Markets BI Intelligence Events Trending Tech Insider Finance Politics Strategy Life Sports Video All × From To You have successfully emailed the post. × 
     

 One chart shows just how devastating healthcare costs are for American families Bob Bryan Feb. 9, 2017, 9:20 PM 7,573 facebook linkedin twitter email print More Charts   A new study from JPMorgan Chase tracked the financial habits of American households around the time of a major medical expense. US households, on average, wait until they get an increase in income before paying for a major medical expense. Major medical expenses lead to long-term increases in credit-card debt and lower income and liquid assets. Out-of-pocket healthcare costs in the US are among the fastest-growing expenses for Americans, and they can be devastating. JPMorgan Chase looked at the data of 250,000 banking customers to study their financial habits, and found just how difficult paying for a large medical expense can be. According to the findings, families typically wait until they get a bump in income before they pay for a major medical expense. In the month before a major expense, incomes were 4% higher than average for households. Other discretionary expenses also increased the month before. "This might suggest that some families delayed health care expenses until they had extra income to spend, and when they did so, they also increased expenses in other categories," the report said. As we've reported previously, households have cited medical expenses as one of their most demanding financial burdens, and 12% of Americans deferred seeing a doctor because of the costs in the last year. Income and spending weren't the only things to increase around a large medical payment, according to JPMorgan Chase. Families also built up their borrowing around that time to finance the payments. "When a major medical payment occurred, in aggregate, families experienced changes in not just their income and expenses but also their liquid assets and borrowing," the report said. "This was often by necessity—the $163 increase in income (4 percent relative to baseline, in aggregate) would not have been sufficient to fully pay for a major medical payment that was at least $400 and $2,089 on average." JP Morgan Chase Institute The changes in preparation for a medical expense also differed by income level, according to the study: "Specifically, families in the lowest asset tercile increased their liquid assets by 14 percent ($1,102), compared to 8 percent ($869) among the middle tercile, and just 3 percent ($891) among the highest tercile prior to the major medical payment (Figure 20). This suggests that families with lower total assets were more likely to have been liquidity-constrained prior to the medical payment and were either paying off outstanding medical bills or had left a medical condition untreated until they were able to pay for the out-of-pocket expenses." One explanation for this is that the uninsured rate for low-income families is typically higher. So more of these costs are coming out of pocket, rather than through coverage, and require more planning. According to the "National Health Interview Survey," the government's premier survey on insurance statistics, 24.7% of "near poor" Americans go without insurance versus just 6.5% of "not poor" persons. Perhaps the most startling statistic from the JPMorgan Chase findings is the length of time it takes for families to recover from the large medical expense. "A year after a major medical payment families had not fully recovered financially relative to the baseline," the research found. "In aggregate, comparing 12 months after the medical payment to the baseline period, income was 3 percent ($112) lower, non-medical expenses were 1 percent ($56) lower, liquid assets were 2 percent lower ($410), and revolving balance was 9 percent ($217) higher." Of note, according to JPMorgan Chase, is that the decline in income and nonmedical expenses also indicates that the expenses show "major medical payments were associated with lasting changes in families’ financial well being." SEE ALSO: 'The elephant in the courtroom': Federal judge says Cigna sabotaged its own merger that would've created largest US health insurer Follow Markets Chart Of The Day and never miss an update! Get updates in your Facebook news feed. Get updates in your inbox. Privacy Policy Get updates in your inbox Subscribe to Markets Chart Of The Day and never miss an update! Privacy Policy More: Healthcare Consumer spending Income Chart Of The Day facebook linkedin twitter email print × Recommended For You Powered by Sailthru One chart shows just how devastating healthcare costs are for American families One chart shows just how devastating healthcare costs are for American families A new study from JPMorgan Chase tracked the... Recommended For You Disclaimer Featured How this astronaut overcame failure and rejection to land his dream job More "Idea Factory" » We just created the best Google Chrome extension on the market for latest news headlines More "BI Innovations" » Markets Emails & Alerts Get the best of Business Insider delivered to your inbox every day. Sign-Up Get the Slide Deck from Henry Blodget's IGNITION Presentation on the Future of Digital     Read Business Insider On The Go Available on iOS or Android Find A Job Tech Jobs C-Level Jobs Media Jobs Design Jobs Finance Jobs Sales Jobs See All Jobs » Thanks to our partners Follow us on: Also check out: * Copyright © 2017 Business Insider Inc. All rights reserved. Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. Disclaimer Commerce Policy Made in NYC Stock quotes by finanzen.net International Editions: UK DE AUS ID IN MY SG PL SE NL FR IT JP
X Edition: United States Business Business Home Legal Deals Aerospace & Defense Finance Autos Reuters Summits ADventures Data Dive Markets Markets Home U.S. Markets European Markets Asian Markets Global Market Data Indices Stocks Bonds Currencies Commodities Futures Funds Earnings Dividends World World Home U.S. Special Reports Reuters Investigates Euro Zone Middle East China Japan Mexico Brazil Africa Russia India Politics Politics Home Polling Explorer Live: Trump's First 100 Days What Voters Want Supreme Court Tech Technology Home Science Top 100 Global Innovators Media Environment Innovation Commentary Commentary Home Podcasts Breakingviews Breakingviews Home Breakingviews Video Money Money Home Retirement Lipper Awards Analyst Research Stock Screener Fund Screener Life Health Sports Arts Entertainment Oddly Enough Pictures Pictures Home The Wider Image Photographers Focus 360 Video Loeb's Third Point takes new stakes in Goldman, BofA, JPMorgan Africa América Latina عربي Argentina Brasil Canada 中国 Deutschland España France India Italia 日本 México РОССИЯ United Kingdom United States Money | Fri Feb 10, 2017 | 5:29pm EST Loeb's Third Point takes new stakes in Goldman, BofA, JPMorgan By Jennifer Ablan | NEW YORK NEW YORK Hedge fund manager Dan Loeb's Third Point LLC took new equity stakes in Goldman Sachs Group Inc, Bank of America Corp, JPMorgan Chase & Co during the fourth quarter, according to regulatory filings on Friday, on a bet that interest rate hikes and operating leverage will jack up returns. In a letter to his investors dated Feb. 1, and seen by Reuters, Loeb said banks will increase returns on equity by between 2 and 4.5 percentage points over the next two years "before tax cuts or deregulation is considered." Third Point bought 400,000 shares of Goldman Sachs; 17.5 million shares of Bank of America; and 5.3 million shares of JPMorgan Chase, the filings show. The quarterly disclosures of manager stock holdings, known as 13F filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission, are always intriguing for investors trying to divine a pattern in what savvy traders are selling and buying. But relying on the filings to develop an investment strategy comes with some peril because the disclosures are backward looking, coming out 45 days after the end of each quarter. Still, the records offer a glimpse into what hedge fund managers saw as opportunities to make money on the long side. The filings do not disclose short positions, bets that a stock will fall in price. There is little disclosure on bonds and other securities that do not trade on exchanges. Third Point also disclosed new share stakes in Zayo Group Holdings Inc, Honeywell International Inc, Anthem Inc and Time Warner Inc. Third Point dissolved its stakes in Alibaba Group Holding Ltd and cut its stake in Apple Inc by 26 percent to 1.9 million shares, according to the regulatory filings. (Reporting by Jennifer Ablan; Editing by Leslie Adler) Next In Money Zuercher Kantonalbank CEO: scant progress on U.S. tax case ZURICH Swiss local government-owned Zuercher Kantonalbank (ZKB) hasn't made much progress in settling a tax case with U.S. authorities, its chief executive told journalists on Friday. Abby Joseph Cohen plans to retire from Goldman Sachs NEW YORK Abby Joseph Cohen, the Goldman Sachs Group Inc strategist whose prescient, upbeat stock-market forecasts made her the face of the 1990s bull market, is retiring as president of the firm’s Global Market Institute. Turkish wealth fund more akin to national development bank: S&P ISTANBUL Turkey's new sovereign wealth fund is more akin to a national development bank, with its design suggesting an effort to create a funding vehicle by leveraging up assets, S&P analyst Frank Gill said on Friday. MORE FROM REUTERS Sponsored Content From Around the WebPromoted by Revcontent Trending Stories Pictures Photos of the week Sponsored Topics X Follow Reuters: Follow Us On Twitter Follow Us On Facebook Follow Us On RSS Follow Us On Instagram Follow Us On YouTube Follow Us On LinkedIn Subscribe: Feeds | Newsletters | Podcasts | Apps Reuters News Agency | Brand Attribution Guidelines | Careers Reuters is the news and media division of Thomson Reuters. Thomson Reuters is the world's largest international multimedia news agency, providing investing news, world news, business news, technology news, headline news, small business news, news alerts, personal finance, stock market, and mutual funds information available on Reuters.com, video, mobile, and interactive television platforms. Learn more about Thomson Reuters products: Eikon Information, analytics and exclusive news on financial markets - delivered in an intuitive desktop and mobile interface Elektron Everything you need to empower your workflow and enhance your enterprise data management World-Check Screen for heightened risk individual and entities globally to help uncover hidden risks in business relationships and human networks Westlaw Build the strongest argument relying on authoritative content, attorney-editor expertise, and industry defining technology ONESOURCE The most comprehensive solution to manage all your complex and ever-expanding tax and compliance needs CHECKPOINT The industry leader for online information for tax, accounting and finance professionals All quotes delayed a minimum of 15 minutes. See here for a complete list of exchanges and delays. Site Feedback Corrections Advertising Guidelines Cookies Terms of Use Privacy Policy
Finance BI Intelligence Events Trending Tech Insider Finance Politics Strategy Life Sports Video All × From To You have successfully emailed the post. × 
     

 Dan Loeb made a nearly $1 billion bet on Wall Street Rachael Levy Feb. 10, 2017, 5:05 PM 6,131 facebook linkedin twitter email print Dan Loeb, founder of hedge fund Third Point.Reuters / Steve Markus Dan Loeb went big on Wall Street. A February 10 regulatory filing shows that Loeb's Third Point took large positions in JPMorgan and Bank of America and, to a lesser extent, Goldman Sachs — investing nearly $1 billion in total in the banks' shares during the fourth quarter of 2016. The JPMorgan position was worth about $453 million; the Bank of America holding about $387 million; and the Goldman holding about $96 million, the filing shows.  Bank stocks soared after of the US election but have since leveled off. JPMorgan, Goldman Sachs, and Bank of America are all flat or up slightly for the year to date. The regulatory filing, called a 13-F, lists long stock positions that investment firms make. The positions are current as of 45 days prior, so it is possible that Third Point has since changed its positions.  In a recent letter to clients, Loeb said that his $15 billion hedge fund firm was betting President Donald Trump's propositions for tax cuts, infrastructure spending, and deregulation would be great for investors. "This environment is undoubtedly better for active investing — just as active investing was considered to be on its deathbed," Loeb wrote in the letter, dated earlier in February. Loeb also wrote that he had made a large move into the securities of financial companies. He said that the sector represented about 12% of the fund, up from 4.4% on November 8, the day of the US election. Loeb didn't mention positions in the banks, and it's not clear when during the fourth quarter of 2016 that Third Point made the investments. Third Point returned about 6.1% last year, according to the letter, less than the roughly 12% gain for the S&P 500 index, with dividends. SEE ALSO: A partner at Dan Loeb's Third Point has left DON'T MISS: DAN LOEB: Trump will make hedge funds great again NOW WATCH: The wealth of these 8 men equals the bottom 50% of the entire world Loading video... More: Hedge Funds facebook linkedin twitter email print × Recommended For You Powered by Sailthru Dan Loeb made a nearly $1 billion bet on Wall Street Dan Loeb made a nearly $1 billion bet on Wall Street Dan Loeb went big on Wall Street. A... Recommended For You Disclaimer Featured How this astronaut overcame failure and rejection to land his dream job More "Idea Factory" » We just created the best Google Chrome extension on the market for latest news headlines More "BI Innovations" » Finance Emails & Alerts Get the best of Business Insider delivered to your inbox every day. Sign-Up Get the Slide Deck from Henry Blodget's IGNITION Presentation on the Future of Digital     Read Business Insider On The Go Available on iOS or Android Find A Job Tech Jobs C-Level Jobs Media Jobs Design Jobs Finance Jobs Sales Jobs See All Jobs » Thanks to our partners Follow us on: Also check out: * Copyright © 2017 Business Insider Inc. All rights reserved. Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. Disclaimer Commerce Policy Made in NYC Stock quotes by finanzen.net International Editions: UK DE AUS ID IN MY SG PL SE NL FR IT JP
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad Loeb's Third Point takes new stakes in Goldman, BofA, JPMorgan By Reuters Published: 17:17 EST, 10 February 2017 | Updated: 17:17 EST, 10 February 2017 e-mail By Jennifer Ablan NEW YORK, Feb 10 (Reuters) - Hedge fund manager Dan Loeb's Third Point LLC took new equity stakes in Goldman Sachs Group Inc, Bank of America Corp, JPMorgan Chase & Co during the fourth quarter, according to regulatory filings on Friday, on a bet that interest rate hikes and operating leverage will jack up returns. In a letter to his investors dated Feb. 1, and seen by Reuters, Loeb said banks will increase returns on equity by between 2 and 4.5 percentage points over the next two years "before tax cuts or deregulation is considered." Third Point bought 400,000 shares of Goldman Sachs; 17.5 million shares of Bank of America; and 5.3 million shares of JPMorgan Chase, the filings show. The quarterly disclosures of manager stock holdings, known as 13F filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission, are always intriguing for investors trying to divine a pattern in what savvy traders are selling and buying. But relying on the filings to develop an investment strategy comes with some peril because the disclosures are backward looking, coming out 45 days after the end of each quarter. Still, the records offer a glimpse into what hedge fund managers saw as opportunities to make money on the long side. The filings do not disclose short positions, bets that a stock will fall in price. There is little disclosure on bonds and other securities that do not trade on exchanges. Third Point also disclosed new share stakes in Zayo Group Holdings Inc, Honeywell International Inc, Anthem Inc and Time Warner Inc. Third Point dissolved its stakes in Alibaba Group Holding Ltd and cut its stake in Apple Inc by 26 percent to 1.9 million shares, according to the regulatory filings. (Reporting by Jennifer Ablan; Editing by Leslie Adler) Share or comment on this article e-mail Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS That's cheeky! Calvin Klein plays This is Not America and Mexican immigrant designer sends 'f*** your wall' underwear down the runway as New York Fashion Week gets political All that glitters! Kylie Jenner flashes her midriff and legs in fringed gold crop top and matching skirt for Jeremy Scott's NYFW show LBD with a twist! Emily Ratajkowski slips on velvet dress for Jason Wu's 10th Anniversary Midnight Supper during NYFW EXCLUSIVE PICTURES: Robin Thicke has emotional reunion with son Julian under watchful eye of social worker as ex Paula Patton reluctantly hands him over in park 'Late night sesh!' Make-up free Michelle Keegan flaunts gym-honed figure in black leggings and a vest as she enjoys Friday night workout Food to get you in the mood! Sexy dishes and drinks for Valentine's Day (and why they work)  SPONSORED Aphrodisiacs You can't strut with us! Kendall Jenner, Bella Hadid and Hailey Baldwin make for a formidable fashion pack as they parade their way into the Fendi party 'He's gone. He's blue': Fadi Fawaz's frantic 999 call reveals that lover had 'been trying to wake George Michael for an hour' after finding him unconscious EXCLUSIVE: 'I was scared to come back because of my beliefs': Lindsay Lohan on returning to the US while studying Islam and why she wants to meet Trump Meow! Paris Hilton braves snow in quirky cat ear cap after walking the runway for New York Fashion Week Leather look Hailey Baldwin rocks rose colored glasses and leather for RtA FW 2017 presentation at New York Fashion Week Monochrome 'Grown and sexy': Shanina Shaik flashes MAJOR side boob in slinky black frock before celebrating 26th birthday with an adorable cake of her much-younger self  'So excited to shoot with women of all sizes!' Ashley Graham flaunts her cleavage in sizzling salsa-themed ad for her swimsuit line Daddy's biggest fan! Behati Prinsloo takes baby Dusty Rose to support Adam Levine as he is honored with star on Hollywood Walk of Fame Did I want Bowie's children? Never! A year after his death, Lulu tells of her affair with the rock legend, her troubled childhood - and the car crash that nearly killed her Look away Rob! Blac Chyna spotted without her engagement ring as she enjoys lunch date with a mystery man Kourtney Kardashian shows off her pins in black leggings as she chats on the phone while running errands In LA's upscale Sherman Oaks neighbourhood  Big city pretty! Snooki, JWoww and Christina Milian get dolled up at NYFW celebrity beauty bar The pretty celebs were on top forms She even stuns in sweats! Selena Gomez opts for comfort in cozy top and bell bottoms as she steps out in LA Relaxed 'You want to introduce some fear!' Tim McGraw reveals he scares his and Faith Hill's daughters' dates with a sledgehammer  'How pretty is this is?': Eva Longoria shares romantic Valentine's Day balloon display she made for husband Jose Bastón 'You're literally 99 per cent plastic now!': Fans SLAM Holly Hagan as she unveils new 'filled out' chin in proud before and after snap Nice puppies! Lena Dunham dons bold striped frock as she makes Tonight Show appearance with two cute furry guests Can't rain on her parade! Kelly Rowland braves LA downpour to celebrate birthday in showstopping beaded ensemble Birthday weekend 'His and hers': Bec Judd flaunts slim frame in activewear with husband Chris Judd in loved-up snap... six weeks after the pair celebrated their sixth wedding anniversary New York minute! Romee Strijd steps out in super short skirt showing off long legs during chilly NYFW Taking fashion week in her stride Mischa Barton steps out for a rainy day drive in her convertible...one day after 'drinking and smoking until 3 am' at West Hollywood bar 'She's our guardian angel now': Katie Holmes puts on a brave face at Fashion Week as she reveals her grandmother passed away  Looking good! Model Elyse Taylor looks radiant as she reveals her beauty secrets include coffee and green juice for breakfast and 60 minutes of cardio FIVE times a week Forget something? Allison Williams wows in sparkly black blazer with no BRA at Get Out premiere in Los Angeles Not worried about over exposure Pregnant Ciara shows off baby bump in skintight mini dress and stilettos while out with Russell Wilson in West Hollywood All smiles Sealed with a kiss! Ariel Winter shares a cheeky peek with her gal pal after getting frisky with fires Locking lips Sitting pretty: Charlie XCX shines in pink polka dots at the Variety Portrait Studio event with Noah Cyrus and Kat Graham She was an American Girl! Kate Upton stuns in slinky silk ensemble at MusiCares event honouring Tom Petty 'I want someone who's going to throw me on the bed!': Ferne McCann insists men are put off by her fame... as she reveals she's 'so ready' to settle down and have a baby 'Congratulations to the family': Rita Ora only has 'positive energy' for ex Rob Kardashian after he welcomes a baby with Blac Chyna... despite infamous Twitter spat  Nicole Scherzinger puts on a busty display in cut-out blouse for night out at LA hotspot Catch Eye-popping display Busting out! Olivia Newton-John's daughter Chloe Lattanzi flaunts VERY ample cleavage in bizarre video announcement for new movie Second-gen stunner! Andy Garcia's daughter Alessandra Garcia Lorido is a rising talent in the plus-size modeling world A name to watch Daddy's little girl! Tom Hanks' grand-daughter's name revealed as the adorable tot steps out wearing an outfit picked out by father Chet  'Dressing her in gym gear is a cheap ratings stunt!': Corrie viewers SLAM 'nauseating' Rosie Webster as she exercises in a TINY pink sports bra 'He was on the bed, the gas fire next to him': EastEnders' June Brown admits she blamed herself for husband's suicide... as she celebrates 90th birthday and 32 years as Dot  Coffee and cigarettes: Fresh faced Frenchwoman Vanessa Paradis stops to smoke after enjoying lunch with friends Diane Kruger looks beautiful in blue as she joins Adriana Lima with a leggy display on front row at Jason Wu's New York Fashion Week show What would the Neighbours say? Makeup-free Olympia Valance poses NEAR-NAKED on board yacht with bikini-clad pals 'Babes!' Gwen Stefani gushes about beau Blake Shelton and pal Adam Levine as the Maroon 5 singer gets a star on the Hollywood Walk Of Fame A Lott of leg! Pixie shows off her toned pins in a ladylike LBD with bow detailing as she leads the glamour at Weinstein pre-BAFTA dinner Kim Kardashian works out with her sisters in LA while husband Kanye West prepares for fashion week in NYC Long distance  Courtney Stodden makes out with a mystery man as she confirms she has split from 56-year-old husband Doug Hutchison once again A vision in velvet! Jessie James Decker shows off her svelte figure in burgundy dress with thigh high boots for her Kittenish pop up shop Like a Greek Goddess! Australian Supermodel Nicole Trunfio dazzles the MusiCares red carpet in a unique silk white number She's got good jeans! Rachael Gouvignon flaunts slimmed-down figure in tight denim after posing NUDE in THAT beachside snap Move over Nicole Kidman! Meet Vimala Raman, 37, the girl who grew up in western Sydney watching Bollywood movies and is now one of India's most  successful actresses Actor abdication: The Crown creator admits he's 'thinking about recasting everybody' as the plot progresses... meaning Matt Smith and Claire Foy would no longer star in the show 'I want Sophie to stay single': Back in Corrie after a spell on the stage, Brooke Vincent says there's more to her lesbian character than her sexuality 'Strictly made me feel like a woman again': Singer Anastacia's double mastectomy saved her life, but left her with 'a road map' of scars 'Fashionable?' Wildlife warrior Bindi Irwin jokes about her latest 'fashion statement' days after touching tribute to her late father Steve Colour in Kate! Kensington Palace joins the crayon craze with a £5.99 book of the Duchess of Cambridge's outfits that is flying off the shelves  'The older that you get ... less is more!': Makeup enthusiast Kim Zolciak touts virtues of using fewer cosmetics Glam look Lauren Pope flaunts her incredible figure and sculpted abs in a bright yellow bikini as she soaks up the sun in Dubai Sultry beach style Victoria(na) chic! Jenna Coleman is the picture of elegance in thigh-skimming frock with pretty ruffle detailing at Weinstein pre-BAFTA party Bella Thorne wears lacy crop top to join mystery man on double-date bike ride with sister Dani Thorne and boyfriend in LA Someone new? Naughty but nice! LeAnn Rimes sizzles in a black dress with a plunging, laced up neckline for pre-Grammys event Cross her heart Babymoon time! Whitney Port and husband jet out on vacation after the Hills star announced pregnancy    'Something to sink his teeth into': Un-signed footballer Jamie O'Hara fills the void by taking a stab at modelling... following the demise of his CBB relationship with Bianca Gascoigne Lee slaps Whitney for telling him to man up, like his dad (Danny Dyer), capping off 'the week from hell' for the Carters in EastEnders, by JIM SHELLEY SEBASTIAN SHAKESPEARE: Gentlemen prefer blondes! Pixie Lott, her mother AND big sister meet a very animated Prince Charles  Lena Dunham bares midriff in crop top tracksuit after discussing her Trump diet again and how she 'drops weight with every move he makes' Soapwatch: Jaci Stephen's ultimate insight into the week's soaps  Bethany's drawn further into Nathan's lair. I suspect we'll see her being asked to get nude 'This gave me chills!': Emotional fans praise Michael Bublé's new video about 'everlasting love'... as he makes his musical comeback amid his son Noah's cancer battle Botox in her neck, an apple before every meal and lasers to wipe out knee wrinkles: How Christie Brinkley looks like this at 63 (and don't forget her daily washes with ACID soap)!  Prince Harry's ex Cressida Bonas cuts a demure figure in simple white dress as she cosies up to Olga Kurylenko at Harvey Weinstein's pre-BAFTA bash Trainspotting 2's Anjela Nedyalkova looks leggy in a nude semi-sheer minidress at the Berlinale International Film Festival... after getting naked with Ewan McGregor on set Youthful looking Nicole Kidman, 49, flashes a hint of skin in a quirky polka dot dress with a thigh-high split as she attends Lion premiere in Paris EXCLUSIVE: Beau Ryan's wife Kara shows off her blossoming baby bump in skintight activewear after announcing second pregnancy 'Before kids, eye bags and sleep theft': Fearne Cotton reminisces on girly getaway with Holly Willoughby as she posts throwback snap in honour of her birthday 'I thought about it and I was wrong!' D&G designer Stefano Gabbana backtracks after body-shaming Lady Gaga - and even praises her for being 'real'  Should Jamie Oliver be holding his baby so close to the cooker? Parenting expert's warning over photo of chef with his six-month-old son River Rocket Cooling off! Model Laura Csortan takes adorable three-month-old daughter Layla Rose for a swim during Sydney's heatwave Baby's day out! Chelsea Clinton and husband Marc take son Aidan on an afternoon trip to gourmet food emporium after a morning at a fashion show DENYING she'd run for senate 'It has really knocked him': Outnumbered's Tyger Drew-Honey left devastated after it's revealed his porn star dad Ben Dover has bladder cancer New York's her runway! Kendall Jenner parades much shorter haircut as she struts around town during fashion week Dramatic change The Boy from Oz! Actor Hugh Jackman reveals he STILL gets excited by snow despite years in the US as he braves New York snowstorm Snap in a blizzard Next generation! Sofia Richie shows off her modeling chops as she gets VERY close to Anwar Hadid in Tommy Hilfiger's sultry new denim campaign Well, it's not ALWAYS the happiest place on Earth! Drew Barrymore recalls her daughter Olive's spectacular tantrums at Disney World Bumping along nicely! Ciara protectively strokes her belly in clinging black dress on casual outing in Beverly Hills Pretty pregnant Looking tan-dy! Olivia Culpo and Madison Beer don color-coordinating outfits for Cushnie Et Ochs NYFW show Glimpse of decolletage thanks to a lack of a bra Kate Upton looks prim and proper in pearls and blouse at LAX following claims of 'diva' behavior over Sports Illustrated shoot Keeping it cute 'We're famous, Daddy!' Nick Cannon reveals his struggle to keep five-year-old twins with Mariah Carey grounded Battle to give children a normal childhood 'You're always playing the victim!' Kirk Norcross' ex Holli Willis launches into a tirade on Twitter about 'attention seeking' claims that she doesn't let him see their daughter Drop dead gorgeous! Pamella Roland shows glitzy beading, sheer accents, killer ladylike capes at stunning New York Fashion Week show That's not Selena Gomez! The Weeknd hits pre-Grammy party with a brunette former Miss USA who looks uncannily like his girlfriend Stephen Bear DROPPED from Celebs Go Dating agency and banned from show's launch party because of his 'relationship' with Charlotte Crosby Drew Barrymore's ex Will Kopelman takes daughters for stroll with female companion... after actress admits their divorce was her 'worst nightmare' Getting ready to roll! Irina Shayk reveals her baby bump in grey sweatshirt as she prepares for her little one's arrival with another driving lesson Family trip! Actress Charlize Theron heads through LAX with her children Jackson and August as well as her mother Black and white style It's all in the wrist! Celebrity hairstylist Justine Marjan details the secrets to how she achieves perfectly lived-in waves on clients like Khloe Kardashian Katy Perry on why she's 'given up' caring what people think about her quirky style Pop beauty admits she used to spend hours reading comments Postcard from paradise: Kim Kardashian shares personal photo album of her wet and wild waterfall adventure in Costa Rica  'We are truly blessed': Family rejoice as Jamie Lynn Spears' daughter Maddie, 8, LEAVES hospital six days after girl almost died after flipping ATV into a pond Coronation Street's Catherine Tyldesley displays her long legs and hourglass figure in leather skirt on date night with husband Tom Pitfield 'Your job is to get naked and say lines!' Debra Messing reveals how an award-winning director pressured her to go nude on set - after insisting she needed a nose job Made in Mayfair! Tiffany Watson flaunts her tanned and toned legs in form-fitting white frock as she enjoys glamorous night out in London TOWIE's Kate Wright refuses to namedrop 'new footballer boyfriend Rio Ferdinand in upcoming series as it has nothing to do with the show' Trailer for 'racist' Netflix series Dear White People 'gets a million dislikes in just ONE day' - and sparks customer revolt  Controversial Keanu Reeves looks dapper in a navy suit as he attends the gala screening of his latest flick John Wick in London Killing it  Trainspotting 2's Anjela Nedyalkova looks leggy in skintight black dress at Berlinale International Film Festival... after getting naked with Ewan McGregor in steamy scenes Oh so chic! Olivia Culpo and Nicky Hilton turn heads in black at white at LANYU Couture runway show The biggest names in fashion turn out 'Um, photoshop gone wrong': Fans accuse Charlotte Crosby of heavily doctoring her Insta post as she poses in lycra in front of 'very wonky skirting board'  'So proud' Jennifer Ellison parades her newly-svelte figure in tiny sports bra as she drops a whopping four dress sizes in just three months How the West Wing was won: Kellyanne Conway dresses in head-to-toe leather day after travel ban ruling (and drops $6k on her boots and purse alone) Cinema says it won't let men in to watch Fifty Shades Darker 'until we see if women can control themselves'  Too steamy for the ladies? Fifty Shades of Demure! Dakota Johnson cuts a casual figure in chic fur-trimmed overcoat as she jets out of London for her next movie premiere BEL MOONEY: My life's been ruined by my lover's tangle of lies Advice for a woman who moved to the Midlands to be with a man - only to learn he was having casual sex with others. What happened to Sarah? How Fergie's now calling herself Margaret York and trying to run a business empire from a hotel bar  Little Minxes! Jesy Nelson flaunts her incredible abs in a plunging sports bra... as Jade Thirlwall shows off her slender figure in a racy tour costume She's gone all Sporty Spice: Victoria Beckham wears head to toe Adidas in show of support to brand ambassador husband David following scandal Effortlessly chic! Model Jessica Hart flashes a hint of cleavage as she goes BRALESS in plunging black outfit at New York Fashion Week 'Sticky as hell!' Atomic Kitten pose for a busty photo as they get hot and sweaty on the Melbourne leg of their reunion tour... as Kerry Katona bounces back after her mystery illness Suddenly shy? Rita Ora wraps up in oversized shearling coat as she heads to Heathrow airport... after flashing underboob at Fifty Shades Darker premiere 'You need company': Grieving Debbie McGee hints that she's ready to find love again as she tries to 'keep busy' a year after husband Paul Daniels' death Baby's first Chanel: Rob Kardashian posts sweet snap of baby Dream wearing designer outfit as she turns three months old Alec Baldwin roasts Ivanka Trump during Tonight Show saying he bought his suit from her collection for '95 per cent off' amid Nordstrom fiasco Free the nipple! Raf Simons sends his models down the runway at New York Fashion Week in risque SEE-THROUGH sweaters as he debuts his first Calvin Klein collection Brielle Biermann enjoys a sweet early Valentine's Day celebration with boyfriend Michael Kopech and wins 'best girlfriend' award Revenge is best served HOT! Khloe Kardashian proudly models her ripped body in mirror selfie after officially dropping Odom from her name 'We connected really quickly:' Gigi Hadid reveals she tried struggled to play it cool after falling hard for Zayn when they first met Richard Gere, 67, and girlfriend Alejandra Silva, 33, pucker up on the red carpet as they put on a besotted display at the Berlin Film Festival Oh, what beautiful morning! Leighton Meester, Camilla Belle and Victoria Justice flock to Russian Tea Room for Kate Spade NYFW show Millie Bobby Brown joins the A-list front row fashion set at Calvin Klein after being named the new face of the designer brand at just 12 Seeking frills! Alexa Chung flaunts her long lean figure as she braves the cold in chic crochet dress to attend Calvin Klein show during New York Fashion Week Love you, baby! Maksim Chmerkovskiy kisses Peta Murgatroyd at fashion show as they take a night off parent duty one month after birth of son  While Kate Spade unveils a Paris-inspired 2017 collection with the help of Victoria Justice, Tanya Taylor serves up intricate pieces for the modern gal Golden girls! Gwyneth Paltrow and Sarah Jessica Parker rock autumnal colors for Calvin Klein's Fall Winter show at NYFW Naomie Harris is the picture of elegance in checked trousers and chic white coat as she makes glamorous arrival at Calvin Klein NYFW show Ex On The Beach's Chloe Goodman flaunts her ample assets and peachy bottom in a tiny mismatched bikini as she hits the pool in Tenerife 'You can't be obese and happy': Super-slimmer Tina Malone claims true joy comes from being thin... but Chantelle Houghton says 'life is too short' The Grammys' 'trophy girls' who dish out the awards now include a transgender woman and a man  Martina Robledo, Derek Marrocco, Hollin Haley will be the 3 handlers 'I'd like to have kids... but I need a guy!' Sophie Monk reveals hopes of having a baby THIS YEAR and is open to being a single mum 'if it got to that' 'She's very shaken up': Love Island's Olivia Buckland left in hospital after hitting her head in petrifying car crash Sustained an injury to her head  How Kate took ten years off her face: The Duchess has ditched her heavy eyeliner, and matte foundation since turning 35 (and looks a decade younger) MY HAVEN - Martin Roberts: The Homes Under The Hammer host, 53, in his tree house (and radio studio) in Somerset  She plays Governor Hildur Odegard in Sky Atlantic's dark drama Fortitude and here Sofie Grabol talks us through a week on the show's set... Tony Blackburn will make his triumphant return to Radio 2 for a 6am Saturday job one year after his sacking  Sounds Of The 60s I'm not Radio Gaga, legendary DJ Brian Matthew tells JANE FRYER after he briefly fell ill and was abruptly pensioned off from the BBC following 63 years with the corporation  It's celebrity walkies! Well-known faces walk their dogs in stunning locations and telling us as much about the owners as the beauty spots Bill Oddie wouldn't do yoga, Sheila Ferguson had a date and Miriam Stoppard couldn't surrender to the spirituality. Yes, The Real Marigold Hotel is back Natural beauty! Makeup-free Pia Miller shares 'grumpy selfie' ahead of early morning shoot and STILL looks stunning The Germans won the war and Britain is under occupation. That's the idea behind new TV drama SS-GB - and its dystopian vision is utterly chilling: Welcome to Nazi Britain  Terry Pratchett's final fantasy: The late literary legend recorded his innermost thoughts before he passed away in 2015 - now actor Paul Kaye's brought them to life in a moving film After a tantalising star turn in The Night Manager, Elizabeth Debicki returns to British TV in Australian alien abduction thriller The Kettering Incident Fancy seeing you here! Lily-Rose Depp bumps into her pal Tallulah Willis at popular LA lunch spot The two friends met unexpectedly Richard Gere and his co-star Laura Linney cosy up to each other on the red carpet for new film The Dinner at the 67th Berlinale International Film Festival Whoopi Goldberg reveals she didn't realise how much she depended on her mother and brother as she discusses their deaths on Loose Women EXCLUSIVE: 'We had SEX in Buckingham Palace toilets': Steve Jones admits to a very naughty regal romp with his wife Phylicia Her pride and joy! Teresa Palmer shares adorable snap of her sons Bodhi Rain and Forest Sage as she gushes over the baby's 'new chatter' Picking up a present for the grandchildren? Amal Clooney's mum is pictured heading into a children's bookshop as it's revealed the couple are expecting twins Blondes have more fun! Allison Williams shows off platinum hair at LA screening of Get Out with director Jordan Peele and co-stars Kate Moss flashes her racy leather bra as she unbuttons her shirt during dinner in London... before heading home in the early hours bleary-eyed She'll catch her death! Braless Ashley James puts on a VERY busty display as she showcases her ample cleavage in plunging pink knitwear Time to chill! Geordie Shore newbie Zahida Allen braves snowy conditions in TINY plunging mini dress as she enjoys girls' night at French ski resort 'My heart is broken!' Twitter goes into mourning as Kris Marshall bids an emotional farewell to Death In Paradise Charli Sexy-X! Popstar puts on very busty display in plunging bralet and tiny shorts as she performs new single on Jimmy Kimmel Live 'She threw me off!': Maria Shriver gets flustered after Lena Dunham says the word penis during live interview on Today show Take a bow! Solange Knowles shows off a hint of cleavage in quirky plunging blazer at the Black Women in Music event in Hollywood  So wild! Sofia Vergara wears zebra print blouse as she films Modern Family with Ed O'Neill In character as Gloria during a shoot day 'It's got a life of its own!' Linda Robson has Loose Women panel in stitches as she fails to switch off sex toy and mistakes nipple tassels for earrings PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Tyga's ex Demi Rose sizzles in racy red lace lingerie for sexy Valentine's Day shoot as she reveals plans to move to America Shia LaBeouf's anti-Trump museum exhibit is shut down after becoming a 'flashpoint for violence' He Will Not Divide Us exhibit Tara Palmer-Tomkinson's family reveal she 'died peacefully in her sleep' as heartbroken sister visits tragic socialite's £1.6million apartment  Lisa Appleton flashes her very ample assets whilst flexing her muscles in Wonder Woman-inspired gym wear by the seaside in Blackpool 'There was a baby boom!' Jamie Dornan admits erotic Fifty Shades sex scenes with Dakota Johnson led to pregnancy surge 'You're going to cry again': Eamonn Holmes reminds emotional Ruth Langsford of how he asked her mum for hand in marriage during her dad's dementia battle Aidan Turner puffs away on a cigarette before he resumes filming with Eleanor Tomlinson for Poldark season three EastEnders' Jack Branning can't contain his grief-fuelled rage as it's revealed what really caused Ronnie and Roxy Mitchell's deaths Seething with rage  Not wanted! NeNe Leakes and Kim Zolciak's return to RHOA angers co-stars amid pay cut concerns Sure to be explosive Fresh fears for Mischa Barton as she is seen drinking, smoking and partying until 3am just weeks after shocking 'meltdown'  Pictured drinking 'Amal's twins and Beyonce's twins will sit on the thrones of Narnia': Twitter reacts to George Clooney baby news Double the joy! 'Caught early it's very curable': Pointless host Alexander Armstrong undergoes testicular cancer test in front of millions on This Morning Praised by viewers  Sheer daring! Kendall Jenner bares pert derriere in see-through gown as she hits catwalk for La Perla NYFW show Sheer style 'Everything I could possibly ever want on my birthday': Make-up free Holly Willoughby poses for a rare snap with her three children as she turns 36 Could it be a trio of pregnancies for The Hills? Speidi fuel rumours they are expecting as they congratulate Whitney Port and Lauren Conrad 'He thinks he can win in every discipline' Davina McCall on Spencer Matthews' cocky attitude on The Jump... and his co-stars plan to 'take him down' '27 weeks and 2 days': Pregnant Love Island star Cally Jane Beech excitedly shares picture of her growing baby bump as she poses in her underwear  Mini Moyles! Radio DJ Chris showcases his jaw-dropping five stone weight loss at the opening of Jamie Oliver's new restaurant in London Save the breast for last! Courtney Stodden sizzles in plunging bodysuit as she showcases major sideboob at pre-Grammys bash in LA Death in Paradise star whose shorts have made her a hit with viewers entertains Twitter with live episode updates (and responds to their flirty posts) 'I'm just gutted I'm not allowed to see you': Kirk Norcross shares heart-wrenching video with daughter  on her first birthday...amid claims ex is blocking access LEAFing little to the imagination! Charlotte McKinney flaunts her eye-popping cleavage in a sheer top as she accessorises with a quirky clutch When she's feeling blue: Selma Blair flaunts her legs in a patterned mini and a matching pyjama-style ensemble as she mixed up her look throughout the day Rosie Huntington-Whiteley, 29, finally confirms she's PREGNANT with fiance Jason Statham, 49, as she shares burgeoning bikini bump snap  'Looking hot in those kinky boots this morning!' Twitter goes wild for Lorraine Kelly's patent leather knee-highs on TV show It's Ferry slippy! Geordie Shore's Chloe takes a tumble on the ice alongside cast mate Marnie Simpson as they continue to film new series in Tignes Brooklyn Beckham heads out for a night out on the town amid father David's email hacking scandal Heading to Mayfair It was never meant to workout! Jamie O'Hara endures gruelling personal training session... after dumping CBB love interest Bianca Gascoigne EastEnders suffers another epic gaffe when stagehand wanders into Aunt Babe and Sylvie's dramatic scene A man in a high vis jacket was in shot Lady in leather! Smiling Queen Maxima of the Netherlands steps out in an edgy plum pencil skirt on a visit to a design school in east Germany  TayTay Starhz continues to cash in on THAT kiss with Zoe Ball as he claims he helped cause the end of her marriage to Norman Cook  Can YOU identify these stars from just their lips? Scientists say plump pouts like the Kardashians' aren't the most desirable while Holly Willoughby has a perfect pair Awkward! Suits stars Rick Hoffman and Sarah Rafferty dodge question about co-star Meghan Markle and Prince Harry on The Project Such a (Suga)babe! Heidi Range oozes glamour in a lace jumpsuit as she enjoys a theatre date night with hunky husband at the Carole King Musical It's official! George Clooney, 55, and pregnant wife Amal, 39, finally confirm rumours they are expecting TWINS Due in June 50 shades duller! (And as erotic as a bluebottle landing on your bottom): BRIAN VINER gives his verdict on the sequel Even more pale and at times downright limp 'Just perfect': Peter Andre shares intimate breastfeeding snap of wife Emily MacDonagh... as they hint at solidarity for Tamara Ecclestone following her rant When Hermione fell for Voldemort... Hilarious Beauty and The Beast spoof trailer sees Emma Watson's Belle fall in love with Harry Potter's evil nemesis Revealed: The punishing regime that saw DJ Chris Moyles ditch pizza for quinoa and the radio chair for running to shed a whopping FIVE STONE   With their drunken orgies, the sexually voracious Wizard Of Oz Munchkins turned to whoring, pimping and other crimes   Exposed 'I'm putting my pyjamas on': Katie Price teases she won't be getting X-rated with husband Kieran Hayler after watching steamy Fifty Shades Darker 'Every day I want more drugs': Friends reveal tragic Tara's struggle with addiction in her final months as sister tells of her heartbreak Tragic death Throwback Thursday! Zayn Malik channels James Dean with edgy shearling jacket and classic quiff at Billboard Power 100 celebration Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
Sections Sign In Username Subscribe Accessibility for screenreader Home Page U.S. & World | Regional Politics PowerPost The Fix White House Courts and Law Polling Monkey Cage Fact Checker Post Politics Blog Opinions The Post's View Toles Cartoons Telnaes Animations Local Opinions Global Opinions Letters to the Editor Act Four All Opinions Are Local Book Party Compost Erik Wemple Five Myths In Theory The Plum Line PostEverything PostPartisan Rampage Right Turn The Watch Volokh Conspiracy DemocracyPost Sports Redskins NFL MLB NBA NHL AllMetSports Soccer Boxing/MMA College Sports College Football College Basketball D.C. Sports Bog Early Lead Fancy Stats Golf Tennis Fantasy Sports Local D.C. Maryland Virginia Public Safety Education Obituaries Transportation Weather National Acts of Faith Health and Science National Security Investigations Morning Mix Post Nation True Crime Obituaries World Africa The Americas Asia and Pacific Europe Middle East National Security WorldViews Checkpoint Business Wonkblog On Leadership Personal Finance Digger Energy and Environment Markets On Small Business World Business Capital Business Tech Innovations The Switch Lifestyle Arts and Entertainment Advice Carolyn Hax Food Travel Wellness Magazine Home and Garden Inspired Life Fashion KidsPost On Parenting Reliable Source The Intersect Solo-ish Entertainment Books Comics Comic Riffs Going Out Guide Horoscopes Movies Museums Music Puzzles and Games Theater and Dance TV Restaurants Bars & Clubs Crosswords Video World Top News Entertainment Local Popular Video Politics Live Sports Opinions National Business Technology Style Podcasts Photography In Sight Washington Post Live Events Live Chats Real Estate Rentals Where We Live Recently Sold Homes Cars Jobs Classifieds Partners Express Parade WP BrandStudio washingtonpost.com 1996-2017 The Washington Post Terms of Service Privacy Policy Submissions and Discussion Policy RSS Terms of Service Ad Choices Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on Google Plus Share via Email Share on LinkedIn Share on Pinterest Share on Tumblr Resize Text Print Article Comments0 The inside track on Washington politics. Be the first to know about new stories from PowerPost. Sign up to follow, and we’ll e-mail you free updates as they’re published. You’ll receive free e-mail news updates each time a new story is published. You’re all set! Sign up *Invalid email address Got it Got it 2 Desktop notifications are on   | Turn off Get breaking news alerts from The Washington Post Turn on desktop notifications? Yes Not now It looks like you've previously blocked notifications. Please update your browser permissions to allow them. Local Lawsuit alleges JPMorgan Chase bilks D.C. jurors with high debit card fees The inside track on Washington politics. Be the first to know about new stories from PowerPost. Sign up to follow, and we’ll e-mail you free updates as they’re published. You’ll receive free e-mail news updates each time a new story is published. You’re all set! Sign up *Invalid email address Got it Got it Fee schedule for Chase debit cards (Court documents) By Justin Wm. Moyer By Justin Wm. Moyer February 10 at 4:44 PM Follow @justinwmmoyer A federal class-action lawsuit alleges that JPMorgan Chase plotted to bilk money from D.C. jurors by forcing them to receive jury service payments on Chase debit cards that come with fees attached. The suit, filed Tuesday in U.S. District Court for the District of Columbia by D.C. attorney William Mark Scott, says burdensome debit card fees deprived “those who duly fulfilled their civic duty” of fair compensation. “Chase has devised a deceptive and unlawful scheme to deprive jurors of their full payments for jury service,” the suit reads. “This is done without an iota of consent from jurors, who are, in fact, further misled by the deceptive materials Chase provides with its debit cards, which falsely advertise that jurors can receive their funds for ‘FREE.’ ” JPMorgan Chase declined to comment on the suit. In the District, jurors receive $30 per day if they serve on a jury, plus a $4 travel allowance. But Scott’s suit alleges that he couldn’t access his full payment for serving on a jury in July because of two 25-cent charges after “not having enough money in the account to pay for a ‘declined’ Debit Card purchase,” according to the suit, and because of $1.50 in “inactivity fees.” Screenshot of website used to manage Chase Debit cards. (Court documents) A $13 balance from his July service is still “trapped” on his debit card, the suit said. In a statement issued by his attorneys, Scott, 58, said he has lived in the District for more than two decades and is usually called for jury duty every two years. An attorney who represents whistleblowers, he estimated he had served more than 10 times. The suit notes that Chase charges about $5 for withdrawing money from out-of-network ATMs and $7 for withdrawing money using the debit card at a Chase branch. (The nearest Chase ATM is in Newark, Del., according to the Chase website.) Meanwhile, small balances left on cards — like the $4 jurors receive when they report for jury duty but are not selected for a panel — cannot be easily accessed and are effectively “forfeited to Chase,” the suit said. “Chase thus has complete control over a captive population of American jurors, which Chase exploits through a scheme that is intentionally designed to rob these jurors of the money owed to them by statute to line Chase’s own pockets,” according to the complaint. Anna Haac, an attorney representing Scott, called the Chase cards an example of “corporate greed resulting in a transfer of wealth from the bottom up.” “These are taxpayer dollars that are supposed to go to jurors for serving their civic duty to our communities and performing an integral function in our American democracy,” she wrote in an email. Leah Gurowitz, spokeswoman for D.C. Superior Court, said more than 31,000 people served as jurors in the District during the last fiscal year, and jury fees totaled $701,000. She said the court began paying jurors with debit cards in 2015 on the recommendation of the U.S. Treasury Department, partly because of problems with courthouse ATMs that dispensed funds to jurors. “The program is not designed to save the court money but rather to make it more convenient for jurors — they don’t have to wait for checks to be issued each day,” she wrote in an email. She added: “Any fees imposed are negotiated between Chase and the U.S. Department of Treasury.” It’s not the first time a juror has faulted a court over the debit card system. After compensating its jurors with debit cards for three years, Norfolk switched back to checks in 2016 after complaints about fees. However, some jurisdictions say paying jurors with a debit card saves money. Gwinnett County in Georgia switched to Chase credit cards in 2014, saying it was cheaper than printing and mailing checks. local public-safety Orlando Shooting Updates News and analysis on the deadliest mass shooting in U.S. history. post_newsletter348 follow-orlando false after3th false Please provide a valid email address. Sign up You’re all set! See all newsletters local public-safety Dallas shooting updates News and analysis on the deadliest day for police since 9/11. post_newsletter353 follow-dallas true endOfArticle false Please provide a valid email address. Sign up You’re all set! See all newsletters 0 Comments  Share on FacebookShare   Share on TwitterTweet Share via Email Justin Wm. Moyer is a reporter for The Washington Post. Follow @justinwmmoyer 0 Show Comments Discussion Policy 0 Comments SuperFan Badge SuperFan badge holders consistently post smart, timely comments about Washington area sports and teams. More about badges | Request a badge Culture Connoisseur Badge Culture Connoisseurs consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on the arts, lifestyle and entertainment. More about badges | Request a badge Fact Checker Badge Fact Checkers contribute questions, information and facts to The Fact Checker. More about badges | Request a badge Washingtologist Badge Washingtologists consistently post thought-provoking, timely comments on events, communities, and trends in the Washington area. More about badges | Request a badge Post Writer Badge This commenter is a Washington Post editor, reporter or producer. Post Forum Badge Post Forum members consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on politics, national and international affairs. More about badges | Request a badge Weather Watcher Badge Weather Watchers consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on climates and forecasts. More about badges | Request a badge World Watcher Badge World Watchers consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on international affairs. More about badges | Request a badge Post Contributor Badge This commenter is a Washington Post contributor. Post contributors aren’t staff, but may write articles or columns. In some cases, contributors are sources or experts quoted in a story. More about badges | Request a badge Post Recommended Washington Post reporters or editors recommend this comment or reader post. You must be logged in to report a comment. Sign in here You must be logged in to recommend a comment. Sign in here Comments our editors find particularly useful or relevant are displayed in Top Comments, as are comments by users with these badges: . Replies to those posts appear here, as well as posts by staff writers. All comments are posted in the All Comments tab. More about badges Get a badge To pause and restart automatic updates, click "Live" or "Paused". If paused, you'll be notified of the number of additional comments that have come in. Comments our editors find particularly useful or relevant are displayed in Top Comments, as are comments by users with these badges: . Replies to those posts appear here, as well as posts by staff writers. Spam Offensive Disagree Off-Topic Among the criteria for featured comments: likes by users, replies by users, previous history of valuable commenting, and selection by moderators. Facebook Twitter Reddit StumbleUpon Digg Delicious Most Read 1 A full moon, lunar eclipse and comet all in one evening? It happens tonight. 2 Wind was not a factor in fatal Chesapeake Bay Bridge-Tunnel truck crash, authorities say 3 Protesters briefly block Education Secretary Betsy DeVos’s visit to a D.C. school 4 Federal judge: Courts ‘begging’ for evidence to support Trump’s travel ban 5 University apologizes ‘with heavy hearts and great embarrassment’ for Hitler Valentine’s Day card Our Online Games Play right from this page Mahjongg Dimensions Strategy game Spider Solitaire Card game Mahjongg Candy Strategy game Word Wipe Word game local public-safety Success! Check your inbox for details. Please enter a valid email address You might also like: Sign Up No Thanks See all newsletters More crime and safety news Man shot by D.C. officer had robbed woman at drug rehab center, court documents say Lawsuit alleges JPMorgan Chase bilks D.C. jurors with high debit card fees House fire in Northeast Washington leaves 2 people injured   Search Jobs Featured Jobs sr. research analyst Legal E ip transfer specialist Legal E docketing specialist Legal E washingtonpost.com © 1996-2017 The Washington Post   Help and Contact Us Terms of Service Privacy Policy Print Products Terms of Sale Digital Products Terms of Sale Submissions and Discussion Policy RSS Terms of Service Ad Choices Close video player Now Playing Read content from allstate Content from Allstate This content is paid for by an advertiser and published by WP BrandStudio. The Washington Post newsroom was not involved in the creation of this content. Learn more about WP BrandStudio. We went to the source. Here’s what matters to millennials. A state-by-state look at where Generation Y stands on the big issues.
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy   Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Southwest Airlines Company - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Southwest Airlines Company with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Blackrock Throgmorton Trust PLC (THRG) Increases Dividend to GBX 6.25 Per Share Pattern Energy Group Inc. (PEGI) Stock Rating Lowered by Zacks Investment Research Analysts Issue Forecasts for Akamai Technologies, Inc.’s Q1 2017 Earnings (AKAM) Allergan PLC. (AGN) Forecasted to Post Q1 2017 Earnings of $3.55 Per Share AngioDynamics, Inc. (ANGO) Receives $16.63 Average Target Price from Brokerages Sanatana Resources Inc (STA) Director Peter Leighton Miles Purchases 372,000 Shares of Stock Alexander & Baldwin Holdings, Inc. (ALEX) Director Stanley M. Kuriyama Sells 4,250 Shares Nicholas Financial, Inc. (NICK) Major Shareholder Magnolia Capital Fund, Lp Purchases 19,196 Shares Brokerages Anticipate Air Methods Corporation (AIRM) to Post $0.61 Earnings Per Share Owens Corning Inc (OC) Upgraded to Hold by Zacks Investment Research Avon Products, Inc. (AVP) Forecasted to Post Q1 2017 Earnings of $0.05 Per Share Analysts Offer Predictions for Camden Property Trust’s Q1 2017 Earnings (CPT) Jefferies Group Comments on CenturyLink, Inc.’s Q1 2017 Earnings (CTL) Brokerages Set Computer Programs and Systems, Inc. (CPSI) Price Target at $34.55 Seaport Global Securities Brokers Cut Earnings Estimates for Diamond Offshore Drilling, Inc. (DO) Daniel Kerzner Sells 36,000 Shares of Alarm.com Holdings, Inc. (ALRM) Stock Elissa Fink Sells 5,000 Shares of Tableau Software, Inc. (DATA) Stock Eaton Vance Tax-Managed Global Buy-Write (ETW) to Issue $0.10 Monthly Dividend Fiserv, Inc. to Post Q1 2017 Earnings of $1.18 Per Share, SunTrust Banks Forecasts (FISV) Marriott International (MAR) Receives $83.98 Average Target Price from Brokerages Cadence Capital Management LLC Increases Stake in Southwest Airlines Company (LUV) February 10th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Stacy Sanders Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Cadence Capital Management LLC raised its stake in Southwest Airlines Company (NYSE:LUV) by 5.1% during the fourth quarter, according to its most recent Form 13F filing with the SEC. The institutional investor owned 19,660 shares of the airline’s stock after buying an additional 947 shares during the period. Cadence Capital Management LLC’s holdings in Southwest Airlines Company were worth $980,000 at the end of the most recent quarter. Other institutional investors have also modified their holdings of the company. JPMorgan Chase & Co. boosted its position in shares of Southwest Airlines Company by 73.0% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 9,420,861 shares of the airline’s stock valued at $366,379,000 after buying an additional 3,975,382 shares in the last quarter. AQR Capital Management LLC boosted its position in shares of Southwest Airlines Company by 53.3% in the second quarter. AQR Capital Management LLC now owns 5,238,342 shares of the airline’s stock valued at $205,395,000 after buying an additional 1,821,829 shares in the last quarter. Russell Investments Group Ltd. acquired a new position in shares of Southwest Airlines Company during the fourth quarter valued at $47,448,000. Two Sigma Advisers LP boosted its position in shares of Southwest Airlines Company by 124.3% in the third quarter. Two Sigma Advisers LP now owns 1,703,032 shares of the airline’s stock valued at $66,231,000 after buying an additional 943,665 shares in the last quarter. Finally, Analytic Investors LLC boosted its position in shares of Southwest Airlines Company by 2,288.3% in the third quarter. Analytic Investors LLC now owns 932,339 shares of the airline’s stock valued at $36,259,000 after buying an additional 893,302 shares in the last quarter. 76.89% of the stock is owned by institutional investors. Shares of Southwest Airlines Company (NYSE:LUV) traded up 0.24% during midday trading on Friday, reaching $54.65. The company had a trading volume of 1,976,026 shares. The company has a market capitalization of $33.72 billion, a P/E ratio of 15.39 and a beta of 0.88. The company has a 50-day moving average price of $51.29 and a 200 day moving average price of $43.41. Southwest Airlines Company has a one year low of $35.09 and a one year high of $54.87. Southwest Airlines Company (NYSE:LUV) last announced its quarterly earnings data on Thursday, January 26th. The airline reported $0.75 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, topping the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of $0.70 by $0.05. The company had revenue of $5.10 billion for the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $5.03 billion. Southwest Airlines Company had a net margin of 10.97% and a return on equity of 29.79%. The business’s revenue was up 2.0% compared to the same quarter last year. During the same quarter in the previous year, the company posted $0.90 EPS. Equities analysts anticipate that Southwest Airlines Company will post $3.88 earnings per share for the current fiscal year. The company also recently announced a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Thursday, March 30th. Stockholders of record on Thursday, March 9th will be given a $0.10 dividend. This represents a $0.40 annualized dividend and a dividend yield of 0.73%. The ex-dividend date is Tuesday, March 7th. Southwest Airlines Company’s dividend payout ratio (DPR) is currently 11.33%. TRADEMARK VIOLATION WARNING: “Cadence Capital Management LLC Increases Stake in Southwest Airlines Company (LUV)” was posted by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are reading this story on another publication, it was illegally stolen and reposted in violation of United States & international copyright & trademark law. The original version of this story can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/02/10/cadence-capital-management-llc-increases-stake-in-southwest-airlines-company-luv.html. A number of research analysts recently commented on LUV shares. Citigroup Inc. restated a “buy” rating on shares of Southwest Airlines Company in a research report on Tuesday, December 6th. Vetr upgraded Southwest Airlines Company from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $52.66 price target on the stock in a report on Monday, December 26th. Zacks Investment Research upgraded Southwest Airlines Company from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $57.00 price target on the stock in a report on Tuesday, January 17th. Barclays PLC assumed coverage on Southwest Airlines Company in a report on Thursday, December 15th. They set an “equal weight” rating and a $65.00 price target on the stock. Finally, Morgan Stanley restated an “equal weight” rating on shares of Southwest Airlines Company in a report on Friday, December 16th. Four investment analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and fourteen have assigned a buy rating to the company’s stock. Southwest Airlines Company has a consensus rating of “Buy” and an average target price of $55.46. In other news, CFO Tammy Romo sold 9,655 shares of the stock in a transaction that occurred on Monday, January 30th. The stock was sold at an average price of $51.79, for a total value of $500,032.45. Following the completion of the sale, the chief financial officer now owns 77,937 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $4,036,357.23. The transaction was disclosed in a legal filing with the SEC, which is available at this link. Also, Director John T. Montford sold 510 shares of the stock in a transaction that occurred on Thursday, December 15th. The shares were sold at an average price of $50.93, for a total value of $25,974.30. Following the completion of the sale, the director now directly owns 23,715 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $1,207,804.95. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Over the last three months, insiders sold 24,699 shares of company stock worth $1,225,092. 0.18% of the stock is currently owned by insiders. About Southwest Airlines Company Southwest Airlines Co (Southwest) operates Southwest Airlines. Southwest is a passenger airline that provides scheduled air transportation in the United States and near-international markets. The Company serves approximately 100 destinations in over 40 states, such as the District of Columbia, the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico, and approximately seven near-international countries, including Mexico, Jamaica, The Bahamas, Aruba, Dominican Republic, Costa Rica, and Belize. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding LUV? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Southwest Airlines Company (NYSE:LUV). Receive News & Ratings for Southwest Airlines Company Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Southwest Airlines Company and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News White House Announces Conway Was Counseled Warren Receives Support After GOP Formally Silences Her Report: Trump Was Not Completely Briefed on Bannon NSC Seat Justice Department Will Challenge Stop to Travel Ban President Trump Cancels Harley-Davidson Trip Due to Possible Protests © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy   Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Cardtronics PLC - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Cardtronics PLC with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Blackrock Throgmorton Trust PLC (THRG) Increases Dividend to GBX 6.25 Per Share Pattern Energy Group Inc. (PEGI) Stock Rating Lowered by Zacks Investment Research Analysts Issue Forecasts for Akamai Technologies, Inc.’s Q1 2017 Earnings (AKAM) Allergan PLC. (AGN) Forecasted to Post Q1 2017 Earnings of $3.55 Per Share AngioDynamics, Inc. (ANGO) Receives $16.63 Average Target Price from Brokerages Sanatana Resources Inc (STA) Director Peter Leighton Miles Purchases 372,000 Shares of Stock Alexander & Baldwin Holdings, Inc. (ALEX) Director Stanley M. Kuriyama Sells 4,250 Shares Nicholas Financial, Inc. (NICK) Major Shareholder Magnolia Capital Fund, Lp Purchases 19,196 Shares Brokerages Anticipate Air Methods Corporation (AIRM) to Post $0.61 Earnings Per Share Owens Corning Inc (OC) Upgraded to Hold by Zacks Investment Research Avon Products, Inc. (AVP) Forecasted to Post Q1 2017 Earnings of $0.05 Per Share Analysts Offer Predictions for Camden Property Trust’s Q1 2017 Earnings (CPT) Jefferies Group Comments on CenturyLink, Inc.’s Q1 2017 Earnings (CTL) Brokerages Set Computer Programs and Systems, Inc. (CPSI) Price Target at $34.55 Seaport Global Securities Brokers Cut Earnings Estimates for Diamond Offshore Drilling, Inc. (DO) Daniel Kerzner Sells 36,000 Shares of Alarm.com Holdings, Inc. (ALRM) Stock Elissa Fink Sells 5,000 Shares of Tableau Software, Inc. (DATA) Stock Eaton Vance Tax-Managed Global Buy-Write (ETW) to Issue $0.10 Monthly Dividend Fiserv, Inc. to Post Q1 2017 Earnings of $1.18 Per Share, SunTrust Banks Forecasts (FISV) Marriott International (MAR) Receives $83.98 Average Target Price from Brokerages Arrowgrass Capital Partners US LP Has $6,725,000 Position in Cardtronics PLC (CATM) February 10th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Patrick Bannon Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Arrowgrass Capital Partners US LP increased its position in shares of Cardtronics PLC (NASDAQ:CATM) by 12.2% during the third quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The fund owned 150,793 shares of the company’s stock after buying an additional 16,423 shares during the period. Arrowgrass Capital Partners US LP’s holdings in Cardtronics PLC were worth $6,725,000 as of its most recent SEC filing. A number of other hedge funds and other institutional investors also recently made changes to their positions in the stock. JPMorgan Chase & Co. boosted its position in shares of Cardtronics PLC by 110.6% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 527,573 shares of the company’s stock worth $23,530,000 after buying an additional 5,492,732 shares during the last quarter. Prudential Financial Inc. boosted its position in shares of Cardtronics PLC by 675.1% in the third quarter. Prudential Financial Inc. now owns 935,302 shares of the company’s stock worth $41,714,000 after buying an additional 814,626 shares during the last quarter. Rothschild Asset Management Inc. bought a new position in shares of Cardtronics PLC during the third quarter worth about $15,271,000. Peregrine Capital Management LLC bought a new position in shares of Cardtronics PLC during the third quarter worth about $10,300,000. Finally, Vanguard Group Inc. boosted its position in shares of Cardtronics PLC by 5.3% in the second quarter. Vanguard Group Inc. now owns 4,102,929 shares of the company’s stock worth $163,338,000 after buying an additional 205,612 shares during the last quarter. Cardtronics PLC (NASDAQ:CATM) traded down 10.26% on Friday, hitting $45.67. The stock had a trading volume of 1,956,972 shares. Cardtronics PLC has a 52-week low of $28.79 and a 52-week high of $56.00. The company has a 50-day moving average price of $54.31 and a 200 day moving average price of $49.33. The firm has a market cap of $2.07 billion, a PE ratio of 26.82 and a beta of 0.76. Cardtronics PLC (NASDAQ:CATM) last announced its quarterly earnings data on Thursday, February 9th. The company reported $0.79 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, topping the consensus estimate of $0.78 by $0.01. Cardtronics PLC had a return on equity of 34.51% and a net margin of 6.19%. The company had revenue of $309.80 million for the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $308.59 million. During the same quarter in the prior year, the firm earned $0.71 earnings per share. Cardtronics PLC’s revenue was up 2.1% compared to the same quarter last year. Equities analysts forecast that Cardtronics PLC will post $3.25 earnings per share for the current fiscal year. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION WARNING: “Arrowgrass Capital Partners US LP Has $6,725,000 Position in Cardtronics PLC (CATM)” was reported by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are accessing this news story on another website, it was stolen and reposted in violation of U.S. & international trademark and copyright laws. The legal version of this news story can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/02/10/arrowgrass-capital-partners-us-lp-has-6725000-position-in-cardtronics-plc-catm.html. Several research firms have recently weighed in on CATM. Zacks Investment Research upgraded Cardtronics PLC from a “sell” rating to a “hold” rating in a research note on Wednesday, December 28th. Jefferies Group LLC restated a “buy” rating and issued a $52.00 price target on shares of Cardtronics PLC in a research note on Monday, December 5th. Finally, Wells Fargo & Company cut Cardtronics PLC from an “outperform” rating to a “market perform” rating in a research note on Wednesday, November 16th. Four analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and two have given a buy rating to the company. The stock has a consensus rating of “Hold” and an average target price of $51.25. In other Cardtronics PLC news, insider David Walker Dove sold 5,000 shares of the stock in a transaction on Friday, December 2nd. The stock was sold at an average price of $50.31, for a total transaction of $251,550.00. Following the sale, the insider now owns 37,416 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $1,882,398.96. The sale was disclosed in a legal filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which can be accessed through this hyperlink. Also, CEO Steven A. Rathgaber sold 6,000 shares of the stock in a transaction on Wednesday, January 4th. The shares were sold at an average price of $55.40, for a total value of $332,400.00. Following the sale, the chief executive officer now directly owns 273,350 shares in the company, valued at approximately $15,143,590. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. In the last three months, insiders sold 17,000 shares of company stock worth $910,890. 1.50% of the stock is owned by insiders. Cardtronics PLC Company Profile Cardtronics PLC, formerly Cardtronics, Inc, is a provider of automated consumer financial services. The Company provides these services through its network of automated teller machines (ATMs) and multi-function financial services kiosks. The Company’s operations consisted of its North America and Europe segments. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding CATM? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Cardtronics PLC (NASDAQ:CATM). Receive News & Ratings for Cardtronics PLC Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Cardtronics PLC and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News White House Announces Conway Was Counseled Warren Receives Support After GOP Formally Silences Her Report: Trump Was Not Completely Briefed on Bannon NSC Seat Justice Department Will Challenge Stop to Travel Ban President Trump Cancels Harley-Davidson Trip Due to Possible Protests © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
News Sports Entertainment Life Opinion Obituaries ePaper Cars Jobs Homes Classifieds log in Site Archive How Trump could dismantle Wall Street reform Friday Feb 10, 2017 at 12:28 PM Feb 10, 2017 at 12:28 PM Renae Merle The Washington Post For years, Wall Street has complained that restrictions placed on the industry after the financial crisis went too far and were too costly. Those concerns didn't generate much sympathy - until now. President Donald Trump has opened the door for sweeping changes to the way financial institutions - big and small - are regulated. He signed an executive order calling for a review of the laws that govern the U.S. financial system in an opening bid to upend the Dodd-Frank Act, the financial reform legislation passed in 2010. Banks and other financial institutions are dusting off their wish lists in hopes of trimming, if not killing, some of the most costly portions of the law. The country's biggest banks will spend $100 billion over the next five years complying with regulations, said Mike Mayo, a banking analyst with CLSA, a boutique investment firm. "Dodd-Frank was enacted to prevent another financial crisis," Mayo said. "And it was done quickly and with purpose, but it was not done efficiently for the industry." Of course, dismantling the legislation will not be easy. It took more than a year to pass and comprises hundreds of regulations issued by more than half a dozen agencies. Some pieces of the bill required the approval of several federal agencies and would be cumbersome to revisit. After hiring thousands of people to help digest the new rules, some big banks say they are not looking for another time-consuming change. Large financial institutions now must hold onto more capital, a measure of a bank's ability to absorb losses, and endure yearly "stress tests" to prove that they could survive economic calamity. But that hasn't stopped some from getting bigger anyway. JPMorgan Chase now has nearly $2.5 trillion in assets, up from about $2.2 trillion in 2008. Wells Fargo has grown even faster, now holding $1.9 trillion in assets compared with $1.3 trillion in 2008. "We're not asking for wholesale throwing outof Dodd-Frank," Jamie Dimon, chief executive of JPMorgan Chase, said at a financial services conference in December. James Gorman, chief executive of Morgan Stanley, told CNBC recently: "I'll be very clear about this, I'm not a fan of getting rid of Dodd-Frank." Rather than starting over, industry leaders say, they would rather tweak the framework Dodd-Frank created. Some of those changes will require congressional approval, but others may be easier to accomplish through the business-friendly regulators Trump is expected to appoint than by enduring a bruising battle in Congress. Small community banks, for example, are hoping regulators will more explicitly exempt them from cumbersome rules developed for Wall Street giants. "There is a lot that can be done with new personnel," said a senior financial industry official, who like others in this article spoke on the condition of anonymity in order to talk frankly. Even insiders wonder what is ahead. Here is a guide to the areas of Dodd-Frank most likely to be rolled back during the Trump administration: Restrictions on risky trading Dodd-Frank touches nearly every aspect of the way banks operate. But one of the most controversial ones has long been the so-called Volcker Rule, which aims to prevent large, federally insured banks from making risky financial bets. Financial institutions that make loans and collect consumer deposits, such as checking and savings accounts, shouldn't be taking on the same type of risks that hedge funds and private-equity firms may, supporters of the rules say. Limiting those activities help keep the financial system safer, they said. But problems began to mount as regulators tried to distinguish between speculative activities, known as "proprietary trading," which the rule intends to limit, and other types of activities such as "market-making," in which banks buy and sell securities to clients, or hedging, in which banks attempt to offset risk in their holdings. The banking industry says the rule, which is named after Paul Volcker, former chairman of the Federal Reserve, is too complex and has been improperly applied to small community banks. Dimon famously criticized the rule, saying regulators would need a psychiatrist to help determine whether a trade was proprietary. Dimon once famously warned that "for every trader, we are going to have to have a lawyer, compliance officer, doctor to see what their testosterone levels are, and a shrink - what is your intent?" "The intent behind the Volcker rule is a good one," Mayo said. "The execution is riddled with red tape, complexity and lawyers." But there is another factor: A 2014 report by the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency, a financial regulator, found that the rule would cost national banks as much as $4.3 billion to implement as they would have to sell some investments at a loss. That doesn't include the billions that banks would potentially lose by not being able to make these bets, industry officials say. Some Republicans want to ditch the provision all together, which would require legislation and is likely to spark a fierce fight with Democrats. But Steve Mnuchin, a former Goldman Sachs banker who Trump has nominated to be Treasury secretary, appears to be leaning toward coming up a compromise. "I support the Volcker Rule, but there needs to be proper definition around the Volcker Rule so banks can understand what they can do and what they can't do," Mnuchin told the Senate Banking Committee last month. The consumer watch dog One of the signature achievements of the Dodd-Frank law was the creation of a new agency: the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau. Since its creation, the CFPB has crafted hundreds of new rules for mortgage lenders, banks, credit card companies and other financial institutions. It has also repeatedly found itself in the crosshairs of Republicans in Congress. "The CFPB is arguably the most powerful, least accountable agency in U.S. history," Rep. Jeb Hensarling, R-Texas, head of the House Financial Services Committee, said in a Wall Street Journal column. "The agency defines its own powers and can launch investigations without cause, imposing virtually any fine or remedy, devoid of due process." The CFPB is led by one person, Richard Cordray, and is funded through fees collected by the Federal Reserve. That limits Congress' ability to provide oversight of the agency. If the CFPB was led by a bipartisan commission and funded by a congressional appropriation instead, for example, lawmakers could use that process to exert pressure on the agency to focus on different types of cases. Outrage at the agency has culminated in efforts by Republicans to urge Trump to fire Cordray before the end of his term next year. (Hensarling has proposed finding a way to defund the agency.) Democrats have mounted aggressive efforts to save Cordray's job, but adding to CFPB's problems is a federal appeals court decision last year that found the agency's structure unconstitutional. That decision is being appealed. While some industry officials and Republicans would like to get rid of the agency altogether, that appears unlikely. "This is a tricky one, there is a lot of bipartisan support for the [CFPB], there is no support to abolish the place," said the senior financial industry official. But "there is definitely some support for doing some governance" reform to change how it is run.  Executive compensation  Dodd-Frank also includes measures targeting the way corporate executives are paid. They are among the rules most despised by the business community and have already faced increased scrutiny. The legislation, for example, restricts the ability of banks to hand over large bonuses to executives who made risky bets on the markets - and gives them the right to claw them back after the fact. Industry officials have complained the rule is confusing and doesn't recognize the changes big banks have already made to their bonus structures. But, again, getting rid of this provision would require an act of Congress and would meet a lot of resistance from Democrats. In another case, Trump's acting Securities and Exchange Commission chairman Michael Piwowar is already acting. Piwowar has ordered a review of a rule that went into effect last month that requires companies to disclose how much their CEOs earn compared to their employees. The rule could reveal a potentially embarrassing disparity between the paydays of millions of workers and their top bosses. It is favored by labor groups, but is called unnecessary by the business community. "The point of this ratio is simply to advance an agenda that says executive compensation is too high and embarrass people," said Bill McLucas, a securities lawyer with WilmerHale, who spent eight years as SEC enforcement chief.  A powerful panel A change may also be coming for a powerful group created by the Dodd-Frank Act: the Financial Stability Oversight Council, or FSOC. It is comprised of the leaders of the country's primary financial regulators, including the SEC and Federal Reserve, and is led by the Treasury secretary. The council is tasked with identifying and attempting to address risks to the financial system before they can damage the economy. But banking industry officials have complained that FSOC is opaque and operates a "blunt instrument," according to one financial industry official. The panel is too focused on developing new rules rather than streamlining the ones already put in place, another said. Rather than doing away with FSOC, some industry officials want to see it change its focus and explain its decision making more explicitly. "There is a sense in the industry that it should be easier to understand what they are doing and why they are doing it," said David Portilla, a partner at Debevoise & Plimpton, who served as a senior policy adviser to FSOC in 2012 and 2013. "The administration could refocus FSOC on streamlining regulations rather than increasing regulatory burdens as it has been." Among FSOC's most contested powers is to designate a company as a "systemically important" financial institution - informally called "too big to fail" - and worthy of additional scrutiny because it could pose a grave risk to the economy in a crisis. In 2014, the panel added AIG, Prudential, General Electric's financing arm and MetLife to that list. None is a bank, but each is so large and complex, the council found, that if it failed it posed a danger to the financial system. MetLife sued, arguing that FSOC did not properly assess the insurer's financial strength, noting that the company does not engage in the type of risky behavior that could rattle the economy. Last year, a federal district judge sided with the New York-based firm. The case is being appealed, but the Trump administration could drop it or take other steps to loosen regulations of these firms. Community banks are ready for relief Dodd-Frank was designed primarily to rein in large Wall Street firms. But small and medium-size community banks say they have been crushed under new regulatory burdens since the financial crisis. A lot of community banks are in rural areas that Trump won, said Paul Merski of Independent Community Bankers of America. They are now looking to the Trump administration for relief, he said. "We kind of got swept up by the Wall Street meltdown," Merski said. The changes smaller banks want vary, but come down to a simple principle: They shouldn't face the same sort of rules as megabanks such as Goldman Sachs or Bank of America. "Regulation shouldn't be one size fits all," Merski said. "You shouldn't have the same regulatory burdens on a community bank, which has a simple business model, that you have in a trillion dollar institutions. If a community bank fails, it is not going to bring down the financial system." These banks, for example, want to raise the $50 billion asset threshold at which banks face tougher oversight. That should be raised to $250 billion, industry officials say. Also, the CFPB is considering a new rule requiring banks to comply with the same reporting requirements when making a small business loan as they do with a mortgage, Merski said. That extra paperwork, and the threat of facing prosecution or a fine if it is not filed correctly, will scare some banks away from making small business loans, he said. "If this could be stopped it would help a lot of people," Merski said. "Banks operate on a small margin, every penny of additional staff you have to hire" to keep up with new regulations hurts. Bankruptcy without disaster One of the clearest lessons of the financial crisis is just how difficult it is to put a large, complicated financial institution through bankruptcy. Under Dodd-Frank, troubled banks that are too complicated for the regular bankruptcy process would fall under the "Orderly Liquidation Authority." This provision gives a regulator the ability to declare a company's failure risky to the financial system and take over. The Federal Deposit Insurance Corp. would run the process rather than a judge and could lend the company funds and take other steps to prevent its financial problems from bleeding to the rest of the financial system. This provision also gives regulators the ability to collect fees from banks to recoup any costs incurred in unwinding the financial institution. That way taxpayers would not be stuck picking up the bill. But critics say the process is cumbersome and object to the collection of fees from other banks. Instead, they say, this provision of Dodd-Frank should be eliminated and the U.S. bankruptcy code should be updated to handle more complicated cases. "What matters more than anything, at this point, is that we figure out an approach to resolution that is not just a hope, and which will in fact reduce systemic fallout, said Kurt Schacht of CFA, an association of investment professionals. "We are concerned we are not there yet under" Dodd Frank Act. About Us Sign up for daily e-mail Subscribe Site Services Contact Us Advertise With Us Customer Service Place an ad Purchase a photo Archives Advertising/Classified Cars Homes Today's Ads Classifieds Obituaries Find Norwich jobs Community Info CtSunlight.org Connecticut tourism The Last Green Valley Sex Offender Registry Gas Buddy DOT traffic cameras Comcast Public Access Television Local Business Northeast Chamber of Commerce Greater Norwich Area Chamber of Commerce Chamber of Commerce of Eastern Connecticut Chamber of Commerce Inc. Windham Region Propel Marketing © Copyright 2006-2017 GateHouse Media, LLC. Some rights reserved  •  GateHouse News Original content available for non-commercial use under a Creative Commons license, except where noted. The Bulletin ~ 10 Railroad Place, Norwich, CT 06360 ~ Privacy Policy ~ Terms Of Service Close Home News Communities Police & Fire Court News Business Casinos Education Government Nation & World State News Shareable Databases Sports High School H.S. Sports Schedule Youth Sports UConn/College Sports Pro Sports Outdoors New England Pro Sports Sports Columnists Auto Racing Entertainment Books Celebrity News Movies Music TV Guide Theater Calendar Life Celebrations Faith Food Health Home & Garden Restaurant Reviews Columnists Family Pets Boomers Travel Opinion Editorials Letters Columns Cartoons Business Obituaries More Blogs Photos Videos Calendar Norwich Magazine ePaper Manage My Bulletin Chamber Directory Premium Editions Tundra Comic Branded Content Contests Subscriber ePaper Manage My Bulletin Customer Service Subscribe Market Place Advertise With Us Classifieds Find-N-Save Cars Jobs Homes Place an ad Propel Marketing Services Feedback Terms of Use Privacy Policy GateHouse Media Publications
Home About/Contact US Privacy Policy Staff Daily Email Updates Headlines Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Investing Brixmor Property Group Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Brixmor Property Group Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Recent Posts Fortive Corporation Forecasted to Earn FY2017 Earnings of $2.65 Per Share (FTV) Forage Orbit Garant Inc (OGD) Receives Outperform Market Weight Rating from National Bank Financial Alliance Data Systems Corporation (ADS) Director Roger H. Ballou Sells 648 Shares MarketAxess Holdings, Inc. (MKTX) CEO Richard M. Mcvey Sells 18,829 Shares PennyMac Financial Services, Inc. (PFSI) Insider Jeffrey Grogin Sells 9,000 Shares Goldman Sachs Group, Inc. (The) (GS) Vice Chairman Pablo J. Salame Sells 16,185 Shares of Stock Smith (A.O.) Corporation (AOS) VP Robert J. Heideman Sells 16,000 Shares Mullen Group Ltd (MTL) PT Lowered to C$21.50 Lancaster Colony Corporation (LANC) Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research to Hold AutoNation, Inc. (AN) Director Robert R. Grusky Sells 5,000 Shares of Stock Intel Corporation (INTC) Downgraded by Vetr Inc. to “Buy” First Interstate BancSystem, Inc. (FIBK) Director Randall I. Scott Sells 5,049 Shares of Stock Ciena Corporation (CIEN) CEO Gary B. Smith Sells 8,000 Shares of Stock Integer Holdings Co. (ITGR) Upgraded to Hold by Zacks Investment Research CommVault Systems, Inc. (CVLT) VP Brian Carolan Sells 9,508 Shares of Stock Marriott International (MAR) Position Lowered by Cobiz Wealth LLC Patterson Companies, Inc. (PDCO) Expected to Post Q3 2018 Earnings of $0.64 Per Share Urban Outfitters’ (URBN) “Outperform” Rating Reaffirmed at William Blair Del Taco Restaurants, Inc. (TACO) Position Increased by Frontier Capital Management Co. LLC Frontier Capital Management Co. LLC Sells 26,113 Shares of Coeur Mining, Inc. (CDE) Advantus Capital Management Inc Boosts Stake in Brixmor Property Group Inc. (BRX) Posted by Abby Graham on Feb 10th, 2017 // No Comments Tweet Advantus Capital Management Inc boosted its position in Brixmor Property Group Inc. (NYSE:BRX) by 45.7% during the third quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The institutional investor owned 680,500 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock after buying an additional 213,600 shares during the period. Advantus Capital Management Inc’s holdings in Brixmor Property Group were worth $18,911,000 as of its most recent SEC filing. A number of other institutional investors have also recently added to or reduced their stakes in the company. Cohen & Steers Inc. increased its position in Brixmor Property Group by 31.0% in the second quarter. Cohen & Steers Inc. now owns 37,044,411 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock worth $980,195,000 after buying an additional 8,757,021 shares in the last quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. increased its position in Brixmor Property Group by 57.7% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 17,377,280 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock worth $482,914,000 after buying an additional 6,354,821 shares in the last quarter. Daiwa Securities Group Inc. increased its position in Brixmor Property Group by 6.6% in the third quarter. Daiwa Securities Group Inc. now owns 17,374,299 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock worth $482,831,000 after buying an additional 1,079,670 shares in the last quarter. BlackRock Institutional Trust Company N.A. increased its position in Brixmor Property Group by 20.9% in the third quarter. BlackRock Institutional Trust Company N.A. now owns 9,382,077 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock worth $260,728,000 after buying an additional 1,620,899 shares in the last quarter. Finally, Lasalle Investment Management Securities LLC increased its position in Brixmor Property Group by 35.3% in the third quarter. Lasalle Investment Management Securities LLC now owns 8,427,309 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock worth $234,195,000 after buying an additional 2,199,913 shares in the last quarter. Shares of Brixmor Property Group Inc. (NYSE:BRX) traded up 0.884% on Friday, reaching $24.545. The company had a trading volume of 576,718 shares. The company’s 50-day moving average price is $24.36 and its 200-day moving average price is $25.93. The firm has a market capitalization of $7.47 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 30.991 and a beta of 0.54. Brixmor Property Group Inc. has a 52-week low of $22.33 and a 52-week high of $29.14. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION NOTICE: “Advantus Capital Management Inc Boosts Stake in Brixmor Property Group Inc. (BRX)” was published by Web Breaking News and is the property of of Web Breaking News. If you are accessing this news story on another site, it was copied illegally and republished in violation of US & international copyright and trademark laws. The correct version of this news story can be viewed at http://www.webbreakingnews.com/2017/02/10/advantus-capital-management-inc-boosts-stake-in-brixmor-property-group-inc-brx.html. A number of equities analysts recently commented on BRX shares. TheStreet upgraded Brixmor Property Group from a “sell” rating to a “hold” rating in a report on Monday, October 31st. Zacks Investment Research downgraded Brixmor Property Group from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating in a report on Thursday, October 27th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. upgraded Brixmor Property Group from a “neutral” rating to an “overweight” rating and set a $27.50 price target on the stock in a report on Friday, December 16th. Wells Fargo & Company upgraded Brixmor Property Group from a “market perform” rating to an “outperform” rating in a report on Monday, November 28th. Finally, Barclays PLC lowered their price target on Brixmor Property Group from $28.00 to $24.00 and set an “equal weight” rating on the stock in a report on Monday, January 23rd. Seven equities research analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and nine have given a buy rating to the stock. Brixmor Property Group currently has an average rating of “Buy” and a consensus target price of $27.79. In other news, Director John Schreiber purchased 10,000 shares of Brixmor Property Group stock in a transaction that occurred on Friday, November 18th. The stock was acquired at an average cost of $23.70 per share, for a total transaction of $237,000.00. Following the purchase, the director now directly owns 5,000 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $118,500. The transaction was disclosed in a filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is available at this hyperlink. Also, insider Steven F. Siegel sold 6,000 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction on Friday, December 30th. The shares were sold at an average price of $24.31, for a total value of $145,860.00. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. 0.22% of the stock is currently owned by insiders. Brixmor Property Group Company Profile Brixmor Property Group Inc and subsidiaries (collectively BPG) is an internally managed real estate investment trust (REIT). Brixmor Operating Partnership LP and subsidiaries (collectively, the Operating Partnership) is the entity through which BPG conducts its operations and owns its assets. BPG owns 100% of the common stock of BPG Subsidiary Inc (BPG Sub), which is the sole member of Brixmor OP GP LLC (the General Partner), the sole general partner of the Operating Partnership. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding BRX? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Brixmor Property Group Inc. (NYSE:BRX). Receive News & Ratings for Brixmor Property Group Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Brixmor Property Group Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter. « Previous Advantus Capital Management Inc Has $17,047,000 Stake in Extra Space Storage Inc (EXR) Next » Ventas, Inc. (VTR) Stake Boosted by Advantus Capital Management Inc Latest News Nike Suspends Relationship with Maria Sharapova Rob Bironas Ex-Titans Kicker Dies in Car Crash Ron Washington Leaves Texas Rangers Due to an Affair Jonathan Dwyer Falls in Line with Other Banned NFL Players Tony Stewart Case Going to the Grand Jury Oscar Pistorius “Blade Runner” Found Not Guilty of Murder Leave a Reply Click here to cancel reply. Name (Required) Mail (will not be published) (Required) Website   Home Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Headlines Investing © 2006-2017 Web Breaking News.
24/7 Wall St. - Insightful Analysis and Commentary for U.S. and Global Equity Investors Search this site Business Aerospace & Defense Autos Banking & Finance Commodities & Metals Consumer Products Energy Healthcare Industrials Infrastructure Media Retail Services Technology Apps & Software Consumer Electronics Telecom & Wireless Apple Inc. Facebook Google Investing Analyst Upgrades Bankruptcy Buffett Corporate Governance Corporate Performance Dividends and Buybacks Earnings ETFs and Mutual Funds International Markets IPOs and Secondaries Mergers and Acquisitions Personal Finance Rumors Value Investing Economy Energy Government Regulation Healthcare Housing Jobs Special Report Brands and Products Cities Countries States JPMorgan Stays Bullish on 5 Red-Hot Semiconductor Stocks By Lee Jackson February 10, 2017 10:25 am EST Print Email Tweet Despite performance that has been absolutely off the charts over the past almost two years, one area of technology that continues to flourish is the semiconductor space, and with good reason. Industry experts say the segment is being pushed along at full speed by rapid growth in the merchant networking silicon and the optical markets. Industry leaders also feel that 100G connectivity speeds will be in full effect this year, while 400G is expected by late 2018 or most likely by 2019. JPMorgan’s Harlan Sur and his outstanding team once again attended the annual Linley Cloud Hardware Conference in California this year. In a new research report, they noted that while challenges always exist within the sector, the path forward is very positive, and many of the companies that the analysts have rated as Overweight look to benefit from the data center market innovation. Here are five companies that really stand out now. Broadcom This stock has been on a roll over the past year and is expected to trade even higher. Broadcom Ltd. (NASDAQ: AVGO) is a leading designer, developer and global supplier of a broad range of analog and digital semiconductor connectivity solutions. Its extensive product portfolio serves four primary end markets: wired infrastructure, wireless communications, enterprise storage and industrial and other. Applications for the company’s products in these end markets include data center networking, home connectivity, broadband access, telecommunications equipment, smartphones and base stations, data center servers and storage, factory automation, power generation and alternative energy systems and displays. The company produces radio frequency (RF) front-end for LTE-enabled Apple products. Wall Street estimates that the company does 15% of its total business with Apple. Top Wall Street analysts like the leadership in the mobile, data center and broadband markets, and especially in the RF arena. Many on Wall Street see a cyclical rebound in industrial and communications demand. The analysts are also very positive on the company benefiting on the ramp to both the Tomahawk and the Tomahawk 2 and routing silicon Jericho and Qumran. Facebook is expected to use the company’s Tomahawk switching chip in the Voyager project. The Kalia, Qumran-AX and Qumran-UX families of products are complementary to Broadcom’s high-capacity StrataDNX Jericho and Qumran-MX SoCs. Together they provide the industry’s most comprehensive end-to-end portfolio of switching solutions across the carrier, data center and enterprise markets. Shareholders are paid a 2% dividend. The JPMorgan price target for the stock is $230, and the Wall Street consensus target IS 216.23. The shares closed most recently at $205.34. Cavium This stock has been a Wall Street favorite for some time and could be another great addition to tech portfolios. Cavium Inc. (NASDAQ: CAVM) designs, develops and markets semiconductor processors for intelligent and secure networks in the United States and internationally. It offers integrated semiconductor processors for wired and wireless networking, communications, storage, cloud, wireless, security, video and connected home and office applications. The company’s products also include a suite of embedded security protocols that enable unified threat management, secure connectivity, network perimeter protection and deep packet inspection. Arista networks recently announced a new programmable switch, the 7160 Series, which uses the new XPliant XP80 chipset from Cavium. Cavium purchased Xpliant in 2014, and the purchase has paid off handsomely. JPMorgan has a $75 price target for the shares. The posted consensus target is $72.38. The shares closed trading on Thursday at $65.08. Intel This leader in semiconductors is working hard to scale away from dependence on personal computers. Intel Corp. (NASDAQ: INTC) designs, manufactures and sells integrated digital technology platforms worldwide. The company’s platforms are used in various computing applications comprising notebooks, two-in-one systems, desktops, servers, tablets, smartphones, wireless and wired connectivity products, wearables, retail devices and manufacturing devices, as well as for retail, transportation, industrial, buildings, home use and other market segments. The company also provides communication and connectivity offerings, such as baseband processors, radio frequency transceivers and power management integrated circuits, and tablet, phone and Internet of Things solutions, which include multimode 4G LTE modems, Bluetooth technology and GPS receivers, software solutions and interoperability tests, as well as home gateway and set-top box components. Intel posted fiscal fourth-quarter earnings that were flat compared to the previous year, as well as revenue that was up 1%. But both the top and bottom lines exceeded the consensus analysts’ estimates posted at Thomson Reuters. Intel investors are paid a solid 2.93% dividend. The $44 JPMorgan price target compares with the consensus target of $40.09. The stock closed Thursday at $35.46 a share. Inphi This company also is a strong contender in the data center arena. Inphi Corp. (NYSE: IPHI) provides high-speed analog and mixed signal semiconductor solutions for the communications, data center and computing markets worldwide. The company’s end-to-end data transport platform delivers high signal integrity at leading-edge data speeds, addressing performance and bandwidth bottlenecks in networks, from fiber to memory. Inphi has solutions to minimize latency in computing environments and enable the roll-out of next-generation communications infrastructure. Many on Wall Street feel that cloud data center customers are more likely to embrace Inphi’s exciting 100G products like the PAM-4 solutions, ColorZ and others. The company is expected to roll out 200G this year and 400G soon after. JPMorgan has set its price target at $59, above the consensus target of $56.21 and the most recent closing share price of $48.71. MACOM Technology This is a company that has been the subject of takeover chatter over the past year. MACOM Technology Holdings Corp. (NASDAQ: MTSI) supplies key enabling technologies for the cloud connected apps economy and modern networked battlefield. Recognized for its broad catalog portfolio of technologies and products, MACOM provides high-performance analog RF, microwave, millimeter wave and photonic semiconductor products for diverse applications, ranging from high-speed optical, satellite, wired and wireless networks to military and civil radar systems. Many on Wall Street feel the company’s acquisition of Applied Micro was a very solid addition to existing product lines. The analysts noted in the report: MACOM has demonstrated working 100G PAM4 optical links (with the use of MACOM Linear Drivers and TIAs) which would be suitable for 400G in 4x100G configuration. The JPMorgan price target is set a $54. The consensus target is $53.73, and the stock closed Thursday at $45.44 a share. I'm interested in the Newsletter Get Newsletter terms and conditions   While the trend for cloud-related semiconductor suppliers is clearly higher, and the forward possibilities are tremendous, it may make sense to edge capital in at intervals and see if we don’t get a pullback in the markets. By Lee Jackson « Major Biotechs Scare Off Loads of Short Sellers 10 Overlooked Risks in Boeing’s 2016 Annual Report » Read more: Technology, semiconductors, Avago Technologies (NASDAQ:AVGO), Cavium Networks, Inc. (NASDAQ:CAVM), Intel (NASDAQ:INTC) Free Daily Newsletter Subscribe Terms & Conditions Sponsors Popular States With the Highest (and Lowest) Gas Taxes The 25 Healthiest Cities in America Merrill Lynch Has 4 Stocks Rated Buy With Yields of 8% and More The Richest Town in Every State The Biggest Company the Year You Were Born Recent Biostage, Fossil Group Tumble into Friday’s 52-Week Low Club Caterpillar, Nike Push Dow Higher Friday 20 Groceries Driving Up Your Bill the Most Is Your Valentine True? Warning About Costly Sweetheart Swindles Get Quote for: Symbol Lookup Search Apple, Inc. CEO Tim Cook Talks Up Augmented Reality's Potential (Again) Infinera's Sales Fall, but the Bottom Might Be in Sight Console Wars 2017: Will Sony or Microsoft Win? Nasdaq Composite Index logs an all-time closing high of 5,734, up 0.3% S&P 500 closes up 0.4% at a record close of 2,316 Dow finishes at a record 2,270, up 0.5% Will Health Insurers Face the Music of Trump's Policies? Dow 30 Stock Roundup: Coca-Cola, Disney, Visa Beat on Earnings QuickLogic (QUIK) to Post Q4 Earnings: What's in the Cards? Top Federal Reserve official resigns as bank deregulation looms Energy stocks look for catalyst out of doldrums Senators question Goldman Sachs on its role in Trump banking policy Mexico gets Trump's trade ire. Japan and Germany, a pass Apple, Inc. CEO Tim Cook Talks Up Augmented Reality's Potential (Again) Wall Street Week Ahead: Energy Stocks Look for Catalyst out of Doldrums 'I Am Jazz' Transgender Doll To Debut At NYC Toy Fair Bay Area Floats 'Sanctuary In Transit Policy' To Protect Commuting Immigrants T.J. Maxx Customers And Employees Sound Off On Ivanka Trump Home About Us Disclaimer and Terms of Use Privacy Policy Contact Us Advertise AOL-HuffPost Money & Finance ©2017 24/7 Wall St. | Powered by WordPress.com VIP
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy   Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Concho Resources Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Concho Resources Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News D. E. Shaw & Co. Inc. Increases Position in IPG Photonics Corporation (IPGP) Nabors Industries Ltd. (NBR) Shares Sold by Gotham Asset Management LLC Gotham Asset Management LLC Buys New Stake in WEX Inc. (WEX) Gotham Asset Management LLC Purchases 69,332 Shares of The Finish Line, Inc. (FINL) 34,933 Shares in Avery Dennison Corporation (AVY) Acquired by Gotham Asset Management LLC Clinton Group Inc. Has $1,007,000 Stake in Commercial Metals Company (CMC) Ontario Teachers Pension Plan Board Sells 749 Shares of Camden Property Trust (CPT) Ontario Teachers Pension Plan Board Invests $509,000 in Boyd Gaming Corporation (BYD) Ontario Teachers Pension Plan Board Invests $509,000 in Boyd Gaming Corporation (BYD) UBS Group AG Sells 8,120 Shares of Cooper Companies, Inc. (The) (COO) UBS Group AG Cuts Position in ServisFirst Bancshares, Inc. (SFBS) 224,710 Shares in Tenneco Inc. (TEN) Acquired by The Manufacturers Life Insurance Company The Manufacturers Life Insurance Company Takes Position in Pinnacle Financial Partners, Inc. (PNFP) 603,635 Shares in Provident Financial Services, Inc (PFS) Acquired by The Manufacturers Life Insurance Company The Manufacturers Life Insurance Company Buys Shares of 302,522 Fastenal Company (FAST) The Manufacturers Life Insurance Company Invests $11,963,000 in Cabot Oil & Gas Corporation (COG) Zacks Investment Research Upgrades Jive Software, Inc. (JIVE) to Buy UBS Group AG Sells 35,584 Shares of RR Donnelley & Sons Co (RRD) PRA Health Sciences, Inc. (PRAH) Shares Sold by UBS Group AG PRA Health Sciences, Inc. (PRAH) Shares Sold by UBS Group AG Concho Resources Inc. (CXO) Position Maintained by CQS Cayman LP February 10th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Patrick Bannon Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet CQS Cayman LP held its position in Concho Resources Inc. (NYSE:CXO) during the third quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The firm owned 8,000 shares of the company’s stock at the end of the third quarter. CQS Cayman LP’s holdings in Concho Resources were worth $1,098,000 as of its most recent SEC filing. A number of other hedge funds and other institutional investors have also added to or reduced their stakes in CXO. JPMorgan Chase & Co. boosted its stake in shares of Concho Resources by 43.6% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 5,144,449 shares of the company’s stock worth $706,590,000 after buying an additional 1,561,545 shares in the last quarter. Capital Research Global Investors boosted its stake in shares of Concho Resources by 10.8% in the second quarter. Capital Research Global Investors now owns 14,270,430 shares of the company’s stock worth $1,702,034,000 after buying an additional 1,388,475 shares in the last quarter. TIAA CREF Investment Management LLC boosted its stake in shares of Concho Resources by 39.6% in the third quarter. TIAA CREF Investment Management LLC now owns 4,120,419 shares of the company’s stock worth $565,940,000 after buying an additional 1,169,713 shares in the last quarter. Standard Life Investments LTD boosted its stake in shares of Concho Resources by 143.1% in the third quarter. Standard Life Investments LTD now owns 1,663,885 shares of the company’s stock worth $228,502,000 after buying an additional 979,311 shares in the last quarter. Finally, Passport Capital LLC purchased a new stake in shares of Concho Resources during the second quarter worth approximately $52,241,000. 97.25% of the stock is owned by institutional investors and hedge funds. Shares of Concho Resources Inc. (NYSE:CXO) traded up 1.19% during mid-day trading on Friday, reaching $141.52. 431,691 shares of the company’s stock were exchanged. Concho Resources Inc. has a one year low of $84.45 and a one year high of $147.55. The stock has a 50-day moving average of $137.22 and a 200 day moving average of $133.73. The firm’s market capitalization is $19.95 billion. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION WARNING: “Concho Resources Inc. (CXO) Position Maintained by CQS Cayman LP” was first posted by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are viewing this report on another website, it was illegally stolen and reposted in violation of U.S. & international copyright & trademark legislation. The correct version of this report can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/02/10/concho-resources-inc-cxo-position-maintained-by-cqs-cayman-lp.html. A number of analysts have recently issued reports on the stock. Zacks Investment Research upgraded shares of Concho Resources from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $142.00 target price for the company in a research note on Friday, November 4th. RBC Capital Markets restated a “buy” rating and set a $165.00 target price on shares of Concho Resources in a research note on Wednesday, January 4th. Barclays PLC restated a “buy” rating on shares of Concho Resources in a research note on Friday, January 27th. Seaport Global Securities upgraded shares of Concho Resources from an “accumulate” rating to a “buy” rating in a research note on Friday, December 9th. Finally, KLR Group upgraded shares of Concho Resources from an “accumulate” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $176.00 target price for the company in a research note on Friday, January 20th. One investment analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, seven have issued a hold rating and sixteen have assigned a buy rating to the company’s stock. The stock presently has an average rating of “Buy” and a consensus target price of $148.68. In other news, CAO Brenda R. Schroer sold 1,800 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Wednesday, November 23rd. The shares were sold at an average price of $138.04, for a total value of $248,472.00. Following the transaction, the chief accounting officer now owns 8,060 shares in the company, valued at $1,112,602.40. The sale was disclosed in a document filed with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which can be accessed through the SEC website. Also, VP E Joseph Wright sold 28,000 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Tuesday, January 17th. The stock was sold at an average price of $135.15, for a total transaction of $3,784,200.00. Following the completion of the transaction, the vice president now owns 164,381 shares in the company, valued at approximately $22,216,092.15. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Insiders sold 75,950 shares of company stock worth $10,275,844 in the last 90 days. Company insiders own 1.20% of the company’s stock. Concho Resources Company Profile Concho Resources Inc is an independent oil and natural gas company engaged in the acquisition, development and exploration of oil and natural gas properties. The Company’s operations are focused in the Permian Basin of Southeast New Mexico and West Texas, an onshore oil and natural gas basin in the United States. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding CXO? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Concho Resources Inc. (NYSE:CXO). Receive News & Ratings for Concho Resources Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Concho Resources Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News White House Announces Conway Was Counseled Warren Receives Support After GOP Formally Silences Her Report: Trump Was Not Completely Briefed on Bannon NSC Seat Justice Department Will Challenge Stop to Travel Ban President Trump Cancels Harley-Davidson Trip Due to Possible Protests © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact US Privacy Policy Staff Daily Email Updates Headlines Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Investing Edison International - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Edison International with our FREE daily email newsletter: Recent Posts Advantus Capital Management Inc Has $58,045,000 Position in Public Storage (PSA) Thomaspartners Inc. Has $364,000 Position in General Dynamics Corporation (GD) HM Payson & Co. Has $15,367,000 Stake in Twenty-First Century Fox, Inc. (FOX) HM Payson & Co. Has $13,499,000 Stake in Tyler Technologies, Inc. (TYL) SunOpta, Inc. (STKL) Position Increased by Empyrean Capital Partners LP Godshalk Welsh Capital Management Inc. Buys 10,100 Shares of Diebold, Incorporated (DBD) Godshalk Welsh Capital Management Inc. Has $524,000 Position in V.F. Corporation (VFC) McKesson Corporation (MCK) Shares Bought by Godshalk Welsh Capital Management Inc. Novartis AG (NVS) Stake Boosted by Thomaspartners Inc. Thomaspartners Inc. Increases Position in Raytheon Company (RTN) MutualFirst Financial Inc. (MFSF) Lifted to Buy at Zacks Investment Research Oaktree Capital Group, LLC (OAK) Lifted to “Buy” at Zacks Investment Research Sasol Ltd. (SSL) Given Consensus Recommendation of “Buy” by Analysts William Blair Brokers Lower Earnings Estimates for Church & Dwight Company, Inc. (CHD) Broadcom Limited (AVGO) Given Average Recommendation of “Buy” by Brokerages Godshalk Welsh Capital Management Inc. Sells 100 Shares of Aqua America, Inc. (WTR) Exelon Corporation (EXC) Given Average Recommendation of “Buy” by Brokerages Aegis Increases IAC/InterActiveCorp (IAC) Price Target to $86.00 Advantus Capital Management Inc Acquires 8,900 Shares of Equinix, Inc. (EQIX) Ventas, Inc. (VTR) Stake Boosted by Advantus Capital Management Inc Edison International (EIX) Position Held by Natixis Asset Management Posted by William Strong on Feb 10th, 2017 // No Comments Tweet Natixis Asset Management held its position in Edison International (NYSE:EIX) during the third quarter, according to its most recent disclosure with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). The institutional investor owned 26,185 shares of the company’s stock at the end of the third quarter. Natixis Asset Management’s holdings in Edison International were worth $1,892,000 at the end of the most recent reporting period. Other hedge funds and other institutional investors also recently bought and sold shares of the company. JPMorgan Chase & Co. increased its position in Edison International by 8.2% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 17,550,763 shares of the company’s stock worth $1,268,042,000 after buying an additional 1,327,608 shares in the last quarter. Lord Abbett & CO. LLC increased its position in shares of Edison International by 81.7% in the second quarter. Lord Abbett & CO. LLC now owns 2,460,224 shares of the company’s stock valued at $191,086,000 after buying an additional 1,106,314 shares in the last quarter. Alliancebernstein L.P. increased its position in shares of Edison International by 18.2% in the second quarter. Alliancebernstein L.P. now owns 4,735,708 shares of the company’s stock valued at $367,822,000 after buying an additional 728,925 shares in the last quarter. Numeric Investors LLC increased its position in shares of Edison International by 36.2% in the second quarter. Numeric Investors LLC now owns 2,430,600 shares of the company’s stock valued at $188,785,000 after buying an additional 645,700 shares in the last quarter. Finally, Nordea Investment Management AB increased its position in shares of Edison International by 144.5% in the third quarter. Nordea Investment Management AB now owns 1,083,673 shares of the company’s stock valued at $78,295,000 after buying an additional 640,453 shares in the last quarter. Hedge funds and other institutional investors own 81.75% of the company’s stock. Shares of Edison International (NYSE:EIX) traded down 0.07% during midday trading on Friday, reaching $74.71. The company had a trading volume of 142,195 shares. The company has a 50 day moving average of $72.21 and a 200 day moving average of $72.22. The company has a market capitalization of $24.34 billion, a PE ratio of 27.70 and a beta of 0.15. Edison International has a one year low of $61.50 and a one year high of $78.72. The company also recently disclosed a quarterly dividend, which was paid on Tuesday, January 31st. Shareholders of record on Friday, December 30th were given a dividend of $0.5425 per share. This represents a $2.17 annualized dividend and a yield of 2.90%. This is a boost from Edison International’s previous quarterly dividend of $0.48. The ex-dividend date of this dividend was Wednesday, December 28th. Edison International’s payout ratio is presently 80.67%. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY NOTICE: “Edison International (EIX) Position Held by Natixis Asset Management” was first posted by Web Breaking News and is owned by of Web Breaking News. If you are viewing this report on another site, it was illegally stolen and reposted in violation of international trademark & copyright legislation. The correct version of this report can be accessed at http://www.webbreakingnews.com/2017/02/10/edison-international-eix-position-held-by-natixis-asset-management.html. Several brokerages have recently commented on EIX. Evercore ISI reiterated a “hold” rating on shares of Edison International in a research note on Friday, January 20th. Barclays PLC reduced their target price on Edison International from $77.00 to $76.00 and set an “equal weight” rating for the company in a research note on Wednesday. Zacks Investment Research upgraded Edison International from a “sell” rating to a “hold” rating in a research note on Wednesday. Finally, RBC Capital Markets set a $81.00 target price on Edison International and gave the stock a “buy” rating in a research note on Wednesday, January 4th. Nine investment analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and four have assigned a buy rating to the stock. Edison International has a consensus rating of “Hold” and an average price target of $77.73. In other Edison International news, insider Ronald L. Litzinger sold 38,086 shares of Edison International stock in a transaction that occurred on Tuesday, November 15th. The stock was sold at an average price of $69.40, for a total transaction of $2,643,168.40. Following the sale, the insider now directly owns 12,054 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $836,547.60. The transaction was disclosed in a legal filing with the SEC, which is accessible through this hyperlink. Insiders own 1.51% of the company’s stock. About Edison International Edison International is the parent holding company of Southern California Edison Company (SCE). SCE is engaged in the business of supplying and delivering electricity to an approximately 50,000 square mile area of southern California. It is also the parent company of subsidiaries that are engaged in competitive businesses focused on providing energy services to commercial and industrial customers, including distributed resources, engaging in transmission opportunities, and exploring distributed water treatment and recycling. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding EIX? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Edison International (NYSE:EIX). Receive News & Ratings for Edison International Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Edison International and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter. « Previous Natixis Asset Management Purchases Shares of 39,650 ConAgra Foods Inc. (CAG) Next » AWM Investment Company Inc. Invests $1,664,000 in Castlight Health, inc. (CSLT) Latest News Nike Suspends Relationship with Maria Sharapova Rob Bironas Ex-Titans Kicker Dies in Car Crash Ron Washington Leaves Texas Rangers Due to an Affair Jonathan Dwyer Falls in Line with Other Banned NFL Players Tony Stewart Case Going to the Grand Jury Oscar Pistorius “Blade Runner” Found Not Guilty of Murder Leave a Reply Click here to cancel reply. Name (Required) Mail (will not be published) (Required) Website   Home Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Headlines Investing © 2006-2017 Web Breaking News.
2 Desktop notifications are on   | Turn off Get breaking news alerts from The Washington Post Turn on desktop notifications? Yes Not now It looks like you've previously blocked notifications. Please update your browser permissions to allow them. Sections Sign In Username Subscribe Accessibility for screenreader Home Page U.S. & World | Regional Politics PowerPost The Fix White House Courts and Law Polling Monkey Cage Fact Checker Post Politics Blog Opinions The Post's View Toles Cartoons Telnaes Animations Local Opinions Global Opinions Letters to the Editor Act Four All Opinions Are Local Book Party Compost Erik Wemple Five Myths In Theory The Plum Line PostEverything PostPartisan Rampage Right Turn The Watch Volokh Conspiracy DemocracyPost Sports Redskins NFL MLB NBA NHL AllMetSports Soccer Boxing/MMA College Sports College Football College Basketball D.C. Sports Bog Early Lead Fancy Stats Golf Tennis Fantasy Sports Local D.C. Maryland Virginia Public Safety Education Obituaries Transportation Weather National Acts of Faith Health and Science National Security Investigations Morning Mix Post Nation True Crime Obituaries World Africa The Americas Asia and Pacific Europe Middle East National Security WorldViews Checkpoint Business Wonkblog On Leadership Personal Finance Digger Energy and Environment Markets On Small Business World Business Capital Business Tech Innovations The Switch Lifestyle Arts and Entertainment Advice Carolyn Hax Food Travel Wellness Magazine Home and Garden Inspired Life Fashion KidsPost On Parenting Reliable Source The Intersect Solo-ish Entertainment Books Comics Comic Riffs Going Out Guide Horoscopes Movies Museums Music Puzzles and Games Theater and Dance TV Restaurants Bars & Clubs Crosswords Video World Top News Entertainment Local Popular Video Politics Live Sports Opinions National Business Technology Style Podcasts Photography In Sight Washington Post Live Events Live Chats Real Estate Rentals Where We Live Recently Sold Homes Cars Jobs Classifieds Partners Express Parade WP BrandStudio washingtonpost.com 1996-2017 The Washington Post Terms of Service Privacy Policy Submissions and Discussion Policy RSS Terms of Service Ad Choices Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on Google Plus Share via Email Share on LinkedIn Share on Pinterest Share on Tumblr Resize Text Print Article Comments0 The inside track on Washington politics. Be the first to know about new stories from PowerPost. Sign up to follow, and we’ll e-mail you free updates as they’re published. You’ll receive free e-mail news updates each time a new story is published. You’re all set! Sign up *Invalid email address Got it Got it Business Here’s how Trump could dismantle Wall Street reform The inside track on Washington politics. Be the first to know about new stories from PowerPost. Sign up to follow, and we’ll e-mail you free updates as they’re published. You’ll receive free e-mail news updates each time a new story is published. You’re all set! Sign up *Invalid email address Got it Got it By Renae Merle By Renae Merle February 10 at 10:18 AM Follow @renaemerle (Patrick George for The Washington Post) For years, Wall Street has complained that restrictions placed on the industry after the financial crisis went too far and were too costly. Those concerns didn’t generate much sympathy — until now. President Trump has opened the door for sweeping changes to the way financial institutions — big and small — are regulated. He signed an executive order calling for a review of the laws that govern the U.S. financial system in an opening bid to upend the Dodd-Frank Act, the financial overhaul passed in 2010. Banks and other financial institutions are dusting off their wish lists in hopes of trimming, if not killing, some of the most costly portions of the law. The country’s biggest banks will spend $100 billion over the next five years complying with regulations, said Mike Mayo, a banking analyst with CLSA, a boutique investment firm. “Dodd-Frank was enacted to prevent another financial crisis,” Mayo said. “And it was done quickly and with purpose, but it was not done efficiently for the industry.” Of course, dismantling the legislation will not be easy. It took more than a year to pass and is composed of hundreds of regulations issued by more than half a dozen agencies. Some pieces of the bill required the approval of several federal agencies and would be cumbersome to revisit. After hiring thousands of people to help digest the new rules, some big banks say they are not looking for another time-consuming change. Large financial institutions now must hold onto more capital, a measure of a bank’s ability to absorb losses, and endure yearly “stress tests” to prove that they could survive economic calamity. But that hasn’t stopped some from getting bigger anyway. JPMorgan Chase now has nearly $2.5 trillion in assets, up from about $2.2 trillion in 2008. Wells Fargo has grown even faster, now holding $1.9 trillion in assets compared with $1.3 trillion in 2008. “We’re not asking for wholesale throwing out of Dodd-Frank,” Jamie Dimon, chief executive of ­JPMorgan Chase, said at a financial services conference in December. James Gorman, chief executive of Morgan Stanley, told CNBC recently, “I’ll be very clear about this: I’m not a fan of getting rid of Dodd-Frank.” Rather than starting over, industry leaders say, they would rather tweak the framework Dodd-Frank created. Some of those changes will require congressional approval, but others may be easier to accomplish through the business-friendly regulators Trump is expected to appoint than by enduring a bruising battle in Congress. Small community banks, for example, are hoping regulators will more explicitly exempt them from cumbersome rules developed for Wall Street giants. “There is a lot that can be done with new personnel,” said a senior financial industry official, who like others in this article spoke on the condition of anonymity to talk frankly. Even insiders wonder what is ahead. Here is a guide to the areas of Dodd-Frank most likely to be rolled back during the Trump administration: (Patrick George for The Washington Post) Restrictions on risky trading Dodd-Frank touches nearly every aspect of the way banks operate. But one of the most controversial ones has long been what is known as the Volcker Rule, which aims to prevent large, federally insured banks from making risky financial bets. Financial institutions that make loans and collect consumer deposits, such as checking and savings accounts, shouldn’t be taking on the same type of risks that hedge funds and private-equity firms may, supporters of the rules say. Limiting those activities helps keep the financial system safer, they said. But problems began to mount as regulators tried to distinguish between speculative activities, known as “proprietary trading,” which the rule intends to limit, and other types of activities such as “market-making,” in which banks buy and sell securities to clients, or hedging, in which banks attempt to offset risk in their holdings. The banking industry says the rule, which is named after Paul Volcker, former chairman of the Federal Reserve, is too complex and has been improperly applied to small community banks. Dimon famously criticized the rule, saying regulators would need a psychiatrist to help determine whether a trade was proprietary. Dimon once famously warned that “for every trader, we are going to have to have a lawyer, compliance officer, doctor to see what their testosterone levels are, and a shrink — what is your intent?” “The intent behind the Volcker rule is a good one,” Mayo said. “The execution is riddled with red tape, complexity and lawyers.” But there is another factor: A 2014 report by the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency, a financial regulator, found that the rule would cost national banks as much as $4.3 billion to implement as they would have to sell some investments at a loss. That doesn’t include the billions that banks would potentially lose by not being able to make these bets, industry officials say. Some Republicans want to ditch the provision all together, which would require legislation and is likely to spark a fierce fight with Democrats. But Steve Mnuchin, a former Goldman Sachs banker who Trump has nominated to be treasury secretary, appears to be leaning toward coming up with a compromise. “I support the Volcker Rule, but there needs to be proper definition around the Volcker Rule so banks can understand what they can do and what they can’t do,” Mnuchin told the Senate Banking Committee last month. (Patrick George for The Washington Post) The consumer watchdog One of the signature achievements of the Dodd-Frank law was the creation of a new agency: the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau. Since its creation, the CFPB has crafted hundreds of new rules for mortgage lenders, banks, credit card companies and other financial institutions. It has also repeatedly found itself in the crosshairs of Republicans in Congress. “The CFPB is arguably the most powerful, least accountable agency in U.S. history,” Rep. Jeb Hensarling (R-Tex.), head of the House Financial Services Committee, said in a Wall Street Journal column. “The agency defines its own powers and can launch investigations without cause, imposing virtually any fine or remedy, devoid of due process.” The CFPB is led by one person, Richard Cordray, and is funded through fees collected by the Federal Reserve. That limits Congress’s ability to provide oversight of the agency. If the CFPB was led by a bipartisan commission and funded by a congressional appropriation instead, for example, lawmakers could use that process to exert pressure on the agency to focus on different types of cases. Outrage at the agency has culminated in efforts by Republicans to urge Trump to fire Cordray before the end of his term next year. (Hensarling has proposed finding a way to defund the agency.) Democrats have mounted aggressive efforts to save Cordray’s job, but adding to the CFPB’s problems is a federal appeals court decision last year that found the agency’s structure unconstitutional. That decision is being appealed. While some industry officials and Republicans would like to get rid of the agency altogether, that appears unlikely. “This is a tricky one, there is a lot of bipartisan support for the [CFPB]; there is no support to abolish the place,” said the senior financial industry official. But “there is definitely some support for doing some governance” reform to change how it is run. (Patrick George for The Washington Post) Executive compensation Dodd-Frank also includes measures targeting the way corporate executives are paid. They are among the rules most despised by the business community and have already faced increased scrutiny. The legislation, for example, restricts the ability of banks to hand over large bonuses to executives who made risky bets on the markets — and gives them the right to claw them back after the fact. Industry officials have complained the rule is confusing and doesn’t recognize the changes big banks have already made to their bonus structures. But, again, getting rid of this provision would require an act of Congress and would meet a lot of resistance from Democrats. In another case, Trump’s acting Securities and Exchange Commission chairman Michael Piwowar is already acting. Piwowar has ordered a review of a rule that went into effect last month that requires companies to disclose how much their CEOs earn compared to their employees. The rule could reveal a potentially embarrassing disparity between the paydays of millions of workers and their top bosses. It is favored by labor groups but is called unnecessary by the business community. “The point of this ratio is simply to advance an agenda that says executive compensation is too high and embarrass people,” said Bill McLucas, a securities lawyer with WilmerHale, who spent eight years as SEC enforcement chief. (Patrick George for The Washington Post) A powerful panel A change may also be coming for a powerful group created by the Dodd-Frank Act: the Financial Stability Oversight Council, or FSOC. It is composed of the leaders of the country’s primary financial regulators, including the SEC and Federal Reserve, and is led by the treasury secretary. The council is tasked with identifying and attempting to address risks to the financial system before they can damage the economy. But banking industry officials have complained that the FSOC is opaque and operates a “blunt instrument,” according to one financial industry official. The panel is too focused on developing new rules rather than streamlining the ones already put in place, another said. Rather than doing away with the FSOC, some industry officials want to see it change its focus and explain its decision-making more explicitly. “There is a sense in the industry that it should be easier to understand what they are doing and why they are doing it,” said David Portilla, a partner at Debevoise & Plimpton, who served as a senior policy adviser to the FSOC in 2012 and 2013. “The administration could refocus FSOC on streamlining regulations rather than increasing regulatory burdens as it has been.” Among the FSOC’s most contested powers is to designate a company as a “systemically important” financial institution — informally called “too big to fail” — and worthy of additional scrutiny because it could pose a grave risk to the economy in a crisis. In 2014, the panel added AIG, Prudential, General Electric’s financing arm and MetLife to that list. None is a bank, but each is so large and complex, the council found, that if it failed it posed a danger to the financial system. MetLife sued, arguing that the FSOC did not properly assess the insurer’s financial strength, noting that the company does not engage in the type of risky behavior that could rattle the economy. Last year, a federal district judge sided with the New York-based firm. The case is being appealed, but the Trump administration could drop it or take other steps to loosen regulations of these firms. (Patrick George for The Washington Post) Community banks are ready for relief Dodd-Frank was designed primarily to rein in large Wall Street firms. But small and medium-size community banks say they have been crushed under new regulatory burdens since the financial crisis. A lot of community banks are in rural areas that Trump won, said Paul Merski of Independent Community Bankers of America. They are now looking to the Trump administration for relief, he said. “We kind of got swept up by the Wall Street meltdown,” Merski said. The changes smaller banks want vary, but come down to a simple principle: They shouldn’t face the same sort of rules as megabanks such as Goldman Sachs or Bank of America. “Regulation shouldn’t be one size fits all,” Merski said. “You shouldn’t have the same regulatory burdens on a community bank, which has a simple business model, that you have in a trillion-dollar institution. If a community bank fails, it is not going to bring down the financial system.” These banks, for example, want to raise the $50 billion asset threshold at which banks face tougher oversight. That should be raised to $250 billion, industry officials say. Also, the CFPB is considering a new rule requiring banks to comply with the same reporting requirements when making a small-business loan as they do with a mortgage, Merski said. That extra paperwork, and the threat of facing prosecution or a fine if it is not filed correctly, will scare some banks away from making small-business loans, he said. “If this could be stopped it would help a lot of people,” Merski said. “Banks operate on a small margin, every penny of additional staff you have to hire” to keep up with new regulations hurts. Bankruptcy without disaster One of the clearest lessons of the financial crisis is just how difficult it is to put a large, complicated financial institution through bankruptcy. Under Dodd-Frank, troubled banks that are too complicated for the regular bankruptcy process would fall under the “Orderly Liquidation Authority.” This provision gives a regulator the ability to declare a company’s failure risky to the financial system and take over. The Federal Deposit Insurance Corp. would run the process rather than a judge and could lend the company funds and take other steps to prevent its financial problems from bleeding to the rest of the financial system. This provision also gives regulators the ability to collect fees from banks to recoup any costs incurred in unwinding the financial institution. That way taxpayers would not be stuck picking up the bill. But critics say the process is cumbersome and object to the collection of fees from other banks. Instead, they say, this provision of Dodd-Frank should be eliminated and the U.S. bankruptcy code should be updated to handle more complicated cases. “What matters more than anything, at this point, is that we figure out an approach to resolution that is not just a hope, and which will in fact reduce systemic fallout,” said Kurt Schacht of CFA, an association of investment professionals. “We are concerned we are not there yet” under the Dodd-Frank Act. business economy true Please provide a valid email address. Sign up You’re all set! See all newsletters 0 Comments  Share on FacebookShare   Share on TwitterTweet Share via Email Renae Merle covers white collar crime and Wall Street for The Washington Post. Follow @renaemerle TOP STORIES Hundreds arrested in immigration enforcement raids in at least six states The raids marked the first large-scale enforcement of Trump’s order to crack down on the millions of immigrants living here illegally. The actions, which officials said targeted known criminals, also netted some immigrants who did not have criminal records — an apparent departure from Obama administration policy. By Lisa Rein, Abigail Hauslohner and Sandhya Somashekhar 8 hours ago Trump considers ‘brand new’ travel ban, taking battle to Supreme Court After an appeals court declined to reinstate the immigration order, White House and Justice Department officials began mulling options: Rewriting the order to restore some aspects of the ban, waging battle in lower courts or taking the case to the Supreme Court. The administration faces a difficult fight to restore the ban but, Trump said, “We will win that battle.” By Matt Zapotosky, Philip Rucker and Rachel Weiner 9 hours ago Republicans tight-lipped on court decision against Trump’s travel ban In bid to contain fallout, Flynn talks with Pence over discussions about sanctions on Russia The vice president had apparently relied on inaccurate accounts from the national security adviser before denying sanctions were discussed with the Russian ambassador. By Greg Miller 6 hours ago The Fix: How much trouble is Flynn in? Listen ‘I would draw a line in the sand’ (Video: Peter Stevenson/Post; photo: AP) Anger over Trump agenda erupts at GOP lawmakers’ town halls Massive demonstrations by constituents are an early indication of how progressive opposition movements are mobilizing. The size and tone of the crowds are feeding Republicans’ worries and Democrats’ view that the GOP agenda, coupled with President Trump’s tone and missteps, have activated voters who may have sat out previous elections. By Kelsey Snell, Paul Schwartzman, Steve Friess and David Weigel 10 hours ago Kellyanne Conway hires a chief of staff, a move that asserts her influence in Trump’s White House By hiring Renee Hudson, a top aide to Rep. Todd Rokita (R-Ind.), Conway is asserting and perhaps growing her influence in the White House, where a coterie of top advisers has been competing for Trump’s ear and over the shape of his agenda. By Philip Rucker and Ashley Parker 7 hours ago The Fix: Add to the list of what Trump is shaking up: Handshakes Analysis: Once again, Trump claims fraud cost him an electoral win. This time, it’s New Hampshire. Share news tips with us confidentially Do you have information the public should know? Here are some ways you can securely send information and documents to Post journalists. Learn more 0 Show Comments Discussion Policy 0 Comments SuperFan Badge SuperFan badge holders consistently post smart, timely comments about Washington area sports and teams. More about badges | Request a badge Culture Connoisseur Badge Culture Connoisseurs consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on the arts, lifestyle and entertainment. More about badges | Request a badge Fact Checker Badge Fact Checkers contribute questions, information and facts to The Fact Checker. More about badges | Request a badge Washingtologist Badge Washingtologists consistently post thought-provoking, timely comments on events, communities, and trends in the Washington area. More about badges | Request a badge Post Writer Badge This commenter is a Washington Post editor, reporter or producer. Post Forum Badge Post Forum members consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on politics, national and international affairs. More about badges | Request a badge Weather Watcher Badge Weather Watchers consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on climates and forecasts. More about badges | Request a badge World Watcher Badge World Watchers consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on international affairs. More about badges | Request a badge Post Contributor Badge This commenter is a Washington Post contributor. Post contributors aren’t staff, but may write articles or columns. In some cases, contributors are sources or experts quoted in a story. More about badges | Request a badge Post Recommended Washington Post reporters or editors recommend this comment or reader post. You must be logged in to report a comment. Sign in here You must be logged in to recommend a comment. Sign in here Comments our editors find particularly useful or relevant are displayed in Top Comments, as are comments by users with these badges: . Replies to those posts appear here, as well as posts by staff writers. All comments are posted in the All Comments tab. More about badges Get a badge To pause and restart automatic updates, click "Live" or "Paused". If paused, you'll be notified of the number of additional comments that have come in. Comments our editors find particularly useful or relevant are displayed in Top Comments, as are comments by users with these badges: . Replies to those posts appear here, as well as posts by staff writers. Spam Offensive Disagree Off-Topic Among the criteria for featured comments: likes by users, replies by users, previous history of valuable commenting, and selection by moderators. Facebook Twitter Reddit StumbleUpon Digg Delicious Most Read 1 How Canada is trying to capitalize on Trump’s immigration executive order 2 The Latest: Patriots owner joins Trump, Abe for dinner 3 NASA took on an unprecedented study of Greenland’s melting. Now, the data are coming in 4 Why Whole Foods is now struggling 5 Temperatures in the Arctic are skyrocketing — for the third time this winter Market Watch DJIA 0.48% NASDAQ 0.33% Get quote Last Update: 02/11/2017(DJIA&NASDAQ) Our Online Games Play right from this page Mahjongg Dimensions Strategy game Spider Solitaire Card game Mahjongg Candy Strategy game Word Wipe Word game business economy Success! Check your inbox for details. Please enter a valid email address You might also like: Sign Up No Thanks See all newsletters washingtonpost.com © 1996-2017 The Washington Post   Help and Contact Us Terms of Service Privacy Policy Print Products Terms of Sale Digital Products Terms of Sale Submissions and Discussion Policy RSS Terms of Service Ad Choices Close video player Now Playing Read content from allstate Content from Allstate This content is paid for by an advertiser and published by WP BrandStudio. The Washington Post newsroom was not involved in the creation of this content. Learn more about WP BrandStudio. We went to the source. Here’s what matters to millennials. A state-by-state look at where Generation Y stands on the big issues.
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy   Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance IBERIABANK Corporation - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for IBERIABANK Corporation with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Blackrock Throgmorton Trust PLC (THRG) Increases Dividend to GBX 6.25 Per Share Pattern Energy Group Inc. (PEGI) Stock Rating Lowered by Zacks Investment Research Analysts Issue Forecasts for Akamai Technologies, Inc.’s Q1 2017 Earnings (AKAM) Allergan PLC. (AGN) Forecasted to Post Q1 2017 Earnings of $3.55 Per Share AngioDynamics, Inc. (ANGO) Receives $16.63 Average Target Price from Brokerages Sanatana Resources Inc (STA) Director Peter Leighton Miles Purchases 372,000 Shares of Stock Alexander & Baldwin Holdings, Inc. (ALEX) Director Stanley M. Kuriyama Sells 4,250 Shares Nicholas Financial, Inc. (NICK) Major Shareholder Magnolia Capital Fund, Lp Purchases 19,196 Shares Brokerages Anticipate Air Methods Corporation (AIRM) to Post $0.61 Earnings Per Share Owens Corning Inc (OC) Upgraded to Hold by Zacks Investment Research Avon Products, Inc. (AVP) Forecasted to Post Q1 2017 Earnings of $0.05 Per Share Analysts Offer Predictions for Camden Property Trust’s Q1 2017 Earnings (CPT) Jefferies Group Comments on CenturyLink, Inc.’s Q1 2017 Earnings (CTL) Brokerages Set Computer Programs and Systems, Inc. (CPSI) Price Target at $34.55 Seaport Global Securities Brokers Cut Earnings Estimates for Diamond Offshore Drilling, Inc. (DO) Daniel Kerzner Sells 36,000 Shares of Alarm.com Holdings, Inc. (ALRM) Stock Elissa Fink Sells 5,000 Shares of Tableau Software, Inc. (DATA) Stock Eaton Vance Tax-Managed Global Buy-Write (ETW) to Issue $0.10 Monthly Dividend Fiserv, Inc. to Post Q1 2017 Earnings of $1.18 Per Share, SunTrust Banks Forecasts (FISV) Marriott International (MAR) Receives $83.98 Average Target Price from Brokerages IBERIABANK Corporation (IBKC) Position Held by Irving Magee Investment Management February 10th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Jeff Wilder Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Irving Magee Investment Management held its position in shares of IBERIABANK Corporation (NASDAQ:IBKC) during the third quarter, according to its most recent Form 13F filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). The firm owned 44,406 shares of the company’s stock at the end of the third quarter. Irving Magee Investment Management’s holdings in IBERIABANK Corporation were worth $2,981,000 at the end of the most recent quarter. Other hedge funds and other institutional investors have also modified their holdings of the company. JPMorgan Chase & Co. raised its position in shares of IBERIABANK Corporation by 17.1% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 1,199,591 shares of the company’s stock worth $80,517,000 after buying an additional 175,199 shares in the last quarter. Channing Capital Management LLC raised its position in shares of IBERIABANK Corporation by 0.7% in the second quarter. Channing Capital Management LLC now owns 954,129 shares of the company’s stock worth $56,990,000 after buying an additional 6,478 shares in the last quarter. BlackRock Investment Management LLC raised its position in shares of IBERIABANK Corporation by 0.6% in the third quarter. BlackRock Investment Management LLC now owns 178,055 shares of the company’s stock worth $11,951,000 after buying an additional 994 shares in the last quarter. Bank of New York Mellon Corp raised its position in shares of IBERIABANK Corporation by 8.8% in the third quarter. Bank of New York Mellon Corp now owns 795,706 shares of the company’s stock worth $53,407,000 after buying an additional 64,282 shares in the last quarter. Finally, UBS Asset Management Americas Inc. raised its position in shares of IBERIABANK Corporation by 7.1% in the third quarter. UBS Asset Management Americas Inc. now owns 27,335 shares of the company’s stock worth $1,835,000 after buying an additional 1,817 shares in the last quarter. 75.02% of the stock is currently owned by institutional investors. Shares of IBERIABANK Corporation (NASDAQ:IBKC) opened at 83.15 on Friday. IBERIABANK Corporation has a 52 week low of $43.93 and a 52 week high of $91.10. The firm has a market capitalization of $3.72 billion, a P/E ratio of 19.34 and a beta of 1.22. The stock’s 50 day moving average price is $82.97 and its 200 day moving average price is $74.03. The company also recently disclosed a quarterly dividend, which was paid on Friday, January 27th. Shareholders of record on Saturday, December 31st were given a dividend of $0.36 per share. This represents a $1.44 annualized dividend and a yield of 1.74%. The ex-dividend date of this dividend was Wednesday, December 28th. IBERIABANK Corporation’s payout ratio is 33.49%. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY WARNING: “IBERIABANK Corporation (IBKC) Position Held by Irving Magee Investment Management” was posted by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are accessing this article on another domain, it was illegally copied and republished in violation of US and international trademark & copyright law. The legal version of this article can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/02/10/iberiabank-corporation-ibkc-position-held-by-irving-magee-investment-management.html. IBKC has been the topic of several research reports. Zacks Investment Research raised IBERIABANK Corporation from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $92.00 target price on the stock in a research report on Tuesday. Iberia Capital lowered IBERIABANK Corporation from a “strong-buy” rating to an “outperform” rating and cut their target price for the stock from $78.00 to $72.00 in a research report on Thursday, October 27th. Sandler O’Neill raised IBERIABANK Corporation from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating in a research report on Friday, December 2nd. FBR & Co set a $73.00 target price on IBERIABANK Corporation and gave the stock a “buy” rating in a research report on Sunday, October 30th. Finally, JMP Securities initiated coverage on IBERIABANK Corporation in a research report on Thursday, February 2nd. They issued a “mkt perform” rating on the stock. Two analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and eight have given a buy rating to the company. The company currently has an average rating of “Buy” and an average target price of $72.50. In other news, CEO Daryl G. Byrd sold 13,256 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction on Monday, November 14th. The shares were sold at an average price of $75.00, for a total transaction of $994,200.00. Following the transaction, the chief executive officer now directly owns 200,080 shares in the company, valued at approximately $15,006,000. The transaction was disclosed in a filing with the SEC, which is available at this hyperlink. Also, Vice Chairman Michael J. Brown sold 10,000 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction on Friday, December 9th. The shares were sold at an average price of $88.90, for a total transaction of $889,000.00. Following the transaction, the insider now owns 109,217 shares in the company, valued at $9,709,391.30. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Over the last quarter, insiders have sold 33,147 shares of company stock worth $2,728,631. Corporate insiders own 3.17% of the company’s stock. IBERIABANK Corporation Company Profile IBERIABANK Corporation is a financial holding company. The Company is the holding company for IBERIABANK, a Louisiana banking corporation; Lenders Title Company, an Arkansas-chartered title insurance and closing services agency; IBERIA Capital Partners, LLC, a corporate finance services firm; 1887 Leasing, LLC, a holding company for its aircraft; IBERIA Asset Management, Inc, which provides wealth management and trust services to high net worth individuals, pension funds, corporations and trusts; 840 Denning, LLC, which invests in a commercial rental property, and IBERIA CDE LLC., which invests in purchased tax credits. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding IBKC? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for IBERIABANK Corporation (NASDAQ:IBKC). Receive News & Ratings for IBERIABANK Corporation Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for IBERIABANK Corporation and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News White House Announces Conway Was Counseled Warren Receives Support After GOP Formally Silences Her Report: Trump Was Not Completely Briefed on Bannon NSC Seat Justice Department Will Challenge Stop to Travel Ban President Trump Cancels Harley-Davidson Trip Due to Possible Protests © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy   Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Rio Tinto plc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Rio Tinto plc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Blackrock Throgmorton Trust PLC (THRG) Increases Dividend to GBX 6.25 Per Share Pattern Energy Group Inc. (PEGI) Stock Rating Lowered by Zacks Investment Research Analysts Issue Forecasts for Akamai Technologies, Inc.’s Q1 2017 Earnings (AKAM) Allergan PLC. (AGN) Forecasted to Post Q1 2017 Earnings of $3.55 Per Share AngioDynamics, Inc. (ANGO) Receives $16.63 Average Target Price from Brokerages Sanatana Resources Inc (STA) Director Peter Leighton Miles Purchases 372,000 Shares of Stock Alexander & Baldwin Holdings, Inc. (ALEX) Director Stanley M. Kuriyama Sells 4,250 Shares Nicholas Financial, Inc. (NICK) Major Shareholder Magnolia Capital Fund, Lp Purchases 19,196 Shares Brokerages Anticipate Air Methods Corporation (AIRM) to Post $0.61 Earnings Per Share Owens Corning Inc (OC) Upgraded to Hold by Zacks Investment Research Avon Products, Inc. (AVP) Forecasted to Post Q1 2017 Earnings of $0.05 Per Share Analysts Offer Predictions for Camden Property Trust’s Q1 2017 Earnings (CPT) Jefferies Group Comments on CenturyLink, Inc.’s Q1 2017 Earnings (CTL) Brokerages Set Computer Programs and Systems, Inc. (CPSI) Price Target at $34.55 Seaport Global Securities Brokers Cut Earnings Estimates for Diamond Offshore Drilling, Inc. (DO) Daniel Kerzner Sells 36,000 Shares of Alarm.com Holdings, Inc. (ALRM) Stock Elissa Fink Sells 5,000 Shares of Tableau Software, Inc. (DATA) Stock Eaton Vance Tax-Managed Global Buy-Write (ETW) to Issue $0.10 Monthly Dividend Fiserv, Inc. to Post Q1 2017 Earnings of $1.18 Per Share, SunTrust Banks Forecasts (FISV) Marriott International (MAR) Receives $83.98 Average Target Price from Brokerages Rio Tinto plc (RIO) Price Target Raised to GBX 4,000 February 10th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Patrick Bannon Filed Under: Analyst Articles - UK - Finance Tweet Rio Tinto plc (LON:RIO) had its price target boosted by JPMorgan Chase & Co. from GBX 3,800 ($47.33) to GBX 4,000 ($49.83) in a report issued on Tuesday morning. JPMorgan Chase & Co. currently has an overweight rating on the stock. A number of other analysts have also recently issued reports on RIO. Jefferies Group LLC increased their target price on Rio Tinto plc from GBX 3,600 ($44.84) to GBX 3,800 ($47.33) and gave the stock a buy rating in a research note on Tuesday, December 20th. Citigroup Inc. set a GBX 3,300 ($41.11) target price on Rio Tinto plc and gave the stock a neutral rating in a research note on Monday, December 5th. Liberum Capital reissued a sell rating and set a GBX 2,130 ($26.53) target price on shares of Rio Tinto plc in a research note on Thursday, December 15th. BNP Paribas reissued a neutral rating and set a GBX 3,400 ($42.35) target price on shares of Rio Tinto plc in a research note on Monday, January 23rd. Finally, Deutsche Bank AG set a GBX 3,780 ($47.09) target price on Rio Tinto plc and gave the stock a buy rating in a research note on Monday, December 19th. One analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, nine have assigned a hold rating and fourteen have assigned a buy rating to the company. Rio Tinto plc presently has a consensus rating of Buy and an average price target of GBX 3,345.57 ($41.67). Rio Tinto plc (LON:RIO) opened at 3503.50 on Tuesday. The company’s market cap is GBX 63.02 billion. The stock has a 50 day moving average of GBX 3,258.39 and a 200-day moving average of GBX 2,780.23. Rio Tinto plc has a 52-week low of GBX 1,604.50 and a 52-week high of GBX 3,685.00. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY NOTICE: “Rio Tinto plc (RIO) Price Target Raised to GBX 4,000” was first published by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are reading this article on another website, it was copied illegally and reposted in violation of U.S. and international copyright law. The legal version of this article can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/02/10/rio-tinto-plc-rio-price-target-raised-to-gbx-4000.html. The company also recently declared a dividend, which will be paid on Thursday, April 6th. Stockholders of record on Thursday, February 23rd will be paid a dividend of GBX 100.56 ($1.25) per share. This represents a dividend yield of 2.98%. This is a positive change from Rio Tinto plc’s previous dividend of $33.80. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Thursday, February 23rd. In related news, insider Jean-Sébastien Jacques acquired 11 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Tuesday, January 17th. The shares were bought at an average cost of GBX 3,451 ($42.99) per share, with a total value of £379.61 ($472.86). Rio Tinto plc Company Profile Rio Tinto plc is a mining company. The Company focuses on finding, mining, processing and marketing the Earth’s mineral resources. The Company’s segments include aluminum, copper and coal, diamonds and minerals, and iron ore. The Company’s aluminum business includes bauxite mines, alumina refineries and aluminum smelters. Receive News & Ratings for Rio Tinto plc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Rio Tinto plc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News White House Announces Conway Was Counseled Warren Receives Support After GOP Formally Silences Her Report: Trump Was Not Completely Briefed on Bannon NSC Seat Justice Department Will Challenge Stop to Travel Ban President Trump Cancels Harley-Davidson Trip Due to Possible Protests © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy   Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance TJX Companies Inc. (The) - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for TJX Companies Inc. (The) with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Blackrock Throgmorton Trust PLC (THRG) Increases Dividend to GBX 6.25 Per Share Pattern Energy Group Inc. (PEGI) Stock Rating Lowered by Zacks Investment Research Analysts Issue Forecasts for Akamai Technologies, Inc.’s Q1 2017 Earnings (AKAM) Allergan PLC. (AGN) Forecasted to Post Q1 2017 Earnings of $3.55 Per Share AngioDynamics, Inc. (ANGO) Receives $16.63 Average Target Price from Brokerages Sanatana Resources Inc (STA) Director Peter Leighton Miles Purchases 372,000 Shares of Stock Alexander & Baldwin Holdings, Inc. (ALEX) Director Stanley M. Kuriyama Sells 4,250 Shares Nicholas Financial, Inc. (NICK) Major Shareholder Magnolia Capital Fund, Lp Purchases 19,196 Shares Brokerages Anticipate Air Methods Corporation (AIRM) to Post $0.61 Earnings Per Share Owens Corning Inc (OC) Upgraded to Hold by Zacks Investment Research Avon Products, Inc. (AVP) Forecasted to Post Q1 2017 Earnings of $0.05 Per Share Analysts Offer Predictions for Camden Property Trust’s Q1 2017 Earnings (CPT) Jefferies Group Comments on CenturyLink, Inc.’s Q1 2017 Earnings (CTL) Brokerages Set Computer Programs and Systems, Inc. (CPSI) Price Target at $34.55 Seaport Global Securities Brokers Cut Earnings Estimates for Diamond Offshore Drilling, Inc. (DO) Daniel Kerzner Sells 36,000 Shares of Alarm.com Holdings, Inc. (ALRM) Stock Elissa Fink Sells 5,000 Shares of Tableau Software, Inc. (DATA) Stock Eaton Vance Tax-Managed Global Buy-Write (ETW) to Issue $0.10 Monthly Dividend Fiserv, Inc. to Post Q1 2017 Earnings of $1.18 Per Share, SunTrust Banks Forecasts (FISV) Marriott International (MAR) Receives $83.98 Average Target Price from Brokerages TJX Companies, Inc. (The) (TJX) Position Raised by Lakeview Capital Partners LLC February 10th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Latisha Jones Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Lakeview Capital Partners LLC raised its position in shares of TJX Companies, Inc. (The) (NYSE:TJX) by 10.9% during the third quarter, according to its most recent 13F filing with the SEC. The fund owned 4,226 shares of the apparel and home fashions retailer’s stock after buying an additional 414 shares during the period. Lakeview Capital Partners LLC’s holdings in TJX Companies, Inc. (The) were worth $316,000 at the end of the most recent reporting period. Other hedge funds and other institutional investors have also added to or reduced their stakes in the company. BlackRock Institutional Trust Company N.A. boosted its position in TJX Companies, Inc. (The) by 3.6% in the second quarter. BlackRock Institutional Trust Company N.A. now owns 18,773,971 shares of the apparel and home fashions retailer’s stock worth $1,449,914,000 after buying an additional 652,818 shares in the last quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. raised its stake in shares of TJX Companies, Inc. (The) by 28.5% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 13,526,285 shares of the apparel and home fashions retailer’s stock worth $1,011,496,000 after buying an additional 2,996,299 shares during the last quarter. BlackRock Fund Advisors raised its stake in shares of TJX Companies, Inc. (The) by 2.6% in the third quarter. BlackRock Fund Advisors now owns 10,334,613 shares of the apparel and home fashions retailer’s stock worth $772,822,000 after buying an additional 260,401 shares during the last quarter. Wells Fargo & Company MN raised its stake in shares of TJX Companies, Inc. (The) by 1.6% in the third quarter. Wells Fargo & Company MN now owns 8,824,457 shares of the apparel and home fashions retailer’s stock worth $659,893,000 after buying an additional 139,311 shares during the last quarter. Finally, BlackRock Group LTD raised its stake in shares of TJX Companies, Inc. (The) by 7.4% in the second quarter. BlackRock Group LTD now owns 7,408,654 shares of the apparel and home fashions retailer’s stock worth $572,170,000 after buying an additional 507,970 shares during the last quarter. Hedge funds and other institutional investors own 87.50% of the company’s stock. Shares of TJX Companies, Inc. (NYSE:TJX) opened at 76.26 on Friday. The stock’s 50 day moving average is $75.59 and its 200 day moving average is $76.49. TJX Companies, Inc. has a 52 week low of $67.81 and a 52 week high of $83.64. The firm has a market cap of $49.71 billion, a P/E ratio of 22.34 and a beta of 0.70. TJX Companies, Inc. (The) (NYSE:TJX) last posted its earnings results on Tuesday, November 15th. The apparel and home fashions retailer reported $0.91 earnings per share for the quarter, beating the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of $0.87 by $0.04. The business had revenue of $8.29 billion for the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $8.23 billion. TJX Companies, Inc. (The) had a net margin of 7.00% and a return on equity of 53.12%. The business’s quarterly revenue was up 6.9% on a year-over-year basis. During the same quarter in the previous year, the business posted $0.86 EPS. On average, equities research analysts predict that TJX Companies, Inc. will post $3.52 earnings per share for the current fiscal year. The firm also recently announced a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Thursday, March 2nd. Investors of record on Thursday, February 9th will be issued a dividend of $0.26 per share. The ex-dividend date is Tuesday, February 7th. This represents a $1.04 annualized dividend and a dividend yield of 1.37%. TJX Companies, Inc. (The)’s payout ratio is 30.41%. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY NOTICE: “TJX Companies, Inc. (The) (TJX) Position Raised by Lakeview Capital Partners LLC” was published by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are viewing this news story on another website, it was copied illegally and republished in violation of US & international copyright legislation. The original version of this news story can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/02/10/tjx-companies-inc-the-tjx-position-raised-by-lakeview-capital-partners-llc.html. A number of analysts have issued reports on the company. Credit Suisse Group reissued a “neutral” rating and issued a $70.00 target price on shares of TJX Companies, Inc. (The) in a research report on Tuesday, December 6th. Wedbush reissued an “outperform” rating and issued a $85.00 target price (up previously from $84.00) on shares of TJX Companies, Inc. (The) in a research report on Sunday, December 4th. Deutsche Bank AG boosted their target price on TJX Companies, Inc. (The) from $83.00 to $87.00 and gave the company a “buy” rating in a research report on Wednesday, January 18th. RBC Capital Markets reissued a “buy” rating and issued a $80.00 target price on shares of TJX Companies, Inc. (The) in a research report on Thursday, January 5th. Finally, Susquehanna Bancshares Inc assumed coverage on TJX Companies, Inc. (The) in a research report on Friday. They issued a “positive” rating and a $92.00 target price on the stock. Four investment analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and twenty-one have given a buy rating to the company’s stock. The company presently has a consensus rating of “Buy” and a consensus target price of $83.61. In related news, EVP Kenneth Canestrari sold 6,701 shares of TJX Companies, Inc. (The) stock in a transaction on Tuesday, November 22nd. The shares were sold at an average price of $79.56, for a total transaction of $533,131.56. Following the transaction, the executive vice president now owns 64,871 shares in the company, valued at approximately $5,161,136.76. The transaction was disclosed in a document filed with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is accessible through this hyperlink. Insiders own 0.30% of the company’s stock. About TJX Companies, Inc. (The) The TJX Companies, Inc (TJX) is an off-price apparel and home fashions retailer in the United States and across the world. The Company operates through four segments: Marmaxx, HomeGoods, TJX Canada and TJX International. T.J. Maxx and Marshalls chains in the United States are collectively the off-price retailer in the United States with a total of approximately 2,163 stores. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding TJX? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for TJX Companies, Inc. (The) (NYSE:TJX). Receive News & Ratings for TJX Companies Inc. (The) Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for TJX Companies Inc. (The) and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News White House Announces Conway Was Counseled Warren Receives Support After GOP Formally Silences Her Report: Trump Was Not Completely Briefed on Bannon NSC Seat Justice Department Will Challenge Stop to Travel Ban President Trump Cancels Harley-Davidson Trip Due to Possible Protests © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact US Privacy Policy Staff Daily Email Updates Headlines Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Investing PBF Energy Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for PBF Energy Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Recent Posts OraSure Technologies, Inc. (OSUR) Lifted to Strong-Buy at Zacks Investment Research Zacks Investment Research Lowers Orion Energy Systems, Inc. (OESX) to Hold Tenneco Inc. (TEN) to Post Q1 2017 Earnings of $1.38 Per Share, Northcoast Research Forecasts Barrington Research Comments on Snap-On Incorporated’s Q1 2017 Earnings (SNA) Equities Analysts Offer Predictions for Sanderson Farms, Inc.’s Q1 2017 Earnings (SAFM) UK Commercial Property Trust Limited Plans Dividend of GBX 0.92 (UKCM) Zacks: ICU Medical, Inc. (ICUI) Given Average Rating of “Buy” by Analysts News Corporation (NWSA) Receives $16.00 Consensus Price Target from Brokerages Generac Holdlings Inc. (GNRC) Receives $40.50 Consensus Price Target from Analysts Financial Engines, Inc. (FNGN) EVP Christopher L. Jones Sells 6,667 Shares Eaton Vance Tax-Advantaged Global Divide (ETO) To Go Ex-Dividend on February 16th Eaton Vance Tax-Managed Global Dive Eq (EXG) To Go Ex-Dividend on February 16th Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd. (RCL) Receives $95.82 Average Target Price from Analysts Q1 2017 Earnings Forecast for Corrections Corp. of America Issued By SunTrust Banks (CXW) Michael Rapino Sells 210,000 Shares of Live Nation Entertainment, Inc. (LYV) Stock Model N, Inc. (MODN) Raised to Buy at Zacks Investment Research Masco Corporation Forecasted to Earn Q1 2017 Earnings of $0.36 Per Share (MAS) Equities Analysts Issue Forecasts for Kilroy Realty Corporation’s Q1 2017 Earnings (KRC) Q1 2017 EPS Estimates for Humana Inc. (HUM) Decreased by Analyst Ring Energy (REI) Receives $15.90 Average Price Target from Analysts Private Management Group Inc. Acquires New Position in PBF Energy Inc. (PBF) Posted by Jacob Kohn on Feb 10th, 2017 // No Comments Tweet Private Management Group Inc. bought a new position in shares of PBF Energy Inc. (NYSE:PBF) during the third quarter, according to its most recent 13F filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). The firm bought 531,816 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $12,040,000. Other large investors also recently modified their holdings of the company. JPMorgan Chase & Co. raised its stake in shares of PBF Energy by 31.6% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 10,936,975 shares of the company’s stock worth $247,613,000 after buying an additional 2,626,728 shares during the period. Anchor Capital Advisors LLC bought a new stake in shares of PBF Energy during the second quarter worth about $20,597,000. Snow Capital Management LP raised its stake in shares of PBF Energy by 21.3% in the third quarter. Snow Capital Management LP now owns 3,585,121 shares of the company’s stock worth $81,167,000 after buying an additional 629,957 shares during the period. Barrow Hanley Mewhinney & Strauss LLC raised its stake in shares of PBF Energy by 9.3% in the second quarter. Barrow Hanley Mewhinney & Strauss LLC now owns 6,882,948 shares of the company’s stock worth $163,676,000 after buying an additional 583,670 shares during the period. Finally, First Trust Advisors LP raised its stake in shares of PBF Energy by 53.2% in the third quarter. First Trust Advisors LP now owns 1,309,305 shares of the company’s stock worth $29,643,000 after buying an additional 454,752 shares during the period. Institutional investors and hedge funds own 95.65% of the company’s stock. PBF Energy Inc. (NYSE:PBF) opened at 24.36 on Friday. The stock has a 50 day moving average of $24.93 and a 200 day moving average of $23.71. PBF Energy Inc. has a 12-month low of $19.47 and a 12-month high of $35.67. The company’s market capitalization is $2.39 billion. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION WARNING: This article was originally posted by Web Breaking News and is owned by of Web Breaking News. If you are reading this article on another site, it was illegally stolen and reposted in violation of U.S. & international copyright & trademark legislation. The legal version of this article can be accessed at http://www.webbreakingnews.com/2017/02/10/private-management-group-inc-acquires-new-position-in-pbf-energy-inc-pbf.html. A number of equities research analysts have recently issued reports on PBF shares. Tudor Pickering upgraded shares of PBF Energy from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating in a research note on Tuesday, November 1st. Howard Weil lowered shares of PBF Energy from a “focus stock” rating to a “sector outperform” rating and dropped their price objective for the stock from $29.00 to $24.00 in a research note on Wednesday, October 19th. Wolfe Research upgraded shares of PBF Energy from a “peer perform” rating to an “outperform” rating in a research note on Monday, November 14th. Zacks Investment Research upgraded shares of PBF Energy from a “sell” rating to a “hold” rating in a research note on Saturday, October 22nd. Finally, Scotiabank lowered shares of PBF Energy from a “focus stock” rating to an “outperform” rating and dropped their price objective for the stock from $29.00 to $24.00 in a research note on Friday, October 21st. Three analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, nine have issued a hold rating and four have issued a buy rating to the company’s stock. PBF Energy presently has an average rating of “Hold” and an average target price of $25.25. PBF Energy Company Profile PBF Energy Inc (PBF Energy) is a holding company. The Company is an independent petroleum refiner and supplier of unbranded transportation fuels, heating oil, petrochemical feedstocks, lubricants and other petroleum products in the United States. The Company operates through two segments: Refining and Logistics. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding PBF? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for PBF Energy Inc. (NYSE:PBF). Receive News & Ratings for PBF Energy Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for PBF Energy Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter. « Previous Private Management Group Inc. Has $8,915,000 Stake in Wesco Aircraft Holdings, Inc. (WAIR) Next » Private Management Group Inc. Has $15,581,000 Stake in Central Valley Community Bancorp (CVCY) Latest News Nike Suspends Relationship with Maria Sharapova Rob Bironas Ex-Titans Kicker Dies in Car Crash Ron Washington Leaves Texas Rangers Due to an Affair Jonathan Dwyer Falls in Line with Other Banned NFL Players Tony Stewart Case Going to the Grand Jury Oscar Pistorius “Blade Runner” Found Not Guilty of Murder Leave a Reply Click here to cancel reply. Name (Required) Mail (will not be published) (Required) Website   Home Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Headlines Investing © 2006-2017 Web Breaking News.
Home About/Contact US Privacy Policy Staff Daily Email Updates Headlines Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Investing Arrowhead Pharmaceuticals Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Arrowhead Pharmaceuticals Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Recent Posts Q3 2017 EPS Estimates for Walt Disney Company (The) Reduced by Analyst (DIS) Brokers Set Expectations for Beacon Roofing Supply, Inc.’s Q2 2017 Earnings (BECN) Ryanair Holdings PLC (RYAAY) Lowered to “Hold” at Kepler Capital Markets Opko Health, Inc. (OPK) CEO Acquires $80,700.00 in Stock Evan Loh Sells 3,106 Shares of Paratek Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (PRTK) Stock Robert J. Mcdonough Sells 300 Shares of United Technologies Corporation (UTX) Stock Intec Pharma Ltd. (NTEC) Receives Consensus Recommendation of “Strong Buy” from Analysts Zacks: Babcock Intl Group (BCKIY) Given Average Recommendation of “Strong Buy” by Brokerages National Retail Properties (NNN) Scheduled to Post Earnings on Monday North Tide Capital, Llc Sells 28,027 Shares of VIVUS, Inc. (VVUS) Stock John D. Klopfenstein Sells 1,054 Shares of FRP Holdings, Inc. (FRPH) Stock Raymond Vanaria Purchases 3,000 Shares of MSB Financial Corp. (MSBF) Stock Donaldson Capital Management LLC Has $3,257,000 Position in UnitedHealth Group Incorporated (UNH) Donaldson Capital Management LLC Has $784,000 Stake in GenMark Diagnostics, Inc. (GNMK) Donaldson Capital Management LLC Has $679,000 Position in Honeywell International Inc. (HON) Donaldson Capital Management LLC Acquires 469 Shares of Cincinnati Financial Corporation (CINF) Duke Energy Corporation (DUK) Stake Increased by Donaldson Capital Management LLC Philip Morris International Inc (PM) Stake Cut by Donaldson Capital Management LLC Insider Selling: Minco Silver Co. (MSV) Insider Sells C$43,332.90 in Stock National Bank Holdings Corporation (NBHC) EVP Sells $48,885.00 in Stock 100,000 Shares in Arrowhead Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (ARWR) Acquired by Sphera Funds Management LTD. Posted by Jacob Kohn on Feb 10th, 2017 // No Comments Tweet Sphera Funds Management LTD. purchased a new stake in Arrowhead Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (NASDAQ:ARWR) during the third quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The institutional investor purchased 100,000 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $735,000. Sphera Funds Management LTD. owned about 0.16% of Arrowhead Pharmaceuticals at the end of the most recent reporting period. Other hedge funds and other institutional investors have also bought and sold shares of the company. JPMorgan Chase & Co. increased its position in Arrowhead Pharmaceuticals by 0.9% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 1,492,159 shares of the company’s stock worth $10,967,000 after buying an additional 12,809 shares in the last quarter. Shell Asset Management Co. purchased a new position in Arrowhead Pharmaceuticals during the third quarter worth approximately $542,000. Emerald Acquisition Ltd. purchased a new position in Arrowhead Pharmaceuticals during the second quarter worth approximately $390,000. Falcon Point Capital LLC increased its position in Arrowhead Pharmaceuticals by 18.8% in the third quarter. Falcon Point Capital LLC now owns 58,398 shares of the company’s stock worth $339,000 after buying an additional 9,251 shares in the last quarter. Finally, Bank of Montreal Can increased its position in Arrowhead Pharmaceuticals by 4,355.8% in the third quarter. Bank of Montreal Can now owns 22,502 shares of the company’s stock worth $166,000 after buying an additional 21,997 shares in the last quarter. Institutional investors and hedge funds own 43.11% of the company’s stock. Shares of Arrowhead Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (NASDAQ:ARWR) opened at 2.05 on Friday. The stock’s market cap is $152.87 million. The firm has a 50-day moving average price of $1.82 and a 200-day moving average price of $4.67. Arrowhead Pharmaceuticals, Inc. has a 1-year low of $1.20 and a 1-year high of $8.22. Arrowhead Pharmaceuticals (NASDAQ:ARWR) last posted its quarterly earnings data on Monday, February 6th. The company reported ($0.17) EPS for the quarter, beating the Zacks’ consensus estimate of ($0.20) by $0.03. The business earned $4.37 million during the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $13.24 million. Arrowhead Pharmaceuticals had a negative return on equity of 89.07% and a negative net margin of 1,663.58%. Equities analysts forecast that Arrowhead Pharmaceuticals, Inc. will post ($0.46) EPS for the current year. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION WARNING: This report was first posted by Web Breaking News and is the property of of Web Breaking News. If you are viewing this report on another website, it was copied illegally and republished in violation of U.S. & international copyright & trademark laws. The legal version of this report can be viewed at http://www.webbreakingnews.com/2017/02/10/100000-shares-in-arrowhead-pharmaceuticals-inc-arwr-acquired-by-sphera-funds-management-ltd.html. A number of research firms have recently commented on ARWR. Jefferies Group LLC reiterated a “hold” rating and set a $2.00 target price (down from $5.00) on shares of Arrowhead Pharmaceuticals in a research report on Wednesday, November 30th. Piper Jaffray Companies downgraded Arrowhead Pharmaceuticals from an “overweight” rating to a “neutral” rating and lowered their target price for the company from $10.00 to $2.00 in a research report on Wednesday, November 30th. Cantor Fitzgerald downgraded Arrowhead Pharmaceuticals from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating and lowered their target price for the company from $15.00 to $1.00 in a research report on Wednesday, November 30th. Chardan Capital downgraded Arrowhead Pharmaceuticals from a “buy” rating to a “neutral” rating and lowered their target price for the company from $8.00 to $2.00 in a research report on Wednesday, November 30th. Finally, William Blair lowered Arrowhead Pharmaceuticals from an “outperform” rating to a “market perform” rating and decreased their price target for the company from $12.00 to $2.00 in a report on Wednesday, November 30th. Five equities research analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and one has assigned a strong buy rating to the company. The company presently has a consensus rating of “Hold” and an average target price of $2.81. Arrowhead Pharmaceuticals Company Profile Arrowhead Pharmaceuticals, Inc, formerly Arrowhead Research Corporation, is a biopharmaceutical company. The Company is engaged in developing RiboNucleic Acid interference (RNAi) therapeutics. Its products include ARC-520, ARC-521, ARC-AAT, ARC-F12, ARC-HIF2 and ARC-LPA. ARC-520 is designed to treat chronic hepatitis B virus (HBV) infection. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding ARWR? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Arrowhead Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (NASDAQ:ARWR). Receive News & Ratings for Arrowhead Pharmaceuticals Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Arrowhead Pharmaceuticals Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter. « Previous 7,052 Shares in Palo Alto Networks, Inc. (PANW) Acquired by Sphera Funds Management LTD. Next » Randgold Resources Limited (GOLD) – Research Analysts’ Weekly Ratings Changes Latest News Nike Suspends Relationship with Maria Sharapova Rob Bironas Ex-Titans Kicker Dies in Car Crash Ron Washington Leaves Texas Rangers Due to an Affair Jonathan Dwyer Falls in Line with Other Banned NFL Players Tony Stewart Case Going to the Grand Jury Oscar Pistorius “Blade Runner” Found Not Guilty of Murder Leave a Reply Click here to cancel reply. Name (Required) Mail (will not be published) (Required) Website   Home Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Headlines Investing © 2006-2017 Web Breaking News.
Skip to content MilTech pr@satprnews.com Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 10 February 2017 by Military News Top 3 JPMorgan Mutual Funds to Flaunt in Your Portfolio Shutterstock photo JPMorgan is one of the best financial management companies in the world. It has a legacy of investment management since 1865. Also, JPMorgan is the eighth-largest mutual fund firm in the U.S. and prides itself as the nation’s leader in equity fund flows. JPMorgan offers managed accounts and retirement products. The company has pioneered the introduction of innovative, inflation-protected municipal products. Its primary principle is to understand the needs of its clients and advice the best investment solutions for surplus returns. Below we share with you three top-rated JPMorgan mutual funds. Each has earned a  Zacks Mutual Fund Rank #1  (Strong Buy) and is expected to outperform its peers in the future. Investors can  click here to see the complete list of JPMorgan funds . JPMorgan Disciplined Equity A JDEAX invests a large portion of its assets in equity securities. JDEAX invests in common stocks of domestic companies having market capitalization similar to those listed on the S&P 500 Index. JDEAX distributes dividends and capital gains, if any, on a quarterly basis. JPMorgan Disciplined Equity A seeks high total return and has a three-year annualized return of almost 9%. As of December 2016, JDEAX held 224 issues, with 3.19% of its assets invested in Apple Inc. JPMorgan Large Cap Value A OLVAX seeks capital appreciation. OLVAX invests a major portion of its assets in securities of large-cap companies that include common stocks, debt and preferred stocks that can be converted to common stocks. Large-cap companies are those that have market capitalization equivalent to those listed on the Russell 1000 Value Index at the time of purchase. OLVAX offers dividends quarterly and capital gains annually. JPMorgan Large Cap Value A has a three-year annualized return of 13.2%. Scott Blasdell is the fund manager since 2013. JPMorgan Intrepid Growth R5 JGIRX invests the majority of its assets in equity securities of large- and mid-cap companies. JGIRX seeks capital growth over the long run. The fund generally invests in those securities that are expected to have high quality and attractive valuations. JPMorgan Intrepid Growth R5 has a three-year annualized return of 10.7%. JGIRX has an expense ratio of 0.47% compared with the category average of 1.15%. To view the Zacks Rank and past performance of all JPMorgan mutual funds, investors can  click here to see the complete list of JPMorgan funds . Want key mutual fund info delivered straight to your inbox? Zacks’ free Fund Newsletter will brief you on top news and analysis, as well as top-performing mutual funds, each week. Get it free >> Want the latest recommendations from Zacks Investment Research? Today, you can download 7 Best Stocks for the Next 30 Days. Click to get this free report Get Your Free (JGIRX): Fund Analysis Report Get Your Free (OLVAX): Fund Analysis Report Get Your Free (JDEAX): Fund Analysis Report To read this article on Zacks.com click here. Zacks Investment Research The views and opinions expressed herein are the views and opinions of the author and do not necessarily reflect those of Nasdaq, Inc. CategoriesUncategorized TagsCompanies, company, major, Markets, Nation, rank, Uncategorized, World Post navigation Previous PostPrevious “Solar Heating Control Unit-SHCU”: Distributes Heated Air Around the Vehicle Wheels Next PostNext “Launderguards”: Easy Handling of Heavy Detergent Boxes Search our contacts Search for: Search Recent Posts Mohawk Industries legt Rekordergebnisse für viertes Quartal und Gesamtjahr vor progeCAD US launches new website: Aims to make CAD more accessible than ever  Mineral Supplements Market, Analysis, Size, Growth and Forecast to 2020 Disney’s “Ride Archive” Promises VR Simulations of Lost Attractions CredentialingSpectrum, A HIPAA Compliant, Secured & Cloud Based Complete Medical Credentialing Softw Business Contacts aBusiness contacts Proudly powered by WordPress
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy   Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Gentex Corporation - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Gentex Corporation with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Blackrock Throgmorton Trust PLC (THRG) Increases Dividend to GBX 6.25 Per Share Pattern Energy Group Inc. (PEGI) Stock Rating Lowered by Zacks Investment Research Analysts Issue Forecasts for Akamai Technologies, Inc.’s Q1 2017 Earnings (AKAM) Allergan PLC. (AGN) Forecasted to Post Q1 2017 Earnings of $3.55 Per Share AngioDynamics, Inc. (ANGO) Receives $16.63 Average Target Price from Brokerages Sanatana Resources Inc (STA) Director Peter Leighton Miles Purchases 372,000 Shares of Stock Alexander & Baldwin Holdings, Inc. (ALEX) Director Stanley M. Kuriyama Sells 4,250 Shares Nicholas Financial, Inc. (NICK) Major Shareholder Magnolia Capital Fund, Lp Purchases 19,196 Shares Brokerages Anticipate Air Methods Corporation (AIRM) to Post $0.61 Earnings Per Share Owens Corning Inc (OC) Upgraded to Hold by Zacks Investment Research Avon Products, Inc. (AVP) Forecasted to Post Q1 2017 Earnings of $0.05 Per Share Analysts Offer Predictions for Camden Property Trust’s Q1 2017 Earnings (CPT) Jefferies Group Comments on CenturyLink, Inc.’s Q1 2017 Earnings (CTL) Brokerages Set Computer Programs and Systems, Inc. (CPSI) Price Target at $34.55 Seaport Global Securities Brokers Cut Earnings Estimates for Diamond Offshore Drilling, Inc. (DO) Daniel Kerzner Sells 36,000 Shares of Alarm.com Holdings, Inc. (ALRM) Stock Elissa Fink Sells 5,000 Shares of Tableau Software, Inc. (DATA) Stock Eaton Vance Tax-Managed Global Buy-Write (ETW) to Issue $0.10 Monthly Dividend Fiserv, Inc. to Post Q1 2017 Earnings of $1.18 Per Share, SunTrust Banks Forecasts (FISV) Marriott International (MAR) Receives $83.98 Average Target Price from Brokerages Artisan Partners Limited Partnership Lowers Position in Gentex Corporation (GNTX) February 10th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Stacy Sanders Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Artisan Partners Limited Partnership lowered its stake in shares of Gentex Corporation (NASDAQ:GNTX) by 4.4% during the fourth quarter, according to its most recent disclosure with the SEC. The institutional investor owned 6,800,220 shares of the company’s stock after selling 315,934 shares during the period. Artisan Partners Limited Partnership owned 2.37% of Gentex Corporation worth $133,896,000 as of its most recent SEC filing. A number of other hedge funds and other institutional investors have also recently made changes to their positions in GNTX. BlackRock Advisors LLC boosted its position in shares of Gentex Corporation by 7.5% in the second quarter. BlackRock Advisors LLC now owns 157,334 shares of the company’s stock valued at $2,431,000 after buying an additional 10,928 shares in the last quarter. Messner & Smith Theme Value Investment Management Ltd. CA bought a new position in Gentex Corporation during the second quarter worth $906,000. Prudential Financial Inc. raised its position in Gentex Corporation by 1.0% in the second quarter. Prudential Financial Inc. now owns 174,690 shares of the company’s stock worth $2,699,000 after buying an additional 1,800 shares during the period. Dimensional Fund Advisors LP raised its position in Gentex Corporation by 12.3% in the second quarter. Dimensional Fund Advisors LP now owns 2,900,064 shares of the company’s stock worth $44,807,000 after buying an additional 318,710 shares during the period. Finally, JPMorgan Chase & Co. raised its position in Gentex Corporation by 13.4% in the second quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 41,276 shares of the company’s stock worth $638,000 after buying an additional 4,874 shares during the period. 84.33% of the stock is owned by institutional investors and hedge funds. Shares of Gentex Corporation (NASDAQ:GNTX) traded up 0.44% during midday trading on Friday, reaching $20.49. The company had a trading volume of 1,506,848 shares. Gentex Corporation has a 52-week low of $13.64 and a 52-week high of $21.89. The firm has a market cap of $5.88 billion, a P/E ratio of 17.22 and a beta of 0.96. The company’s 50-day moving average is $20.59 and its 200-day moving average is $18.52. Gentex Corporation (NASDAQ:GNTX) last announced its earnings results on Friday, January 27th. The company reported $0.31 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, missing the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of $0.32 by $0.01. The company had revenue of $419.90 million for the quarter. Gentex Corporation had a return on equity of 19.05% and a net margin of 20.70%. The firm’s revenue was up 3.5% compared to the same quarter last year. During the same period in the prior year, the company posted $0.30 earnings per share. Equities research analysts expect that Gentex Corporation will post $1.31 EPS for the current fiscal year. The firm also recently disclosed a quarterly dividend, which was paid on Wednesday, January 18th. Stockholders of record on Friday, January 6th were given a $0.09 dividend. This represents a $0.36 annualized dividend and a dividend yield of 1.76%. The ex-dividend date of this dividend was Wednesday, January 4th. Gentex Corporation’s dividend payout ratio (DPR) is presently 29.75%. TRADEMARK VIOLATION WARNING: “Artisan Partners Limited Partnership Lowers Position in Gentex Corporation (GNTX)” was originally posted by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are reading this article on another publication, it was copied illegally and republished in violation of U.S. and international copyright laws. The original version of this article can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/02/10/artisan-partners-limited-partnership-lowers-position-in-gentex-corporation-gntx.html. A number of equities analysts recently weighed in on GNTX shares. Zacks Investment Research lowered Gentex Corporation from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating in a research report on Monday, November 21st. FBR & Co increased their price target on Gentex Corporation from $22.00 to $25.00 and gave the company an “outperform” rating in a research report on Friday, January 13th. Wellington Shields lowered Gentex Corporation from a “buy” rating to an “accumulate” rating in a research report on Friday, January 27th. Wells Fargo & Company reiterated an “outperform” rating and issued a $21.50 price target on shares of Gentex Corporation in a research report on Tuesday, January 31st. Finally, KeyCorp reiterated an “overweight” rating on shares of Gentex Corporation in a research report on Monday, January 9th. Three analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and four have issued a buy rating to the company. The stock presently has a consensus rating of “Buy” and an average price target of $22.30. In other news, insider Kevin C. Nash sold 4,544 shares of Gentex Corporation stock in a transaction dated Monday, January 30th. The stock was sold at an average price of $20.90, for a total value of $94,969.60. Following the completion of the transaction, the insider now directly owns 31,432 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $656,928.80. The transaction was disclosed in a filing with the SEC, which is accessible through this hyperlink. Also, VP Joseph E. Iv Matthews sold 2,244 shares of Gentex Corporation stock in a transaction dated Friday, November 18th. The stock was sold at an average price of $18.00, for a total value of $40,392.00. Following the completion of the transaction, the vice president now directly owns 17,614 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $317,052. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Over the last three months, insiders sold 28,964 shares of company stock valued at $597,674. Corporate insiders own 2.90% of the company’s stock. About Gentex Corporation Gentex Corporation designs and manufactures automatic-dimming rearview mirrors and electronics for the automotive industry, dimmable aircraft windows for the aviation industry, and commercial smoke alarms and signaling devices for the fire protection industry. The Company’s segments include Automotive Products and Other, which includes Fire Protection Products and Dimmable Aircraft Windows. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding GNTX? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Gentex Corporation (NASDAQ:GNTX). Receive News & Ratings for Gentex Corporation Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Gentex Corporation and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News White House Announces Conway Was Counseled Warren Receives Support After GOP Formally Silences Her Report: Trump Was Not Completely Briefed on Bannon NSC Seat Justice Department Will Challenge Stop to Travel Ban President Trump Cancels Harley-Davidson Trip Due to Possible Protests © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy   Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Novo Nordisk A/S - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Novo Nordisk A/S with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Blackrock Throgmorton Trust PLC (THRG) Increases Dividend to GBX 6.25 Per Share Pattern Energy Group Inc. (PEGI) Stock Rating Lowered by Zacks Investment Research Analysts Issue Forecasts for Akamai Technologies, Inc.’s Q1 2017 Earnings (AKAM) Allergan PLC. (AGN) Forecasted to Post Q1 2017 Earnings of $3.55 Per Share AngioDynamics, Inc. (ANGO) Receives $16.63 Average Target Price from Brokerages Sanatana Resources Inc (STA) Director Peter Leighton Miles Purchases 372,000 Shares of Stock Alexander & Baldwin Holdings, Inc. (ALEX) Director Stanley M. Kuriyama Sells 4,250 Shares Nicholas Financial, Inc. (NICK) Major Shareholder Magnolia Capital Fund, Lp Purchases 19,196 Shares Brokerages Anticipate Air Methods Corporation (AIRM) to Post $0.61 Earnings Per Share Owens Corning Inc (OC) Upgraded to Hold by Zacks Investment Research Avon Products, Inc. (AVP) Forecasted to Post Q1 2017 Earnings of $0.05 Per Share Analysts Offer Predictions for Camden Property Trust’s Q1 2017 Earnings (CPT) Jefferies Group Comments on CenturyLink, Inc.’s Q1 2017 Earnings (CTL) Brokerages Set Computer Programs and Systems, Inc. (CPSI) Price Target at $34.55 Seaport Global Securities Brokers Cut Earnings Estimates for Diamond Offshore Drilling, Inc. (DO) Daniel Kerzner Sells 36,000 Shares of Alarm.com Holdings, Inc. (ALRM) Stock Elissa Fink Sells 5,000 Shares of Tableau Software, Inc. (DATA) Stock Eaton Vance Tax-Managed Global Buy-Write (ETW) to Issue $0.10 Monthly Dividend Fiserv, Inc. to Post Q1 2017 Earnings of $1.18 Per Share, SunTrust Banks Forecasts (FISV) Marriott International (MAR) Receives $83.98 Average Target Price from Brokerages Commerzbank Aktiengesellschaft FI Boosts Stake in Novo Nordisk A/S (NVO) February 10th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Jeff Wilder Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Commerzbank Aktiengesellschaft FI boosted its position in Novo Nordisk A/S (NYSE:NVO) by 103.1% during the fourth quarter, according to its most recent disclosure with the Securities and Exchange Commission. The institutional investor owned 117,109 shares of the company’s stock after buying an additional 59,438 shares during the period. Commerzbank Aktiengesellschaft FI’s holdings in Novo Nordisk A/S were worth $4,200,000 as of its most recent filing with the SEC. Several other hedge funds have also recently made changes to their positions in the company. Saratoga Research & Investment Management increased its stake in shares of Novo Nordisk A/S by 5.8% in the second quarter. Saratoga Research & Investment Management now owns 797,432 shares of the company’s stock worth $42,886,000 after buying an additional 43,556 shares in the last quarter. Ngam Advisors L.P. increased its position in Novo Nordisk A/S by 2.1% in the second quarter. Ngam Advisors L.P. now owns 902,947 shares of the company’s stock valued at $48,561,000 after buying an additional 18,189 shares during the period. Morgan Stanley increased its position in Novo Nordisk A/S by 88.6% in the third quarter. Morgan Stanley now owns 3,012,074 shares of the company’s stock valued at $125,273,000 after buying an additional 1,415,016 shares during the period. JPMorgan Chase & Co. increased its position in Novo Nordisk A/S by 124.1% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 1,156,876 shares of the company’s stock valued at $48,115,000 after buying an additional 640,540 shares during the period. Finally, Grimes & Company Inc. bought a new position in Novo Nordisk A/S during the third quarter valued at approximately $8,000,000. Institutional investors own 7.34% of the company’s stock. Shares of Novo Nordisk A/S (NYSE:NVO) traded up 0.06% during midday trading on Friday, reaching $34.50. The company had a trading volume of 1,517,361 shares. The firm has a market capitalization of $86.68 billion, a P/E ratio of 15.94 and a beta of 0.83. Novo Nordisk A/S has a one year low of $30.89 and a one year high of $57.81. The company has a 50 day moving average price of $35.45 and a 200-day moving average price of $40.21. The business also recently disclosed an annual dividend, which will be paid on Tuesday, April 4th. Stockholders of record on Monday, March 27th will be issued a dividend of $0.6634 per share. This represents a dividend yield of 1.99%. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Thursday, March 23rd. Novo Nordisk A/S’s dividend payout ratio is currently 46.19%. TRADEMARK VIOLATION NOTICE: “Commerzbank Aktiengesellschaft FI Boosts Stake in Novo Nordisk A/S (NVO)” was posted by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are reading this report on another site, it was illegally stolen and republished in violation of U.S. & international copyright & trademark law. The legal version of this report can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/02/10/commerzbank-aktiengesellschaft-fi-boosts-stake-in-novo-nordisk-as-nvo.html. NVO has been the subject of several analyst reports. Bank of America Corporation downgraded Novo Nordisk A/S from a “neutral” rating to an “underperform” rating in a research report on Friday, October 28th. Jefferies Group LLC reiterated a “hold” rating on shares of Novo Nordisk A/S in a research report on Sunday, October 16th. TheStreet downgraded Novo Nordisk A/S from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating in a research report on Friday, November 11th. Zacks Investment Research upgraded Novo Nordisk A/S from a “sell” rating to a “hold” rating in a research report on Tuesday, January 31st. Finally, Citigroup Inc. downgraded Novo Nordisk A/S from a “buy” rating to a “neutral” rating in a research report on Monday, October 31st. Two investment analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, nine have issued a hold rating and four have given a buy rating to the stock. The company presently has an average rating of “Hold” and a consensus target price of $60.00. Novo Nordisk A/S Company Profile Novo Nordisk A/S is a healthcare company. The Company is engaged in discovery, development, manufacturing and marketing of pharmaceutical products. The Company’s business segments include diabetes and obesity care, and biopharmaceuticals. The diabetes and obesity care segment covers insulins, glucagon-like peptide-1 (GLP-1), other protein-related products (such as glucagon, protein-related delivery systems and needles), oral anti-diabetic drugs and obesity. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding NVO? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Novo Nordisk A/S (NYSE:NVO). Receive News & Ratings for Novo Nordisk A/S Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Novo Nordisk A/S and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News White House Announces Conway Was Counseled Warren Receives Support After GOP Formally Silences Her Report: Trump Was Not Completely Briefed on Bannon NSC Seat Justice Department Will Challenge Stop to Travel Ban President Trump Cancels Harley-Davidson Trip Due to Possible Protests © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home Privacy Policy About/Contact Us Terms and Conditions Contributors Write For Us MLB News Trade Rumors Scores Fantasy News Injuries College Prospects West Pharmaceutical Services Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for West Pharmaceutical Services Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow Baseball News Source Latest News Norfolk Souther Corporation (NSC) EVP Sells $317,975.79 in Stock Willis Towers Watson Public Limited Company’s (WLTW) Buy Rating Reaffirmed at Jefferies Group LLC Graphic Packaging Holding Company (GPK) Upgraded to “Hold” by Zacks Investment Research Intercontinental Exchange Inc. (ICE) Shares Bought by ING Groep NV Heartland Express, Inc. (HTLD) Director Sells $1,908,673.86 in Stock YY Inc. (YY) Downgraded by Vetr Inc. to Buy ING Groep NV Purchases Shares of 113,585 Boston Scientific Corporation (BSX) ING Groep NV Acquires 63,798 Shares of Kroger Company (The) (KR) Energy Transfer Equity, L.P. (ETE) Upgraded to Strong-Buy at Vetr Inc. ING Groep NV Has $5,536,000 Position in Kellogg Company (K) S&P Global Inc. (SPGI) Shares Bought by ING Groep NV ING Groep NV Raises Position in Advance Auto Parts Inc (AAP) NetEase, Inc. (NTES) Upgraded to “Hold” at Vetr Inc. Calamos Wealth Management LLC Takes Position in AmerisourceBergen Corporation (Holding Co) (ABC) AK Steel Holding Corporation (AKS) Downgraded to “Sell” at Vetr Inc. West Pharmaceutical Services, Inc. (WST) Shares Sold by Susquehanna International Group LLP Posted by Grant Hamersma on Feb 10th, 2017 // No Comments Tweet Susquehanna International Group LLP cut its position in West Pharmaceutical Services, Inc. (NYSE:WST) by 75.5% during the third quarter, according to its most recent filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission. The fund owned 16,580 shares of the company’s stock after selling 51,052 shares during the period. Susquehanna International Group LLP’s holdings in West Pharmaceutical Services were worth $1,235,000 as of its most recent filing with the SEC. Other institutional investors have also made changes to their positions in the company. BlackRock Institutional Trust Company N.A. increased its position in West Pharmaceutical Services by 0.4% in the third quarter. BlackRock Institutional Trust Company N.A. now owns 2,307,252 shares of the company’s stock valued at $171,890,000 after buying an additional 9,016 shares during the last quarter. Pacer Advisors Inc. increased its position in West Pharmaceutical Services by 10.6% in the third quarter. Pacer Advisors Inc. now owns 7,721 shares of the company’s stock valued at $575,000 after buying an additional 742 shares during the last quarter. Virginia Retirement Systems ET AL increased its position in West Pharmaceutical Services by 9.7% in the third quarter. Virginia Retirement Systems ET AL now owns 23,700 shares of the company’s stock valued at $1,766,000 after buying an additional 2,100 shares during the last quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. increased its position in West Pharmaceutical Services by 6.8% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 1,359,817 shares of the company’s stock valued at $101,306,000 after buying an additional 86,470 shares during the last quarter. Finally, First Quadrant L P CA purchased a new position in West Pharmaceutical Services during the third quarter valued at approximately $7,006,000. Hedge funds and other institutional investors own 89.17% of the company’s stock. Shares of West Pharmaceutical Services, Inc. (NYSE:WST) opened at 86.00 on Friday. The firm’s 50-day moving average is $84.92 and its 200-day moving average is $80.35. The company has a market cap of $6.29 billion, a PE ratio of 46.51 and a beta of 0.94. West Pharmaceutical Services, Inc. has a one year low of $54.56 and a one year high of $88.30. The company also recently declared a quarterly dividend, which was paid on Wednesday, February 1st. Investors of record on Wednesday, January 18th were given a dividend of $0.13 per share. This represents a $0.52 annualized dividend and a dividend yield of 0.60%. The ex-dividend date of this dividend was Friday, January 13th. West Pharmaceutical Services’s dividend payout ratio (DPR) is currently 28.11%. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION NOTICE: This story was first published by BBNS and is the property of of BBNS. If you are reading this story on another site, it was illegally copied and reposted in violation of U.S. & international copyright & trademark law. The legal version of this story can be accessed at https://baseballnewssource.com/markets/west-pharmaceutical-services-inc-wst-shares-sold-by-susquehanna-international-group-llp/421304.html. Several research firms recently commented on WST. Zacks Investment Research upgraded West Pharmaceutical Services from a “sell” rating to a “hold” rating in a research note on Wednesday, December 7th. Jefferies Group LLC boosted their target price on shares of West Pharmaceutical Services from $76.00 to $82.00 and gave the company a “hold” rating in a report on Tuesday, January 24th. Janney Montgomery Scott reissued a “buy” rating on shares of West Pharmaceutical Services in a report on Friday, December 23rd. Finally, Wells Fargo & Company raised shares of West Pharmaceutical Services from a “market perform” rating to an “outperform” rating in a report on Friday, October 28th. In other news, Director Patrick J. Zenner purchased 332 shares of West Pharmaceutical Services stock in a transaction that occurred on Thursday, December 8th. The stock was bought at an average price of $84.53 per share, with a total value of $28,063.96. The acquisition was disclosed in a document filed with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which can be accessed through this link. 5.13% of the stock is owned by company insiders. West Pharmaceutical Services Company Profile West Pharmaceutical Services, Inc (West) is a manufacturer of components and systems for the packaging and delivery of injectable drugs, as well as delivery system components for the pharmaceutical, healthcare and consumer products industries. The Company’s segments include Pharmaceutical Packaging Systems segment (Packaging Systems) and the Pharmaceutical Delivery Systems segment (Delivery Systems). Receive News & Ratings for West Pharmaceutical Services Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for West Pharmaceutical Services Inc. and related companies with our FREE daily email newsletter.   Latest News Rumor: Miami Marlins Reach Tentative Agreement to Sell Cody Bellinger Might Be Answer to Dodgers Offensive Woes MLB Commissioner: Pace of Play Must Be Focused On Chris Correa Says Astros Hacked Cardinals First Ryan Braun Healthy and Ready for Another Season with Brewers Prospect for Phillies Thriving Following Lost Right Eye Leave a Reply Click here to cancel reply. Name (Required) Mail (will not be published) (Required) Website   Home MLB News Trade Rumors Scores Fantasy News Injuries College Prospects Markets © 2006-2017 BBNS.
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy   Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance BT Group plc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for BT Group plc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Blackrock Throgmorton Trust PLC (THRG) Increases Dividend to GBX 6.25 Per Share Pattern Energy Group Inc. (PEGI) Stock Rating Lowered by Zacks Investment Research Analysts Issue Forecasts for Akamai Technologies, Inc.’s Q1 2017 Earnings (AKAM) Allergan PLC. (AGN) Forecasted to Post Q1 2017 Earnings of $3.55 Per Share AngioDynamics, Inc. (ANGO) Receives $16.63 Average Target Price from Brokerages Sanatana Resources Inc (STA) Director Peter Leighton Miles Purchases 372,000 Shares of Stock Alexander & Baldwin Holdings, Inc. (ALEX) Director Stanley M. Kuriyama Sells 4,250 Shares Nicholas Financial, Inc. (NICK) Major Shareholder Magnolia Capital Fund, Lp Purchases 19,196 Shares Brokerages Anticipate Air Methods Corporation (AIRM) to Post $0.61 Earnings Per Share Owens Corning Inc (OC) Upgraded to Hold by Zacks Investment Research Avon Products, Inc. (AVP) Forecasted to Post Q1 2017 Earnings of $0.05 Per Share Analysts Offer Predictions for Camden Property Trust’s Q1 2017 Earnings (CPT) Jefferies Group Comments on CenturyLink, Inc.’s Q1 2017 Earnings (CTL) Brokerages Set Computer Programs and Systems, Inc. (CPSI) Price Target at $34.55 Seaport Global Securities Brokers Cut Earnings Estimates for Diamond Offshore Drilling, Inc. (DO) Daniel Kerzner Sells 36,000 Shares of Alarm.com Holdings, Inc. (ALRM) Stock Elissa Fink Sells 5,000 Shares of Tableau Software, Inc. (DATA) Stock Eaton Vance Tax-Managed Global Buy-Write (ETW) to Issue $0.10 Monthly Dividend Fiserv, Inc. to Post Q1 2017 Earnings of $1.18 Per Share, SunTrust Banks Forecasts (FISV) Marriott International (MAR) Receives $83.98 Average Target Price from Brokerages BT Group plc (BT.A) Receives “Neutral” Rating from JPMorgan Chase & Co. February 10th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Trevor Kearing Filed Under: Analyst Articles - UK - Finance Tweet JPMorgan Chase & Co. reissued their neutral rating on shares of BT Group plc (LON:BT.A) in a report released on Thursday morning. They currently have a GBX 330 ($4.11) price objective on the communications services company’s stock. A number of other research firms also recently commented on BT.A. BNP Paribas reiterated a neutral rating and set a GBX 395 ($4.92) target price on shares of BT Group plc in a research report on Friday, October 28th. Deutsche Bank AG restated a sell rating and issued a GBX 345 ($4.30) price objective on shares of BT Group plc in a research report on Friday, October 28th. HSBC Holdings plc cut their price objective on BT Group plc from GBX 480 ($5.98) to GBX 460 ($5.73) and set a buy rating for the company in a research report on Friday, October 28th. Goldman Sachs Group, Inc. (The) cut their price objective on BT Group plc from GBX 560 ($6.98) to GBX 540 ($6.73) and set a conviction-buy rating for the company in a research report on Friday, October 28th. Finally, S&P Global Inc. set a GBX 420 ($5.23) price target on BT Group plc and gave the stock a neutral rating in a research report on Thursday, October 27th. Two equities research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, eight have assigned a hold rating and twelve have issued a buy rating to the company’s stock. The stock presently has an average rating of Hold and a consensus target price of GBX 409.68 ($5.10). WARNING: “BT Group plc (BT.A) Receives “Neutral” Rating from JPMorgan Chase & Co.” was originally posted by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are accessing this article on another website, it was illegally stolen and republished in violation of U.S. & international trademark & copyright law. The legal version of this article can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/02/10/bt-group-plc-bt-a-receives-neutral-rating-from-jpmorgan-chase-co.html. In related news, insider Gavin Patterson purchased 47,404 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction on Tuesday, February 7th. The shares were bought at an average price of GBX 307 ($3.82) per share, for a total transaction of £145,530.28 ($181,278.38). Also, insider Alison Wilcox purchased 12,925 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction on Friday, February 3rd. The shares were bought at an average price of GBX 307 ($3.82) per share, for a total transaction of £39,679.75 ($49,426.69). In the last 90 days, insiders have acquired 65,479 shares of company stock worth $20,519,203. BT Group plc Company Profile Receive News & Ratings for BT Group plc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for BT Group plc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News White House Announces Conway Was Counseled Warren Receives Support After GOP Formally Silences Her Report: Trump Was Not Completely Briefed on Bannon NSC Seat Justice Department Will Challenge Stop to Travel Ban President Trump Cancels Harley-Davidson Trip Due to Possible Protests © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy   Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Intercontinental Exchange Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Intercontinental Exchange Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Cognizant Technology Solutions Corporation (CTSH) Shares Gap Up After Strong Earnings Benchmark Electronics, Inc. (BHE) Reaches New 1-Year High After Strong Earnings Cowen Group, Inc. (COWN) Shares Bought by D. E. Shaw & Co. Inc. La-Z-Boy Incorporated (LZB) Stake Cut by D. E. Shaw & Co. Inc. D. E. Shaw & Co. Inc. Sells 115,336 Shares of Sonus Networks, Inc. (SONS) McKesson Corporation (MCK) Position Held by Capital World Investors Capital World Investors Sells 2,100,000 Shares of Kimberly-Clark Corporation (KMB) Capital International Investors Decreases Position in Boeing Company (The) (BA) Highbridge Capital Management LLC Cuts Stake in ClubCorp Holdings, Inc. (MYCC) Extreme Networks, Inc. (EXTR) Shares Bought by Highbridge Capital Management LLC Graham Holdings Company (GHC) Position Raised by Highbridge Capital Management LLC Highbridge Capital Management LLC Takes Position in Choice Hotels International, Inc. (CHH) Fuller & Thaler Asset Management Inc. Sells 6,000 Shares of Juniper Networks, Inc. (JNPR) Fuller & Thaler Asset Management Inc. Takes Position in Performance Food Group Company (PFGC) Fuller & Thaler Asset Management Inc. Has $147,000 Stake in Southwest Gas Corporation (SWX) Fuller & Thaler Asset Management Inc. Has $145,000 Stake in Jacobs Engineering Group Inc. (JEC) MetLife, Inc. (MET) Shares Sold by Fuller & Thaler Asset Management Inc. Fuller & Thaler Asset Management Inc. Acquires 1,000 Shares of Axis Capital Holdings Limited (AXS) D. E. Shaw & Co. Inc. Has $7,811,000 Position in Endurance Specialty Holdings Ltd (ENH) D. E. Shaw & Co. Inc. Purchases 50,413 Shares of Genuine Parts Company (GPC) Intercontinental Exchange Inc. (ICE) Shares Bought by ING Groep NV February 10th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Trevor Kearing Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet ING Groep NV increased its stake in Intercontinental Exchange Inc. (NYSE:ICE) by 679.6% during the fourth quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The institutional investor owned 34,310 shares of the company’s stock after buying an additional 29,909 shares during the period. ING Groep NV’s holdings in Intercontinental Exchange were worth $1,938,000 at the end of the most recent quarter. Other hedge funds and other institutional investors also recently added to or reduced their stakes in the company. Institutional Capital LLC raised its position in shares of Intercontinental Exchange by 380.6% in the fourth quarter. Institutional Capital LLC now owns 4,385,442 shares of the company’s stock valued at $247,426,000 after buying an additional 3,473,013 shares during the period. Russell Investments Group Ltd. bought a new stake in Intercontinental Exchange during the fourth quarter valued at $105,315,000. JPMorgan Chase & Co. increased its stake in Intercontinental Exchange by 25.8% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 3,595,696 shares of the company’s stock valued at $969,153,000 after buying an additional 738,354 shares in the last quarter. The Manufacturers Life Insurance Company bought a new stake in Intercontinental Exchange during the third quarter valued at $16,804,000. Finally, Neuberger Berman Group LLC increased its stake in Intercontinental Exchange by 11.5% in the second quarter. Neuberger Berman Group LLC now owns 1,637,694 shares of the company’s stock valued at $419,184,000 after buying an additional 168,569 shares in the last quarter. Institutional investors own 20.79% of the company’s stock. Shares of Intercontinental Exchange Inc. (NYSE:ICE) traded up 0.31% during trading on Friday, reaching $57.76. 2,204,853 shares of the company’s stock traded hands. Intercontinental Exchange Inc. has a 1-year low of $45.44 and a 1-year high of $60.54. The stock has a 50-day moving average of $57.39 and a 200-day moving average of $55.80. The company has a market capitalization of $6.65 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 24.37 and a beta of 0.96. Intercontinental Exchange (NYSE:ICE) last announced its earnings results on Tuesday, February 7th. The company reported $0.71 earnings per share for the quarter, beating the consensus estimate of $0.69 by $0.02. The business earned $1.10 billion during the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $1.14 billion. Intercontinental Exchange had a net margin of 23.87% and a return on equity of 10.79%. The business’s quarterly revenue was up 30.1% compared to the same quarter last year. During the same period in the prior year, the firm earned $3.27 earnings per share. On average, equities analysts predict that Intercontinental Exchange Inc. will post $3.00 EPS for the current fiscal year. The company also recently announced a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Friday, June 30th. Stockholders of record on Friday, June 16th will be paid a $0.20 dividend. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Wednesday, June 14th. This represents a $0.80 annualized dividend and a dividend yield of 1.39%. Intercontinental Exchange’s dividend payout ratio (DPR) is presently 28.64%. TRADEMARK VIOLATION WARNING: This piece of content was reported by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are viewing this piece of content on another domain, it was copied illegally and republished in violation of US and international trademark and copyright legislation. The legal version of this piece of content can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/02/10/intercontinental-exchange-inc-ice-shares-bought-by-ing-groep-nv.html. A number of equities analysts recently commented on ICE shares. Zacks Investment Research raised shares of Intercontinental Exchange from a “sell” rating to a “hold” rating in a research note on Thursday, October 27th. Jefferies Group LLC upped their price target on Intercontinental Exchange from $62.00 to $66.00 and gave the stock a “buy” rating in a research report on Tuesday, December 20th. Finally, Evercore ISI reaffirmed a “buy” rating and set a $63.00 price target on shares of Intercontinental Exchange in a research report on Saturday, December 17th. Four equities research analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and nine have issued a buy rating to the company. The company presently has a consensus rating of “Buy” and an average price target of $60.27. In other news, Director William Jefferson Hague sold 600 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction on Wednesday, December 21st. The shares were sold at an average price of $58.07, for a total value of $34,842.00. The sale was disclosed in a filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is available through the SEC website. Also, insider Charles A. Vice sold 5,000 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction on Thursday, January 5th. The shares were sold at an average price of $57.08, for a total transaction of $285,400.00. Following the completion of the transaction, the insider now owns 304,915 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $17,404,548.20. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Insiders sold 39,575 shares of company stock valued at $2,349,625 over the last 90 days. Insiders own 1.40% of the company’s stock. Intercontinental Exchange Company Profile Intercontinental Exchange Inc, formerly IntercontinentalExchange Group, Inc, is a network of regulated exchanges and clearing houses for financial and commodity markets. The Company delivers transparent and accessible data, technology and risk management services to markets around the world through its portfolio of exchanges, including the New York Stock Exchange, ICE Futures, Liffe and Euronext. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding ICE? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Intercontinental Exchange Inc. (NYSE:ICE). Receive News & Ratings for Intercontinental Exchange Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Intercontinental Exchange Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News White House Announces Conway Was Counseled Warren Receives Support After GOP Formally Silences Her Report: Trump Was Not Completely Briefed on Bannon NSC Seat Justice Department Will Challenge Stop to Travel Ban President Trump Cancels Harley-Davidson Trip Due to Possible Protests © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy   Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Vornado Realty Trust - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Vornado Realty Trust with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Blackrock Throgmorton Trust PLC (THRG) Increases Dividend to GBX 6.25 Per Share Pattern Energy Group Inc. (PEGI) Stock Rating Lowered by Zacks Investment Research Analysts Issue Forecasts for Akamai Technologies, Inc.’s Q1 2017 Earnings (AKAM) Allergan PLC. (AGN) Forecasted to Post Q1 2017 Earnings of $3.55 Per Share AngioDynamics, Inc. (ANGO) Receives $16.63 Average Target Price from Brokerages Sanatana Resources Inc (STA) Director Peter Leighton Miles Purchases 372,000 Shares of Stock Alexander & Baldwin Holdings, Inc. (ALEX) Director Stanley M. Kuriyama Sells 4,250 Shares Nicholas Financial, Inc. (NICK) Major Shareholder Magnolia Capital Fund, Lp Purchases 19,196 Shares Brokerages Anticipate Air Methods Corporation (AIRM) to Post $0.61 Earnings Per Share Owens Corning Inc (OC) Upgraded to Hold by Zacks Investment Research Avon Products, Inc. (AVP) Forecasted to Post Q1 2017 Earnings of $0.05 Per Share Analysts Offer Predictions for Camden Property Trust’s Q1 2017 Earnings (CPT) Jefferies Group Comments on CenturyLink, Inc.’s Q1 2017 Earnings (CTL) Brokerages Set Computer Programs and Systems, Inc. (CPSI) Price Target at $34.55 Seaport Global Securities Brokers Cut Earnings Estimates for Diamond Offshore Drilling, Inc. (DO) Daniel Kerzner Sells 36,000 Shares of Alarm.com Holdings, Inc. (ALRM) Stock Elissa Fink Sells 5,000 Shares of Tableau Software, Inc. (DATA) Stock Eaton Vance Tax-Managed Global Buy-Write (ETW) to Issue $0.10 Monthly Dividend Fiserv, Inc. to Post Q1 2017 Earnings of $1.18 Per Share, SunTrust Banks Forecasts (FISV) Marriott International (MAR) Receives $83.98 Average Target Price from Brokerages Cadence Capital Management LLC Acquires 5,070 Shares of Vornado Realty Trust (VNO) February 10th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Tyrone Williams Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Cadence Capital Management LLC raised its position in shares of Vornado Realty Trust (NYSE:VNO) by 93.1% during the fourth quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The fund owned 10,517 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock after buying an additional 5,070 shares during the period. Cadence Capital Management LLC’s holdings in Vornado Realty Trust were worth $1,098,000 as of its most recent SEC filing. Other hedge funds have also made changes to their positions in the company. Morgan Stanley boosted its stake in shares of Vornado Realty Trust by 0.6% in the third quarter. Morgan Stanley now owns 8,914,752 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock worth $902,263,000 after buying an additional 55,207 shares during the last quarter. BlackRock Fund Advisors raised its stake in Vornado Realty Trust by 2.8% in the third quarter. BlackRock Fund Advisors now owns 5,448,121 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock worth $551,404,000 after buying an additional 145,952 shares during the period. Lasalle Investment Management Securities LLC raised its stake in Vornado Realty Trust by 9.4% in the third quarter. Lasalle Investment Management Securities LLC now owns 4,679,112 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock worth $473,573,000 after buying an additional 403,682 shares during the period. JPMorgan Chase & Co. raised its stake in Vornado Realty Trust by 23.7% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 4,508,628 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock worth $456,317,000 after buying an additional 865,285 shares during the period. Finally, Shinko Asset Management Co. Ltd. raised its stake in Vornado Realty Trust by 4.8% in the third quarter. Shinko Asset Management Co. Ltd. now owns 4,117,548 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock worth $416,737,000 after buying an additional 188,032 shares during the period. Institutional investors own 89.24% of the company’s stock. Vornado Realty Trust (NYSE:VNO) traded up 1.191% during midday trading on Friday, hitting $106.645. 303,016 shares of the stock traded hands. The firm’s 50-day moving average is $105.31 and its 200-day moving average is $100.96. Vornado Realty Trust has a 52-week low of $80.48 and a 52-week high of $108.69. The company has a market cap of $20.16 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 50.281 and a beta of 0.88. The firm also recently declared a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Wednesday, February 15th. Investors of record on Monday, January 30th will be given a $0.71 dividend. This represents a $2.84 annualized dividend and a yield of 2.69%. The ex-dividend date is Thursday, January 26th. This is a boost from Vornado Realty Trust’s previous quarterly dividend of $0.63. Vornado Realty Trust’s payout ratio is currently 133.96%. WARNING: This piece was published by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are reading this piece on another website, it was illegally stolen and republished in violation of United States and international copyright laws. The correct version of this piece can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/02/10/cadence-capital-management-llc-acquires-5070-shares-of-vornado-realty-trust-vno.html. A number of equities analysts have recently commented on the stock. JPMorgan Chase & Co. increased their price target on shares of Vornado Realty Trust from $110.00 to $115.00 and gave the stock an “overweight” rating in a report on Wednesday, November 30th. Bank of America Corporation raised shares of Vornado Realty Trust from a “neutral” rating to a “buy” rating and increased their price target for the stock from $108.00 to $114.00 in a report on Friday, November 11th. Finally, Barclays PLC reduced their target price on shares of Vornado Realty Trust from $103.00 to $101.00 and set a “hold” rating on the stock in a report on Monday, January 23rd. Five analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and six have issued a buy rating to the company. The stock presently has an average rating of “Buy” and an average price target of $107.61. In related news, EVP Joseph Macnow sold 40,000 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction on Thursday, December 8th. The shares were sold at an average price of $102.98, for a total value of $4,119,200.00. Following the sale, the executive vice president now owns 30,000 shares in the company, valued at $3,089,400. The sale was disclosed in a document filed with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is available at the SEC website. Also, insider Mitchell N. Schear sold 15,000 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction on Thursday, December 29th. The stock was sold at an average price of $102.64, for a total transaction of $1,539,600.00. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Insiders own 9.72% of the company’s stock. About Vornado Realty Trust Vornado Realty Trust is a fully integrated real estate investment trust (REIT). The Company conducts its business through, and its interests in properties are held by, Vornado Realty L.P. (the Operating Partnership). It is the sole general partner of, and owns common limited partnership interest in the Operating Partnership. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding VNO? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Vornado Realty Trust (NYSE:VNO). Receive News & Ratings for Vornado Realty Trust Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Vornado Realty Trust and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News White House Announces Conway Was Counseled Warren Receives Support After GOP Formally Silences Her Report: Trump Was Not Completely Briefed on Bannon NSC Seat Justice Department Will Challenge Stop to Travel Ban President Trump Cancels Harley-Davidson Trip Due to Possible Protests © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
  Markets Stocks Indices Commodities Currencies Mutual Funds ETFs Bonds News SIGN IN BUSINESS INSIDER       PORTFOLIO SEARCH Markets Stocks Indices Commodities Currencies Mutual Funds ETFs Bonds News CANCEL JPMorgan's head of US equities on the dollar, market volatility, and where investors should put their money in 2017 Tina Wadhwa Feb. 10, 2017, 11:49 AM Bloomberg Business Insider recently caught up with Dubravko Lakos-Bujas, the head of US Equity Strategy at JPMorgan. In the interview, Lakos-Bujas discusses dollar strength, market volatility and where investors should put their money in 2017. This interview has been edited for clarity and length. Tina Wadhwa: So, first, just a broad question. What are the big themes of the moment on your mind? What are you worried about, what are you excited about? Dubravko Lakos-Bujas: I would say dollar strength and the dollar strengthening further. And some of that could come on the back of current corporate tax reform proposals like the border tax adjustments that could impact the dollar upwards. So dollar strength is clearly one key source of risk for equities. The second one is interest rates, basically higher rates that result in further tightening. Wadhwa: Stocks on the whole have been rallying to all time highs since the news of Trump’s election. Have markets failed to price in the policy uncertainty of a Trump presidency? Are we starting to price it in now? Lakos-Bujas: So first of all we generally see the proposals that have been suggested by the new administration, looking at them based on all the information we have available right now, as a net net positive. As sort of pro-growth.  Clearly we had a very early call on that, and we basically came out with with a tactical S&P price target of 2300 that we thought we were going to reach in early 2017. We came out with that the day after the US election. That’s the more immediate effect that we thought could take place as the market starts to price in some of these proposals and a more pro-business agenda. There’s a lot of uncertainty so it’s hard to quantify things that precisely, but generally our view is net net constructive and we have reached this first leg up on the market. It took place relatively quickly pricing in some of these things in anticipation. What I think you’ll likely see now in the coming months is some elevated degree of volatility and elevated degree of dispersion across stocks and across industries as the market basically starts to gradually digest a lot of the views coming out. I would say in the coming months you’ll see a lot of potential volatility, and later in the year, some further small upside, so our 2017 price target is 2400. Wadhwa: Given the uncertainty you speak of, how can investors protect themselves? Lakos-Bujas: That’s not an easy one. You have two sides of it. One - you get a 5% pull back in the market, just given that generally fundamentals are relatively okay. Profit cycles are normalizing. Many people might use that weakness in the market to step in and buy at a cheaper level. There’s no simple way of answering that. You could look at ways of hedging your portfolio by buying volatility, buying volatility insurance, buying insurance by being long volatility, in case you do start to see some disruption or risk factors kicking in, be it on the US side with respect to these proposals or be it on the foreign side as far as geopolitics and elections. We’re going to see elections in France, Germany, the Netherlands. There’s a lot of unknowns. The second thing is if you believe that a strong dollar and rising rates are going to continue tightening conditions, don’t be surprised if at some point the Fed turns marginally more dovish, which means that gold and gold miners might be an interesting hedge to an existing portfolio. Wadhwa: President Trump is known for his impulsive tweets, on everything from particular companies to particular people. How does an investor handle this? Are we just one tweetstorm away from a crash? REUTERS/Carlos BarriaLakos-Bujas: You have to keep in mind that if you look at the events of 2016, a lot happened. If anything, at the end of the day, the fear factor may have been elevated, but markets turned out to be fairly resilient. There was some volatility but the volatility in many cases was fairly short lived and net net the markets were fairly resilient. I think these tweets could create some degree of noise or volatility, but I think the markets adapt and eventually cut through the noise. The more you see this happen, I think the more that the markets will basically adjust. I don’t think the markets will be all over the place on the back on that. Wadhwa: What makes the market so resilient? Lakos-Bujas: Because I think for one you do see an environment when central bankers globally remain very cautious. Even though the Fed is looking to normalize policy, still you could say that policy is relatively accommodative and that provides some form of synthetic floor. In the fundamental backdrop in terms of earnings and the profit cycle, things in general are improving and they’re normalizing. I wouldn’t call them very strong, but they’re okay. So if you look at our expectation for this year in terms of earnings, we’re calling for 7 - 8% upside in terms of earnings delivery. Wadhwa: Dating back to 1910, history shows that after a two term government has changed and a new government comes in, regardless of which side of the house they’re from, there’s a strong chance of a recession within 12 months. Are we headed for a recession in 2017? Lakos-Bujas: I don’t have a strong view on that. I’ve looked at the history, I’ve looked at previous election cycles, Republican versus Democratic party, incumbent versus non incumbent etc., and from all of the in depth analysis that we do, and we find the relationship to be statistically very weak. So I have a very hard time deriving judgment on the back of that information. I think we have a fairly unique environment today and you need to look at it in full context. It’s hard to sort of make a broad brushed historical comparison there. Wadhwa: In your view, what’s the the biggest risk to the global economy? Thomson ReutersLakos-Bujas: One is the dollar. The dollar continues to strengthen. The dollar on a global trade weighted basis has increased by about 20-25% over the course of the last 2-3 years. If that trend persists, you could see the global economy getting further pressurized. Keep in mind that 60% give or take of the global economy directly or indirectly is linked to the dollar. The dollar plays a very important role. That’s one key risk to look at. The second risk is what happens with rates. There’s a good amount of leverage in the system, especially if you look at corporates. US corporates ex-financials - leverage there is pretty much in line with all time highs, back to the 2007 levels. There’s less room for tolerating a significant amount of rate increases. And we need to see what happens on the trade side. If the US does adopt significant changes on the border side and that ends up resulting in significant retaliatory effects from some of our biggest trading partners like China, that clearly can affect the global economy. Wadhwa: Speaking of China, what’s your outlook? What’s going to happen there? Lakos-Bujas: Our research department’s outlook for China is still basically calling for positive growth, pretty much in line with what we saw for last year. Generally I think the macroeconomic momentum and data coming out of China and more broadly EM over the last 3-6 months has been positive. The trend has generally been positive there. So I think the outlook for us is on the positive side. Wadhwa: Turning back to equities, what sectors do you recommend? What sectors should we stay out of? Shutterstock/ChameleonsEyeLakos-Bujas: Within equities, we have been early on the reflation trade. We went overweight energy in December 2015. We went overweight materials in January 2016 and we also entered the financials trade in late 2015 which may have been a little bit too early, but so far it’s been paying off. Those are our three higher conviction sector overweights that I do think have more room to run, especially financials. The fourth one I would add into that bucket is healthcare. I like healthcare. I do see healthcare as a sector that will likely continue to print superior growth. Valuations have come down quite a lot. Valuation wise it’s attractive. Headline risk isn’t going to go away necessarily given the new administration, but I think a lot of the negativity around headline risk is already priced in. Wadhwa: 2016 saw a massive flow of funds from active into passive management, but many analysts see an upside for active investing in 2017. What’s your view? Is this trend likely to reverse? Lakos-Bujas: We’ve published a lot on this topic and clearly you have seen this big trend and rotation from the fundamental active equity world into the passive equity world. There are multiple reasons behind this. 2016 was the worst rotation from active to passive at least in the last 10 years, if not longer. The drivers behind this are twofold. You have cyclical drivers and structural drivers. Structural drivers won’t necessarily go away anytime soon. Structural drivers include everything from technological advancement to significant increases in computing power. Passive products have benefitted from these trends, and we have seen a proliferation of quant type products, smart beta, low vol, which are more passive in nature. They tend to give the end client more transparency and more liquidity. There's also been a huge focus on fees. I don't think those structural drivers go away anytime soon. They continue to persist. And the move flows underneath from active into passive. The cyclical drivers could be the growth environment and the interest rate environment. The outlook is somewhat more constructive going forward, and if we expect the dispersion will generally likely pick up given all of these moving variables on the policy side and on the macro side, that should bode well for your fundamental active manager. From a cyclical point of view, as you go into 2017, maybe 2018, I think there are going to be some positives. But I think these positives continue to get pressurized by some these negative structural effects. So I would say I’m not so sure that you will now see a complete reversal in this rotation, but I think you’ll see a slowdown in this rotation from active into passive. Christopher Furlong/Getty ImagesWadhwa: What are your views on the way Brexit is unfolding and on the upcoming European elections? What are you worried about and what do you see as the biggest risks? Lakos-Bujas: I think it's still very unclear what a Brexit means in terms of outright trade. How does trade get renegotiated? Is there basically a hard stop or is there some kind of middle ground? It’s very hard to say. Clearly some degree of negativity has already been priced in, but then again I think we’re sort of in a wait and see mode to see what exactly takes place there. Plus Brexit could take awhile to play out - it could take years.  I think the more imminent risk are the elections in the Eurozone area - Netherlands, France, Germany. Brexit and the US election do provide a reference point and at least some precedent of what could happen with these upcoming European elections. So is there a possibility of a tail risk event there? Clearly there is. I don’t think we should be underestimating that. But I think our base case remains one where net net you will see a relatively balanced outcome. Could you see periods where volatility sort of spikes all of a sudden and you get these sort of fat tail risks play out? You could, but our net net case is that the underlying fundamentals and the macro backdrop will continue to gradually improve and that will be the more important factor. Momentum will likely continue to stay positive. SHARE THIS POST Gainers & LosersMore Dow Jones S&P 500 NASDAQ 100 Caterpillar Rg 96.31 2.50 % Nike -B- 56.22 1.65 % Boeing Co Rg 166.23 1.19 % Procter&Gamble Rg 87.97 -0.79 % Wal-Mart Stores Rg 68.02 -1.53 % Coca-Cola Co Rg 40.58 -1.62 % your MARKET VIEW Your Personalized Market Center Find News GO Home / News / Stock News / JPMorgan's head of US equities on the dollar, market volatility, and where investors should put their money in 2017 Follow us Need help? Contact us! Visit our network Copyright © 2016 Business Insider Inc. and finanzen.net GmbH (Imprint). All rights reserved. Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service amd Privacy Policy Disclaimer | Commerce Policy | Stock quotes by finanzen.net International Editions: UK | DE | AUS | ID | IN | MY | SG | PL | SE
Home About/Contact US Privacy Policy Staff Daily Email Updates Headlines Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Investing Och-Ziff Capital Management Group LLC - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Och-Ziff Capital Management Group LLC with our FREE daily email newsletter: Recent Posts Ares Capital Corporation (ARCC) Position Raised by Chicago Partners Investment Group LLC Gabelli Reiterates Buy Rating for Bioverativ Inc (BIVV) Arrowgrass Capital Partners LLP Buys New Stake in Mylan N.V. (MYL) TLP Group LLC Has $514,000 Stake in Citigroup Inc. (C) TLP Group LLC Sells 7,843 Shares of Arrow Electronics, Inc. (ARW) Norfolk Souther Corporation (NSC) Stake Boosted by TLP Group LLC Tableau Software, Inc. (DATA) Position Increased by UBS Oconnor LLC CQS Cayman LP Buys New Position in AMC Entertainment Holdings, Inc. (AMC) CQS Cayman LP Sells 15,000 Shares of Pretium Resources, Inc. (PVG) CQS Cayman LP Has $838,000 Stake in Parsley Energy, Inc. (PE) CQS Cayman LP Buys New Position in Och-Ziff Capital Management Group LLC (OZM) CQS Cayman LP Acquires Shares of 15,000 Chemtura Corp. (CHMT) Nike, Inc. (NKE) Shares Bought by Two Sigma Securities LLC Two Sigma Securities LLC Acquires 4,667 Shares of Monsanto Company (MON) Insider Buying: Coro Mining Corp. (COP) Director Buys C$17,000.00 in Stock Southwest Airlines Company (LUV) Position Increased by Two Sigma Advisers LP UBS Oconnor LLC Sells 64,239 Shares of Danaher Corporation (DHR) American Airlines Group, Inc. (AAL) Shares Sold by UBS Oconnor LLC Q3 2017 EPS Estimates for Illumina, Inc. (ILMN) Lowered by Analyst Brown Brothers Harriman & Co. Sells 1,231 Shares of Costco Wholesale Corporation (COST) CQS Cayman LP Buys New Position in Och-Ziff Capital Management Group LLC (OZM) Posted by Jacob Kohn on Feb 10th, 2017 // No Comments Tweet CQS Cayman LP bought a new position in shares of Och-Ziff Capital Management Group LLC (NYSE:OZM) during the third quarter, according to its most recent Form 13F filing with the SEC. The firm bought 162,000 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $703,000. CQS Cayman LP owned about 0.09% of Och-Ziff Capital Management Group at the end of the most recent quarter. A number of other large investors also recently made changes to their positions in OZM. Springhouse Capital Management LP boosted its stake in shares of Och-Ziff Capital Management Group by 33.7% in the third quarter. Springhouse Capital Management LP now owns 2,190,311 shares of the company’s stock worth $9,506,000 after buying an additional 551,687 shares during the period. Chesapeake Asset Management LLC bought a new stake in shares of Och-Ziff Capital Management Group during the third quarter worth approximately $282,000. JPMorgan Chase & Co. boosted its stake in shares of Och-Ziff Capital Management Group by 49.6% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 4,772,358 shares of the company’s stock worth $20,712,000 after buying an additional 1,582,140 shares during the period. California Public Employees Retirement System boosted its stake in shares of Och-Ziff Capital Management Group by 4.0% in the third quarter. California Public Employees Retirement System now owns 111,000 shares of the company’s stock worth $482,000 after buying an additional 4,300 shares during the period. Finally, Telemus Capital LLC boosted its stake in shares of Och-Ziff Capital Management Group by 1,730.9% in the third quarter. Telemus Capital LLC now owns 302,100 shares of the company’s stock worth $1,311,000 after buying an additional 285,600 shares during the period. Hedge funds and other institutional investors own 53.21% of the company’s stock. Shares of Och-Ziff Capital Management Group LLC (NYSE:OZM) remained flat at $3.59 on Friday. The company’s stock had a trading volume of 65,102 shares. Och-Ziff Capital Management Group LLC has a 52-week low of $2.65 and a 52-week high of $4.78. The firm’s 50-day moving average price is $3.27 and its 200 day moving average price is $3.44. The firm’s market cap is $652.32 million. TRADEMARK VIOLATION WARNING: “CQS Cayman LP Buys New Position in Och-Ziff Capital Management Group LLC (OZM)” was first reported by Web Breaking News and is the property of of Web Breaking News. If you are viewing this piece on another domain, it was illegally stolen and republished in violation of US & international copyright and trademark legislation. The correct version of this piece can be viewed at http://www.webbreakingnews.com/2017/02/10/cqs-cayman-lp-buys-new-position-in-och-ziff-capital-management-group-llc-ozm.html. A number of equities research analysts have commented on the company. Zacks Investment Research cut Och-Ziff Capital Management Group from a “strong-buy” rating to a “hold” rating in a report on Tuesday, January 10th. Jefferies Group LLC restated a “hold” rating and set a $3.00 price objective on shares of Och-Ziff Capital Management Group in a report on Tuesday, November 8th. Credit Suisse Group restated a “hold” rating and set a $3.00 price objective on shares of Och-Ziff Capital Management Group in a report on Monday, November 7th. Citigroup Inc. upgraded Och-Ziff Capital Management Group from a “sell” rating to a “neutral” rating and set a $3.00 price objective on the stock in a report on Monday, November 7th. Finally, Keefe, Bruyette & Woods set a $4.00 price objective on Och-Ziff Capital Management Group and gave the stock a “hold” rating in a report on Friday, October 14th. One analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, six have assigned a hold rating and three have assigned a buy rating to the company’s stock. Och-Ziff Capital Management Group currently has an average rating of “Hold” and a consensus target price of $4.08. In other news, major shareholder Abrams Capital Management, L.P acquired 1,357,680 shares of the stock in a transaction on Tuesday, January 24th. The shares were purchased at an average cost of $3.20 per share, for a total transaction of $4,344,576.00. The acquisition was disclosed in a legal filing with the SEC, which is accessible through this link. Also, insider Erez Elisha sold 27,669 shares of Och-Ziff Capital Management Group stock in a transaction that occurred on Friday, December 30th. The stock was sold at an average price of $3.25, for a total transaction of $89,924.25. Following the transaction, the insider now owns 27,669 shares in the company, valued at $89,924.25. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Insiders acquired 4,036,907 shares of company stock worth $12,936,401 in the last ninety days. 63.20% of the stock is owned by corporate insiders. About Och-Ziff Capital Management Group Och-Ziff Capital Management Group LLC (Och-Ziff) is an institutional alternative asset manager. The Company provides asset management services through its funds, which pursue a range of global investment opportunities. The Company operates through two segments: the Och-Ziff Funds and Other Operations. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding OZM? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Och-Ziff Capital Management Group LLC (NYSE:OZM). Receive News & Ratings for Och-Ziff Capital Management Group LLC Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Och-Ziff Capital Management Group LLC and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter. « Previous CQS Cayman LP Acquires Shares of 15,000 Chemtura Corp. (CHMT) Next » CQS Cayman LP Has $838,000 Stake in Parsley Energy, Inc. (PE) Latest News Nike Suspends Relationship with Maria Sharapova Rob Bironas Ex-Titans Kicker Dies in Car Crash Ron Washington Leaves Texas Rangers Due to an Affair Jonathan Dwyer Falls in Line with Other Banned NFL Players Tony Stewart Case Going to the Grand Jury Oscar Pistorius “Blade Runner” Found Not Guilty of Murder Leave a Reply Click here to cancel reply. Name (Required) Mail (will not be published) (Required) Website   Home Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Headlines Investing © 2006-2017 Web Breaking News.
/ Big Data Zone Over a million developers have joined DZone. Sign In / Join {{node.title}} {{node.type}} · {{ node.urlSource.name }} · by {{node.authors[0].realName }} DOWNLOAD {{node.downloads}} {{totalResults}} search results Refcardz Guides Zones | Agile Big Data Cloud Database DevOps Integration IoT Java Mobile Performance Security Web Dev Let's be friends: How Big U.S. Banks Will Use APIs to Share Data Big U.S. banks will continue to add partners to access customer banking data. This is a marked change in their stance from an earlier position of reluctance to do so. by Karthick Viswanathan · Feb. 10, 17 · Big Data Zone Like (0) Comment (0) Save Tweet {{ articles[0].views | formatCount}} Views Edit Delete {{ articles[0].isLocked ? 'Enable' : 'Disable' }} comments {{ articles[0].isLimited ? 'Remove comment limits' : 'Enable moderated comments' }} Join the DZone community and get the full member experience. Join For Free Learn how you can maximize big data in the cloud with Apache Hadoop. Download this eBook now. Brought to you in partnership with Hortonworks. 2017 could be a watershed year for how US-based banks and third-party app providers oshare data with each other. Since the start of this new year, two U.S. banks (JPMorgan Chase and Wells Fargo) have made significant announcements about their agreements to share data with Intuit securely through APIs. This is a marked change in the stance by big U.S. banks from their earlier position of reluctance towards allowing third-party personal finance management apps to access their customer banking data. Since there was no formal way of data sharing agreement between banks and third-party apps, the latter had to adopt the older insecure approach called screen scraping. These third-party personal financial management apps (made by companies like Intuit and Yodlee) currently use screen scraping. The user has to provide his or her banking username and password to these apps. These apps will then automatically log in using those user credentials, screen-scrape the bank data, and use it for reporting in its apps. This was problematic in multiple accounts, the most important being that the user had to share their user credentials with third-party apps. From the bank’s perspective, there was a heavy load on their servers, and this was affecting their banking website performance and operations. However, the explosion of the smartphones and mobile apps and the evolution of FinTech companies has created an environment where the third-party apps have become indispensable, a situation that the banks dislike, and their banking apps will never be able to replace them in terms of their effectiveness. In fact, banking regulators in Europe realized this a while back and instructed their banks to share data through APIs. The agreement between JPMorgan Chase and Intuit says that they will introduce Open Authentication and will exchange data through the Open Financial Exchange (OFX) 2.2 API. JPMorgan Chase customers will avoid giving their banking usernames and passwords since the technology will use an API token-based approach to authorizing Intuit apps to download the requested account information. Similar to the way apps in the social media world operate using OAuth, you can expect third-party apps to ask permission to access sensitive banking data. This is a huge improvement — you end up only sharing particular information in your bank accounts instead of the entire data being screen scraped. Good news for all the tech and citizen developers out there in the FinTech industry is that these big banks are not going to limit their partnerships only to Intuit. Banks are going to add more and more partners to access their customer's banking data. Therefore, there is an opportunity waiting to make it big and innovative with live bank data. What are you waiting for? Hortonworks DataFlow is an integrated platform that makes data ingestion fast, easy, and secure. Download the white paper now.  Brought to you in partnership with Hortonworks.  Like This Article? Read More From DZone The Sustained API Assault on the Banking Industry How Are Banks Responding to the Fintech Revolution? Future of FinTech Depends on APIs Free Resource R Essentials Topics: api ,fintech ,banks ,data sharing ,big data DOWNLOAD Like (0) Comment (0) Save Tweet {{ articles[0].views | formatCount}} Views Edit Delete {{ articles[0].isLocked ? 'Enable' : 'Disable' }} comments {{ articles[0].isLimited ? 'Remove comment limits' : 'Enable moderated comments' }} Opinions expressed by DZone contributors are their own. Big Data Partner Resources The Rise of Stream Processing Hortonworks Closing the Gaps in Data Warehousing Panoply Architecting and Building Big Data Lakes Zaloni Data Warehousing Trends Report 2017 Panoply Five Attributes of a Connected Architecture Hortonworks An Exclusive Report on Big Data Management Software for the Data-Driven Enterprise Zaloni Integrating Apache Hadoop with the Enterprise Data Warehouse Hortonworks The best of DZone straight to your inbox. SEE AN EXAMPLE SUBSCRIBE Please provide a valid email address. Thanks for subscribing! Awesome! Check your inbox to verify your email so you can start receiving the latest in tech news and resources. Subscribe {{ editionName }} {{ node.blurb }} {{ ::node.title }} {{ parent.title || parent.header.title}} {{ parent.tldr }} {{ parent.linkDescription }} {{ parent.urlSource.name }} by {{ parent.authors[0].realName || parent.author}} · {{ parent.articleDate | date:'MMM. dd, yyyy' }} {{ parent.linkDate | date:'MMM. dd, yyyy' }} · {{ parent.portal.name }} Zone Tweet {{ parent.views }} ViewsClicks Edit Delete {{ parent.isLocked ? 'Enable' : 'Disable' }} comments {{ parent.isLimited ? 'Remove comment limits' : 'Enable moderated comments' }}
Home About/Contact US Privacy Policy Staff Daily Email Updates Headlines Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Investing Planet Payment Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Planet Payment Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Recent Posts Advantus Capital Management Inc Acquires 8,900 Shares of Equinix, Inc. (EQIX) Ventas, Inc. (VTR) Stake Boosted by Advantus Capital Management Inc Advantus Capital Management Inc Boosts Stake in Brixmor Property Group Inc. (BRX) Advantus Capital Management Inc Has $17,047,000 Stake in Extra Space Storage Inc (EXR) Johnson Investment Counsel Inc. Sells 6,130 Shares of Marsh & McLennan Companies, Inc. (MMC) IBERIABANK Corporation (IBKC) Position Lowered by Johnson Investment Counsel Inc. Johnson Investment Counsel Inc. Boosts Position in V.F. Corporation (VFC) 333,260 Shares in Zoetis Inc. (ZTS) Acquired by Johnson Investment Counsel Inc. Johnson Investment Counsel Inc. Sells 695 Shares of Cognizant Technology Solutions Corporation (CTSH) Zacks Investment Research Downgrades M/I Homes, Inc. (MHO) to Strong Sell MSA Safety Incorporporated (MSA) Rating Increased to Hold at Zacks Investment Research MidSouth Bancorp (MSL) Rating Lowered to Hold at Zacks Investment Research Daimler AG (DDAIF) Rating Lowered to Neutral at Citigroup Inc. Concordia International Corp. (CXRX) Stock Rating Lowered by TD Securities Empresa Distribuidora Y Comercializadora Norte S.A. (Edenor) (EDN) Rating Lowered to Neutral at Bank of America Corporation Apache Corporation (APA) Position Reduced by TLP Group LLC TLP Group LLC Maintains Stake in CSX Corporation (CSX) Drexel Hamilton Increases Twilio Inc (TWLO) Price Target to $50.00 Barclays PLC Increases CDW Corporation (CDW) Price Target to $62.00 TLP Group LLC Purchases New Stake in Netflix, Inc. (NFLX) Blue Clay Capital Management LLC Buys New Stake in Planet Payment, Inc. (PLPM) Posted by Dave Schultz on Feb 10th, 2017 // No Comments Tweet Blue Clay Capital Management LLC bought a new position in Planet Payment, Inc. (NASDAQ:PLPM) during the third quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The fund bought 53,333 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $198,000. Blue Clay Capital Management LLC owned approximately 0.11% of Planet Payment at the end of the most recent reporting period. Other large investors also recently added to or reduced their stakes in the company. Springbank Value Partners LP boosted its stake in Planet Payment by 511.1% in the third quarter. Springbank Value Partners LP now owns 27,500 shares of the company’s stock valued at $102,000 after buying an additional 23,000 shares during the period. Value Holdings LP boosted its stake in Planet Payment by 425.9% in the third quarter. Value Holdings LP now owns 100,974 shares of the company’s stock valued at $375,000 after buying an additional 81,774 shares during the period. Marathon Capital Management boosted its stake in Planet Payment by 0.6% in the third quarter. Marathon Capital Management now owns 1,678,150 shares of the company’s stock valued at $6,226,000 after buying an additional 9,250 shares during the period. JPMorgan Chase & Co. boosted its stake in Planet Payment by 1.4% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 438,200 shares of the company’s stock valued at $1,626,000 after buying an additional 5,900 shares during the period. Finally, Stanley Laman Group Ltd. boosted its stake in Planet Payment by 6.1% in the third quarter. Stanley Laman Group Ltd. now owns 41,509 shares of the company’s stock valued at $154,000 after buying an additional 2,400 shares during the period. 51.88% of the stock is currently owned by hedge funds and other institutional investors. Planet Payment, Inc. (NASDAQ:PLPM) opened at 4.26 on Friday. Planet Payment, Inc. has a 1-year low of $2.51 and a 1-year high of $4.97. The stock has a 50 day moving average price of $4.22 and a 200 day moving average price of $3.90. The company has a market cap of $209.50 million, a P/E ratio of 21.09 and a beta of 0.70. TRADEMARK VIOLATION NOTICE: This piece was published by Web Breaking News and is owned by of Web Breaking News. If you are viewing this piece on another website, it was copied illegally and reposted in violation of U.S. and international copyright legislation. The original version of this piece can be viewed at http://www.webbreakingnews.com/2017/02/10/blue-clay-capital-management-llc-buys-new-stake-in-planet-payment-inc-plpm.html. Separately, Feltl & Co. reaffirmed a “buy” rating on shares of Planet Payment in a research report on Thursday, January 12th. One research analyst has rated the stock with a hold rating and five have issued a buy rating to the company’s stock. Planet Payment currently has a consensus rating of “Buy” and an average target price of $5.15. Planet Payment Company Profile Planet Payment, Inc is a provider of international payment and transaction processing and multi-currency processing services. The Company operates through two segments: multi-currency processing services and payment processing services. Its multi-currency processing services segment includes Pay In Your Currency, Multi-Currency Pricing and Dynamic Currency Conversion at automated teller machines, enable merchants to offer customized pricing in multiple currencies. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding PLPM? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Planet Payment, Inc. (NASDAQ:PLPM). Receive News & Ratings for Planet Payment Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Planet Payment Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter. « Previous 100,000 Shares in Neonode Inc. (NEON) Acquired by Blue Clay Capital Management LLC Next » Stage Stores, Inc. (SSI) Raised to Neutral at Northcoast Research Latest News Nike Suspends Relationship with Maria Sharapova Rob Bironas Ex-Titans Kicker Dies in Car Crash Ron Washington Leaves Texas Rangers Due to an Affair Jonathan Dwyer Falls in Line with Other Banned NFL Players Tony Stewart Case Going to the Grand Jury Oscar Pistorius “Blade Runner” Found Not Guilty of Murder Leave a Reply Click here to cancel reply. Name (Required) Mail (will not be published) (Required) Website   Home Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Headlines Investing © 2006-2017 Web Breaking News.
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy   Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Carnival Corporation - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Carnival Corporation with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Blackrock Throgmorton Trust PLC (THRG) Increases Dividend to GBX 6.25 Per Share Pattern Energy Group Inc. (PEGI) Stock Rating Lowered by Zacks Investment Research Analysts Issue Forecasts for Akamai Technologies, Inc.’s Q1 2017 Earnings (AKAM) Allergan PLC. (AGN) Forecasted to Post Q1 2017 Earnings of $3.55 Per Share AngioDynamics, Inc. (ANGO) Receives $16.63 Average Target Price from Brokerages Sanatana Resources Inc (STA) Director Peter Leighton Miles Purchases 372,000 Shares of Stock Alexander & Baldwin Holdings, Inc. (ALEX) Director Stanley M. Kuriyama Sells 4,250 Shares Nicholas Financial, Inc. (NICK) Major Shareholder Magnolia Capital Fund, Lp Purchases 19,196 Shares Brokerages Anticipate Air Methods Corporation (AIRM) to Post $0.61 Earnings Per Share Owens Corning Inc (OC) Upgraded to Hold by Zacks Investment Research Avon Products, Inc. (AVP) Forecasted to Post Q1 2017 Earnings of $0.05 Per Share Analysts Offer Predictions for Camden Property Trust’s Q1 2017 Earnings (CPT) Jefferies Group Comments on CenturyLink, Inc.’s Q1 2017 Earnings (CTL) Brokerages Set Computer Programs and Systems, Inc. (CPSI) Price Target at $34.55 Seaport Global Securities Brokers Cut Earnings Estimates for Diamond Offshore Drilling, Inc. (DO) Daniel Kerzner Sells 36,000 Shares of Alarm.com Holdings, Inc. (ALRM) Stock Elissa Fink Sells 5,000 Shares of Tableau Software, Inc. (DATA) Stock Eaton Vance Tax-Managed Global Buy-Write (ETW) to Issue $0.10 Monthly Dividend Fiserv, Inc. to Post Q1 2017 Earnings of $1.18 Per Share, SunTrust Banks Forecasts (FISV) Marriott International (MAR) Receives $83.98 Average Target Price from Brokerages Susquehanna International Group LLP Sells 6,546 Shares of Carnival Corporation (CUK) February 10th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Jeff Wilder Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Susquehanna International Group LLP cut its position in Carnival Corporation (NYSE:CUK) by 20.7% during the third quarter, according to its most recent filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission. The fund owned 25,045 shares of the company’s stock after selling 6,546 shares during the period. Susquehanna International Group LLP’s holdings in Carnival Corporation were worth $1,229,000 as of its most recent filing with the SEC. Several other institutional investors have also made changes to their positions in the company. Capstone Asset Management Co. increased its position in shares of Carnival Corporation by 0.4% in the third quarter. Capstone Asset Management Co. now owns 23,787 shares of the company’s stock worth $1,167,000 after buying an additional 90 shares during the last quarter. 1st Global Advisors Inc. increased its position in shares of Carnival Corporation by 2.3% in the third quarter. 1st Global Advisors Inc. now owns 5,795 shares of the company’s stock worth $284,000 after buying an additional 130 shares during the last quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. increased its position in shares of Carnival Corporation by 1.9% in the second quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 10,588 shares of the company’s stock worth $474,000 after buying an additional 193 shares during the last quarter. Bank of Montreal Can increased its position in shares of Carnival Corporation by 0.9% in the third quarter. Bank of Montreal Can now owns 41,379 shares of the company’s stock worth $2,031,000 after buying an additional 364 shares during the last quarter. Finally, Advisor Group Inc. increased its position in shares of Carnival Corporation by 21.0% in the third quarter. Advisor Group Inc. now owns 2,140 shares of the company’s stock worth $105,000 after buying an additional 371 shares during the last quarter. Hedge funds and other institutional investors own 2.52% of the company’s stock. Carnival Corporation (NYSE:CUK) opened at 55.14 on Friday. The stock has a market cap of $40.03 billion, a P/E ratio of 14.82 and a beta of 0.67. The stock has a 50 day moving average price of $53.07 and a 200-day moving average price of $49.65. Carnival Corporation has a 52 week low of $43.45 and a 52 week high of $56.33. The business also recently disclosed a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Friday, March 17th. Shareholders of record on Friday, February 24th will be issued a $0.35 dividend. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Wednesday, February 22nd. This represents a $1.40 annualized dividend and a yield of 2.54%. Carnival Corporation’s dividend payout ratio (DPR) is presently 37.43%. WARNING: “Susquehanna International Group LLP Sells 6,546 Shares of Carnival Corporation (CUK)” was first reported by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are accessing this story on another site, it was illegally stolen and reposted in violation of international trademark and copyright legislation. The correct version of this story can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/02/10/susquehanna-international-group-llp-sells-6546-shares-of-carnival-corporation-cuk.html. In other Carnival Corporation news, General Counsel Arnaldo Perez sold 15,165 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction dated Thursday, December 29th. The shares were sold at an average price of $52.11, for a total value of $790,248.15. Following the completion of the sale, the general counsel now directly owns 88,789 shares in the company, valued at $4,626,794.79. The sale was disclosed in a document filed with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is accessible through this link. Also, Director Sir Jonathon Band sold 6,276 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction dated Wednesday, January 18th. The stock was sold at an average price of $53.48, for a total transaction of $335,640.48. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Insiders sold 142,056 shares of company stock valued at $7,461,495 over the last 90 days. 0.01% of the stock is currently owned by company insiders. About Carnival Corporation Carnival plc is a leisure travel company. The Company’s segments include North America, and Europe, and Australia & Asia (EAA). Its North America segment includes Carnival Cruise Lines, Princess Cruises (Princess), Holland America Line and Seabourn. Its EAA segment includes Costa Cruises (Costa), AIDA Cruises (AIDA), P&O Cruises (United Kingdom), P&O Cruises (Australia) and Cunard. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding CUK? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Carnival Corporation (NYSE:CUK). Receive News & Ratings for Carnival Corporation Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Carnival Corporation and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News White House Announces Conway Was Counseled Warren Receives Support After GOP Formally Silences Her Report: Trump Was Not Completely Briefed on Bannon NSC Seat Justice Department Will Challenge Stop to Travel Ban President Trump Cancels Harley-Davidson Trip Due to Possible Protests © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
HOME EDITION News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance CNBC Explains Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows Watch Live CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Full Episodes More Log In | Register Log Out News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Consumer Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Halftime Portfolio Squawk Box Portfolio Take a Tour Subscribe Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance CNBC Explains Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Special Reports Trader Talk Modern Medicine Global Investing Hot Spots Portfolio Perspective CNBC Fed Survey Future Opportunities Retail Report Original Series Executive Edge Trading Nation Futures Now Retire Well The Pulse @ 1 Market The Bottom Line CNBC Events Davos Delivering Alpha eMerge Americas iCONIC Conference Cambridge Cyber Summit Sohn Conference Follow CNBC EDITION Register Log In Profile Email Preferences PRO Sign Out Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Halftime Portfolio Squawk Box Portfolio Take a Tour Subscribe LIVE TV Watch CNBC TV Watch CNBC Pro Watchlist X × × × The Big Crunch Warren Buffett, Steve Mnuchin, Elon Musk also bought stocks at the 'Dimon Bottom' Mark Fahey | Eric Chemi 21 Hours AgoCNBC.com SHARES show chapters Big-time buyers who benefitted from the Dimon bottom    12 Hours Ago | 02:33 JPMorgan Chase CEO Jamie Dimon wasn't the only big name on Wall Street buying shares as the market was tumbling last February. Dimon famously bought 500,000 shares of his company's stock — right before the market began to climb for the rest of the year and into 2017. The bold move became known as the "Dimon Bottom," but Dimon wasn't alone. Warren Buffett, Treasury Secretary nominee Steven Mnuchin, Elon Musk and casino magnate Steve Wynn all made investments that week, profiting millions of dollars as the stock market began a rally that has seen the S&P 500 surge 24.6 percent. Dimon's $26 million purchase last year was larger than normal. It increased his personal stake in JPM shares by 8 percent. The trade paid off well, as the stock rose 60 percent since then, making him $16 million just on his trade last year. That's not even counting the over $200 million he gained on his original stake. Mnuchin made two purchases of CIT Group that week, totaling 229,800 shares, at around $26, according to SEC filings tracked by OpenInsider. At the time Mnuchin was vice chairman of CIT. Mnuchin also bought 114,624 shares at $27.77 the week prior, on Feb 4. Compare those purchase prices with the $41.07 closing price CIT had on this week, or the $41.05 price it had in early December, when Mnuchin was tapped to run Treasury. All three trades combined earned him a profit of $4.9 million. Wynn also made well-timed purchases. The Wynn Resorts CEO made his $15 million purchase in the week of the Dimon Bottom as the tail end of an even larger buying spree in December and January. Wynn's February 2016 buy was the last time he bought Wynn shares. With a share price around $95 now instead of in the $50s, he's been a clear winner. Profits on that buy were about $10 million. Buffett's purchase of more than 1 million shares in Phillips 66 was simply part of a longer series of purchases spread out over the year, but he was wise to continue buying during the temporary slump. Phillips 66 has paid off the worst of all the February investments, returning only 8 percent. And then there's Musk, who bought almost 570,000 shares of SolarCity on Feb. 12. The purchase price was $17.56, a good deal considering the company was sold with the stock worth $25.37. That itself meant a 45 percent gain in just six months. But because those shares were converted into Tesla stock, which is up another 20 percent since the acquisition, that adds to Musk's gains. All in, that's over $5 million for one trade last February. If you consider the same five trades, but this time sort them by percentage return, you'll see that instead of Dimon being the big winner, it was actually Wynn, with Mnuchin and Musk right there with him. Correction: This story was revised to correct the year of the stock purchase to February 2016. Mark FaheyData Journalist Eric ChemiSr. Editor-at-Large, Data Journalism Related Securities Symbol Price   Change %Change S&P 500 --- JPM --- To view this site, you need to have JavaScript enabled in your browser, and either the Flash Plugin or an HTML5-Video enabled browser. Download the latest Flash player and try again. Playing Share this video... × Watch Next...
Finance BI Intelligence Events Trending Tech Insider Finance Politics Strategy Life Sports Video All × From To You have successfully emailed the post. × 
     

 There's a hot new posting for Wall Street bankers Matt Turner Feb. 7, 2017, 9:50 AM 5,869 facebook linkedin twitter email print Guy D'Alema/FX Wall Street dealmakers used to be sent to Hong Kong or London to win new business. Now they're being sent to places like Seattle, Denver, and Atlanta. JPMorgan just hired Brennan Spry as head of corporate client banking and specialized industries in the South, for example. Spry previously worked in Barclays' investment banking division. Spry will be based in Atlanta, overseeing a team of bankers in the region who provide services to large companies with more than $500 million in annual revenues. In addition, the bank has hired Nina Sprinkle to the corporate client banking team in Atlanta as a senior banker responsible for serving companies in Georgia, Alabama, and Tennessee. She previously worked in syndicated and leveraged finance at SunTrust and Bank of America. Matt Tugwell has also joined as a senior banker focused on the Carolinas. He was most recently at Bank of America in the leveraged finance group. JPMorgan isn't the only bank hiring staff for or moving staff to regional centers in the US. The potential rewards are significant: Middle-market companies in the US and Canada paid $8.2 billion in deal fees in 2015, according to a Bank of America Merrill Lynch presentation. That's more than the fees netted in most of Asia, the Middle East, and Latin America combined. "This is a key focus for us as we have developed the other areas of our investment bank," Christian Meissner, the head of global corporate and investment banking at Bank of America Merrill Lynch, told Business Insider last year. "Relatively speaking, this represents a greater opportunity than some traditional avenues of growth." NOW WATCH: The best and worst months to rent an apartment in major US cities Loading video... More: JPMorgan facebook linkedin twitter email print × Recommended For You Powered by Sailthru There's a hot new posting for Wall Street bankers There's a hot new posting for Wall Street bankers Wall Street dealmakers used to be sent to Hong... Recommended For You Disclaimer Featured How this astronaut overcame failure and rejection to land his dream job More "Idea Factory" » We just created the best Google Chrome extension on the market for latest news headlines More "BI Innovations" » Finance Emails & Alerts Get the best of Business Insider delivered to your inbox every day. Sign-Up Get the Slide Deck from Henry Blodget's IGNITION Presentation on the Future of Digital     Read Business Insider On The Go Available on iOS or Android Find A Job Tech Jobs C-Level Jobs Media Jobs Design Jobs Finance Jobs Sales Jobs See All Jobs » Thanks to our partners Follow us on: Also check out: * Copyright © 2017 Business Insider Inc. All rights reserved. Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. Disclaimer Commerce Policy Made in NYC Stock quotes by finanzen.net International Editions: UK DE AUS ID IN MY SG PL SE NL FR IT JP
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy   Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Synnex Corporation - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Synnex Corporation with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News 34,933 Shares in Avery Dennison Corporation (AVY) Acquired by Gotham Asset Management LLC Clinton Group Inc. Has $1,007,000 Stake in Commercial Metals Company (CMC) Ontario Teachers Pension Plan Board Sells 749 Shares of Camden Property Trust (CPT) Ontario Teachers Pension Plan Board Invests $509,000 in Boyd Gaming Corporation (BYD) Ontario Teachers Pension Plan Board Invests $509,000 in Boyd Gaming Corporation (BYD) UBS Group AG Sells 8,120 Shares of Cooper Companies, Inc. (The) (COO) UBS Group AG Cuts Position in ServisFirst Bancshares, Inc. (SFBS) 224,710 Shares in Tenneco Inc. (TEN) Acquired by The Manufacturers Life Insurance Company The Manufacturers Life Insurance Company Takes Position in Pinnacle Financial Partners, Inc. (PNFP) 603,635 Shares in Provident Financial Services, Inc (PFS) Acquired by The Manufacturers Life Insurance Company The Manufacturers Life Insurance Company Buys Shares of 302,522 Fastenal Company (FAST) The Manufacturers Life Insurance Company Invests $11,963,000 in Cabot Oil & Gas Corporation (COG) Zacks Investment Research Upgrades Jive Software, Inc. (JIVE) to Buy UBS Group AG Sells 35,584 Shares of RR Donnelley & Sons Co (RRD) PRA Health Sciences, Inc. (PRAH) Shares Sold by UBS Group AG PRA Health Sciences, Inc. (PRAH) Shares Sold by UBS Group AG Lazard Asset Management LLC Continues to Hold Position in Aircastle Limited (AYR) Lazard Asset Management LLC Has $204,000 Position in Westpac Banking Corporation (WBK) HBK Investments L P Has $351,000 Stake in Century Aluminum Company (CENX) Cabot Corporation (CBT) Shares Sold by HBK Investments L P Zweig DiMenna Associates LLC Acquires Shares of 2,200 Synnex Corporation (SNX) February 10th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Jeff Wilder Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Zweig DiMenna Associates LLC acquired a new position in shares of Synnex Corporation (NYSE:SNX) during the third quarter, according to its most recent 13F filing with the SEC. The institutional investor acquired 2,200 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $251,000. A number of other institutional investors have also made changes to their positions in the stock. BlackRock Institutional Trust Company N.A. boosted its position in shares of Synnex Corporation by 31.0% in the third quarter. BlackRock Institutional Trust Company N.A. now owns 1,157,433 shares of the company’s stock worth $132,075,000 after buying an additional 273,877 shares during the last quarter. BlackRock Advisors LLC boosted its position in shares of Synnex Corporation by 755.9% in the third quarter. BlackRock Advisors LLC now owns 159,123 shares of the company’s stock worth $18,158,000 after buying an additional 140,532 shares during the last quarter. BlackRock Fund Advisors boosted its position in shares of Synnex Corporation by 8.0% in the third quarter. BlackRock Fund Advisors now owns 1,539,613 shares of the company’s stock worth $175,685,000 after buying an additional 113,998 shares during the last quarter. Prudential Financial Inc. boosted its position in shares of Synnex Corporation by 26.3% in the third quarter. Prudential Financial Inc. now owns 372,500 shares of the company’s stock worth $42,505,000 after buying an additional 77,640 shares during the last quarter. Finally, JPMorgan Chase & Co. boosted its position in shares of Synnex Corporation by 7.8% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 848,441 shares of the company’s stock worth $96,815,000 after buying an additional 61,577 shares during the last quarter. 74.85% of the stock is currently owned by hedge funds and other institutional investors. Shares of Synnex Corporation (NYSE:SNX) opened at 119.25 on Friday. The firm has a market capitalization of $4.76 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 20.27 and a beta of 1.18. Synnex Corporation has a one year low of $77.54 and a one year high of $129.24. The company’s 50 day moving average is $121.40 and its 200-day moving average is $111.94. Synnex Corporation (NYSE:SNX) last posted its earnings results on Tuesday, January 10th. The company reported $2.57 earnings per share for the quarter, topping the Zacks’ consensus estimate of $2.09 by $0.48. Synnex Corporation had a net margin of 1.67% and a return on equity of 14.80%. The firm had revenue of $3.89 billion for the quarter. During the same period in the previous year, the firm earned $1.80 earnings per share. The company’s revenue was up 9.5% compared to the same quarter last year. Equities analysts expect that Synnex Corporation will post $7.64 EPS for the current year. The firm also recently announced a quarterly dividend, which was paid on Friday, January 27th. Shareholders of record on Friday, January 13th were issued a dividend of $0.25 per share. This represents a $1.00 dividend on an annualized basis and a yield of 0.84%. The ex-dividend date was Wednesday, January 11th. Synnex Corporation’s payout ratio is 17.01%. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION NOTICE: This news story was published by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are accessing this news story on another domain, it was illegally copied and reposted in violation of international copyright laws. The legal version of this news story can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/02/10/zweig-dimenna-associates-llc-acquires-shares-of-2200-synnex-corporation-snx.html. SNX has been the topic of several analyst reports. Zacks Investment Research lowered shares of Synnex Corporation from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating in a report on Thursday, December 1st. Brean Capital increased their target price on shares of Synnex Corporation from $124.00 to $134.00 and gave the stock a “buy” rating in a report on Wednesday, January 11th. One research analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, five have given a hold rating, one has given a buy rating and one has issued a strong buy rating to the stock. Synnex Corporation currently has an average rating of “Hold” and an average price target of $116.17. In other news, insider Peter Larocque sold 3,868 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction on Friday, January 13th. The shares were sold at an average price of $125.44, for a total value of $485,201.92. Following the sale, the insider now directly owns 10,435 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $1,308,966.40. The transaction was disclosed in a legal filing with the SEC, which is available at the SEC website. Also, SVP Simon Leung sold 870 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction on Wednesday, February 1st. The shares were sold at an average price of $118.99, for a total transaction of $103,521.30. Following the completion of the sale, the senior vice president now directly owns 26,462 shares in the company, valued at $3,148,713.38. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Insiders have sold a total of 16,985 shares of company stock worth $2,070,146 over the last three months. Insiders own 3.40% of the company’s stock. About Synnex Corporation SYNNEX Corporation is a process services company. The Company offers a range of services to resellers, retailers, original equipment manufacturers (OEMs), financial and insurance institutions, and other industry verticals across the world. The Company operates in two segments: Technology Solutions and Concentrix. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding SNX? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Synnex Corporation (NYSE:SNX). Receive News & Ratings for Synnex Corporation Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Synnex Corporation and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News White House Announces Conway Was Counseled Warren Receives Support After GOP Formally Silences Her Report: Trump Was Not Completely Briefed on Bannon NSC Seat Justice Department Will Challenge Stop to Travel Ban President Trump Cancels Harley-Davidson Trip Due to Possible Protests © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Search for: About DCK Data Center World Subscribe Events Training Main menu Skip to primary content Skip to secondary content Companies White Papers Regions Infrastructure Design Power Cooling Green Modular Data Centers DCIM InfoCenter Servers Downtime Networking Sectors Cloud Computing Big Data Bitcoin Executive Government Supercomputing / HPC Managed Hosting Colocation Storage DCIM InfoCenter Webcasts Industry Perspectives Data Center Knowledge Top Trending Articles Vendors Take Facebook Data Center Switches to Market Data Centers Scrambling to Fill IT Skills Gap JLL: Expect the Dallas Data Center Market to Have a "Chicago Year" in 2017 Google Ramped Up Data Center Spend in 2016 A Cloud for the Artificial Mind: This Data Center is Designed for Deep Learning Previous Article VC Firms Back Record Number of Cybersecurity Startups in 2016 Next Article OVH to Build Cloud Data Center in Oregon JPMorgan Chase headquarters in Manhattan, 2012 (Photo by Spencer Platt/Getty Images) Data Center Strategies, Enterprise, New York, Site Selection JPMorgan Eyeing Site in New York State for Data Center Build by Yevgeniy Sverdlik  on February 8, 2017 Add Your Comments Tweet JPMorgan Chase is negotiating with a town in New York State to purchase a large property for a bank data center. The company has offered $7.5 million for the 60-acre property in Orangeburg, which used to be the site of the Rockland Psychiatric Center, city officials told the local news outlet The Journal News. While data center outsourcing is on the rise, with companies increasingly leasing colocation space and using cloud services instead of building their own data centers, many still find it necessary to keep some of their workloads in-house. This is especially true for bank data centers, which must comply with financial services industry regulations. Orangeburg is home to another financial-services data center, a server farm built by Bloomberg. There is also a colocation facility in town, operated by 1547 Critical Systems Realty, where one of the tenants is Green House Data. City officials have been using tax incentives to pursue companies that would build data centers in Orangeburg since Bloomberg decided to build its $710 million facility there in 2014. A lot of power is available from the local utility, and the city is close to the data center clusters in New York City and New Jersey. Bloomberg made the decision after its older data center in Manhattan came dangerously close to a disastrous outage during the flooding that followed Hurricane Sandy in 2012. Read more: Bloomberg Data Centers: Where the “Go”s Go The city estimates JPMorgan will spend about $40 million to demolish about 40 existing buildings on the site and clean up hazardous materials, including asbestos and lead. Previous Article VC Firms Back Record Number of Cybersecurity Startups in 2016 Next Article OVH to Build Cloud Data Center in Oregon Tweet Get Daily Email News from DCK!Subscribe now and get our special report, "The World's Most Unique Data Centers." Email* Country* Please select United States United Kingdom Canada India Netherlands Australia South Africa France Germany Singapore Sweden Brazil -------------- Afghanistan Åland Islands Albania Algeria American Samoa Andorra Angola Anguilla Antarctica Antigua and Barbuda Argentina Armenia Aruba Australia Austria Azerbaijan Bahamas Bahrain Bangladesh Barbados Belarus Belgium Belize Benin Bermuda Bhutan Bolivia Bosnia and Herzegovina Botswana Bouvet Island Brazil Brit/Indian Ocean Terr. Brunei Darussalam Bulgaria Burkina Faso Burundi Cambodia Cameroon Canada Cape Verde Cayman Islands Central African Republic Chad Chile China Christmas Island Cocos (Keeling) Islands Colombia Comoros Congo Congo, The Dem. Republic Of Cook Islands Costa Rica Côte d'Ivoire Croatia Cuba Cyprus Czech Republic Denmark Djibouti Dominica Dominican Republic Ecuador Egypt El Salvador Equatorial Guinea Eritrea Estonia Ethiopia Falkland Islands Faroe Islands Fiji Finland France French Guiana French Polynesia French Southern Terr. Gabon Gambia Georgia Germany Ghana Gibraltar United Kingdom Greece Greenland Grenada Guadeloupe Guam Guatemala Guinea Guinea-Bissau Guyana Haiti Heard/McDonald Isls. Honduras Hong Kong Hungary Iceland India Indonesia Iran Iraq Ireland Israel Italy Jamaica Japan Jordan Kazakhstan Kenya Kiribati Korea (North) Korea (South) Kuwait Kyrgyzstan Laos Latvia Lebanon Lesotho Liberia Libya Liechtenstein Lithuania Luxembourg Macau Macedonia Madagascar Malawi Malaysia Maldives Mali Malta Marshall Islands Martinique Mauritania Mauritius Mayotte Mexico Micronesia Moldova Monaco Mongolia Montserrat Morocco Mozambique Myanmar N. Mariana Isls. Namibia Nauru Nepal Netherlands Netherlands Antilles New Caledonia New Zealand Nicaragua Niger Nigeria Niue Norfolk Island Norway Oman Pakistan Palau Palestinian Territory, Occupied Panama Papua New Guinea Paraguay Peru Philippines Pitcairn Poland Portugal Puerto Rico Qatar Reunion Romania Russian Federation Rwanda Saint Kitts and Nevis Saint Lucia Samoa San Marino Sao Tome/Principe Saudi Arabia Senegal Serbia and Montenegro Seychelles Sierra Leone Singapore Slovak Republic Slovenia Solomon Islands Somalia South Africa Spain Sri Lanka St. Helena St. Pierre and Miquelon St. Vincent and Grenadines Sudan Suriname Svalbard/Jan Mayen Isls. Swaziland Sweden Switzerland Syria Taiwan Tajikistan Tanzania Thailand Timor-Leste Togo Tokelau Tonga Trinidad and Tobago Tunisia Turkey Turkmenistan Turks/Caicos Isls. Tuvalu Uganda Ukraine United Arab Emirates United States US Minor Outlying Is. Uruguay Uzbekistan Vanuatu Vatican City Venezuela Viet Nam Virgin Islands (British) Virgin Islands (U.S.) Wallis/Futuna Isls. Western Sahara Yemen Zambia Zimbabwe Enter your email to receive messages about offerings by Penton, its brands, affiliates and/or third-party partners, consistent with Penton's Privacy Policy. About the Author Yevgeniy Sverdlik (1309 Posts) San Francisco-based business and technology journalist. Editor in chief at Data Center Knowledge, covering the global data center industry. Related Stories Data Center Jobs Report: Yahoo to Cut Staff at New York State Data Center by Yevgeniy Sverdlik on February 19, 2016 Notifies staff at Lockport of looming layoffs, but how many jobs will be cut is unclear Read More Microsoft Report: Microsoft Eyeing Phoenix Data Center Build by Jason Verge on February 24, 2015 Local media report company pushing for wider data center tax breaks, citing Arizona lawmaker Read More Enterprise Report: BlackRock’s New York State Data Center Construction Set to Start by Jason Verge on January 5, 2015 Asset management giant lured to Amherst by data center tax breaks Read More Low Latency Dimon: JPMorgan Spends $500 Million per Data Center by Rich Miller on August 13, 2012 JPMorgan Chase spends $500 million to build a data center, according to CEO Jamie Dimon. That figure places the firm's facilities among the most expensive in the industry, on a par with investments by Google and Microsoft in their largest data centers. Read More Disaster Recovery JPMorgan Buys WaMu Assets by Rich Miller on September 26, 2008 JPMorgan Chase, which will acquire the assets of the failed Washington Mutual, is becoming a major operator of advanced data centers. Read More Add Your Comments Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (required) (will not be published) Website Get Daily Email News from DCK! Email* Country* Please select United States United Kingdom Canada India Netherlands Australia South Africa France Germany Singapore Sweden Brazil -------------- Afghanistan Åland Islands Albania Algeria American Samoa Andorra Angola Anguilla Antarctica Antigua and Barbuda Argentina Armenia Aruba Australia Austria Azerbaijan Bahamas Bahrain Bangladesh Barbados Belarus Belgium Belize Benin Bermuda Bhutan Bolivia Bosnia and Herzegovina Botswana Bouvet Island Brazil Brit/Indian Ocean Terr. Brunei Darussalam Bulgaria Burkina Faso Burundi Cambodia Cameroon Canada Cape Verde Cayman Islands Central African Republic Chad Chile China Christmas Island Cocos (Keeling) Islands Colombia Comoros Congo Congo, The Dem. Republic Of Cook Islands Costa Rica Côte d'Ivoire Croatia Cuba Cyprus Czech Republic Denmark Djibouti Dominica Dominican Republic Ecuador Egypt El Salvador Equatorial Guinea Eritrea Estonia Ethiopia Falkland Islands Faroe Islands Fiji Finland France French Guiana French Polynesia French Southern Terr. Gabon Gambia Georgia Germany Ghana Gibraltar United Kingdom Greece Greenland Grenada Guadeloupe Guam Guatemala Guinea Guinea-Bissau Guyana Haiti Heard/McDonald Isls. Honduras Hong Kong Hungary Iceland India Indonesia Iran Iraq Ireland Israel Italy Jamaica Japan Jordan Kazakhstan Kenya Kiribati Korea (North) Korea (South) Kuwait Kyrgyzstan Laos Latvia Lebanon Lesotho Liberia Libya Liechtenstein Lithuania Luxembourg Macau Macedonia Madagascar Malawi Malaysia Maldives Mali Malta Marshall Islands Martinique Mauritania Mauritius Mayotte Mexico Micronesia Moldova Monaco Mongolia Montserrat Morocco Mozambique Myanmar N. Mariana Isls. Namibia Nauru Nepal Netherlands Netherlands Antilles New Caledonia New Zealand Nicaragua Niger Nigeria Niue Norfolk Island Norway Oman Pakistan Palau Palestinian Territory, Occupied Panama Papua New Guinea Paraguay Peru Philippines Pitcairn Poland Portugal Puerto Rico Qatar Reunion Romania Russian Federation Rwanda Saint Kitts and Nevis Saint Lucia Samoa San Marino Sao Tome/Principe Saudi Arabia Senegal Serbia and Montenegro Seychelles Sierra Leone Singapore Slovak Republic Slovenia Solomon Islands Somalia South Africa Spain Sri Lanka St. Helena St. Pierre and Miquelon St. Vincent and Grenadines Sudan Suriname Svalbard/Jan Mayen Isls. Swaziland Sweden Switzerland Syria Taiwan Tajikistan Tanzania Thailand Timor-Leste Togo Tokelau Tonga Trinidad and Tobago Tunisia Turkey Turkmenistan Turks/Caicos Isls. Tuvalu Uganda Ukraine United Arab Emirates United States US Minor Outlying Is. Uruguay Uzbekistan Vanuatu Vatican City Venezuela Viet Nam Virgin Islands (British) Virgin Islands (U.S.) Wallis/Futuna Isls. Western Sahara Yemen Zambia Zimbabwe Enter your email to receive messages about offerings by Penton, its brands, affiliates and/or third-party partners, consistent with Penton's Privacy Policy. Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Google Plus RSS Feeds Featured Cloud Articles Cold Storage in the Cloud: Comparing AWS, Google, Microsoft Top Cloud Providers Made $11B on IaaS in 2015, but It’s Only the Beginning Featured Cooling Articles Dell Designs Custom Liquid Cooling System for eBay Data Centers Yahoo Wants to Sell Its ‘Chicken Coop’ Data Center Designs Archived Articles Select Month February 2017 January 2017 December 2016 November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 September 2013 August 2013 July 2013 June 2013 May 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013 January 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 August 2012 July 2012 June 2012 May 2012 April 2012 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 November 2011 October 2011 September 2011 August 2011 July 2011 June 2011 May 2011 April 2011 March 2011 February 2011 January 2011 December 2010 November 2010 October 2010 September 2010 August 2010 July 2010 June 2010 May 2010 April 2010 March 2010 February 2010 January 2010 December 2009 November 2009 October 2009 September 2009 August 2009 July 2009 June 2009 May 2009 April 2009 March 2009 February 2009 January 2009 December 2008 November 2008 October 2008 September 2008 August 2008 July 2008 June 2008 May 2008 April 2008 March 2008 February 2008 January 2008 December 2007 November 2007 October 2007 September 2007 August 2007 July 2007 June 2007 May 2007 April 2007 March 2007 February 2007 January 2007 December 2006 November 2006 October 2006 September 2006 August 2006 July 2006 June 2006 May 2006 April 2006 March 2006 February 2006 January 2006 December 2005 November 2005 October 2005 September 2005 August 2005 July 2005 June 2005 May 2005 Inside DCK About Us Advertise Staff Contact Us Submit News Submit Guest Column Site Map Hot Topics DCIM News Downtime HPC / Supercomputing Facebook Apple Microsoft Google Northern Virginia New York Silicon Valley North Carolina News Channels White Papers Events Calendar Virtualization Consolidation Open Compute Internet of Things Storage Convergence Disaster Recovery Managed Hosting Content Delivery Site Selection Investing Stay Connected Daily Email Newsletter RSS Twitter Facebook LinkedIn Data Center Videos Humor Webinars Hosting and Cloud Web Hosting Talk HostingCon WHIR Hosting Catalog Hottest Hosts Data Center Data Center Knowledge Data Center World AFCOM Web Development Hot Scripts DB Forums Performance Marketing ABestWeb Consumer Tech Windows Secrets Overclockers Mac Forums Penton Privacy Policy Terms of Services Advertise Hosting By: LiquidWeb Powered by Penton Copyright © Penton Thank you Thank you for providing feedback. We receive a lot of feedback/requests so we cannot always respond immediately. We will do our best to respond to your feedback.
× We hope you have enjoyed your complimentary access for the month. Already a subscriber? Click on the button below to set up your account or log in if you already have one. Want to become a subscriber? Purchase a digital-only subscription now for unlimited online access to local news and information. Digital-only Access Unlimited Access to: magicvalley.com mobile web and mobile apps e-replica edition of printed newspaper Digital-only access only $10.00/mo Current Subscriber? Set up your account Log In Current Subscriber? Set up Account You are the owner of this article. Edit Article Add New Article Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout Subscribe Customer Service Sections News Local Mini-Cassia Crime & Courts The Big Story Business Agriculture Government & Politics Education Community National Wildfires Sports High School Sports College of Southern Idaho Boise State Bliss High School: Bears Prep Sports Buhl High School: Indians Prep Sports Burley High School: Bobcats Prep Sports Carey High School: Panthers Prep Sports Castleford High School: Wolves Prep Sports Camas County High School: Mushers Prep Sports Canyon Ridge High School: Riverhawks Prep Sports Community School: Cutthroats Prep Sports Declo High School: Hornets Prep Sports Dietrich High School: Devils Prep Sports Filer High School: Wildcats Prep Sports Glenns Ferry High School: Pilots Prep Sports Gooding High School: Senators Prep Sports Hagerman High School: Pirates Prep Sports Hansen High School: Huskies Prep Sports Jerome High School: Tigers Prep Sports Kimberly High School: Bulldogs Prep Sports Lighthouse Christian School: Lions Prep Sports Minico High School: Spartans Prep Sports Murtaugh High School: Red Devils Prep Sports Oakley High School: Hornets Prep Sports Richfield High School: Tigers Prep Sports Raft River High School: Trojans Prep Sports Shoshone High School: Indians Prep Sports Twin Falls High: Bruins Prep Sports Valley High School: Vikings Prep Sports Wendell High School: Trojans Prep Sports Wood River High: Wolverines Prep Sports Lifestyles Entertainment Outdoors Faith & Values Food Calendar People Opinion Our View Other Views Letters to the Editor Blogs Photos & Videos Photo Galleries Video Photo Blog Obituaries Weather Games & Puzzles Buy & Sell Business Directory Real Estate Autos Classifieds Today's Deal Place an Ad Newspaper Ads Jobs Weekly Ads e-Edition Contact Toggle navigation Menu Search Search Log In Using Your Account Log In Don't have an account? Sign Up Today My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout 35° Twin Falls, ID (83301) Today Mainly sunny. High 39F. Winds WNW at 15 to 25 mph.. Tonight Mostly clear. Low near 20F. Winds S at 5 to 10 mph. Updated: February 11, 2017 @ 2:53 am Full Forecast News Sports Opinion Events Obituaries Buy & Sell Close Jennifer Rubin OTHER VIEW Other View: The president's princelings Feb 10, 2017 0 Jennifer Rubin WASHINGTON — In response to the president’s unprecedented attack on a company declining to do business with a family member, Nordstrom’s answered President Donald Trump’s accusation that it was treating Ivanka Trump unfairly. “To reiterate what we’ve already shared when asked, we made this decision based on performance,” the company said in a statement. “Over the past year, and particularly in the last half of 2016, sales of the brand have steadily declined to the point where it didn’t make good business sense for us to continue with the line for now.” In other words, customers are just not into Ivanka. National Retail Federation President and CEO Matthew Shay, in a conference call with reporters on Wednesday, gave a measured response. “What we are all seeing is that we’re living in a world with a different kind of chief executive in the White House,” he said. “It’s someone who communicates directly and forcefully and has a strong opinion on issues. We are learning, all of us, I think, how to work in that environment.” That’s one way of putting it. Another is that the president and his aides are inviting corruption. Had any federal employee, including a Cabinet official, done what Trump did, he or she would have run afoul of federal ethics regulations, specifically, Title 5, Section 2635.702: “An employee shall not use his public office for his own private gain, for the endorsement of any product, service or enterprise, or for the private gain of friends, relatives, or persons with whom the employee is affiliated in a nongovernmental capacity, including nonprofit organizations of which the employee is an officer or member, and persons with whom the employee has or seeks employment or business relations. . . . An employee shall not use or permit the use of his Government position or title or any authority associated with his public office in a manner that is intended to coerce or induce another person, including a subordinate, to provide any benefit, financial or otherwise, to himself or to friends, relatives, or persons with whom the employee is affiliated in a nongovernmental capacity.” This is garden-variety corruption, of the type we deplore in kleptocratic regimes around the country. Likewise, if an American company consented to hire or do business with a foreign leader’s children in order to grease the skids for business dealings or avoid government retribution it would be a violation of the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act. As the Financial Times reported recently: “JPMorgan has agreed to pay $264m to settle a US probe into its practice of hiring well-connected Chinese ‘princelings’ to win business. . . . Get news headlines sent daily to your inbox Sign Up! I understand and agree that registration on or use of this site consitutes agreement to its user agreement and privacy policy. “ ‘JPMorgan engaged in a systematic bribery scheme by hiring children of government officials and other favored referrals who were typically unqualified for the positions,’ said Andrew Ceresney, director of the SEC’s enforcement division. ‘JPMorgan employees knew the firm was potentially violating the FCPA yet persisted with the improper hiring program because the business rewards and new deals were deemed too lucrative.’ “ The White House (falsely) keeps insisting the president cannot have conflicts of interest, neglecting the Constitutional prohibition on receipt of monies from foreign governments. Nevertheless, Congress can and should close the gap in ethics laws given that this president refuses to divest himself of businesses and insists on using the power of his office (during the transition and currently) to benefit his family finances. Perhaps we need a presidential anti-corruption act that would make Title 5, Section 2635.702 applicable to the president and vice president. In any event, both spokesman Sean Spicer’s derogatory comments (an attempt to “coerce”) and counselor Kellyanne Conway, who directly hawked Ivanka’s line (“I fully—I’m going to give a free commercial here. Go buy it today, everybody. You can find it online.”), seem to run afoul of existing ethics laws and should be held accountable. There may be other legal avenues as well. Ethics guru Norman Eisen of the Brookings Institution this week tweeted that there is a cause of action under California’s Unfair Competition law forbidding “any unfair business act.” Eisen told me Thursday, “The law has long recognized that when someone makes untrue statements about a business, and those statements cause harm, a cause of action lies. As it happens, California, which has a lot of Nordstrom’s stores, has one of the most generous laws in the nation in allowing a business to respond when it is the victim of unfair treatment.” He adds, “Interestingly, that law also allows the California attorney general or other public officials to bring an action as well. Nordstrom’s says the president and Mr. Spicer’s statements were not correct. . . . [T]his was a business decision that was made because Ivanka’s line was not selling, that there was nothing unfair or political about it.” Conveniently, former Democratic congressman Xavier Becerra is now California’s state attorney general. Over to you, Mr. Becerra. Rubin is a Washington Post columnist. Tags Employee Politics Law Economics Company Commerce Xavier Becerra Ivanka Trump Norman Eisen Prohibition Jpmorgan × Post a comment Emoticons [smile] [beam] [wink] [sad] [cool] [innocent] [rolleyes] [whistling] [lol] [huh] [tongue] [love] [sleeping] [yawn] [unsure] [angry] [blink] [crying] [ohmy] [scared] [sleep] [sneaky] [tongue_smile] [thumbdown] [thumbup] [censored] [happybirthday] [ban] [spam] [offtopic] [batman] [ninja] [pirate] [alien] Comment Text Cancel Post comment × Report Cancel Report Abuse × Watch this discussion. Stop watching this discussion. Get an email notification whenever someone contributes to the discussion Notifications from this discussion will be disabled. Cancel Start watching Stop watching (0) comments Welcome to the discussion. Log In Keep it Clean. Please avoid obscene, vulgar, lewd, racist or sexually-oriented language. PLEASE TURN OFF YOUR CAPS LOCK. Don't Threaten. Threats of harming another person will not be tolerated. Be Truthful. Don't knowingly lie about anyone or anything. Be Nice. No racism, sexism or any sort of -ism that is degrading to another person. Be Proactive. Use the 'Report' link on each comment to let us know of abusive posts. Share with Us. We'd love to hear eyewitness accounts, the history behind an article. Post a comment Watch this discussion. Stop watching this discussion. Submit a Letter Submit a Letter to the Editor Most Popular Malta, Albion seek volunteers for help with flooding Judge: No sex on probation BREAKING NEWS: Floods overwhelming Magic Valley A Plug Instead of a Snip for Male Birth Control? SUBMERGED: Massive flooding strikes Magic Valley Most Commented Letter: Refugee ban violates American principles(17) Otter: Preferring Christians is 'preference', not 'discrimination'(14) Larson: Trump applies private sector pace to public sector(8) Letter: Ditch the dictator(7) Inside Politics: Déjà vu all over again(6) Latest in section Other View: An elegant climate policy Other View: The president's princelings Inside Politics: Déjà vu all over again Brugger: Welcome the stranger: Immigrants and immigration Colley: Of course there's bias See All Print Ads FAYE EMERSON - Ad from 2017-02-11 PETERSENS CLOTHING - Ad from 2017-02-11 TIMES NEWS REAL ESTATE - Ad from 2017-02-11 TIMES NEWS REAL ESTATE - Ad from 2017-02-11 Bulletin Currents Southern Idaho Entertainment The best romantic comedies to watch on Valentine's Day Southern Idaho Entertainment The most watched TV series finales of all time Southern Idaho Entertainment The most famous musicians who haven't won a Grammy Today’s top pics: Snowstorm pummels Northeast and more Your daily 6: RIP for the oldest American, hundreds of whales and L.L. Bean's return policy Today In History, Feb. 10: Barack Obama Today's Birthdays, Feb. 10: Glenn Beck Green gets rare triple-double as Warriors beat Grizzlies Mariners constantly in motion with Jerry Dipoto in charge Adam Rosales is mentor for Hawaiian high school shortstop Kings rally from 22 down to beat Hawks 108-107 Latest Local Offers Let A Perfect View Window Cleaning take care of cleaning your home's siding while you sit back and reap the benefits. Call us today to schedule your pressure washing appointment! 208-316-8292 A Perfect View Window Cleaning wants to give you the customer satisfaction you deserve. We t… A Perfect View Cleaning, LLC. 341 Red Rock Trail, Kimberly, ID 83341 208-316-8292 Ads Tax season is here! Don't wait until the last minute to begin your tax preparation. Call Stevens Pierce & Associates, CPA's today to schedule your initial consultation! 208-734-8662 Stevens Pierce & Associates, CPA’s is committed to providing excellent service. Our staf… Stevens Pierce & Associates, CPA's 320 Main Ave N, Twin Falls, ID 83301 208-734-8662 Ads Coleman, Lopes & Company accounting services steer you closer to your goals with accurate record keeping and reporting! Call Coleman, Lopes & Company today for more information! 208-735-0411 & 208-934-4355 From start-ups to established enterprises, businesses rely on accurate and insightful financ… Coleman, Lopes & Company 401 Gooding St N. Suite 201, Twin Falls, ID 83301 208-735-0411 Ads TODAY'S TOP VIDEO Video: Benefits of Rio's Olympic investment diminish Will Rosie O'Donnell play Bannon on 'SNL'? McConnell disagrees with Trump fraud claim Ex-NFL player: Athletes should speak out Sites & Partners Print Edition Online Magic Valley Wheels Today's Deal Online Features Tools & Services Customer Service Subscribe Activate Advertise Email Alerts Contact Us About Us © Copyright 2017 Times-News, 132 Fairfield ST W Twin Falls, ID | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy Powered by BLOX Content Management System from TownNews.com.
Home About/Contact US Privacy Policy Staff Daily Email Updates Headlines Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Investing VWR Corporation - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for VWR Corporation with our FREE daily email newsletter: Recent Posts Two Sigma Advisers LP Buys Shares of 29,205 Laboratory Corporation of America Holdings (LH) Two Sigma Advisers LP Acquires 16,400 Shares of TEGNA Inc. (GCI) Alphabet Inc. (GOOG) Stake Cut by Brown Brothers Harriman & Co. Brown Brothers Harriman & Co. Lowers Stake in Pfizer, Inc. (PFE) Microsoft Corporation (MSFT) Shares Bought by Quentec Asset Management LLC Douglass Winthrop Advisors LLC Has $17,284,000 Position in Alphabet Inc. (GOOGL) Procter & Gamble Company (The) (PG) is Natixis Asset Management’s Largest Position Donaldson Capital Management LLC Lowers Position in Johnson & Johnson (JNJ) Pfizer, Inc. (PFE) Shares Bought by Donaldson Capital Management LLC Donaldson Capital Management LLC Sells 204 Shares of Exxon Mobil Corporation (XOM) Bragg Financial Advisors Inc Acquires 1,085 Shares of Wells Fargo & Company (WFC) Bragg Financial Advisors Inc Acquires 58 Shares of Alphabet Inc. (GOOG) KDI Capital Partners LLC Sells 3,276 Shares of Alphabet Inc. (GOOG) Pfizer, Inc. (PFE) Stake Increased by Two Sigma Advisers LP Tennant Company (TNC) Shares Bought by United Services Automobile Association United Services Automobile Association Buys 1,682 Shares of BioMarin Pharmaceutical Inc. (BMRN) Microsoft Corporation (MSFT) is United Services Automobile Association’s 2nd Largest Position Private Management Group Inc. Sells 33,702 Shares of Microsoft Corporation (MSFT) Coca-Cola European Partners PLC (CCE) Shares Bought by HighTower Advisors LLC HighTower Advisors LLC Purchases New Stake in Qiagen N.V. (QGEN) Highbridge Capital Management LLC Has $1,296,000 Stake in VWR Corporation (VWR) Posted by William Strong on Feb 10th, 2017 // No Comments Tweet Highbridge Capital Management LLC reduced its position in VWR Corporation (NASDAQ:VWR) by 68.0% during the third quarter, according to its most recent 13F filing with the SEC. The institutional investor owned 45,692 shares of the company’s stock after selling 97,052 shares during the period. Highbridge Capital Management LLC’s holdings in VWR Corporation were worth $1,296,000 as of its most recent filing with the SEC. Other institutional investors also recently modified their holdings of the company. Vanguard Group Inc. boosted its position in VWR Corporation by 41.5% in the second quarter. Vanguard Group Inc. now owns 5,633,111 shares of the company’s stock valued at $162,796,000 after buying an additional 1,653,244 shares during the period. Dimensional Fund Advisors LP boosted its position in VWR Corporation by 121.4% in the second quarter. Dimensional Fund Advisors LP now owns 780,935 shares of the company’s stock valued at $22,564,000 after buying an additional 428,252 shares during the period. Teacher Retirement System of Texas boosted its position in VWR Corporation by 96.1% in the second quarter. Teacher Retirement System of Texas now owns 11,047 shares of the company’s stock valued at $319,000 after buying an additional 5,413 shares during the period. JPMorgan Chase & Co. boosted its position in VWR Corporation by 141.5% in the second quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 180,263 shares of the company’s stock valued at $5,210,000 after buying an additional 105,626 shares during the period. Finally, Ameriprise Financial Inc. boosted its position in VWR Corporation by 11.3% in the second quarter. Ameriprise Financial Inc. now owns 137,468 shares of the company’s stock valued at $3,973,000 after buying an additional 13,931 shares during the period. VWR Corporation (NASDAQ:VWR) traded up 2.77% during midday trading on Thursday, reaching $26.35. The company had a trading volume of 640,625 shares. VWR Corporation has a 52-week low of $22.32 and a 52-week high of $31.75. The company’s 50-day moving average is $25.45 and its 200 day moving average is $27.14. The company has a market cap of $3.47 billion, a PE ratio of 19.81 and a beta of 1.13. TRADEMARK VIOLATION WARNING: This piece was originally reported by Web Breaking News and is the sole property of of Web Breaking News. If you are viewing this piece on another website, it was stolen and republished in violation of US & international trademark and copyright legislation. The original version of this piece can be read at http://www.webbreakingnews.com/2017/02/10/highbridge-capital-management-llc-has-1296000-stake-in-vwr-corporation-vwr.html. Several research firms have weighed in on VWR. Deutsche Bank AG reaffirmed a “hold” rating and set a $26.00 target price on shares of VWR Corporation in a research note on Wednesday, January 18th. TheStreet cut VWR Corporation from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating in a research note on Monday, November 14th. Bank of America Corporation cut VWR Corporation from a “buy” rating to a “neutral” rating in a research note on Friday, November 4th. Finally, Jefferies Group LLC reduced their price target on VWR Corporation from $34.00 to $31.00 and set a “buy” rating for the company in a report on Monday, January 23rd. One research analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, five have assigned a hold rating and three have given a buy rating to the company’s stock. The company has an average rating of “Hold” and a consensus price target of $31.43. About VWR Corporation VWR Corporation is a provider of laboratory products, services and solutions to the life science, general research and applied markets. The Company operates in two segments: Americas and EMEA-APAC. Its Americas segment consists of operations located principally in the United States and Canada, as well as in Puerto Rico, Mexico and select countries in Central and South America, including Costa Rica, Brazil, Argentina and Chile, and includes over 65 facilities located in approximately 10 countries. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding VWR? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for VWR Corporation (NASDAQ:VWR). Receive News & Ratings for VWR Corporation Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for VWR Corporation and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter. « Previous Rexnord Corporation (RXN) Shares Sold by Highbridge Capital Management LLC Next » Highbridge Capital Management LLC Cuts Stake in Penn National Gaming, Inc. (PENN) Latest News Nike Suspends Relationship with Maria Sharapova Rob Bironas Ex-Titans Kicker Dies in Car Crash Ron Washington Leaves Texas Rangers Due to an Affair Jonathan Dwyer Falls in Line with Other Banned NFL Players Tony Stewart Case Going to the Grand Jury Oscar Pistorius “Blade Runner” Found Not Guilty of Murder Leave a Reply Click here to cancel reply. Name (Required) Mail (will not be published) (Required) Website   Home Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Headlines Investing © 2006-2017 Web Breaking News.
Home About/Contact US Privacy Policy Staff Daily Email Updates Headlines Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Investing DDR Corp. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for DDR Corp. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Recent Posts Tableau Software, Inc. (DATA) Position Increased by UBS Oconnor LLC CQS Cayman LP Buys New Position in AMC Entertainment Holdings, Inc. (AMC) CQS Cayman LP Sells 15,000 Shares of Pretium Resources, Inc. (PVG) CQS Cayman LP Has $838,000 Stake in Parsley Energy, Inc. (PE) CQS Cayman LP Buys New Position in Och-Ziff Capital Management Group LLC (OZM) CQS Cayman LP Acquires Shares of 15,000 Chemtura Corp. (CHMT) Nike, Inc. (NKE) Shares Bought by Two Sigma Securities LLC Two Sigma Securities LLC Acquires 4,667 Shares of Monsanto Company (MON) Insider Buying: Coro Mining Corp. (COP) Director Buys C$17,000.00 in Stock Southwest Airlines Company (LUV) Position Increased by Two Sigma Advisers LP UBS Oconnor LLC Sells 64,239 Shares of Danaher Corporation (DHR) American Airlines Group, Inc. (AAL) Shares Sold by UBS Oconnor LLC Q3 2017 EPS Estimates for Illumina, Inc. (ILMN) Lowered by Analyst Brown Brothers Harriman & Co. Sells 1,231 Shares of Costco Wholesale Corporation (COST) Brown Brothers Harriman & Co. Sells 10,000 Shares of Western Alliance Bancorporation (WAL) William Blair Weighs in on Catalent Inc’s Q3 2017 Earnings (CTLT) Northcoast Research Comments on Adient PLC’s Q3 2017 Earnings (ADNT) Two Sigma Advisers LP Acquires 524,777 Shares of Boeing Company (The) (BA) Antony Pfaffle Sells 10,000 Shares of CorMedix Inc. (CRMD) Stock Yikang Liu Sells 5,000 Shares of Silvercorp Metals Inc (SVM) Stock DDR Corp. (DDR) Position Raised by Lazard Asset Management LLC Posted by Tony Sherman on Feb 10th, 2017 // No Comments Tweet Lazard Asset Management LLC raised its stake in shares of DDR Corp. (NYSE:DDR) by 96.4% during the third quarter, according to its most recent filing with the SEC. The fund owned 29,341 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock after buying an additional 14,400 shares during the period. Lazard Asset Management LLC’s holdings in DDR Corp. were worth $511,000 at the end of the most recent quarter. Several other institutional investors have also added to or reduced their stakes in DDR. Bank of New York Mellon Corp boosted its position in DDR Corp. by 278.6% in the third quarter. Bank of New York Mellon Corp now owns 7,060,654 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock valued at $123,067,000 after buying an additional 5,195,883 shares during the period. APG Asset Management US Inc. acquired a new position in DDR Corp. during the third quarter valued at $68,587,000. Shinko Asset Management Co. Ltd. boosted its position in DDR Corp. by 21.5% in the third quarter. Shinko Asset Management Co. Ltd. now owns 12,559,714 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock valued at $218,916,000 after buying an additional 2,221,054 shares during the period. Morgan Stanley boosted its position in DDR Corp. by 55.3% in the third quarter. Morgan Stanley now owns 4,007,871 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock valued at $69,858,000 after buying an additional 1,427,879 shares during the period. Finally, JPMorgan Chase & Co. boosted its position in DDR Corp. by 61.0% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 3,674,402 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock valued at $64,046,000 after buying an additional 1,391,731 shares during the period. Institutional investors and hedge funds own 89.69% of the company’s stock. DDR Corp. (NYSE:DDR) traded up 1.19% on Thursday, hitting $15.33. The company’s stock had a trading volume of 2,705,451 shares. The stock has a market cap of $5.60 billion, a PE ratio of 59.65 and a beta of 0.83. DDR Corp. has a 12 month low of $14.67 and a 12 month high of $19.92. The firm has a 50 day moving average of $15.11 and a 200-day moving average of $16.52. WARNING: This article was first published by Web Breaking News and is owned by of Web Breaking News. If you are reading this article on another publication, it was stolen and republished in violation of United States and international copyright & trademark legislation. The legal version of this article can be accessed at http://www.webbreakingnews.com/2017/02/10/ddr-corp-ddr-position-raised-by-lazard-asset-management-llc.html. Several equities analysts have recently weighed in on DDR shares. Citigroup Inc upgraded DDR Corp. from a “neutral” rating to a “buy” rating in a report on Monday, January 30th. Morgan Stanley cut DDR Corp. from an “equal weight” rating to an “underweight” rating in a report on Monday, December 12th. They noted that the move was a valuation call. Boenning Scattergood lowered DDR Corp. from an “outperform” rating to a “neutral” rating and set a $15.50 target price on the stock. in a research report on Tuesday, October 18th. Zacks Investment Research lowered DDR Corp. from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating in a research report on Tuesday, October 25th. Finally, Mizuho raised DDR Corp. from an “underperform” rating to a “neutral” rating and set a $15.00 target price on the stock in a research report on Monday, November 7th. Two investment analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, eight have given a hold rating and three have given a buy rating to the company. The company currently has a consensus rating of “Hold” and an average price target of $18.77. In other DDR Corp. news, Director Alexander Otto purchased 218,699 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Thursday, November 17th. The stock was bought at an average cost of $14.98 per share, with a total value of $3,276,111.02. Following the completion of the transaction, the director now owns 42,517,920 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $636,918,441.60. The purchase was disclosed in a legal filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is accessible through this hyperlink. Insiders have purchased 670,000 shares of company stock valued at $9,993,069 over the last ninety days. 16.20% of the stock is currently owned by company insiders. About DDR Corp. DDR Corp. is a self-administered and self-managed real estate investment trust (REIT). The Company operates through two segments: shopping centers and loan investments. The Company is in the business of acquiring, owning, developing, redeveloping, expanding, leasing and managing shopping centers. In addition, it engages in the origination and acquisition of loans and debt securities, which are generally collateralized directly or indirectly by shopping centers. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding DDR? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for DDR Corp. (NYSE:DDR). Receive News & Ratings for DDR Corp. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for DDR Corp. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter. « Previous Lazard Asset Management LLC Has $534,000 Stake in AMC Networks Inc. (AMCX) Next » Lazard Asset Management LLC Holds Stake in Armada Hoffler Properties, Inc. (AHH) Latest News Nike Suspends Relationship with Maria Sharapova Rob Bironas Ex-Titans Kicker Dies in Car Crash Ron Washington Leaves Texas Rangers Due to an Affair Jonathan Dwyer Falls in Line with Other Banned NFL Players Tony Stewart Case Going to the Grand Jury Oscar Pistorius “Blade Runner” Found Not Guilty of Murder Leave a Reply Click here to cancel reply. Name (Required) Mail (will not be published) (Required) Website   Home Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Headlines Investing © 2006-2017 Web Breaking News.
Home About/Contact US Privacy Policy Staff Daily Email Updates Headlines Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Investing AMC Entertainment Holdings Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for AMC Entertainment Holdings Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Recent Posts Whole Foods Market, Inc. (WFM) Given Outperform Rating at Credit Suisse Group Turner Investments LLC Has $1,345,000 Position in RealPage, Inc. (RP) 34,500 Shares in Bats Global Markets Inc (BATS) Acquired by Turner Investments LLC Turner Investments LLC Lowers Stake in LegacyTexas Financial Group, Inc. (LTXB) Panera Bread Company (PNRA) Price Target Increased to $255.00 by Analysts at Royal Bank Of Canada HubSpot, Inc. (HUBS) Shares Bought by Turner Investments LLC Radware Ltd. (RDWR) Receives “Buy” Rating from Jefferies Group LLC Opus Investment Management Inc. Decreases Stake in FirstEnergy Corporation (FE) Mcclain Value Management LLC Takes Position in Barrick Gold Corporation (ABX) Syntal Capital Partners LLC Has $210,000 Position in Pretium Resources, Inc. (PVG) TotalFinaElf, S.A. (TOT) Shares Bought by Hawkins Capital L.P. Aberdeen Asia-Pacific Income Fund, Inc. (FAX) to Issue Monthly Dividend of $0.04 Huntsman Corporation (HUN) Stake Raised by Cipher Capital LP Air Lease Corporation (AL) Shares Bought by Cipher Capital LP Reliance Steel & Aluminum Co. (RS) Position Cut by Cipher Capital LP Restoration Hardware Holdings Inc. (RH) Stake Reduced by Brown Capital Management LLC Brown Capital Management LLC Cuts Stake in J.B. Hunt Transport Services, Inc. (JBHT) Meiji Yasuda Asset Management Co Ltd. Has $438,000 Position in Mid-America Apartment Communities, Inc. (MAA) Wetherby Asset Management Inc. Lowers Position in Unilever NV (UN) Wetherby Asset Management Inc. Acquires 1,352 Shares of Novo Nordisk A/S (NVO) FNY Partners Fund LP Purchases New Stake in AMC Entertainment Holdings Inc (AMC) Posted by Abby Graham on Feb 10th, 2017 // No Comments Tweet FNY Partners Fund LP purchased a new stake in shares of AMC Entertainment Holdings Inc (NYSE:AMC) during the fourth quarter, according to its most recent filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). The institutional investor purchased 18,229 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $613,000. Several other hedge funds also recently added to or reduced their stakes in AMC. Chicago Equity Partners LLC bought a new stake in AMC Entertainment Holdings during the second quarter valued at approximately $576,000. State Board of Administration of Florida Retirement System acquired a new position in shares of AMC Entertainment Holdings during the second quarter worth about $208,000. JPMorgan Chase & Co. boosted its position in shares of AMC Entertainment Holdings by 13,703.7% in the second quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 22,362 shares of the company’s stock worth $617,000 after buying an additional 22,200 shares during the last quarter. Nationwide Fund Advisors boosted its position in shares of AMC Entertainment Holdings by 5.8% in the second quarter. Nationwide Fund Advisors now owns 40,690 shares of the company’s stock worth $1,123,000 after buying an additional 2,243 shares during the last quarter. Finally, Dimensional Fund Advisors LP boosted its position in shares of AMC Entertainment Holdings by 16.6% in the second quarter. Dimensional Fund Advisors LP now owns 848,227 shares of the company’s stock worth $23,419,000 after buying an additional 120,769 shares during the last quarter. 24.40% of the stock is currently owned by institutional investors and hedge funds. Shares of AMC Entertainment Holdings Inc (NYSE:AMC) traded down 0.16% during midday trading on Thursday, hitting $31.00. 2,684,698 shares of the company were exchanged. AMC Entertainment Holdings Inc has a one year low of $19.51 and a one year high of $35.65. The firm has a market capitalization of $3.02 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 24.47 and a beta of 1.53. The firm’s 50 day moving average price is $33.92 and its 200 day moving average price is $32.08. TRADEMARK VIOLATION WARNING: This piece was first reported by Web Breaking News and is owned by of Web Breaking News. If you are viewing this piece on another domain, it was copied illegally and republished in violation of US & international copyright and trademark legislation. The legal version of this piece can be viewed at http://www.webbreakingnews.com/2017/02/10/fny-partners-fund-lp-purchases-new-stake-in-amc-entertainment-holdings-inc-amc.html. A number of equities analysts have issued reports on the stock. B. Riley reaffirmed a “buy” rating and issued a $43.00 price objective on shares of AMC Entertainment Holdings in a research note on Tuesday, December 13th. Stifel Nicolaus raised their price objective on shares of AMC Entertainment Holdings from $32.00 to $36.00 and gave the company a “buy” rating in a research note on Tuesday, November 8th. Benchmark Co. raised their price objective on shares of AMC Entertainment Holdings from $36.40 to $41.09 and gave the company a “buy” rating in a research note on Thursday, November 17th. Finally, Wedbush reaffirmed an “outperform” rating and issued a $41.00 price objective on shares of AMC Entertainment Holdings in a research note on Wednesday, December 21st. Five analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and eleven have assigned a buy rating to the stock. The company presently has an average rating of “Buy” and an average price target of $36.91. AMC Entertainment Holdings Company Profile AMC Entertainment Holdings, Inc is a holding company. The Company, through its subsidiaries, including AMC Entertainment Inc (AMCE), American Multi-Cinema, Inc (OpCo) and its subsidiaries, is engaged in the theatrical exhibition business. It operates through theatrical exhibition operations segment. It licenses first-run motion pictures from distributors owned by film production companies and from independent distributors. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding AMC? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for AMC Entertainment Holdings Inc (NYSE:AMC). Receive News & Ratings for AMC Entertainment Holdings Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for AMC Entertainment Holdings Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter. « Previous FNY Partners Fund LP Acquires Shares of 81,571 ShoreTel, Inc. (SHOR) Next » FNY Partners Fund LP Acquires Shares of 188,370 Information Services Group, Inc. (III) Latest News Nike Suspends Relationship with Maria Sharapova Rob Bironas Ex-Titans Kicker Dies in Car Crash Ron Washington Leaves Texas Rangers Due to an Affair Jonathan Dwyer Falls in Line with Other Banned NFL Players Tony Stewart Case Going to the Grand Jury Oscar Pistorius “Blade Runner” Found Not Guilty of Murder Leave a Reply Click here to cancel reply. Name (Required) Mail (will not be published) (Required) Website   Home Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Headlines Investing © 2006-2017 Web Breaking News.
SUBSCRIBE TO PE HUB WIRE Join over 60,000 of your peers Get the must-read email for PE/VC professionals delivered to your inbox daily — for free! US Edition (daily) Canada Edition (weekly) We will not send you spam, and we don't share your email address with 3rd parties. I accept the Terms and Conditions SUBSCRIBE YES! No Register Sign in A Community for Professionals in Private Capital PE HUB Network News Briefs Opinion Jobs Videos Members Emerging Managers NVCA Blog Buyouts Home Funds & Firms Emerging Managers LPs Deals & Exits People Data Room Buyouts Magazine Deal of the Year Awards VCJ Home Funds & Firms Emerging Managers LPs Deals & Exits People Data Room VCJ Magazine Pratt’s Online PartnerConnect Events Shop US Select Edition Canada US PE HUB Network News Briefs Opinion Jobs Videos Members Emerging Managers NVCA Blog Buyouts Home Funds & Firms Emerging Managers LPs Deals & Exits People Data Room Buyouts Magazine Deal of the Year Awards VCJ Home Funds & Firms Emerging Managers LPs Deals & Exits People Data Room VCJ Magazine Pratt’s Online PartnerConnect Events Shop US CANADA Log In Rippleshot rallies $2.6 mln February 8, 2017 By Iris Dorbian Chicago-based Rippleshot, a fraud analytics firm, has secured $2.6 million in funding. KDWC led the round with participation from other backers that included CMFG Ventures. In addition to the funding, Rippleshot has named Gloria Colgan to its advisory board. PRESS RELEASE CHICAGO, IL / ACCESSWIRE / February 8, 2017 / Rippleshot, a Chicago-based fraud analytics firm, today announced it has raised $2.6 million in its latest round of funding. KDWC, a Chicago-based venture capital firm which led the group of notable investors, including CMFG Ventures, which is the venture capital entity of CUNA Mutual Group. Rippleshot will use the new funding to grow its technical team of developers and data scientists in order to support the Company’s continued growth in the credit union and banking market, as well as an expansion into the merchant fraud detection space. In addition to closing this latest round of funding, Rippleshot also announced the addition of Gloria Colgan to its advisory board. Colgan is a recognized expert in the emerging payments sector having formerly served as President of PYMNTS.com, a top-ranking source of information in the payments industry, and as a senior executive at Discover Financial Services and JPMorgan Chase. “I am very pleased to join Rippleshot’s impressive board of seasoned payment veterans,” says Gloria Colgan. “This is an extremely exciting time in the company’s growth and I look forward to helping accelerate their leading position in the market.” Rippleshot is transforming the way that issuers, merchants and processors detect fraud through a cloud-based technology solution that leverages machine learning and data analytics to distinguish fraudulent activity more quickly and efficiently. Rippleshot’s award-winning technology processes millions of payment card transactions in real-time to proactively pinpoint when and where a breach of card data occurred. Following detection, Rippleshot then identifies which cards are most at risk of seeing fraudulent activity, and suggests appropriate mitigation strategies to best prevent fraud loss. “This latest round of funding comes at a time where we are in a unique place to help bridge the fraud detection gap between issuers and merchants,” said Canh Tran, CEO and co-founder of Rippleshot. “As we expand into the merchant space, we are excited to put this funding to good use as we work to encourage collaboration across the industry in order to make payments more secure for everyone. With Gloria joining our board, her impressive background will be invaluable as we take the next step in growing our footprint.” About Rippleshot Rippleshot is transforming the way that issuers, merchants and processors detect fraud through a cloud-based technology solution that leverages machine learning and data analytics to distinguish fraudulent activity more quickly and efficiently. Rippleshot’s award-winning technology processes millions of payment card transactions in real-time to proactively pinpoint when and where a breach of card data occurred. Following detection, Rippleshot then identifies which cards are most at risk of seeing fraudulent activity, and suggests appropriate mitigation strategies to best prevent fraud loss. For more information, go to www.rippleshot.com. Find new deal opportunities, super-charge your fundraising efforts and track top managers with VCJ. Get your FREE trial! Or subscribe now!  Sign up to our Newsletter Receive updates from our PE HUB Wire and Top Stories of the Week newsletters: First Name: Last Name: Email Address: US Edition (daily) Canada Edition (weekly) We will not send you spam, and we don't share your email address with 3rd parties. I accept the Terms and Conditions You are now subscribed to the PEHub Wire and Top Stories of the Week newsletters. Buyouts Insider/Argosy Group LLC produces several free newsletters that are sent directly to the email you provide at registration (namely, PE Hub Wire, PE Hub Canada Wire, PE Hub Wire Top Story of the Week, Buyouts Daily, and VCJ Alert). To enable us to keep providing these services free of charge, we reserve the right to contact you with special invitations to sample or purchase private equity-related products. By submitting this free subscription request for any of these products, you are also consenting to this communication. Should you ever wish to unsubscribe from a particular communication you may activate the unsubscribe mechanism at the bottom of the email. This will discontinue both the special invitations mentioned previously, as well as your subscription to the weekly newsletter. The information you provide will be safeguarded by Argosy Group LLC/Buyouts Insider. The company’s subsidiaries may use it to keep you informed of relevant products and services. We occasionally allow reputable companies outside of the company to mail details of products which may be of interest to you. As an international group, we may transfer your data on a global basis for the purposes indicated above. WE WILL NEVER SHARE YOUR EMAIL OR CONTACT DETAILS WITH ANY OUTSIDE COMPANY HOWEVER. Should you have any questions please do not hesitate to contact us: customerservice@buyoutsinsider.com. Top Posts Private Equity Jobs of the Week: Blackstone, Regent, McKinsey are hiring by Eamon Murphy Long-time GP skips new fund amid heavy competition by Chris Witkowsky Riverside sells YourMembership by Iris Dorbian PE investor group buys University of Phoenix owner for $10 per share by Iris Dorbian BB&T Capital Markets beefs up investment banking team with three new hires by Iris Dorbian Waud Capital invests in Minnesota Eye Consultants by Iris Dorbian Lee Equity promotes five by Iris Dorbian Carlyle to buy Golden Goose Deluxe Brand by Iris Dorbian © 2006-2017 Buyouts Insider / Argosy Group LLC About Contacts FAQ Guest Column Guidelines Terms of Use Disclaimer Privacy Policy Copyright (c) Buyouts Insider/Argosy Group LLC. Reproduction in any form is prohibited without written consent by Buyouts Insider/Argosy Group LLC.
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy   Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Banco Santander-Chile - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Banco Santander-Chile with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Michael Rapino Sells 210,000 Shares of Live Nation Entertainment, Inc. (LYV) Stock Blackrock Throgmorton Trust PLC (THRG) Increases Dividend to GBX 6.25 Per Share Pattern Energy Group Inc. (PEGI) Stock Rating Lowered by Zacks Investment Research Analysts Issue Forecasts for Akamai Technologies, Inc.’s Q1 2017 Earnings (AKAM) Allergan PLC. (AGN) Forecasted to Post Q1 2017 Earnings of $3.55 Per Share AngioDynamics, Inc. (ANGO) Receives $16.63 Average Target Price from Brokerages Sanatana Resources Inc (STA) Director Peter Leighton Miles Purchases 372,000 Shares of Stock Alexander & Baldwin Holdings, Inc. (ALEX) Director Stanley M. Kuriyama Sells 4,250 Shares Nicholas Financial, Inc. (NICK) Major Shareholder Magnolia Capital Fund, Lp Purchases 19,196 Shares Brokerages Anticipate Air Methods Corporation (AIRM) to Post $0.61 Earnings Per Share Owens Corning Inc (OC) Upgraded to Hold by Zacks Investment Research Avon Products, Inc. (AVP) Forecasted to Post Q1 2017 Earnings of $0.05 Per Share Analysts Offer Predictions for Camden Property Trust’s Q1 2017 Earnings (CPT) Jefferies Group Comments on CenturyLink, Inc.’s Q1 2017 Earnings (CTL) Brokerages Set Computer Programs and Systems, Inc. (CPSI) Price Target at $34.55 Seaport Global Securities Brokers Cut Earnings Estimates for Diamond Offshore Drilling, Inc. (DO) Daniel Kerzner Sells 36,000 Shares of Alarm.com Holdings, Inc. (ALRM) Stock Elissa Fink Sells 5,000 Shares of Tableau Software, Inc. (DATA) Stock Eaton Vance Tax-Managed Global Buy-Write (ETW) to Issue $0.10 Monthly Dividend Fiserv, Inc. to Post Q1 2017 Earnings of $1.18 Per Share, SunTrust Banks Forecasts (FISV) Banco Santander-Chile (BSAC) Rating Lowered to Sell at Zacks Investment Research February 10th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Patrick Bannon Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Finance Tweet Banco Santander-Chile (NASDAQ:BSAC) was downgraded by Zacks Investment Research from a “hold” rating to a “sell” rating in a research note issued on Friday. According to Zacks, “Banco Santiago is the largest bank in Chile, in terms of assets with Ch$4,088 billion (approximately US$9.86 billion ) as of March 31, 1997. The bank is the result of the merger of two of the largest institutions in the Chilean banking system, Banco O’Higgins S.A., mainly a corporate bank, and Banco de Santiago S.A., mainly focused in consumer and middle-market lending. “ Separately, Credit Suisse Group AG upgraded Banco Santander-Chile from a “neutral” rating to an “outperform” rating and increased their target price for the company from $20.00 to $25.00 in a research note on Thursday, November 10th. Two equities research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, two have given a hold rating and one has issued a buy rating to the company’s stock. Banco Santander-Chile currently has an average rating of “Hold” and an average price target of $22.38. Banco Santander-Chile (NASDAQ:BSAC) traded up 1.15% during trading on Friday, reaching $22.05. The company had a trading volume of 415,455 shares. The firm has a market capitalization of $10.39 billion and a P/E ratio of 13.78. The firm’s 50-day moving average price is $21.82 and its 200 day moving average price is $21.62. Banco Santander-Chile has a one year low of $16.50 and a one year high of $23.50. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY WARNING: This report was posted by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are viewing this report on another website, it was copied illegally and republished in violation of US and international copyright & trademark law. The original version of this report can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/02/10/banco-santander-chile-bsac-rating-lowered-to-sell-at-zacks-investment-research.html. Institutional investors have recently added to or reduced their stakes in the company. JPMorgan Chase & Co. increased its position in Banco Santander-Chile by 25.9% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 8,335,668 shares of the company’s stock worth $172,465,000 after buying an additional 1,717,114 shares during the period. Russell Investments Group Ltd. purchased a new position in Banco Santander-Chile during the fourth quarter worth about $15,787,000. Todd Asset Management LLC increased its position in Banco Santander-Chile by 171.1% in the third quarter. Todd Asset Management LLC now owns 734,661 shares of the company’s stock worth $15,200,000 after buying an additional 463,643 shares during the period. Harding Loevner LP increased its position in Banco Santander-Chile by 5.1% in the third quarter. Harding Loevner LP now owns 5,715,618 shares of the company’s stock worth $118,256,000 after buying an additional 279,031 shares during the period. Finally, Acadian Asset Management LLC increased its position in Banco Santander-Chile by 958.0% in the third quarter. Acadian Asset Management LLC now owns 152,495 shares of the company’s stock worth $3,155,000 after buying an additional 138,082 shares during the period. About Banco Santander-Chile Banco Santander-Chile (the Bank), formerly Banco Santander Chile, is a Chilean bank. The Bank’s segments include Retail banking, Middle-market, Global Corporate Banking and Corporate Activities (Other). The Retail Banking segment consists of individuals and small to middle-sized entities (SMEs). The Middle-market segment serves companies and large corporations. Get a free copy of the Zacks research report on Banco Santander-Chile (BSAC) For more information about research offerings from Zacks Investment Research, visit Zacks.com Receive News & Ratings for Banco Santander-Chile Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Banco Santander-Chile and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News White House Announces Conway Was Counseled Warren Receives Support After GOP Formally Silences Her Report: Trump Was Not Completely Briefed on Bannon NSC Seat Justice Department Will Challenge Stop to Travel Ban President Trump Cancels Harley-Davidson Trip Due to Possible Protests © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
24/7 Wall St. - Insightful Analysis and Commentary for U.S. and Global Equity Investors Search this site Business Aerospace & Defense Autos Banking & Finance Commodities & Metals Consumer Products Energy Healthcare Industrials Infrastructure Media Retail Services Technology Apps & Software Consumer Electronics Telecom & Wireless Apple Inc. Facebook Google Investing Analyst Upgrades Bankruptcy Buffett Corporate Governance Corporate Performance Dividends and Buybacks Earnings ETFs and Mutual Funds International Markets IPOs and Secondaries Mergers and Acquisitions Personal Finance Rumors Value Investing Economy Energy Government Regulation Healthcare Housing Jobs Special Report Brands and Products Cities Countries States Snap Gears Up for IPO By Chris Lange February 10, 2017 12:05 pm EST Print Email Tweet Snap filed its first amended S-1 form with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) regarding its initial public offering (IPO). The company did not list any pricing details in this filing but in the previous filing the offering was valued up to $3 billion. The company intends to list its shares on the New York Stock Exchange under the symbol SNAP. The underwriters for the offering are Morgan Stanley, Goldman Sachs, JPMorgan, Deutsche Bank, Barclays, Credit Suisse and Allen. This company’s flagship product, Snapchat, is a camera application that was created to help people communicate through short videos and images. The company calls each of those short videos or images a Snap. On average, 158 million people use Snapchat daily, and over 2.5 billion Snaps are created every day. On average, more than 60% of daily active users (DAUs) use the chat service every day to send Snaps and talk with friends. Snap benefits from the frequency with which its user base communicates with one another because each message invites a user back to the application when they receive a push notification. On average, DAUs visit Snapchat more than 18 times each day. Snap detailed its finances in its filing: Worldwide advertising spend is expected to grow from $652 billion in 2016 to $767 billion in 2020. The fastest growing segment is mobile advertising, which is expected to grow nearly 3x from $66 billion in 2016 to $196 billion in 2020. We believe that one of the major factors driving this growth is the shift of people’s attention from their televisions to their mobile phones. This trend is particularly pronounced among the younger demographic, where our Daily Active Users tend to be concentrated. According to Nielsen, people between the ages of 18 and 24 spent 35% less time watching traditional (live and time-shifted) television in an average month during the second quarter of 2016 compared to the second quarter of 2010. The company intends to use the net proceeds from this offering for general corporate purposes, including working capital, operating expenses and capital expenditures. The firm may use a portion of the net proceeds to acquire complementary businesses, products, services or technologies. However, it does not have agreements or commitments for any material acquisitions at this time. I'm interested in the Newsletter Get Newsletter terms and conditions   By Chris Lange « Why the Death of the Border Tax Will Save the American Economy $1 Trillion IEA Oil Market Reports Pushes Crude Prices Higher » Read more: Media, IPOs and Secondaries, social media Free Daily Newsletter Subscribe Terms & Conditions Sponsors Popular States With the Highest (and Lowest) Gas Taxes The 25 Healthiest Cities in America Merrill Lynch Has 4 Stocks Rated Buy With Yields of 8% and More The Richest Town in Every State The Biggest Company the Year You Were Born Recent Biostage, Fossil Group Tumble into Friday’s 52-Week Low Club Caterpillar, Nike Push Dow Higher Friday 20 Groceries Driving Up Your Bill the Most Is Your Valentine True? Warning About Costly Sweetheart Swindles Get Quote for: Symbol Lookup Search Apple, Inc. CEO Tim Cook Talks Up Augmented Reality's Potential (Again) Infinera's Sales Fall, but the Bottom Might Be in Sight Console Wars 2017: Will Sony or Microsoft Win? Nasdaq Composite Index logs an all-time closing high of 5,734, up 0.3% S&P 500 closes up 0.4% at a record close of 2,316 Dow finishes at a record 2,270, up 0.5% Will Health Insurers Face the Music of Trump's Policies? Dow 30 Stock Roundup: Coca-Cola, Disney, Visa Beat on Earnings QuickLogic (QUIK) to Post Q4 Earnings: What's in the Cards? Top Federal Reserve official resigns as bank deregulation looms Energy stocks look for catalyst out of doldrums Senators question Goldman Sachs on its role in Trump banking policy Mexico gets Trump's trade ire. Japan and Germany, a pass Apple, Inc. CEO Tim Cook Talks Up Augmented Reality's Potential (Again) Wall Street Week Ahead: Energy Stocks Look for Catalyst out of Doldrums 'I Am Jazz' Transgender Doll To Debut At NYC Toy Fair Bay Area Floats 'Sanctuary In Transit Policy' To Protect Commuting Immigrants T.J. Maxx Customers And Employees Sound Off On Ivanka Trump Home About Us Disclaimer and Terms of Use Privacy Policy Contact Us Advertise AOL-HuffPost Money & Finance ©2017 24/7 Wall St. | Powered by WordPress.com VIP
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy   Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Plains Group Holdings L.P. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Plains Group Holdings L.P. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Blackrock Throgmorton Trust PLC (THRG) Increases Dividend to GBX 6.25 Per Share Pattern Energy Group Inc. (PEGI) Stock Rating Lowered by Zacks Investment Research Analysts Issue Forecasts for Akamai Technologies, Inc.’s Q1 2017 Earnings (AKAM) Allergan PLC. (AGN) Forecasted to Post Q1 2017 Earnings of $3.55 Per Share AngioDynamics, Inc. (ANGO) Receives $16.63 Average Target Price from Brokerages Sanatana Resources Inc (STA) Director Peter Leighton Miles Purchases 372,000 Shares of Stock Alexander & Baldwin Holdings, Inc. (ALEX) Director Stanley M. Kuriyama Sells 4,250 Shares Nicholas Financial, Inc. (NICK) Major Shareholder Magnolia Capital Fund, Lp Purchases 19,196 Shares Brokerages Anticipate Air Methods Corporation (AIRM) to Post $0.61 Earnings Per Share Owens Corning Inc (OC) Upgraded to Hold by Zacks Investment Research Avon Products, Inc. (AVP) Forecasted to Post Q1 2017 Earnings of $0.05 Per Share Analysts Offer Predictions for Camden Property Trust’s Q1 2017 Earnings (CPT) Jefferies Group Comments on CenturyLink, Inc.’s Q1 2017 Earnings (CTL) Brokerages Set Computer Programs and Systems, Inc. (CPSI) Price Target at $34.55 Seaport Global Securities Brokers Cut Earnings Estimates for Diamond Offshore Drilling, Inc. (DO) Daniel Kerzner Sells 36,000 Shares of Alarm.com Holdings, Inc. (ALRM) Stock Elissa Fink Sells 5,000 Shares of Tableau Software, Inc. (DATA) Stock Eaton Vance Tax-Managed Global Buy-Write (ETW) to Issue $0.10 Monthly Dividend Fiserv, Inc. to Post Q1 2017 Earnings of $1.18 Per Share, SunTrust Banks Forecasts (FISV) Marriott International (MAR) Receives $83.98 Average Target Price from Brokerages Plains Group Holdings, L.P. (PAGP) Price Target Raised to $34.00 at Stifel Nicolaus February 10th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Tyrone Williams Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Finance Tweet Plains Group Holdings, L.P. (NYSE:PAGP) had its price target raised by Stifel Nicolaus to $34.00 in a research note released on Thursday. A number of other research analysts also recently commented on the stock. Robert W. Baird raised shares of Plains Group Holdings, L.P. from a neutral rating to an outperform rating and increased their price target for the company from $34.00 to $39.00 in a report on Tuesday, January 31st. Mizuho began coverage on shares of Plains Group Holdings, L.P. in a research report on Monday, January 30th. They issued a neutral rating and a $35.00 price objective on the stock. Zacks Investment Research raised shares of Plains Group Holdings, L.P. from a sell rating to a hold rating in a research report on Tuesday, January 10th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. raised shares of Plains Group Holdings, L.P. from a neutral rating to an overweight rating and increased their price objective for the stock from $29.50 to $37.00 in a research report on Friday, December 9th. Finally, Credit Suisse Group reissued a neutral rating and issued a $37.00 price objective (up from $34.00) on shares of Plains Group Holdings, L.P. in a research report on Sunday, December 4th. Fourteen analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and six have assigned a buy rating to the stock. The company has an average rating of Hold and an average price target of $19.50. Shares of Plains Group Holdings, L.P. (NYSE:PAGP) traded down 1.09% on Thursday, reaching $31.79. The company had a trading volume of 1,207,536 shares. Plains Group Holdings, L.P. has a 52 week low of $7.72 and a 52 week high of $36.09. The firm has a market capitalization of $3.21 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 33.82 and a beta of 1.49. The stock’s 50 day moving average is $33.67 and its 200 day moving average is $23.48. Plains Group Holdings, L.P. (NYSE:PAGP) last announced its quarterly earnings results on Tuesday, February 7th. The company reported ($0.08) EPS for the quarter, missing the Zacks’ consensus estimate of $0.80 by $0.88. Plains Group Holdings, L.P. had a net margin of 0.47% and a return on equity of 0.90%. The business earned $5.95 billion during the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $6.13 billion. During the same period in the previous year, the business posted $0.11 EPS. The firm’s revenue was up 19.1% on a year-over-year basis. On average, equities analysts anticipate that Plains Group Holdings, L.P. will post $2.20 EPS for the current year. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION WARNING: This report was published by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are viewing this report on another publication, it was copied illegally and republished in violation of U.S. and international copyright laws. The correct version of this report can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/02/10/plains-group-holdings-l-p-pagp-price-target-raised-to-34-00-at-stifel-nicolaus.html. The business also recently disclosed a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Tuesday, February 14th. Stockholders of record on Tuesday, January 31st will be paid a dividend of $0.55 per share. This is an increase from Plains Group Holdings, L.P.’s previous quarterly dividend of $0.21. This represents a $2.20 annualized dividend and a dividend yield of 6.92%. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Friday, January 27th. Plains Group Holdings, L.P.’s payout ratio is presently 236.06%. Several hedge funds and other institutional investors have recently modified their holdings of PAGP. BB&T Securities LLC acquired a new position in shares of Plains Group Holdings, L.P. during the third quarter valued at about $132,000. Paragon Capital Management Ltd boosted its position in shares of Plains Group Holdings, L.P. by 8.0% in the third quarter. Paragon Capital Management Ltd now owns 11,044 shares of the company’s stock valued at $143,000 after buying an additional 822 shares during the period. Capital Fund Management S.A. acquired a new position in shares of Plains Group Holdings, L.P. during the second quarter valued at about $116,000. State Board of Administration of Florida Retirement System acquired a new position in shares of Plains Group Holdings, L.P. during the fourth quarter valued at about $416,000. Finally, Nordea Investment Management AB boosted its position in shares of Plains Group Holdings, L.P. by 9.7% in the third quarter. Nordea Investment Management AB now owns 12,066 shares of the company’s stock valued at $156,000 after buying an additional 1,066 shares during the period. Plains Group Holdings, L.P. Company Profile Plains GP Holdings, L.P. (PAGP) owns an interest in the general partner and incentive distribution rights (IDRs) of Plains All American Pipeline, L.P (PAA). The Company has no separate operating activities apart from those conducted by PAA. PAA owns and operates midstream energy infrastructure and provides logistics services for crude oil, natural gas liquids (NGL), natural gas and refined products. Receive News & Ratings for Plains Group Holdings L.P. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Plains Group Holdings L.P. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News White House Announces Conway Was Counseled Warren Receives Support After GOP Formally Silences Her Report: Trump Was Not Completely Briefed on Bannon NSC Seat Justice Department Will Challenge Stop to Travel Ban President Trump Cancels Harley-Davidson Trip Due to Possible Protests © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy   Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Array BioPharma Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Array BioPharma Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Alexander & Baldwin Holdings, Inc. (ALEX) Director Stanley M. Kuriyama Sells 4,250 Shares Nicholas Financial, Inc. (NICK) Major Shareholder Magnolia Capital Fund, Lp Purchases 19,196 Shares Brokerages Anticipate Air Methods Corporation (AIRM) to Post $0.61 Earnings Per Share Owens Corning Inc (OC) Upgraded to Hold by Zacks Investment Research Avon Products, Inc. (AVP) Forecasted to Post Q1 2017 Earnings of $0.05 Per Share Analysts Offer Predictions for Camden Property Trust’s Q1 2017 Earnings (CPT) Jefferies Group Comments on CenturyLink, Inc.’s Q1 2017 Earnings (CTL) Brokerages Set Computer Programs and Systems, Inc. (CPSI) Price Target at $34.55 Seaport Global Securities Brokers Cut Earnings Estimates for Diamond Offshore Drilling, Inc. (DO) Daniel Kerzner Sells 36,000 Shares of Alarm.com Holdings, Inc. (ALRM) Stock Elissa Fink Sells 5,000 Shares of Tableau Software, Inc. (DATA) Stock Eaton Vance Tax-Managed Global Buy-Write (ETW) to Issue $0.10 Monthly Dividend Fiserv, Inc. to Post Q1 2017 Earnings of $1.18 Per Share, SunTrust Banks Forecasts (FISV) Marriott International (MAR) Receives $83.98 Average Target Price from Brokerages Zacks Investment Research Upgrades McClatchy Company (The) (MNI) to Hold Organovo Holdings, Inc. (ONVO) Shares Down 15.4% on Insider Selling iPass Inc. (IPAS) Stock Price Down 21.3% After Earnings Miss Q1 2017 EPS Estimates for O’Reilly Automotive, Inc. (ORLY) Lowered by Analyst Northcoast Research Comments on Owens Corning Inc’s Q1 2017 Earnings (OC) Alpine Global Premier Properties Fund (AWP) To Go Ex-Dividend on February 16th Array BioPharma (ARRY) – Research Analysts’ Weekly Ratings Changes February 10th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Stacy Sanders Filed Under: Analyst Articles - Company Sum - Finance Tweet Array BioPharma (NASDAQ: ARRY) recently received a number of ratings updates from brokerages and research firms: 2/9/2017 – Array BioPharma was given a new $13.00 price target on by analysts at Cantor Fitzgerald. They now have a “buy” rating on the stock. 2/3/2017 – Array BioPharma was downgraded by analysts at JPMorgan Chase & Co. from an “overweight” rating to a “neutral” rating. They now have a $10.00 price target on the stock. They noted that the move was a valuation call. They noted that the move was a valuation call. 2/3/2017 – Array BioPharma had its price target raised by analysts at Stifel Nicolaus from $8.00 to $13.00. They now have a “buy” rating on the stock. 1/31/2017 – Array BioPharma was downgraded by analysts at Zacks Investment Research from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating. According to Zacks, “Array BioPharma Inc. is a biopharmaceutical company focused on the discovery, development and commercialization of targeted small molecule drugs to treat life threatening and debilitating diseases. The company’s proprietary drug development pipeline is focused on the treatment of cancer and inflammatory disease and includes clinical candidates that are designed to regulate therapeutically important targets. In addition, leading pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies collaborate with Array to discover and develop drug candidates across a broad range of therapeutic areas. “ 1/30/2017 – Array BioPharma was downgraded by analysts at Leerink Swann from an “outperform” rating to a “market perform” rating. They now have a $11.00 price target on the stock. They noted that the move was a valuation call. They noted that the move was a valuation call. 1/17/2017 – Array BioPharma was given a new $15.00 price target on by analysts at Piper Jaffray Companies. They now have a “buy” rating on the stock. 1/13/2017 – Array BioPharma was upgraded by analysts at Zacks Investment Research from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating. They now have a $11.00 price target on the stock. According to Zacks, “Array BioPharma Inc. is a biopharmaceutical company focused on the discovery, development and commercialization of targeted small molecule drugs to treat life threatening and debilitating diseases. The company’s proprietary drug development pipeline is focused on the treatment of cancer and inflammatory disease and includes clinical candidates that are designed to regulate therapeutically important targets. In addition, leading pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies collaborate with Array to discover and develop drug candidates across a broad range of therapeutic areas. “ Array BioPharma Inc. (NASDAQ:ARRY) traded down 4.54% during trading on Friday, hitting $11.99. 9,622,281 shares of the stock were exchanged. The stock has a 50 day moving average price of $10.19 and a 200-day moving average price of $6.76. Array BioPharma Inc. has a 12-month low of $2.43 and a 12-month high of $13.40. The firm’s market capitalization is $2.02 billion. Array BioPharma (NASDAQ:ARRY) last issued its quarterly earnings results on Thursday, February 9th. The biopharmaceutical company reported ($0.14) earnings per share for the quarter, beating analysts’ consensus estimates of ($0.18) by $0.04. The company earned $44.50 million during the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $31.90 million. The business’s revenue for the quarter was up 25.7% on a year-over-year basis. During the same period in the prior year, the business earned ($0.17) EPS. On average, equities research analysts anticipate that Array BioPharma Inc. will post ($0.78) earnings per share for the current fiscal year. Array BioPharma Inc is a biopharmaceutical company focused on the discovery, development and commercialization of targeted small molecule drugs to treat patients afflicted with cancer. The Company’s programs include approximately three cancer drugs, binimetinib, encorafenib and selumetinib (partnered with AstraZeneca, PLC). Receive News & Ratings for Array BioPharma Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Array BioPharma Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News White House Announces Conway Was Counseled Warren Receives Support After GOP Formally Silences Her Report: Trump Was Not Completely Briefed on Bannon NSC Seat Justice Department Will Challenge Stop to Travel Ban President Trump Cancels Harley-Davidson Trip Due to Possible Protests © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy   Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Valeant Pharmaceuticals International Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Valeant Pharmaceuticals International Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Blackrock Throgmorton Trust PLC (THRG) Increases Dividend to GBX 6.25 Per Share Pattern Energy Group Inc. (PEGI) Stock Rating Lowered by Zacks Investment Research Analysts Issue Forecasts for Akamai Technologies, Inc.’s Q1 2017 Earnings (AKAM) Allergan PLC. (AGN) Forecasted to Post Q1 2017 Earnings of $3.55 Per Share AngioDynamics, Inc. (ANGO) Receives $16.63 Average Target Price from Brokerages Sanatana Resources Inc (STA) Director Peter Leighton Miles Purchases 372,000 Shares of Stock Alexander & Baldwin Holdings, Inc. (ALEX) Director Stanley M. Kuriyama Sells 4,250 Shares Nicholas Financial, Inc. (NICK) Major Shareholder Magnolia Capital Fund, Lp Purchases 19,196 Shares Brokerages Anticipate Air Methods Corporation (AIRM) to Post $0.61 Earnings Per Share Owens Corning Inc (OC) Upgraded to Hold by Zacks Investment Research Avon Products, Inc. (AVP) Forecasted to Post Q1 2017 Earnings of $0.05 Per Share Analysts Offer Predictions for Camden Property Trust’s Q1 2017 Earnings (CPT) Jefferies Group Comments on CenturyLink, Inc.’s Q1 2017 Earnings (CTL) Brokerages Set Computer Programs and Systems, Inc. (CPSI) Price Target at $34.55 Seaport Global Securities Brokers Cut Earnings Estimates for Diamond Offshore Drilling, Inc. (DO) Daniel Kerzner Sells 36,000 Shares of Alarm.com Holdings, Inc. (ALRM) Stock Elissa Fink Sells 5,000 Shares of Tableau Software, Inc. (DATA) Stock Eaton Vance Tax-Managed Global Buy-Write (ETW) to Issue $0.10 Monthly Dividend Fiserv, Inc. to Post Q1 2017 Earnings of $1.18 Per Share, SunTrust Banks Forecasts (FISV) Marriott International (MAR) Receives $83.98 Average Target Price from Brokerages Valeant Pharmaceuticals International’s (VRX) Hold Rating Reaffirmed at Barclays PLC February 10th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Tyrone Williams Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Finance Tweet Barclays PLC restated their hold rating on shares of Valeant Pharmaceuticals International, Inc. (NYSE:VRX) (TSE:VRX) in a research note released on Thursday. Barclays PLC currently has a $34.00 price objective on the specialty pharmaceutical company’s stock. A number of other equities research analysts also recently weighed in on the company. Deutsche Bank AG lowered their price target on Valeant Pharmaceuticals International from $30.00 to $29.00 and set a hold rating on the stock in a research report on Friday, October 14th. Wells Fargo & Company restated an underperform rating and set a $19.50 price target on shares of Valeant Pharmaceuticals International in a research report on Tuesday, October 18th. BTIG Research restated a neutral rating on shares of Valeant Pharmaceuticals International in a research report on Wednesday, January 11th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. restated a neutral rating on shares of Valeant Pharmaceuticals International in a research report on Tuesday, October 25th. Finally, Royal Bank Of Canada lowered their price target on Valeant Pharmaceuticals International from $36.00 to $35.00 and set a sector perform rating on the stock in a research report on Wednesday, October 12th. Five equities research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, fourteen have issued a hold rating and six have given a buy rating to the company’s stock. The stock currently has an average rating of Hold and a consensus target price of $33.59. Valeant Pharmaceuticals International (NYSE:VRX) traded up 0.80% during mid-day trading on Thursday, reaching $15.04. The company had a trading volume of 8,467,985 shares. The company’s 50-day moving average is $14.60 and its 200-day moving average is $20.61. Valeant Pharmaceuticals International has a one year low of $13.00 and a one year high of $98.50. The stock’s market capitalization is $5.23 billion. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION WARNING: “Valeant Pharmaceuticals International’s (VRX) Hold Rating Reaffirmed at Barclays PLC” was originally posted by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are viewing this report on another domain, it was stolen and reposted in violation of U.S. & international trademark & copyright legislation. The original version of this report can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/02/10/valeant-pharmaceuticals-internationals-vrx-hold-rating-reaffirmed-at-barclays-plc.html. In other Valeant Pharmaceuticals International news, Director Pershing Square Capital Manage sold 3,476,690 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction on Monday, December 12th. The shares were sold at an average price of $14.85, for a total value of $51,628,846.50. The sale was disclosed in a legal filing with the SEC, which is accessible through this hyperlink. Also, Director Thomas W. Sr. Ross purchased 5,000 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction on Wednesday, December 14th. The stock was bought at an average price of $14.73 per share, for a total transaction of $73,650.00. Following the purchase, the director now owns 26,822 shares in the company, valued at $395,088.06. The disclosure for this purchase can be found here. Corporate insiders own 16.37% of the company’s stock. Several hedge funds have recently made changes to their positions in VRX. Frontier Wealth Management LLC acquired a new stake in shares of Valeant Pharmaceuticals International during the fourth quarter valued at about $149,000. Stonehill Capital Management LLC acquired a new stake in shares of Valeant Pharmaceuticals International during the fourth quarter valued at about $11,151,000. Trexquant Investment LP acquired a new stake in shares of Valeant Pharmaceuticals International during the fourth quarter valued at about $299,000. Stanley Capital Management LLC boosted its stake in shares of Valeant Pharmaceuticals International by 47.5% in the fourth quarter. Stanley Capital Management LLC now owns 155,300 shares of the specialty pharmaceutical company’s stock valued at $2,255,000 after buying an additional 50,000 shares in the last quarter. Finally, Dimensional Fund Advisors LP boosted its stake in shares of Valeant Pharmaceuticals International by 86.9% in the fourth quarter. Dimensional Fund Advisors LP now owns 576,634 shares of the specialty pharmaceutical company’s stock valued at $8,372,000 after buying an additional 268,116 shares in the last quarter. Hedge funds and other institutional investors own 65.05% of the company’s stock. Valeant Pharmaceuticals International Company Profile Valeant Pharmaceuticals International, Inc is a pharmaceutical and medical device company. The Company is engaged in developing and marketing a range of branded, generic and branded generic pharmaceuticals, over-the-counter (OTC) products, and medical devices (contact lenses, intraocular lenses, ophthalmic surgical equipment, and aesthetics devices). Receive News & Ratings for Valeant Pharmaceuticals International Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Valeant Pharmaceuticals International Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News White House Announces Conway Was Counseled Warren Receives Support After GOP Formally Silences Her Report: Trump Was Not Completely Briefed on Bannon NSC Seat Justice Department Will Challenge Stop to Travel Ban President Trump Cancels Harley-Davidson Trip Due to Possible Protests © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Search Reviews iPhone Android How To Reviews iPhone How To Auto About Best Best Weight Loss Apps Best iPhone 7 Cases Best Budget Apps Things Apple Watch Can Do Best Alexa Skills Android Galaxy S7 Best Samsung Galaxy S7 Cases Best Samsung Galaxy S7 Deals Best Galaxy S7 Battery Cases Best Galaxy S7 Screen Protectors Best Galaxy S7 Edge Screen Protectors Best Galaxy S7 Edge Cases Deals Best Android Smartphones Under $200 [2017] Best Cheap Android Smartphones [2017] Amazon Store Card: 7 Important Amazon Prime Card Details Josh Smith03/30/2015 There is a new Amazon Prime Store Card that offers 5% back to Amazon Prime members or special 0% financing options for many Amazon purchases. This is an upgraded Amazon Store Card specifically for Amazon Prime members. Advertisement This isn’t exactly an Amazon cash back credit card, because the credit only hits your statement, but it is an interesting option that savvy shoppers will want to pay attention to. With the right budgeting and planning this offers an option for users to save 5% on an iPad, new Android tablet, most Android phones, MacBooks, Windows notebooks and tablets, HDTVs, the PS4, Xbox One, major appliances, DVDs and books to name a few things. Many of these items also qualify for the special Amazon Store Card financing options for 5, 12 or 24 months. What you need to know about the Amazon Store Card for Prime Members. The Amazon Store Card for Prime Members is issued through Synchrony Bank, the same bank that handles the mainAmazon.com Store Card. There are some negative reviews from users who did not understand the payment terms with the special financing options, so make sure you pay attention to the details. Here are seven important details you need to know about the new Amazon Prime Store Card. Advertisement 5% Back on Amazon Purchases The biggest reason this new Amazon Store Card is a tempting option for Amazon Prime members is that you can score 5% back every day. For comparison the Amazon Rewards Visa only offers 3% back at Amazon, but there is a bigger sign up bonus and you can use the Amazon Rewards Visa by Chase at other stores. Unlike the Chase Freedom card that only offers 5% back on Amazon purchases in the last several months of the year, this works every day. No Interest on Major Purchases for 6, 12 or 24 Months For users who don’t want to get the 5% cash back on a purchase it is possible to use the promotional financing. As long as you pay off the purchase before the 6, 12 or 24 month period there is no interest on the purchase, but if you don’t pay it off on time you need to pay interest on the whole purchase from the date of the purchase. This will stack of the 25.99% interest rate on your card for the last 6, 12 or 24 months. If you use this, it may be best to only make one major purchase at a time. Advertisement What Qualifies for Special Financing Offers Here’s what you can get special financing on. Amazon offers a handy list of things that qualify for the special Amazon Store Card financing deals. The 24-month special financing offers on Amazon are only good on HDTVs and Autodesk software. The 12-month and 6-month special financing options are valid on any order above $599 or $149 respectively. That means you can add almost anything to your cart to hit this level and use the promotional financing. When you check out you can choose 5% back or the financing offer, but beware that Amazon may set a default for you or set this card to a default payment option as part of the checkout process, so be sure to verify that your payment options are right for the next purchase you make. No Annual Fee, But $99 Amazon Prime Required There is no annual fee for the Amazon Store Card, but that doesn’t mean that it is free to use. You need to be an Amazon Prime member to use this special Amazon Prime Store Card. Advertisement Amazon Prime is $99 a year and it includes free two day shipping, $3.99 one day shipping options, unlimited access to music, movies and TV shows. Users also get free Amazon Cloud Drive storage with unlimited photo storage and can read free books through the Kindle First and Kindle Owners’ Lending Library. $40 Sign Up Bonus When you apply and are approved for the Amazon Prime Store Card you get a $40 Amazon account credit. This is small compared to some of the other bonus sign up options, but it is almost like getting Amazon Prime for half off for one year. This is on top of the 5% back bonus and financing offers, so you don’t have to choose between this offer and the others — but you only get it once. Only Purchases at Amazon.com The new Amazon Store Card for Prime Members only works at Amazon. Advertisement The Amazon Store Card and Amazon Prime Store Card are only good for purchases at Amazon. You cannot use this to make purchases at the gas station, McDonald’s and any other store. This is fine as long as you know what you are signing up for and plan to use it accordingly, but if you want one you can use at other locations there are other cards to look at. Compare to Other Credit Cards Before you jump in and sign up for the Amazon Store Card and Amazon Prime Store Card you should look at other options. The Amazon.com Rewards Visa Card offers a $70 sign up option, 3% back at Amazon, 2% back at gas stations, restaurants and drugstores as well as 1% cash back on other purchases. This card also offers drastically lower interest rate options starting at 14.24% — but without any special financing options. There is also a Chase Freedom card that includes 5% cash back on Amazon purchases from October through December only. 8 Responses 04/16/2015 Austin Powers Reply When comparing other cards, your math doesn’t add up Josh. 05/24/2015 Ninja Reply Great article, very informative. Hopefully you’ll be able to answer this question: I applied for this card after being approved for the Amazon Visa. I was denied but I thought that it was because I forgot to add my suffix to my application details, however, I was denied again, for the second time within 5 minutes. So my question is; did they do a hard or soft pull to my credit and did it happen twice? Thanks for your time! 07/29/2015 Francia Reply Is only for USA? 08/04/2015 Hannah Reply I like the 5% but I only use this card for items that I know I won’t have issues with, like dog food. I would never use it to buy electronics or other important items bc using a major cc gives you an extra year warranty so getting an extra 2% isn’t worth losing a free year warranty. 10/30/2015 RJ Reply I have the amazon store card with a very healthy CL and im grateful because i purchase a lot from amazon even though i have the ebay mastercard with a higher CL amazon’s zero interest for 6 months is great. i bought a brand new laptop and as a prime member got it the next day and since it was new i got a one year manf. warranty directly from HP im wondering if i should wait till i pay off the purchase first before switching because im not sure if i will lose the financing for the 5% cash back does anyone know ? 01/15/2016 Bonita J sianis Reply I have been trying to cancel my amazon prime card, I want to keep my amazon.com card. It said on your page that you can cancel at any time. Well I have chatted and called everyone and no one will cancel thisw card. 07/22/2016 Atheena Reply The truth about this card. 1.) They choose what to pay off Randomly. I sent in a larger than normal payment to pay off my non promotional balances (what I owe that is not on payment plans – the base debt). There was plenty left over to pay off my upcoming August thru October promotional balances (each time you order something on a promotion each item incurs a separate promotional plan. IF you buy 4 items each over 149 on one order instead of getting on that is financed for 6 months you get 4 that are each financed for 6 months. This seems harmless and ok find out the *computer pays off your upcoming promotional balances RANDOMLY* This is what the assistant said to me. 2.) IF you ask them to pay it off off in order of sale date they have to file a ticket which will take 2 to 3 statement cycles to show up AND it will not show up on your statement till then. Since your accounts are aging out and you have to pay off the interest in those times which are as stated in item 3 below. YOU have no way to see they actually paid off the items OR if they add the interest you did not pay during these times. 3.) Statements do not show your separate balances. On your statement they DO NOT provide you with simple broken down totals, a.) your non-promotional balance. b.) They do not give you a balance to pay off they next total for upcoming months. They expect you to do the simple math that quote the assistant “Even a human can do it” Sure I can do it… but why???? Why should I have to? There is a level of standards generally accepted in the USA. These have dropped. IF You need this card and stuck getting it… BEWARE the people behind this are people who are doing a very high class SCAM!!! Anyone who tricks you out of money or sets you up to give them more money than is fair is a SCAM. IF I had been able to add a photo I have one of my statement to prove what I have said here. 02/10/2017 Terry Weaver Reply Amazon Prime store card is not for me! I am having statement mailed to me to pay bill! These terms are confusing, as I do not pay bills thru e-mail. How do I cancel AmazonPrime store card? Last digits 7633 I will pay bill when received in mail. Thank You! Leave a Reply Cancel Reply Your email address will not be published. Comment Name* Email* Website Samsung Galaxy Marshmallow Update Info (2017) 02/02/2017 iPhone vs Android: 14 Reasons iPhone is Better 01/27/2017
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy   Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance RPC Group PLC - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for RPC Group PLC with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Blackrock Throgmorton Trust PLC (THRG) Increases Dividend to GBX 6.25 Per Share Pattern Energy Group Inc. (PEGI) Stock Rating Lowered by Zacks Investment Research Analysts Issue Forecasts for Akamai Technologies, Inc.’s Q1 2017 Earnings (AKAM) Allergan PLC. (AGN) Forecasted to Post Q1 2017 Earnings of $3.55 Per Share AngioDynamics, Inc. (ANGO) Receives $16.63 Average Target Price from Brokerages Sanatana Resources Inc (STA) Director Peter Leighton Miles Purchases 372,000 Shares of Stock Alexander & Baldwin Holdings, Inc. (ALEX) Director Stanley M. Kuriyama Sells 4,250 Shares Nicholas Financial, Inc. (NICK) Major Shareholder Magnolia Capital Fund, Lp Purchases 19,196 Shares Brokerages Anticipate Air Methods Corporation (AIRM) to Post $0.61 Earnings Per Share Owens Corning Inc (OC) Upgraded to Hold by Zacks Investment Research Avon Products, Inc. (AVP) Forecasted to Post Q1 2017 Earnings of $0.05 Per Share Analysts Offer Predictions for Camden Property Trust’s Q1 2017 Earnings (CPT) Jefferies Group Comments on CenturyLink, Inc.’s Q1 2017 Earnings (CTL) Brokerages Set Computer Programs and Systems, Inc. (CPSI) Price Target at $34.55 Seaport Global Securities Brokers Cut Earnings Estimates for Diamond Offshore Drilling, Inc. (DO) Daniel Kerzner Sells 36,000 Shares of Alarm.com Holdings, Inc. (ALRM) Stock Elissa Fink Sells 5,000 Shares of Tableau Software, Inc. (DATA) Stock Eaton Vance Tax-Managed Global Buy-Write (ETW) to Issue $0.10 Monthly Dividend Fiserv, Inc. to Post Q1 2017 Earnings of $1.18 Per Share, SunTrust Banks Forecasts (FISV) Marriott International (MAR) Receives $83.98 Average Target Price from Brokerages RPC Group PLC (RPC) Receives Add Rating from Numis Securities Ltd February 10th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Trevor Kearing Filed Under: Analyst Articles - UK - Finance Tweet Numis Securities Ltd reissued their add rating on shares of RPC Group PLC (LON:RPC) in a research note published on Thursday. Numis Securities Ltd currently has a GBX 1,200 ($14.95) price target on the stock. Other equities analysts have also issued research reports about the stock. Berenberg Bank reiterated a buy rating and set a GBX 1,200 ($14.95) price target on shares of RPC Group PLC in a report on Thursday. JPMorgan Chase & Co. lifted their price target on shares of RPC Group PLC from GBX 1,000 ($12.46) to GBX 1,180 ($14.70) and gave the stock an overweight rating in a report on Thursday, December 1st. Credit Suisse Group reiterated an outperform rating and set a GBX 1,040 ($12.95) price target on shares of RPC Group PLC in a report on Friday, November 25th. Jefferies Group LLC reiterated a buy rating and set a GBX 1,100 ($13.70) price target on shares of RPC Group PLC in a report on Tuesday, November 22nd. Finally, Panmure Gordon reiterated a buy rating and set a GBX 1,200 ($14.95) price target on shares of RPC Group PLC in a report on Wednesday, November 30th. One analyst has rated the stock with a hold rating and eight have assigned a buy rating to the company’s stock. The company presently has an average rating of Buy and an average target price of GBX 1,150.56 ($14.33). Shares of RPC Group PLC (LON:RPC) traded down 0.96% during trading on Thursday, hitting GBX 922.50. The stock had a trading volume of 3,683,726 shares. The company’s market capitalization is GBX 1.73 billion. The firm has a 50-day moving average of GBX 1,056.39 and a 200 day moving average of GBX 970.05. RPC Group PLC has a 1-year low of GBX 672.00 and a 1-year high of GBX 1,106.00. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION WARNING: This story was originally posted by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are viewing this story on another website, it was stolen and reposted in violation of international trademark & copyright law. The correct version of this story can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/02/10/rpc-group-plc-rpc-receives-add-rating-from-numis-securities-ltd.html. The business also recently disclosed a dividend, which was paid on Friday, January 27th. Stockholders of record on Thursday, December 29th were issued a dividend of GBX 6.50 ($0.08) per share. The ex-dividend date of this dividend was Thursday, December 29th. This represents a dividend yield of 0.6%. RPC Group PLC Company Profile RPC Group Plc is a plastic products design and engineering company. The Company offers a range of consumer products and technical components for the packaging and non-packaging markets. The Company’s business is organized into two segments: Packaging and Non-packaging. The Packaging business serves the food, nonfood (including (general industrial, agrochemical and automotive), personal care (mass personal care, cosmetics and beauty), beverage and healthcare ((pharmaceuticals) markets. Receive News & Ratings for RPC Group PLC Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for RPC Group PLC and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News White House Announces Conway Was Counseled Warren Receives Support After GOP Formally Silences Her Report: Trump Was Not Completely Briefed on Bannon NSC Seat Justice Department Will Challenge Stop to Travel Ban President Trump Cancels Harley-Davidson Trip Due to Possible Protests © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy   Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance RPC Group PLC - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for RPC Group PLC with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Blackrock Throgmorton Trust PLC (THRG) Increases Dividend to GBX 6.25 Per Share Pattern Energy Group Inc. (PEGI) Stock Rating Lowered by Zacks Investment Research Analysts Issue Forecasts for Akamai Technologies, Inc.’s Q1 2017 Earnings (AKAM) Allergan PLC. (AGN) Forecasted to Post Q1 2017 Earnings of $3.55 Per Share AngioDynamics, Inc. (ANGO) Receives $16.63 Average Target Price from Brokerages Sanatana Resources Inc (STA) Director Peter Leighton Miles Purchases 372,000 Shares of Stock Alexander & Baldwin Holdings, Inc. (ALEX) Director Stanley M. Kuriyama Sells 4,250 Shares Nicholas Financial, Inc. (NICK) Major Shareholder Magnolia Capital Fund, Lp Purchases 19,196 Shares Brokerages Anticipate Air Methods Corporation (AIRM) to Post $0.61 Earnings Per Share Owens Corning Inc (OC) Upgraded to Hold by Zacks Investment Research Avon Products, Inc. (AVP) Forecasted to Post Q1 2017 Earnings of $0.05 Per Share Analysts Offer Predictions for Camden Property Trust’s Q1 2017 Earnings (CPT) Jefferies Group Comments on CenturyLink, Inc.’s Q1 2017 Earnings (CTL) Brokerages Set Computer Programs and Systems, Inc. (CPSI) Price Target at $34.55 Seaport Global Securities Brokers Cut Earnings Estimates for Diamond Offshore Drilling, Inc. (DO) Daniel Kerzner Sells 36,000 Shares of Alarm.com Holdings, Inc. (ALRM) Stock Elissa Fink Sells 5,000 Shares of Tableau Software, Inc. (DATA) Stock Eaton Vance Tax-Managed Global Buy-Write (ETW) to Issue $0.10 Monthly Dividend Fiserv, Inc. to Post Q1 2017 Earnings of $1.18 Per Share, SunTrust Banks Forecasts (FISV) Marriott International (MAR) Receives $83.98 Average Target Price from Brokerages RPC Group PLC (RPC) Given “Buy” Rating at Berenberg Bank February 10th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Stacy Sanders Filed Under: Analyst Articles - UK - Finance Tweet Berenberg Bank reiterated their buy rating on shares of RPC Group PLC (LON:RPC) in a report released on Thursday. Berenberg Bank currently has a GBX 1,200 ($14.95) target price on the stock. A number of other analysts have also recently weighed in on the company. JPMorgan Chase & Co. reaffirmed an overweight rating and issued a GBX 1,250 ($15.57) price target on shares of RPC Group PLC in a research report on Friday, February 3rd. Jefferies Group LLC reaffirmed a buy rating and issued a GBX 1,220 ($15.20) price target on shares of RPC Group PLC in a research report on Thursday, January 12th. Peel Hunt reaffirmed a buy rating and issued a GBX 1,225 ($15.26) price target on shares of RPC Group PLC in a research report on Thursday, January 5th. Credit Suisse Group reaffirmed an outperform rating and issued a GBX 1,210 ($15.07) price target on shares of RPC Group PLC in a research report on Tuesday, January 3rd. Finally, Numis Securities Ltd reaffirmed an add rating and issued a GBX 1,200 ($14.95) price target on shares of RPC Group PLC in a research report on Thursday, December 15th. One research analyst has rated the stock with a hold rating and eight have given a buy rating to the stock. The stock has an average rating of Buy and an average target price of GBX 1,150.56 ($14.33). Shares of RPC Group PLC (LON:RPC) traded down 0.96% on Thursday, hitting GBX 922.50. The stock had a trading volume of 3,683,726 shares. The stock’s market cap is GBX 1.73 billion. The firm’s 50-day moving average is GBX 1,056.39 and its 200 day moving average is GBX 970.05. RPC Group PLC has a 1-year low of GBX 672.00 and a 1-year high of GBX 1,106.00. WARNING: “RPC Group PLC (RPC) Given “Buy” Rating at Berenberg Bank” was first reported by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are viewing this piece of content on another site, it was illegally copied and republished in violation of US and international trademark and copyright legislation. The legal version of this piece of content can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/02/10/rpc-group-plc-rpc-given-buy-rating-at-berenberg-bank.html. The company also recently declared a dividend, which was paid on Friday, January 27th. Shareholders of record on Thursday, December 29th were issued a GBX 6.50 ($0.08) dividend. The ex-dividend date was Thursday, December 29th. This represents a yield of 0.6%. About RPC Group PLC RPC Group Plc is a plastic products design and engineering company. The Company offers a range of consumer products and technical components for the packaging and non-packaging markets. The Company’s business is organized into two segments: Packaging and Non-packaging. The Packaging business serves the food, nonfood (including (general industrial, agrochemical and automotive), personal care (mass personal care, cosmetics and beauty), beverage and healthcare ((pharmaceuticals) markets. Receive News & Ratings for RPC Group PLC Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for RPC Group PLC and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News White House Announces Conway Was Counseled Warren Receives Support After GOP Formally Silences Her Report: Trump Was Not Completely Briefed on Bannon NSC Seat Justice Department Will Challenge Stop to Travel Ban President Trump Cancels Harley-Davidson Trip Due to Possible Protests © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy   Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Esure Group PLC - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Esure Group PLC with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Blackrock Throgmorton Trust PLC (THRG) Increases Dividend to GBX 6.25 Per Share Pattern Energy Group Inc. (PEGI) Stock Rating Lowered by Zacks Investment Research Analysts Issue Forecasts for Akamai Technologies, Inc.’s Q1 2017 Earnings (AKAM) Allergan PLC. (AGN) Forecasted to Post Q1 2017 Earnings of $3.55 Per Share AngioDynamics, Inc. (ANGO) Receives $16.63 Average Target Price from Brokerages Sanatana Resources Inc (STA) Director Peter Leighton Miles Purchases 372,000 Shares of Stock Alexander & Baldwin Holdings, Inc. (ALEX) Director Stanley M. Kuriyama Sells 4,250 Shares Nicholas Financial, Inc. (NICK) Major Shareholder Magnolia Capital Fund, Lp Purchases 19,196 Shares Brokerages Anticipate Air Methods Corporation (AIRM) to Post $0.61 Earnings Per Share Owens Corning Inc (OC) Upgraded to Hold by Zacks Investment Research Avon Products, Inc. (AVP) Forecasted to Post Q1 2017 Earnings of $0.05 Per Share Analysts Offer Predictions for Camden Property Trust’s Q1 2017 Earnings (CPT) Jefferies Group Comments on CenturyLink, Inc.’s Q1 2017 Earnings (CTL) Brokerages Set Computer Programs and Systems, Inc. (CPSI) Price Target at $34.55 Seaport Global Securities Brokers Cut Earnings Estimates for Diamond Offshore Drilling, Inc. (DO) Daniel Kerzner Sells 36,000 Shares of Alarm.com Holdings, Inc. (ALRM) Stock Elissa Fink Sells 5,000 Shares of Tableau Software, Inc. (DATA) Stock Eaton Vance Tax-Managed Global Buy-Write (ETW) to Issue $0.10 Monthly Dividend Fiserv, Inc. to Post Q1 2017 Earnings of $1.18 Per Share, SunTrust Banks Forecasts (FISV) Marriott International (MAR) Receives $83.98 Average Target Price from Brokerages Esure Group PLC (ESUR) Given Buy Rating at HSBC Holdings plc February 10th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Trevor Kearing Filed Under: Analyst Articles - UK - Finance Tweet HSBC Holdings plc reaffirmed their buy rating on shares of Esure Group PLC (LON:ESUR) in a research report sent to investors on Thursday. They currently have a GBX 245 ($3.05) price target on the stock. Several other equities research analysts also recently weighed in on the company. Peel Hunt cut their price target on Esure Group PLC from GBX 280 ($3.49) to GBX 190 ($2.37) and set a hold rating on the stock in a research report on Thursday, November 3rd. JPMorgan Chase & Co. reaffirmed an overweight rating and set a GBX 340 ($4.24) price target on shares of Esure Group PLC in a research report on Wednesday, November 2nd. Numis Securities Ltd raised Esure Group PLC to an add rating and set a GBX 220 ($2.74) price target on the stock in a research report on Friday, November 4th. Barclays PLC raised their target price on Esure Group PLC from GBX 245 ($3.05) to GBX 247 ($3.08) and gave the company an overweight rating in a research report on Monday, November 21st. Finally, Berenberg Bank restated a sell rating and set a GBX 238 ($2.96) target price on shares of Esure Group PLC in a research report on Wednesday, October 26th. Three investment analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, seven have given a hold rating and six have given a buy rating to the company’s stock. The company presently has an average rating of Hold and a consensus target price of GBX 228.14 ($2.84). Esure Group PLC (LON:ESUR) traded up 0.34% during midday trading on Thursday, hitting GBX 209.00. The company had a trading volume of 395,486 shares. Esure Group PLC has a 1-year low of GBX 183.10 and a 1-year high of GBX 311.00. The company has a 50 day moving average price of GBX 201.10 and a 200 day moving average price of GBX 240.70. The firm’s market capitalization is GBX 869.65 million. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY WARNING: This report was first posted by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are accessing this report on another publication, it was copied illegally and reposted in violation of U.S. & international copyright & trademark law. The original version of this report can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/02/10/esure-group-plc-esur-given-buy-rating-at-hsbc-holdings-plc.html. Esure Group PLC Company Profile esure Group plc is a holding company, which provides motor and home insurance products and services through its esure and Sheilas’ Wheels brands. The Company’s segments include motor underwriting, home underwriting, non-underwritten additional services and investments. The Motor underwriting segment includes the revenues and expenses attributable to its motor insurance underwriting activities inclusive of additional insurance products underwritten by it. Receive News & Ratings for Esure Group PLC Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Esure Group PLC and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News White House Announces Conway Was Counseled Warren Receives Support After GOP Formally Silences Her Report: Trump Was Not Completely Briefed on Bannon NSC Seat Justice Department Will Challenge Stop to Travel Ban President Trump Cancels Harley-Davidson Trip Due to Possible Protests © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy   Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Dunelm Group plc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Dunelm Group plc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Fuller & Thaler Asset Management Inc. Takes Position in Performance Food Group Company (PFGC) Fuller & Thaler Asset Management Inc. Has $147,000 Stake in Southwest Gas Corporation (SWX) Fuller & Thaler Asset Management Inc. Has $145,000 Stake in Jacobs Engineering Group Inc. (JEC) MetLife, Inc. (MET) Shares Sold by Fuller & Thaler Asset Management Inc. Fuller & Thaler Asset Management Inc. Acquires 1,000 Shares of Axis Capital Holdings Limited (AXS) D. E. Shaw & Co. Inc. Has $7,811,000 Position in Endurance Specialty Holdings Ltd (ENH) D. E. Shaw & Co. Inc. Purchases 50,413 Shares of Genuine Parts Company (GPC) D. E. Shaw & Co. Inc. Increases Position in IPG Photonics Corporation (IPGP) Nabors Industries Ltd. (NBR) Shares Sold by Gotham Asset Management LLC Gotham Asset Management LLC Buys New Stake in WEX Inc. (WEX) Gotham Asset Management LLC Purchases 69,332 Shares of The Finish Line, Inc. (FINL) 34,933 Shares in Avery Dennison Corporation (AVY) Acquired by Gotham Asset Management LLC Clinton Group Inc. Has $1,007,000 Stake in Commercial Metals Company (CMC) Ontario Teachers Pension Plan Board Sells 749 Shares of Camden Property Trust (CPT) Ontario Teachers Pension Plan Board Invests $509,000 in Boyd Gaming Corporation (BYD) Ontario Teachers Pension Plan Board Invests $509,000 in Boyd Gaming Corporation (BYD) UBS Group AG Sells 8,120 Shares of Cooper Companies, Inc. (The) (COO) UBS Group AG Cuts Position in ServisFirst Bancshares, Inc. (SFBS) 224,710 Shares in Tenneco Inc. (TEN) Acquired by The Manufacturers Life Insurance Company The Manufacturers Life Insurance Company Takes Position in Pinnacle Financial Partners, Inc. (PNFP) Dunelm Group plc (DNLM) Price Target Lowered to GBX 625 at Royal Bank Of Canada February 10th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Jeff Wilder Filed Under: Analyst Articles - UK - Finance Tweet Dunelm Group plc (LON:DNLM) had its price target cut by Royal Bank Of Canada from GBX 750 ($9.34) to GBX 625 ($7.79) in a report released on Thursday. They currently have an underperform rating on the stock. Several other research firms have also recently commented on DNLM. Deutsche Bank AG reduced their target price on Dunelm Group plc from GBX 890 ($11.09) to GBX 865 ($10.77) and set a hold rating for the company in a research note on Thursday, December 15th. HSBC Holdings plc reiterated a buy rating and set a GBX 1,050 ($13.08) target price on shares of Dunelm Group plc in a research note on Tuesday, January 3rd. Peel Hunt reiterated a buy rating and set a GBX 1,000 ($12.46) target price on shares of Dunelm Group plc in a research note on Monday, January 9th. Canaccord Genuity upgraded Dunelm Group plc to a buy rating and reduced their target price for the company from GBX 920 ($11.46) to GBX 875 ($10.90) in a research note on Thursday, October 20th. Finally, JPMorgan Chase & Co. reiterated an overweight rating and set a GBX 890 ($11.09) target price on shares of Dunelm Group plc in a research note on Thursday, October 27th. Two investment analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, four have given a hold rating and five have given a buy rating to the company’s stock. The stock presently has a consensus rating of Hold and an average target price of GBX 794.09 ($9.89). Shares of Dunelm Group plc (LON:DNLM) traded up 5.26% during trading on Thursday, reaching GBX 650.00. 970,990 shares of the company’s stock traded hands. Dunelm Group plc has a 1-year low of GBX 618.00 and a 1-year high of GBX 1,018.00. The company’s market capitalization is GBX 1.31 billion. The company has a 50 day moving average of GBX 723.09 and a 200-day moving average of GBX 798.34. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY WARNING: This news story was originally published by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are viewing this news story on another website, it was illegally copied and reposted in violation of United States and international copyright law. The legal version of this news story can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/02/10/dunelm-group-plc-dnlm-price-target-lowered-to-gbx-625-at-royal-bank-of-canada.html. The company also recently announced a dividend, which will be paid on Thursday, April 13th. Investors of record on Thursday, March 23rd will be issued a dividend of GBX 6.50 ($0.08) per share. This represents a yield of 1.04%. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Thursday, March 23rd. In other news, insider Andy Harrison bought 31,527 shares of the stock in a transaction that occurred on Thursday, February 9th. The shares were purchased at an average cost of GBX 625 ($7.79) per share, with a total value of £197,043.75 ($245,445.63). Dunelm Group plc Company Profile Dunelm Group plc is a United Kingdom-based company, which operates in the homewares market. The Company operates through the retail of homewares in the United Kingdom segment. The Company specializes in soft furnishings and other homeware. The Company also owns Dorma brand. The Company is a homewares retailer, which provides a range of products to its customer base, under the brand name Dunelm. Receive News & Ratings for Dunelm Group plc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Dunelm Group plc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News White House Announces Conway Was Counseled Warren Receives Support After GOP Formally Silences Her Report: Trump Was Not Completely Briefed on Bannon NSC Seat Justice Department Will Challenge Stop to Travel Ban President Trump Cancels Harley-Davidson Trip Due to Possible Protests © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy   Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Zurich Insurance Group Ltd. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Zurich Insurance Group Ltd. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Q1 2017 EPS Estimates for O’Reilly Automotive, Inc. (ORLY) Lowered by Analyst Northcoast Research Comments on Owens Corning Inc’s Q1 2017 Earnings (OC) Alpine Global Premier Properties Fund (AWP) To Go Ex-Dividend on February 16th Alpine Total Dynamic Dividend Fund (AOD) to Issue Monthly Dividend of $0.06 on February 28th Zytronic PLC (ZYT) To Go Ex-Dividend on February 16th Impax Asset Management Group Plc (IPX) to Issue Dividend of GBX 1.60 on March 17th Brokerages Set Whole Foods Market, Inc. (WFM) Price Target at $30.42 Countrywide PLC (CWD) Receives GBX 207.13 Consensus Price Target from Brokerages Cincinnati Bell Inc (CBB) Receives $20.63 Average Price Target from Brokerages Brokerages Set Amplify Snack Brands, inc. (BETR) PT at $16.60 Jazz Pharmaceuticals PLC (JAZZ) Receives $177.91 Average Target Price from Brokerages Benchmark Electronics, Inc. (BHE) Stock Price Up -1.5% on Analyst Upgrade iRobot Corporation (IRBT) Shares Gap Down on Insider Selling Zacks Investment Research Upgrades Model N, Inc. (MODN) to Buy NewJersey Resources Corporation (NJR) Upgraded to “Hold” at Zacks Investment Research Seaport Global Securities Equities Analysts Lower Earnings Estimates for Regal Beloit Corporation (RBC) Equities Analysts Set Expectations for Pioneer Natural Resources Company’s Q1 2017 Earnings (PXD) Parsley Energy, Inc. (PE) to Post Q1 2017 Earnings of $0.11 Per Share, Williams Capital Forecasts Analysts Set Western Refining, Inc. (WNR) Target Price at $31.70 CI Financial Corp (CIX) Receives C$28.88 Consensus PT from Brokerages Zurich Insurance Group’s (ZURVY) Sell Rating Reaffirmed at DZ Bank AG February 10th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Stacy Sanders Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Finance Tweet DZ Bank AG restated their sell rating on shares of Zurich Insurance Group Ltd. (OTCMKTS:ZURVY) in a research note issued to investors on Thursday. Other analysts have also recently issued research reports about the stock. JPMorgan Chase & Co. reissued a buy rating on shares of Zurich Insurance Group in a research note on Thursday, October 13th. Deutsche Bank AG reissued a neutral rating on shares of Zurich Insurance Group in a research note on Wednesday, October 26th. BNP Paribas raised shares of Zurich Insurance Group from a neutral rating to an outperform rating in a research note on Wednesday, January 25th. Credit Suisse Group started coverage on shares of Zurich Insurance Group in a research note on Tuesday, December 13th. They issued an outperform rating on the stock. Finally, Royal Bank Of Canada raised shares of Zurich Insurance Group from an underperform rating to a sector perform rating in a research note on Wednesday, December 7th. One investment analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, six have given a hold rating and three have assigned a buy rating to the company’s stock. The stock presently has an average rating of Hold. Shares of Zurich Insurance Group (OTCMKTS:ZURVY) traded down 0.873% during midday trading on Thursday, reaching $28.043. The company had a trading volume of 37,168 shares. The company has a market capitalization of $41.88 billion, a P/E ratio of 19.999 and a beta of 1.25. Zurich Insurance Group has a 12 month low of $20.29 and a 12 month high of $29.18. The firm’s 50 day moving average price is $28.08 and its 200-day moving average price is $26.38. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY NOTICE: “Zurich Insurance Group’s (ZURVY) Sell Rating Reaffirmed at DZ Bank AG” was first posted by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are reading this report on another website, it was stolen and reposted in violation of United States & international copyright & trademark legislation. The correct version of this report can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/02/10/zurich-insurance-groups-zurvy-sell-rating-reaffirmed-at-dz-bank-ag.html. About Zurich Insurance Group Zurich Insurance Group AG is an insurance company. The Company provides a range of general insurance and life insurance products and services. Its segments include General Insurance, which provides motor, home and commercial products and services for individuals, as well as small and large businesses; Global Life, which pursues a strategy with propositions in unit-linked and protection products, as well as fee-based solutions managed through bank distribution, corporate life, and pensions and in-force management to develop positions in its target markets, and Farmers, which provides, through Farmers Group, Inc (FGI) and its subsidiaries, non-claims related, administrative and management services to the Farmers Exchanges as attorney-in-fact. Receive News & Ratings for Zurich Insurance Group Ltd. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Zurich Insurance Group Ltd. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News White House Announces Conway Was Counseled Warren Receives Support After GOP Formally Silences Her Report: Trump Was Not Completely Briefed on Bannon NSC Seat Justice Department Will Challenge Stop to Travel Ban President Trump Cancels Harley-Davidson Trip Due to Possible Protests © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy   Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance BNP Paribas SA - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for BNP Paribas SA with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Q1 2017 EPS Estimates for O’Reilly Automotive, Inc. (ORLY) Lowered by Analyst Northcoast Research Comments on Owens Corning Inc’s Q1 2017 Earnings (OC) Alpine Global Premier Properties Fund (AWP) To Go Ex-Dividend on February 16th Alpine Total Dynamic Dividend Fund (AOD) to Issue Monthly Dividend of $0.06 on February 28th Zytronic PLC (ZYT) To Go Ex-Dividend on February 16th Impax Asset Management Group Plc (IPX) to Issue Dividend of GBX 1.60 on March 17th Brokerages Set Whole Foods Market, Inc. (WFM) Price Target at $30.42 Countrywide PLC (CWD) Receives GBX 207.13 Consensus Price Target from Brokerages Cincinnati Bell Inc (CBB) Receives $20.63 Average Price Target from Brokerages Brokerages Set Amplify Snack Brands, inc. (BETR) PT at $16.60 Jazz Pharmaceuticals PLC (JAZZ) Receives $177.91 Average Target Price from Brokerages Benchmark Electronics, Inc. (BHE) Stock Price Up -1.5% on Analyst Upgrade iRobot Corporation (IRBT) Shares Gap Down on Insider Selling Zacks Investment Research Upgrades Model N, Inc. (MODN) to Buy NewJersey Resources Corporation (NJR) Upgraded to “Hold” at Zacks Investment Research Seaport Global Securities Equities Analysts Lower Earnings Estimates for Regal Beloit Corporation (RBC) Equities Analysts Set Expectations for Pioneer Natural Resources Company’s Q1 2017 Earnings (PXD) Parsley Energy, Inc. (PE) to Post Q1 2017 Earnings of $0.11 Per Share, Williams Capital Forecasts Analysts Set Western Refining, Inc. (WNR) Target Price at $31.70 CI Financial Corp (CIX) Receives C$28.88 Consensus PT from Brokerages BNP Paribas SA (BNP) Given a €70.00 Price Target at Macquarie February 10th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Jeff Wilder Filed Under: Analyst Articles - Europe - Finance Tweet Macquarie set a €70.00 ($75.27) target price on BNP Paribas SA (EPA:BNP) in a research report released on Thursday morning. The brokerage currently has a buy rating on the stock. A number of other equities research analysts have also issued reports on BNP. Deutsche Bank AG set a €54.00 ($58.06) target price on shares of BNP Paribas SA and gave the stock a buy rating in a report on Friday, October 14th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. set a €47.00 ($50.54) target price on shares of BNP Paribas SA and gave the stock a neutral rating in a report on Wednesday, October 19th. Kepler Capital Markets set a €47.92 ($51.53) target price on shares of BNP Paribas SA and gave the stock a neutral rating in a report on Wednesday, October 19th. Morgan Stanley set a €57.30 ($61.61) target price on shares of BNP Paribas SA and gave the stock a buy rating in a report on Thursday, October 20th. Finally, Goldman Sachs Group, Inc. (The) set a €57.00 ($61.29) price objective on shares of BNP Paribas SA and gave the company a buy rating in a report on Monday, October 24th. One research analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, six have assigned a hold rating and thirteen have issued a buy rating to the company. BNP Paribas SA presently has a consensus rating of Buy and a consensus price target of €59.98 ($64.49). Shares of BNP Paribas SA (EPA:BNP) traded down 1.75% during midday trading on Thursday, hitting €55.70. 4,233,612 shares of the stock were exchanged. The stock has a 50 day moving average price of €60.63 and a 200-day moving average price of €52.43. BNP Paribas SA has a 12 month low of €35.27 and a 12 month high of €63.35. The company has a market cap of €69.41 billion and a PE ratio of 9.28. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY NOTICE: This story was originally posted by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are accessing this story on another website, it was illegally copied and reposted in violation of U.S. and international trademark & copyright legislation. The legal version of this story can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/02/10/bnp-paribas-sa-bnp-given-a-70-00-price-target-at-macquarie.html. About BNP Paribas SA BNP Paribas SA is a France-based company engaged in the financial industry. The Company provides banking and financial services. The Company operates in two divisions: Retail Banking and Services, and Corporate and Institutional Banking (CIB). The Retail Banking and Services division includes retail banking networks and specialized financial services in France and abroad. Receive News & Ratings for BNP Paribas SA Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for BNP Paribas SA and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News White House Announces Conway Was Counseled Warren Receives Support After GOP Formally Silences Her Report: Trump Was Not Completely Briefed on Bannon NSC Seat Justice Department Will Challenge Stop to Travel Ban President Trump Cancels Harley-Davidson Trip Due to Possible Protests © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact US Privacy Policy Staff Daily Email Updates Headlines Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Investing Sanofi SA - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Sanofi SA with our FREE daily email newsletter: Recent Posts OraSure Technologies, Inc. (OSUR) Lifted to Strong-Buy at Zacks Investment Research Zacks Investment Research Lowers Orion Energy Systems, Inc. (OESX) to Hold Tenneco Inc. (TEN) to Post Q1 2017 Earnings of $1.38 Per Share, Northcoast Research Forecasts Barrington Research Comments on Snap-On Incorporated’s Q1 2017 Earnings (SNA) Equities Analysts Offer Predictions for Sanderson Farms, Inc.’s Q1 2017 Earnings (SAFM) UK Commercial Property Trust Limited Plans Dividend of GBX 0.92 (UKCM) Zacks: ICU Medical, Inc. (ICUI) Given Average Rating of “Buy” by Analysts News Corporation (NWSA) Receives $16.00 Consensus Price Target from Brokerages Generac Holdlings Inc. (GNRC) Receives $40.50 Consensus Price Target from Analysts Financial Engines, Inc. (FNGN) EVP Christopher L. Jones Sells 6,667 Shares Eaton Vance Tax-Advantaged Global Divide (ETO) To Go Ex-Dividend on February 16th Eaton Vance Tax-Managed Global Dive Eq (EXG) To Go Ex-Dividend on February 16th Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd. (RCL) Receives $95.82 Average Target Price from Analysts Q1 2017 Earnings Forecast for Corrections Corp. of America Issued By SunTrust Banks (CXW) Michael Rapino Sells 210,000 Shares of Live Nation Entertainment, Inc. (LYV) Stock Model N, Inc. (MODN) Raised to Buy at Zacks Investment Research Masco Corporation Forecasted to Earn Q1 2017 Earnings of $0.36 Per Share (MAS) Equities Analysts Issue Forecasts for Kilroy Realty Corporation’s Q1 2017 Earnings (KRC) Q1 2017 EPS Estimates for Humana Inc. (HUM) Decreased by Analyst Ring Energy (REI) Receives $15.90 Average Price Target from Analysts Sanofi SA (SAN) Given a €96.00 Price Target at Deutsche Bank AG Posted by Abby Graham on Feb 10th, 2017 // No Comments Tweet Deutsche Bank AG set a €96.00 ($103.23) price target on Sanofi SA (EPA:SAN) in a research note published on Thursday. The firm currently has a buy rating on the stock. Several other research analysts also recently weighed in on the stock. Goldman Sachs Group, Inc. (The) set a €81.00 ($87.10) target price on shares of Sanofi SA and gave the company a neutral rating in a research note on Thursday. Morgan Stanley set a €91.00 ($97.85) target price on shares of Sanofi SA and gave the company a buy rating in a research note on Wednesday. JPMorgan Chase & Co. reiterated a sell rating on shares of Sanofi SA in a research note on Monday. Kepler Capital Markets set a €87.00 ($93.55) price objective on shares of Sanofi SA and gave the company a buy rating in a research note on Friday, February 3rd. Finally, Jefferies Group LLC set a €80.00 ($86.02) price objective on shares of Sanofi SA and gave the company a neutral rating in a research note on Friday, January 20th. One analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, nine have assigned a hold rating and six have assigned a buy rating to the stock. The company presently has a consensus rating of Hold and a consensus price target of €83.27 ($89.53). Sanofi SA (EPA:SAN) traded down 0.05% on Thursday, reaching €80.15. 2,031,469 shares of the company’s stock were exchanged. Sanofi SA has a 1-year low of €62.50 and a 1-year high of €81.05. The stock’s 50 day moving average price is €25.50 and its 200 day moving average price is €25.74. The firm has a market capitalization of €103.15 billion and a price-to-earnings ratio of 24.59. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION NOTICE: “Sanofi SA (SAN) Given a €96.00 Price Target at Deutsche Bank AG” was first posted by Web Breaking News and is the property of of Web Breaking News. If you are reading this article on another domain, it was illegally copied and republished in violation of US and international trademark & copyright legislation. The correct version of this article can be accessed at http://www.webbreakingnews.com/2017/02/10/sanofi-sa-san-given-a-96-00-price-target-at-deutsche-bank-ag.html. About Sanofi SA Sanofi SA, formerly Sanofi-Aventis, is a healthcare company engaged in the research, development, manufacture and marketing of therapeutic solutions. It operates through three segments: Pharmaceuticals, Human Vaccines (Vaccines) and Animal Health. The Pharmaceuticals segment consists of research, development, production and marketing of medicines, including those originating from Genzyme Corporation. Receive News & Ratings for Sanofi SA Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Sanofi SA and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter. « Previous Wesbanco Bank Inc. Has $206,000 Stake in Intercontinental Exchange Inc. (ICE) Next » Wesbanco Bank Inc. Maintains Stake in AutoZone, Inc. (AZO) Latest News Nike Suspends Relationship with Maria Sharapova Rob Bironas Ex-Titans Kicker Dies in Car Crash Ron Washington Leaves Texas Rangers Due to an Affair Jonathan Dwyer Falls in Line with Other Banned NFL Players Tony Stewart Case Going to the Grand Jury Oscar Pistorius “Blade Runner” Found Not Guilty of Murder Leave a Reply Click here to cancel reply. Name (Required) Mail (will not be published) (Required) Website   Home Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Headlines Investing © 2006-2017 Web Breaking News.
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy   Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Mimecast Limited - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Mimecast Limited with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News 12,294 Shares in FLIR Systems, Inc. (FLIR) Acquired by HBK Investments L P Private Wealth Advisors Inc. Continues to Hold Stake in Oracle Corporation (ORCL) AT&T Inc. (T) Position Reduced by Waldron LP Waters Parkerson & CO. LLC Has $26,702,000 Position in Intel Corporation (INTC) Edmond de Rothschild Europe Continues to Hold Stake in McDonald’s Corporation (MCD) Bristol-Myers Squibb Company (BMY) Position Cut by Krasney Financial LLC Home Depot, Inc. (The) (HD) Position Raised by Krasney Financial LLC Krasney Financial LLC Has $1,556,000 Position in Amgen Inc. (AMGN) Spears Abacus Advisors LLC Holds Stake in International Business Machines Corporation (IBM) McDonald’s Corporation (MCD) Stake Decreased by Godshalk Welsh Capital Management Inc. Verizon Communications Inc. (VZ) Shares Bought by Johnson Investment Counsel Inc. Johnson Investment Counsel Inc. Cuts Position in Bristol-Myers Squibb Company (BMY) NewMarket Corporation (NEU) Position Held by Advantus Capital Management Inc Advantus Capital Management Inc Buys 2,631 Shares of Coca-Cola Company (The) (KO) TLP Group LLC Purchases Shares of 1,264 Chevron Corporation (CVX) Chevron Corporation (CVX) Position Increased by Chicago Partners Investment Group LLC Chicago Partners Investment Group LLC Acquires Shares of 2,700 Schlumberger N.V. (SLB) Alphabet Inc. (GOOG) Stake Lowered by Two Sigma Securities LLC 15,104 Shares in AbbVie Inc. (ABBV) Acquired by Two Sigma Securities LLC UBS Oconnor LLC Acquires Shares of 67,145 Chevron Corporation (CVX) Mimecast Limited (MIME) PT Raised to $28.00 at Dougherty & Co February 10th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Jeff Wilder Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Finance Tweet Mimecast Limited (NASDAQ:MIME) had its target price hoisted by stock analysts at Dougherty & Co from $27.00 to $28.00 in a note issued to investors on Friday. The brokerage presently has a “buy” rating on the stock. Dougherty & Co’s price target would suggest a potential upside of 21.42% from the stock’s current price. A number of other equities research analysts have also commented on the company. Barclays PLC raised their price objective on Mimecast Limited to $27.00 in a research report on Friday. Zacks Investment Research upgraded Mimecast Limited from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $23.00 price objective for the company in a research report on Tuesday, November 15th. Stephens started coverage on Mimecast Limited in a research report on Thursday, January 5th. They set an “overweight” rating and a $24.00 price objective for the company. JPMorgan Chase & Co. started coverage on Mimecast Limited in a research report on Friday, October 14th. They set an “overweight” rating for the company. Finally, Jefferies Group LLC raised their price objective on Mimecast Limited to $29.00 and gave the stock a “buy” rating in a research report on Thursday, November 10th. Two research analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and nine have issued a buy rating to the company’s stock. The company currently has a consensus rating of “Buy” and a consensus target price of $24.61. Shares of Mimecast Limited (NASDAQ:MIME) traded down 4.42% during mid-day trading on Friday, reaching $22.04. 299,672 shares of the company’s stock traded hands. The firm has a 50-day moving average price of $20.35 and a 200-day moving average price of $18.38. Mimecast Limited has a 1-year low of $7.08 and a 1-year high of $24.60. The company’s market capitalization is $1.21 billion. Mimecast Limited (NASDAQ:MIME) last issued its quarterly earnings results on Thursday, February 9th. The company reported ($0.06) earnings per share for the quarter, missing the Zacks’ consensus estimate of $0.00 by $0.06. The company earned $48.33 million during the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $45.21 million. Mimecast Limited had a negative return on equity of 3.32% and a negative net margin of 1.64%. Mimecast Limited’s quarterly revenue was up 30.2% on a year-over-year basis. On average, equities research analysts forecast that Mimecast Limited will post $0.09 earnings per share for the current fiscal year. TRADEMARK VIOLATION WARNING: “Mimecast Limited (MIME) PT Raised to $28.00 at Dougherty & Co” was first published by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are viewing this piece on another publication, it was illegally stolen and reposted in violation of U.S. and international copyright law. The correct version of this piece can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/02/10/mimecast-limited-mime-pt-raised-to-28-00-at-dougherty-co.html. A number of large investors have recently bought and sold shares of the company. Columbus Circle Investors bought a new stake in Mimecast Limited during the third quarter valued at $7,053,000. Monashee Investment Management LLC raised its stake in Mimecast Limited by 155.9% in the third quarter. Monashee Investment Management LLC now owns 130,000 shares of the company’s stock valued at $2,487,000 after buying an additional 79,200 shares during the period. JPMorgan Chase & Co. raised its stake in Mimecast Limited by 624.3% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 37,121 shares of the company’s stock valued at $710,000 after buying an additional 31,996 shares during the period. Bank of New York Mellon Corp bought a new stake in Mimecast Limited during the third quarter valued at $5,722,000. Finally, Essex Investment Management Co. LLC bought a new stake in Mimecast Limited during the third quarter valued at $506,000. Hedge funds and other institutional investors own 43.29% of the company’s stock. Mimecast Limited Company Profile Mimecast Limited is a provider of cloud security and risk management services for corporate information and e-mail. The Company’s suite of cloud services protects customers from the business and data security risks. It also mitigates the business disruption that e-mail failure or downtime causes. In addition, its archiving services secure, store and manage critical corporate communications and information to address the compliance and e-discovery requirements. Receive News & Ratings for Mimecast Limited Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Mimecast Limited and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News White House Announces Conway Was Counseled Warren Receives Support After GOP Formally Silences Her Report: Trump Was Not Completely Briefed on Bannon NSC Seat Justice Department Will Challenge Stop to Travel Ban President Trump Cancels Harley-Davidson Trip Due to Possible Protests © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
vator vatorX vatornews Register Log in Newsroom Innovation series Interviews Lessons learned Trends & news Meet the VC Meet Peter Hsing, Managing Director at Merus Capital Before co-founding Merus, Hsing was Managing Director of the Corporate Strategy Group at Microsoft Innovation series by Steven Loeb February 10, 2017 | Comments Short URL: http://vator.tv/n/48e2 Editor's note: Our Splash Health, Wellness and Wearables event is coming up on March 23 in San Francisco. We'll have Mario Schlosser, Founder & CEO of Oscar Health, Brian Singerman (Partner, Founders Fund), Steve Jurvetson (Draper Fisher Jurvetson), J. Craig Venter (Human Longevity), Lynne Chou (Partner, Kleiner Perkins), Michael Dixon (Sequoia Capital), Patrick Chung (Xfund), Check out the full lineup and register for tickets before they jump! If you’re a healthcare startup and you’re interested in being part of our competition, learn more and register here. Also, vote for your favorite healthcare startup before February 16! Vote here! Venture capital used to be a cottage industry, with very few investing in tomorrow's products and services. Oh how times have changed. While there are more startups than ever, there's also more money chasing them. In this series, we look at the new (or relatively new) VCs in the early stages: seed and Series A. But just who are these funds and venture capitalists that run them? What kinds of investments do they like making, and how do they see themselves in the VC landscape? We're highlighting key members of the community to find out. Peter Hsing is Co-Founder and Managing Director at Merus Capital. Before co-founding Merus, Hsing was Managing Director of the Corporate Strategy Group at Microsoft, where he led a team in identifying and evaluating several $1 billion+ growth opportunities. Prior to joining Microsoft, he was an Associate in JP Morgan's Telecom, Media & Technology investment banking group and Private Placements team in Hong Kong and a management consultant with Price Waterhouse in their Dispute Analysis and Corporate Recovery Services group. He started his career in technology in 1988 as a marketing intern with IBM. Peter holds an MBA in Finance from The Wharton School, University of Pennsylvania, and a BS in Industrial Engineering from Columbia University. VatorNews: What is your investment philosophy or methodology? Peter Hsing:  We honed our playbook for investing in enterprise software during our time at Google and Microsoft. We've always believed that the future is all about digitizing reality—creating a digital representation of reality.  VN: What do you like to invest in? What are your categories of interest? PH: We only invest in what we call "real software solving real problems"--these are enterprise software companies trying to solve big economic problems for their customers. Once reality is in the form of ones and zeros, whatever you're modeling can be more easily analyzed, optimized, or visualized with software. Specifically, digitizing reality includes AR/VR, AI, and all things autonomous. VN: What would you say are the top investments you have been a part of? What stood out about those investments in particular? PH: Some of our most successful companies so far include AdRoll, AllClear ID, and Symphony Communication. In each of those cases, the founding teams were exceptional and each has taken a long term approach to building a durable franchise. VN: What do you look for in companies that you put money in? What are the most important qualities? PH: Every investment we make must pass the three "T's:" Team, TAM (total addressable market), and 10x. It starts with the team--in our judgment, they must be exceptionally strong. They have to be going after a big opportunity--"real problems" that businesses face. And their solution must be at least an order of magnitude better than anything out there today and for the near future--"real software." In other words, we invest in exceptional entrepreneurs building "real software solving real problems." The vast majority of investments we pursue come from our collective networks. With our Google and Microsoft networks at the core, we’ve been building a broad network of software-focused founders, technologists, and executives for over 20 years.  VN: What kind of traction do you look for in your startups? And can you be specific? Are you looking for a number of customers or order volume? PH: As for traction, we follow "More's Law"--more is better! That's tongue-in-cheek. Having commercial traction is not a prerequisite to getting funded as risks we perceive will ultimately reveal themselves in the termsheet. VN: Given that these days a Seed round is yesterday's Series A, meaning today a company raises a $3M Seed and no one blinks. But 10 years ago, $3M was a Series A. So what are the attributes to get that Seed round? Since it's a "Seed" does it imply that a company doesn't have to be that far along? PH: There's no standard profile for whether you're raising a seed or A round--you have to go out and test the market, i.e., do your own price discovery. It takes a lot of effort and time and is, in most cases, a necessary distraction. Stay in touch with vetnture capitalists that you want to work with. Create a competitive bidding situation when the timing is right for you/the company. At the seed round, you're probably not taking on a new board member, but at the A, you most certainly will. Don't think of it as "giving up" a board seat--you're gaining a partner who you want to help guide/help you for the next 10 or more years. So, be extremely thoughtful about who you partner with. Do *your* diligence.   VN: Tell me a bit about your background. Where did you go to school? What led you to the venture capital world? PH: There's no well-defined career path to becoming a venture capitalist. It's all about experience, judgement, and relationships and that can take a person down a lot of routes. When I was younger, I was an avid reader of sci-fi/fantasy novels--earliest I can remember was the Tom Swift series--and the future always was about tech, so I've always been infatuated with the impact of innovation. I was the kid who begged my family go see Star Wars during our family vacation during the summer of 1977 where my dad was like, "We're in Cape Cod and you want to go see a movie?!" I was also the kid who begged my parents to get my brother and I the Atari 2600 for Christmas. The digital future was just always so much cooler! So, with my love of tech and my obsession with NYC (I grew up in CT), I attended the engineering school at Columbia. I helped fund part of my education by working as an intern at IBM on Madison Ave. starting in my sophomore year (more tech). From there, I worked in corporate restructurings at PriceWaterhouse where I became an Oracle DBA and wired up SCO Unix terminals, got my MBA in Finance at Wharton, and then was recruited into Microsoft's Corporate Development group, where I met and worked closely with my two business partners, Sean and Salman, starting in 1999. In late 2004/05, when Salman and Sean left Microsoft to run Google's Corporate Dev team, I took over Salman's role as head of Corporate Strategy at Microsoft. As MD of Corp Strat, my team and I brought the company into the era of SaaS via the first offerings of what is now branded as Microsoft Cloud. Like the Blues Brothers, we (Sean, Salman, and I) got the band back together in 2008 to firm our own venture capital firm, Merus Capital. I'll point out that I've been extremely fortunate to be a part of small, high-performance teams, whether at PWC, JP Morgan, or Microsoft, and have had strong mentorship via my manager(s). I feel that one cannot have enough mentorship early on and advise that one should be proactive in seeking a mentor(s). However, one must realize that, as with all relationships, there needs to be a "fit" both ways, so it takes time to find a good match. VN: What do you like best about being a VC? What makes you excited? PH: I meet super-smart, passionate entrepreneurs that are trying to make their mark on the world. I learn something new from them every day and they give me a glimpse of the future, today. I have two incredible partners with whom I've enjoyed working with since 1999 and who I deeply trust and respect. Together, with the backing of our amazing investors, we get to build our own business--Merus was a startup back in 2008 when we launched our first fund. We're entrepreneurs as well, so we have a ton of empathy for startup founders.  VN: What is the size of your current fund?  PH: We closed our third fund of $85 million last year. While we had a few endowments and foundations in our first two core funds, with this fund, we were able to significantly expand our investor base with the addition of one of the largest US foundations, a major university endowment, and a large, international fund-of-funds. VN: What is the investment range? PH: Our investment size ranges from $500k at the seed stage to $5 million or more at a Series A round.  VN: Is there a typical percent that you want of a round? For instance, do you need to get 20% or 30% of a round? PH: We don't have a firm target percentage ownership as each investment opportunity has unique circumstances. However, venture capital is inherently not scaleable, so we do need to have enough ownership to make it worth our time, as the hard constraint is the amount of time we have to devote to each of our portfolio companies. VN: Where is the firm currently in the investing cycle of its current fund? PH: We're actively investing our third fund and have closed 7 investments in the last 9 months. VN: What percentage of your fund is set aside for follow-on capital? PH: We reserve about 50% of our funds for follow-on investments and have also raised Special Purpose Vehicles (SPVs) for larger or later follow-on rounds. VN: What series do you typically invest in? Are they typically Seed or Post Seed or Series A? PH: We make our initial investment at the Seed or Series A round.  VN: In a typical year how many startups do you invest in? PH: We might lead 3 Series A rounds in a typical year and make a half dozen seed investments. We prefer to keep our portfolios relatively concentrated. VN:  Is there anything else you think I should know about you or the firm? PH: Every firm is a bit different in style, structure and focus but similar to Benchmark, we have an equal partnership where founder interaction is always with a decision-making partner. Similar to Emergence, we have an enterprise focus. Venture is a state of coopetition where we might compete with a firm one day, only to co-invest with them the next.   What's made Merus successful has been maintaining a consistent investment approach. Consistent team, investment focus, and analytical approach. We also try pretty hard to not pay attention to what other investors like or don't like about a certain opportunity. So maintaining independence of thought is also important to our model.  Permalink <span>Send</span> Related companies, investors and entrepreneurs Peter Hsing Bio: Peter has over 20 years of technology industry experience. Before co-founding Merus, Peter was Managing Director of the Corporate Strateg... Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. blog comments powered by Disqus Programs CANNAVATOR CannaVator applicants apply via the VatorX platform.   Vator members log in here. Or, if you don't have a Vator profile, ... Learn more » Enter now! VatorNews Featured Stories Meet Peter Hsing, Managing Director at Merus Capital by Steven Loeb Live predictive rerouting is helping to fix streaming woes by Steven Loeb Donald Trump might be the one to save Twitter by Steven Loeb Hootsuite buys AdEspresso for expanded social advertising by Steven Loeb Shareholders urge Facebook to drop Zuck as Chairman by Steven Loeb Meet Mark Hasebroock, Founder of Dundee VC by Ronny Kerr Other episodes of this series Meet Mark Hasebroock, Founder of Dundee VC Meet the VC by Ronny Kerr Dundee Venture Capital aims to raise $30 million in its third fund for tech companies in the Midwest Meet Patrick Mathieson, Partner at Toba... Meet the VC by Ronny Kerr Toba's fund is evergreen, meaning it continually reinvests proceeds from successful exits Meet Sandeep Bhadra, Principal at Menlo... Meet the VC by Steven Loeb Bhadra was most recently with Cisco’s Corporate Business Development team Meet Shalom Passy, Managing Partner at... Meet the VC by Ronny Kerr Founded by a group of friends from Amdocs, AfterDox invests in $1.5 million seed rounds Meet Ofer Schreiber, Partner at YL Ventures Meet the VC by Steven Loeb Schreiber served in the Israel Defense Forces before joining YL Ventures in 2009 See all Meet the VC episodes » © 2012 Vator, Inc. Events About Careers Contact Directory Terms of Use Privacy Policy
Saturday, February 11, 2017 1:09 PM Daily Newspaper published by GPPC Doha, Qatar. Login Sign up Sign Out MENU HOME Qatar Region International Business Sport Community Opinion Media PDF Classifieds SpotLight NewsWall My News Home Qatar Region International Business Sport Community Opinion Media PDF Classifieds SpotLight NewsWall MY NEWS Please sign in now. Email: Password: Confirmation Code: Activate account Resend confirmation code Forgot your password? Don't have an account? Sign up Please Sign up Now. Activate account Resend confirmation code play pause HSBC to seek wealth management asset acquisitions this year February 10 2017 08:43 PM Business RELATED STORIES Bankers wanted for planned $200bn Turkey fund Shariah-compliant pension schemes gaining popularity UBS wealth management arm sees Trump bubble burst strengthening yen to 98 ENBD expects retail lending growth to fall to around 5% in 2017 Amwal appoints Talal Samhouri as head of asset management A frontal view of HSBC’s London headquarters. Europe’s largest bank aims to make three or four acquisitions globally this year, with a particular focus on China. Text Size: A A A Bloomberg/London HSBC Holdings Plc is planning to pursue deals to expand in asset and wealth management as the lender seeks to capitalise on the growing funds of the middle class in Asia and diversify its business away from traditional lending, according to two people with knowledge of the plans. Europe’s largest bank aims to make three or four acquisitions globally this year, with a particular focus on China, said the people, who asked not to be identified because the strategy isn’t public. The targets would be portfolios of assets or platforms allowing the bank to offer a wider range of products, rather than sizeable asset-management companies, the people said. A bank spokesman declined to comment on HSBC’s strategy in the sector. International banks have been growing their wealth and asset management arms as balance-sheet lending and securities trading become less profitable under new capital rules. Led by Mary Callahan Erdoes, JPMorgan Chase & Co’s asset-management unit has grown to oversee about $1.7tn globally and set up a money manager in Shanghai last year. Swiss lenders UBS Group AG and Credit Suisse Group AG are pulling back from investment banking in Europe and shifting resources to the higher potential returns in Asian wealth management. Chief Executive Officer Stuart Gulliver has been under pressure to streamline HSBC, the biggest provider of trade finance in the world, after profitability declined and the share price flagged. The lender is in the middle of a program started in June 2015 to redeploy as much as $150bn of assets to Asia and hire 4,000 people in the Pearl River Delta region around Hong Kong, where Gulliver pledged to “capture growth opportunities” in asset management. Wealth products, including asset management, accounted for 10% of HSBC’s total revenue in the first nine months of 2016. Revenue from that business dropped 13% from a year earlier to $3.9bn, including $718mn from asset management. The bank is set to report full-year results later this month. Growth in the business may be a boon to retail banking and wealth management chief John Flint, seen as a candidate to succeed to Gulliver, who may step down in the next few years. Flint told investors in a presentation in October that the asset management business would shift its focus to Asia and that the unit had the “potential for selective acquisitions to strengthen franchise.” The bank said it increased assets under management in Asia by 15% to $145bn at the end of September, making up more than one-third of the $416bn total the unit oversees. That put it on track to meet its goal of boosting Asian assets under management by 10% a year through 2017 as part of Gulliver’s broader plan for the bank. 0 COMMENTS There are no comments. LEAVE A COMMENT Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked* Your Comment (must be logged in)* *You must register and complete fields Please you have to log in POST COMMENT MORE NEWS Saab offers high-tech jet production hub to India READ MORE RBA lowers Australia’s short-term growth forecast READ MORE Saab offers to build modern fighter jet factory in India READ MORE Walt Disney seeking control of Euro Disney READ MORE Opec nations complying with agreed output cuts, says IEA READ MORE Europe markets shine on Trump tax cut pledge READ MORE Reckitt finalises deal to buy Mead Johnson for $16.6bn READ MORE Renault net profit jumps 19.7% to $3.77bn in 2016 READ MORE How vulnerable is copper market to supply disruption? READ MORE play pause Top News Saab offers high-tech jet production hub to India 2/11/2017 1:00:33 PM Australia battles 50 fires in heat wave, sparking warning, blackout fears 2/11/2017 10:18:20 AM Tourist critically injured in Hong Kong subway arson attack 2/11/2017 8:39:00 AM Trump vows new security steps after court setback 2/11/2017 12:22:22 AM Driving test mandatory for all expats 2/11/2017 12:22:57 AM POPULAR LATEST Driving test mandatory for all expats Qatar Feb 11, 2017 Rain, strong wind forecast today Qatar Feb 11, 2017 Dutch prosecutors seek 11 years in cyberbully case International Feb 9, 2017 Light showers expected in Qatar on Friday Qatar Feb 9, 2017 Skies come alive as Al Khor Fly-In 2017 takes off Qatar Feb 10, 2017 Al Khor air show spurs aviation dreams Qatar Feb 10, 2017 Anti-government protest hits Nigerian capital International Feb 9, 2017 Driving test mandatory for all expats Qatar Feb 11, 2017 IS executes 5 Egyptians accused of aiding army Region Feb 11, 2017 Brazil police protest spreads to Rio US/Latin America Feb 11, 2017 Saab offers high-tech jet production hub to India Business Feb 11, 2017 Leaders Lekhwiya held by Rayyan in a tense 1-1 draw Sport Feb 10, 2017 Going forward by walking backwards Culture Feb 10, 2017 Compensation for dying in harness Opinion Feb 10, 2017 HAPPENING IN DOHAMore Qatar Superstock 600 Championship Round 3 23/3/2017 Motocross World Championship 24/2/2017 Aspire Splash and Dash 12/2/2017 Fitness training 12/2/2017 Muhammad Ali: Tribute to a Legend 10/2/2017 All Rights Reserved © Gulf Times.Browse GULF TIMES on any device Mobile, tablet or ipad FOLLOW US GULF TIMES SITE MAP Qatar Region International Business Sport Community Opinion Media PDF Classifieds Spotlight Newswall My News Powered By Information About Us Contact Us Careers ADVERTISE IN GULF TIMES Newspaper Website SiteMap Site Content Usage
Finance BI Intelligence Events Trending Tech Insider Finance Politics Strategy Life Sports Video All × From To You have successfully emailed the post. × 
     

 What you need to know on Wall Street right now Business Insider Feb. 10, 2017, 12:32 PM 1,019 facebook linkedin twitter email print Massachusetts Senator Elizabeth Warren Justin Sullivan/Getty Images Welcome to Finance Insider, Business Insider's summary of the top stories of the past 24 hours.  Bridgewater Associates is as well known for being the world's largest hedge fund, with $150 billion in assets under management, as it is for its quirky culture of "radical transparency." An obvious question about the company is how — or if — Bridgewater's culture contributes to its success on the investment side. For the firm's co-CIO, Bob Prince, there's a clear correlation. We talked to Prince about the firm's  intense, unique culture, and how  he views the relationship between performance and working environment. We also recently caught up with Dubravko Lakos-Bujas, the head of US Equity Strategy at JPMorgan. Here's what he had to say about dollar strength, market volatility and where investors should put their money in 2017.  A former hedge fund manager who retired at 36 is sounding the alarm on the Trump trade. And Abby Joseph Cohen, the president of Goldman Sachs' Global Market Institute, is retiring. Elizabeth Warren and Tammy Baldwin wrote a letter to Goldman Sachs CEO Lloyd Blankfein asking how much influence Goldman has over Donald Trump. And one of the world's leading credit-rating agencies thinks Trump could be a disaster for the global economy. In deal news, the company behind Durex and Dettol just confirmed a $17.9 billion deal to buy a US baby milk maker. Wall Street stands to make more than $100 million from the deal. And Walt Disney is buying most of Saudi Prince Alwaleed's stake in Paris Disneyland. In corporate news: Under Armour denounces Trump travel ban after CEO praised president as 'a real asset for the country' Sears CEO Eddie Lampert will pay $40 million to settle a lawsuit that alleged he unfairly enriched himself with the company's "crown-jewel assets" The company behind Call of Duty and Candy Crush is soaring after reporting record revenue "Can't fly with broken wings" — Wall Street blasts Twitter for missing Q4 earnings Yelp plunges after sales outlook misses estimates In macro news, Canada's jobs report crushed it. And investors don't trust the Fed anymore, according to Business Insider's Pedro da Costa.  There's a bunch of news in the healthcare sector, too: The Senate has confirmed Trump's pick to lead the Department of Health and Human Services The list price of a life-saving overdose treatment has skyrocketed 680% in the last 3 years — and now 31 senators want answers A decades-old steroid used to treat a rare disease just got approved by the FDA — and it costs $89,000 One of the largest middlemen in the drug industry just released a video showing why it should be able to remain secretive Here's how many people in every state don't have health insurance One chart shows just how devastating healthcare costs are for American families In other news, Tesla faces a unionization challenge after factory workers complain of injuries and long hours. Elon Musk called the attacks on Tesla's working conditions "morally outrageous." Lastly, here are 35 trips every couple should take in their lifetime. Here are the top Wall Street headlines from the past 24 hour Capital One is trying to curry favor with millennials with cafés around the US offering free Wi-Fi, local coffee and food, and complimentary money coaching — The more than 80 million people born into the millennial generation have grown up with technology by their side. This is how you know something desperate is going on in China's economy —The country has been suffering from money outflows for months — something that troubles Beijing because it pulls down the value of the Chinese yuan and makes the economy harder to manage. MARK CARNEY: Central banks need "the spirit of the millennial" —Bank of England Governor Mark Carney said he wants to improve diversity at the central bank to avoid "being mono-culture, secretive and ridden with groupthink." Greece is in trouble again over its "explosive" debt — here's why— Greece is back. A disagreement among Greece's creditors over how to deal with the country's "explosive" debt pile is making the market nervous. Trading volumes are crashing at China's 3 biggest bitcoin exchanges —Trading volumes at China's three largest bitcoin exchanges have plummeted after the central bank put the virtual currency market under sharper scrutiny a month ago in a move that coincided with official efforts to stem capital outflows. A banker who's been on Wall Street for 20 years explains why you shouldn't worry too much about your first job —RBC Capital Markets' technology investment banking cohead, Michal Katz, has called some big-name Wall Street firms home over the course of her over 20-year career in finance. SEE ALSO: The 27 most important finance books ever written Follow Finance Insider and never miss an update! Get updates in your Facebook news feed. Get updates in your inbox. Privacy Policy Get updates in your inbox Subscribe to Finance Insider and never miss an update! Privacy Policy More: Finance Insider facebook linkedin twitter email print × Recommended For You Powered by Sailthru What you need to know on Wall Street right now What you need to know on Wall Street right now Welcome to Finance Insider, Business Insider's... Recommended For You Disclaimer Featured How this astronaut overcame failure and rejection to land his dream job More "Idea Factory" » We just created the best Google Chrome extension on the market for latest news headlines More "BI Innovations" » Finance Emails & Alerts Get the best of Business Insider delivered to your inbox every day. Sign-Up Get the Slide Deck from Henry Blodget's IGNITION Presentation on the Future of Digital     Read Business Insider On The Go Available on iOS or Android Find A Job Tech Jobs C-Level Jobs Media Jobs Design Jobs Finance Jobs Sales Jobs See All Jobs » Thanks to our partners Follow us on: Also check out: * Copyright © 2017 Business Insider Inc. All rights reserved. Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. Disclaimer Commerce Policy Made in NYC Stock quotes by finanzen.net International Editions: UK DE AUS ID IN MY SG PL SE NL FR IT JP
Co-sponsorAssociate Sponsors THE MOSTCOMPREHENSIVEELECTION COVERAGE Uttar Pradesh Punjab Goa Uttarakhand Manipur The Search Meter Video diaries & live updates from the campaign trail DidYouKnow Newsroom diaries 2016: How we covered the year's big stories Firstpost . Saturday, February 11, 2017Latest E-bookSwitch to हिन्दी Front Page Politics AIADMK crisis: Peace has a limit, warns Sasikala as support for OPS rises AIADMK crisis: Why the move to declare Jayalalithaa's Poes Garden property as memorial is illegal Uttar Pradesh Election 2017 LIVE: Western UP records 45% voter turnout till 2 pm; Mayawati claims BSP will win 1st phase UP Election 2017: Akhilesh, Rahul release 10-pt common minimum programme AIADMK Crisis LIVE: Sasikala to meet MLAs at Golden Bay resort, may bring them to Raj Bhavan UP Election 2017: How Modi's campaign changed dramatically and what it says about BJP's chances Sports Live India vs Bangladesh 2017, Test Day 3, scores and updates: Mushfiqur, Mehedi steady ship I-League 2017: Bengaluru FC look to regain ground against debutants Minerva Punjab Syed Mushtaq Ali Trophy 2017: Schedule, when and where to watch, live coverage on TV, online streaming NBA roundup: Draymond Green makes history in Warriors win over Grizzlies; Spurs and Heat cruise India vs Bangladesh: Virat Kohli says he isn't satisfied with just Test hundreds, wants to play longer innings Liverpool ban 'The Sun' journalists from Anfield over Hillsborough disaster coverage India UP Election 2017: Akhilesh, Rahul release 10-pt common minimum programme Uttar Pradesh: The slow death of Kanpur’s leather economy and state's job crisis 'False rape' cases: Is the feeling of being cheated something that can be explained in our laws? GoAir emergency: How the 'miraculous escape' was just another day at the office for pilots SC says it can't regulate Sardar jokes: Our view of comedy should broaden in this age of outrage Dalits barred from temple fest in Kannur; activist accuses Kerala's CPM of discrimination World S Koreans abducted by Pyongyang growing: Expert group Russia considers returning Edward Snowden to US as 'gift' Beijing gets early ‘one China’ policy win off Donald Trump, but many battles remain US senator Bernie Sanders calls Donald Trump 'delusional' New Zealand rescuers form human chain to help stranded whales after 300 died China expels dozens of South Korean missionaries amid increasing missile defence tension Business Ajay Tyagi to head capital markets regulator Sebi, to take charge on March 1 Infosys governance issues: Board not keen on Tata-style row with founders Infosys: Board must answer questions about corporate governance Govt forms task force against shell companies, vows to take'harsh punitive' action Demonetisation impact: IIP contracts to 4-month low of 0.4% in December Budget Session so far: Productivity at 113%; Bills passed just 2 Life 'False rape' cases: Is the feeling of being cheated something that can be explained in our laws? Harassment of transgender principal Manobi Bandhopadhyay is typical of society's attitudes Portraits of the 'primitive': The Konyaks, Nagaland's headhunting tribe, are the subject of a new exhibition Valentine's Day special: Around the heart in 80 dates — do Indians even know how to date? SC says it can't regulate Sardar jokes: Our view of comedy should broaden in this age of outrage Women scientists in India: What we learnt from a year of lab-hopping across the country Entertainment SRK-Aamir click a selfie; Anushka slams Phillauri rumours: What stars got up to on social media Tamma Tamma Again: Varun-Alia step into Sanjay-Madhuri's dancing shoes with authority Mahindra Blues Festival 2017: The seventh edition of Asia's largest blues fest is also its youngest Padmavati protest: Jaipur royal family supports Karni Sena against Sanjay Leela Bhansali Sonakshi Sinha could be roped in for AR Murugadoss' next film with superstar Vijay Avengers: Infinity War on-set teaser released by Marvel Studios; major reveals ahead Photos Videos Election 2017 TECH2 FAKING NEWS हिंदी Co-sponsorAssociate Sponsors You are here: Latest News Fwire News Wall Street hits record high on Trump tax talk | Reuters ReutersFeb, 10 2017 22:30:07 IST #Reuters By Yashaswini Swamynathan U.S. stocks hit record highs shortly after the open on Friday, a day after President Donald Trump said he would release a major tax reform plan in the coming weeks.Trump's promise of a "phenomenal" tax plan helped reignite a post-election rally, which had stalled in recent weeks on concerns over his protectionist stand and the lack of clarity on his policies.The biggest theme for investors is that Trump's tax plan will move quickly and he has always maintained that it is going to be very aggressive, said Uriel Cohen, founder of Alpine Global in New York. "No one wants to miss a large pop when that news does come out." Jeb Hensarling, the Republican chairman of a key House of Representatives committee, laid out his plan to roll back Wall Street and consumer protection rules, which were put in place after the 2008 financial crisis, according to a staff memo seen by Reuters on Thursday.Banks, including Morgan Stanley, Bank of America and JPMorgan, were slightly higher. The S&P 500 financial index rose 0.31 percent, giving the broader index its biggest boost. Goldman Sachs rose 0.78 percent and was the top stock on the Dow. The dollar index was up 0.3 percent to a three-week high of 101.01. Gold was down 0.3 percent. Oil prices rose 1.5 percent after news that OPEC members' initial compliance with last year's production cut deal reached a record high. [O/R]At 9:38 a.m. ET (1438 GMT) the Dow Jones Industrial Average was up 55.34 points, or 0.27 percent, at 20,227.74. The S&P 500 was up 4.65 points, or 0.20 percent, at 2,312.52 and the Nasdaq Composite was up 10.07 points, or 0.18 percent, at 5,725.25.Eight of the 11 major S&P 500 sectors were higher, with energy's 1 percent rise leading the gainers. Activision Blizzard surged 13.7 percent and gave the biggest boost to the S&P 500. The videogame maker reported better-than-expected quarterly revenue and a $1 billion share buyback program. Sears Holding jumped 31 percent to $7.27 after the struggling retailer said it would cut debt and pension obligations by at least $1.5 billion this year. Mead Johnson was up 4.7 percent after Reckitt Benckiser finalised a $16.6 billion deal to buy the infant formula maker. Skechers USA was up 17.8 percent after its fourth-quarter revenue beat expectations.Advancing issues outnumbered decliners on the NYSE by 1,770 to 837. On the Nasdaq, 1,396 issues rose and 859 fell.The S&P 500 index showed 25 new 52-week highs and no new lows, while the Nasdaq recorded 75 new highs and nine new lows. (Reporting by Yashaswini Swamynathan in Bengaluru; Editing by Anil D'Silva) This story has not been edited by Firstpost staff and is generated by auto-feed. #Reuters Also See Russian security service says hackers attacked major banks in 2016 - Ifax | Reuters Lower prices boost gold demand in India, Chinese buying wanes | Reuters Thyssenkrupp CEO says won't be pressured to rush change | Reuters Factbox: Measures expected from India's annual budget that could impact markets | Reuters Top Stories Uttar Pradesh Election 2017 LIVE: Western UP records 45% voter turnout till 2 pm; Mayawati claims BSP will win 1st phase PM Modi Likes 'Peeping into Bathrooms': Rahul on Raincoat Jibe MSG Lion Heart 2 'review': Gurmeet Ram Rahim Singh launches another surgical strike on cinema Women scientists in India: What we learnt from a year of lab-hopping across the country Affordable housing emerges as a major beneficiary of Budget 2017 'False rape' cases: Is the feeling of being cheated something that can be explained in our laws? Live India vs Bangladesh 2017, Test Day 3, scores and updates: Mushfiqur, Mehedi steady ship Cricket Scores Current & Recent Upcoming Sri Lanka in South Africa, 5 ODI Series, 2017 South Africa beat Sri Lanka by 88 runs Bangladesh in India, Only Test, 2017 Sri Lanka in South Africa, 5 ODI Series, 2017 South Africa beat Sri Lanka by 40 runs Chappell-Hadlee Trophy, 2017 New Zealand beat Australia by 24 runs Sri Lanka in South Africa, 5 ODI Series, 2017 South Africa beat Sri Lanka by 7 wickets Chappell-Hadlee Trophy, 2017 Match Abandoned England in India, 3 T20 International Series, 2016/17 India beat England by 75 runs Sri Lanka in South Africa, 5 ODI Series, 2017 South Africa beat Sri Lanka by 121 runs Chappell-Hadlee Trophy, 2017 New Zealand beat Australia by 6 runs England in India, 3 T20 International Series, 2016/17 India beat England by 5 runs Afghanistan in Zimbabwe, 5 ODI Series, 2017 ZIM vs AFG - Feb 16th, 2017, 01:00 PM IST South Africa in New Zealand, Only T20 International Series, 2017 NZ vs SA - Feb 17th, 2017, 11:30 AM IST Sri Lanka in Australia, 3 T20 International Series, 2017 AUS vs SL - Feb 17th, 2017, 02:10 PM IST South Africa in New Zealand, 5 ODI Series, 2017 NZ vs SA - Feb 19th, 2017, 06:30 AM IST Afghanistan in Zimbabwe, 5 ODI Series, 2017 ZIM vs AFG - Feb 19th, 2017, 01:00 PM IST Sri Lanka in Australia, 3 T20 International Series, 2017 AUS vs SL - Feb 19th, 2017, 01:50 PM IST Afghanistan in Zimbabwe, 5 ODI Series, 2017 ZIM vs AFG - Feb 21st, 2017, 01:00 PM IST South Africa in New Zealand, 5 ODI Series, 2017 NZ vs SA - Feb 22nd, 2017, 03:30 AM IST Sri Lanka in Australia, 3 T20 International Series, 2017 AUS vs SL - Feb 22nd, 2017, 02:20 PM IST Australia in India, 4 Test Series, 2017 IND vs AUS - Feb 23rd, 2017, 09:30 AM IST Site Index हिंदी फर्स्टपोस्ट About Firstpost Newsletter RSS Twitter Facebook Sections Front Page Politics Sports India World Business Life Entertainment Photos Videos Plus New Delhi Mumbai Photos Videos FP Exclusives Cartoons Video Room eBooks Weather Others Sample Papers Online Business Technology News MTV India Online Shopping in India Budget 2017 Assembly Elections 2017 Weather Tools RSS Feeds Apps iOS Android Copyright © 2017. Firstpost - All Rights Reserved. Terms of usePrivacy
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy   Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Rentokil Initial plc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Rentokil Initial plc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Cognizant Technology Solutions Corporation (CTSH) Shares Gap Up After Strong Earnings Benchmark Electronics, Inc. (BHE) Reaches New 1-Year High After Strong Earnings Cowen Group, Inc. (COWN) Shares Bought by D. E. Shaw & Co. Inc. La-Z-Boy Incorporated (LZB) Stake Cut by D. E. Shaw & Co. Inc. D. E. Shaw & Co. Inc. Sells 115,336 Shares of Sonus Networks, Inc. (SONS) McKesson Corporation (MCK) Position Held by Capital World Investors Capital World Investors Sells 2,100,000 Shares of Kimberly-Clark Corporation (KMB) Capital International Investors Decreases Position in Boeing Company (The) (BA) Highbridge Capital Management LLC Cuts Stake in ClubCorp Holdings, Inc. (MYCC) Extreme Networks, Inc. (EXTR) Shares Bought by Highbridge Capital Management LLC Graham Holdings Company (GHC) Position Raised by Highbridge Capital Management LLC Highbridge Capital Management LLC Takes Position in Choice Hotels International, Inc. (CHH) Fuller & Thaler Asset Management Inc. Sells 6,000 Shares of Juniper Networks, Inc. (JNPR) Fuller & Thaler Asset Management Inc. Takes Position in Performance Food Group Company (PFGC) Fuller & Thaler Asset Management Inc. Has $147,000 Stake in Southwest Gas Corporation (SWX) Fuller & Thaler Asset Management Inc. Has $145,000 Stake in Jacobs Engineering Group Inc. (JEC) MetLife, Inc. (MET) Shares Sold by Fuller & Thaler Asset Management Inc. Fuller & Thaler Asset Management Inc. Acquires 1,000 Shares of Axis Capital Holdings Limited (AXS) D. E. Shaw & Co. Inc. Has $7,811,000 Position in Endurance Specialty Holdings Ltd (ENH) D. E. Shaw & Co. Inc. Purchases 50,413 Shares of Genuine Parts Company (GPC) Rentokil Initial plc (RTO) Given Consensus Rating of “Buy” by Brokerages February 10th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Tyrone Williams Filed Under: Consensus Rating Articles - Finance Tweet Shares of Rentokil Initial plc (LON:RTO) have received a consensus recommendation of “Buy” from the eight brokerages that are presently covering the company. One equities research analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, two have given a hold rating and five have issued a buy rating on the company. The average 12 month price target among brokers that have issued ratings on the stock in the last year is GBX 227.13 ($2.83). Several equities analysts have recently commented on the company. Deutsche Bank AG reaffirmed a “buy” rating and issued a GBX 250 ($3.11) price target on shares of Rentokil Initial plc in a research note on Monday, December 19th. Peel Hunt reaffirmed an “add” rating and issued a GBX 229 ($2.85) price target on shares of Rentokil Initial plc in a research note on Wednesday, January 18th. Barclays PLC upped their price target on Rentokil Initial plc from GBX 238 ($2.96) to GBX 252 ($3.14) and gave the company an “overweight” rating in a research note on Thursday, October 20th. Credit Suisse Group reaffirmed an “outperform” rating and issued a GBX 255 ($3.18) price target on shares of Rentokil Initial plc in a research note on Monday, October 24th. Finally, JPMorgan Chase & Co. upped their price target on Rentokil Initial plc from GBX 155 ($1.93) to GBX 168 ($2.09) and gave the company an “underweight” rating in a research note on Thursday, October 20th. Rentokil Initial plc (LON:RTO) traded up 0.17% during trading on Friday, reaching GBX 235.50. The company’s stock had a trading volume of 3,023,095 shares. The stock has a 50 day moving average price of GBX 219.44 and a 200 day moving average price of GBX 218.70. The stock’s market capitalization is GBX 4.29 billion. Rentokil Initial plc has a 1-year low of GBX 147.40 and a 1-year high of GBX 236.90. TRADEMARK VIOLATION WARNING: “Rentokil Initial plc (RTO) Given Consensus Rating of “Buy” by Brokerages” was originally reported by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are reading this piece on another website, it was copied illegally and reposted in violation of international copyright and trademark legislation. The correct version of this piece can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/02/10/rentokil-initial-plc-rto-given-consensus-rating-of-buy-by-brokerages.html. About Rentokil Initial plc Rentokil Initial plc is a commercial pest control company. The Company is engaged in the provision of route-based services, which protect people and enhance lives. The Company’s segments include Europe, UK & Rest of World, Asia, North America, Pacific, and Central and regional. The Company’s business categories include Pest Control, Hygiene, Workwear and Other. Receive News & Ratings for Rentokil Initial plc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Rentokil Initial plc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News White House Announces Conway Was Counseled Warren Receives Support After GOP Formally Silences Her Report: Trump Was Not Completely Briefed on Bannon NSC Seat Justice Department Will Challenge Stop to Travel Ban President Trump Cancels Harley-Davidson Trip Due to Possible Protests © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
24/7 Wall St. - Insightful Analysis and Commentary for U.S. and Global Equity Investors Search this site Business Aerospace & Defense Autos Banking & Finance Commodities & Metals Consumer Products Energy Healthcare Industrials Infrastructure Media Retail Services Technology Apps & Software Consumer Electronics Telecom & Wireless Apple Inc. Facebook Google Investing Analyst Upgrades Bankruptcy Buffett Corporate Governance Corporate Performance Dividends and Buybacks Earnings ETFs and Mutual Funds International Markets IPOs and Secondaries Mergers and Acquisitions Personal Finance Rumors Value Investing Economy Energy Government Regulation Healthcare Housing Jobs Special Report Brands and Products Cities Countries States Cybersecurity Short Interest Remains Mixed Despite New Market Highs By Chris Lange February 10, 2017 10:55 am EST Print Email Tweet Cybersecurity has become an increasingly important issue that companies have to address as they continue to develop new platforms and mobile apps. Hackers have been able to steal credit card and personal information from major companies like JPMorgan and Home Depot. As a result, cybersecurity has become more necessary, and instead of developing a dedicated department within a company, most opt to hire a third-party cybersecurity firm. What is interesting here is that many investors think cybersecurity is the next area in technology that needs real consolidation. The January 31 short interest data have been compared with the previous figures, and short interest moves in the selected cybersecurity stocks were mixed. FireEye Inc. (NASDAQ: FEYE) saw its short interest increase to 23.70 million shares from the previous reading of 20.34 million. Shares were last seen at $11.37, in a 52-week trading range of $10.60 to $19.63. The short interest at CyberArk Software Ltd. (NASDAQ: CYBR) increased to 488,891 shares from the previous level of 449,382. Shares were trading at $54.03, within a 52-week range of $31.50 to $59.28. Check Point Software Technologies Ltd.’s (NASDAQ: CHKP) short interest decreased to 6.66 million shares from the previous reading of 9.25 million. Shares were trading at $100.61, in a 52-week range of $74.34 to $100.87. The number of Palo Alto Networks Inc. (NYSE: PANW) shares short ticked up to 7.64 million from the previous level of 6.67 million. Shares were trading at $155.42, within a 52-week range of $114.64 to $165.69. Fortinet Inc.’s (NASDAQ: FTNT) short interest decreased to 5.94 million shares from its previous reading of 7.48 million. Shares were trading at $37.75, in a 52-week trading range of $23.51 to $38.33. I'm interested in the Newsletter Get Newsletter terms and conditions   By Chris Lange « Are Tesla Workers Getting Ready to Unionize? The Overlooked Gems in Boeing’s 2016 Annual Report » Read more: Technology, short interest, Check Point Software Technolog... (NASDAQ:CHKP), FEYE, Fortinet (NASDAQ:FTNT), Palo Alto Networks (NYSE:PANW) Free Daily Newsletter Subscribe Terms & Conditions Sponsors Popular States With the Highest (and Lowest) Gas Taxes The 25 Healthiest Cities in America Merrill Lynch Has 4 Stocks Rated Buy With Yields of 8% and More The Richest Town in Every State The Biggest Company the Year You Were Born Recent Biostage, Fossil Group Tumble into Friday’s 52-Week Low Club Caterpillar, Nike Push Dow Higher Friday 20 Groceries Driving Up Your Bill the Most Is Your Valentine True? Warning About Costly Sweetheart Swindles Get Quote for: Symbol Lookup Search Apple, Inc. CEO Tim Cook Talks Up Augmented Reality's Potential (Again) Infinera's Sales Fall, but the Bottom Might Be in Sight Console Wars 2017: Will Sony or Microsoft Win? Nasdaq Composite Index logs an all-time closing high of 5,734, up 0.3% S&P 500 closes up 0.4% at a record close of 2,316 Dow finishes at a record 2,270, up 0.5% Will Health Insurers Face the Music of Trump's Policies? Dow 30 Stock Roundup: Coca-Cola, Disney, Visa Beat on Earnings QuickLogic (QUIK) to Post Q4 Earnings: What's in the Cards? Top Federal Reserve official resigns as bank deregulation looms Energy stocks look for catalyst out of doldrums Senators question Goldman Sachs on its role in Trump banking policy Mexico gets Trump's trade ire. Japan and Germany, a pass Apple, Inc. CEO Tim Cook Talks Up Augmented Reality's Potential (Again) Wall Street Week Ahead: Energy Stocks Look for Catalyst out of Doldrums 'I Am Jazz' Transgender Doll To Debut At NYC Toy Fair Bay Area Floats 'Sanctuary In Transit Policy' To Protect Commuting Immigrants T.J. Maxx Customers And Employees Sound Off On Ivanka Trump Home About Us Disclaimer and Terms of Use Privacy Policy Contact Us Advertise AOL-HuffPost Money & Finance ©2017 24/7 Wall St. | Powered by WordPress.com VIP
Home Markets Companies Opinion Politics Technology Specials PF Portfolio My Page Budget 2017 Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll North East West South Election News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Run-up to Budget 2017 Budget Quiz Budget Chat Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page Budget 2017 Run-up to Budget 2017 Budget Quiz Budget Chat Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page Budget 2017 Run-up to Budget 2017 Budget Quiz Budget Chat Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page Budget 2017 Run-up to Budget 2017 Budget Quiz Budget Chat BS APPS iPad iPhone Android Wap BS PRODUCTS Smart Investor BS Hindi BS Motoring BS Books Today's Paper BS SPECIALS B2B Connect Power & Energy SME BS E-Paper Hi, Change Password Subscribe Sign out Change Password Manage My Account Sign out SIGN IN Subscribe               TRENDING ON BS #BudgetSpeech #Personal I-T rate #Budget2017 #PopulistBudget #IRCTC News Stock Quote Authors  News    Stock Quote    Authors You are here: Home » International » News » Markets All members of UNSC should follow rules: China on Masood Azhar's ban Business Standard Wall Street hits record high on Trump tax talk Oil prices rose 1.5% after Opec's compliance with last year's production cut deal hit records Reuters  February 10, 2017 Last Updated at 21:25 IST email this article Message: Recipients' Email: Type address separated by commas Your Email: Enter the characters shown in the image. Send me a copy:   http://mybs.in/2UTNrcR ALSO READ Wall Street flat as investors focus on earnings Wall Street loses ground after mixed jobs data Wall Street flat as countdown to Trump's swearing-in begins Donald Trump's pick for advisor on financial policies plagued by conflict of interest Bank, energy stocks lift Wall Street indexes to record highs US stocks hit record highs shortly after the open on Friday, a day after President Donald Trump said he would release a major tax reform plan in the coming weeks. Trump's promise of a "phenomenal" tax plan helped reignite a post-election rally, which had stalled in recent weeks on concerns over his protectionist stand and the lack of clarity on his policies. The biggest theme for investors is that Trump's tax plan will move quickly and he has always maintained that it is going to be very aggressive, said Uriel Cohen, founder of Alpine Global in New York. "No one wants to miss a large pop when that news does come out." Jeb Hensarling, the Republican chairman of a key House of Representatives committee, laid out his plan to roll back Wall Street and consumer protection rules, which were put in place after the 2008 financial crisis, according to a staff memo seen by Reuters on Thursday. Banks, including Morgan Stanley, Bank of America and JPMorgan, were slightly higher. The S&P 500 financial index rose 0.31 per cent, giving the broader index its biggest boost. Goldman Sachs rose 0.78 per cent and was the top stock on the Dow. The dollar index was up 0.3 per cent to a three-week high of 101.01. Gold was down 0.3 per cent. Oil prices rose 1.5 per cent after news that Opec members' initial compliance with last year's production cut deal reached a record high.  At 9:38 a.m. ET (1438 GMT) the Dow Jones Industrial Average was up 55.34 points, or 0.27 per cent, at 20,227.74. The S&P 500 was up 4.65 points, or 0.20 per cent, at 2,312.52 and the Nasdaq Composite was up 10.07 points, or 0.18 per cent, at 5,725.25. Eight of the 11 major S&P 500 sectors were higher, with energy's 1 per cent rise leading the gainers. Activision Blizzard surged 13.7 per cent and gave the biggest boost to the S&P 500. The videogame maker reported better-than-expected quarterly revenue and a $1 billion share buyback program. Sears Holding jumped 31 per cent to $7.27 after the struggling retailer said it would cut debt and pension obligations by at least $1.5 billion this year. Mead Johnson was up 4.7 per cent after Reckitt Benckiser finalised a $16.6 billion deal to buy the infant formula maker. Skechers USA was up 17.8 per cent after its fourth-quarter revenue beat expectations. Advancing issues outnumbered decliners on the NYSE by 1,770 to 837. On the Nasdaq, 1,396 issues rose and 859 fell. The S&P 500 index showed 25 new 52-week highs and no new lows, while the Nasdaq recorded 75 new highs and nine new lows. Read More On Usa | Stocks | Wall Street | Tax | Donald Trump | 2008 Financial Crisis | International | Markets PREVIOUS STORY NEXT STORY RECOMMENDED FOR YOU Advertisements Cover from Natural Calamities. Buy Home Insurance Free Brokerage for 1st Month Double Benefits Cashless Treatments plus Tax Savings Open a demat account with Sharekhan & learn online trading. Exploring Untapped Potential of Mutual Funds. IIM Bangalore: Aerospace Management Programme Cover from Earthquake & Floods. Buy Home Insurance Supercharge your Indian property portfolio New to investing in shares? Open 100% Paperless Demat Account in just 15 mins. Bengal Global Business Summit. click here Your Loan Eligibility Holds the Key to Your Dream Home Rise and fall of Bitcoin, does history repeat itself? New to the Stock Market? Take your FirstStep Why are More People Applying for Personal Loans? Wall Street hits record high on Trump tax talk Oil prices rose 1.5% after Opec's compliance with last year's production cut deal hit records Oil prices rose 1.5% after Opec's compliance with last year's production cut deal hit records US stocks hit record highs shortly after the open on Friday, a day after President Donald Trump said he would release a major tax reform plan in the coming weeks. Trump's promise of a "phenomenal" tax plan helped reignite a post-election rally, which had stalled in recent weeks on concerns over his protectionist stand and the lack of clarity on his policies. The biggest theme for investors is that Trump's tax plan will move quickly and he has always maintained that it is going to be very aggressive, said Uriel Cohen, founder of Alpine Global in New York. "No one wants to miss a large pop when that news does come out." Jeb Hensarling, the Republican chairman of a key House of Representatives committee, laid out his plan to roll back Wall Street and consumer protection rules, which were put in place after the 2008 financial crisis, according to a staff memo seen by Reuters on Thursday. Banks, including Morgan Stanley, Bank of America and JPMorgan, were slightly higher. The S&P 500 financial index rose 0.31 per cent, giving the broader index its biggest boost. Goldman Sachs rose 0.78 per cent and was the top stock on the Dow. The dollar index was up 0.3 per cent to a three-week high of 101.01. Gold was down 0.3 per cent. Oil prices rose 1.5 per cent after news that Opec members' initial compliance with last year's production cut deal reached a record high.  At 9:38 a.m. ET (1438 GMT) the Dow Jones Industrial Average was up 55.34 points, or 0.27 per cent, at 20,227.74. The S&P 500 was up 4.65 points, or 0.20 per cent, at 2,312.52 and the Nasdaq Composite was up 10.07 points, or 0.18 per cent, at 5,725.25. Eight of the 11 major S&P 500 sectors were higher, with energy's 1 per cent rise leading the gainers. Activision Blizzard surged 13.7 per cent and gave the biggest boost to the S&P 500. The videogame maker reported better-than-expected quarterly revenue and a $1 billion share buyback program. Sears Holding jumped 31 per cent to $7.27 after the struggling retailer said it would cut debt and pension obligations by at least $1.5 billion this year. Mead Johnson was up 4.7 per cent after Reckitt Benckiser finalised a $16.6 billion deal to buy the infant formula maker. Skechers USA was up 17.8 per cent after its fourth-quarter revenue beat expectations. Advancing issues outnumbered decliners on the NYSE by 1,770 to 837. On the Nasdaq, 1,396 issues rose and 859 fell. The S&P 500 index showed 25 new 52-week highs and no new lows, while the Nasdaq recorded 75 new highs and nine new lows. Reuters Business Standard http://bsmedia.business-standard.com/_media/bs/wap/images/bs_logo_amp.png 177 22 Wall Street hits record high on Trump tax talk Oil prices rose 1.5% after Opec's compliance with last year's production cut deal hit records US stocks hit record highs shortly after the open on Friday, a day after President Donald Trump said he would release a major tax reform plan in the coming weeks. Trump's promise of a "phenomenal" tax plan helped reignite a post-election rally, which had stalled in recent weeks on concerns over his protectionist stand and the lack of clarity on his policies. The biggest theme for investors is that Trump's tax plan will move quickly and he has always maintained that it is going to be very aggressive, said Uriel Cohen, founder of Alpine Global in New York. "No one wants to miss a large pop when that news does come out." Jeb Hensarling, the Republican chairman of a key House of Representatives committee, laid out his plan to roll back Wall Street and consumer protection rules, which were put in place after the 2008 financial crisis, according to a staff memo seen by Reuters on Thursday. Banks, including Morgan Stanley, Bank of America and JPMorgan, were slightly higher. The S&P 500 financial index rose 0.31 per cent, giving the broader index its biggest boost. Goldman Sachs rose 0.78 per cent and was the top stock on the Dow. The dollar index was up 0.3 per cent to a three-week high of 101.01. Gold was down 0.3 per cent. Oil prices rose 1.5 per cent after news that Opec members' initial compliance with last year's production cut deal reached a record high.  At 9:38 a.m. ET (1438 GMT) the Dow Jones Industrial Average was up 55.34 points, or 0.27 per cent, at 20,227.74. The S&P 500 was up 4.65 points, or 0.20 per cent, at 2,312.52 and the Nasdaq Composite was up 10.07 points, or 0.18 per cent, at 5,725.25. Eight of the 11 major S&P 500 sectors were higher, with energy's 1 per cent rise leading the gainers. Activision Blizzard surged 13.7 per cent and gave the biggest boost to the S&P 500. The videogame maker reported better-than-expected quarterly revenue and a $1 billion share buyback program. Sears Holding jumped 31 per cent to $7.27 after the struggling retailer said it would cut debt and pension obligations by at least $1.5 billion this year. Mead Johnson was up 4.7 per cent after Reckitt Benckiser finalised a $16.6 billion deal to buy the infant formula maker. Skechers USA was up 17.8 per cent after its fourth-quarter revenue beat expectations. Advancing issues outnumbered decliners on the NYSE by 1,770 to 837. On the Nasdaq, 1,396 issues rose and 859 fell. The S&P 500 index showed 25 new 52-week highs and no new lows, while the Nasdaq recorded 75 new highs and nine new lows. Reuters Business Standard http://bsmedia.business-standard.com/_media/bs/wap/images/bs_logo_amp.png 177 22 MORE ON MARKETS: Quick Links Stock Market Live Portfolio Commodity Market Upcoming IPO Personal Finance Stock Market News Derivatives Mutual Funds Gold Price Sensex Browse STOCK Companies A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 Browse Mutual Funds A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z Index Stocks ACC Adani Ports Ambuja Cem. Asian Paints Aurobindo Pharma Axis Bank B H E L B P C L Bajaj Auto Bank of Baroda Bharti Airtel Bharti Infra. Bosch Cipla Coal India Dr Reddy's Labs Eicher Motors GAIL (India) Grasim Inds H D F C HCL Technologies HDFC Bank Hero Motocorp Hind. Unilever Hindalco Inds. ICICI Bank Idea Cellular IndusInd Bank Infosys ITC Kotak Mah. Bank Larsen & Toubro Lupin M & M Maruri Suzuki NTPC O N G C Power Grid Corpn Reliance Inds. St Bk of India Sun Pharma. Inds. Tata Motors Tata Motors-DVR Tata Power Co. Tata Steel TCS Tech Mahindra UltraTech Cement Ltd Wipro Yes Bank Zee Entertainment Copyrights © 2017 Business Standard Private Ltd. All rights reserved. From BS Website Home Companies Markets Opinion Politics Technology Specials Personal Finance Budget Latest News Today's Paper RBI Policy General News General Videos General Photo Gallery Events Authors About us About Us Code of Conduct Terms & Conditions Cookie Policy Disclaimer Investor Communication Support & Contact Partner with Us Careers Advertise with Us Contact Us Feedback Browser Support Sitemap Subscribe E-Paper BS Magazines Portfolio Tracker BS Products Smart Investor BS Hindi BS Motoring BS Books B2B Connect iPhone iPad android wap BS Fund Cafe 2016 Budget Insight Out Budget 2017 Budget 2017 Budget News Budget Connect with BS Facebook Google+ Linkedin Twitter Youtube RSS Upgrade To Premium Services Welcome User Business Standard is happy to inform you of the launch of "Business Standard Premium Services" As a premium subscriber you get an across device unfettered access to a range of services which include: Access Exclusive content - articles, features & opinion pieces Weekly Industry/Genre specific newsletters - Choose multiple industries/genres Access to 17 plus years of content archives Set Stock price alerts for your portfolio and watch list and get them delivered to your e-mail box End of day news alerts on 5 companies (via email) NEW: Get seamless access to WSJ.com at a great price. No additional sign-up required.   Premium Services In Partnership with   Dear Guest,   Welcome to the premium services of Business Standard brought to you courtesy FIS. Kindly visit the Manage my subscription page to discover the benefits of this programme. Enjoy Reading! Team Business Standard  
SUBSCRIBE LOG IN LOG OUT REGISTER MY PROFILE Obituaries Events Jobs Real Estate Cars Classified PG Store February 11, 2017 5:09 AM 7-day Forecast Post-Gazette.com Archives Home News Local Sports Opinion A & E Life Business Advertisement Wall St. hits record high on Trump tax talk; Credit ratings firm says Trump risking economy February 10, 2017 10:43 AM Brendan McDermid/Reuters Traders work on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange on Tuesday. By Yashaswini Swamynathan / Reuters The latest news on the Trump administration: 10:15 a.m. Fitch Ratings says President Donald Trump “represents a risk to international economic conditions,” noting that his “aggressive tone” and willingness to float “unanticipated changes” to U.S. policies could harm worldwide growth and make it more expensive for governments to borrow. Judging by its opening weeks, the Trump administration could potentially disrupt foreign trade, reduce the flow of capital, limit migration and provoke “confrontational exchanges” that could destabilize volatile financial markets, the credit ratings firm said in a Friday statement. Fitch noted that other promised policies in a Trump administration such as tax cuts, fewer regulations and more infrastructure spending could boost U.S. growth. But its note stressed the possibility of Trump disrupting foreign economies as he seeks to renegotiate trade deals.     U.S. stocks hit record highs shortly after the open on Friday, a day after President Donald Trump said he would release a major tax reform plan in the coming weeks. Trump's promise of a "phenomenal" tax plan helped reignite a post-election rally, which had stalled in recent weeks on concerns over his protectionist stand and the lack of clarity on his policies. The biggest theme for investors is that Trump's tax plan will move quickly and he has always maintained that it is going to be very aggressive, said Uriel Cohen, founder of Alpine Global in New York. "No one wants to miss a large pop when that news does come out." Jeb Hensarling, the Republican chairman of a key House of Representatives committee, laid out his plan to roll back Wall Street and consumer protection rules, which were put in place after the 2008 financial crisis, according to a staff memo seen by Reuters on Thursday. Banks, including Morgan Stanley, Bank of America and JPMorgan, were slightly higher. The S&P 500 financial index .SPSY rose 0.31 percent, giving the broader index its biggest boost. Goldman Sachs rose 0.78 percent and was the top stock on the Dow. The dollar index .DXY was up 0.3 percent to a three-week high of 101.01. Gold was down 0.3 percent. Oil prices rose 1.5 percent after news that OPEC members' initial compliance with last year's production cut deal reached a record high.  At 9:38 a.m. ET the Dow Jones Industrial Average .DJI was up 55.34 points, or 0.27 percent, at 20,227.74. The S&P 500 .SPX was up 4.65 points, or 0.20 percent, at 2,312.52 and the Nasdaq Composite .IXIC was up 10.07 points, or 0.18 percent, at 5,725.25. Eight of the 11 major S&P 500 sectors were higher, with energy's .SPNY 1 percent rise leading the gainers. Activision Blizzard surged 13.7 percent and gave the biggest boost to the S&P 500. The videogame maker reported better-than-expected quarterly revenue and a $1 billion share buyback program. Sears Holding jumped 31 percent to $7.27 after the struggling retailer said it would cut debt and pension obligations by at least $1.5 billion this year. Mead Johnson was up 4.7 percent after Reckitt Benckiser finalised a $16.6 billion deal to buy the infant formula maker. Skechers USA was up 17.8 percent after its fourth-quarter revenue beat expectations. Advancing issues outnumbered decliners on the NYSE by 1,770 to 837. On the Nasdaq, 1,396 issues rose and 859 fell. The S&P 500 index showed 25 new 52-week highs and no new lows, while the Nasdaq recorded 75 new highs and nine new lows. Sign up for free newsletters and get more of the Post-Gazette delivered to your inbox Most Read Most Emailed Advertisement Most Commented Your e-mail: Your Name: Friends e-mail: Friends Name: Message: Captcha Submit Advertisement Create a free PG account. Register - FREE Already have an account? Login Subscribe to the PG Subscribe Customize your free Newsletter Preferences Email Preferences Advertisement Advertisement Pittsburgh Post-Gazette HOME NEWS LOCAL SPORTS OPINION A & E LIFE BUSINESS VIDEO PHOTO CLASSIFIEDS JOBS CIRCULARS CARS REAL ESTATE PG STORE WEDDINGS Site Map Media Kit About Us RSS Feeds Technical Help? Terms of Use Privacy Policy PG Sites: Sports Blogs PowerSource Staff Blogs Community Voices Early Returns Sportstown Pittsburgh Mom The Digs Special Projects Plate Pets Social Media: Twitter:   News   Customer Care Facebook Pinterest Google+ Help: Subscriber services Online support center Products and services Today’s PGe Contact Us Subscribe: Home Delivery Digital Subscriptions Email Newsletters Copyright © 1997—2017 PG Publishing Co., Inc. All Rights Reserved.
WSJ WSJ LIVE WSJ Live on Facebook WSJ Live on Twitter MARKETWATCH MarketWatch on Facebook MarketWatch on Twitter BARRON'S <h4>Barrons on Facebook</h4><div style="border: none; padding: 2px 3px;" class="fb-like" data-href="http://www.facebook.com/barronsonline" data-send="false" data-layout="button_count" data-width="250" data-show-faces="false" data-action="recommend"></div> <h4>Barrons on Twitter</h4><a href="https://twitter.com/barronsonline" class="twitter-follow-button" data-show-count="true">Follow @barronsonline</a> DJX Product X on Facebook Product X on Twitter RT F R&C PE&VC WSJ B MORE Mansion Global WSJ Secure BigCharts Financial News Professor Journal Realtor.com Student Journal Virtual Stock Exchange WSJ Classifieds WSJ Classrooms WSJ Wine Search Asia Edition U.S. Edition   Subscribe Log In Home Magazine This Week's Edition Past Editions New: Cartoons Daily All Coverage Barron's Take Weekday Trader Up & Down Wall St. Daily Getting Technical Striking Price Daily Wall Street's Best Minds Read This, Spike That Stocks to Watch Today Asia Stocks to Watch Income Investing Tech Trader Daily Focus on Funds Emerging Markets Q&A Video Center Investing Ideas Overview Barron's Picks & Pans Mutual Funds / ETFs Hedge Funds Stocks Center Commodities Center Bonds Center Options Center Barron's Take Weekday Trader Stock Alert Inside Scoop Ahead of the Crowd Focus on Funds Stocks to Watch Today Barron's Roundtable Advisor Center Overview Top 100 Advisors Top 100 Women Advisors Top 100 Independent Advisors Top 1,200 Advisors Advisor Profiles Market Data Market Data Center Market Lab Economic Calendar Watchlist Stock Grader Stock & Fund Tables Barron's 400 PENTA Penta Magazine Penta Daily Penta Archives Barron's NEXT Ahead of the Crowd 12 Stocks to Benefit Most From the House Tax Plan Big corporate tax changes proposed by the House of Representatives would significantly help these firms. By Jack Hough Biography Feb. 10, 2017 5:54 a.m. ET Regeneron Pharmaceuticals stock (ticker: REGN) is down 4% since Election Day. Yet it popped up in a recent screen for companies poised to benefit from sweeping corporate tax changes proposed by the U.S. House of Representatives. (And Regeneron shares popped Thursday.) On the other hand, Deere (DE) is up 22% over that stretch, yet it screens as a company that could get pinched by the new tax plan. It’s early to speculate on precisely how corporate taxes will change. But Donald Trump is reportedly warming to a House plan... Get The Full Story Subscribe   or   Log In Want to participate in the discussion? Already a subscriber? Log in for complete access. Powered by Livefyre Most Popular 1. What’s Apple to Do with $246 Billion in Cash? Subscriber Content Read Preview 2. 12 Stocks to Benefit Most From the House Tax Plan Subscriber Content Read Preview 3. Why You Want to Own Tesla Now Subscriber Content Read Preview 4. The One Thing You Have that Warren Buffett Doesn’t Subscriber Content Read Preview 5. Forget India, the New Big Thing Is Right Next Door Subscriber Content Read Preview See Full List Latest Market Videos 1 Barron's Buzz: The Best Fund Families of 2016 2 Is Under Armour Asking for a Backlash? 3 Twitter Posts 10th Straight Quarter of Lower Revenue Barron's Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn YouTube RSS Feed AppStore Google Play Return to Top« Customer Service Customer Center Contact Us Live Help Refer Your Friends to Barron's and Get Rewarded. Learn More Create an Account Subscribe to Barron's Magazine Subscribers: Activate Your Digital Access About Barrons.com Advertising Masthead Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Data Policy Copyright Policy Subscriber Agreement & Terms of Use Your Ad Choices Community Guidelines Also From Barron's Conferences Reprints Classifieds College Program Find a Broker Barron's in Japanese Tools & Services Mobile Site Email Newsletters Barron's on iPad/iPhone Barron's on Android Watchlist Video Annual Reports StockGrader Barron's 400 Economic Calendar Stock & Mutual Fund Listings Commodities, Options & Annuities Listings Fund Prospectuses ACAP Enabled Copyright ©2017 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
Photos Videos Topics Live BAN 275/6 (88.3) - IND 687/6 (166) Live SL 296/8 (50) - SA 384/6 (50) Home India Mumbai Delhi World Business Technology Sports Entertainment Lifestyle Education & Careers TRENDING# Rahul Gandhi Sasikala Assembly Elections 2017 UP Elections 2017 Raees Home Sci/Tech US STOCKS-Wall St hits record high on Trump tax talk Shares2 Fri, 10 Feb 2017-08:35pm , Reuters U.S. stocks hit record highs shortly after the open on Friday, a day after President Donald Trump said he would release a major tax reform plan in the coming weeks. Trump's promise of a "phenomenal" tax plan helped reignite a post-election rally, which had stalled in recent weeks on concerns over his protectionist stand and the lack of clarity on his policies. The biggest theme for investors is that Trump's tax plan will move quickly and he has always maintained that it is going to be very aggressive, said Uriel Cohen, founder of Alpine Global in New York. "No one wants to miss a large pop when that news does come out." Jeb Hensarling, the Republican chairman of a key House of Representatives committee, laid out his plan to roll back Wall Street and consumer protection rules, which were put in place after the 2008 financial crisis, according to a staff memo seen by Reuters on Thursday. Banks, including Morgan Stanley, Bank of America and JPMorgan, were slightly higher. The S&P 500 financial index rose 0.31 percent, giving the broader index its biggest boost. Goldman Sachs rose 0.78 percent and was the top stock on the Dow. The dollar index was up 0.3 percent to a three-week high of 101.01. Gold was down 0.3 percent. Oil prices rose 1.5 percent after news that OPEC members' initial compliance with last year's production cut deal reached a record high. At 9:38 a.m. ET (1438 GMT) the Dow Jones Industrial Average was up 55.34 points, or 0.27 percent, at 20,227.74. The S&P 500 was up 4.65 points, or 0.20 percent, at 2,312.52 and the Nasdaq Composite was up 10.07 points, or 0.18 percent, at 5,725.25. Eight of the 11 major S&P 500 sectors were higher, with energy's 1 percent rise leading the gainers. Activision Blizzard surged 13.7 percent and gave the biggest boost to the S&P 500. The videogame maker reported better-than-expected quarterly revenue and a $1 billion share buyback program. Sears Holding jumped 31 percent to $7.27 after the struggling retailer said it would cut debt and pension obligations by at least $1.5 billion this year. Mead Johnson was up 4.7 percent after Reckitt Benckiser finalised a $16.6 billion deal to buy the infant formula maker. Skechers USA was up 17.8 percent after its fourth-quarter revenue beat expectations. Advancing issues outnumbered decliners on the NYSE by 1,770 to 837. On the Nasdaq, 1,396 issues rose and 859 fell. The S&P 500 index showed 25 new 52-week highs and no new lows, while the Nasdaq recorded 75 new highs and nine new lows. (This article has not been edited by DNA's editorial team and is auto-generated from an agency feed.) TOP TOP   Comments   Also Read Sci/Tech 3 excellent mobile games to calm your mind Sci/Tech Heard the term Blockchain? Before it changes your life, here's what you need to know Sci/Tech Shawna Pandya clears the air on rumours of space travel Sci/Tech WhatsApp steps up user security, begins rolling out two-step verification Sci/Tech Latest Windows 10 build teases new features, design tweaks Sci/Tech Watch: New Sony sensor offers super slow motion for smartphones Next Article > Uttarakhand Elections 2017: Remove govt which sullied Devbhoomi's image, says PM Modi Live Cricket Score Live BAN 275/6 (88.3) BAN trail by 412 runs IND 687/6 (166) Full Scorecard | Commentary Live SL 296/8 (50) SA beat SL by 88 runs SA 384/6 (50) Full Scorecard | Commentary Next node Uttarakhand Elections 2017: Remove govt which sullied Devbhoomi's image, says PM Modi Related Periscope app shows solidarity, displaying message against Muslim Ban New moth species named after Donald Trump Pokemon Go and Donald Trump top Google trend list in 2016 Video WATCH: Priyanka Chopra says "Bollywood has been reduced to a Zumba class" Watch: This video urges you to stop asking women to cover up Shocking: Man climbs fence to avoid paying zoo ticket, gets mauled to death by tiger View all Tags Donald Trump Activision Blizzard Goldman Sachs House of Representatives Jeb Hensarling Mead Johnson Morgan Stanley New York Opec Reckitt Benckiser Reuters S&P Dow Jones Industrial Average Morgan Stanley NYSE Nasdaq Composite Skechers USA U. S. Wall Street SITE INDEX About DNA Contact us Advertise Reprint Rights News India wants Pak to take action against terrorists: Bambawale 3 killed after inhaling 'toxic gases' on board barge BJP reaches out to small groups within North Indian community HC grants interim relief to Sharma in Kabbadi league case UP Elections 2017 | Akhilesh govt playing with aspirations of youth for political gains: PM Modi Sport #INDvBAN | Watch: Mushfiqur Rahim survives run out appeal, commentators stunned by third umpire's decision Paired together Lahiri, Shubhankar have outside chance Swing coach Leadbetter runs rule over golfers Trump and Abe Golf-Swing coach Leadbetter runs rule over golfers Trump and Abe "The timing could not have been better. A lot of quality Entertainment The Kapil Sharma Show: Rishi Kapoor REVEALS he'll enact episodes from his book 'Khullam Khulla' on stage 'Kaabil' director Sanjay Gupta begins work on his next! Varun mum on Govinda's remarks on father David Dhawan WATCH: Robert Downey Jr, Chris Pratt & Tom Holland on day 1 of 'Avengers: Infinity War' shoot Akshay Kumar's 'Crack' SHELVED or not? Director Neeraj Pandey BREAKS SILENCE on his delayed film Money Govt removes duty anomalies to boost medical devices mfg: Min Sebi says remedial actions underway in NSE co-location case Oils and Oilseeds: Edible, non-edibles weakens further Bullion: Both the precious metals, gold and silver Gold prices recover by Rs 225, silver tops Rs 43,000 Partner site: Zee News ©2017 Diligent Media Corporation Ltd.
× We hope you have enjoyed your complimentary access for the month. Already a subscriber? Click on the button below to set up your account or log in if you already have one. Want to become a subscriber? Purchase a digital-only subscription now for unlimited online access to local news and information. Digital-only Access Unlimited Access to: nwitimes.com mobile web and mobile apps e-replica edition of printed newspaper Digital-only access only $10.00/mo Current Subscriber? Set up your account Log In Current Subscriber? Set up Account You are the owner of this article. Edit Article Add New Article Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout Subscribe Customer Service Calendar Home News Latest Updates Lake County News Porter County News LaPorte County News State and Regional News South Suburban News National News World News Government and Politics Crime News History E-Edition Sports NWI Preps Columnists Business Northwest Indiana Business Headlines Jobs and Employment Transportation News Healthcare News Business Columnists Opinion Letters to the Editor NWI.com Blogs Editorials Forum Columnists Entertainment Comics Games Horoscopes Northwest Indiana Calendar People Lifestyles Inspired Living Health & Fitness Food and Cooking Home and Garden Celebrations Photos Buy Photos Obituaries Area Deaths/Tributes Cars Jobs Homes For Sale Ads Rental Ads Rental Showcase Classifieds Buy Local Deals Coupons Newspaper Ads Buy Photos Business Directory Weekly Ads Contact Us Customer Service Toggle navigation Menu Search Search Log In Using Your Account Log In Don't have an account? Sign Up Today My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout 36° Munster, IN (46321) Today Considerable cloudiness. High near 50F. Winds E at 5 to 10 mph.. Tonight Cloudy. Slight chance of a shower throughout the evening. Low 32F. Winds N at 5 to 10 mph. Updated: February 11, 2017 @ 3:35 am Full Forecast News Sports Business Photos Obits Classifieds Close Provided Paul Certo contributed editor's pick urgent GUEST COMMENTARY: No Honor Roll for prez Peter Certo 19 hrs ago Provided Paul Certo Confession: Many moons ago, I actually thought there was a little bit to like about Donald Trump. During the primaries, he proved GOP voters could care less about the party’s usual pro-business bromides. He smeared free-trade agreements as bad for workers, lamented that Wall Street traders were “getting away with murder” on their taxes and won doing it. Then, during the general election, he ridiculed both parties’ support for military misadventures like the Iraq War. And he asked oddly reasonable questions about whether preserving NATO was worth going to war with nuclear-armed Russia over, say, Estonia. Granted, there was more not to like — his flirtations with white nationalists, his casual sexism, his nonstop lying. But I did sometimes wonder: Is there any silver lining to all this? The early days of the Trump administration suggest emphatically: No. Let’s break it down, report-card style. Trade: B- During his inaugural address, Trump promised “every decision” he’d make would be “to benefit American workers and American families.” To that end, he quickly pulled the United States out of the Trans-Pacific Partnership trade pact and ordered a “renegotiation” of NAFTA, which many people blame for hurting blue-collar U.S. workers. Interestingly, Trump also used his Twitter pulpit to bully companies into keeping jobs in the United States, though this was more sideshow than substance. Economy: D- If all that was the good news, here’s the bad: Trump immediately issued orders to raise mortgage fees for working families and to rollback regulations designed to prevent another Wall Street crash. “We expect to be cutting a lot” of those regulations, Trump told a business roundtable, because — no joke — banker “friends of mine” can’t get the loans they need. He added there was “nobody better” to get advice from on the subject than JPMorgan CEO Jamie Dimon. (That’s the same JPMorgan that got fined $13 billion for helping cause the crash.) Security: D- During his campaign, Trump said he had a secret, “foolproof” plan to defeat ISIS. His “100 Days” agenda revealed what that was: Tell the Pentagon to come up with a plan to beat ISIS. Maybe he figured they hadn’t thought about it? He then issued his infamous “Muslim ban,” which banned immigration from seven Muslim countries and cruelly suspended refugee resettlement from everywhere. No refugees from any of those banned countries have ever committed terrorism in the United States. But banned countries like Iraq — a partner in fighting ISIS — are now threatening to ban Americans, which may complicate Trump’s plans to “bomb the hell” out of the group. Get news headlines sent daily to your inbox Sign Up! I understand and agree that registration on or use of this site consitutes agreement to its user agreement and privacy policy. While Trump rightly questioned going to war with Russia over Eastern Europe, his newest National Security Council member — political adviser (and white nationalist) Steve Bannon — says “there’s no doubt” we’ll go to war with China over some disputed rocks in the ocean. Feel safer? Climate: F Virtually all climate scientists say the planet is warming. Some even add that much of America’s eastern seaboard — including, say, Trump Tower — could be uninhabitable within the lifetime of kids born today. To combat this challenge, which Trump famously called a “Chinese hoax,” he nominated an EPA head who’s spent more time suing the agency than supporting it and installed an oil CEO as his secretary of state. Making America Great: Incomplete Trump is now the fastest president to ever reach majority disapproval, so he’s probably not seen the last of his bad report cards. If there’s a silver lining, it’s that Americans will figure out they can make America great again by resisting his agenda. Peter Certo is the editorial manager of the Institute for Policy Studies. He wrote this for InsideSources.com. The opinions are the writer's. Tags Donald Trump Paul Certo Grading Trump President Thank you! You've reported this item as a violation of our terms of use. Error! There was a problem with reporting this article. This content was contributed by a user of the site. If you believe this content may be in violation of the terms of use, you may report it. Report Abuse Log In to report Currents Music A look at every best album winner since the Grammys began Health and Medicine Which Carl's Jr. and Hardee's foods have the most calories? Home and Garden Nine creative ways to use a blowtorch Green gets rare triple-double as Warriors beat Grizzlies Mariners constantly in motion with Jerry Dipoto in charge USC women upset No. 9 Oregon State, 70-50 Adam Rosales is mentor for Hawaiian high school shortstop Find local businesses View local offers Local Businesses NorthShore Health Center Other locations in Portage, Lake Station, Merrillville & Hammond 3564 Scottsdale Street, Portage, IN 46368 Hodson Coin Munster 1650 45th Ave, Munster, IN 46321 The Times Media Company 601 W. 45th Avenue, Munster, IN 46321 Four Seasons Chimney Sweeps Serving NW Indiana, Hobart, IN 46342 Business Directory Latest Local Offers Good Guys Collision Good Guys Collision Center can repair or replace your vehicle glass on-site Updated Feb 9, 2017 Theodoros & Rooth, P.C. Theodoros & Rooth, P.C. Offers Medical Malpractice Services Updated Feb 9, 2017 B&E Recreation B&E Recreation is now offering Fast, Friendly, Credit Union Financing! Updated Feb 9, 2017 Snow & Ice Pros Inc. 10 REASONS YOU NEED SNOW & ICE PROS THIS WINTER FOR YOUR BUSINESS IN NWI Updated Feb 9, 2017 E-edition Inspired Living Get Healthy Your Family Featured Sections Best of the Region Buy Local Deals Regional Crime Report CrimeTimes Northwest Indiana Calendar Online Features Contact The Times About Us Subscribe Manage Your Subscription Send a News Tip Newspapers In Education Donation Request Work At The Times RSS Feeds E-newsletter Sign-Up © Copyright 2017 NWI Times, 601 W. 45th Ave. Munster, IN | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy Powered by BLOX Content Management System from TownNews.com.
X Edition: United States Business Business Home Legal Deals Aerospace & Defense Finance Autos Reuters Summits ADventures Data Dive Markets Markets Home U.S. Markets European Markets Asian Markets Global Market Data Indices Stocks Bonds Currencies Commodities Futures Funds Earnings Dividends World World Home U.S. Special Reports Reuters Investigates Euro Zone Middle East China Japan Mexico Brazil Africa Russia India Politics Politics Home Polling Explorer Live: Trump's First 100 Days What Voters Want Supreme Court Tech Technology Home Science Top 100 Global Innovators Media Environment Innovation Commentary Commentary Home Podcasts Breakingviews Breakingviews Home Breakingviews Video Money Money Home Retirement Lipper Awards Analyst Research Stock Screener Fund Screener Life Health Sports Arts Entertainment Oddly Enough Pictures Pictures Home The Wider Image Photographers Focus 360 Video US STOCKS-Wall St hits record high on Trump tax talk Africa América Latina عربي Argentina Brasil Canada 中国 Deutschland España France India Italia 日本 México РОССИЯ United Kingdom United States Market News | Fri Feb 10, 2017 | 9:58am EST US STOCKS-Wall St hits record high on Trump tax talk * Dollar at three-week high; gold slips * Oil prices up as producers stick to supply cut deal * Activision top stock on S&P after earnings, buyback * Indexes up: Dow 0.27 pct, S&P 0.20 pct, Nasdaq 0.18 pct (Updates to open) By Yashaswini Swamynathan Feb 10 U.S. stocks hit record highs shortly after the open on Friday, a day after President Donald Trump said he would release a major tax reform plan in the coming weeks. Trump's promise of a "phenomenal" tax plan helped reignite a post-election rally, which had stalled in recent weeks on concerns over his protectionist stand and the lack of clarity on his policies. The biggest theme for investors is that Trump's tax plan will move quickly and he has always maintained that it is going to be very aggressive, said Uriel Cohen, founder of Alpine Global in New York. "No one wants to miss a large pop when that news does come out." Jeb Hensarling, the Republican chairman of a key House of Representatives committee, laid out his plan to roll back Wall Street and consumer protection rules, which were put in place after the 2008 financial crisis, according to a staff memo seen by Reuters on Thursday. Banks, including Morgan Stanley, Bank of America and JPMorgan, were slightly higher. The S&P 500 financial index rose 0.31 percent, giving the broader index its biggest boost. Goldman Sachs rose 0.78 percent and was the top stock on the Dow. The dollar index was up 0.3 percent to a three-week high of 101.01. Gold was down 0.3 percent. Oil prices rose 1.5 percent after news that OPEC members' initial compliance with last year's production cut deal reached a record high. At 9:38 a.m. ET (1438 GMT) the Dow Jones Industrial Average was up 55.34 points, or 0.27 percent, at 20,227.74. The S&P 500 was up 4.65 points, or 0.20 percent, at 2,312.52 and the Nasdaq Composite was up 10.07 points, or 0.18 percent, at 5,725.25. Eight of the 11 major S&P 500 sectors were higher, with energy's 1 percent rise leading the gainers. Activision Blizzard surged 13.7 percent and gave the biggest boost to the S&P 500. The videogame maker reported better-than-expected quarterly revenue and a $1 billion share buyback program. Sears Holding jumped 31 percent to $7.27 after the struggling retailer said it would cut debt and pension obligations by at least $1.5 billion this year. Mead Johnson was up 4.7 percent after Reckitt Benckiser finalised a $16.6 billion deal to buy the infant formula maker. Skechers USA was up 17.8 percent after its fourth-quarter revenue beat expectations. Advancing issues outnumbered decliners on the NYSE by 1,770 to 837. On the Nasdaq, 1,396 issues rose and 859 fell. The S&P 500 index showed 25 new 52-week highs and no new lows, while the Nasdaq recorded 75 new highs and nine new lows. (Reporting by Yashaswini Swamynathan in Bengaluru; Editing by Anil D'Silva) Next In Market News China gets an early win off Trump, but many battles remain BEIJING, Feb 11 Combining public bluster with behind-the-scenes diplomacy, China wrested a concession from the United States as the two presidents spoke for the first time this week, but Beijing may not be able to derive much comfort from the win on U.S. policy toward Taiwan. UPDATE 1-Snow, avalanches, rain delay grain movement to U.S. ports * Graphic on cargoes http://reut.rs/2lAFOF1 (Updates to add graphic) UPDATE 4-UAW says it will greet Tesla workers with 'open arms' SAN FRANCISCO/DETROIT Feb 10 The United Automobile Workers union on Friday said it had been approached by workers at Tesla Inc's Fremont, California, assembly plant, rejecting a charge by the chief executive of the luxury electric car maker that a worker who publicly criticized the company was on the UAW payroll. MORE FROM REUTERS Sponsored Content From Around the WebPromoted by Revcontent Trending Stories Pictures Photos of the week Sponsored Topics X Follow Reuters: Follow Us On Twitter Follow Us On Facebook Follow Us On RSS Follow Us On Instagram Follow Us On YouTube Follow Us On LinkedIn Subscribe: Feeds | Newsletters | Podcasts | Apps Reuters News Agency | Brand Attribution Guidelines | Careers Reuters is the news and media division of Thomson Reuters. Thomson Reuters is the world's largest international multimedia news agency, providing investing news, world news, business news, technology news, headline news, small business news, news alerts, personal finance, stock market, and mutual funds information available on Reuters.com, video, mobile, and interactive television platforms. Learn more about Thomson Reuters products: Eikon Information, analytics and exclusive news on financial markets - delivered in an intuitive desktop and mobile interface Elektron Everything you need to empower your workflow and enhance your enterprise data management World-Check Screen for heightened risk individual and entities globally to help uncover hidden risks in business relationships and human networks Westlaw Build the strongest argument relying on authoritative content, attorney-editor expertise, and industry defining technology ONESOURCE The most comprehensive solution to manage all your complex and ever-expanding tax and compliance needs CHECKPOINT The industry leader for online information for tax, accounting and finance professionals All quotes delayed a minimum of 15 minutes. See here for a complete list of exchanges and delays. Site Feedback Corrections Advertising Guidelines Cookies Terms of Use Privacy Policy
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad US STOCKS-Wall St hits record high on Trump tax talk By Reuters Published: 10:03 EST, 10 February 2017 | Updated: 10:04 EST, 10 February 2017 e-mail By Yashaswini Swamynathan Feb 10 (Reuters) - U.S. stocks hit record highs shortly after the open on Friday, a day after President Donald Trump said he would release a major tax reform plan in the coming weeks. Trump's promise of a "phenomenal" tax plan helped reignite a post-election rally, which had stalled in recent weeks on concerns over his protectionist stand and the lack of clarity on his policies. The biggest theme for investors is that Trump's tax plan will move quickly and he has always maintained that it is going to be very aggressive, said Uriel Cohen, founder of Alpine Global in New York. "No one wants to miss a large pop when that news does come out." Jeb Hensarling, the Republican chairman of a key House of Representatives committee, laid out his plan to roll back Wall Street and consumer protection rules, which were put in place after the 2008 financial crisis, according to a staff memo seen by Reuters on Thursday. Banks, including Morgan Stanley, Bank of America and JPMorgan, were slightly higher. The S&P 500 financial index rose 0.31 percent, giving the broader index its biggest boost. Goldman Sachs rose 0.78 percent and was the top stock on the Dow. The dollar index was up 0.3 percent to a three-week high of 101.01. Gold was down 0.3 percent. Oil prices rose 1.5 percent after news that OPEC members' initial compliance with last year's production cut deal reached a record high. At 9:38 a.m. ET (1438 GMT) the Dow Jones Industrial Average was up 55.34 points, or 0.27 percent, at 20,227.74. The S&P 500 was up 4.65 points, or 0.20 percent, at 2,312.52 and the Nasdaq Composite was up 10.07 points, or 0.18 percent, at 5,725.25. Eight of the 11 major S&P 500 sectors were higher, with energy's 1 percent rise leading the gainers. Activision Blizzard surged 13.7 percent and gave the biggest boost to the S&P 500. The videogame maker reported better-than-expected quarterly revenue and a $1 billion share buyback program. Sears Holding jumped 31 percent to $7.27 after the struggling retailer said it would cut debt and pension obligations by at least $1.5 billion this year. Mead Johnson was up 4.7 percent after Reckitt Benckiser finalised a $16.6 billion deal to buy the infant formula maker. Skechers USA was up 17.8 percent after its fourth-quarter revenue beat expectations. Advancing issues outnumbered decliners on the NYSE by 1,770 to 837. On the Nasdaq, 1,396 issues rose and 859 fell. The S&P 500 index showed 25 new 52-week highs and no new lows, while the Nasdaq recorded 75 new highs and nine new lows. (Reporting by Yashaswini Swamynathan in Bengaluru; Editing by Anil D'Silva) Share or comment on this article e-mail Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS That's cheeky! Calvin Klein plays This is Not America and Mexican immigrant designer sends 'f*** your wall' underwear down the runway as New York Fashion Week gets political All that glitters! Kylie Jenner flashes her midriff and legs in fringed gold crop top and matching skirt for Jeremy Scott's NYFW show LBD with a twist! Emily Ratajkowski slips on velvet dress for Jason Wu's 10th Anniversary Midnight Supper during NYFW EXCLUSIVE PICTURES: Robin Thicke has emotional reunion with son Julian under watchful eye of social worker as ex Paula Patton reluctantly hands him over in park 'Late night sesh!' Make-up free Michelle Keegan flaunts gym-honed figure in black leggings and a vest as she enjoys Friday night workout Food to get you in the mood! Sexy dishes and drinks for Valentine's Day (and why they work)  SPONSORED Aphrodisiacs You can't strut with us! Kendall Jenner, Bella Hadid and Hailey Baldwin make for a formidable fashion pack as they parade their way into the Fendi party 'He's gone. He's blue': Fadi Fawaz's frantic 999 call reveals that lover had 'been trying to wake George Michael for an hour' after finding him unconscious EXCLUSIVE: 'I was scared to come back because of my beliefs': Lindsay Lohan on returning to the US while studying Islam and why she wants to meet Trump Meow! Paris Hilton braves snow in quirky cat ear cap after walking the runway for New York Fashion Week Leather look Hailey Baldwin rocks rose colored glasses and leather for RtA FW 2017 presentation at New York Fashion Week Monochrome 'Grown and sexy': Shanina Shaik flashes MAJOR side boob in slinky black frock before celebrating 26th birthday with an adorable cake of her much-younger self  'So excited to shoot with women of all sizes!' Ashley Graham flaunts her cleavage in sizzling salsa-themed ad for her swimsuit line Daddy's biggest fan! Behati Prinsloo takes baby Dusty Rose to support Adam Levine as he is honored with star on Hollywood Walk of Fame Did I want Bowie's children? Never! A year after his death, Lulu tells of her affair with the rock legend, her troubled childhood - and the car crash that nearly killed her Look away Rob! Blac Chyna spotted without her engagement ring as she enjoys lunch date with a mystery man Kourtney Kardashian shows off her pins in black leggings as she chats on the phone while running errands In LA's upscale Sherman Oaks neighbourhood  Big city pretty! Snooki, JWoww and Christina Milian get dolled up at NYFW celebrity beauty bar The pretty celebs were on top forms She even stuns in sweats! Selena Gomez opts for comfort in cozy top and bell bottoms as she steps out in LA Relaxed 'You want to introduce some fear!' Tim McGraw reveals he scares his and Faith Hill's daughters' dates with a sledgehammer  'How pretty is this is?': Eva Longoria shares romantic Valentine's Day balloon display she made for husband Jose Bastón 'You're literally 99 per cent plastic now!': Fans SLAM Holly Hagan as she unveils new 'filled out' chin in proud before and after snap Nice puppies! Lena Dunham dons bold striped frock as she makes Tonight Show appearance with two cute furry guests Can't rain on her parade! Kelly Rowland braves LA downpour to celebrate birthday in showstopping beaded ensemble Birthday weekend 'His and hers': Bec Judd flaunts slim frame in activewear with husband Chris Judd in loved-up snap... six weeks after the pair celebrated their sixth wedding anniversary New York minute! Romee Strijd steps out in super short skirt showing off long legs during chilly NYFW Taking fashion week in her stride Mischa Barton steps out for a rainy day drive in her convertible...one day after 'drinking and smoking until 3 am' at West Hollywood bar 'She's our guardian angel now': Katie Holmes puts on a brave face at Fashion Week as she reveals her grandmother passed away  Looking good! Model Elyse Taylor looks radiant as she reveals her beauty secrets include coffee and green juice for breakfast and 60 minutes of cardio FIVE times a week Forget something? Allison Williams wows in sparkly black blazer with no BRA at Get Out premiere in Los Angeles Not worried about over exposure Pregnant Ciara shows off baby bump in skintight mini dress and stilettos while out with Russell Wilson in West Hollywood All smiles Sealed with a kiss! Ariel Winter shares a cheeky peek with her gal pal after getting frisky with fires Locking lips Sitting pretty: Charlie XCX shines in pink polka dots at the Variety Portrait Studio event with Noah Cyrus and Kat Graham She was an American Girl! Kate Upton stuns in slinky silk ensemble at MusiCares event honouring Tom Petty 'I want someone who's going to throw me on the bed!': Ferne McCann insists men are put off by her fame... as she reveals she's 'so ready' to settle down and have a baby 'Congratulations to the family': Rita Ora only has 'positive energy' for ex Rob Kardashian after he welcomes a baby with Blac Chyna... despite infamous Twitter spat  Nicole Scherzinger puts on a busty display in cut-out blouse for night out at LA hotspot Catch Eye-popping display Busting out! Olivia Newton-John's daughter Chloe Lattanzi flaunts VERY ample cleavage in bizarre video announcement for new movie Second-gen stunner! Andy Garcia's daughter Alessandra Garcia Lorido is a rising talent in the plus-size modeling world A name to watch Daddy's little girl! Tom Hanks' grand-daughter's name revealed as the adorable tot steps out wearing an outfit picked out by father Chet  'Dressing her in gym gear is a cheap ratings stunt!': Corrie viewers SLAM 'nauseating' Rosie Webster as she exercises in a TINY pink sports bra 'He was on the bed, the gas fire next to him': EastEnders' June Brown admits she blamed herself for husband's suicide... as she celebrates 90th birthday and 32 years as Dot  Coffee and cigarettes: Fresh faced Frenchwoman Vanessa Paradis stops to smoke after enjoying lunch with friends Diane Kruger looks beautiful in blue as she joins Adriana Lima with a leggy display on front row at Jason Wu's New York Fashion Week show What would the Neighbours say? Makeup-free Olympia Valance poses NEAR-NAKED on board yacht with bikini-clad pals 'Babes!' Gwen Stefani gushes about beau Blake Shelton and pal Adam Levine as the Maroon 5 singer gets a star on the Hollywood Walk Of Fame A Lott of leg! Pixie shows off her toned pins in a ladylike LBD with bow detailing as she leads the glamour at Weinstein pre-BAFTA dinner Kim Kardashian works out with her sisters in LA while husband Kanye West prepares for fashion week in NYC Long distance  Courtney Stodden makes out with a mystery man as she confirms she has split from 56-year-old husband Doug Hutchison once again A vision in velvet! Jessie James Decker shows off her svelte figure in burgundy dress with thigh high boots for her Kittenish pop up shop Like a Greek Goddess! Australian Supermodel Nicole Trunfio dazzles the MusiCares red carpet in a unique silk white number She's got good jeans! Rachael Gouvignon flaunts slimmed-down figure in tight denim after posing NUDE in THAT beachside snap Move over Nicole Kidman! Meet Vimala Raman, 37, the girl who grew up in western Sydney watching Bollywood movies and is now one of India's most  successful actresses Actor abdication: The Crown creator admits he's 'thinking about recasting everybody' as the plot progresses... meaning Matt Smith and Claire Foy would no longer star in the show 'I want Sophie to stay single': Back in Corrie after a spell on the stage, Brooke Vincent says there's more to her lesbian character than her sexuality 'Strictly made me feel like a woman again': Singer Anastacia's double mastectomy saved her life, but left her with 'a road map' of scars 'Fashionable?' Wildlife warrior Bindi Irwin jokes about her latest 'fashion statement' days after touching tribute to her late father Steve Colour in Kate! Kensington Palace joins the crayon craze with a £5.99 book of the Duchess of Cambridge's outfits that is flying off the shelves  'The older that you get ... less is more!': Makeup enthusiast Kim Zolciak touts virtues of using fewer cosmetics Glam look Lauren Pope flaunts her incredible figure and sculpted abs in a bright yellow bikini as she soaks up the sun in Dubai Sultry beach style Victoria(na) chic! Jenna Coleman is the picture of elegance in thigh-skimming frock with pretty ruffle detailing at Weinstein pre-BAFTA party Bella Thorne wears lacy crop top to join mystery man on double-date bike ride with sister Dani Thorne and boyfriend in LA Someone new? Naughty but nice! LeAnn Rimes sizzles in a black dress with a plunging, laced up neckline for pre-Grammys event Cross her heart Babymoon time! Whitney Port and husband jet out on vacation after the Hills star announced pregnancy    'Something to sink his teeth into': Un-signed footballer Jamie O'Hara fills the void by taking a stab at modelling... following the demise of his CBB relationship with Bianca Gascoigne Lee slaps Whitney for telling him to man up, like his dad (Danny Dyer), capping off 'the week from hell' for the Carters in EastEnders, by JIM SHELLEY SEBASTIAN SHAKESPEARE: Gentlemen prefer blondes! Pixie Lott, her mother AND big sister meet a very animated Prince Charles  Lena Dunham bares midriff in crop top tracksuit after discussing her Trump diet again and how she 'drops weight with every move he makes' Soapwatch: Jaci Stephen's ultimate insight into the week's soaps  Bethany's drawn further into Nathan's lair. I suspect we'll see her being asked to get nude 'This gave me chills!': Emotional fans praise Michael Bublé's new video about 'everlasting love'... as he makes his musical comeback amid his son Noah's cancer battle Botox in her neck, an apple before every meal and lasers to wipe out knee wrinkles: How Christie Brinkley looks like this at 63 (and don't forget her daily washes with ACID soap)!  Prince Harry's ex Cressida Bonas cuts a demure figure in simple white dress as she cosies up to Olga Kurylenko at Harvey Weinstein's pre-BAFTA bash Trainspotting 2's Anjela Nedyalkova looks leggy in a nude semi-sheer minidress at the Berlinale International Film Festival... after getting naked with Ewan McGregor on set Youthful looking Nicole Kidman, 49, flashes a hint of skin in a quirky polka dot dress with a thigh-high split as she attends Lion premiere in Paris EXCLUSIVE: Beau Ryan's wife Kara shows off her blossoming baby bump in skintight activewear after announcing second pregnancy 'Before kids, eye bags and sleep theft': Fearne Cotton reminisces on girly getaway with Holly Willoughby as she posts throwback snap in honour of her birthday 'I thought about it and I was wrong!' D&G designer Stefano Gabbana backtracks after body-shaming Lady Gaga - and even praises her for being 'real'  Should Jamie Oliver be holding his baby so close to the cooker? Parenting expert's warning over photo of chef with his six-month-old son River Rocket Cooling off! Model Laura Csortan takes adorable three-month-old daughter Layla Rose for a swim during Sydney's heatwave Baby's day out! Chelsea Clinton and husband Marc take son Aidan on an afternoon trip to gourmet food emporium after a morning at a fashion show DENYING she'd run for senate 'It has really knocked him': Outnumbered's Tyger Drew-Honey left devastated after it's revealed his porn star dad Ben Dover has bladder cancer New York's her runway! Kendall Jenner parades much shorter haircut as she struts around town during fashion week Dramatic change The Boy from Oz! Actor Hugh Jackman reveals he STILL gets excited by snow despite years in the US as he braves New York snowstorm Snap in a blizzard Next generation! Sofia Richie shows off her modeling chops as she gets VERY close to Anwar Hadid in Tommy Hilfiger's sultry new denim campaign Well, it's not ALWAYS the happiest place on Earth! Drew Barrymore recalls her daughter Olive's spectacular tantrums at Disney World Bumping along nicely! Ciara protectively strokes her belly in clinging black dress on casual outing in Beverly Hills Pretty pregnant Looking tan-dy! Olivia Culpo and Madison Beer don color-coordinating outfits for Cushnie Et Ochs NYFW show Glimpse of decolletage thanks to a lack of a bra Kate Upton looks prim and proper in pearls and blouse at LAX following claims of 'diva' behavior over Sports Illustrated shoot Keeping it cute 'We're famous, Daddy!' Nick Cannon reveals his struggle to keep five-year-old twins with Mariah Carey grounded Battle to give children a normal childhood 'You're always playing the victim!' Kirk Norcross' ex Holli Willis launches into a tirade on Twitter about 'attention seeking' claims that she doesn't let him see their daughter Drop dead gorgeous! Pamella Roland shows glitzy beading, sheer accents, killer ladylike capes at stunning New York Fashion Week show That's not Selena Gomez! The Weeknd hits pre-Grammy party with a brunette former Miss USA who looks uncannily like his girlfriend Stephen Bear DROPPED from Celebs Go Dating agency and banned from show's launch party because of his 'relationship' with Charlotte Crosby Drew Barrymore's ex Will Kopelman takes daughters for stroll with female companion... after actress admits their divorce was her 'worst nightmare' Getting ready to roll! Irina Shayk reveals her baby bump in grey sweatshirt as she prepares for her little one's arrival with another driving lesson Family trip! Actress Charlize Theron heads through LAX with her children Jackson and August as well as her mother Black and white style It's all in the wrist! Celebrity hairstylist Justine Marjan details the secrets to how she achieves perfectly lived-in waves on clients like Khloe Kardashian Katy Perry on why she's 'given up' caring what people think about her quirky style Pop beauty admits she used to spend hours reading comments Postcard from paradise: Kim Kardashian shares personal photo album of her wet and wild waterfall adventure in Costa Rica  'We are truly blessed': Family rejoice as Jamie Lynn Spears' daughter Maddie, 8, LEAVES hospital six days after girl almost died after flipping ATV into a pond Coronation Street's Catherine Tyldesley displays her long legs and hourglass figure in leather skirt on date night with husband Tom Pitfield 'Your job is to get naked and say lines!' Debra Messing reveals how an award-winning director pressured her to go nude on set - after insisting she needed a nose job Made in Mayfair! Tiffany Watson flaunts her tanned and toned legs in form-fitting white frock as she enjoys glamorous night out in London TOWIE's Kate Wright refuses to namedrop 'new footballer boyfriend Rio Ferdinand in upcoming series as it has nothing to do with the show' Trailer for 'racist' Netflix series Dear White People 'gets a million dislikes in just ONE day' - and sparks customer revolt  Controversial Keanu Reeves looks dapper in a navy suit as he attends the gala screening of his latest flick John Wick in London Killing it  Trainspotting 2's Anjela Nedyalkova looks leggy in skintight black dress at Berlinale International Film Festival... after getting naked with Ewan McGregor in steamy scenes Oh so chic! Olivia Culpo and Nicky Hilton turn heads in black at white at LANYU Couture runway show The biggest names in fashion turn out 'Um, photoshop gone wrong': Fans accuse Charlotte Crosby of heavily doctoring her Insta post as she poses in lycra in front of 'very wonky skirting board'  'So proud' Jennifer Ellison parades her newly-svelte figure in tiny sports bra as she drops a whopping four dress sizes in just three months How the West Wing was won: Kellyanne Conway dresses in head-to-toe leather day after travel ban ruling (and drops $6k on her boots and purse alone) Cinema says it won't let men in to watch Fifty Shades Darker 'until we see if women can control themselves'  Too steamy for the ladies? Fifty Shades of Demure! Dakota Johnson cuts a casual figure in chic fur-trimmed overcoat as she jets out of London for her next movie premiere BEL MOONEY: My life's been ruined by my lover's tangle of lies Advice for a woman who moved to the Midlands to be with a man - only to learn he was having casual sex with others. What happened to Sarah? How Fergie's now calling herself Margaret York and trying to run a business empire from a hotel bar  Little Minxes! Jesy Nelson flaunts her incredible abs in a plunging sports bra... as Jade Thirlwall shows off her slender figure in a racy tour costume She's gone all Sporty Spice: Victoria Beckham wears head to toe Adidas in show of support to brand ambassador husband David following scandal Effortlessly chic! Model Jessica Hart flashes a hint of cleavage as she goes BRALESS in plunging black outfit at New York Fashion Week 'Sticky as hell!' Atomic Kitten pose for a busty photo as they get hot and sweaty on the Melbourne leg of their reunion tour... as Kerry Katona bounces back after her mystery illness Suddenly shy? Rita Ora wraps up in oversized shearling coat as she heads to Heathrow airport... after flashing underboob at Fifty Shades Darker premiere 'You need company': Grieving Debbie McGee hints that she's ready to find love again as she tries to 'keep busy' a year after husband Paul Daniels' death Baby's first Chanel: Rob Kardashian posts sweet snap of baby Dream wearing designer outfit as she turns three months old Alec Baldwin roasts Ivanka Trump during Tonight Show saying he bought his suit from her collection for '95 per cent off' amid Nordstrom fiasco Free the nipple! Raf Simons sends his models down the runway at New York Fashion Week in risque SEE-THROUGH sweaters as he debuts his first Calvin Klein collection Brielle Biermann enjoys a sweet early Valentine's Day celebration with boyfriend Michael Kopech and wins 'best girlfriend' award Revenge is best served HOT! Khloe Kardashian proudly models her ripped body in mirror selfie after officially dropping Odom from her name 'We connected really quickly:' Gigi Hadid reveals she tried struggled to play it cool after falling hard for Zayn when they first met Richard Gere, 67, and girlfriend Alejandra Silva, 33, pucker up on the red carpet as they put on a besotted display at the Berlin Film Festival Oh, what beautiful morning! Leighton Meester, Camilla Belle and Victoria Justice flock to Russian Tea Room for Kate Spade NYFW show Millie Bobby Brown joins the A-list front row fashion set at Calvin Klein after being named the new face of the designer brand at just 12 Seeking frills! Alexa Chung flaunts her long lean figure as she braves the cold in chic crochet dress to attend Calvin Klein show during New York Fashion Week Love you, baby! Maksim Chmerkovskiy kisses Peta Murgatroyd at fashion show as they take a night off parent duty one month after birth of son  While Kate Spade unveils a Paris-inspired 2017 collection with the help of Victoria Justice, Tanya Taylor serves up intricate pieces for the modern gal Golden girls! Gwyneth Paltrow and Sarah Jessica Parker rock autumnal colors for Calvin Klein's Fall Winter show at NYFW Naomie Harris is the picture of elegance in checked trousers and chic white coat as she makes glamorous arrival at Calvin Klein NYFW show Ex On The Beach's Chloe Goodman flaunts her ample assets and peachy bottom in a tiny mismatched bikini as she hits the pool in Tenerife 'You can't be obese and happy': Super-slimmer Tina Malone claims true joy comes from being thin... but Chantelle Houghton says 'life is too short' The Grammys' 'trophy girls' who dish out the awards now include a transgender woman and a man  Martina Robledo, Derek Marrocco, Hollin Haley will be the 3 handlers 'I'd like to have kids... but I need a guy!' Sophie Monk reveals hopes of having a baby THIS YEAR and is open to being a single mum 'if it got to that' 'She's very shaken up': Love Island's Olivia Buckland left in hospital after hitting her head in petrifying car crash Sustained an injury to her head  How Kate took ten years off her face: The Duchess has ditched her heavy eyeliner, and matte foundation since turning 35 (and looks a decade younger) MY HAVEN - Martin Roberts: The Homes Under The Hammer host, 53, in his tree house (and radio studio) in Somerset  She plays Governor Hildur Odegard in Sky Atlantic's dark drama Fortitude and here Sofie Grabol talks us through a week on the show's set... Tony Blackburn will make his triumphant return to Radio 2 for a 6am Saturday job one year after his sacking  Sounds Of The 60s I'm not Radio Gaga, legendary DJ Brian Matthew tells JANE FRYER after he briefly fell ill and was abruptly pensioned off from the BBC following 63 years with the corporation  It's celebrity walkies! Well-known faces walk their dogs in stunning locations and telling us as much about the owners as the beauty spots Bill Oddie wouldn't do yoga, Sheila Ferguson had a date and Miriam Stoppard couldn't surrender to the spirituality. Yes, The Real Marigold Hotel is back Natural beauty! Makeup-free Pia Miller shares 'grumpy selfie' ahead of early morning shoot and STILL looks stunning The Germans won the war and Britain is under occupation. That's the idea behind new TV drama SS-GB - and its dystopian vision is utterly chilling: Welcome to Nazi Britain  Terry Pratchett's final fantasy: The late literary legend recorded his innermost thoughts before he passed away in 2015 - now actor Paul Kaye's brought them to life in a moving film After a tantalising star turn in The Night Manager, Elizabeth Debicki returns to British TV in Australian alien abduction thriller The Kettering Incident Fancy seeing you here! Lily-Rose Depp bumps into her pal Tallulah Willis at popular LA lunch spot The two friends met unexpectedly Richard Gere and his co-star Laura Linney cosy up to each other on the red carpet for new film The Dinner at the 67th Berlinale International Film Festival Whoopi Goldberg reveals she didn't realise how much she depended on her mother and brother as she discusses their deaths on Loose Women EXCLUSIVE: 'We had SEX in Buckingham Palace toilets': Steve Jones admits to a very naughty regal romp with his wife Phylicia Her pride and joy! Teresa Palmer shares adorable snap of her sons Bodhi Rain and Forest Sage as she gushes over the baby's 'new chatter' Picking up a present for the grandchildren? Amal Clooney's mum is pictured heading into a children's bookshop as it's revealed the couple are expecting twins Blondes have more fun! Allison Williams shows off platinum hair at LA screening of Get Out with director Jordan Peele and co-stars Kate Moss flashes her racy leather bra as she unbuttons her shirt during dinner in London... before heading home in the early hours bleary-eyed She'll catch her death! Braless Ashley James puts on a VERY busty display as she showcases her ample cleavage in plunging pink knitwear Time to chill! Geordie Shore newbie Zahida Allen braves snowy conditions in TINY plunging mini dress as she enjoys girls' night at French ski resort 'My heart is broken!' Twitter goes into mourning as Kris Marshall bids an emotional farewell to Death In Paradise Charli Sexy-X! Popstar puts on very busty display in plunging bralet and tiny shorts as she performs new single on Jimmy Kimmel Live 'She threw me off!': Maria Shriver gets flustered after Lena Dunham says the word penis during live interview on Today show Take a bow! Solange Knowles shows off a hint of cleavage in quirky plunging blazer at the Black Women in Music event in Hollywood  So wild! Sofia Vergara wears zebra print blouse as she films Modern Family with Ed O'Neill In character as Gloria during a shoot day 'It's got a life of its own!' Linda Robson has Loose Women panel in stitches as she fails to switch off sex toy and mistakes nipple tassels for earrings PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Tyga's ex Demi Rose sizzles in racy red lace lingerie for sexy Valentine's Day shoot as she reveals plans to move to America Shia LaBeouf's anti-Trump museum exhibit is shut down after becoming a 'flashpoint for violence' He Will Not Divide Us exhibit Tara Palmer-Tomkinson's family reveal she 'died peacefully in her sleep' as heartbroken sister visits tragic socialite's £1.6million apartment  Lisa Appleton flashes her very ample assets whilst flexing her muscles in Wonder Woman-inspired gym wear by the seaside in Blackpool 'There was a baby boom!' Jamie Dornan admits erotic Fifty Shades sex scenes with Dakota Johnson led to pregnancy surge 'You're going to cry again': Eamonn Holmes reminds emotional Ruth Langsford of how he asked her mum for hand in marriage during her dad's dementia battle Aidan Turner puffs away on a cigarette before he resumes filming with Eleanor Tomlinson for Poldark season three EastEnders' Jack Branning can't contain his grief-fuelled rage as it's revealed what really caused Ronnie and Roxy Mitchell's deaths Seething with rage  Not wanted! NeNe Leakes and Kim Zolciak's return to RHOA angers co-stars amid pay cut concerns Sure to be explosive Fresh fears for Mischa Barton as she is seen drinking, smoking and partying until 3am just weeks after shocking 'meltdown'  Pictured drinking 'Amal's twins and Beyonce's twins will sit on the thrones of Narnia': Twitter reacts to George Clooney baby news Double the joy! 'Caught early it's very curable': Pointless host Alexander Armstrong undergoes testicular cancer test in front of millions on This Morning Praised by viewers  Sheer daring! Kendall Jenner bares pert derriere in see-through gown as she hits catwalk for La Perla NYFW show Sheer style 'Everything I could possibly ever want on my birthday': Make-up free Holly Willoughby poses for a rare snap with her three children as she turns 36 Could it be a trio of pregnancies for The Hills? Speidi fuel rumours they are expecting as they congratulate Whitney Port and Lauren Conrad 'He thinks he can win in every discipline' Davina McCall on Spencer Matthews' cocky attitude on The Jump... and his co-stars plan to 'take him down' '27 weeks and 2 days': Pregnant Love Island star Cally Jane Beech excitedly shares picture of her growing baby bump as she poses in her underwear  Mini Moyles! Radio DJ Chris showcases his jaw-dropping five stone weight loss at the opening of Jamie Oliver's new restaurant in London Save the breast for last! Courtney Stodden sizzles in plunging bodysuit as she showcases major sideboob at pre-Grammys bash in LA Death in Paradise star whose shorts have made her a hit with viewers entertains Twitter with live episode updates (and responds to their flirty posts) 'I'm just gutted I'm not allowed to see you': Kirk Norcross shares heart-wrenching video with daughter  on her first birthday...amid claims ex is blocking access LEAFing little to the imagination! Charlotte McKinney flaunts her eye-popping cleavage in a sheer top as she accessorises with a quirky clutch When she's feeling blue: Selma Blair flaunts her legs in a patterned mini and a matching pyjama-style ensemble as she mixed up her look throughout the day Rosie Huntington-Whiteley, 29, finally confirms she's PREGNANT with fiance Jason Statham, 49, as she shares burgeoning bikini bump snap  'Looking hot in those kinky boots this morning!' Twitter goes wild for Lorraine Kelly's patent leather knee-highs on TV show It's Ferry slippy! Geordie Shore's Chloe takes a tumble on the ice alongside cast mate Marnie Simpson as they continue to film new series in Tignes Brooklyn Beckham heads out for a night out on the town amid father David's email hacking scandal Heading to Mayfair It was never meant to workout! Jamie O'Hara endures gruelling personal training session... after dumping CBB love interest Bianca Gascoigne EastEnders suffers another epic gaffe when stagehand wanders into Aunt Babe and Sylvie's dramatic scene A man in a high vis jacket was in shot Lady in leather! Smiling Queen Maxima of the Netherlands steps out in an edgy plum pencil skirt on a visit to a design school in east Germany  TayTay Starhz continues to cash in on THAT kiss with Zoe Ball as he claims he helped cause the end of her marriage to Norman Cook  Can YOU identify these stars from just their lips? Scientists say plump pouts like the Kardashians' aren't the most desirable while Holly Willoughby has a perfect pair Awkward! Suits stars Rick Hoffman and Sarah Rafferty dodge question about co-star Meghan Markle and Prince Harry on The Project Such a (Suga)babe! Heidi Range oozes glamour in a lace jumpsuit as she enjoys a theatre date night with hunky husband at the Carole King Musical It's official! George Clooney, 55, and pregnant wife Amal, 39, finally confirm rumours they are expecting TWINS Due in June 50 shades duller! (And as erotic as a bluebottle landing on your bottom): BRIAN VINER gives his verdict on the sequel Even more pale and at times downright limp 'Just perfect': Peter Andre shares intimate breastfeeding snap of wife Emily MacDonagh... as they hint at solidarity for Tamara Ecclestone following her rant When Hermione fell for Voldemort... Hilarious Beauty and The Beast spoof trailer sees Emma Watson's Belle fall in love with Harry Potter's evil nemesis Revealed: The punishing regime that saw DJ Chris Moyles ditch pizza for quinoa and the radio chair for running to shed a whopping FIVE STONE   With their drunken orgies, the sexually voracious Wizard Of Oz Munchkins turned to whoring, pimping and other crimes   Exposed 'I'm putting my pyjamas on': Katie Price teases she won't be getting X-rated with husband Kieran Hayler after watching steamy Fifty Shades Darker 'Every day I want more drugs': Friends reveal tragic Tara's struggle with addiction in her final months as sister tells of her heartbreak Tragic death Throwback Thursday! Zayn Malik channels James Dean with edgy shearling jacket and classic quiff at Billboard Power 100 celebration Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy   Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance YY Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for YY Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Blackrock Throgmorton Trust PLC (THRG) Increases Dividend to GBX 6.25 Per Share Pattern Energy Group Inc. (PEGI) Stock Rating Lowered by Zacks Investment Research Analysts Issue Forecasts for Akamai Technologies, Inc.’s Q1 2017 Earnings (AKAM) Allergan PLC. (AGN) Forecasted to Post Q1 2017 Earnings of $3.55 Per Share AngioDynamics, Inc. (ANGO) Receives $16.63 Average Target Price from Brokerages Sanatana Resources Inc (STA) Director Peter Leighton Miles Purchases 372,000 Shares of Stock Alexander & Baldwin Holdings, Inc. (ALEX) Director Stanley M. Kuriyama Sells 4,250 Shares Nicholas Financial, Inc. (NICK) Major Shareholder Magnolia Capital Fund, Lp Purchases 19,196 Shares Brokerages Anticipate Air Methods Corporation (AIRM) to Post $0.61 Earnings Per Share Owens Corning Inc (OC) Upgraded to Hold by Zacks Investment Research Avon Products, Inc. (AVP) Forecasted to Post Q1 2017 Earnings of $0.05 Per Share Analysts Offer Predictions for Camden Property Trust’s Q1 2017 Earnings (CPT) Jefferies Group Comments on CenturyLink, Inc.’s Q1 2017 Earnings (CTL) Brokerages Set Computer Programs and Systems, Inc. (CPSI) Price Target at $34.55 Seaport Global Securities Brokers Cut Earnings Estimates for Diamond Offshore Drilling, Inc. (DO) Daniel Kerzner Sells 36,000 Shares of Alarm.com Holdings, Inc. (ALRM) Stock Elissa Fink Sells 5,000 Shares of Tableau Software, Inc. (DATA) Stock Eaton Vance Tax-Managed Global Buy-Write (ETW) to Issue $0.10 Monthly Dividend Fiserv, Inc. to Post Q1 2017 Earnings of $1.18 Per Share, SunTrust Banks Forecasts (FISV) Marriott International (MAR) Receives $83.98 Average Target Price from Brokerages Jefferies Group LLC Initiates Coverage on YY Inc. (YY) February 10th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Jeff Wilder Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Finance Tweet Research analysts at Jefferies Group LLC started coverage on shares of YY Inc. (NASDAQ:YY) in a research note issued to investors on Wednesday. The firm set a “hold” rating and a $45.00 price target on the stock. Jefferies Group LLC’s price objective suggests a potential upside of 1.67% from the company’s current price. A number of other equities research analysts have also weighed in on YY. HSBC Holdings plc initiated coverage on YY in a research report on Monday, October 31st. They set a “buy” rating and a $61.00 price objective on the stock. Bank of America Corporation initiated coverage on YY in a research report on Monday, November 28th. They set a “buy” rating and a $60.00 price objective on the stock. CLSA initiated coverage on YY in a research report on Monday, December 12th. They set an “outperform” rating and a $48.00 price objective on the stock. JPMorgan Chase & Co. restated an “overweight” rating on shares of YY in a research report on Wednesday, October 26th. Finally, Deutsche Bank AG restated a “buy” rating and set a $60.00 price objective on shares of YY in a research report on Friday, December 16th. Three investment analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and seven have assigned a buy rating to the stock. YY currently has an average rating of “Buy” and a consensus target price of $55.98. Shares of YY (NASDAQ:YY) opened at 44.43 on Wednesday. The firm has a 50 day moving average price of $41.52 and a 200 day moving average price of $46.45. YY has a one year low of $31.07 and a one year high of $63.96. The company has a market capitalization of $2.46 billion, a P/E ratio of 13.88 and a beta of 1.11. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION WARNING: This report was originally posted by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are reading this report on another domain, it was copied illegally and reposted in violation of U.S. & international trademark & copyright legislation. The correct version of this report can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/02/10/jefferies-group-llc-initiates-coverage-on-yy-inc-yy.html. A number of hedge funds and other institutional investors have recently made changes to their positions in the company. Royal Bank of Canada increased its position in shares of YY by 102.9% in the second quarter. Royal Bank of Canada now owns 32,117 shares of the company’s stock valued at $1,088,000 after buying an additional 16,286 shares during the last quarter. Stifel Financial Corp increased its position in shares of YY by 2.3% in the second quarter. Stifel Financial Corp now owns 10,011 shares of the company’s stock worth $339,000 after buying an additional 228 shares in the last quarter. Legal & General Group Plc increased its position in shares of YY by 97.2% in the second quarter. Legal & General Group Plc now owns 49,821 shares of the company’s stock worth $1,687,000 after buying an additional 24,559 shares in the last quarter. Fiera Capital Corp acquired a new position in shares of YY during the second quarter worth about $21,032,000. Finally, Yiheng Capital LLC acquired a new position in shares of YY during the second quarter worth about $3,883,000. 43.95% of the stock is currently owned by hedge funds and other institutional investors. YY Company Profile YY Inc (YY) is a social platform that engages users in real-time online group activities through voice, video and text on personal computers and mobile devices. The Company’s segments include YY IVAS and others, Huya broadcasting, and 100 Education. YY enables users to create and organize groups of varying sizes to discover and participate in a range of online activities, including music shows, online games, dating shows, live game broadcasting and e-learning. Receive News & Ratings for YY Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for YY Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News White House Announces Conway Was Counseled Warren Receives Support After GOP Formally Silences Her Report: Trump Was Not Completely Briefed on Bannon NSC Seat Justice Department Will Challenge Stop to Travel Ban President Trump Cancels Harley-Davidson Trip Due to Possible Protests © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Bloomberg the Company & Its ProductsBloomberg Anywhere Remote LoginBloomberg Anywhere LoginBloomberg Terminal Demo Request Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Philanthropy & Engagement Bloomberg London Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Philanthropy & Engagement Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Bloomberg London Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Advertising Bloomberg Media Distribution Bloomberg Live Conferences Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center MENU Homepage Markets Stocks Currencies Commodities Rates + Bonds Economics Magazine Benchmark Watchlist Economic Calendar Tech U.S. Global Startups Cybersecurity Digital Media Bloomberg Technology TV Hello World Studio 1.0 Pursuits Cars & Bikes Style & Grooming Spend Watches & Gadgets Food & Drinks Travel Real Estate Art & Design Politics With All Due Respect Global Risk Briefing How We’ll Know if Trump Is Making America Great Again Tracking Trump’s Web of Conflicts The Inauguration of Donald J. Trump On the March in Trump’s Capital Opinion View Gadfly Businessweek Subscribe Cover Stories Opening Remarks Etc Features 85th Anniversary Issue Behind The Cover More Science + Energy Graphics Game Plan Small Business Personal Finance Inspire GO The David Rubenstein Show Sponsored Content Bloomberg About The Company Sign In Sign In Subscribe Emerging Market Assets Plunged After Trump Won. This Year They've Been On a Massive Tear. by Elena Popina @lena_popina More stories by Elena Popina and Ben Bartenstein @BenBartenstein More stories by Ben Bartenstein February 10, 2017, 6:00 AM EST February 10, 2017, 12:35 PM EST Spread between EM debt and Treasuries near lowest since 2014 Pictet says emerging stocks a buy, joining bulls at BofA Wall Street’s love affair with emerging-market bonds is coming to an end, but the passion for stocks is unabated. BlackRock Inc. cut its recommendation for developing-nation debt to neutral this week as it reiterated a bullish view on equities, joining strategists at JPMorgan Chase & Co. who prefer shares to fixed income. Goldman Sachs Group Inc. says a pickup in global growth favors stocks. Both asset classes are enjoying their best start to a year since 2011, buoyed by the idea that the initial doom-and-gloom reaction to Donald Trump’s election was overdone considering that his economic policies -- particularly his threats of protectionism -- appear to still be in flux. Now investors are counting on faster global growth and a pickup in earnings to send developing-nation stocks even higher, but say valuations on emerging-market bonds are already rich and a likely increase in U.S. interest rates will be a drag. "The tide had been in favor of debt for so long and now we’ve very likely seen a sea change," said Tim Ghriskey, who oversees more than $1.5 billion as chief investment officer at Solaris Asset Management. "Emerging-market debt is probably something to avoid at this point or limit your exposure or stay on the low duration. On equities, you still want to be selective, but generally we think exposure can be increased.” That optimism was missing in the immediate aftermath of the election. The MSCI Emerging Markets Index of stocks plunged 7 percent in the days after Trump won office, while a Bloomberg gauge of corporate debt from developing countries posted the worst selloff in three years. Investors were panicking at the idea of Trump making good on his promise to put “America First,” anticipating a slew of trade barriers that would damp exports, send the dollar soaring and -- to the biggest pessimists -- possibly lead to a global recession. Those concerns abated in the weeks after the election, and while some analysts and investors say assets seem to be underpricing the risk of Trump’s trade policies, others focused on several bullish signs for both emerging-market stocks and bonds. They cite the pickup in global growth forecasts as the euro-area economy is rebounding amid stimulus programs and a pullback in the dollar following concern a stronger greenback was threatening to imperil developing nations’ competitiveness. Traders were also encouraged by higher prices for the commodity exports that many developing nations rely on, and a better political outlook in some of the biggest countries. Turkey is stabilizing after a coup attempt last year, Russia seems likely to be under less pressure from a Trump administration and Brazil is pulling out of its worst recession in a century after its president was impeached last year. The most important market news of the day. Get our markets daily newsletter. Sign Up “The protectionist threat is still legit, but questions remain about how strong it will be when or if it’s finally implemented,” said Steve Hooker, a Hartford, Connecticut-based emerging-market money manager at Newfleet Asset Management LLC, which oversees $12 billion. “Growth appears to be bottoming thanks to the easing recessions in Brazil and Russia. China data has been generally OK, commodity prices are supportive and U.S. rates and the dollar have not been the straight shot higher that many were expecting.” Emerging stocks have outperformed developed peers last year for the first time since 2012 and now trade near the highest level since September. Strategists at Pictet Asset Management this week upgraded the asset class to a buy, joining bulls at Bank of America Corp. Some $600 billion in market value was added to stocks in the biggest developing markets last month. Corporate profit estimates are rising twice as fast as forecasts for developed-market peers, leaving emerging-nation equities trading at 12.1 times estimated earnings, compared with 16.4 for stocks in advanced economies. That signals to bulls that valuations have more room to rise. Valuations for bonds look a bit more stretched, especially amid concern that quicker economic growth in the U.S. will lead to faster interest-rate increases that will lure funds from riskier assets. The spread between yields on emerging-market sovereign notes and Treasuries is the lowest since December 2014, when a currency crisis in Russia sparked a selloff in riskier assets. BlackRock cited high valuations when it cut its recommendation on developing-market debt in a report dated Feb. 6. While it looks appealing long-term, “strong post U.S.-election performance versus other risk assets makes us cautious,” BlackRock’s chief investment strategist Richard Turnill said in the note. Anders Faergemann, a London-based senior sovereign portfolio manager at PineBridge Investments, voices a similar concern. “Emerging-market debt spreads are at a two-year low so valuations are stretched, which makes us cautious looking ahead,” Faergemann said. His Global Emerging Markets Local Currency Bond Fund has outperformed 78 percent of peers in the past 12 months. Trump’s victory has sparked a surge in reflation bets, the idea that inflation is going to pick up. His comments that long-awaited details on promised tax cuts were upcoming gave a boost to the wager Thursday as equities in Europe and the U.S. rallied and Treasuries fell. “An environment with stronger growth may cause investors to rotate out of fixed income and allocate more into equities,” Jane Wei, a strategist at Goldman Sachs, said in a note earlier this month. There’s “a friendlier backdrop for riskier assets such as EM equities.” Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal. LEARN MORE Most Read Trump Vows to Fight as Appeals Court Thwarts Immigration Ban Now Under Armour Has a Trump Problem, Too White House: Cohn-Led Tax Plan Is Real and It’s Phenomenal Trumpflation Is Running Out of Gas Trump Weighs New Immigration Order With Next Legal Moves Unclear Terms of Service Trademarks Privacy Policy ©2017 Bloomberg L.P. All Rights Reserved Careers Made in NYC Advertise Ad Choices Website Feedback Help
Home Mail Flickr Tumblr News Sports Finance Celebrity Answers Groups Mobile More Try Yahoo Finance on Firefox » Yahoo Search Search Sign in Mail Finance Home Originals Events Personal Finance Technology Markets Industries My Screeners My Portfolio U.S. Markets closed S&P 500 2,316.10 8.23 (0.36%) Dow 30 20,269.37 96.97 (0.48%) Nasdaq 5,734.13 18.95 (0.33%) Wall Street hits records again, boosted by Trump economy hopes By Lewis Krauskopf ReutersFebruary 10, 2017 Reblog Share Tweet Share Traders work on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE) in New York, U.S., February 7, 2017. REUTERS/Brendan McDermidMore By Lewis Krauskopf NEW YORK (Reuters) - Wall Street's main stock indexes rose to fresh all-time closing highs on Friday as a spike in oil prices supported energy shares and investors renewed their optimism about President Donald Trump's economic agenda. The S&P 500 tallied its fourth straight session of gains, a day after Trump vowed a major tax announcement in the next few weeks. The benchmark S&P 500 has surged 8.3 percent since Trump's Nov. 8 election, fuelled by expectations he will lower corporate taxes, reduce regulations and increase infrastructure spending. The rally had stalled amid concerns over Trump's protectionist stance and lack of clarity on policy reforms. "Investors were worried that the administration may have gotten off track and was pursuing other items," said Kim Forrest, senior equity research analyst at Fort Pitt Capital Group in Pittsburgh. "Tax cuts have gotten put back on the front burner," Forrest said, adding, "We are looking for gains in the economy at large from this, not just (earnings per share) gains in stocks." The Dow Jones Industrial Average <.DJI> rose 96.97 points, or 0.48 percent, to end at 20,269.37, the S&P 500 <.SPX> gained 8.23 points, or 0.36 percent, to 2,316.10 and the Nasdaq Composite <.IXIC> added 18.95 points, or 0.33 percent, to 5,734.13. The S&P and Dow closed at a record high for a second straight session, while the Nasdaq extended its streak of record closes to a fourth day. Energy shares <.SPNY> gained 0.8 percent. Oil prices rose more than 1 percent after reports that OPEC members delivered more than 90 percent of the output cuts they pledged in a deal that took effect in January. Energy could continue to be in focus next week, when a host of small-cap companies in energy are due to report results. The S&P financial sector <.SPSY> ended up 0.2 percent. The group initially moved higher after Daniel Tarullo, the top Federal Reserve official charged with financial regulation, said he would resign, creating further room for Trump to reshape the Fed's policymaking staff. The focus on Washington comes as large U.S. companies were set for their second straight quarter of profit increases after several periods of declines. With more than 70 percent of the S&P 500 having reported results, fourth-quarter earnings are on track to have climbed 8.4 percent, which would be the best performance since the third quarter of 2014, according to Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S. "We are seeing a pretty solid rate of beats and we’re out of the earnings recession," said Jason Ware, chief investment officer at Albion Financial Group in Salt Lake City. Activision Blizzard surged 18.9 percent after the videogame publisher reported higher-than-expected revenue and set a $1 billion share buyback programme. Its shares gave the biggest boost to the S&P 500 and the Nasdaq. Skechers USA jumped 19.3 percent after the footwear maker's fourth-quarter revenue beat expectations. Sears Holding soared 25.6 percent after the struggling retailer said it would cut costs by $1 billion and reduce debt and pension obligations by at least $1.5 billion this year. Advancing issues outnumbered declining ones on the NYSE by a 2.60-to-1 ratio; on Nasdaq, a 2.05-to-1 ratio favoured advancers. The S&P 500 posted 48 new 52-week highs and no new lows; the Nasdaq Composite recorded 151 new highs and 22 new lows. About 6.6 billion shares changed hands on U.S. exchanges, compared with the 6.7 billion daily average for the past 20 trading days, according to Thomson Reuters data. (Additional reporting by Yashaswini Swamynathan in Bengaluru; Editing by Nick Zieminski and James Dalgleish) Reblog Share Tweet Share Recently Viewed Your list is empty. What to Read Next US immigration agents arrest hundreds in nationwide sweep Business Insider Wall Street "Poster Boy" Makes A Big Prediction Banyan HillSponsored Trump warns Iran president he 'better be careful' AFP Donald Trump may sign new travel ban executive order, as White House announces it won't take current immigration fight to the Supreme Court The Telegraph Education secretary Betsy DeVos physically blocked from entering public school by protesters International Business Times This $0.39 Marijuana Research Stock Set to Rise Agora FinancialSponsored US officials reportedly confirm elements of Russia dossier that targeted Trump Business Insider Americans Renouncing Citizenship at Record High Bloomberg The CFPB has returned $12B to consumers. Republicans want to kill it Yahoo Finance Top 8 Credit Cards For Those With Excellent Credit CompareCards.comSponsored Exclusive - Trump border 'wall' to cost $21.6 billion, take 3.5 years to build: internal report Reuters Ed Sheeran upstages Alec Baldwin with ‘terrific’ Donald Trump impression Entertainment Weekly Cramer Remix: The off-the-radar defense play on fire that... CNBC Videos Why the Internet is Going Crazy Over this Mattress CasperSponsored Shopping for the Ivanka Trump brand is a nightmare in NYC Yahoo Finance Under Armour has a Trump dilemma Yahoo Finance Protests Erupt in Los Angeles Following Reports of Immigration Raids D J: if you are here illlegally, YOU ARE A CRIMINAL. PERIOD. You have broken the law. Join the Conversation 1 / 5 2.9k Data Disclaimer Help Suggestions
X Edition: United States Business Business Home Legal Deals Aerospace & Defense Finance Autos Reuters Summits ADventures Data Dive Markets Markets Home U.S. Markets European Markets Asian Markets Global Market Data Indices Stocks Bonds Currencies Commodities Futures Funds Earnings Dividends World World Home U.S. Special Reports Reuters Investigates Euro Zone Middle East China Japan Mexico Brazil Africa Russia India Politics Politics Home Polling Explorer Live: Trump's First 100 Days What Voters Want Supreme Court Tech Technology Home Science Top 100 Global Innovators Media Environment Innovation Commentary Commentary Home Podcasts Breakingviews Breakingviews Home Breakingviews Video Money Money Home Retirement Lipper Awards Analyst Research Stock Screener Fund Screener Life Health Sports Arts Entertainment Oddly Enough Pictures Pictures Home The Wider Image Photographers Focus 360 Video Wall Street hits records again, boosted by Trump economy hopes Africa América Latina عربي Argentina Brasil Canada 中国 Deutschland España France India Italia 日本 México РОССИЯ United Kingdom United States Business News | Fri Feb 10, 2017 | 5:59pm EST Wall Street hits records again, boosted by Trump economy hopes By Lewis Krauskopf | NEW YORK NEW YORK Wall Street's main stock indexes rose to fresh all-time closing highs on Friday as a spike in oil prices supported energy shares and investors renewed their optimism about President Donald Trump's economic agenda. The S&P 500 tallied its fourth straight session of gains, a day after Trump vowed a major tax announcement in the next few weeks. The benchmark S&P 500 has surged 8.3 percent since Trump's Nov. 8 election, fueled by expectations he will lower corporate taxes, reduce regulations and increase infrastructure spending. The rally had stalled amid concerns over Trump's protectionist stance and lack of clarity on policy reforms. "Investors were worried that the administration may have gotten off track and was pursuing other items," said Kim Forrest, senior equity research analyst at Fort Pitt Capital Group in Pittsburgh. "Tax cuts have gotten put back on the front burner," Forrest said, adding, "We are looking for gains in the economy at large from this, not just (earnings per share) gains in stocks." The Dow Jones Industrial Average .DJI rose 96.97 points, or 0.48 percent, to end at 20,269.37, the S&P 500 .SPX gained 8.23 points, or 0.36 percent, to 2,316.10 and the Nasdaq Composite .IXIC added 18.95 points, or 0.33 percent, to 5,734.13. The S&P and Dow closed at a record high for a second straight session, while the Nasdaq extended its streak of record closes to a fourth day. Energy shares .SPNY gained 0.8 percent. Oil prices rose more than 1 percent after reports that OPEC members delivered more than 90 percent of the output cuts they pledged in a deal that took effect in January. Energy could continue to be in focus next week, when a host of small-cap companies in energy are due to report results. The S&P financial sector .SPSY ended up 0.2 percent. The group initially moved higher after Daniel Tarullo, the top Federal Reserve official charged with financial regulation, said he would resign, creating further room for Trump to reshape the Fed's policymaking staff. The focus on Washington comes as large U.S. companies were set for their second straight quarter of profit increases after several periods of declines. With more than 70 percent of the S&P 500 having reported results, fourth-quarter earnings are on track to have climbed 8.4 percent, which would be the best performance since the third quarter of 2014, according to Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S. "We are seeing a pretty solid rate of beats and we’re out of the earnings recession," said Jason Ware, chief investment officer at Albion Financial Group in Salt Lake City. Activision Blizzard (ATVI.O) surged 18.9 percent after the videogame publisher reported higher-than-expected revenue and set a $1 billion share buyback program. Its shares gave the biggest boost to the S&P 500 and the Nasdaq. Skechers USA (SKX.N) jumped 19.3 percent after the footwear maker's fourth-quarter revenue beat expectations. Sears Holding (SHLD.O) soared 25.6 percent after the struggling retailer said it would cut costs by $1 billion and reduce debt and pension obligations by at least $1.5 billion this year. Advancing issues outnumbered declining ones on the NYSE by a 2.60-to-1 ratio; on Nasdaq, a 2.05-to-1 ratio favored advancers. The S&P 500 posted 48 new 52-week highs and no new lows; the Nasdaq Composite recorded 151 new highs and 22 new lows. About 6.6 billion shares changed hands on U.S. exchanges, compared with the 6.7 billion daily average for the past 20 trading days, according to Thomson Reuters data. (Additional reporting by Yashaswini Swamynathan in Bengaluru; Editing by Nick Zieminski and James Dalgleish) Traders work on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE) in New York, U.S., February 7, 2017. REUTERS/Brendan McDermid Next In Business News Senators question Goldman Sachs on its role in Trump banking policy Two U.S. senators are seeking details from Goldman Sachs Group Inc's chief executive on the extent to which the bank's employees were involved in drafting of the recent executive orders on banking and fiduciary regulations. Ford to invest $1 billion in autonomous vehicle tech firm Argo AI SAN FRANCISCO Ford Motor Co plans to invest $1 billion over the next five years in tech startup Argo AI to help the Detroit automaker reach its goal of producing a self-driving vehicle for commercial ride sharing fleets by 2021, the companies announced on Friday. Reckitt finalizes deal to buy Mead Johnson for $16.6 billion Reckitt Benckiser has agreed to buy U.S. baby formula maker Mead Johnson Nutrition for $16.6 billion, giving the British consumer goods company a new product line and expanding its presence in developing markets. MORE FROM REUTERS Sponsored Content From Around the WebPromoted by Revcontent Trending Stories Pictures Photos of the week Sponsored Topics X Follow Reuters: Follow Us On Twitter Follow Us On Facebook Follow Us On RSS Follow Us On Instagram Follow Us On YouTube Follow Us On LinkedIn Subscribe: Feeds | Newsletters | Podcasts | Apps Reuters News Agency | Brand Attribution Guidelines | Careers Reuters is the news and media division of Thomson Reuters. Thomson Reuters is the world's largest international multimedia news agency, providing investing news, world news, business news, technology news, headline news, small business news, news alerts, personal finance, stock market, and mutual funds information available on Reuters.com, video, mobile, and interactive television platforms. Learn more about Thomson Reuters products: Eikon Information, analytics and exclusive news on financial markets - delivered in an intuitive desktop and mobile interface Elektron Everything you need to empower your workflow and enhance your enterprise data management World-Check Screen for heightened risk individual and entities globally to help uncover hidden risks in business relationships and human networks Westlaw Build the strongest argument relying on authoritative content, attorney-editor expertise, and industry defining technology ONESOURCE The most comprehensive solution to manage all your complex and ever-expanding tax and compliance needs CHECKPOINT The industry leader for online information for tax, accounting and finance professionals All quotes delayed a minimum of 15 minutes. See here for a complete list of exchanges and delays. Site Feedback Corrections Advertising Guidelines Cookies Terms of Use Privacy Policy
Photos Videos Topics Live BAN 267/6 (88) - IND 687/6 (166) Live SL 296/8 (50) - SA 384/6 (50) Home India Mumbai Delhi World Business Technology Sports Entertainment Lifestyle Education & Careers TRENDING# Rahul Gandhi Sasikala Assembly Elections 2017 UP Elections 2017 Raees Home World US STOCKS-Wall St set to open higher after Trump tax cut talk Shares1 Fri, 10 Feb 2017-07:35pm , Reuters Wall Street looked set to open slightly higher on Friday, a day after its major indexes hit record highs on President Donald Trump's promise to unveil a tax reform plan in the coming weeks. Trump called his tax plan as "phenomenal", but offered no details other than citing the need to lower tax burden on businesses. The news helped reignite a post-election rally, which had stalled in recent weeks on concerns over Trump's protectionist stance and the lack of clarity on his policies. Trump's hint that the tax plan will move quickly is the biggest theme for investors, and he has always maintained that it is going to be very aggressive, said Uriel Cohen, founder of Alpine Global in New York. "No one wants to miss a large pop when that news does come out." Jeb Hensarling, the Republican chairman of a key House of Representatives committee, laid out his plan to roll back Wall Street and consumer protection rules, which were put in place after the 2008 financial crisis, according to a staff memo seen by Reuters on Thursday. Banks, including Morgan Stanley, Bank of America and JPMorgan, were slightly higher in premarket trading on Friday. The dollar index rose 0.23 percent to a near three-week high of 100.89. Gold was down 0.2 percent after hitting a three-month high on Thursday. Oil prices rose 1.5 percent after news that OPEC members' initial compliance with last year's landmark production cut deal reached a record high. Dow e-minis were up 30 points, or 0.15 percent at 8:28 a.m. ET (1328 GMT), with 21,713 contracts changing hands. S&P 500 e-minis were up 2.5 points, or 0.11 percent, with 100,854 contracts traded. Nasdaq 100 e-minis were up 6 points, or 0.12 percent, on volume of 19,481 contracts. A University of Michigan report is likely to show that its consumer sentiment index slipped to 97.9 in February from 98.5 last month. The data is due at 10:00 a.m. ET (1700 GMT). Shares of Activision Blizzard rose 10.24 percent after the videogame maker reported better-than-expected quarterly revenue and a $1 billion share buyback program. Sears Holding surged 44 percent to $8 after the struggling retailer said it would cut debt and pension obligations by at least $1.5 billion this year. Mead Johnson was up 5.17 percent after Reckitt Benckiser finalised a $16.6 billion deal to buy the infant formula maker. Skechers USA was up 11.2 percent in light trading after its fourth-quarter revenue beat expectations. (This article has not been edited by DNA's editorial team and is auto-generated from an agency feed.) TOP TOP < #INDvBAN: Wriddhiman explains how one simple Kohli-Kumble tactic helped him during troubled times   Comments   Also Read World New York City: Two men plead guilty to plotting terror attack for ISIS World US expresses objection to Palestinian as UN envoy to Libya World Trump weighs revised travel ban, Supreme Court test still possible World China expels 32 South Korea missionaries amid missile defence tension World Melania Trump & Akie Abe | Both unconventional First Ladies yet poles apart World Earthquake in southern Philippines kills 6 < Previous ArticleNext Article > #INDvBAN: Wriddhiman explains how one simple Kohli-Kumble tactic helped him during troubled times Live Cricket Score Live BAN 267/6 (88) IND 687/6 (166) Full Scorecard | Commentary Live SL 296/8 (50) SA beat SL by 88 runs SA 384/6 (50) Full Scorecard | Commentary Related Trump weighs revised travel ban, Supreme Court test still possible Melania Trump & Akie Abe | Both unconventional First Ladies yet poles apart Trump backs top aide Kellyanne Conway despite massive criticism Video WATCH: Priyanka Chopra says "Bollywood has been reduced to a Zumba class" Watch: This video urges you to stop asking women to cover up Shocking: Man climbs fence to avoid paying zoo ticket, gets mauled to death by tiger View all Tags Donald Trump Activision Blizzard House of Representatives Jeb Hensarling Mead Johnson Morgan Stanley New York Opec Reckitt Benckiser Reuters University of Michigan Wall Street Morgan Stanley S&P Skechers USA SITE INDEX About DNA Contact us Advertise Reprint Rights News India wants Pak to take action against terrorists: Bambawale 3 killed after inhaling 'toxic gases' on board barge BJP reaches out to small groups within North Indian community HC grants interim relief to Sharma in Kabbadi league case UP Elections 2017 | Akhilesh govt playing with aspirations of youth for political gains: PM Modi Sport #INDvBAN | Watch: Mushfiqur Rahim survives run out appeal, commentators stunned by third umpire's decision Paired together Lahiri, Shubhankar have outside chance Swing coach Leadbetter runs rule over golfers Trump and Abe Golf-Swing coach Leadbetter runs rule over golfers Trump and Abe "The timing could not have been better. A lot of quality Entertainment The Kapil Sharma Show: Rishi Kapoor REVEALS he'll enact episodes from his book 'Khullam Khulla' on stage 'Kaabil' director Sanjay Gupta begins work on his next! Varun mum on Govinda's remarks on father David Dhawan WATCH: Robert Downey Jr, Chris Pratt & Tom Holland on day 1 of 'Avengers: Infinity War' shoot Akshay Kumar's 'Crack' SHELVED or not? Director Neeraj Pandey BREAKS SILENCE on his delayed film Money Govt removes duty anomalies to boost medical devices mfg: Min Sebi says remedial actions underway in NSE co-location case Oils and Oilseeds: Edible, non-edibles weakens further Bullion: Both the precious metals, gold and silver Gold prices recover by Rs 225, silver tops Rs 43,000 Partner site: Zee News ©2017 Diligent Media Corporation Ltd.
Home About/Contact US Privacy Policy Staff Daily Email Updates Headlines Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Investing Central Valley Community Bancorp - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Central Valley Community Bancorp with our FREE daily email newsletter: Recent Posts FY2017 Earnings Estimate for Premier, Inc. (PINC) Issued By Oppenheimer Holdings BGC Partners, Inc. (BGCP) Shares Gap Up on Earnings Beat Genesco Inc. (GCO) Shares Bought by Barrow Hanley Mewhinney & Strauss LLC BBA Aviation plc (BBA) Given New GBX 347 Price Target at JPMorgan Chase & Co. Balfour Beatty plc (BBY) Given Buy Rating at Berenberg Bank BP plc (BP) Given Outperform Rating at Sanford C. Bernstein Barrow Hanley Mewhinney & Strauss LLC Boosts Stake in Unisys Corporation (UIS) Smith & Nephew plc (SN) Receives Add Rating from Numis Securities Ltd ST Ives PLC (SIV) Receives “Buy” Rating from Numis Securities Ltd Supergroup PLC (SGP) Receives “Buy” Rating from Berenberg Bank Carillion plc (CLLN) Given Hold Rating at Berenberg Bank ING Groep NV Has $807,000 Stake in Huntington Bancshares Incorporated (HBAN) Greif Bros. Corporation (GEF) Shares Sold by Barrow Hanley Mewhinney & Strauss LLC Allison Transmission Holdings Inc (ALSN) CFO David S. Graziosi Sells 150,000 Shares of Stock Barrow Hanley Mewhinney & Strauss LLC Has $5,218,000 Stake in InvenSense Inc (INVN) IDEXX Laboratories, Inc. (IDXX) Chairman Jonathan W. Ayers Sells 36,250 Shares SunTrust Banks, Inc. (STI) Shares Bought by ING Groep NV ING Groep NV Has $1,142,000 Stake in Mattel, Inc. (MAT) Opko Health, Inc. (OPK) CEO Phillip Md Et Al Frost Buys 15,600 Shares of Stock ING Groep NV Acquires 4,155 Shares of Electronic Arts Inc. (EA) Private Management Group Inc. Has $15,581,000 Stake in Central Valley Community Bancorp (CVCY) Posted by Dave Schultz on Feb 10th, 2017 // No Comments Tweet Private Management Group Inc. lowered its stake in shares of Central Valley Community Bancorp (NASDAQ:CVCY) by 1.3% during the third quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The firm owned 982,386 shares of the financial services provider’s stock after selling 12,759 shares during the period. Private Management Group Inc. owned approximately 0.09% of Central Valley Community Bancorp worth $15,581,000 at the end of the most recent quarter. Other institutional investors have also recently made changes to their positions in the company. JPMorgan Chase & Co. bought a new stake in Central Valley Community Bancorp during the second quarter valued at $1,284,000. Chicago Equity Partners LLC acquired a new stake in shares of Central Valley Community Bancorp during the third quarter valued at approximately $536,000. ClariVest Asset Management LLC acquired a new stake in shares of Central Valley Community Bancorp during the second quarter valued at approximately $374,000. California State Teachers Retirement System acquired a new stake in shares of Central Valley Community Bancorp during the second quarter valued at approximately $257,000. Finally, Acadian Asset Management LLC boosted its stake in shares of Central Valley Community Bancorp by 297.2% in the third quarter. Acadian Asset Management LLC now owns 24,092 shares of the financial services provider’s stock valued at $383,000 after buying an additional 18,026 shares during the period. 38.87% of the stock is owned by institutional investors. Shares of Central Valley Community Bancorp (NASDAQ:CVCY) opened at 20.77 on Friday. The firm has a 50-day moving average of $19.97 and a 200 day moving average of $16.85. Central Valley Community Bancorp has a 12 month low of $10.60 and a 12 month high of $20.95. The company has a market capitalization of $252.21 million, a PE ratio of 15.62 and a beta of 0.04. The business also recently disclosed a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Friday, February 24th. Shareholders of record on Friday, February 10th will be paid a dividend of $0.06 per share. The ex-dividend date is Wednesday, February 8th. This represents a $0.24 annualized dividend and a yield of 1.16%. Central Valley Community Bancorp’s dividend payout ratio is currently 17.78%. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY WARNING: “Private Management Group Inc. Has $15,581,000 Stake in Central Valley Community Bancorp (CVCY)” was posted by Web Breaking News and is owned by of Web Breaking News. If you are reading this article on another website, it was illegally stolen and reposted in violation of U.S. & international copyright & trademark laws. The correct version of this article can be read at http://www.webbreakingnews.com/2017/02/10/private-management-group-inc-has-15581000-stake-in-central-valley-community-bancorp-cvcy.html. Separately, Zacks Investment Research cut shares of Central Valley Community Bancorp from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating in a research report on Monday, January 30th. In other Central Valley Community Bancorp news, Director Daniel J. Doyle sold 10,000 shares of the stock in a transaction on Monday, December 5th. The stock was sold at an average price of $16.88, for a total transaction of $168,800.00. Following the completion of the transaction, the director now directly owns 80,628 shares in the company, valued at $1,361,000.64. The transaction was disclosed in a filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is accessible through this hyperlink. Corporate insiders own 21.57% of the company’s stock. Central Valley Community Bancorp Company Profile Central Valley Community Bancorp is a bank holding company, which operates through its subsidiary, Central Valley Community Bank (the Bank). The Company’s principal business is to provide, through its banking subsidiary, financial services in its primary market area in California. It serves over seven contiguous counties in California’s central valley, including Fresno County, Madera County, Merced County, Sacramento County, San Joaquin County, Stanislaus County, and Tulare County, and surrounding areas through the Bank. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding CVCY? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Central Valley Community Bancorp (NASDAQ:CVCY). Receive News & Ratings for Central Valley Community Bancorp Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Central Valley Community Bancorp and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter. « Previous Private Management Group Inc. Acquires New Position in PBF Energy Inc. (PBF) Next » Saybrook Capital NC Invests $266,000 in International Business Machines Corporation (IBM) Latest News Nike Suspends Relationship with Maria Sharapova Rob Bironas Ex-Titans Kicker Dies in Car Crash Ron Washington Leaves Texas Rangers Due to an Affair Jonathan Dwyer Falls in Line with Other Banned NFL Players Tony Stewart Case Going to the Grand Jury Oscar Pistorius “Blade Runner” Found Not Guilty of Murder Leave a Reply Click here to cancel reply. Name (Required) Mail (will not be published) (Required) Website   Home Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Headlines Investing © 2006-2017 Web Breaking News.
POLITICO Magazine Home Today's Cover Opinion Latest Stories Weekly Email Signups What Works Magazine Magazine Home Today's Cover Opinion Latest Stories Weekly Email Signups What Works Trump Presidency Agriculture Cybersecurity Defense Education eHealth Energy & Environment Finance & Tax Health Care Employment & Immigration Technology Trade Transportation & Infrastructure Policy Agriculture Cybersecurity Defense Education eHealth Energy & Environment Finance & Tax Health Care Employment & Immigration Technology Trade Transportation & Infrastructure PRO Already a Pro? Why Go Pro? Search Search Login Account Details Log In Log Out U.S. Edition Europe Edition POLITICO Media POLITICO Florida POLITICO New Jersey POLITICO New York Menu Sections Congress White House Magazine The Agenda Latest Election Results POLITICO Live POLITICO Live Home Upcoming Events Previous Events About POLITICO Live Multimedia All Video Off Message POLITICO Nerdcast Playback Blogs & Columns Playbook Plus Roger Simon On Media Josh Gerstein Rich Lowry 45 Presidential Tracker Series What Works Women Rule POLITICO Caucus Agenda 2020 Connect With Us Pence was told Flynn didn't discuss sanctions, aides say Trump brings up vote fraud again, this time in meeting with senators Trump vexed by challenges, scale of government Trump dumped Abrams over his criticisms during the campaign, sources say 3 key Trump mistakes that led to the travel ban court defeat Chaffetz booed at rowdy town hall Politico Morning Money Political intelligence on the intersection of Washington and Wall Street Subscribe Facebook Twitter Google + Email Print White House pushes Trump Inc. By Ben White and Mary Lee 02/10/17 08:00 AM EST WHITE HOUSE PUSHES TRUMP INC. — Isaac Arnsdorf, Josh Dawsey and I look at the remarkable extent to which the White House is willing to promote Trump family brands, from the president’s Mar-a-Lago club to Ivanka Trump’s clothing and accessories business. White House adviser Kellyanne Conway on Wednesday took the remarkable step of public urging people to buy Ivanka Trump’s goods following the flap with Nordstrom. She did so from the White House, a clear violation of federal ethics rules. Nothing is likely to happen to Conway because her boss probably enjoyed the comments and the Office of Government Ethics has no real power to impose any punishment. One unfortunate part of all this for Ivanka Trump is she really has nothing to do with any of it. Story Continued Below From the piece: “People close to Ivanka Trump say there is no way for her to fully divest from her branded products business because she owns it all herself and would have to shut down her company in order to eliminate any perceptions of conflicts. And they say she cannot do that because of existing multi-year contracts with various retail outlets and other partners. “Defenders say that Ivanka Trump would never discuss anything related to her personal businesses with the various CEOs who attend White House meetings or private dinners with her. This includes Wal-Mart CEO Doug McMillon who attended a recent dinner. Wal-Mart carries Ivanka Trump products. Some on Wall Street have also speculated about potential conflicts given all the financial executives who attend meetings with the first daughter. The list of finance executives who have attended meetings with her include investment banker Adebayo Ogunlesi, JPMorgan CEO Jamie Dimon and BlackRock CEO Larry Fink. Critics say this could raise the possibility of financiers providing favorable credit terms to Ivanka Trump for her various business endeavors. But people close to Trump say she has no lenders to her businesses and no debt. “She doesn’t owe anyone anything,” one person close to Trump said. Read more. TRUMP SMACKED DOWN BY APPEALS COURT — POLITICO’s Josh Gerstein: “A federal appeals court has turned down President Donald Trump’s attempt to revive his controversial travel ban executive order. A three-judge panel of the 9th Circuit Court of Appeals unanimously rejected the Justice Department’s request to lift a Seattle-based judge’s restraining order that blocked authorities from carrying out the limits Trump sought to impose on travel to the U.S. by refugees and by citizens of seven majority-Muslim countries. “The White House could take the issue to the Supreme Court, but the prospects for such an appeal are uncertain due in part to the high court being short a justice and split evenly between Democratic and Republican appointed justices.” Read more. TRUMP RESPONSE — Via Twitter: “SEE YOU IN COURT, THE SECURITY OF OUR NATION IS AT STAKE.” ABA FILES SUIT OVER FED DIVIDENDS — ABA President Rob Nichols and Washington Federal CEO Roy Whitehead in a WSJ op-ed: “Legal action against the government is always a last resort, yet it’s one that we must turn to when alternatives are unavailable and matters of principle are at stake. “That’s the situation in which America’s bankers find themselves today. In 2016 the government wrongfully withheld $1.1 billion in contracted dividend payments to the industry, reducing the money that banks use to make job-creating loans and investments in our hometowns. That amount will balloon to $17 billion over the next 10 years for all affected banks” Read more. The lawsuit is here. RUH ROH — WP’s By Greg Miller, Adam Entous and Ellen Nakashima: “National security adviser Michael Flynn privately discussed U.S. sanctions against Russia with that country’s ambassador to the United States during the month before President Trump took office, contrary to public assertions by Trump officials, current and former U.S. officials said. “Flynn’s communications with Russian Ambassador Sergey Kislyak were interpreted by some senior U.S. officials as an inappropriate and potentially illegal signal to the Kremlin that it could expect a reprieve from sanctions that were being imposed by the Obama administration in late December to punish Russia for its alleged interference in the 2016 election” Read more. FSR IS MAKING A LIST, CHECKING IT TWICE — POLITICO’s Victoria Guida and Zachary Warmbrodt: “The Financial Services Roundtable on Friday morning released its wish list for 2017. At the top: changing the structure of the CFPB to a commission; repeal of the Durbin amendment, which limits the fees that financial institutions can impose on debit card transactions; and setting capital standards based on risk rather than simply size, FSR President Tim Pawlenty told POLITICO “The organization would also like to see a more coordinated approach to cybersecurity regulations across agencies, as well as progress toward the white whale known as reform of mortgage giants Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac. Read their overall priorities here, on cybersecurity here, and on housing here. TOOMEY TO YELLEN: DROP STRESS TESTS — POLITICO’s Zachary Warmbrodt: “Sen. Pat Toomey told Federal Reserve Chair Janet Yellen in a letter this week that the central bank should stop stress tests of the country’s biggest lenders. The Pennsylvania Republican said the Fed’s Comprehensive Capital Analysis and Review process was hampering lending, adding to compliance costs and increasing systemic dangers” See the letter. GOOD FRIDAY MORNING — Congrats on making it to the end of another month-long week. Email me on bwhite@politico.com and follow me on Twitter @morningmoneyben. Email Mary Lee on mlee@politico.com and follow her on Twitter @maryleereports. THIS MORNING ON POLITICO PRO FINANCIAL SERVICES — Zachary Warmbrodt and Lorraine Woellert on Jeb Hensarling abandoning plans to turn the CFPB into a commission — and to get Morning Money every day before 6 a.m. — please contact Pro Services at (703) 341-4600 info@politicopro.com DRIVING THE DAY — President Trump meets with Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe at noon and holds a joint press conference with him at 1:00 p.m. … The two families then head to Mar-a-lago … Univ. of Mich. Consumer Sentiment at 10:00 a.m. expected to dip to 97.9 from 98.5. PURDUE OPPOSES BAT — Sen. David Purdue (R-Ga.) in a Wash. Times op-ed: “[T]he fourth idea being crammed into this comprehensive proposal by the House is the so-called ‘border adjustment tax.’ This 20 percent tax on all imports is regressive, hammers consumers, shuts down economic growth, and is proven to grow the federal government. “Increased consumer prices would hammer consumer confidence and lower overall demand, thus putting downward pressure on jobs. This is exactly the wrong approach. Why would we do this at a time when millions of Americans are struggling to get from payday to payday?” Read more. ** A message from American Bankers Association: The Durbin Amendment, which imposed government price caps on debit card interchange rates, was supposed to help consumers. Instead, it poured $42 billion into big-box stores’ pockets and left customers empty-handed. Government price controls are a lose-lose for Americans. Let’s repeal the Durbin Amendment. www.aba.com/RepealDurbin ** CHINA-U.S. RELATIONS FROZEN — NYT’s Mark Landler and Michael Forsythe: “When the White House announced this week that President Trump had sent President Xi Jinping of China a letter wishing him a happy Chinese New Year, it did not disclose a major reason for the friendly gesture: Mr. Xi has not gotten on the phone with Mr. Trump. “Stung by Mr. Trump’s unorthodox telephone call with the president of Taiwan and his subsequent assertion that the United States might no longer abide by the ‘One China’ policy, Mr. Xi has not spoken to Mr. Trump since Nov. 14, the week after he was elected. Administration officials say they believe he will only do so after Mr. Trump publicly commits to recognizing a single Chinese government in Beijing.” Read more. FREEZE BROKEN — FT’s Demetri Sevastopulo: “Trump has told Chinese President Xi Jinping that the White House will respect the ‘One China’ policy, in a move that will ease tensions between the powers, according to two people familiar with the call. In his first conversation with the Chinese leader since entering the Oval Office, Mr Trump said he would abide by the diplomatic formula that Beijing and Taipei agreed in 1992.” Read more. MORE ON THE HENSARLING MEMO — Cowen’s Jaret Seiberg: “We believe this measure would offer relief to the banks, but do not see how it could pass the Senate. As a result, our view remains that banks will enjoy the most upside from the new regulatory focus that will exist once Trump installs his own people at the Federal Reserve, CFPB, FDIC and OCC. … “To us, the issue is not whether the House could pass such a bill. That seems to be a given. It is how to get such a measure through the Senate. Our view is that Democrats will not support such a material approach to changing the rules for bigger banks. And there is little probability they would support changes to the CFPB's authority. This is why we believe this bill is more about sending a message on how the GOP wants to change the law.” Lisa Donner, executive director of Americans for Financial Reform: “This awful bill has always been a giveaway to Wall Street, and if anything it appears to be getting worse. It would hack away at crucial rules that prevent reckless banks from blowing up the financial system and the broader economy.” Sen. Sherrod Brown (D-Ohio), ranking member of Senate Banking: “It took less than three weeks for House Republicans to show their hand on how they will renege on candidate Trump’s campaign promises to hold Wall Street accountable and help working Americans.” ABE-TRUMP PREVIEW — Bloomberg’s Margaret Talev: “Trump’s accusations of currency manipulation against Japan aren’t a priority for him in talks with Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe planned for Friday, an administration official said. “The automobile industry will be an important topic in the talks, the official said. The official declined to address specifics about it or how the president would approach discussions on import taxes.” Read more. KUSHNER FAMILY DEAL — NYT’s Andrew Ross Sorkin and Michael J. De La Merced: “The Kushners, the New York real estate family whose scion is a close adviser to President Trump, are in negotiations to buy the Miami Marlins baseball team, according to people with direct knowledge of the matter. “The Kushners — led by Joshua Kushner, a venture capitalist, and Joseph Meyer, his brother-in-law and key lieutenant for the family’s investments — have pursued the Marlins for several months, devising a complicated financial arrangement that would include bringing in partners later, these people said. Mr. Kushner is the younger brother of Jared Kushner, Mr. Trump’s son-in-law.” Read more. CEA DEMOTED — WSJ’s Josh Zumbrun reports: “The White House Council of Economic Advisers is being demoted by the Trump administration, which said in a statement Wednesday that the president’s cabinet won't include the chairman of the CEA, an official that President Donald Trump also has yet to name. “The diminished stature for the CEA, which was part of President Barack Obama’s cabinet and has advised presidents for over seven decades on the economic impact of their policies, means Mr. Trump will likely rely more heavily on other advisers, such as Gary Cohn, the former Goldman Sachs president who is head of the National Economic Council, and Peter Navarro, the trade critic who is leading the National Trade Council.” Read more. NAMES FOR CFPB HEAD — CNBC’s Ylan Mui reports: “The White House is considering a top official at Fannie Mae to head the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau, according to two people familiar with the discussion. “Brian Brooks is currently the mortgage financing giant's general counsel and has close ties to Treasury secretary nominee Steven Mnuchin. Brooks represented several of the investors in Mnuchin's purchase of failed subprime mortgage lender IndyMac for $1.6 billion in 2009. The bank was renamed OneWest, and Brooks joined the company as vice chairman.” Read more. #3 JOB IN DOJ — Bloomberg’s Tom Schoenberg reports: “The new U.S. attorney general, Jeff Sessions, spent most of his Senate confirmation hearing answering questions about his civil rights record. The fate of remaining Justice Department probes of banks’ complicity in the financial crisis, though, may fall to a lawyer who spent much of the Obama administration representing the interests of banks and other corporations. “Trump last week nominated Rachel L. Brand, 43, a onetime senior counsel at the U.S. Chamber of Commerce, to become associate attorney general, the No. 3 job in the Justice Department. The position, which requires Senate confirmation, supervises the civil, antitrust and environmental divisions, among others, making it an important overseer of many of the department’s probes of corporations.” Read more. TWITTER’S NEW AD STRATEGY — WSJ’s Deepa Seetharaman and Ezequiel Minaya report: “President Donald Trump has made Twitter Inc. more visible than ever. Now, the company has to find a way to cash in. “Twitter said Thursday it would revamp its advertising strategy, shifting away from older products like promoted tweets in favor of video ads, which executives said tend to attract big brands like car makers. The social-media service also plans to grow its data-licensing business, which charges companies that mine the billions of tweets flowing through the service every day.” Read more. TRUMP’S WALL: $21.6B — Reuters’ reports: “President Donald Trump's "wall" along the U.S.-Mexico border would be a series of fences and walls that would cost as much as $21.6 billion, and take more than three years to construct, based on a U.S. Department of Homeland Security internal report seen by Reuters on Thursday. “The report's estimated price-tag is much higher than a $12-billion figure cited by Trump in his campaign and estimates as high as $15 billion from Republican House Speaker Paul Ryan and Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell.” Read more. PHYSICAL COMMODITIES RULE — POLITICO Pro’s Victoria Guida reports: “Three Senate Democrats today urged the Federal Reserve to toughen its proposed capital and disclosure requirements on banks that own and invest in physical commodities. “The rule, proposed in September, would particularly affect Goldman Sachs, which along with Morgan Stanley was grandfathered in to being able to extract, transport and store physical commodities, which other banks cannot do.” Read more. DEUTSCHE BANK CONFLICT OF INTEREST — ProPublica’s Jesse Eisinger reports: “If you measure President Donald Trump’s conflicts of interest by the amount of money at stake, or the variety of dicey interactions with government regulators, one dwarfs any other: his relationship with Deutsche Bank. “In recent weeks, Deutsche Bank has scrambled to reach agreements with American regulators over a host of alleged misdeeds. But because the president has not sold his company, the bank remains a central arena for potential conflicts between his family’s business interests and the actions of officials in his administration.” Read more. ** A message from American Bankers Association: When the Durbin Amendment was passed in 2010, retailers pledged that consumers would see the savings. Years later, the truth is out: big box stores have pocketed an extra $42 billion—and, according to a Federal Reserve study, just 1 percent of retailers are passing savings onto customers. Even worse, many consumers lost access to free checking and debit card rewards. Enough with broken promises and consumer harm. It’s time to end this lose-lose for consumers and repeal the Durbin Amendment. www.aba.com/RepealDurbin ** « View Archives Authors: Ben White bwhite@politico.com @morningmoneyben Mary Lee mlee@politico.com About The Author Ben White is POLITICO Pro's chief economic correspondent and author of the “Morning Money” column covering the nexus of finance and public policy. Prior to joining POLITICO in the fall of 2009, Mr. White served as a Wall Street reporter for the New York Times, where he shared a Society of Business Editors and Writers award for breaking news coverage of the financial crisis. From 2005 to 2007, White was Wall Street correspondent and U.S. Banking Editor at the Financial Times. White worked at the Washington Post for nine years before joining the FT. He served as national political researcher and research assistant to columnist David S. Broder and later as Wall Street correspondent. White, a 1994 graduate of Kenyon College, has two sons and lives in New York City. About The Author Mary Lee is a web producer for POLITICO Pro. Most Read The nation’s cartoonists on the week in politics Trump brings up vote fraud again, this time in meeting with senators Pence was told Flynn didn't discuss sanctions, aides say Trump has some awkward exchanges with the Japanese prime minister Trump dumped Abrams over his criticisms during the campaign, sources say Discrepancy in NYT editions prompts Trump rebuke Trump team plans a new executive order CIA freezes out top Flynn aide Trump quotes legal blog to argue travel ban ruling is 'a disgraceful decision' Sidney Blumenthal taken in by Fred Trump campaign ads that appear to be fake Morning Money - POLITICO Archive Friday, 2/10/17 Thursday, 2/9/17 Wednesday, 2/8/17 Tuesday, 2/7/17 Monday, 2/6/17 View the Full Morning Money Archives » Politico Magazine Will the Supreme Court Back Trump? By Richard Primus What Happens When White House Aides Get Too Famous? By Jeff Greenfield Time to Put Rupert Murdoch on Notice By Jack Shafer The Dangerous Link Between Syria and Ukraine By Eerik-Niiles Kross and Molly K. McKew More on POLITICO Core Footer - dropdown links U.S. Edition Europe Edition POLITICO Links News POLITICO Home Magazine 2016 Elections Congress Inauguration 2017 Video POLITICO Pro POLITICO Media POLITICO Florida POLITICO New Jersey POLITICO New York Events Blogs, Columns & Cartoons Roger Simon On Media Josh Gerstein Matt Wuerker Rich Lowry Cartoon Carousel Tipsheets The 2016 Blast Playbook Huddle The Friday Cover Influence Morning Agriculture Morning Cybersecurity Morning Defense Morning Education Morning eHealth Morning Energy Morning Money Morning Score Morning Shift Morning Tax Morning Tech Morning Trade Morning Transportation Pulse Prescription Pulse Policy Agriculture Campaigns Cybersecurity Defense Education eHealth Energy & Environment Finance & Tax Health Care Employment & Immigration Technology Trade Transportation & Infrastructure More Info About Us Advertising Breaking News Alerts Credit Card Payments Digital Edition Employment FAQ Feedback Headlines Photos POWERJobs Press Register Subscriptions RSS/Widgets Site Map Store © 2017 POLITICO LLC Terms of Service Privacy Policy
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy   Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Archrock Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Archrock Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Blackrock Throgmorton Trust PLC (THRG) Increases Dividend to GBX 6.25 Per Share Pattern Energy Group Inc. (PEGI) Stock Rating Lowered by Zacks Investment Research Analysts Issue Forecasts for Akamai Technologies, Inc.’s Q1 2017 Earnings (AKAM) Allergan PLC. (AGN) Forecasted to Post Q1 2017 Earnings of $3.55 Per Share AngioDynamics, Inc. (ANGO) Receives $16.63 Average Target Price from Brokerages Sanatana Resources Inc (STA) Director Peter Leighton Miles Purchases 372,000 Shares of Stock Alexander & Baldwin Holdings, Inc. (ALEX) Director Stanley M. Kuriyama Sells 4,250 Shares Nicholas Financial, Inc. (NICK) Major Shareholder Magnolia Capital Fund, Lp Purchases 19,196 Shares Brokerages Anticipate Air Methods Corporation (AIRM) to Post $0.61 Earnings Per Share Owens Corning Inc (OC) Upgraded to Hold by Zacks Investment Research Avon Products, Inc. (AVP) Forecasted to Post Q1 2017 Earnings of $0.05 Per Share Analysts Offer Predictions for Camden Property Trust’s Q1 2017 Earnings (CPT) Jefferies Group Comments on CenturyLink, Inc.’s Q1 2017 Earnings (CTL) Brokerages Set Computer Programs and Systems, Inc. (CPSI) Price Target at $34.55 Seaport Global Securities Brokers Cut Earnings Estimates for Diamond Offshore Drilling, Inc. (DO) Daniel Kerzner Sells 36,000 Shares of Alarm.com Holdings, Inc. (ALRM) Stock Elissa Fink Sells 5,000 Shares of Tableau Software, Inc. (DATA) Stock Eaton Vance Tax-Managed Global Buy-Write (ETW) to Issue $0.10 Monthly Dividend Fiserv, Inc. to Post Q1 2017 Earnings of $1.18 Per Share, SunTrust Banks Forecasts (FISV) Marriott International (MAR) Receives $83.98 Average Target Price from Brokerages Archrock, Inc. (AROC) Given Consensus Rating of “Hold” by Analysts February 10th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Patrick Bannon Filed Under: Consensus Rating Articles - Finance Tweet Archrock, Inc. (NYSE:AROC) has earned an average recommendation of “Hold” from the sixteen research firms that are currently covering the firm. Eleven investment analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and five have given a buy rating to the company. The average 12 month target price among brokerages that have issued a report on the stock in the last year is $10.82. Several brokerages have recently issued reports on AROC. J P Morgan Chase & Co began coverage on shares of Archrock in a report on Friday, January 6th. They issued a “neutral” rating and a $13.00 target price on the stock. Scotiabank cut shares of Archrock to a “hold” rating in a report on Thursday, December 15th. Finally, Capital One Financial Corporation upgraded shares of Archrock from an “equal weight” rating to an “overweight” rating in a report on Monday, November 14th. Hedge funds have recently made changes to their positions in the company. BlackRock Fund Advisors raised its stake in shares of Archrock by 5.7% in the third quarter. BlackRock Fund Advisors now owns 5,120,956 shares of the company’s stock worth $66,982,000 after buying an additional 277,756 shares during the last quarter. State Street Corp raised its position in shares of Archrock by 8.2% in the fourth quarter. State Street Corp now owns 2,160,468 shares of the company’s stock valued at $28,518,000 after buying an additional 163,066 shares in the last quarter. Harvest Fund Advisors LLC purchased a new position in shares of Archrock during the second quarter valued at approximately $14,732,000. Bank of New York Mellon Corp raised its position in shares of Archrock by 4.8% in the third quarter. Bank of New York Mellon Corp now owns 1,496,130 shares of the company’s stock valued at $19,569,000 after buying an additional 67,971 shares in the last quarter. Finally, JPMorgan Chase & Co. raised its position in shares of Archrock by 50.7% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 1,453,011 shares of the company’s stock valued at $19,005,000 after buying an additional 489,098 shares in the last quarter. 89.18% of the stock is owned by institutional investors. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY NOTICE: This piece of content was reported by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are accessing this piece of content on another site, it was stolen and republished in violation of US & international trademark and copyright law. The original version of this piece of content can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/02/10/archrock-inc-aroc-given-consensus-rating-of-hold-by-analysts.html. Archrock (NYSE:AROC) opened at 15.70 on Friday. The firm’s market cap is $1.08 billion. The stock has a 50 day moving average of $14.54 and a 200-day moving average of $12.62. Archrock has a 12 month low of $3.41 and a 12 month high of $16.00. The firm also recently declared a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Wednesday, February 15th. Investors of record on Wednesday, February 8th will be paid a $0.12 dividend. This represents a $0.48 dividend on an annualized basis and a yield of 3.06%. The ex-dividend date is Monday, February 6th. Archrock’s payout ratio is -30.77%. About Archrock Archrock, Inc, formerly Exterran Holdings, Inc, is a natural gas contract operations services company. The Company also provides natural gas compression services to customers in the oil and natural gas industry throughout the United States and supplies aftermarket services to customers that own compression equipment in the United States. Receive News & Ratings for Archrock Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Archrock Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News White House Announces Conway Was Counseled Warren Receives Support After GOP Formally Silences Her Report: Trump Was Not Completely Briefed on Bannon NSC Seat Justice Department Will Challenge Stop to Travel Ban President Trump Cancels Harley-Davidson Trip Due to Possible Protests © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Toggle navigation Toggle navigation Home Samachar News Budget 2017 SPORTS Movies Bawarchi Astrology Videos Gold rates DUBAI GOLD RATES RUPEE Jobs Health Antzill Techtalk Web Sify Search Sify.com Finance Equity US STOCKS-Futures edge up after Wall St hits record high US STOCKS-Futures edge up after Wall St hits record high Source : Last Updated: Fri, Feb 10, 2017 18:20 hrs Tweet Mail Print * Futures up: Dow 21 pts, S&P 1.25 pts, Nasdaq 5 pts By Yashaswini Swamynathan Feb 10 (Reuters) - U.S. stock index futures were slightly higher on Friday, a day after Wall Street hit record high on President Donald Trump's promise to unveil a tax reform plan in the coming weeks. * Trump called the tax plan as "phenomenal", but offered no specifics other than citing the need to lower tax burden on businesses. * The news helped reignite a post-election rally, which had stalled in recent weeks on concerns over Trump's protectionist stance and the lack of clarity on his policies. * In a setback to Trump, a U.S. appeals court refused to reinstate his most controversial executive order to temporarily ban people from seven Muslim-majority countries from entering the United States. * Jeb Hensarling, the Republican chairman of a key House of Representatives committee, laid out his plan to roll back Wall Street and consumer protection rules, which were put in place after the 2008 financial crisis, according to a staff memo seen by Reuters on Thursday. * Banks, including Morgan Stanley, Bank of America and JPMorgan, were up in premarket trading on Friday. * A University of Michigan report is likely to show that its consumer sentiment index slipped to 97.9 in February from 98.5 last month. The data is due at 10:00 a.m. ET (1700 GMT). * Shares of Activision Blizzard rose 8.7 percent after the videogame maker reported better-than-expected quarterly revenue and a $1 billion share buyback program. * Mead Johnson was up 5 percent after Reckitt Benckiser finalised a $16.6 billion deal to buy the infant formula maker. * Skechers USA was up 11.2 percent in light trading after its fourth-quarter revenue beat expectations. Futures snapshot at 6:53 a.m. EDT: * Dow e-minis were up 21 points, or 0.1 percent, with 18,676 contracts changing hands. * S&P 500 e-minis were up 1.25 points, or 0.05 percent, with 81,582 contracts traded. * Nasdaq 100 e-minis were up 5 points, or 0.1 percent, on volume of 16,878 contracts. (Reporting by Yashaswini Swamynathan in Bengaluru; Editing by Anil D'Silva) SEARCH More from Sify: gold rate silver rate   Cities   Price (10g)   Gold Rate in Chennai   Rs. 28120.00 (-0.46%)   Gold Rate in Mumbai   Rs. 28830.00 (0.8%)   Gold Rate in Delhi   Rs. 28700.00 (0.35%)   Gold Rate in Kolkata   Rs. 28440.00 (-0.59%)   Gold Rate in Kerala   Rs. 27600.00 (-0.36%)   Gold Rate in Bangalore   Rs. 27750.00 (0%)   Gold Rate in Hyderabad   Rs. 28250.00 (-0.07%) more   Cities   Price (1 kg)   Silver Rate in Chennai   Rs. 41835.00 (-0.7%)   Silver Rate in Mumbai   Rs. 41835.00 (-0.7%)   Silver Rate in Delhi   Rs. 41835.00 (-0.7%)   Silver Rate in Kolkata   Rs. 41835.00 (-0.7%)   Silver Rate in Kerala   Rs. 41835.00 (-0.7%) more talking point on sify finance About Us Data Center Cloud Computing Servers Cloud Applications Hosting MPLS VPN Network Services Disclaimer Privacy Policy Careers Feedback Advertise Digital © Copyright Sify Technologies Ltd, 1998-2017. All rights reserved
Sputnik International all editions Log inRegisterLog out13:10 GMT +311 February 2017 Home World Politics Business Opinion Life Tech Radio Multimedia Cartoons Blogs Europe US Russia Latin America Middle East Asia & Pacific Africa As If Brave New World By Any Means Necessary Context Countdown Connecting The Pieces Double Down Hard Facts Level Talk Loud & Clear The BradСast Thom Hartmann Program Trendstorm World In Focus Photo Video Infographics Live Search Corporate America Cheers as Trump Reaffirms Tax Reform in the Making © Flickr/ Gregg Brekke Business 15:26 10.02.2017(updated 15:36 10.02.2017) Get short URL 0 316472 Donald Trump reiterated his commitment to cut taxes and reshuffle the entire US tax system 'within two or three weeks', rendering stock and energy investors ecstatic as they are eyeing greater corporate revenues and higher fuel costs as prospect money-making opportunities. © REUTERS/ Brendan McDermid How Trumponomics Will Affect the Global Economy in 2017Kristian Rouz – US President Donald Trump announced his "phenomenal" plan to refurbish and simplify the US fiscal system on Thursday, rendering investors more optimistic of the economy's private sector performance. The announcement pushed more volatile assets, such as stocks and commodities, higher, while governmental bonds slumped, reflecting the loss of investor interest to safe havens. As corporate America is eyeing a looming return to money-making from the staggering redistribution of wealth in the past eight years, there are, however, certain economic implications both in the US and overseas stemming from Trump's ambitious fiscal endeavor. The idea behind Trump's tax reform is quite simple at first glance: lower the taxes at home and hike protectionist customs tariffs (or border tax), resulting in tax relief for US businesses, while multinational enterprises would make up for the loss of US budget revenues with their money. "[We are] lowering the overall tax burden of American businesses, big league," Trump said. "We're going to be announcing something I would say over the two or three weeks that will be phenomenal in terms of tax." No further details have been announced thus far, yet the markets responded with an explicit anticipation of greater business confidence, piling up cash in equity and commodities: oil prices are going up should Trump cut the taxes on a "big league" scale. "The outlook for the US is quite positive and that's pretty good for the US and for equity markets globally," Michael Bell of JPMorgan Asset Management said in his Bloomberg TV interview on Friday. "Imagine you get a corporate tax cut down to around 20pc compared with the average of about 35pc at the moment, that has a hugely positive impact on earnings." Indeed, higher earnings expectations, aside of making corporate investors happy, will also push business investment and reinvestment higher, which is particularly important after years of dismal private-sector capital allocation in the means of production. That means higher energy prices – specifically so, as OPEC is surprisingly delivering on its production cap agreements. © Flickr/ frankieleon Iran Prepares to Ditch Dollar in International TradeHigher business confidence also gains support from the ever-strengthening reflation expectations: as US prices are bound to go up with levels of imports slashed by the looming protectionist border tax, American consumers are likely to hurry making their purchases. An acceleration in core prices index typically sends more consumers to shops. Given some 72pc of the US GDP is driven by domestic consumption, growth projections are currently rather more optimistic than only six months ago, when many observers had expected a full-blown US recession to unravel in the first half of this year. Meanwhile, analysts from Goldman Sachs said the protectionist customs tariffs, yet to be announced by Trump, would dramatically reshape the global energy trade. "The decline in US LNG (liquefied natural gas) export prices post-tax credit would drive global LNG demand higher, in our view, reversing the loss of volumes that the greater decline in coal vs. foreign LNG costs had initially created," Damien Courvalin of Goldman said in the note. "On our estimate, this would leave global LNG demand unchanged pre- and post- a border tax adjustment." Whilst the US companies will seek to increase their energy exports, resulting in higher domestic fuel prices, the acceleration in US inflation and higher base interest rates will push the US economic growth higher. At the same time, international energy producers will seek to capitalise on trade deals the Trump administration would likely put on the table, so they could get access to the US energy consumers: America will still have to import energy, and restricting access to its domestic market will make it a desired prise in the perception on international producers. This is why energy stocks rallied on Trump's tax announcement despite the allegations international oil prices might tumble due to America's protectionism. As the economic growth is poised to gain momentum, private sector enterprises across most market segments are eyeing greater revenues. Yet, there might be some deviations from this basic layout when Trump gets to his tax reform in practice, meaning it is rather hard to predict how it will eventually play out. ... Reddit Google+ Blogger Pinterest StumbleUpon Telegram WhatsApp 72 Related: Trump Says Americans Can Expect Tax Cut in 2017 Trump’s Import Tax Likely to Disrupt US Supply Chain, Increase Production Costs Trump Wants 20% Import Tax to Pay for Wall With Mexico Tags: big corporations, corporate tax rates, OPEC, Bloomberg TV, JP Morgan, Goldman Sachs, Donald Trump, United States TrackDo not trackCommunity standardsDiscussion Comment via FacebookComment via Sputnik Сomment Add Comment Thank you! Your comment will be reviewed by the moderator for compliance with the Rules Add more All comments Show new comments (0) Сomment Reply in reply to(Show commentHide comment) | | Edit | Delete Save Thank you! Your comment will be reviewed by the moderator for compliance with the Rules News Latest Most Read Most Discussed 12:43US Software Company Reopens Lawsuit Against Google Over Android System 12:38Reports on Dire State of UK Subs 'Looks Like Campaign to Get More Funding' 12:29Taiwan Vows to Shoot Down Any Drones Entering Territory of Airports 11:49Morocco Expects Russian Prime Minister to Pay Official Visit in 2017 11:38'NATO Europe' Feeling Pretty Comfy Under America's Security WingAll news Explosion Hits Nuclear Power Plant in France, Injuries Reported 10459 India Shuts Down Gates Foundation Program Over Ties to Big Pharma 7167 US' Bill on Info War Against Russia Has Soros' Fingerprints All Over It 6660 Kremlin Confirms Accidental Russian Airstrike Kills Turkish Soldiers in Syria 6380 'Response to NATO': What Forced Russia to Conduct Snap Check of Aerospace Forces 6300All news US' Bill on Info War Against Russia Has Soros' Fingerprints All Over It 41 Americans Want 'Mom-in-Chief' Michelle Obama to Become US President in 2020 36 US May Designate Iran’s Revolutionary Guard a Terrorist Group 35 US Senators Introduce Bill Requiring Approval for Lifting Anti-Russia Sanctions 35 Kremlin Confirms Accidental Russian Airstrike Kills Turkish Soldiers in Syria 29All news Multimedia Photo Cartoons Infographics This Week in Pictures Dead in the Water How the EU Has Chaged News from dashboard.idealmedia.com Follow us Facebook Twitter SputnikNews @SputnikInt News Home World Europe US Russia Latin America Middle East Asia & Pacific AfricaPolitics Business Military & Intelligence Society Tech Environment LifeSport Analysis & Opinion Opinion Columnists Interviews Blogs Multimedia Photo Infographics Cartoons Video Radio Shows In Depth Sputnik About Us Press Info Products Apps Terms of Use Contact Us © 2017 Sputnik. All rights reserved Register E-mail: Screen Name: Password: Confirm password: Please type the code Log inPrivacy Policy By clicking 'Register', you confirm that you agree to our Privacy Policy and give your consent to the processing of personal data in accordance with the Privacy Policy Register* All fields are required Please confirm your e-mail to continue. Confirmation instructions have been sent to Ok Password recovery Enter e-mail Please type the code Restore Log inPrivacy Policy Success! Instructions to recover your password have been sent to Ok Registration Do you have a Sputniknews.com account? YesNo Registration Hello, ! E-mail: Password: Remember me Sign in I do not have a Sputniknews.com account RegisterForgot your password?Privacy Policy Ok Registration Hello, ! E-mail: Screen Name: Next Log in I have a Sputniknews.com account Ok Delete account Are you sure you want to delete your Sputniknews.com account? YesNo Your account has been deleted! You can restore your account within 30 days by following the link sent to the e-mail address you entered during registration. Close Community standards The fact of registration and authorization of users on Sputnik websites via users’ account or accounts on social networks indicates acceptance of these rules. Users are obliged abide by national and international laws. Users are obliged to speak respectfully to the other participants in the discussion, readers and individuals referenced in the posts. The websites’ administration has the right to delete comments made in languages ​​other than the language of the majority of the websites’ content. In all language versions of the sputniknews.com websites any comments posted can be edited. A user comment will be deleted if it: does not correspond with the subject of the post; promotes hatred and discrimination on racial, ethnic, sexual, religious or social basis or violates the rights of minorities; violates the rights of minors, causing them harm in any form, including moral damage; contains ideas of extremist nature or calls for other illegal activities; contains insults, threats to other users, individuals or specific organizations, denigrates dignity or undermines business reputations; contains insults or messages expressing disrespect to Sputnik; violates privacy, distributes personal data of third parties without their consent or violates privacy of correspondence; describes or references scenes of violence, cruelty to animals; contains information about methods of suicide, incites to commit suicide; pursues commercial objectives, contains improper advertising, unlawful political advertisement or links to other online resources containing such information; promotes products or services of third parties without proper authorization; contains offensive language or profanity and its derivatives, as well as hints of the use of lexical items falling within this definition; contains spam, advertises spamming, mass mailing services and promotes get-rich-quick schemes; promotes the use of narcotic / psychotropic substances, provides information on their production and use; contains links to viruses and malicious software; is part of an organized action involving large volumes of comments with identical or similar content ("flash mob"); “floods” the discussion thread with a large number of incoherent or irrelevant messages; violates etiquette, exhibiting any form of aggressive, humiliating or abusive behavior ("trolling"); doesn’t follow standard rules of the English language, for example, is typed fully or mostly in capital letters or isn’t broken down into sentences. The administration has the right to block a user’s access to the page or delete a user’s account without notice if the user is in violation of these rules or if behavior indicating said violation is detected. Users can initiate the recovery of their account / unlock access by contacting the moderators at moderator@sputniknews.com The letter must contain: Subject - the restoration of account / unlock access User ID An explanation of the actions which were in violation of the rules above and resulted in the lock. If the moderators deem it possible to restore the account / unlock access, it will be done. In the case of repeated violations of the rules above resulting in a second block of a user’s account, access cannot be restored. To contact the team of moderators, write to moderator@sputniknews.com Log in E-mail: Password: Remember me Sign in RegisterForgot your password?Privacy Policy Other ways to sign in: Ok
WSJ WSJ LIVE WSJ Live on Facebook WSJ Live on Twitter MARKETWATCH MarketWatch on Facebook MarketWatch on Twitter BARRON'S <h4>Barrons on Facebook</h4><div style="border: none; padding: 2px 3px;" class="fb-like" data-href="http://www.facebook.com/barronsonline" data-send="false" data-layout="button_count" data-width="250" data-show-faces="false" data-action="recommend"></div> <h4>Barrons on Twitter</h4><a href="https://twitter.com/barronsonline" class="twitter-follow-button" data-show-count="true">Follow @barronsonline</a> DJX Product X on Facebook Product X on Twitter RT F R&C PE&VC WSJ B MORE Mansion Global WSJ Secure BigCharts Financial News Professor Journal Realtor.com Student Journal Virtual Stock Exchange WSJ Classifieds WSJ Classrooms WSJ Wine Search Asia Edition U.S. Edition   Subscribe Log In Home Magazine This Week's Edition Past Editions New: Cartoons Daily All Coverage Barron's Take Weekday Trader Up & Down Wall St. Daily Getting Technical Striking Price Daily Wall Street's Best Minds Read This, Spike That Stocks to Watch Today Asia Stocks to Watch Income Investing Tech Trader Daily Focus on Funds Emerging Markets Q&A Video Center Investing Ideas Overview Barron's Picks & Pans Mutual Funds / ETFs Hedge Funds Stocks Center Commodities Center Bonds Center Options Center Barron's Take Weekday Trader Stock Alert Inside Scoop Ahead of the Crowd Focus on Funds Stocks to Watch Today Barron's Roundtable Advisor Center Overview Top 100 Advisors Top 100 Women Advisors Top 100 Independent Advisors Top 1,200 Advisors Advisor Profiles Market Data Market Data Center Market Lab Economic Calendar Watchlist Stock Grader Stock & Fund Tables Barron's 400 PENTA Penta Magazine Penta Daily Penta Archives Barron's NEXT Ahead of the Crowd 12 Stocks to Benefit Most From the House Tax Plan Big corporate tax changes proposed by the House of Representatives would significantly help these firms. By Jack Hough Biography Feb. 10, 2017 5:54 a.m. ET Regeneron Pharmaceuticals stock (ticker: REGN) is down 4% since Election Day. Yet it popped up in a recent screen for companies poised to benefit from sweeping corporate tax changes proposed by the U.S. House of Representatives. (And Regeneron shares popped Thursday.) On the other hand, Deere (DE) is up 22% over that stretch, yet it screens as a company that could get pinched by the new tax plan. It’s early to speculate on precisely how corporate taxes will change. But Donald Trump is reportedly warming to a House plan... Get The Full Story Subscribe   or   Log In Want to participate in the discussion? Already a subscriber? Log in for complete access. Powered by Livefyre Most Popular 1. What’s Apple to Do with $246 Billion in Cash? Subscriber Content Read Preview 2. 12 Stocks to Benefit Most From the House Tax Plan Subscriber Content Read Preview 3. Why You Want to Own Tesla Now Subscriber Content Read Preview 4. The One Thing You Have that Warren Buffett Doesn’t Subscriber Content Read Preview 5. Forget India, the New Big Thing Is Right Next Door Subscriber Content Read Preview See Full List Latest Market Videos 1 Barron's Buzz: The Best Fund Families of 2016 2 Is Under Armour Asking for a Backlash? 3 Twitter Posts 10th Straight Quarter of Lower Revenue Barron's Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn YouTube RSS Feed AppStore Google Play Return to Top« Customer Service Customer Center Contact Us Live Help Refer Your Friends to Barron's and Get Rewarded. Learn More Create an Account Subscribe to Barron's Magazine Subscribers: Activate Your Digital Access About Barrons.com Advertising Masthead Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Data Policy Copyright Policy Subscriber Agreement & Terms of Use Your Ad Choices Community Guidelines Also From Barron's Conferences Reprints Classifieds College Program Find a Broker Barron's in Japanese Tools & Services Mobile Site Email Newsletters Barron's on iPad/iPhone Barron's on Android Watchlist Video Annual Reports StockGrader Barron's 400 Economic Calendar Stock & Mutual Fund Listings Commodities, Options & Annuities Listings Fund Prospectuses ACAP Enabled Copyright ©2017 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
SUBSCRIBE NOWto get home delivery News Sports Life Money Tech Travel Opinion Weather Icon Humidity Precip. Winds Open settings Settings Enter City, State or Zip Cancel Set Close settingsFull Forecast Crosswords Washington Video Stocks Apps Best-Selling Books Classifieds College Corrections Interactives Newsletters Photo Galleries Scores Newsstand Podcasts Investigations Policing the USA More News Sports Life Money Tech Travel Opinion Weather Crosswords Washington Video Stocks Apps Best-Selling Books Classifieds College Corrections Interactives Newsletters Photo Galleries Scores Newsstand Podcasts Investigations Policing the USA Lightpost Search Firefly Hi Already a subscriber?Sign In Subscribe to USA TODAYSubscribe Now Already a print edition subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. Manage your account settings.My Account Log Out Get the newsLog In or Subscribe to skip Sign in with FacebookSign in with GoogleSign in FAQ 2 Share This Story! Let friends in your social network know what you are reading about FacebookEmailTwitterGoogle+LinkedInPinterest A Foolish Take: The world’s most valuable bank brand … is now In China The drop in Wells Fargo’s estimated brand value paved the way for a Chinese bank to be crowned the world’s most valuable bank brand. Post to Facebook A Foolish Take: The world’s most valuable bank brand … is now In China The drop in Wells Fargo’s estimated brand value paved the way for a Chinese bank to be crowned the world’s most valuable bank brand.  Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/2ktwDFw {# #} CancelSend Sent! A link has been sent to your friend's email address. Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. Join the Nation's Conversation To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs A Foolish Take: The world’s most valuable bank brand … is now In China John Maxfield, The Motley Fool 6:30 a.m. ET Feb. 10, 2017 The drop in Wells Fargo’s estimated brand value paved the way for a Chinese bank to be crowned the world’s most valuable bank brand. A sign is seen outside the headquarters of the Industrial and Commercial Bank of China in Beijing. (Photo: GREG BAKER, AP) 2 CONNECTTWEETLINKEDINCOMMENTEMAILMORE At different times throughout history, public sentiment has turned against America's biggest banks. Big banks are dangerous and must be broken up, many people believe. At the very least, they shouldn't be allowed to get any larger. But the problem with this argument is that by throttling the growth of American banks, the summit of global finance is ceded to institutions in other countries. In fact, the biggest bank in China, the Industrial and Commercial Bank of China, or ICBC, is already roughly a third larger than the biggest bank in the United States, JPMorgan Chase, when measured by the size of their balance sheets. And it's not just rote size where U.S. banks have begun to lag behind their counterparts in the East Asian country. The same is true when it comes to brand value. ICBC is now the world's most valuable bank brand, says BrandFinance. Problems at Wells Fargo over the past year -- it was caught opening as many as two million fake accounts for customers -- caused the California-based bank to fall from the top spot last year. When the White House talks about the importance of enabling American financial companies to compete more effectively with firms abroad, as the President did in a recent executive order targeting the Dodd-Frank Act, these trends are probably what he and his team have in mind. ICBC is now the world's most valuable bank brand, says BrandFinance.  (Photo: handout) John Maxfield owns shares of Wells Fargo. The Motley Fool has no position in any of the stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. The Motley Fool is a USA TODAY content partner offering financial news, analysis and commentary designed to help people take control of their financial lives. Its content is produced independently of USA TODAY. Offer from the Motley Fool: Offer from the Motley Fool: The 10 best stocks to buy now Motley Fool co-founders Tom and David Gardner have spent more than a decade beating the market. In fact, the newsletter they run, Motley Fool Stock Advisor, has tripled the S&P 500!* Tom and David just revealed their ten top stock picks for investors to buy right now. Click here to get access to the full list! *Stock Advisor returns as of 1/30/2017 2 CONNECTTWEETLINKEDINCOMMENTEMAILMORE Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/2ktwDFw NEVER MISS OUT Managing Your Money Master your money with the latest business and investment news, articles and tips from financial experts each Friday. Privacy Notice THANKS FOR SIGNING UP FOR THE Managing Your Money NEWSLETTER We're sorry. something went wrong. Please try again soon, or contact Customer Service at 1-800-872-0001Sign up for more Newsletters
Contact Us Journalists Blog Log In Sign Up Send a Release News Solutions Resources Search News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News dansk Deutsch español Français italiano Nederlands norsk português suomeksi svenska Managed Security Service Market Worth 33.68 Billion USD by 2021 News provided by MarketsandMarkets Feb 10, 2017, 06:30 ET Share this article PUNE, India, February 10, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- According to a new market research report "Managed Security Service Market by Services, Deployment Type (Hosted or Cloud, Hybrid Cloud, and On-Premises), Organization Size (SMES and Enterprises), Vertical, and Region - Global Forecast to 2021", published by MarketsandMarkets, the market size is estimated to grow from USD 17.02 Billion in 2016 to USD 33.68 Billion by 2021, at a Compound Annual Growth Rate (CAGR) of 14.6% during the forecast period. Continue Reading MarketsandMarkets Logo      (Logo: http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20160303/792302 ) Browse 64 market data Tables and 50 Figures spread through 151 Pages and in-depth TOC on "Managed Security Service Market" http://www.marketsandmarkets.com/Market-Reports/managed-security-services-market-5918403.html Early buyers will receive 10% customization on this report. The major forces driving this market are theft to intellectual property, proliferation of mobile devices, and increase in the mobile workforce. With an increase in the adoption rates of managed security services among Small and Medium Enterprises (SMEs), the Managed Security Service Market is expected to gain the major traction during the forecast period. "Rapid adoption of managed security service due to a strong and well-established economy makes North America the largest market in terms of global share"  The North American region consists of developed economies that have a deep-rooted infrastructure, thus favoring the huge demand in Managed Security Service Market. The Managed Security Service Market is expected to rise significantly due to the increasing demand for mobile workforce and proliferation of mobile devices driven by the emergence of digital technologies. Request for Report Brochure: http://www.marketsandmarkets.com/pdfdownload.asp?id=5918403 "The BFSI vertical for managed security service is expected to hold the largest market size during the forecast period"  The Banking, Financial Services, and Insurance (BFSI) vertical, has witnessed rapid changes in consumer behavior, where consumers are using bank applications across various platform making the vertical highly susceptible to attacks. Robust security has been the highest priority for the BFSI vertical. Cyber-attacks on the BFSI vertical has been witnessed continually since the past years. For instance, in July 2014, cyberattack on JPMorgan Chase compromised the accounts of 76 million households and seven million small businesses. Furthermore, in the same year, the European Central Bank (ECB) has had its website hacked, with sensitive personal information including email addresses and contact data being stolen. "The SME segment for managed security service is expected to grow at the highest CAGR during the forecast period"  The SMEs segment is expected to grow at the highest CAGR in the Managed Security Service Market during the forecast period. Budgetary constraints coupled with need of advanced security solutions are the major factor responsible for SMEs to grow at the highest CAGR during the forecast period. Hence, security issues might be more problematic for SMEs than large enterprises. Threats such as viruses, malware, and phishing attacks might plague SMEs. Inquiry Before Buying: http://www.marketsandmarkets.com/Enquiry_Before_Buying.asp?id=5918403 The major vendors in the Managed Security Service Market include IBM Corporation (U.S.), Hewlett Packard Enterprise Company (U.S.), Verizon Communications, Inc. (U.S.), AT&T, Inc. (U.S.), Symantec Corporation (U.S.), Fortinet, Inc. (U.S.), Solutionary, Inc. (U.S.), SecureWorks, Inc. (U.S.), CSC (U.S.), CenturyLink, Inc. (U.S.), Trustwave Holdings, Inc. (U.S.), and Rapid7, Inc. (U.S.). Browse Related Report  Security Information and Event Management Market by Solutions (Log and Event Management, Firewall Security Management, Patch Management, Others) - Market Forecasts and Analysis (2014-2019) http://www.marketsandmarkets.com/Market-Reports/security-information-event-management-market-183343191.html Cyber Security Market by Solutions (IAM, Encryption, DLP, UTM, Antivirus/Antimalware, Firewall, IDS/IPS, Disaster Recovery), Services, Security Type, Deployment Mode, Organization Size, Vertical & Region - Global Forecast to 2021 http://www.marketsandmarkets.com/Market-Reports/cyber-security-market-505.html Know more about our Knowledge Store @ http://www.marketsandmarkets.com/Knowledgestore.asp About MarketsandMarkets   MarketsandMarkets is the largest market research firm worldwide in terms of annually published premium market research reports. Serving 1700 global fortune enterprises with more than 1200 premium studies in a year, M&M is catering to a multitude of clients across 8 different industrial verticals. We specialize in consulting assignments and business research across high growth markets, cutting edge technologies and newer applications. Our 850 fulltime analyst and SMEs at MarketsandMarkets are tracking global high growth markets following the "Growth Engagement Model - GEM". The GEM aims at proactive collaboration with the clients to identify new opportunities, identify most important customers, write "Attack, avoid and defend" strategies, identify sources of incremental revenues for both the company and its competitors. M&M's flagship competitive intelligence and market research platform, "RT" connects over 200,000 markets and entire value chains for deeper understanding of the unmet insights along with market sizing and forecasts of niche markets. The new included chapters on Methodology and Benchmarking presented with high quality analytical infographics in our reports gives complete visibility of how the numbers have been arrived and defend the accuracy of the numbers. We at MarketsandMarkets are inspired to help our clients grow by providing apt business insight with our huge market intelligence repository. Contact: Mr. Rohan MarketsandMarkets 701 Pike Street Suite 2175, Seattle, WA 98101, United States Tel: 1-888-600-6441 Email: sales@marketsandmarkets.com Visit MarketsandMarkets Blog @ http://www.marketsandmarketsblog.com/market-reports/telecom-it Connect us on LinkedIn @ http://www.linkedin.com/company/marketsandmarkets SOURCE MarketsandMarkets Feb 10, 2017, 08:30 ET Preview: Top 10 High Growth Paints & Coatings Market Worth 190.51 Billion USD by 2021 Feb 10, 2017, 04:42 ET Preview: CORRECTION - MarketsandMarkets: Key Trends for Semiconductors and Electronics Indicate an Exciting Future My News Release contains wide tables. View fullscreen. Also from this source Feb 10, 2017, 11:30 ETAerospace Interior Adhesive Market Worth 1,101.7 Million USD by... Feb 10, 2017, 10:30 ETFood Thickeners Market Worth 15.80 Billion USD by 2022 Explore More news releases in similar topics High Tech Security Computer Electronics Computer Software Networks Surveys, Polls and Research You just read: Managed Security Service Market Worth 33.68 Billion USD by 2021 News provided by MarketsandMarkets Feb 10, 2017, 06:30 ET Share this article Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire? Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform. Sign up to get started Request more information Have an account? Log In Phone 8AM - 10PM ET +1-888-776-0942 Send a Release Sign Up Blog For Journalists Contact Us Search Searching for your content... Advanced Search Contact PR Newswire 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Chat Online with an Expert Contact Us General Inquiries Request a Demo Editorial Bureaus Partnerships Media Inquiries Worldwide Offices Solutions Cision Communications Cloud™ For Marketers For Public Relations For IR & Compliance For Agency For Small Business All Products About About PR Newswire About Cision Become a Publishing Partner Become a Channel Partner Careers   Global Sites Asia Brazil Canada Europe Finland France India Israel Mexico Middle East Netherlands Sweden United Kingdom My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Terms of Use Privacy Policy Information Security Policy Statement Site Map RSS Feeds Copyright © 2017 PR Newswire Association LLC. All Rights Reserved. A Cision company. News Solutions Resources News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News dansk Deutsch español Français italiano Nederlands norsk português suomeksi svenska Phone +1-888-776-0942 8AM - 10PM ET Chat Chat Online with an Expert All contact info Send a ReleaseLog In
Regulatory News Search Search Products & Services    News Releases Close Send a release Become a client For journalists Global sites Asia Brazil Canada Finland France India Israel Mexico Netherlands Sweden United States See more news releases in High Tech Security | Computer Electronics | Computer Software | Networks | Surveys, Polls and Research Managed Security Service Market Worth 33.68 Billion USD by 2021 Download image PUNE, India, February 10, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- According to a new market research report "Managed Security Service Market by Services, Deployment Type (Hosted or Cloud, Hybrid Cloud, and On-Premises), Organization Size (SMES and Enterprises), Vertical, and Region - Global Forecast to 2021", published by MarketsandMarkets, the market size is estimated to grow from USD 17.02 Billion in 2016 to USD 33.68 Billion by 2021, at a Compound Annual Growth Rate (CAGR) of 14.6% during the forecast period.      (Logo: http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20160303/792302 ) Browse 64 market data Tables and 50 Figures spread through 151 Pages and in-depth TOC on "Managed Security Service Market" http://www.marketsandmarkets.com/Market-Reports/managed-security-services-market-5918403.html Early buyers will receive 10% customization on this report. The major forces driving this market are theft to intellectual property, proliferation of mobile devices, and increase in the mobile workforce. With an increase in the adoption rates of managed security services among Small and Medium Enterprises (SMEs), the Managed Security Service Market is expected to gain the major traction during the forecast period. "Rapid adoption of managed security service due to a strong and well-established economy makes North America the largest market in terms of global share"  The North American region consists of developed economies that have a deep-rooted infrastructure, thus favoring the huge demand in Managed Security Service Market. The Managed Security Service Market is expected to rise significantly due to the increasing demand for mobile workforce and proliferation of mobile devices driven by the emergence of digital technologies. Request for Report Brochure: http://www.marketsandmarkets.com/pdfdownload.asp?id=5918403 "The BFSI vertical for managed security service is expected to hold the largest market size during the forecast period"  The Banking, Financial Services, and Insurance (BFSI) vertical, has witnessed rapid changes in consumer behavior, where consumers are using bank applications across various platform making the vertical highly susceptible to attacks. Robust security has been the highest priority for the BFSI vertical. Cyber-attacks on the BFSI vertical has been witnessed continually since the past years. For instance, in July 2014, cyberattack on JPMorgan Chase compromised the accounts of 76 million households and seven million small businesses. Furthermore, in the same year, the European Central Bank (ECB) has had its website hacked, with sensitive personal information including email addresses and contact data being stolen. "The SME segment for managed security service is expected to grow at the highest CAGR during the forecast period"  The SMEs segment is expected to grow at the highest CAGR in the Managed Security Service Market during the forecast period. Budgetary constraints coupled with need of advanced security solutions are the major factor responsible for SMEs to grow at the highest CAGR during the forecast period. Hence, security issues might be more problematic for SMEs than large enterprises. Threats such as viruses, malware, and phishing attacks might plague SMEs. Inquiry Before Buying: http://www.marketsandmarkets.com/Enquiry_Before_Buying.asp?id=5918403 The major vendors in the Managed Security Service Market include IBM Corporation (U.S.), Hewlett Packard Enterprise Company (U.S.), Verizon Communications, Inc. (U.S.), AT&T, Inc. (U.S.), Symantec Corporation (U.S.), Fortinet, Inc. (U.S.), Solutionary, Inc. (U.S.), SecureWorks, Inc. (U.S.), CSC (U.S.), CenturyLink, Inc. (U.S.), Trustwave Holdings, Inc. (U.S.), and Rapid7, Inc. (U.S.). Browse Related Report  Security Information and Event Management Market by Solutions (Log and Event Management, Firewall Security Management, Patch Management, Others) - Market Forecasts and Analysis (2014-2019) http://www.marketsandmarkets.com/Market-Reports/security-information-event-management-market-183343191.html Cyber Security Market by Solutions (IAM, Encryption, DLP, UTM, Antivirus/Antimalware, Firewall, IDS/IPS, Disaster Recovery), Services, Security Type, Deployment Mode, Organization Size, Vertical & Region - Global Forecast to 2021 http://www.marketsandmarkets.com/Market-Reports/cyber-security-market-505.html Know more about our Knowledge Store @ http://www.marketsandmarkets.com/Knowledgestore.asp About MarketsandMarkets   MarketsandMarkets is the largest market research firm worldwide in terms of annually published premium market research reports. Serving 1700 global fortune enterprises with more than 1200 premium studies in a year, M&M is catering to a multitude of clients across 8 different industrial verticals. We specialize in consulting assignments and business research across high growth markets, cutting edge technologies and newer applications. Our 850 fulltime analyst and SMEs at MarketsandMarkets are tracking global high growth markets following the "Growth Engagement Model - GEM". The GEM aims at proactive collaboration with the clients to identify new opportunities, identify most important customers, write "Attack, avoid and defend" strategies, identify sources of incremental revenues for both the company and its competitors. M&M's flagship competitive intelligence and market research platform, "RT" connects over 200,000 markets and entire value chains for deeper understanding of the unmet insights along with market sizing and forecasts of niche markets. The new included chapters on Methodology and Benchmarking presented with high quality analytical infographics in our reports gives complete visibility of how the numbers have been arrived and defend the accuracy of the numbers. We at MarketsandMarkets are inspired to help our clients grow by providing apt business insight with our huge market intelligence repository. Contact: Mr. Rohan MarketsandMarkets 701 Pike Street Suite 2175, Seattle, WA 98101, United States Tel: 1-888-600-6441 Email: sales@marketsandmarkets.com Visit MarketsandMarkets Blog @ http://www.marketsandmarketsblog.com/market-reports/telecom-it Connect us on LinkedIn @ http://www.linkedin.com/company/marketsandmarkets SOURCE MarketsandMarkets More by this Source Aerospace Interior Adhesive Market Worth 1,101.7 Million USD by 2021 10 Feb, 2017, 16:30 GMT Food Thickeners Market Worth 15.80 Billion USD by 2022 10 Feb, 2017, 15:30 GMT DDoS Protection and Mitigation Market Worth 2,162.9 Million USD by 2021 10 Feb, 2017, 15:00 GMT View all news by MarketsandMarkets Journalists and Bloggers Visit PR Newswire for Journalists for releases, photos and customised feeds just for media. View and download archived video content distributed by MultiVu on The Digital Center. Next in High Tech Security News   Get content for your website Enhance your website's or blog's content with PR Newswire's customised real-time news feeds. Start today.       Contact PR Newswire Send us an email at MarketingUK@prnewswire.co.uk or call us at +44 (0)20 7454 5382       Become a PR Newswire client Request more information about PR Newswire products & services or call us at +44 (0)20 7454 5382     Products & Services Knowledge Centre Browse News Releases Meet the Media Contact PR Newswire About PR Newswire Contact PR Newswire PR Newswire's Terms of Use Apply Privacy and Cookie Policy Site Map RSS Feeds Blog Copyright © 2017 PR Newswire Association LLC. All Rights Reserved. A Cisioncompany. Powered by Clickability.
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy   Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Newell Brands Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Newell Brands Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Investec Asset Management North America Inc. Sells 110,751 Shares of Ambev S.A. (ABEV) Cosan Limited (CZZ) Stake Cut by Investec Asset Management North America Inc. NetEase, Inc. (NTES) Position Held by Investec Asset Management North America Inc. Investec Asset Management North America Inc. Has $7,958,000 Position in Mednax, Inc (MD) Investec Asset Management North America Inc. Raises Stake in Enersis Americas S.A. (ENIA) TCW Group Inc. Purchases 236,111 Shares of Jones Lang LaSalle Incorporated (JLL) TCW Group Inc. Decreases Stake in Seagate Technology PLC (STX) athenahealth, Inc. (ATHN) Shares Sold by TCW Group Inc. TCW Group Inc. Buys 129,166 Shares of EnPro Industries (NPO) Blockhouse Capital Management LP Acquires Shares of 35,000 T-Mobile US, Inc. (TMUS) Baird Financial Group Inc. Has $40,518,000 Stake in Veeva Systems Inc. (VEEV) Baird Financial Group Inc. Has $25,816,000 Stake in Washington Federal, Inc. (WAFD) All Stars Investment Ltd Continues to Hold Stake in New Oriental Education & Technology Group, Inc. (EDU) Investec Asset Management LTD Increases Stake in Canadian Imperial Bank of Commerce (CM) Vantiv, Inc. (VNTV) Stake Lowered by Investec Asset Management LTD Investec Asset Management LTD Buys 25,339 Shares of Voya Financial, Inc. (VOYA) Investec Asset Management LTD Takes Position in Tiffany & Co. (TIF) WESCO International, Inc. (WCC) Shares Bought by Investec Asset Management LTD Interactive Brokers Group, Inc. (IBKR) Position Maintained by Haverford Trust Co. Haverford Trust Co. Has $120,000 Position in Encana Corporation (ECA) Q1 2017 EPS Estimates for Newell Brands Inc. Lifted by Analyst (NWL) February 10th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Jeff Wilder Filed Under: Analyst Articles - Estimates - Finance Tweet Newell Brands Inc. (NYSE:NWL) – Equities research analysts at SunTrust Banks boosted their Q1 2017 earnings per share (EPS) estimates for Newell Brands in a report released on Monday. SunTrust Banks analyst W. Chappell now expects that the brokerage will post earnings per share of $0.25 for the quarter, up from their previous forecast of $0.24. SunTrust Banks also issued estimates for Newell Brands’ Q4 2017 earnings at $1.03 EPS, Q2 2018 earnings at $0.90 EPS, Q3 2018 earnings at $0.99 EPS and Q4 2018 earnings at $1.14 EPS. Newell Brands (NYSE:NWL) last posted its quarterly earnings data on Monday, February 6th. The company reported $0.80 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, meeting analysts’ consensus estimates of $0.80. The company had revenue of $4.14 billion for the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $4.27 billion. Newell Brands had a net margin of 3.98% and a return on equity of 13.59%. The business’s quarterly revenue was up 165.0% on a year-over-year basis. During the same quarter last year, the firm posted $0.56 earnings per share. TRADEMARK VIOLATION NOTICE: This news story was originally reported by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are viewing this news story on another website, it was stolen and reposted in violation of US & international trademark & copyright law. The original version of this news story can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/02/10/q1-2017-eps-estimates-for-newell-brands-inc-lifted-by-analyst-nwl.html. A number of other equities research analysts have also recently issued reports on NWL. B. Riley reaffirmed a “buy” rating and set a $67.00 target price on shares of Newell Brands in a research report on Tuesday. Wells Fargo & Company reaffirmed an “outperform” rating on shares of Newell Brands in a research report on Thursday, December 1st. Forward View reaffirmed a “buy” rating and set a $52.00 target price on shares of Newell Brands in a research report on Sunday, January 8th. KeyCorp decreased their target price on Newell Brands from $60.00 to $57.00 and set an “overweight” rating for the company in a research report on Tuesday. Finally, RBC Capital Markets reaffirmed a “buy” rating on shares of Newell Brands in a research report on Tuesday. Three research analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating, thirteen have given a buy rating and two have issued a strong buy rating to the stock. The company currently has an average rating of “Buy” and an average target price of $56.87. Shares of Newell Brands (NYSE:NWL) opened at 46.33 on Wednesday. The stock has a market cap of $22.43 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 37.12 and a beta of 0.94. Newell Brands has a 1-year low of $33.42 and a 1-year high of $55.45. The stock’s 50 day moving average is $46.36 and its 200-day moving average is $49.55. Institutional investors have recently modified their holdings of the company. JPMorgan Chase & Co. boosted its position in shares of Newell Brands by 32.0% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 13,288,502 shares of the company’s stock worth $700,222,000 after buying an additional 3,225,216 shares during the period. King Luther Capital Management Corp bought a new position in shares of Newell Brands during the second quarter worth about $140,088,000. General Electric Co. boosted its position in shares of Newell Brands by 840.4% in the second quarter. General Electric Co. now owns 2,776,202 shares of the company’s stock worth $134,840,000 after buying an additional 2,480,994 shares during the period. Scopus Asset Management L.P. bought a new position in shares of Newell Brands during the third quarter worth about $125,094,000. Finally, Suvretta Capital Management LLC bought a new position in shares of Newell Brands during the second quarter worth about $115,040,000. Hedge funds and other institutional investors own 93.27% of the company’s stock. TRADEMARK VIOLATION NOTICE: This news story was originally reported by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are viewing this news story on another website, it was stolen and reposted in violation of US & international trademark & copyright law. The original version of this news story can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/02/10/q1-2017-eps-estimates-for-newell-brands-inc-lifted-by-analyst-nwl.html. In other news, Director Raymond G. Viault purchased 1,630 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Wednesday, February 8th. The shares were acquired at an average price of $45.96 per share, for a total transaction of $74,914.80. Following the completion of the acquisition, the director now directly owns 85,206 shares in the company, valued at $3,916,067.76. The transaction was disclosed in a filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is available through the SEC website. Also, Director Raymond G. Viault sold 5,353 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction dated Tuesday, February 7th. The shares were sold at an average price of $45.62, for a total value of $244,203.86. Following the completion of the transaction, the director now owns 85,206 shares in the company, valued at approximately $3,887,097.72. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. 0.66% of the stock is owned by company insiders. About Newell Brands Newell Brands Inc, formerly Newell Rubbermaid Inc, is a global consumer goods company. The Company’s brands consists of Paper Mate, Sharpie, Dymo, EXPO, Parker, Elmer’s, Coleman, Jostens, Marmot, Rawlings, Irwin, Lenox, Oster, Sunbeam, FoodSaver, Mr. Coffee, Rubbermaid Commercial Products, Graco, Baby Jogger, NUK, Calphalon, Rubbermaid, Contigo, First Alert, Waddington and Yankee Candle. Receive News & Ratings for Newell Brands Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Newell Brands Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News White House Announces Conway Was Counseled Warren Receives Support After GOP Formally Silences Her Report: Trump Was Not Completely Briefed on Bannon NSC Seat Justice Department Will Challenge Stop to Travel Ban President Trump Cancels Harley-Davidson Trip Due to Possible Protests © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy   Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Buffalo Wild Wings Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Buffalo Wild Wings Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Needham & Company LLC Raises Medidata Solutions Inc (MDSO) Price Target to $65.00 Stockman Wealth Management Inc. Has $470,000 Position in Safety Insurance Group, Inc. (SAFT) Prudential PLC Holds Stake in Tahoe Resources Inc (TAHO) Prudential PLC Has $82,404,000 Position in Diamond Offshore Drilling, Inc. (DO) 15,550 Shares in Apollo Commercial Real Estate Finance (ARI) Acquired by Stockman Wealth Management Inc. GW Pharmaceuticals PLC (GWPH) Shares Bought by Prudential PLC Van ECK Associates Corp Boosts Position in Core Laboratories N.V. (CLB) Netols Asset Management Inc. Sells 4,730 Shares of CIRCOR International, Inc. (CIR) Netols Asset Management Inc. Has $5,253,000 Position in U.S. Physical Therapy, Inc. (USPH) Alethea Capital Management LLC Invests $2,055,000 in Garmin Ltd. (GRMN) Spectrum Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (SPPI) Stake Maintained by Alethea Capital Management LLC 2,230 Shares in Lear Corporation (LEA) Acquired by Abbrea Capital LLC Orbotech Ltd. (ORBK) Stake Cut by Analyst IMS Investment Management Services Ltd. Western Union Company (The) (WU) Shares Gap Down After Analyst Downgrade Van ECK Associates Corp Sells 193,049 Shares of CF Industries Holdings, Inc. (CF) Van ECK Associates Corp Has $74,791,000 Stake in First Majestic Silver Corp. (AG) Van ECK Associates Corp Has $63,447,000 Stake in Green Plains, Inc. (GPRE) Van ECK Associates Corp Has $750,610,000 Position in Goldcorp Inc. (GG) Jones Energy, Inc. (JONE) Shares Bought by Raymond James Financial Services Advisors Inc. Raymond James Financial Services Advisors Inc. Has $5,969,000 Stake in Hormel Foods Corporation (HRL) Buffalo Wild Wings, Inc. (BWLD) Rating Reiterated by Robert W. Baird February 10th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Stacy Sanders Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Finance Tweet Buffalo Wild Wings, Inc. (NASDAQ:BWLD)‘s stock had its “outperform” rating reaffirmed by equities researchers at Robert W. Baird in a report issued on Wednesday. They presently have a $170.00 target price on the stock. Robert W. Baird’s price objective would indicate a potential upside of 7.15% from the company’s current price. BWLD has been the subject of several other reports. BMO Capital Markets restated an “outperform” rating and issued a $190.00 price target on shares of Buffalo Wild Wings in a research note on Wednesday, October 12th. Credit Suisse Group cut their target price on Buffalo Wild Wings from $175.00 to $165.00 and set a “neutral” rating for the company in a research report on Wednesday, January 25th. Wedbush reiterated an “outperform” rating and set a $180.00 target price on shares of Buffalo Wild Wings in a research report on Saturday, October 15th. BTIG Research reiterated a “hold” rating on shares of Buffalo Wild Wings in a research report on Thursday, October 27th. Finally, Zacks Investment Research downgraded Buffalo Wild Wings from a “hold” rating to a “sell” rating in a research report on Tuesday, October 25th. Three investment analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, eighteen have issued a hold rating and nine have assigned a buy rating to the company. The stock currently has a consensus rating of “Hold” and a consensus price target of $158.90. Shares of Buffalo Wild Wings (NASDAQ:BWLD) opened at 158.65 on Wednesday. Buffalo Wild Wings has a 52 week low of $122.25 and a 52 week high of $175.10. The stock has a 50 day moving average price of $153.52 and a 200-day moving average price of $156.76. The firm has a market capitalization of $2.77 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 30.99 and a beta of 0.96. Buffalo Wild Wings (NASDAQ:BWLD) last released its quarterly earnings results on Tuesday, February 7th. The company reported $0.87 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, missing the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of $1.27 by $0.40. The firm earned $492.40 million during the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $519.65 million. Buffalo Wild Wings had a net margin of 4.76% and a return on equity of 15.58%. The business’s revenue for the quarter was up .4% compared to the same quarter last year. During the same quarter last year, the firm earned $1.32 earnings per share. On average, equities research analysts forecast that Buffalo Wild Wings will post $5.85 earnings per share for the current year. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION NOTICE: “Buffalo Wild Wings, Inc. (BWLD) Rating Reiterated by Robert W. Baird” was originally published by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are reading this news story on another website, it was copied illegally and reposted in violation of international copyright and trademark laws. The correct version of this news story can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/02/10/buffalo-wild-wings-inc-bwld-rating-reiterated-by-robert-w-baird.html. In other news, COO James M. Schmidt sold 5,000 shares of Buffalo Wild Wings stock in a transaction on Monday, November 14th. The stock was sold at an average price of $163.33, for a total value of $816,650.00. The sale was disclosed in a legal filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is available through the SEC website. Also, CEO Sally J. Smith sold 1,500 shares of Buffalo Wild Wings stock in a transaction on Tuesday, January 17th. The shares were sold at an average price of $149.61, for a total value of $224,415.00. Following the completion of the transaction, the chief executive officer now owns 45,393 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $6,791,246.73. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Insiders have sold 9,020 shares of company stock valued at $1,459,473 over the last ninety days. 1.19% of the stock is currently owned by company insiders. A number of large investors have recently bought and sold shares of the stock. JPMorgan Chase & Co. raised its stake in shares of Buffalo Wild Wings by 170.8% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 26,355 shares of the company’s stock valued at $3,710,000 after buying an additional 16,621 shares during the period. American Century Companies Inc. increased its position in shares of Buffalo Wild Wings by 4.7% in the second quarter. American Century Companies Inc. now owns 6,988 shares of the company’s stock worth $971,000 after buying an additional 313 shares in the last quarter. Legal & General Group Plc increased its position in shares of Buffalo Wild Wings by 0.6% in the second quarter. Legal & General Group Plc now owns 4,921 shares of the company’s stock worth $687,000 after buying an additional 30 shares in the last quarter. Metropolitan Life Insurance Co. NY increased its position in shares of Buffalo Wild Wings by 2.0% in the second quarter. Metropolitan Life Insurance Co. NY now owns 30,481 shares of the company’s stock worth $4,235,000 after buying an additional 611 shares in the last quarter. Finally, Nomura Holdings Inc. increased its position in shares of Buffalo Wild Wings by 691.3% in the second quarter. Nomura Holdings Inc. now owns 15,178 shares of the company’s stock worth $2,120,000 after buying an additional 13,260 shares in the last quarter. 91.58% of the stock is owned by institutional investors. Buffalo Wild Wings Company Profile Buffalo Wild Wings, Inc (Buffalo Wild Wings) is an owner, operator and franchisor of restaurants featuring various menu items. The Company’s restaurants feature a bar, which offers a selection of 20 to 30 domestic, imported and craft beers on tap, as well as bottled beers, wine and liquor. The Buffalo Wild Wings restaurants feature various menu items, including its Buffalo, New York-style chicken wings spun in one of its signature sauces from sweet to screamin’ hot, which includes Sweet barbeque (BBQ), Teriyaki, Bourbon Honey Mustard, Mild, Parmesan Garlic, Medium, Honey BBQ, Spicy Garlic, Asian Zing, Caribbean Jerk, Thai Curry, Hot BBQ, Hot, Mango Habanero, Wild and Blazin’, or signature seasonings, Buffalo, Desert Heat, Chipotle BBQ, Lemon Pepper, and Salt & Vinegar. Receive News & Ratings for Buffalo Wild Wings Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Buffalo Wild Wings Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News White House Announces Conway Was Counseled Warren Receives Support After GOP Formally Silences Her Report: Trump Was Not Completely Briefed on Bannon NSC Seat Justice Department Will Challenge Stop to Travel Ban President Trump Cancels Harley-Davidson Trip Due to Possible Protests © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Menu Search here Home Articles Newswires Videos UK INVESTOR SHOW BIOTECH CAPITAL TECH CAPITAL MINES & MONEY OIL COUNCIL MINING CAPITAL OIL CAPITAL Elevator Pitch Big Picture Columnists Companies All Companies All Featured UK Featured North America Featured Australia Featured Events All events 23 February 2017. 6pm 09 March 2017. 6pm 23 March 2017. 6pm Highlights All Market Reports Columns Presentations Crowdfunding Elevator Pitch Energy All Big Picture Articles Newswires Market Reports Columns Videos Presentations Conferences Mining All Big Picture Articles Newswires Market Reports Columns Videos Presentations Conferences Tech All Big Picture Articles Newswires Market Reports Columns Videos Presentations Pharma & Biotech All Big Picture Articles Newswires Market Reports Columns Videos Presentations In Focus All Big Picture Articles Newswires Market Reports Columns Videos Presentations Sign-Up Login Watch us Like us Follow us Pro NA Pro AU Fuller Treacy Money Stocktube Mining Capital Oil Capital Tech Capital Biotech Capital Pro NAPro AU Pro HK FULLER TREACY MONEY StockTube Mining Capital Oil Capital Tech Capital Biotech Capital Sign up UNITED KINGDOM USA Australia Germany China Login × Login Email Password Sign in Did you forget your password? Click here for recovery Or login using... × Send Email To: * Separate multiple addresses with commas. From: Name: Please send me a copy Message: Verification code: * Enter the code from above Send × Preferences Profile Password Edit your personal details Email First Name Last Name Mobile/Cell Home/Daytime Work Gender Male Female Hometown Primary Country Corporate Website I want to get marketing materials from Proactive Investors More about yourself Tell us a little bit about you and your interests Occupation Portfolio Size No portfolio €1 - €49,000 €50,000 - €99,000 €100,000 - €499,000 €500,000 - €1,000,000 +€1000,000 Interest (You can select more then one) General Interest Educational Private Investor Professional Investor Institutional Investor Hedge Fund Manager Public Relations Financial Services Broker Media / Press Change your password Password Password Repeat × Contact Support Your email: * Problematic page url * Message * Verification code Enter the code from above * Home Articles Newswires Videos UK INVESTOR SHOW BIOTECH CAPITAL TECH CAPITAL MINES & MONEY OIL COUNCIL MINING CAPITAL OIL CAPITAL Elevator Pitch Big Picture Columnists Companies All Companies All Featured UK Featured North America Featured Australia Featured Events 23 February 2017. 6pm 09 March 2017. 6pm 23 March 2017. 6pm × Advanced Search Keyword Search by CHANNEL SECTOR MARKET AUTHOR Energy Mining Pharma & Biotech Tech In Focus Aerospace Aerospace & Defense Agribusiness Automobiles & Parts Banks Basic Materials Beverages Broadcasting & Entertainment Building Material & Fixtures Business Support Services Capital Goods Chemicals Cleantech and Renewable Energy Clothing & Footwear Computer Hardware Computer Services Construction & Materials Consumer Finance Consumer Services Diamonds & Gemstones Education Electronic & Electrical Equipment Energy Engineering Equity Instruments ETF - Exchange-Traded Fund Exploration & Production Financial Financial Admin Food & Beverages Food & Drug Retailers Forestry & Paper Furnishings Gambling General Financials General Industry General Mining General Mining - Coal General Mining - Copper General Mining - Diamonds & Gemstones General Mining - Gold General Mining - Iron Ore and Bauxite General Mining - Lithium General Mining - Moly, Chrome, Tungsten & Manganese General Mining - Nickel and Cobalt General Mining - Platinum Group Metals General Mining - Potash and Phosphate General Mining - Rare Earth Minerals General Mining - Silver General Mining - Uranium & Lithium General Mining - Zinc, Lead and Tin General Retailers Gold Mining Growth Companies Health Care, Equipment & Services Industrial Machinery Industrial Metals Industrial Suppliers Insurance Integrated Oil & Gas Internet Internet Investment Funds & Companies Investment Services IT Hardware Leisure Manufacturing Media & Publishing Medical Cannabis Mining Mobile Communications Multiutilities Nonequity Investment Instruments Oil & Gas Oil & Gas Equipment & Services Oil & Gas Exploration & Production Other Industry News Personal Products Pharma & Biotech Pharmaceuticals Platinum & Precious Metals Real Estate Real Estate Holding & Development Recreational Services Renewable Energy Restaurants, pubs Semiconductors Software & Computer Services Specialty Chemicals Specialty Finance Specialty Retailers Sports Support Services Tech Technology Hardware & Equipment Telecommunications Equipment Telecoms Telecoms services Transportation Travel Leisure Travel, Leisure & Hospitality Utilities All UK Markets All North American Markets PRIVATE AIM OTCQB PINK TMP AMEX LSE PLUS ASX TSX JSE NASDAQ FRA TSX-V OTCBB KRX OTC FFT NYSE XETRA ISE MCE CSE COLOMBO NASDAQ OMX OSL GXG GSX NSX NEX OTCMKTS EPA SGX Frankfurt Code NYSEMKT ETR HKG AEX Ian Mclelland Craig Ribton Ian Lyall Philip Whiterow Sam Kiri Ruth Gemmell Andrew McCrea John Phillips John Harrington Deborah Bacal Carrie Howes Brian Keane Peter Murray Jamie Ashcroft Giles Gwinnett Northland Capital Deborah Sterescu Charlotte Kan Anwar Ali Bevis Yeo Mourad Haroutunian Gordon Aldcorn Alessandro Bruno Jane Sully Jackie Steinitz Steve Asfour Natasha Barr Proactive Investors John McGoldrick SP Angel HB Markets Ransquawk Fuller Treavy Galvan Trader Talk Hybridan Fox-Davies Fat Prophets Alistair Strang Edison's weekly research summary The Naked Trader Keith Heddle Michael Millar Angus Warren Beaufort Securities Markets At A Glance Sprott Group Susan McKenzie Charlotte Kan Leigh Bolton Adam Sheldrake Sophie Barrowman Emma Milton Northland Capital IG Group Malcolm Graham-Wood Nick Huber Nicola Brown Andrew Neil Shard Capital Damon Heath Gareth Burchell Juliet Mann Jon Hopkins Accendo Markets Sarah Lowther Greg Watson Nigel Roberts . Fuller Treacy Money Philip Waller Jonathan Jones Alastair Ford Glen Jones Thomas Coleman Stewart Dalby Eithne Treanor RFC Ambrian Ben Marlow Richard Embrey Ebiquity Kieron Hodgson Stefania Barbaglio Sasha Sethi Jeremy Naylor Jamie Nimmo Carrie White George Matlock Josh Allsopp Tom Howard VSA Capital George Matlock Charles Breese Roger Lawson Andrew Scott Jonathon Narvey Jonathon Narvey Angela Kean Christine Feary Andre Lamberti Jeff Coote Sergei Balashov Brad Lemaire Joyanta Acharjee Olivia D'Orazio Jon Mainwaring Ross Louthean, Mineweb.net Fiona MacDonald Erin Sugar Richard Badauskas Metals Place Kam Patel Julie Crust Chris Shaw Dorothy Kosich Stephen Feldman Jon Hopkins Tip Tv Renae Dyer Highlights Market Reports Columns Presentations Crowdfunding Elevator Pitch Energy Big Picture Articles Newswires Market Reports Columns Videos Presentations Mining Big Picture Articles Newswires Market Reports Columns Videos Presentations Tech Big Picture Articles Newswires Market Reports Columns Videos Presentations Pharma & Biotech Big Picture Articles Newswires Market Reports Columns Videos Presentations In Focus Big Picture Articles Newswires Market Reports Columns Videos Presentations Home Research Guardian CFDs Pre Market Briefing Market Briefing - UK markets closed in the green yesterday, with the FTSE 100 index reaching a three-week high led by a rally in banking and insurance shares Share Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Email Print Download PDF version 08:28 10 Feb 2017 ., Fri UK Market Snapshot UK markets closed in the green yesterday, with the FTSE 100 index reaching a three-week high led by a rally in banking and insurance shares. Barclays and Royal Bank of Scotland Group advanced 2.0% and 2.5%, respectively, after the US President, Donald Trump, promised to make a “phenomenal” announcement on corporate taxes. Prudential and Standard Life gained 2.1% and 2.3%, respectively. Ashmore group jumped 5.0%, following a surge in its half yearly pre-tax profit. BP added 0.6%, after the board of BHP Billiton, down 0.3%, approved a $2.2 billion investment for its share of a BP-led Mad Dog Phase 2 project in the Gulf of Mexico. On the downside, Thomas Cook Group plunged 7.7%, after it posted a wider pre-tax loss for the first quarter and remained cautious for the rest of 2017. The FTSE 100 advanced 0.6%, to close at 7,229.5, while the FTSE 250 rose 0.1%, to settle at 18,627.6. US Market Snapshot US markets finished higher yesterday, as investor sentiment was boosted by comments from Donald Trump that he would release a major tax plan in the coming weeks. Financial giants, JPMorgan Chase, Goldman Sachs Group, Bank of America and Morgan Stanley gained 1.4%, 1.6%, 2.0% and 2.1%, respectively. Energy firms, Exxon Mobil, Chevron and Pioneer Natural Resources climbed 0.4%, 0.6% and 5.5%, respectively, on higher crude oil prices. Wal-Mart Stores and Nike rose 1.9% and 2.7%, respectively. Bucking the trend, Twitter plummeted 12.3%, after it reported lower than expected revenue for the fourth quarter. Coca-Cola declined 1.8%, as it offered a disappointing outlook for 2017. However, the beverage maker’s adjusted earnings per share for the quarter ended 31 December 2016 matched analysts’ estimates. The S&P 500 gained 0.6%, to settle at 2,307.9. The DJIA rose 0.6%, to settle at 20,172.4, while the NASDAQ advanced 0.6%, to close at 5,715.2. Europe Market Snapshot Other European markets ended in positive territory yesterday, buoyed by upbeat results from major companies. Eutelsat Communications surged 8.2%, after it reported an increase in its net income for the first half of the year and maintained its full year guidance. Societe Generale advanced 2.3%, after the French lender reported higher than anticipated net profit for the fourth quarter, led by a surprise increase in earnings from French consumer banking. Total rose 1.3%, as it raised its quarterly dividend and announced plans for new projects following better than expected fourth quarter earnings. On the losing side, Publicis Groupe shed 1.5%, after it took a $1.5 billion write-down on its digital business. The FTSEurofirst 300 index gained 0.9%, to close at 1,446.6. Among other European markets, the German DAX Xetra 30 rose 0.9%, to close at 11,642.9, while the French CAC-40 advanced 1.3%, to settle at 4,826.2. Asia Market Snapshot Markets in Asia are trading stronger this morning, tracking the record closing highs overnight in US equities. In Japan, Nisshinbo Holdings and Tokai Carbon have surged 7.1% and 11.1%, respectively. Banks, Mitsubishi UFJ Financial and Sumitomo Mitsui Trust Holdings have gained 3.1% and 3.8%, respectively. Auto exporters, Honda Motor and Toyota Motor have climbed 2.8% and 2.9%, respectively, amid a weaker Japanese Yen. On the other hand, Sumco Corp and Shiseido have eased 3.1% and 6.9%, respectively. In Hong Kong, Hang Seng Bank and China CITIC Bank have added 1.0% and 1.5%, respectively. In South Korea, Kia Motors and POSCO have edged 0.6% and 1.5% up, respectively. The Nikkei 225 index is trading 2.4% higher at 19,360.6. The Hang Seng index is trading 0.6% up at 23,655.3, while the Kospi index is trading 0.5% higher at 2,076.0. Key Corporate Announcements Today AGMs GCP Infrastructure Investments Ltd, Keras Resources, Numis Corporation, Port Erin Biopharma Investments Ltd, Shaftesbury EGMs GCP Infrastructure Investments Ltd, Kromek, Punch Taverns Final Dividend Payment Date Connect Group, Daily Mail and General Trust A (Non.V), Dunedin Smaller Companies Inv Trust, Game Digital, Grainger, Henderson European Focus Trust, Numis Corporation, Octopus VCT 3, Octopus VCT 4, Patisserie Holdings, Servoca, Tracsis Interim Dividend Payment Date Alcentra Euorpean Floating Rate Income Fund Ltd Red Ord Shs, Bisichi Mining, QinetiQ Group Quarterly Payment Date British Land Company Trading Announcements Electrocomponents, Greene King, Quantum Pharma, S&U, Shaftesbury, Aon Key Corporate Announcements for Monday AGMs Welney Plc Final Dividend Payment Date Paragon Group Of Companies, UDG Healthcare Public Limited Company Commodity, Currency and Fixed Income Snapshots Crude Oil At 0430GMT today, Brent Crude Oil one month futures contract is trading 0.09% or $0.05 higher at $55.68 per barrel, ahead of the weekly report on US oil rigs by Baker Hughes, scheduled to be released later today. Yesterday, the contract climbed 0.93% or $0.51, to settle at $55.63 per barrel, extending its previous session gains. Gold At 0430GMT today, Gold futures contract is trading 0.78% or $9.60 lower at $1225.50 per ounce, as a stronger greenback dented demand for the dollar-denominated commodity. Yesterday, the contract declined 0.20% or $2.50, to settle at $1235.10 per ounce, as the US Dollar gained ground against its peers following robust economic data from the US. Currency At 0430GMT today, the EUR is trading a tad higher against the USD at $1.0659. Yesterday, the EUR weakened 0.40% versus the USD, to close at $1.0654, after economic data showed that Germany’s trade surplus dropped more than expected in December. At 0430GMT today, the GBP is trading 0.09% higher against the USD at $1.2505, ahead of UK’s industrial and manufacturing production data, both for December, due to release in a few hours. Moreover, NIESR estimate on the UK GDP growth for the three months to January and Britain’s trade balance figures for December, set to release later in the day, will be closely monitored by traders. Yesterday, the GBP declined 0.34% versus the USD, to close at $1.2494, reversing its gains from the last session. The US Dollar rose against its major counterparts following comments by Donald Trump on his tax plans. Fixed Income In the US, long term treasury prices fell and pushed yields higher, amid gains in equities after the US President Donald Trump stated that he would make a major announcement regarding his tax policy in the coming time. Yesterday, yield on 10-year notes rose 6 basis points to 2.40%, while yield on 2-year notes gained 5 basis points to 1.20%. Meanwhile, 30-year bond yield jumped 6 basis points to 3.02%. Key Economic News German trade surplus narrowed in December Germany has reported the seasonally adjusted trade surplus of €18.70 billion in December, following a revised trade surplus of €22.70 billion in the previous month. Markets were expecting the nation to register a trade surplus of €20.50 billion. German imports remained flat in December On a MoM basis, the seasonally adjusted imports remained flat in December, in Germany, more than market expectations for a fall of 1.10%. Imports had risen 3.50% in the previous month. German exports declined more than expected in December On a MoM basis, the seasonally adjusted exports fell 3.30% in Germany, in December, compared to an advance of 3.90% in the previous month. Market expectation was for exports to drop 1.30%. German current account surplus dropped in December In December, the non-seasonally adjusted current account surplus in Germany fell to €24.00 billion, following a revised current account surplus of €25.00 billion in the prior month. Market expectation was for the nation's current account surplus to drop to €24.80 billion. Swiss unemployment rate advanced in January The non-seasonally adjusted unemployment rate climbed to 3.70% in January, in Switzerland, compared to market expectations of an advance to 3.60%. In the prior month, unemployment rate had recorded a reading of 3.50%. Swiss unemployment rate remained unchanged in January In January, the seasonally adjusted unemployment rate in Switzerland remained steady at 3.30%, meeting market expectations. Fed’s Bullard sees rates likely remaining low in 2017 The St. Louis Federal Reserve (Fed) Bank President, James Bullard, stated that interest rates can likely remain low through at least 2017, with no clear sense yet of whether the Trump administration’s policies will spark higher inflation or growth in the US economy. He further added that he favors only one interest rate hike for this year and wouldn’t speculate on when it might occur. Fed’s Evans sees three rate hikes in 2017 The Chicago Fed President, Charles Evans, reiterated his support for gradual interest rate hikes and stated that he expects the Fed to raise interest rates three times this year as he expects an economic boost from the US President, Donald Trump's planned fiscal policies. US continuing jobless claims climbed unexpectedly in the last week The seasonally adjusted continuing jobless claims in the US climbed unexpectedly to 2078.00 K in the week ended 28 January 2017, compared to a revised level of 2063.00 K in the prior week. Market expectation was for continuing jobless claims to ease to 2058.00 K. US initial jobless claims dropped surprisingly in the last week In the week ended 04 February 2017, the seasonally adjusted initial jobless claims registered an unexpected drop to a level of 234.00 K in the US, compared to a level of 246.00 K in the prior week. Market expectation was for initial jobless claims to rise to 249.00 K. US wholesale inventories advanced as expected in December On a MoM basis, the seasonally adjusted final wholesale inventories in the US climbed 1.00% in December, compared to a similar rise in the previous month. The preliminary figures had also indicated a rise of 1.00%. Market expectation was for the wholesale inventories to climb 1.00%. Canadian new housing price index advanced less than expected in December On an annual basis, the new housing price index in Canada rose 3.00% in December, lower than market expectations for a rise of 3.10%. In the previous month, the new housing price index had registered a similar rise. Canadian new housing price index advanced less than expected in December In December, on a monthly basis, the new housing price index rose 0.10% in Canada, less than market expectations for an advance of 0.20%. In the previous month, the new housing price index had advanced 0.20%. Japanese domestic corporate goods price index rose unexpectedly in January The domestic corporate goods price index in Japan unexpectedly climbed 0.50% on an annual basis in January, compared to a fall of 1.20% in the prior month. Market anticipation was for the domestic corporate goods price index to remain unchanged. Japanese machine tool orders rose in January In Japan, the flash machine tool orders registered a rise of 3.50% in January on a YoY basis. In the previous month, machine tool orders had risen 4.40%. Japanese domestic corporate goods price index rose more than expected in January The domestic corporate goods price index recorded a rise of 0.60% on a monthly basis in Japan in January, more than market expectations for a rise of 0.20%. In the prior month, the domestic corporate goods price index had climbed by a revised 0.70%. Chinese trade surplus rose in January Trade surplus in China expanded to $51.35 billion in January, from a revised trade surplus of $40.71 billion in the prior month. Market expectation was for the nation to post a trade surplus of $48.50 billion. Chinese exports advanced more than expected in January On a YoY basis, exports rose 7.90% in China, in January, compared to a revised fall of 6.20% in the previous month. Market anticipation was for exports to climb 3.20%. Chinese imports advanced more than expected in January On a YoY basis in January, imports advanced 16.70% in China, more than market expectations for an advance of 10.00%. Imports had advanced 3.10% in the previous month. . Share Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Email Print Download PDF version Disclaimer: Any research has been produced by an independent third party provider. Further details can be provided on request. Guardian Stockbrokers Limited is authorised and regulated by the Financial Services Authority (FSA Ref: 492519). Any report has been prepared using information available from public sources, which are believed to be reliable as at the date of this report. However, Guardian Stockbrokers, its employees and its independent third party provider make no representation as to the accuracy or completeness of this report. This report should therefore not be relied on as accurate or complete. The facts and opinions on this report are subject to change without notice. Guardian Stockbrokers, its employees and its independent third party provider have no obligation to modify or update this report in the event that any information on this report becomes inaccurate. Any report is prepared for informational purpose only, with no recommendation or solicitation to buy or to sell. The background of any individual or other investor has not been considered in providing this report. Individuals and other investors should seek independent financial advice which considers their specific risks, objectives and specific constraints, and make their own informed decisions. Individuals and other investors should note that investing in shares carries a degree of risk and the value of investments can go up or down. Past performance is not a reliable indicator of future performance. Investments should be made with regard to an investor’s total portfolio. Guardian Stockbrokers, its independent third party provider and its employees make no representation or guarantee with regard to any investment noted on this report, and shall therefore not be liable with regard to any loss. RSS Follow Only registred members can create thier own customized alerts. Register or Log in Delete alert Help Guardian CFDs Pre Market Briefing www.guardianstockbrokers.com Pre Market Briefing informs you of what is happening before the market opens. We believe our Pre Market Briefing is an invaluable tool to set up your trading day, therefore giving you an edge. Our Pre market briefing is just the start of our trading day at Guardian. We work with our clients to provide them with information and guidance to enhance their trading decisions. Guardian will provide you with an individual service together with the most suitable and expert advice at a fair and reasonable cost. UK 100 - 1 YEAR Loading charts International: NA AU DE CN Our Company Term & Conditions The Team Contact us Newsletter Sitemap Cookies Partners: Follow us: © Proactive Investors 2017 Proactive Investor UK Limited, trading as “Proactiveinvestors United Kingdom”, is Authorised and regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority. Registered in England with Company Registration number 05639690. Group VAT registration number 872070825 FCA Registration number 559082. You can contact us here.
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy   Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Nationstar Mortgage Holdings Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Nationstar Mortgage Holdings Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Blackrock Throgmorton Trust PLC (THRG) Increases Dividend to GBX 6.25 Per Share Pattern Energy Group Inc. (PEGI) Stock Rating Lowered by Zacks Investment Research Analysts Issue Forecasts for Akamai Technologies, Inc.’s Q1 2017 Earnings (AKAM) Allergan PLC. (AGN) Forecasted to Post Q1 2017 Earnings of $3.55 Per Share AngioDynamics, Inc. (ANGO) Receives $16.63 Average Target Price from Brokerages Sanatana Resources Inc (STA) Director Peter Leighton Miles Purchases 372,000 Shares of Stock Alexander & Baldwin Holdings, Inc. (ALEX) Director Stanley M. Kuriyama Sells 4,250 Shares Nicholas Financial, Inc. (NICK) Major Shareholder Magnolia Capital Fund, Lp Purchases 19,196 Shares Brokerages Anticipate Air Methods Corporation (AIRM) to Post $0.61 Earnings Per Share Owens Corning Inc (OC) Upgraded to Hold by Zacks Investment Research Avon Products, Inc. (AVP) Forecasted to Post Q1 2017 Earnings of $0.05 Per Share Analysts Offer Predictions for Camden Property Trust’s Q1 2017 Earnings (CPT) Jefferies Group Comments on CenturyLink, Inc.’s Q1 2017 Earnings (CTL) Brokerages Set Computer Programs and Systems, Inc. (CPSI) Price Target at $34.55 Seaport Global Securities Brokers Cut Earnings Estimates for Diamond Offshore Drilling, Inc. (DO) Daniel Kerzner Sells 36,000 Shares of Alarm.com Holdings, Inc. (ALRM) Stock Elissa Fink Sells 5,000 Shares of Tableau Software, Inc. (DATA) Stock Eaton Vance Tax-Managed Global Buy-Write (ETW) to Issue $0.10 Monthly Dividend Fiserv, Inc. to Post Q1 2017 Earnings of $1.18 Per Share, SunTrust Banks Forecasts (FISV) Marriott International (MAR) Receives $83.98 Average Target Price from Brokerages Nationstar Mortgage Holdings Inc. (NSM) Receives $15.14 Average Price Target from Brokerages February 10th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Stacy Sanders Filed Under: Consensus Rating Articles - Finance Tweet Nationstar Mortgage Holdings Inc. (NYSE:NSM) has earned a consensus recommendation of “Hold” from the ten brokerages that are covering the stock. One research analyst has rated the stock with a sell recommendation, six have given a hold recommendation and three have assigned a buy recommendation to the company. The average 1 year target price among brokers that have issued ratings on the stock in the last year is $15.14. NSM has been the topic of a number of recent research reports. Oppenheimer Holdings, Inc. set a $17.00 target price on Nationstar Mortgage Holdings and gave the stock a “buy” rating in a research report on Wednesday, November 2nd. Nomura started coverage on shares of Nationstar Mortgage Holdings in a research note on Wednesday, October 26th. They set a “buy” rating for the company. Zacks Investment Research cut shares of Nationstar Mortgage Holdings from a “strong-buy” rating to a “hold” rating in a research note on Tuesday, November 8th. Barclays PLC restated a “hold” rating and set a $15.00 price target on shares of Nationstar Mortgage Holdings in a research note on Thursday, November 3rd. Finally, Compass Point restated a “sell” rating on shares of Nationstar Mortgage Holdings in a research note on Thursday, January 12th. A number of hedge funds and other institutional investors have recently bought and sold shares of the company. Boston Partners boosted its position in Nationstar Mortgage Holdings by 5.9% in the third quarter. Boston Partners now owns 1,691,261 shares of the company’s stock valued at $25,048,000 after buying an additional 94,076 shares during the period. JPMorgan Chase & Co. boosted its position in Nationstar Mortgage Holdings by 8.6% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 167,087 shares of the company’s stock valued at $2,475,000 after buying an additional 13,218 shares during the period. Rubric Capital Management LP bought a new position in Nationstar Mortgage Holdings during the fourth quarter valued at $17,609,000. BlackRock Inc. boosted its position in Nationstar Mortgage Holdings by 81.1% in the third quarter. BlackRock Inc. now owns 21,545 shares of the company’s stock valued at $320,000 after buying an additional 9,650 shares during the period. Finally, Hodges Capital Management Inc. bought a new position in Nationstar Mortgage Holdings during the fourth quarter valued at $8,817,000. Nationstar Mortgage Holdings (NYSE:NSM) opened at 19.06 on Tuesday. Nationstar Mortgage Holdings has a 52 week low of $8.67 and a 52 week high of $19.69. The firm’s 50-day moving average price is $18.16 and its 200-day moving average price is $16.30. The company’s market capitalization is $1.86 billion. WARNING: “Nationstar Mortgage Holdings Inc. (NSM) Receives $15.14 Average Price Target from Brokerages” was first published by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are viewing this piece on another publication, it was copied illegally and republished in violation of international copyright laws. The correct version of this piece can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/02/10/nationstar-mortgage-holdings-inc-nsm-receives-15-14-average-price-target-from-brokerages.html. About Nationstar Mortgage Holdings Nationstar Mortgage Holdings Inc provides servicing, origination and transaction based services principally to single-family residences throughout the United States. The Company operates through three segments: Servicing, Originations and Xome. The Company also operate an integrated residential loan origination platform that is primarily focused on customer retention. Receive News & Ratings for Nationstar Mortgage Holdings Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Nationstar Mortgage Holdings Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News White House Announces Conway Was Counseled Warren Receives Support After GOP Formally Silences Her Report: Trump Was Not Completely Briefed on Bannon NSC Seat Justice Department Will Challenge Stop to Travel Ban President Trump Cancels Harley-Davidson Trip Due to Possible Protests © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy   Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Bank Of New York Mellon Corporation (The) - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Bank Of New York Mellon Corporation (The) with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Alexandria Real Estate Equities, Inc. (ARE) Shares Bought by Advantus Capital Management Inc Cincinnati Financial Corporation (CINF) Stake Raised by Johnson Investment Counsel Inc. Leerink Swann Analysts Give athenahealth, Inc. (ATHN) a $110.00 Price Target Canaccord Genuity Downgrades SPS Commerce, Inc. (SPSC) to Hold Radian Group Inc. (RDN) Shares Sold by TLP Group LLC Rentokil Initial plc (RTO) Given Consensus Rating of “Buy” by Brokerages Akamai Technologies, Inc. (AKAM) Rating Reiterated by Piper Jaffray Companies Panera Bread Company (PNRA) Rating Reiterated by Canaccord Genuity Newfield Exploration Company (NFX) Given Average Rating of “Buy” by Brokerages Mplx Lp (MPLX) Shares Bought by Chicago Partners Investment Group LLC QinetiQ Group plc (QQ) Given Consensus Rating of “Hold” by Analysts Chicago Partners Investment Group LLC Has $4,051,000 Position in Buckeye Partners L.P. (BPL) Gilead Sciences (GILD) – Research Analysts’ Recent Ratings Updates Chicago Partners Investment Group LLC Acquires 6,992 Shares of Dominion Midstream Partners, LP (DM) Arrowgrass Capital Partners LLP Acquires Shares of 195,390 American International Group, Inc. (AIG) 245,000 Shares in Devon Energy Corporation (DVN) Acquired by Arrowgrass Capital Partners LLP TLP Group LLC Purchases 974 Shares of The Goodyear Tire & Rubber Company (GT) CQS Cayman LP Has $2,759,000 Position in Monsanto Company (MON) Concho Resources Inc. (CXO) Position Maintained by CQS Cayman LP CQS Cayman LP Has $562,000 Position in Zoetis Inc. (ZTS) Analysts Set Bank Of New York Mellon Corporation (The) (BK) Price Target at $49.30 February 10th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Tyrone Williams Filed Under: Consensus Rating Articles - Finance Tweet Bank Of New York Mellon Corporation (The) (NYSE:BK) has earned an average rating of “Buy” from the fifteen research firms that are covering the stock. Nine equities research analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating, four have issued a buy rating and two have given a strong buy rating to the company. The average 12-month price objective among brokerages that have issued a report on the stock in the last year is $49.30. A number of research analysts have weighed in on the company. Zacks Investment Research downgraded Bank Of New York Mellon Corporation (The) from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating in a report on Tuesday, January 24th. Keefe, Bruyette & Woods downgraded Bank Of New York Mellon Corporation (The) from an “outperform” rating to a “market perform” rating and reduced their target price for the stock from $54.00 to $48.00 in a report on Friday, January 20th. J P Morgan Chase & Co downgraded Bank Of New York Mellon Corporation (The) from an “overweight” rating to a “neutral” rating and upped their target price for the stock from $47.50 to $49.00 in a report on Friday, January 6th. Barclays PLC upped their target price on Bank Of New York Mellon Corporation (The) from $48.00 to $55.00 and gave the stock an “overweight” rating in a report on Tuesday, January 3rd. Finally, Raymond James Financial, Inc. upgraded Bank Of New York Mellon Corporation (The) from an “outperform” rating to a “strong-buy” rating and upped their target price for the stock from $50.00 to $57.00 in a report on Wednesday, December 28th. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY WARNING: “Analysts Set Bank Of New York Mellon Corporation (The) (BK) Price Target at $49.30” was reported by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are accessing this piece on another site, it was stolen and reposted in violation of US and international trademark and copyright laws. The original version of this piece can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/02/10/analysts-set-bank-of-new-york-mellon-corporation-the-bk-price-target-at-49-30.html. A number of large investors have recently made changes to their positions in the stock. BNP Paribas Arbitrage SA raised its stake in shares of Bank Of New York Mellon Corporation (The) by 14.0% in the third quarter. BNP Paribas Arbitrage SA now owns 271,988 shares of the company’s stock worth $10,847,000 after buying an additional 33,472 shares in the last quarter. Ameritas Investment Partners Inc. raised its stake in shares of Bank Of New York Mellon Corporation (The) by 1.0% in the second quarter. Ameritas Investment Partners Inc. now owns 84,593 shares of the company’s stock worth $3,286,000 after buying an additional 823 shares in the last quarter. BlackRock Group LTD raised its stake in shares of Bank Of New York Mellon Corporation (The) by 4.8% in the third quarter. BlackRock Group LTD now owns 8,673,475 shares of the company’s stock worth $345,898,000 after buying an additional 398,578 shares in the last quarter. Murphy Pohlad Asset Management LLC raised its stake in shares of Bank Of New York Mellon Corporation (The) by 2.5% in the third quarter. Murphy Pohlad Asset Management LLC now owns 105,396 shares of the company’s stock worth $4,203,000 after buying an additional 2,525 shares in the last quarter. Finally, BB&T Securities LLC raised its stake in shares of Bank Of New York Mellon Corporation (The) by 16.4% in the third quarter. BB&T Securities LLC now owns 41,554 shares of the company’s stock worth $1,657,000 after buying an additional 5,870 shares in the last quarter. Institutional investors and hedge funds own 82.32% of the company’s stock. Shares of Bank Of New York Mellon Corporation (NYSE:BK) opened at 45.50 on Tuesday. The company’s 50 day moving average price is $46.32 and its 200-day moving average price is $43.58. The stock has a market capitalization of $47.66 billion, a P/E ratio of 14.44 and a beta of 1.32. Bank Of New York Mellon Corporation has a 12 month low of $33.00 and a 12 month high of $49.54. Bank Of New York Mellon Corporation (The) (NYSE:BK) last announced its quarterly earnings results on Thursday, January 19th. The company reported $0.77 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, meeting analysts’ consensus estimates of $0.77. Bank Of New York Mellon Corporation (The) had a return on equity of 9.74% and a net margin of 22.64%. The company had revenue of $3.79 billion for the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $3.85 billion. During the same quarter in the previous year, the business earned $0.68 EPS. Bank Of New York Mellon Corporation (The)’s revenue was up 1.7% compared to the same quarter last year. Equities analysts predict that Bank Of New York Mellon Corporation will post $3.47 earnings per share for the current year. The business also recently announced a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Friday, February 10th. Shareholders of record on Tuesday, January 31st will be paid a dividend of $0.19 per share. The ex-dividend date is Friday, January 27th. This represents a $0.76 dividend on an annualized basis and a yield of 1.67%. Bank Of New York Mellon Corporation (The)’s dividend payout ratio is presently 24.05%. About Bank Of New York Mellon Corporation (The) The Bank of New York Mellon Corporation (BNY Mellon) is an investments company. The Company operates businesses through two segments: Investment Management and Investment Services. The Company also has an Other segment, which includes credit-related services; the leasing portfolio; corporate treasury activities, including its investment securities portfolio; its equity interest in ConvergEx Group; business exits, and corporate overhead. Receive News & Ratings for Bank Of New York Mellon Corporation (The) Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Bank Of New York Mellon Corporation (The) and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News White House Announces Conway Was Counseled Warren Receives Support After GOP Formally Silences Her Report: Trump Was Not Completely Briefed on Bannon NSC Seat Justice Department Will Challenge Stop to Travel Ban President Trump Cancels Harley-Davidson Trip Due to Possible Protests © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Bloomberg the Company & Its ProductsBloomberg Anywhere Remote LoginBloomberg Anywhere LoginBloomberg Terminal Demo Request Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Philanthropy & Engagement Bloomberg London Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Philanthropy & Engagement Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Bloomberg London Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Advertising Bloomberg Media Distribution Bloomberg Live Conferences Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center MENU Homepage Markets Stocks Currencies Commodities Rates + Bonds Economics Magazine Benchmark Watchlist Economic Calendar Tech U.S. Global Startups Cybersecurity Digital Media Bloomberg Technology TV Hello World Studio 1.0 Pursuits Cars & Bikes Style & Grooming Spend Watches & Gadgets Food & Drinks Travel Real Estate Art & Design Politics With All Due Respect Global Risk Briefing How We’ll Know if Trump Is Making America Great Again Tracking Trump’s Web of Conflicts The Inauguration of Donald J. Trump On the March in Trump’s Capital Opinion View Gadfly Businessweek Subscribe Cover Stories Opening Remarks Etc Features 85th Anniversary Issue Behind The Cover More Science + Energy Graphics Game Plan Small Business Personal Finance Inspire GO The David Rubenstein Show Sponsored Content Bloomberg About The Company Sign In Sign In Subscribe Brexit Bulletin: Bad Tempers in Brussels Theresa May’s Brexit strategy appears to have increased the risk of a bitter Brexit negotiation. by Simon Kennedy @simonjkennedy More stories by Simon Kennedy and Ian Wishart @IanWishart More stories by Ian Wishart February 10, 2017, 2:20 AM EST February 10, 2017, 7:24 AM EST Former U.K. Deputy PM Nick Clegg: U.K. Single-Market Plans a 'Logical Impossibility' Sign up to receive the Brexit Bulletin in your inbox, and follow @Brexit on Twitter. European Union governments are bracing for a bust-up after Theresa May fleshed out her Brexit plans. A week after the British prime minister formalized her strategy, Brussels-based diplomats say the risk is growing that talks deteriorate early on, increasing the chance that Britain leaves the bloc in 2019 without an exit package, let alone the sweeping trade accord it’s seeking. EU officials have been irked by May’s push to curb immigration while maintaining trade ties, as well as her warnings that failure to get what she wants could prompt her to slash taxes or withdraw security provisions. EU flags outside the new Europa building in Brussels. Photographer: Jasper Juinen/Bloomberg Likely early flashpoints include haggling over how much the U.K. owes the EU and whether the divorce and the future can be discussed at the same time. Any clash could mean May has to rein in her ambitions to avoid a disorderly split.   “The EU faces an existential crisis,” said Malcolm Barr, an economist at JPMorgan Chase. “It will prioritize a deal which fosters coherence among the 27 and which demonstrates to all the disadvantages of leaving, even if that comes at a short-run economic cost to itself.” Former U.K. Deputy Prime Minister Nick Clegg told Bloomberg Television on Friday that May’s plan to exit the single market were a “logical impossibility.” “I don’t think I’ve met a serious person who is involved with the negotiations who thinks you can do what the government claims, which is settle the future arrangement between the government and the EU in its entirety within a very short timeframe.” Still, Italian Prime Minister Paolo Gentiloni said on Thursday that he had no interest in “destructive” Brexit talks. Time for the Lords To activate the discussions, May must first win the approval of Parliament. Having won the backing of the House of Commons, she must now navigate the House of Lords, where her Conservative Party has less of a grip. Photographer: Leon Neal/WPA Pool via Getty Images The opposition Labour Party said on Thursday it’ll propose eight amendments, including the right for lawmakers to vote on May’s final deal. Other proposals cover a range of other matters, from Britain’s membership of Europe’s nuclear cooperation agreement to the rights of EU citizens resident in Britain. On Friday the Liberal Democrats also said they would seek to amend the bill. The bill can’t become law until both houses of Parliament have approved it, so if the Lords amend it, it must return to the Commons. That said, no amendment succeeded in the Commons and peers have been warned that failure to ratify the bill would raise questions about the legitimacy of the unelected part of Parliament. Brexit Secretary David Davis told Sky News that the Lords should do its “patriotic duty.” Corporate Boost May’s Brexit vision got a fillip on Thursday from the corporate sector. Apple Chief Executive Tim Cook visited the premier and, according to the BBC, said he is “very optimistic” for Britain’s post-Brexit future. He cited his intention to build a new U.K. headquarters in London with room for at least 1,600 staff. “We’re a big believer in the U.K.,” said Cook. “There will be bumps in the road along the way, but the U.K.’s going to be fine.” Meantime, supercar manufacturer McLaren said it’s shifting chassis production to the U.K. from Austria in a move that will reduce its exposure to potential tariffs after Brexit. The company is building a £50 million plant in Sheffield to make lightweight carbon-fiber bodies for cars like the $1.4 million P1. While the automaker’s decision to shift production was made before last June’s referendum, the move will boost the percentage of British-made parts in its cars and comes as manufacturers prepare to minimize taxes that may be due on imported parts. “My request continually with the politicians is no tariffs, no trade barriers,” CEO Mike Flewitt said on Thursday. “For God’s sake, this is a modern world.” Automobile manufacturer Faurecia said it sees U.K. car sales falling 10 percent in 2017 because of Brexit. Brexit Bullets Control of U.K. borders may shave just 50,000 off the current net migration total of 335,000, according to Global Future Poland Foreign Minister Witold Waszczykowski said a two-speed Europe would destroy the EU as he argued there is a need to “fix the European Union, not dismantle it” Bank of England hawk Kristin Forbes prepares to depart; Charlotte Hogg named new deputy The Legatum Institute said Brexit could pave the way for  a “prosperity zone” of like-minded countries such as the U.S., Australia and Canada to boost growth Trade Secretary Liam Fox said his department is now 3,000 people-strong, including 200 trade negotiators London gold wholesalers are considering a new U.K.-focused trade body, reports Platts Manchester United on Thursday blamed a 27.1 percent increase in its debt to £409.3 million ($512 million) on the slide in the pound, which accelerated after last year’s referendum Brexit means markets turn bearish on the U.K., says Bloomberg View’s Matthew Winkler And Finally... Near Dublin’s riverfront, the cranes are back, busy replacing U2’s iconic recording studio with a vast office complex. Less than a decade after a property crash sank the financial industry in Ireland, banking and real estate are reconnecting in the heart of the country’s capital. The plan is to provide a home for bankers leaving Brexit-era London, report Bloomberg’s Peter Flanagan and Dara Doyle. Investing in real estate investment trusts is a way to play that Brexit trade, analysts say. Local REITs are sitting on sites that could host firms looking for an Irish passport to sell into the EU, should the U.K. walk away from the single market. The Irish government has said it’s aiming to add another 10,000 international finance jobs. For more on Brexit follow Bloomberg on Twitter, Facebook and Instagram, and see our full coverage at Bloomberg.com Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal. LEARN MORE Most Read Trump Vows to Fight as Appeals Court Thwarts Immigration Ban Now Under Armour Has a Trump Problem, Too White House: Cohn-Led Tax Plan Is Real and It’s Phenomenal Trumpflation Is Running Out of Gas Trump Weighs New Immigration Order With Next Legal Moves Unclear Terms of Service Trademarks Privacy Policy ©2017 Bloomberg L.P. All Rights Reserved Careers Made in NYC Advertise Ad Choices Website Feedback Help
HOME EDITION News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance CNBC Explains Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows Watch Live CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Full Episodes More Log In | Register Log Out News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Consumer Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Halftime Portfolio Squawk Box Portfolio Take a Tour Subscribe Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance CNBC Explains Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Special Reports Trader Talk Modern Medicine Global Investing Hot Spots Portfolio Perspective CNBC Fed Survey Future Opportunities Retail Report Original Series Executive Edge Trading Nation Futures Now Retire Well The Pulse @ 1 Market The Bottom Line CNBC Events Davos Delivering Alpha eMerge Americas iCONIC Conference Cambridge Cyber Summit Sohn Conference Follow CNBC EDITION Register Log In Profile Email Preferences PRO Sign Out Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Halftime Portfolio Squawk Box Portfolio Take a Tour Subscribe LIVE TV Watch CNBC TV Watch CNBC Pro Watchlist X × × × Technology Technology Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity The Pulse @ 1 Market How machines can help investors make money from President Trump’s tweets Saheli Roy Choudhury | @sahelirc Friday, 10 Feb 2017 | 12:54 AM ETCNBC.com SHARES show chapters Trigger alerts investors about Trump's tweets    Thursday, 9 Feb 2017 | 8:28 PM ET | 01:32 For investors hoping to cash in on President Donald Trump's market-moving tweets, monitoring his Twitter feed constantly is essential. The slightest delay in reaction could be the difference between making a quick profit and losing money. Rachel Mayer, a former JPMorgan trader, believes there's an easier way: let software do it. Her start-up created an app, where an algorithm scans the President's tweets for mentions of specific publicly-traded companies. Whenever Trump tweets about the companies, the app can send push notifications to alert users. These are called 'triggers.' "It's purely an informational tool," Mayer, who is CEO and co-founder of Trigger, told CNBC's "Squawk Box" on Friday. The triggers are created based on "if this then that" type of statements and can help to guide investment decisions. For example, if Trump tweets about CNN and his tweet is about a fake news allegation, then a notification can be sent to alert users who own Time Warner - the parent company of CNN - stocks in their portfolios. If an automatic trigger fails to fire, a support team works "round-the-clock" to push out the alerts. "Our value proposition is linking different sets of data that the current brokerages don't support," she said, adding it allowed investors to consolidate all available information and manage investment risks. Getty Images Donald Trump, Tweeter-in-Chief. Trump's tweets, however, do not always correspond to an expected move in the market. Recently, the President criticized retailer Nordstrom's decision to wind down its relationship with the Ivanka Trump brand. Nordstrom shares initially sold off but then recovered their losses quickly. "It's still early days for deciding what his tweets mean long term for stocks, but individual investors are using it to stay on top of the trends that he is talking about," said Mayer. The triggers extend beyond Trump's tweets and include other data sets, including stock prices, movements in indices and currencies and even economic data. Users can create their own triggers or copy from another user. Mayer has plans to create more triggers based on other tweets, insider filings, weather, company upgrades and more. "Trigger is not just reliant on President Trump, even though it's put on the map recently for various reasons." — Follow CNBC International on Twitter and Facebook. Saheli Roy ChoudhuryNews Assistant Related Securities Symbol Price   Change %Change JWN --- Binge 'Walking Dead' a megahit, thanks in part to white-knuckled binge-watchers By: Marc Gilbert, senior producer, CNBC Walking Dead producer: The phenomenon is no accident    Walking Dead producer: The show isn’t about zombies    Terminator writer sounds alarm on AI    Walking Dead producer: VR makes me nauseous    To view this site, you need to have JavaScript enabled in your browser, and either the Flash Plugin or an HTML5-Video enabled browser. Download the latest Flash player and try again. Playing Share this video... × Watch Next...
Skip to Navigation Skip to Main Content Business Topics Topics Home News Business Sports Entertainment Life Arts Opinion More Photos Videos Weather Obituaries Autos Real Estate Jobs Classifieds DMNStore View All Topics Facebook Twitter Instagram YouTube Sign In Today's ePaper Subscribe Open My Account Get the latest D-FW news at your fingertips. Subscribe Now Leave Us Feedback on the new DallasNews.com! Search Dallas News Submit Search Business Real Estate Airlines Retail Health Care Technology Energy Top 100 Workplaces Connect With Us Facebook Twitter Instagram YouTube All Topics Home News 2016 Presidential Election Accidental Death Addison Allen Animals Arlington Associated Press Baylor Bedford Carrollton Cedar Hill Child Protective Services Colleyville Collin County Community Column Coppell Corinth Courts Crime DART Dallas Dallas Ambush Dallas City Council Dallas City Hall Dallas County Dallas ISD Dallas Police Dallas Zoo Debunked Democratic National Convention Denton Denton County Desoto Domestic Violence Donald Trump Downtown Dallas Duncanville Early Childhood Education East Dallas Education Elections Ellis County Environment Euless Fair Park Farmers Branch Fire Flower Mound Fort Worth Frisco From the Archives Garland Grand Prairie Grapevine Guns Higher Education Highland Park Highland Village Homicide Hood County Hunt County Hurst Immigration Investigations Irving Johnson County Kaufman County LGBT Lake Highlands Lakewood Lancaster Lewisville Local Politics McKinney Mesquite Mexico Missing Person North Dallas Oak Cliff Parker County Photos Plano Politics Prosper Republican National Convention Richardson Rockwall Rockwall County Rowlett STAAR Sachse Science and Medicine Social Justice Southern Dallas Southlake Special Needs Tarrant County Texas Texas Education Agency Texas Legislature Texas Politics The Colony Traffic Transportation TxDOT U.S. News University Park Uptown Dallas Van Zandt County Watchdog Weather West Dallas Wise County World Wylie Zika Virus Business AT&T Airlines American Airlines Autos Banking Billionaires CEO Pay DFW Airport Dallas Fed Demographics Dying Malls Economic Snapshot Economy Energy Entrepreneurs Exxon Mobil Food Industry Health Care Homes Hospitality Hotels Innovation Investment Quarterly JC Penney Jobs Leisure Love Field Money NTTA New Urbanism Oncor Personal Finance Philanthropy Real Estate Restaurants Retail Small Business Southwest Airlines Sports Business Stock Market Technology Texas Instruments Top 100 Workplaces Tourism Toyota Life Aging Cooking DIY Digital Life Faith Family Farm To Table Fitness Gardening Healthy Living Home Kindness People Pets Recipes Relationships Style Texana Texas Travel Travel Trends Weddings Wine & Spirits Arts Architecture Books Classical Music Dallas Symphony Dance Design Galleries Museums Opera Performing Arts Theater Visual Arts Opinion Commentary DMN Contributors Network Dallas' North-South Gap Editorials Letters to the Editor Points Book Club Texan of the Year We Recommend Close Close Ron Baselice/Staff Photographer United Way says it has put 192,130 people on the path to financial stability Filed under Philanthropy at Yesterday Share Facebook Twitter Email Print This Story Written by Holly Haber Connect with Holly Haber Email Get Daily Dallas News Headlines Sign Up Don't miss a story. Like us on Facebook. Like Dallas News' Facebook Page Get Unlimited Digital Access Your first month is less than a dollar. $0.99 for first 4 weeks Subscribe Now At the halfway point of a 10-year effort to lift 250,000 North Texans out of poverty and achieve improvements in health and education, United Way of Metropolitan Dallas has put 192,130 people on the path to financial stability. That's according to the board members who spoke Tuesday at a luncheon for major donors at the Hotel Crescent Court. One key has been job skills training tailored to the specific needs of area businesses, particularly in information technology and health care, said board member Anne Motsenbocker, managing director of JPMorgan Chase Bank. In addition, volunteer accountants have helped 40,000 people get $64 million in income tax refunds, she said. It's difficult to measure the percentage of high school graduates who are ready for college or careers due to recent changes in state assessment tests, said Bill Morrison, a board member and vice president and assistant general counsel of Tenet Healthcare. Overall, the organization has funded programs for 1.2 million students, parents and caregivers. Morrison said he expects an emphasis on preschool education via agencies such as Early Childhood Matters to make a clear difference in the future. Deborah Gibbins, a board member and treasurer of Mary Kay Corp., said that United Way's Healthy Zone schools initiative developed with the Cooper Institute has succeeded in lowering body mass index, improving aerobic capacity and increasing academic performance. It's currently in 141 schools. "We feel like we have a really proven model with that," she said. The charity is also working to improve access to health care, reduce emergency room visits, boost prenatal care and combat domestic violence and substance abuse. To learn more, visit unitedway.org. Laura Bush to speak Former First Lady Laura Bush will be the keynote speaker at the inaugural Art of Hope Gala benefiting the National Breast Cancer Foundation on March 25 at the Dallas Museum of Art. Laura Bush Ashley Landis/Staff Photographer Presented by Nature Nate's Honey, it will celebrate the 25th anniversary of the Frisco organization that funds breast cancer screenings, education and support services. Get tickets starting at $250 at nbcfgala.org. Luncheon and fashion show Attitudes & Attire will honor Carry the Load co-founders Clint Bruce and Stephen Holley at its annual luncheon and fashion show Feb. 24 at the Dallas Trade Mart. The former Navy Seals established Carry the Load in 2011 to honor and assist military veterans and later broadened its scope to include police, firefighters and first responders. Participants walk past flags and signs planted in the grass honoring police officers and firefighters on the route of the Carry the Load fundraising walk last year at Reverchon Park in Dallas. Ting Shen/Staff Photographer One of its partner agencies is Attitudes & Attire, which teaches life skills and provides dental care and professional clothing to women pursuing self sufficiency. Clients include veterans and those overcoming poverty, neglect, addiction and domestic violence. The runway show will feature styles by Eileen Fisher plus clothing from Attitudes & Attire's shop. Sponsors include: $15,000: Al G. Hill Jr., Dallas Market Center, Eileen Fisher, HumanInvestments.org, Nortex Networks and Sewell Infiniti. $10,000: Lyda Hill and Norma and Harry Longwell. $7,500: Bibbentuckers. $5,000: The Rosewood Corp. and Tom Thumb. $3,000: Amegy Bank, Penny Bryce and Lay & Associates LLC. Buy luncheon tickets for $150 and raffle tickets at attitudesandattire.org. Group raises $1.1 million for services to the poor View Comments Tags Philanthropy Business Share Facebook Twitter Email Print This Story Get the Most Important D-FW News in Your Inbox Sign up for our daily email newsletters Get Headlines, Business, SportsDay, and GuideLive. Change which newsletters to receive Daily Headlines Business Report SportsDay GuideLive (weekly) Sign Up Now Get the most important stories right in stream Don't miss out on the conversation. Stay connected with Dallas News on Facebook. Dallas News @dallasmorningnews Like Dallas News' Facebook Page Get Unlimited Digital Access Become a Digital Subscriber for unlimited access to all of Dallas News and SportsDay. Your first month is less than a dollar. $0.99 for first 4 weeks Subscribe Now Taking you back to Business More about Dallas News About Us Careers Advertise Contact Us Special Sections FAQ Privacy Policy Terms of Service Site Map Get More Dallas News Around the Web Facebook Twitter Instagram YouTube ©2017, The Dallas Morning News Inc. All Rights Reserved. Powered by the Parse.ly Publisher Platform (P3).
U.S. Editions Australia Edition China Edition India Edition Italy Edition Japan Edition Singapore Edition United Kingdom United States Feb 11, 4:42 AM EST Subscribe Everything You Need To Know, Right Now. Everything You Need To Know, Right Now. The IBT Pulse Newsletter keeps you connected to the biggest stories unfolding in the global economy. Please enter a valid email Search Search Business Technology World National Media & Culture Millennial Money Entertainment Sports Subscribe Technology A Cure For All Disease? Mark Zuckerberg Isn't Only Billionaire Trying To Save Lives, So Are Bill Gates, Warren Buffett, Michael Bloomberg And Ray Dalio By Marcy Kreiter @marcykreiter On 02/09/17 AT 9:44 PM Close Facebook co-founder and CEO Mark Zuckerberg isn’t the only billionaire trying to eradicate diseases. Microsoft co-founder Bill Gates, former New York City Mayor Michael Bloomberg and Bridgewater Associates Chairman Ray Dalio also have ponied up big bucks to eliminate such scourges as polio. Berkshire Hathaway genius Warren Buffett has donated billions. Zuckerberg and his wife, Chan, established a billion-dollar philanthropy organization in 2015 to "cure, prevent or manage all disease" by 2100 and has hired 47 scientists to begin researching and designing long-term strategies. Now the medical component, Biohub, has been funded with $50 million. The Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation, which was founded in 2000 and is the largest transparently operated privately funded foundation in the world, launched the Global Health Investment Fund in 2013 with $108 million to develop drugs, vaccines, diagnostics and “other interventions against diseases that disproportionately burden low- and middle-income countries.” Among the foundation’s partners are JPMorgan Chase & Co., GlaxoSmithKline, Merck and the Pfizer Foundation. Gates also invited fellow billionaires Bloomberg and Dalio last year to aid in the fight to eradicate polio, raising an additional $70 million for the effort. The World Health Organization reported 42 new cases of the paralytic disease last year and one new case so far this year, mostly concentrated in Afghanistan, Pakistan and Nigeria where terrorist groups have made vaccination efforts dangerous. Polio no longer is a problem in the Americas, Europe or Australia but before the vaccine was introduced in 1955, the United States reported 10,000 to nearly 29,000 cases annually. Efforts to eliminate polio have nearly succeeded. Above, a medical worker administers polio drops to an infant in Agartala, India, Jan. 18, 2015. Photo: Jayanta Dey/Reuters Related Stories WHO Confirms Cases Of Vaccine-Driven Polio Outbreak In Ukraine, Mali Malaria Helped Kill Off Roman Empire: Study The Gates Foundation also is active in the fight against malaria, a major killer of children. Nearly half the world’s population is at risk of the disease, with 212 million cases reported in 2015 and an estimated 429,000 deaths. Since 2019, malaria rates have fallen 29 percent. Buffett donated $31 billion to the Gates Foundation in 2006, in hopes the money would be used to fight AIDS. Approximately 78 million people worldwide, 1.1 million in the U.S., are infected with HIV, the virus that causes AIDS, with 2 million new cases reported in 2014. The scourge started in the last 1970s and by the end of 1985, there was at least one case in every region of the world. Genentech CEO and Apple Chairman Arthur D. Levinson heads up Calico, which uses Google’s cloud and data centers to mine data on disease and aging. Google CEO Larry Page has indicated the project’s aim is to extend human life by as much as 100 years. Among the other diseases, the Gates Foundation has targeted are enteric and diarrheal diseases, neglected tropical diseases, pneumonia and tuberculosis. Join the Discussion Most Read Stay connected to the biggest stories unfolding in technology. The IBTech Newsletter keeps you connected to the biggest stories unfolding in technology. Please enter a valid email Business US Companies Continue Moving Jobs To Mexico Despite the threats of a 35 percent tariff, American companies are moving forward to lay off hundreds of US jobs. Technology Leaked Branding Hints At Samsung Galaxy S8 Plus A popular tech informant has shared the name of one of the Galaxy S8 models. World Snowden Says Report Proves He Never Spied For Russia Edward Snowden, who was given refuge in Russia in 2013, is facing espionage charges in the U.S. for leaking documents about secret mass surveillance programs. National Dossier On Trump-Russia Ties Gaining Credibility: Report While people didn't take the documents seriously when they first came to light, a large number are reassessing their stance following Trump’s stand on Russia during his campaign. © Copyright 2017 IBT Media Inc. All Rights Reserved. IBT About Us Advertise with Us Media Kit Terms of Service Privacy Policy Editions Australia China India Italy Japan Singapore United Kingdom United States
Bloomberg the Company & Its ProductsBloomberg Anywhere Remote LoginBloomberg Anywhere LoginBloomberg Terminal Demo Request Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Philanthropy & Engagement Bloomberg London Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Philanthropy & Engagement Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Bloomberg London Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Advertising Bloomberg Media Distribution Bloomberg Live Conferences Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center MENU Homepage Markets Stocks Currencies Commodities Rates + Bonds Economics Magazine Benchmark Watchlist Economic Calendar Tech U.S. Global Startups Cybersecurity Digital Media Bloomberg Technology TV Hello World Studio 1.0 Pursuits Cars & Bikes Style & Grooming Spend Watches & Gadgets Food & Drinks Travel Real Estate Art & Design Politics With All Due Respect Global Risk Briefing How We’ll Know if Trump Is Making America Great Again Tracking Trump’s Web of Conflicts The Inauguration of Donald J. Trump On the March in Trump’s Capital Opinion View Gadfly Businessweek Subscribe Cover Stories Opening Remarks Etc Features 85th Anniversary Issue Behind The Cover More Science + Energy Graphics Game Plan Small Business Personal Finance Inspire GO The David Rubenstein Show Sponsored Content Bloomberg About The Company Sign In Sign In Subscribe Bad-Tempered Brexit Talks Loom as May’s Demands Irk Europe by Ian Wishart @IanWishart More stories by Ian Wishart February 9, 2017, 7:01 PM EST February 10, 2017, 7:14 AM EST U.K.’s threats only hardening EU’s position, diplomats say Britain’s financial contributions one of biggest hurdles Clegg: U.K. Single-Market Plans a 'Logical Impossibility' U.K. Prime Minister Theresa May’s vision for Brexit is antagonizing European Union governments, raising the risk that negotiations deteriorate into a bust-up even worse than first expected. May’s initial demands –- and warnings over what she will do with taxes or security if she doesn’t get her way -– are elevating the likelihood that the U.K. leaves the bloc in 2019 without an exit deal, let alone the sweeping trade pact it seeks, according to five Brussels-based diplomats who spoke on condition of anonymity. The decline in sentiment comes less than two months before May plans to open discussions by invoking Article 50 of the Lisbon Treaty and suggests she may need to modify her approach to ensure the breakup doesn’t end up hurting both economies.  Sign up to receive the Brexit Bulletin in your inbox, and follow @Brexit on Twitter. “It’s going to be very complicated, very messy,” former Finnish Prime Minister Alexander Stubb told Bloomberg Television this week. “When you’re negotiating Article 50, you’re talking about 200,000 pages of secondary legislation -- it’s not going to be easy to just get out.” For a QuickTake Q&A on what Theresa May’s Brexit dream means for Britain, click here. The messages from the diplomats are that EU governments are preparing to enforce their line that the U.K. can’t be better off outside the bloc than inside it and that they value safeguarding their own interests and regional stability above the need to maintain good relations with the U.K. While the diplomats acknowledged there is likely to be a long back-and-forth and that May has merely made an opening gambit, they said officials have been surprised by how combative the U.K. has been so far. “The EU faces an existential crisis,” said Malcolm Barr, an economist at JPMorgan Chase & Co. “It will prioritize a deal which fosters coherence among the 27 and which demonstrates to all the disadvantages of leaving, even if that comes at a short-run economic cost to itself.” Large Sums May outlined her strategy in a January speech and formally published it last week. She aims to leave the single market for goods and services, quit sending large sums of money to Brussels, clamp down on immigration and recapture law-making powers. As for trade, she wants a “bold and ambitious’’ commercial relationship with the EU but also the freedom to negotiate accords with other countries. Theresa May has put herself in "a very difficult position" over Brexit, @nick_clegg says https://t.co/yIS1jM4CIU pic.twitter.com/cLvTuPjCLZ— Bloomberg Brexit (@Brexit) February 10, 2017 She argues the relationship she envisages would benefit the EU too by ensuring easy trade across the English Channel and warns both economies would suffer if a pact can’t be struck. “It is in everybody’s interest to find an arrangement, to find a partnership between us that actually meets the needs on both sides,’’ May told the New Statesman magazine this week. “I don’t feel I have a weak hand.’’ Still, governments couldn’t avoid noticing that May’s pitch was laced with menace, the diplomats said. She suggested failure to land a deal could prompt the U.K. to cut taxes to maintain competitiveness and also hinted it could withhold security cooperation from its neighbors. Her willingness to engage with U.S. President Donald Trump also raised eyebrows. “She’s taken this huge strategic decision to ally herself with Donald Trump which has ruffled a lot of feathers,” former U.K. Deputy Prime Minister Nick Clegg said in an interview with Bloomberg Television on Friday. Diplomats across the EU “are mystified as to why she hasn’t tried to create more space to come to a more workable, a more moderate accommodation.” Hardening Positions British efforts to find allies among the other 27 EU states and undercut the European Commission in Brussels would risk hardening positions, the diplomats said. The U.K. has already started bulking up the status of embassies in central and eastern Europe. It has also yet to guarantee the rights of EU citizens currently living in the U.K., which outnumber Britons on the continent. How the talks will actually fare may be evident early on. An immediate flashpoint is set to be the haggling over Britain’s exit bill. Running to an estimated 60 billion euros ($64 billion), it comprises various financial commitments, such as pension obligations to EU officials and past pledges to the bloc’s budget and projects. Strategic Priorities U.K. Trade Secretary Liam Fox last week called the idea of such a bill “absurd” and the government has said it won’t pay for any EU projects signed after last November unless they “provide strong value for money and are in line with domestic strategic priorities.” The European Commission this week reiterated that Britain’s financial commitments “should be honored in full.’’ The structure of the talks will also prove nettlesome even as both sides agree they need to wrap up around October 2018 so as to give the British and European parliaments time to debate the draft plans. EU negotiator Michel Barnier maintains that settling the terms of divorce must come before discussions about a future relationship. That would put paid to May’s hopes of striking a new trade deal within two years, although European Parliament point-person Guy Verhofstadt recently said parallel discussions should be possible. While British businesses and London-based banks are also keen for there to be a transitional period after the day of Brexit to acclimatize, Barnier says that will be a matter for deep into the discussions. That could be a problem for May as an agreement could come too late to stop jobs and operations moving overseas. Recent evidence suggests May will struggle to divide and conquer the EU. The bloc has broadly stuck to its commitment not to hold even informal talks with the British until Article 50 is activated, while all its leaders say the U.K. will be unable to “cherry pick’’ the best bits of EU membership. ‘Situation Outside’ “Britain’s situation outside must be less favorable than the situation it’s had inside,” EU Economics Commissioner Pierre Moscovici said in an interview in Belgium’s Le Soir newspaper on Friday. “Mrs. May will negotiate for British interests; we will negotiate for the interests of Europe at 27.” Instead of fracturing, the EU’s other 27 nations have used the time to carry out intensive preparations among themselves. National officials spent the past weeks lobbying Barnier and his team in Brussels to ensure pet causes such as Ireland’s border with the U.K. and which waters French fishermen can access aren’t ignored when the talks start. Barnier now has about 25 members of various European nationalities, drawing expertise mainly from the European Commission in differing policy areas, including specialists in financial services, the budget, trade and law. “The British may over-estimate the strength of the cards they hold,” Charles Grant, director of the Centre for European Reform, said in a note. “That means that May and her ministers should conduct the talks in a sober, courteous and modest manner.” Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal. LEARN MORE Most Read Trump Vows to Fight as Appeals Court Thwarts Immigration Ban Now Under Armour Has a Trump Problem, Too White House: Cohn-Led Tax Plan Is Real and It’s Phenomenal Trumpflation Is Running Out of Gas Trump Weighs New Immigration Order With Next Legal Moves Unclear Terms of Service Trademarks Privacy Policy ©2017 Bloomberg L.P. All Rights Reserved Careers Made in NYC Advertise Ad Choices Website Feedback Help
Skip to navigation Skip to content Skip to footer View text version of this page Help using this website - Accessibility statement Menu The Age World Subscribe Login Sign-up Become a The Age member today Join today and you can easily save your favourite articles, join in the conversation and comment, plus select which news your want direct to your inbox. Create your account now! Become a The Age member today Join today and you can easily save your favourite articles, join in the conversation and comment, plus select which news your want direct to your inbox. Create your account now! Home News Sport Business Politics World Comment Property Entertainment Lifestyle Travel Cars Tech Video All News Victoria News National Environment Health Education Investigations Galleries Clique Photos Good Weekend NSW News ACT News Queensland WA News Sport AFL Ultimate Footy Cricket Soccer Racing Netball NRL Union Motorsport Basketball Tennis Scores Cycling Golf US Sports Athletics Boxing Swimming Business News & Views Markets Quotes Workplace Consumer Property Innovation Retail Economy CBD Money Small Business World Race to the White House Migrant Crisis Politics Political News Political Opinion Video Cartoons The Pulse Federal Election 2016 Your Vote Electorate Map Comment Letters Editorial Obituaries View from the Street John Birmingham Satire The Zone Entertainment Movies TV & Radio Music Books Art Stage Melbourne Film Festival What's On in Melbourne Video Box Office Lifestyle News & Views Life & Relationships Health & Wellbeing Beauty Fashion Horoscopes Celebrity Home The Optimist Tech News Security Web Culture Innovation Sci-Tech Gadgets Games Smartphone Apps Mobiles IT Pro Video News Sport Business Entertainment Lifestyle Travel Property Cars Food Exec Style Parenting Search Site Home World ANALYSIS February 10 2017 Save Print Donald Trump's war on Dodd-Frank, the act that prevents another global financial crisis Paul McGeough Follow on Twitter 43 reading now facebook SHARE twitter TWEET email google-plus linkedin reddit More ﻿ Washington: Ah yes, the forgotten people. Donald Trump pledged to watch out for downtrodden, hardscrabble America, for the little guys who got screwed as fat cats made off like bandits - remember? Play Video Replay Video Play Video Don't Play Up Next Trump looks at new immigration order Play Video Don't Play Video duration 01:26 More World News Videos Previous slide Next slide Video duration 03:37 Trump accuses courts of being 'so ... Trump accuses courts of being 'so political' Donald Trump reads to US police chiefs the portion of law he says supports his immigration ban, and takes a swipe at the legal process which has halted it. Up Next Trump looks at new immigration order Play Video Don't Play Video duration 01:26 Video duration 01:26 Trump looks at new immigration order Trump looks at new immigration order US President Donald Trump said during a surprise visit with reporters aboard Air Force One en route to Florida that he was considering "a brand new order" that could be issued as soon as Monday or Tuesday. Up Next French presidential hopeful Macron dismisses affair Play Video Don't Play Video duration 01:09 Video duration 01:09 French presidential hopeful Macron ... French presidential hopeful Macron dismisses affair France's presidential election campaign lurched deeper into uncertainty on Tuesday after centrist Emmanuel Macron was forced to deny an extramarital affair while financial scandal continued to dog conservative rival Francois Fillon. Up Next Japan to pursue 'free, fair' market with US Play Video Don't Play Video duration 00:32 Video duration 00:32 Japan to pursue 'free, fair' market with ... Japan to pursue 'free, fair' market with US Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe says he and President Donald Trump have confirmed their will to build a free and fair market based on rules, following Trump's decision to withdraw from the Trans-Pacific Partnership. Up Next Race to save stranded whales in New Zealand Play Video Don't Play Video duration 00:41 Video duration 00:41 Race to save stranded whales in New ... Race to save stranded whales in New Zealand Rescuers race to save hundreds of pilot whales at New Zealand's picturesque Golden Bay in one of the country's largest recorded mass strandings. Up Next US appeals court upholds suspension of Trump travel ban Play Video Don't Play Video duration 00:32 Video duration 00:32 US appeals court upholds suspension of ... US appeals court upholds suspension of Trump travel ban President Donald Trump was handed another legal defeat on Thursday when the 9th Circuit Court of Appeals ruled to uphold a lower court's decision to block his controversial travel ban from seven Muslim-majority countries. Up Next Federal appeals court won't reinstate travel ban Play Video Don't Play Video duration 01:09 Video duration 01:09 Federal appeals court won't reinstate ... Federal appeals court won't reinstate travel ban A federalÂ appealsÂ court refused Thursday to reinstate President Donald Trump's ban on travellers from seven predominantly Muslim nations, dealing another legal setback to the new administration's immigration policy. Up Next Spicer cites 'Atlanta terrorist attack', meant Orlando Play Video Don't Play Video duration 01:25 Video duration 01:25 Spicer cites 'Atlanta terrorist attack', ... Spicer cites 'Atlanta terrorist attack', meant Orlando Trump's press secretary Sean Spicer referred to a mysterious Atlanta terrorist attack when justifying the travel ban, but the White House says he "clearly meant Orlando". More videos Trump accuses courts of being 'so political' Donald Trump reads to US police chiefs the portion of law he says supports his immigration ban, and takes a swipe at the legal process which has halted it. Now, the people Trump cast as Wall Street monsters crowd his administration, mysteriously reborn as the architects of a dangerous new economic strategy. Key in that strategy is what Trump describes as "doing a big number" on the Dodd-Frank Act, which Trump denounces, as "a disaster", and which Republicans deride as "Obamacare for banks". SHARE Share on Facebook SHARE Share on Twitter TWEET Pin to Pinterest PIN Link The Dodd-Frank Act was enacted to prevent another GFC which saw thousands of foreclosures in the US. Photo: Bloomberg The 2010 act provides the protective rails that might guard against a repeat of the corporate and financial excesses that triggered the 2008-09 global financial crisis, by attempting to rein in the wild mortgage practices and risky bets that contributed to so many of Trump's forgotten people losing their jobs, retirement savings and homes. The act also authorised the government to wind up big financial firms that are in trouble; to monitor threats to the financial system; and to oversee the huge and complex derivatives market, the crazy ways of which also fuelled the financial crisis. Advertisement Also on Trump's chopping block is the arcanely titled Fiduciary Rule – it requires retirement financial advisers to act decently and put the interests of their clients above their own in a market with an estimated value of $US25 trillion ($32 trillion). The rule is due to come into effect in April 2017. SHARE Share on Facebook SHARE Share on Twitter TWEET Pin to Pinterest PIN Link US President Donald Trump signs an executive order calling for a rewriting of major provisions of the 2010 Dodd-Frank Act. Photo: New York Times Trump closed out his campaign with a searing advertisement in which he warned against a "corrupt establishment". Speaking over images of Wall Street and casting the likes of Goldman Sachs chief Lloyd Blankfein as lepers, Trump railed against "a global power structure that is responsible for the economic decisions that have robbed our working class – stripped our country of its wealth and put that money into the pockets of a handful of large corporations". And on inauguration day, Trump kept "the establishment" in his sights: "The establishment protected itself, but not the citizens of our country. Their victories have not been your victories. Their triumphs have not been your triumphs, and while they celebrated in our nation's capital, there was little to celebrate for struggling families all across our land." SHARE Share on Facebook SHARE Share on Twitter TWEET Pin to Pinterest PIN Link Senator Elizabeth Warren took on Wells Fargo CEO John Stumpf in a Senate hearing. Photo: Bloomberg So Trump might have been believed when he pledged to drain the swamp. But by the yardstick of his campaign rhetoric, effluent is flooding back in – Steven Mnuchin, his pick for treasury secretary, Gary Cohn, chair of his national economic council, and Stephen Bannon, his chief strategist, are all Goldman Sachs veterans. Other "establishment" billionaires have been welcomed to the corridors of power too. SHARE Share on Facebook SHARE Share on Twitter TWEET Pin to Pinterest PIN Link Then-president Barack Obama signed the Dodd-Frank Act in 2010.  Photo: New York Times Remember Trump's blast at hedge fund managers – "paper pushers" who "get away with murder"? The half-billionaire Mnuchin is a hedge fund manager who salivates as he promises to "kill" Dodd-Frank. Then there's Jamie Dimon, a senior banker who Trump singled out in a reverential mention during a White House pow-wow for the Wall Street establishment last week: "There's nobody better to tell me about Dodd-Frank than Jamie, so you're going to tell me about it." SHARE Share on Facebook SHARE Share on Twitter TWEET Pin to Pinterest PIN Link Former Goldman Sachs president Gary Cohn is Trump's national economic council chief. Photo: Bloomberg As CEO of the country's biggest bank, Dimon is well known to financial regulators. In the years since the global financial crisis, his JP Morgan Chase has paid almost $US30 billion in fines for its dodgy dealing. Correct – billions with a B. And breaking that figure down reveals a certain versatility in screw-you banking – $US13.4 billion for lying to investors about its mortgages; $US5.3 billion for illegal foreclosures – using fake documents to kick Americans out of their homes; $US2.1 billion for violating US sanction laws on terrorism and WMD proliferation; $US614 million for defrauding the US government; $US300 million for manipulating interest rates; $US410 million for fixing the energy markets; $US267 million for undisclosed conflicts of interest; and $3.95 billion for assorted other violations. SHARE Share on Facebook SHARE Share on Twitter TWEET Pin to Pinterest PIN Link Wells Fargo CEO John Stumpf testifies before the Senate Banking Committee in September.  Photo: AP Oh, JP Morgan Chase was also ordered to refund $US309 million it had bilked credit card holders. All of which prompted this tweet from Americans for Financial Reform, which advocates for Dodd-Frank: SHARE Share on Facebook SHARE Share on Twitter TWEET Pin to Pinterest PIN Link Donald Trump meets with business leaders at the White House. Photo: Bloomberg "So Jamie Dimon does know Dodd-Frank – like a mobster knows RICO [the laws the US used to go after the Mafia among others]." So Jamie Dimon does know Dodd-Frank -- like a mobster knows RICO 12/— AFR (@RealBankReform) February 3, 2017 In the ructions over Trump's migration crackdown, the President's scene-setting for doing away with Dodd-Frank and the Fiduciary Rule has garnered little attention in the midst of a blizzard of executive orders, memorandums and declarations of intent. In the Obama years, an army of corporate lobbyists and lawyers invested hundreds of millions of dollars fighting Dodd-Frank – as it went through congress and again in a subsequent, tortuous process of drafting the regulation through which the Act was being implemented. Dodd-Frank also established the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau (CFPB), a heroic agency that has clawed back more than $US12 billion for millions of "forgotten" Americans who were victims of abusive mortgage, credit-card and other lending vehicles by "establishment" financial institutions that continued their robber baron ways after the Great Recession. Trump parses his economic plans as help for both Wall Street and workers, by releasing them from regulatory constraints to allow banks to lend more to companies, which, he says, will then hire more workers. "We expect to be cutting a lot out of Dodd-Frank, because frankly, I have so many people, friends of mine that had nice businesses, they can't borrow money," Trump said during a meeting with business leaders in the State Dining Room at the White House. "They just can't get any money because the banks just won't let them borrow it because of the rules and regulations in Dodd-Frank." In truth, in talking about "nice businesses" that can't borrow Trump appears to be talking about himself – much of his recent borrowing have been from the German Deutsche Bank, because after his serial defaults and bankruptcies American banks shied away from lending to him; and surveys show that as few as 4 per cent of small businesses, a historic low, are unhappy with current loan availability. In a derisory attack on the Fiduciary Rule, Trump's new national economic council chief Gary Cohn told The Wall Street Journal: "We think it's a bad rule … like putting only health food on the menu, because unhealthy food tastes good. But you still shouldn't eat it because you might die younger." Sticking to his restaurant analogy, Cohn described Trump's reform pronouncement as a "table setter for a bunch of stuff that is coming, [including] dismantling the Dodd-Frank Act and replace it with new policies to encourage economic growth and job creation. "Americans are going to have better choices and Americans are going to have better products because we're not going to burden the banks with literally hundreds of billions of dollars of regulatory costs every year," he told the Journal. But New York Times economics commentator Paul Krugman turned Cohn's restaurant analogy on its head. Denouncing Trump's economic policies as empowering ethically challenged businesses to cheat and exploit "the little guy", he writes: "If you want a better analogy, it's like preventing restaurants from claiming that their 1400-calorie portions are health food." In 2015, an Obama administration study found that the kind of "conflicted investment advice" that would become illegal under the Fiduciary Rule reduced total earning for retirees by about 1 per cent – that's a whopping $US17 billion a year that, Krugman points out, mostly ends up in the pockets of financial-industry players. "The administration apparently plans to turn over financial regulation to Wall Street titan Goldman Sachs, and make it easier for them and other big banks like Wells Fargo to steal from their customers and destabilise the economy," says Lisa Donner, the executive director of Americans for Financial Reform. "That betrays the promises Trump made to stand up to Wall Street." Captured at the height of last year's election campaign, the Wells Fargo scandal, alluded to by Donner, was a credibility-enhancing scalp for the fledgling CFPB. Wells Fargo, with 40 million retail customers, was fined $US185 million for a scam in which the bank signed millions of customers up for accounts, credit cards, and services without their consent or knowledge – an industrial scale machine for raking in extra fees that known by the industry term "cross selling". The bank sacked more than 5000 lowly staffers. But senior executives got off scot-free, provoking a sensational showdown at a Senate hearing in September 2016, in which Massachusetts senator and consumer-protection firebrand Elizabeth Warren eviscerated Wells Fargo CEO John Stumpf. Reminding many Democrats of why she would have been a more effective Democratic presidential candidate than Hillary Clinton, Warren opened by focusing on an oft-stated Stumpf claim: "I am accountable." Warren: … what have you actually done to hold yourself accountable? Have you resigned as CEO or chairman of Wells Fargo? Stumpf: No, I have not. Warren: Alright. Have you returned one nickel of the millions of dollars that you were paid while this scam was going on? Stumpf: Well, first of all, this was by 1 per cent of our people. Warren: That's not my question. This is about responsibility. Have you returned one nickel of the millions of dollars that you were paid while this scam was going on? [...] Warren: OK, so you haven't resigned, you haven't returned a single nickel of your personal earnings, you haven't fired a single senior executive. Instead evidently your definition of "accountable" is to push the blame to your low-level employees who don't have the money for a fancy PR firm to defend themselves. It's gutless leadership … "You know, here is what really gets me about this, Mr Stumpf. If one of your tellers took a handful of $20 bills out of the cash drawer, they probably would be looking at criminal charges for theft. "They could end up in prison. But you squeezed your employees to the breaking point so they would cheat customers and you could drive up the value of your stock and put hundreds of millions of dollars in your own pocket. "And when it all blew up, you kept your job, you kept your multimillion-dollar bonuses and you went on television to blame thousands of $12 an hour employees who were just trying to meet cross-sell quotas that made you rich. This is about accountability. You should resign … "But Wall Street executives almost never hold themselves accountable. "Not now, and not in 2008 when they crushed the worldwide economy." After that Stumpf was shamed into quitting. But Wall Street being what it is, Stumpf was "let go", to coin that quaint Americanism for being sacked, with a $US130-plus million package to salve his wounded dignity. Trump does not have the power to dispatch Dodd-Frank with a stroke of his presidential pen – because it is an act of Congress. But Republicans have signalled that in the face of resistance in Congress, they would resort to a time-honoured practice of neutering the act, by chipping away at the regulations and crippling the agencies that implement them by slashing their funding. In laying out his plan to euthanise the Dodd-Frank Act, Trump declared: "The American dream is back." As Wall Street waged guerilla warfare on the Dodd-Frank Act in 2009, then-president Barack Obama, for whom saving the economy after the 2008-09 financial crisis and Dodd-Frank are legacy jewels, famously remarked: "I didn't run for office to be helping out a bunch of fat cat bankers on Wall Street." Fast forward to the 2016 presidential campaign, and Americans would be forgiven for thinking Trump was saying the same thing. But there you go… Advertisement Most Popular As Trump pivots, his administration gets a reality check Jihadist's regret: 'I thought they were the real Muslim caliphate' Donald Trump plans travel ban backflip after court ruling, reports say Boyfriend to accept charges over Emily Collie's death in jet-ski crash France's Hollywood presidential candidate is gaining ground Follow Fairfax Foreign Share on FacebookFacebook Share on TwitterTwitter Follow The Age Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on EmailNewsletters Advertisement Most Viewed Today Previous slide Next slide World Donald Trump plans travel ban backflip after court ruling, reports say Boyfriend to accept charges over Emily Collie's death in jet-ski crash Jihadist's regret: 'I thought they were the real Muslim caliphate' As Trump pivots, his administration gets a reality check Donald Trump says new action on immigration to be issued next week The Age Massive spider claims six seats for itself on busy Melbourne train First openly gay AFL player couple: "We're proud, and proud of each other" Norwegian Star cruise liner broken down and drifting near Melbourne AFP under fire over support services after experienced officer's death The Sydney Morning Herald Threat of blackouts looms as NSW bakes in heatwave Sea World dolphin show sabotaged by activists Donald Trump plans travel ban backflip after court ruling, reports say 'Lie with the dog, you're going to come up with fleas' Brisbane Times Brisbane's 2016 food hall of shame revealed Sea World dolphin show sabotaged by activists Two far north Queensland punters win lotto three days apart Oh boy. It's meant to be 39 degrees in Brisbane on Sunday Canberra Times Three children in hospital after crash on Kings Highway Bush towns to bid for Canberra departments Total fire ban to extend into Sunday as temperatures exceed 40 degrees Police seek witnesses after man and woman shot in Gordon Rain forecast and cooler temperatures on the way WA Today 'Puff, puff, pass': How WA's dolphins are using blowfish to get high Perth freeway hit and run pursuit caught on dash camera Wet and wild weather cancels Perth's weekend plans Northam residents evacuating as a precaution as flood waters rise Get Started Subscribe today for unlimited access from only 50c a day The Age Share via Email Share on Facebook Share on Google Plus Share on Twitter RSS Feed Products and Services AM Edition PM Edition The AGE for iPad Today's Paper Subscribe Manage My Subscription Subscriber Hub Corporate Subscriptions Digital Subscription FAQs Good Food Guide The Store by Fairfax Newsletters The Age Sitemap About Us Contact Us Subscribers Advertise With Us Text Version Site Accessibility Guide Classifieds Place an Ad Cars Dating Jobs Real Estate Commercial Real Estate Oneflare Nabo Tributes Celebrations Our Sites SMH The Age AFR.com Adzuna Domain Drive RSVP Essential Baby Home Price Guide Weatherzone Fairfax Media Member Centre News Store Archive Fairfax Syndication Careers Events Press Council Copyright © 2017Fairfax Media Website Feedback Info Save articles for later. Ok, Got it Info Subscribe for unlimited access to news. Login to save articles. Ok, Got it Info Return to the homepage by clicking on the site logo. Ok, Got it
Skip to navigation Skip to content Skip to footer View text version of this page Help using this website - Accessibility statement Menu The Sydney Morning Herald News site of the year World Subscribe Login Sign-up Become a SMH member today! Join today and you can easily save your favourite articles, join in the conversation and comment, plus select which news your want direct to your inbox. Create account now! Become a SMH member today! Join today and you can easily save your favourite articles, join in the conversation and comment, plus select which news your want direct to your inbox. Create account now! Home News Sport Business World Politics Comment Property Entertainment Lifestyle Travel Cars Tech Video All News NSW News National Environment Health Education Investigations Good Weekend Galleries Clique Photos Victoria News Queensland ACT News WA News Sport NRL Union AFL Football Cricket Racing Motorsport Basketball Netball Cycling Tennis Scores Golf US Sports Athletics Swimming Boxing Sailing Business News & Views Markets Quotes Workplace Consumer Property Innovation Retail Economy CBD Money Small Business World Race to the White House Migrant Crisis Politics Political News Political Opinion Video Cartoons The Pulse Federal Election 2016 Your Vote Electorate Map Comment Letters Editorials Column 8 Obituaries Peter Hartcher Ross Gittins Jessica Irvine John Birmingham Satire Entertainment Movies TV & Radio Music Books Art Stage What's On in Sydney Video Shop Art Lifestyle News & Views Life & Relationships Health & Wellbeing Beauty Fashion Horoscopes Celebrity Home The Optimist Tech News Security Web Culture Innovation Sci-Tech Gadgets Games Smartphone Apps Mobiles IT Pro Video News Sport Business Entertainment Lifestyle Travel Property Cars Food Exec Style Parenting Search Site Home World ANALYSIS February 10 2017 Save Print Donald Trump's war on Dodd-Frank, the act that prevents another global financial crisis Paul McGeough Follow on Twitter 34 reading now facebook SHARE twitter TWEET email google-plus linkedin reddit More ﻿ Washington: Ah yes, the forgotten people. Donald Trump pledged to watch out for downtrodden, hardscrabble America, for the little guys who got screwed as fat cats made off like bandits - remember? Play Video Replay Video Play Video Don't Play Up Next Trump looks at new immigration order Play Video Don't Play Video duration 01:26 More World News Videos Previous slide Next slide Video duration 03:37 Trump accuses courts of being 'so ... Trump accuses courts of being 'so political' Donald Trump reads to US police chiefs the portion of law he says supports his immigration ban, and takes a swipe at the legal process which has halted it. Up Next Trump looks at new immigration order Play Video Don't Play Video duration 01:26 Video duration 01:26 Trump looks at new immigration order Trump looks at new immigration order US President Donald Trump said during a surprise visit with reporters aboard Air Force One en route to Florida that he was considering "a brand new order" that could be issued as soon as Monday or Tuesday. Up Next French presidential hopeful Macron dismisses affair Play Video Don't Play Video duration 01:09 Video duration 01:09 French presidential hopeful Macron ... French presidential hopeful Macron dismisses affair France's presidential election campaign lurched deeper into uncertainty on Tuesday after centrist Emmanuel Macron was forced to deny an extramarital affair while financial scandal continued to dog conservative rival Francois Fillon. Up Next Japan to pursue 'free, fair' market with US Play Video Don't Play Video duration 00:32 Video duration 00:32 Japan to pursue 'free, fair' market with ... Japan to pursue 'free, fair' market with US Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe says he and President Donald Trump have confirmed their will to build a free and fair market based on rules, following Trump's decision to withdraw from the Trans-Pacific Partnership. Up Next Race to save stranded whales in New Zealand Play Video Don't Play Video duration 00:41 Video duration 00:41 Race to save stranded whales in New ... Race to save stranded whales in New Zealand Rescuers race to save hundreds of pilot whales at New Zealand's picturesque Golden Bay in one of the country's largest recorded mass strandings. Up Next US appeals court upholds suspension of Trump travel ban Play Video Don't Play Video duration 00:32 Video duration 00:32 US appeals court upholds suspension of ... US appeals court upholds suspension of Trump travel ban President Donald Trump was handed another legal defeat on Thursday when the 9th Circuit Court of Appeals ruled to uphold a lower court's decision to block his controversial travel ban from seven Muslim-majority countries. Up Next Federal appeals court won't reinstate travel ban Play Video Don't Play Video duration 01:09 Video duration 01:09 Federal appeals court won't reinstate ... Federal appeals court won't reinstate travel ban A federalÂ appealsÂ court refused Thursday to reinstate President Donald Trump's ban on travellers from seven predominantly Muslim nations, dealing another legal setback to the new administration's immigration policy. Up Next Spicer cites 'Atlanta terrorist attack', meant Orlando Play Video Don't Play Video duration 01:25 Video duration 01:25 Spicer cites 'Atlanta terrorist attack', ... Spicer cites 'Atlanta terrorist attack', meant Orlando Trump's press secretary Sean Spicer referred to a mysterious Atlanta terrorist attack when justifying the travel ban, but the White House says he "clearly meant Orlando". More videos Trump accuses courts of being 'so political' Donald Trump reads to US police chiefs the portion of law he says supports his immigration ban, and takes a swipe at the legal process which has halted it. Now, the people Trump cast as Wall Street monsters crowd his administration, mysteriously reborn as the architects of a dangerous new economic strategy. Key in that strategy is what Trump describes as "doing a big number" on the Dodd-Frank Act, which Trump denounces, as "a disaster", and which Republicans deride as "Obamacare for banks". SHARE Share on Facebook SHARE Share on Twitter TWEET Pin to Pinterest PIN Link The Dodd-Frank Act was enacted to prevent another GFC which saw thousands of foreclosures in the US. Photo: Bloomberg The 2010 act provides the protective rails that might guard against a repeat of the corporate and financial excesses that triggered the 2008-09 global financial crisis, by attempting to rein in the wild mortgage practices and risky bets that contributed to so many of Trump's forgotten people losing their jobs, retirement savings and homes. The act also authorised the government to wind up big financial firms that are in trouble; to monitor threats to the financial system; and to oversee the huge and complex derivatives market, the crazy ways of which also fuelled the financial crisis. Advertisement Also on Trump's chopping block is the arcanely titled Fiduciary Rule – it requires retirement financial advisers to act decently and put the interests of their clients above their own in a market with an estimated value of $US25 trillion ($32 trillion). The rule is due to come into effect in April 2017. SHARE Share on Facebook SHARE Share on Twitter TWEET Pin to Pinterest PIN Link US President Donald Trump signs an executive order calling for a rewriting of major provisions of the 2010 Dodd-Frank Act. Photo: New York Times Trump closed out his campaign with a searing advertisement in which he warned against a "corrupt establishment". Speaking over images of Wall Street and casting the likes of Goldman Sachs chief Lloyd Blankfein as lepers, Trump railed against "a global power structure that is responsible for the economic decisions that have robbed our working class – stripped our country of its wealth and put that money into the pockets of a handful of large corporations". And on inauguration day, Trump kept "the establishment" in his sights: "The establishment protected itself, but not the citizens of our country. Their victories have not been your victories. Their triumphs have not been your triumphs, and while they celebrated in our nation's capital, there was little to celebrate for struggling families all across our land." SHARE Share on Facebook SHARE Share on Twitter TWEET Pin to Pinterest PIN Link Senator Elizabeth Warren took on Wells Fargo CEO John Stumpf in a Senate hearing. Photo: Bloomberg So Trump might have been believed when he pledged to drain the swamp. But by the yardstick of his campaign rhetoric, effluent is flooding back in – Steven Mnuchin, his pick for treasury secretary, Gary Cohn, chair of his national economic council, and Stephen Bannon, his chief strategist, are all Goldman Sachs veterans. Other "establishment" billionaires have been welcomed to the corridors of power too. SHARE Share on Facebook SHARE Share on Twitter TWEET Pin to Pinterest PIN Link Then-president Barack Obama signed the Dodd-Frank Act in 2010.  Photo: New York Times Remember Trump's blast at hedge fund managers – "paper pushers" who "get away with murder"? The half-billionaire Mnuchin is a hedge fund manager who salivates as he promises to "kill" Dodd-Frank. Then there's Jamie Dimon, a senior banker who Trump singled out in a reverential mention during a White House pow-wow for the Wall Street establishment last week: "There's nobody better to tell me about Dodd-Frank than Jamie, so you're going to tell me about it." SHARE Share on Facebook SHARE Share on Twitter TWEET Pin to Pinterest PIN Link Former Goldman Sachs president Gary Cohn is Trump's national economic council chief. Photo: Bloomberg As CEO of the country's biggest bank, Dimon is well known to financial regulators. In the years since the global financial crisis, his JP Morgan Chase has paid almost $US30 billion in fines for its dodgy dealing. Correct – billions with a B. And breaking that figure down reveals a certain versatility in screw-you banking – $US13.4 billion for lying to investors about its mortgages; $US5.3 billion for illegal foreclosures – using fake documents to kick Americans out of their homes; $US2.1 billion for violating US sanction laws on terrorism and WMD proliferation; $US614 million for defrauding the US government; $US300 million for manipulating interest rates; $US410 million for fixing the energy markets; $US267 million for undisclosed conflicts of interest; and $3.95 billion for assorted other violations. SHARE Share on Facebook SHARE Share on Twitter TWEET Pin to Pinterest PIN Link Wells Fargo CEO John Stumpf testifies before the Senate Banking Committee in September.  Photo: AP Oh, JP Morgan Chase was also ordered to refund $US309 million it had bilked credit card holders. All of which prompted this tweet from Americans for Financial Reform, which advocates for Dodd-Frank: SHARE Share on Facebook SHARE Share on Twitter TWEET Pin to Pinterest PIN Link Donald Trump meets with business leaders at the White House. Photo: Bloomberg "So Jamie Dimon does know Dodd-Frank – like a mobster knows RICO [the laws the US used to go after the Mafia among others]." So Jamie Dimon does know Dodd-Frank -- like a mobster knows RICO 12/— AFR (@RealBankReform) February 3, 2017 In the ructions over Trump's migration crackdown, the President's scene-setting for doing away with Dodd-Frank and the Fiduciary Rule has garnered little attention in the midst of a blizzard of executive orders, memorandums and declarations of intent. In the Obama years, an army of corporate lobbyists and lawyers invested hundreds of millions of dollars fighting Dodd-Frank – as it went through congress and again in a subsequent, tortuous process of drafting the regulation through which the Act was being implemented. Dodd-Frank also established the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau (CFPB), a heroic agency that has clawed back more than $US12 billion for millions of "forgotten" Americans who were victims of abusive mortgage, credit-card and other lending vehicles by "establishment" financial institutions that continued their robber baron ways after the Great Recession. Trump parses his economic plans as help for both Wall Street and workers, by releasing them from regulatory constraints to allow banks to lend more to companies, which, he says, will then hire more workers. "We expect to be cutting a lot out of Dodd-Frank, because frankly, I have so many people, friends of mine that had nice businesses, they can't borrow money," Trump said during a meeting with business leaders in the State Dining Room at the White House. "They just can't get any money because the banks just won't let them borrow it because of the rules and regulations in Dodd-Frank." In truth, in talking about "nice businesses" that can't borrow Trump appears to be talking about himself – much of his recent borrowing have been from the German Deutsche Bank, because after his serial defaults and bankruptcies American banks shied away from lending to him; and surveys show that as few as 4 per cent of small businesses, a historic low, are unhappy with current loan availability. In a derisory attack on the Fiduciary Rule, Trump's new national economic council chief Gary Cohn told The Wall Street Journal: "We think it's a bad rule … like putting only health food on the menu, because unhealthy food tastes good. But you still shouldn't eat it because you might die younger." Sticking to his restaurant analogy, Cohn described Trump's reform pronouncement as a "table setter for a bunch of stuff that is coming, [including] dismantling the Dodd-Frank Act and replace it with new policies to encourage economic growth and job creation. "Americans are going to have better choices and Americans are going to have better products because we're not going to burden the banks with literally hundreds of billions of dollars of regulatory costs every year," he told the Journal. But New York Times economics commentator Paul Krugman turned Cohn's restaurant analogy on its head. Denouncing Trump's economic policies as empowering ethically challenged businesses to cheat and exploit "the little guy", he writes: "If you want a better analogy, it's like preventing restaurants from claiming that their 1400-calorie portions are health food." In 2015, an Obama administration study found that the kind of "conflicted investment advice" that would become illegal under the Fiduciary Rule reduced total earning for retirees by about 1 per cent – that's a whopping $US17 billion a year that, Krugman points out, mostly ends up in the pockets of financial-industry players. "The administration apparently plans to turn over financial regulation to Wall Street titan Goldman Sachs, and make it easier for them and other big banks like Wells Fargo to steal from their customers and destabilise the economy," says Lisa Donner, the executive director of Americans for Financial Reform. "That betrays the promises Trump made to stand up to Wall Street." Captured at the height of last year's election campaign, the Wells Fargo scandal, alluded to by Donner, was a credibility-enhancing scalp for the fledgling CFPB. Wells Fargo, with 40 million retail customers, was fined $US185 million for a scam in which the bank signed millions of customers up for accounts, credit cards, and services without their consent or knowledge – an industrial scale machine for raking in extra fees that known by the industry term "cross selling". The bank sacked more than 5000 lowly staffers. But senior executives got off scot-free, provoking a sensational showdown at a Senate hearing in September 2016, in which Massachusetts senator and consumer-protection firebrand Elizabeth Warren eviscerated Wells Fargo CEO John Stumpf. Reminding many Democrats of why she would have been a more effective Democratic presidential candidate than Hillary Clinton, Warren opened by focusing on an oft-stated Stumpf claim: "I am accountable." Warren: … what have you actually done to hold yourself accountable? Have you resigned as CEO or chairman of Wells Fargo? Stumpf: No, I have not. Warren: Alright. Have you returned one nickel of the millions of dollars that you were paid while this scam was going on? Stumpf: Well, first of all, this was by 1 per cent of our people. Warren: That's not my question. This is about responsibility. Have you returned one nickel of the millions of dollars that you were paid while this scam was going on? [...] Warren: OK, so you haven't resigned, you haven't returned a single nickel of your personal earnings, you haven't fired a single senior executive. Instead evidently your definition of "accountable" is to push the blame to your low-level employees who don't have the money for a fancy PR firm to defend themselves. It's gutless leadership … "You know, here is what really gets me about this, Mr Stumpf. If one of your tellers took a handful of $20 bills out of the cash drawer, they probably would be looking at criminal charges for theft. "They could end up in prison. But you squeezed your employees to the breaking point so they would cheat customers and you could drive up the value of your stock and put hundreds of millions of dollars in your own pocket. "And when it all blew up, you kept your job, you kept your multimillion-dollar bonuses and you went on television to blame thousands of $12 an hour employees who were just trying to meet cross-sell quotas that made you rich. This is about accountability. You should resign … "But Wall Street executives almost never hold themselves accountable. "Not now, and not in 2008 when they crushed the worldwide economy." After that Stumpf was shamed into quitting. But Wall Street being what it is, Stumpf was "let go", to coin that quaint Americanism for being sacked, with a $US130-plus million package to salve his wounded dignity. Trump does not have the power to dispatch Dodd-Frank with a stroke of his presidential pen – because it is an act of Congress. But Republicans have signalled that in the face of resistance in Congress, they would resort to a time-honoured practice of neutering the act, by chipping away at the regulations and crippling the agencies that implement them by slashing their funding. In laying out his plan to euthanise the Dodd-Frank Act, Trump declared: "The American dream is back." As Wall Street waged guerilla warfare on the Dodd-Frank Act in 2009, then-president Barack Obama, for whom saving the economy after the 2008-09 financial crisis and Dodd-Frank are legacy jewels, famously remarked: "I didn't run for office to be helping out a bunch of fat cat bankers on Wall Street." Fast forward to the 2016 presidential campaign, and Americans would be forgiven for thinking Trump was saying the same thing. But there you go… Advertisement Most Popular As Trump pivots, his administration gets a reality check Lebanese court rules homosexuality is not a crime, but persecution continues Donald Trump plans travel ban backflip after court ruling, reports say Jihadist's regret: 'I thought they were the real Muslim caliphate' Kiwis race to rescue whales as 200 more come in Follow Fairfax Foreign Share on FacebookFacebook Share on TwitterTwitter Follow SMH Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on EmailNewsletters Advertisement Most Viewed Today Previous slide Next slide World Donald Trump plans travel ban backflip after court ruling, reports say Boyfriend to accept charges over Emily Collie's death in jet-ski crash As Trump pivots, his administration gets a reality check Jihadist's regret: 'I thought they were the real Muslim caliphate' Donald Trump says new action on immigration to be issued next week The Sydney Morning Herald Threat of blackouts looms as NSW bakes in heatwave Donald Trump plans travel ban backflip after court ruling, reports say Sea World dolphin show sabotaged by activists Inside the explosive far-right fundraiser where Muslims are fair game The Age Massive spider claims six seats for itself on busy Melbourne train First openly gay AFL player couple: "We're proud, and proud of each other" Norwegian Star cruise liner broken down and drifting near Melbourne AFP under fire over support services after experienced officer's death Brisbane Times Brisbane's 2016 food hall of shame revealed Sea World dolphin show sabotaged by activists Two far north Queensland punters win lotto three days apart Oh boy. It's meant to be 39 degrees in Brisbane on Sunday Canberra Times Total fire ban to extend into Sunday as temperatures exceed 40 degrees Bush towns to bid for Canberra departments Three children in hospital after crash on Kings Highway Police seek witnesses after man and woman shot in Gordon Rain forecast and cooler temperatures on the way WA Today 'Puff, puff, pass': How WA's dolphins are using blowfish to get high Perth freeway hit and run pursuit caught on dash camera Wet and wild weather cancels Perth's weekend plans Northam residents evacuating as a precaution as flood waters rise Four seasons in one day ... in one country down under Get Started Subscribe today for unlimited access from only 50c a day The Sydney Morning Herald Share via Email Share on Facebook Share on Google Plus Share on Twitter RSS Feed Products and Services AM Edition PM Edition SMH for iPad Today's Paper Subscribe Manage My Subscription Subscriber Hub Corporate Subscriptions Digital Subscription FAQs Good Food Guide The Store by Fairfax Newsletters Sydney Morning Herald Sitemap About Us Contact Us Subscribers Advertise With Us Text Version Site Accessibility Guide Classifieds Place an Ad Cars Dating Jobs Real Estate Commercial Real Estate Oneflare Nabo Tributes Celebrations Our Sites SMH The Age AFR.com Adzuna Domain Drive RSVP Essential Baby Home Price Guide Weatherzone Fairfax Media Member Centre News Store Archive Fairfax Syndication Careers Events Press Council Copyright © 2017Fairfax Media Website Feedback Info Save articles for later. Ok, Got it Info Subscribe for unlimited access to news. Login to save articles. Ok, Got it Info Return to the homepage by clicking on the site logo. Ok, Got it
Business Home LBoard Adenan’s son campaigns for Mom and finds Dad’s calling Bernama Read More FMT BAHASA FMT BORNEO+ FMT VIDEO CONTRIBUTE NEWS HOME NATION OPINION WORLD LEISURE SPORTS BUSINESS ADVERTISE WITH US Moody’s raises Indonesia outlook, top minister takes a dig at S&P Reuters | February 10, 2017 Officials have long been hoping for a ratings upgrade from Standard & Poor's, which has kept Indonesian debts at junk status. JAKARTA: Indonesian authorities welcomed a credit outlook upgrade by Moody’s as a sign investors are increasingly comfortable with the country, while the chief economics minister chastised Standard & Poor’s for holding back an investment-grade rating. Moody’s Investors Service upgraded its credit outlook on Indonesia sovereign debt to “positive” from “stable” late on Wednesday and reaffirmed its Baa3 ratings, the lowest notch for investment grade debt. The agency noted that Southeast Asia’s largest economy is now less vulnerable to external shocks and has a lengthening track record of economic stability and fiscal discipline. This followed a similar December move by Fitch, which has an equivalent BBB- rating, and comes as Indonesia’s policymakers seek to attract more foreign investment when emerging market assets globally are under stress. Late last year, the government sanctioned JP Morgan Chase & Co. for downgrading the country’s equity market. Finance Minister Sri Mulyani Indrawati said in January she was concerned the downgrade could fuel a stampede out of the country’s assets. Bank Indonesia Governor Agus Martowardojo said the Moody’s upgraded outlook showed international recognition of the country’s “success in maintaining macroeconomic and financial stability that create a conducive environment for sustainable growth”. On Thursday, Indrawati said the government will continue to strengthen policies to “rationalize risk perception”. Officials have long been hoping for a ratings upgrade from Standard & Poor’s, which has kept Indonesian debts at junk status. Fitch Ratings gave Indonesia an investment grade ratings in 2011 and Moody’s in 2012. Minister’s views But Darmin Nasution, the chief economics minister, said investors should dismiss the fact S&P still has not given an investment grade rating. “We don’t know what (S&P’s) problem is. Its explanations change all the time… If it keeps changing its mind, don’t listen to it,” Nasution told reporters. S&P declined to comment on the difference between its assessment and that of its competitors. In a report in January, S&P said that although the US November election caused some initial weakness in the rupiah, investors have been buying Indonesian bonds. “We continue to see this confidence as contingent upon continued progress in reforms to foreign investment policy, fuel subsidies and ease of doing business,” S&P said. Jean-Charles Sambor, deputy head of emerging market fixed income at BNP Paribas Investment Partners in London, said “Among the three agencies, S&P has been more conservative in its assessment of Indonesia but we expect them to be the next one to upgrade.” Moody’s said key drivers of its change in outlook were smaller current account deficit and higher foreign exchange reserves. Indonesia’s current account deficit in 2016’s last quarter was its smallest in five years, while foreign exchange reserves at end-January were the highest since August 2011. Challenges in revenue collection were highlighted by Moody’s as a risk. The rating agency also warned it could lower the outlook if reform efforts unravel. Moody’s said it would upgrade Indonesia’s ratings if the government reduces reliance on external debt, while at the same time strengthening its financial institutions. On Thursday, Indonesian bonds rallied across the board both in the local currency and dollar bond markets. The rally saw yields falling 6-7 basis points in the rupiah government bonds. The Indonesian sovereign sector has been the best performer in the JPMorgan Asia Credit Index in 2017 with a return of 4.01 percent. Comments Readers are required to have a valid Facebook account to comment on this story. We welcome your opinions to allow a healthy debate. We want our readers to be responsible while commenting and to consider how their views could be received by others. Please be polite and do not use swear words or crude or sexual language or defamatory words. FMT also holds the right to remove comments that violate the letter or spirit of the general commenting rules. The views expressed in the contents are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of FMT. Comments Share this story Previous Story Next Story Varsities told to go for quality, not quantity Two new studies uncover more health benefits of whole grains ROS Med.Rect 1 Taboola ROS 1 ROS Med.Rect 2 Most Read News Too legit to quit… gangs try their hand at business Form Two girl admits to having many sex partners It’s murder, so call it that, lawyers urge police Azmin stands his ground on ‘minister to resign’… Malaysia reaches for the moon, no, really, the real moon Thousands gathered at Jakarta mosque urged to vote for… Name the minister or you’re lying, Najib tells Azmin Geely could steer Proton in right direction, says think-tank Spooked by anti-China talk, Forest City developer courts… Mideast investors getting wary of Malaysia, says Ideas ROS Med.Rect 3 Opinion SB Easy to blame picky grads, what about the bosses? Is it so hard to make a sex offenders list? Will China be a factor in the elections? The return of a convicted rapist Of paintbrushes and mindless enforcement Mengapa Melayu Islam perlu bantah usul PAS pinda akta syariah More... FMT Bahasa Sertai PH: PPBM beri PAS sebulan untuk buat keputusan 3 pesakit ‘virus misteri’ sah kena kencing tikus Mati dalam tahanan: Peguam desak klasifikasi kes bunuh Azmin sengaja buat cerita, kata Ismail Sabri Pelihara keharmonian negara, jangan iktiraf UEC, kata Perkasa Anifah tak letak jawatan, Azmin cuba bohongi rakyat, kata Zahid More... Misc Ads – Movie Content Facebook Page Home | About Us | Disclaimers / Copyright | Advertise | Contact Us | Copyright (C) 2009-2016 MToday News Sdn. Bhd. All Rights Reserved.
Sections Nightly News MSNBC Meet the Press Dateline Today Search Search Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on Google Plus Email page link Secondary Navigation Sections U.S. World Local Politics Investigations Health Mach Tech Science Pop Culture Lifestyle Business Weather Sports Latino Asian America NBCBLK NBC OUT Top Ongoing Lethal Injection Dakota Pipeline Protests TV Nightly News Meet The Press Dateline Today Featured NBC News VR Your Business Inspiring America NBCBLK28 Multimedia Video Photo More From NBC Sports CNBC MSNBC.com NBC.com NBC Learn Re/Code Peacock Productions Next Steps for Vets Parent Toolkit NBC News works best with JavaScript turned on Feedback advertisement advertisement Business Business News Consumer Travel Economy Personal Finance Markets Business Feb 3 2017, 12:38 pm ET Trump Met with CEOs of America’s Largest Companies to Push Pro-Jobs Agenda by Lucy Bayly President Donald Trump delivers opening remarks at the beginning of a policy forum with, from left, PepsiCo CEO Indra Nooyi, Blackstone Group Chairman and CEO Stephen Schwarzman, General Motors CEO Mary Barra and other business leaders in the State Dining Room at the White House on Feb. 3. Chip Somodevilla / Getty Images Share Share Tweet Share Comment Email Print advertisement President Donald Trump convened with the heads of some of America's largest corporations on Friday at the White House for a meeting intended to make good on the administration's pledge to reduce regulation, promote women in the workplace, and cut taxes. Meeting with biggest business leaders this morning. Good jobs are coming back to U.S., health care and tax bills are being crafted NOW!— Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) February 3, 2017 Jack Welch, former CEO of General Electric, told CNBC it had been a "fabulous meeting" and said the president "engaged forcefully" on every topic. Steve Schwarzman, CEO of private equity firm Blackstone and chairman of the council that arranged Friday's meeting, said the session had been "spirited intellectually" and that the members had had a "balanced discussion" about "taxes, trade, infrastructure, women's issues, education, and how to bring home jobs in terms of training people in technology." Other attendees at Friday's business huddle included members of Trump's economic advisory council, such as JPMorgan's Jamie Dimon, Walt Disney's Bob Iger, Wal-Mart CEO Doug McMillon, and Mary Barra of General Motors. The meeting also included First Daughter Ivanka Trump and her husband Jared Kushner, senior adviser to the president; as well as Vice President Mike Pence and White House Chief Strategist Steve Bannon. One notable absentee was Uber CEO Travis Kalanick, who resigned from his spot on the president's council Thursday amid fierce backlash from customers furious at Kalanick's seeming connection to Trump's controversial immigration ban that limits travel to America from seven predominantly Muslim countries. Kalanick said Thursday that his participation on Trump's council was not meant to be construed as any endorsement of Trump's policies. However, billionaire inventor and environmentalist Elon Musk, also heavily criticized for his position on the board due to seemingly contradictory stances with Trump, has not shied away from his role. In contrast to Kalanick, Musk tweeted a message on Thursday explaining that he was remaining on the board in order to "serve the greater good." Regarding the meeting at the White House: pic.twitter.com/8b1XH4oW6h— Elon Musk (@elonmusk) February 3, 2017 Corporate America is struggling to please an increasing divide: Customers and investors who oppose Trump's hard-line policies, and those who applaud his strong-arm techniques. And many business leaders on the president's council are stuck between a rock and a hard place as they seek to advise — or at least appease — the president while remaining firm on their own values and satisfying those of their client base. Related: Many CEOs 'Scared Out of Their Minds', Won't Speak Out Against Trump Trump has already called out several major companies via Twitter, including General Motors, L.L. Bean, and Ford. In December, he tweeted, "Boeing is building a brand new 747 Air Force One for future presidents, but costs are out of control, more than $4 billion. Cancel order!" Following his tweet, Boeing stocks slid by more than 1 percent in premarket trade. Lucy Bayly Email Topics Business News, Politics News First Published Feb 3 2017, 12:38 pm ET Next Story Top Fed Regulator to Resign in April, Setting Stage for Trump Shakeup advertisement advertisement advertisement About Us Careers Contact Privacy Policy New Terms of Service nbcnews.com Site Map Advertise AdChoices © 2017 NBCnews.com
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy   Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Dun & Bradstreet Corporation (The) - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Dun & Bradstreet Corporation (The) with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Zacks Investment Research Upgrades Tsingtao Brewery Co Ltd (TSGTY) to Buy JMP Securities Lowers SPS Commerce, Inc. (SPSC) Price Target to $74.00 Syros Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (SYRS) Stock Rating Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research Patterson-UTI Energy, Inc. (PTEN) Upgraded to Outperform by Wolfe Research Dunkin’ Brands Group, Inc. (DNKN) Upgraded to Hold by Zacks Investment Research Css LLC Il Has $1,436,000 Position in News Corporation (NWSA) Humana Inc. (HUM) Position Boosted by Css LLC Il Css LLC Il Has $1,269,000 Position in Pennantpark Floating Rate Capital Ltd (PFLT) Css LLC Il Has $2,429,000 Position in Sohu.com Inc. (SOHU) Ally Financial Inc. (ALLY) Stake Held by Css LLC Il HM Payson & Co. Continues to Hold Stake in Aqua America, Inc. (WTR) Equities Analysts Offer Predictions for Forage Orbit Garant Inc’s Q3 2017 Earnings (OGD) Thomson Reuters Corp (TRI) PT Lowered to C$56.50 at Royal Bank Of Canada HM Payson & Co. Sells 6,440 Shares of Spirit Aerosystems Holdings, Inc. (SPR) 5,000,914 Shares in Hewlett Packard Enterprise Company (HPE) Acquired by Empyrean Capital Partners LP Empyrean Capital Partners LP Buys New Stake in American International Group, Inc. (AIG) Thomaspartners Inc. Lowers Stake in Plains All American Pipeline, L.P. (PAA) Thomaspartners Inc. Decreases Position in The Charles Schwab Corporation (SCHW) Cummins Inc. (CMI) Stake Raised by HM Payson & Co. American International Group, Inc. (AIG) Stake Reduced by HM Payson & Co. Dun & Bradstreet Corporation (The) (DNB) Stock Price Down 16.8% on Disappointing Earnings February 9th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Tyrone Williams Filed Under: Finance - Price Articles Tweet Shares of Dun & Bradstreet Corporation (The) (NYSE:DNB) fell 16.8% during trading on Thursday following a dissappointing earnings announcement. The stock traded as low as $100.46 and last traded at $101.88, with a volume of 1,986,569 shares trading hands. The stock had previously closed at $122.47. The company reported $2.99 EPS for the quarter, missing the consensus estimate of $3.04 by $0.05. Dun & Bradstreet Corporation (The) had a net margin of 5.70% and a negative return on equity of 24.33%. The business had revenue of $517.10 million for the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $513.94 million. During the same quarter in the previous year, the firm posted $2.87 earnings per share. The business’s revenue was up 2.5% on a year-over-year basis. The firm also recently disclosed a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Friday, March 10th. Shareholders of record on Thursday, February 23rd will be paid a dividend of $0.5025 per share. This represents a $2.01 annualized dividend and a yield of 1.97%. This is a boost from Dun & Bradstreet Corporation (The)’s previous quarterly dividend of $0.48. Dun & Bradstreet Corporation (The)’s payout ratio is presently 73.11%. Several brokerages have commented on DNB. Goldman Sachs Group, Inc. (The) upgraded shares of Dun & Bradstreet Corporation (The) from a “sell” rating to a “neutral” rating and lifted their price objective for the company from $112.00 to $120.00 in a research note on Friday, January 20th. Zacks Investment Research upgraded shares of Dun & Bradstreet Corporation (The) from a “sell” rating to a “hold” rating in a research note on Monday, November 28th. Finally, William Blair restated a “market perform” rating on shares of Dun & Bradstreet Corporation (The) in a research note on Monday, October 17th. One investment analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating and four have assigned a hold rating to the stock. The stock presently has an average rating of “Hold” and a consensus price target of $125.75. Several institutional investors have recently bought and sold shares of DNB. Dimensional Fund Advisors LP raised its stake in shares of Dun & Bradstreet Corporation (The) by 2.8% in the second quarter. Dimensional Fund Advisors LP now owns 179,261 shares of the company’s stock valued at $21,839,000 after buying an additional 4,905 shares during the last quarter. Teacher Retirement System of Texas raised its stake in shares of Dun & Bradstreet Corporation (The) by 31.1% in the second quarter. Teacher Retirement System of Texas now owns 2,580 shares of the company’s stock valued at $314,000 after buying an additional 612 shares during the last quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. raised its stake in shares of Dun & Bradstreet Corporation (The) by 160.8% in the second quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 35,728 shares of the company’s stock valued at $4,353,000 after buying an additional 22,028 shares during the last quarter. William Blair Investment Management LLC bought a new stake in shares of Dun & Bradstreet Corporation (The) during the second quarter valued at approximately $153,413,000. Finally, Neuberger Berman Group LLC raised its stake in shares of Dun & Bradstreet Corporation (The) by 8.1% in the second quarter. Neuberger Berman Group LLC now owns 21,692 shares of the company’s stock valued at $2,643,000 after buying an additional 1,626 shares during the last quarter. Hedge funds and other institutional investors own 91.13% of the company’s stock. The company has a 50 day moving average of $122.47 and a 200 day moving average of $127.72. The company has a market capitalization of $3.75 billion, a P/E ratio of 38.94 and a beta of 1.39. TRADEMARK VIOLATION NOTICE: “Dun & Bradstreet Corporation (The) (DNB) Stock Price Down 16.8% on Disappointing Earnings” was published by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are viewing this piece on another domain, it was copied illegally and republished in violation of international copyright and trademark legislation. The original version of this piece can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/02/09/dun-bradstreet-corporation-the-dnb-stock-price-down-16-8-on-disappointing-earnings.html. Dun & Bradstreet Corporation (The) Company Profile The Dun & Bradstreet Corporation is the source of commercial data, analytics and insight on businesses. The Company operates through two segments: Americas, which consists of its operations in the United States, Canada and Latin America, and Non-Americas, which consists of its operations in the United Kingdom, the Netherlands, Belgium, Greater China and India. Receive News & Ratings for Dun & Bradstreet Corporation (The) Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Dun & Bradstreet Corporation (The) and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News White House Announces Conway Was Counseled Warren Receives Support After GOP Formally Silences Her Report: Trump Was Not Completely Briefed on Bannon NSC Seat Justice Department Will Challenge Stop to Travel Ban President Trump Cancels Harley-Davidson Trip Due to Possible Protests © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy   Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Cabot Oil & Gas Corporation - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Cabot Oil & Gas Corporation with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Michael Rapino Sells 210,000 Shares of Live Nation Entertainment, Inc. (LYV) Stock Blackrock Throgmorton Trust PLC (THRG) Increases Dividend to GBX 6.25 Per Share Pattern Energy Group Inc. (PEGI) Stock Rating Lowered by Zacks Investment Research Analysts Issue Forecasts for Akamai Technologies, Inc.’s Q1 2017 Earnings (AKAM) Allergan PLC. (AGN) Forecasted to Post Q1 2017 Earnings of $3.55 Per Share AngioDynamics, Inc. (ANGO) Receives $16.63 Average Target Price from Brokerages Sanatana Resources Inc (STA) Director Peter Leighton Miles Purchases 372,000 Shares of Stock Alexander & Baldwin Holdings, Inc. (ALEX) Director Stanley M. Kuriyama Sells 4,250 Shares Nicholas Financial, Inc. (NICK) Major Shareholder Magnolia Capital Fund, Lp Purchases 19,196 Shares Brokerages Anticipate Air Methods Corporation (AIRM) to Post $0.61 Earnings Per Share Owens Corning Inc (OC) Upgraded to Hold by Zacks Investment Research Avon Products, Inc. (AVP) Forecasted to Post Q1 2017 Earnings of $0.05 Per Share Analysts Offer Predictions for Camden Property Trust’s Q1 2017 Earnings (CPT) Jefferies Group Comments on CenturyLink, Inc.’s Q1 2017 Earnings (CTL) Brokerages Set Computer Programs and Systems, Inc. (CPSI) Price Target at $34.55 Seaport Global Securities Brokers Cut Earnings Estimates for Diamond Offshore Drilling, Inc. (DO) Daniel Kerzner Sells 36,000 Shares of Alarm.com Holdings, Inc. (ALRM) Stock Elissa Fink Sells 5,000 Shares of Tableau Software, Inc. (DATA) Stock Eaton Vance Tax-Managed Global Buy-Write (ETW) to Issue $0.10 Monthly Dividend Fiserv, Inc. to Post Q1 2017 Earnings of $1.18 Per Share, SunTrust Banks Forecasts (FISV) Cabot Oil & Gas Corporation (COG) Shares Bought by State Street Corp February 10th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Latisha Jones Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet State Street Corp increased its stake in shares of Cabot Oil & Gas Corporation (NYSE:COG) by 5.7% during the fourth quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The firm owned 31,020,291 shares of the oil and gas exploration company’s stock after buying an additional 1,672,075 shares during the period. State Street Corp owned approximately 6.67% of Cabot Oil & Gas Corporation worth $724,630,000 at the end of the most recent reporting period. Several other hedge funds and other institutional investors also recently added to or reduced their stakes in COG. Sanders Capital LLC raised its stake in shares of Cabot Oil & Gas Corporation by 46.1% in the third quarter. Sanders Capital LLC now owns 17,933,061 shares of the oil and gas exploration company’s stock worth $472,013,000 after buying an additional 5,660,006 shares in the last quarter. BlackRock Institutional Trust Company N.A. raised its stake in shares of Cabot Oil & Gas Corporation by 1.3% in the third quarter. BlackRock Institutional Trust Company N.A. now owns 11,906,371 shares of the oil and gas exploration company’s stock worth $307,184,000 after buying an additional 151,663 shares in the last quarter. Neuberger Berman Group LLC raised its stake in shares of Cabot Oil & Gas Corporation by 4.1% in the third quarter. Neuberger Berman Group LLC now owns 9,729,535 shares of the oil and gas exploration company’s stock worth $251,022,000 after buying an additional 387,192 shares in the last quarter. BlackRock Fund Advisors raised its stake in shares of Cabot Oil & Gas Corporation by 1.8% in the third quarter. BlackRock Fund Advisors now owns 8,502,595 shares of the oil and gas exploration company’s stock worth $219,367,000 after buying an additional 154,268 shares in the last quarter. Finally, Pioneer Investment Management Inc. raised its stake in shares of Cabot Oil & Gas Corporation by 3.8% in the third quarter. Pioneer Investment Management Inc. now owns 6,807,780 shares of the oil and gas exploration company’s stock worth $175,640,000 after buying an additional 249,823 shares in the last quarter. Institutional investors own 94.12% of the company’s stock. Cabot Oil & Gas Corporation (NYSE:COG) traded down 0.66% on Friday, hitting $24.07. 3,994,329 shares of the stock were exchanged. The firm’s market cap is $11.20 billion. Cabot Oil & Gas Corporation has a 52-week low of $18.48 and a 52-week high of $26.74. The company has a 50-day moving average price of $22.46 and a 200-day moving average price of $23.33. The firm also recently announced a quarterly dividend, which was paid on Thursday, February 9th. Stockholders of record on Thursday, January 26th were paid a dividend of $0.02 per share. This represents a $0.08 dividend on an annualized basis and a dividend yield of 0.33%. The ex-dividend date was Tuesday, January 24th. Cabot Oil & Gas Corporation’s payout ratio is -14.55%. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY WARNING: “Cabot Oil & Gas Corporation (COG) Shares Bought by State Street Corp” was originally published by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are accessing this news story on another website, it was illegally stolen and republished in violation of U.S. and international copyright and trademark law. The legal version of this news story can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/02/10/cabot-oil-gas-corporation-cog-shares-bought-by-state-street-corp.html. A number of brokerages have recently commented on COG. Scotiabank set a $29.00 price objective on shares of Cabot Oil & Gas Corporation and gave the stock a “buy” rating in a research report on Monday. Susquehanna Bancshares Inc boosted their price objective on shares of Cabot Oil & Gas Corporation and gave the stock a “neutral” rating in a research report on Tuesday. JPMorgan Chase & Co. raised shares of Cabot Oil & Gas Corporation from a “neutral” rating to an “overweight” rating and upped their price target for the stock from $26.00 to $27.00 in a research report on Monday. Bank of America Corporation lowered shares of Cabot Oil & Gas Corporation from a “buy” rating to an “underperform” rating and dropped their price target for the stock from $27.00 to $21.00 in a research report on Wednesday, January 4th. Finally, Barclays PLC raised shares of Cabot Oil & Gas Corporation from an “equal weight” rating to an “overweight” rating and upped their price target for the stock from $22.00 to $25.00 in a research report on Monday, January 23rd. One analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, nine have given a hold rating, eleven have assigned a buy rating and one has given a strong buy rating to the stock. The stock has an average rating of “Buy” and an average target price of $27.30. About Cabot Oil & Gas Corporation Cabot Oil & Gas Corporation is an independent oil and gas company engaged in the development, exploitation and exploration of oil and gas properties. The Company operates in the segment of natural gas and oil development, exploitation, exploration and production, in the continental United States. Its assets are concentrated in areas with known hydrocarbon resources, which are conducive to multi-well, repeatable drilling programs. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding COG? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Cabot Oil & Gas Corporation (NYSE:COG). Receive News & Ratings for Cabot Oil & Gas Corporation Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Cabot Oil & Gas Corporation and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News White House Announces Conway Was Counseled Warren Receives Support After GOP Formally Silences Her Report: Trump Was Not Completely Briefed on Bannon NSC Seat Justice Department Will Challenge Stop to Travel Ban President Trump Cancels Harley-Davidson Trip Due to Possible Protests © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy   Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance SBA Communications Corporation - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for SBA Communications Corporation with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Glu Mobile Inc. (GLUU) Trading Down 12.4% on Disappointing Earnings Bombardier Inc (BDRBF) Receives $2.13 Average Target Price from Analysts Piedmont Office Realty Trust, Inc. (PDM) Receives $21.88 Consensus Target Price from Brokerages Brokerages Set California Water Service Group Holding (CWT) Price Target at $31.00 Jefferies Group Weighs in on WellCare Health Plans, Inc.’s Q1 2017 Earnings (WCG) Bonterra Energy Corp (BNE) to Post Q4 2016 Earnings of $0.01 Per Share, Cormark Forecasts Seagate Technology PLC (STX) Short Interest Update Limelight Networks, Inc. (LLNW) Stock Price Up 8.5% After Better-Than-Expected Earnings Zacks: RXi Pharmaceuticals Corporation (RXII) Given $8.00 Consensus Target Price by Analysts Louisiana-Pacific Corporation (LPX) Lifted to Strong-Buy at Zacks Investment Research Royal Bank Of Canada Increases Thomson Reuters Corp (TRI) Price Target to C$61.00 Eaton Vance Tax Managed Buy Write Opport (ETV) To Go Ex-Dividend on February 16th Eaton Vance Floating-Rate Income Trust (EFT) To Go Ex-Dividend on February 16th Q4 2016 EPS Estimates for Parsley Energy, Inc. (PE) Boosted by Analyst Sysorex Global (SYRX) Given Average Recommendation of “Strong Buy” by Brokerages Magic Software Enterprises Ltd. (MGIC) Given $8.50 Consensus Target Price by Analysts FY2016 Earnings Estimate for First Majestic Silver Corp. Issued By Desjardins (FR) Treehouse Foods, Inc. (THS) Trading 12.4% Higher Following Earnings Beat Investors Sell Boston Scientific Corporation (BSX) on Strength on Insider Selling Traders Buy Gilead Sciences, Inc. (GILD) on Weakness Following Analyst Downgrade Turner Investments LLC Takes Position in SBA Communications Corporation (SBAC) February 10th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Latisha Jones Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Turner Investments LLC bought a new stake in SBA Communications Corporation (NASDAQ:SBAC) during the fourth quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The fund bought 23,410 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $2,417,000. SBA Communications Corporation accounts for 1.0% of Turner Investments LLC’s portfolio, making the stock its 18th largest position. Several other large investors have also recently modified their holdings of the company. Acrospire Investment Management LLC raised its position in SBA Communications Corporation by 12.5% in the third quarter. Acrospire Investment Management LLC now owns 900 shares of the company’s stock valued at $101,000 after buying an additional 100 shares in the last quarter. MSI Financial Services Inc raised its position in SBA Communications Corporation by 0.7% in the third quarter. MSI Financial Services Inc now owns 920 shares of the company’s stock valued at $103,000 after buying an additional 6 shares in the last quarter. Toronto Dominion Bank raised its position in SBA Communications Corporation by 57.2% in the third quarter. Toronto Dominion Bank now owns 1,083 shares of the company’s stock valued at $121,000 after buying an additional 394 shares in the last quarter. Integrated Investment Consultants LLC raised its position in SBA Communications Corporation by 1.3% in the third quarter. Integrated Investment Consultants LLC now owns 1,675 shares of the company’s stock valued at $186,000 after buying an additional 21 shares in the last quarter. Finally, Great Lakes Advisors LLC bought a new position in SBA Communications Corporation during the third quarter valued at approximately $201,000. 95.23% of the stock is currently owned by hedge funds and other institutional investors. Shares of SBA Communications Corporation (NASDAQ:SBAC) traded down 0.62% during trading on Friday, reaching $106.96. 768,466 shares of the company were exchanged. The stock has a market capitalization of $13.27 billion, a P/E ratio of 132.54 and a beta of 0.72. The firm has a 50-day moving average price of $104.81 and a 200-day moving average price of $108.05. SBA Communications Corporation has a 1-year low of $85.14 and a 1-year high of $118.57. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION WARNING: “Turner Investments LLC Takes Position in SBA Communications Corporation (SBAC)” was first published by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are viewing this story on another publication, it was illegally stolen and republished in violation of U.S. and international copyright law. The correct version of this story can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/02/10/turner-investments-llc-takes-position-in-sba-communications-corporation-sbac.html. SBAC has been the subject of several recent research reports. Guggenheim reiterated a “neutral” rating on shares of SBA Communications Corporation in a research report on Wednesday, December 21st. JPMorgan Chase & Co. upgraded SBA Communications Corporation from a “neutral” rating to an “overweight” rating and set a $130.00 price target for the company in a research report on Wednesday, November 30th. They noted that the move was a valuation call. Zacks Investment Research lowered SBA Communications Corporation from a “hold” rating to a “strong sell” rating in a research report on Thursday, January 5th. BTIG Research restated a “buy” rating and set a $145.00 target price on shares of SBA Communications Corporation in a research report on Wednesday, December 21st. Finally, Macquarie initiated coverage on SBA Communications Corporation in a research report on Tuesday, December 6th. They set a “neutral” rating and a $107.00 target price for the company. Seven investment analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and seven have issued a buy rating to the company’s stock. The company presently has a consensus rating of “Buy” and a consensus target price of $122.77. SBA Communications Corporation Company Profile SBA Communications Corporation is an independent owner and operator of wireless communications tower structures, rooftops and other structures that support antennas used for wireless communications. The Company’s operating segments include site leasing and site development. The site leasing business includes segments, domestic site leasing and international site leasing. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding SBAC? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for SBA Communications Corporation (NASDAQ:SBAC). Receive News & Ratings for SBA Communications Corporation Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for SBA Communications Corporation and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News White House Announces Conway Was Counseled Warren Receives Support After GOP Formally Silences Her Report: Trump Was Not Completely Briefed on Bannon NSC Seat Justice Department Will Challenge Stop to Travel Ban President Trump Cancels Harley-Davidson Trip Due to Possible Protests © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Contact Us Journalists Blog Log In Sign Up Send a Release News Solutions Resources Search News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News dansk Deutsch español Français italiano Nederlands norsk português suomeksi svenska Chicago Mayor To Speak On Diversity At Executives' Club Program News provided by The Executives' Club of Chicago Feb 10, 2017, 17:41 ET Share this article CHICAGO, Feb. 10, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- From defending the city's reputation, to delivering win-win agreements that bring new businesses into the city, the job of Chicago's mayor has never been more high profile or more complex. On February 14, Mayor Rahm Emanuel will speak to his commitment to defending diversity in Chicago, to advancing opportunities for underprivileged communities, and to bridging economic and political insecurities in order to drive a city that flourishes in its diversity. Hear key insights from a highly public leader on the challenges faced by leaders seeking to defend and advance diversity in all its forms, in today's charged environment. Speaker: Rahm Emanuel, Mayor, City of Chicago Moderator: Anna Valencia, Clerk, City of Chicago Event Details Diversity Leadership Series: Tuesday, February 14, 2017 The Mid-America Club – 200 East Randolph Dr., Chicago Registration and Networking: 11:15 a.m.; Lunch Program 12:00 - 1:15 p.m. Diversity Leadership Platinum Series Sponsors:  BMO Harris Bank, Deloitte LLP. Gold Sponsors: Northern Trust, Powers & Sons Construction Company, Ulta Beauty Media Sponsor: The Wall Street Journal Silver Sponsors: JPMorgan Chase, JLL, Ventas About The Executives' Club of Chicago: The Executives' Club of Chicago is the city's premier membership and networking organization focused on senior executives networking, development and innovation. For more information, visit www.ExecutivesClub.org.   To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/chicago-mayor-to-speak-on-diversity-at-executives-club-program-300405832.html SOURCE The Executives' Club of Chicago Related Links http://www.executivesclub.org Feb 02, 2017, 14:30 ET Preview: President & CEO Of Edelman To Discuss Trust At The Executives' Club Of Chicago Program My News Release contains wide tables. View fullscreen. Also from this source Feb 02, 2017, 14:30 ETPresident & CEO Of Edelman To Discuss Trust At The Executives'... Jan 19, 2017, 15:10 ETPanel Of Leaders To Discuss "Making The List: Best Places To Work" Explore More news releases in similar topics Banking & Financial Services You just read: Chicago Mayor To Speak On Diversity At Executives' Club Program News provided by The Executives' Club of Chicago Feb 10, 2017, 17:41 ET Share this article Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire? Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform. Sign up to get started Request more information Have an account? Log In Phone 8AM - 10PM ET +1-888-776-0942 Send a Release Sign Up Blog For Journalists Contact Us Search Searching for your content... Advanced Search Contact PR Newswire 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Chat Online with an Expert Contact Us General Inquiries Request a Demo Editorial Bureaus Partnerships Media Inquiries Worldwide Offices Solutions Cision Communications Cloud™ For Marketers For Public Relations For IR & Compliance For Agency For Small Business All Products About About PR Newswire About Cision Become a Publishing Partner Become a Channel Partner Careers   Global Sites Asia Brazil Canada Europe Finland France India Israel Mexico Middle East Netherlands Sweden United Kingdom My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Terms of Use Privacy Policy Information Security Policy Statement Site Map RSS Feeds Copyright © 2017 PR Newswire Association LLC. All Rights Reserved. A Cision company. News Solutions Resources News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News dansk Deutsch español Français italiano Nederlands norsk português suomeksi svenska Phone +1-888-776-0942 8AM - 10PM ET Chat Chat Online with an Expert All contact info Send a ReleaseLog In
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy   Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance TerraForm Global Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for TerraForm Global Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Michael Rapino Sells 210,000 Shares of Live Nation Entertainment, Inc. (LYV) Stock Blackrock Throgmorton Trust PLC (THRG) Increases Dividend to GBX 6.25 Per Share Pattern Energy Group Inc. (PEGI) Stock Rating Lowered by Zacks Investment Research Analysts Issue Forecasts for Akamai Technologies, Inc.’s Q1 2017 Earnings (AKAM) Allergan PLC. (AGN) Forecasted to Post Q1 2017 Earnings of $3.55 Per Share AngioDynamics, Inc. (ANGO) Receives $16.63 Average Target Price from Brokerages Sanatana Resources Inc (STA) Director Peter Leighton Miles Purchases 372,000 Shares of Stock Alexander & Baldwin Holdings, Inc. (ALEX) Director Stanley M. Kuriyama Sells 4,250 Shares Nicholas Financial, Inc. (NICK) Major Shareholder Magnolia Capital Fund, Lp Purchases 19,196 Shares Brokerages Anticipate Air Methods Corporation (AIRM) to Post $0.61 Earnings Per Share Owens Corning Inc (OC) Upgraded to Hold by Zacks Investment Research Avon Products, Inc. (AVP) Forecasted to Post Q1 2017 Earnings of $0.05 Per Share Analysts Offer Predictions for Camden Property Trust’s Q1 2017 Earnings (CPT) Jefferies Group Comments on CenturyLink, Inc.’s Q1 2017 Earnings (CTL) Brokerages Set Computer Programs and Systems, Inc. (CPSI) Price Target at $34.55 Seaport Global Securities Brokers Cut Earnings Estimates for Diamond Offshore Drilling, Inc. (DO) Daniel Kerzner Sells 36,000 Shares of Alarm.com Holdings, Inc. (ALRM) Stock Elissa Fink Sells 5,000 Shares of Tableau Software, Inc. (DATA) Stock Eaton Vance Tax-Managed Global Buy-Write (ETW) to Issue $0.10 Monthly Dividend Fiserv, Inc. to Post Q1 2017 Earnings of $1.18 Per Share, SunTrust Banks Forecasts (FISV) Quinn Opportunity Partners LLC Holds Position in TerraForm Global, Inc. (GLBL) February 10th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Tyrone Williams Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Quinn Opportunity Partners LLC continued to hold its stake in TerraForm Global, Inc. (NASDAQ:GLBL) during the fourth quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The fund owned 41,913 shares of the company’s stock at the end of the fourth quarter. Quinn Opportunity Partners LLC’s holdings in TerraForm Global were worth $166,000 as of its most recent SEC filing. Other large investors also recently added to or reduced their stakes in the company. Swiss National Bank increased its stake in TerraForm Global by 51.5% in the second quarter. Swiss National Bank now owns 137,032 shares of the company’s stock worth $447,000 after buying an additional 46,600 shares during the last quarter. California Public Employees Retirement System increased its stake in TerraForm Global by 38.6% in the second quarter. California Public Employees Retirement System now owns 146,800 shares of the company’s stock valued at $479,000 after buying an additional 40,900 shares in the last quarter. Quentec Asset Management LLC increased its stake in TerraForm Global by 45.6% in the second quarter. Quentec Asset Management LLC now owns 5,558,918 shares of the company’s stock valued at $18,122,000 after buying an additional 1,741,695 shares in the last quarter. Think Investments LP acquired a new stake in TerraForm Global during the second quarter valued at about $25,698,000. Finally, Schwab Charles Investment Management Inc. increased its stake in TerraForm Global by 16.5% in the second quarter. Schwab Charles Investment Management Inc. now owns 216,834 shares of the company’s stock valued at $707,000 after buying an additional 30,660 shares in the last quarter. Hedge funds and other institutional investors own 52.63% of the company’s stock. TerraForm Global, Inc. (NASDAQ:GLBL) remained flat at $4.60 on Friday. The company’s stock had a trading volume of 387,731 shares. The stock has a 50 day moving average price of $4.22 and a 200 day moving average price of $3.86. The stock’s market cap is $520.85 million. TerraForm Global, Inc. has a 12 month low of $1.92 and a 12 month high of $4.60. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY WARNING: This report was first posted by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are accessing this report on another site, it was copied illegally and reposted in violation of U.S. and international copyright & trademark legislation. The correct version of this report can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/02/10/quinn-opportunity-partners-llc-holds-position-in-terraform-global-inc-glbl.html. GLBL has been the subject of several research reports. JPMorgan Chase & Co. reiterated a “hold” rating and set a $5.00 price objective on shares of TerraForm Global in a research note on Wednesday, November 30th. Avondale Partners upgraded shares of TerraForm Global from a “market perform” rating to an “outperform” rating in a research note on Thursday, February 2nd. Four analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating, one has assigned a buy rating and one has issued a strong buy rating to the company’s stock. TerraForm Global presently has a consensus rating of “Buy” and an average target price of $5.38. About TerraForm Global TerraForm Global, Inc is a renewable energy company. The Company owns and operates clean energy power plants. The Company’s segments include Solar, Wind and Corporate. The Company serves a range of utility, commercial, industrial, residential and government customers through energy production with over 40 projects across approximately 70 sites in various markets. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding GLBL? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for TerraForm Global, Inc. (NASDAQ:GLBL). Receive News & Ratings for TerraForm Global Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for TerraForm Global Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News White House Announces Conway Was Counseled Warren Receives Support After GOP Formally Silences Her Report: Trump Was Not Completely Briefed on Bannon NSC Seat Justice Department Will Challenge Stop to Travel Ban President Trump Cancels Harley-Davidson Trip Due to Possible Protests © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy   Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance SBA Communications Corporation - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for SBA Communications Corporation with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News 34,933 Shares in Avery Dennison Corporation (AVY) Acquired by Gotham Asset Management LLC Clinton Group Inc. Has $1,007,000 Stake in Commercial Metals Company (CMC) Ontario Teachers Pension Plan Board Sells 749 Shares of Camden Property Trust (CPT) Ontario Teachers Pension Plan Board Invests $509,000 in Boyd Gaming Corporation (BYD) Ontario Teachers Pension Plan Board Invests $509,000 in Boyd Gaming Corporation (BYD) UBS Group AG Sells 8,120 Shares of Cooper Companies, Inc. (The) (COO) UBS Group AG Cuts Position in ServisFirst Bancshares, Inc. (SFBS) 224,710 Shares in Tenneco Inc. (TEN) Acquired by The Manufacturers Life Insurance Company The Manufacturers Life Insurance Company Takes Position in Pinnacle Financial Partners, Inc. (PNFP) 603,635 Shares in Provident Financial Services, Inc (PFS) Acquired by The Manufacturers Life Insurance Company The Manufacturers Life Insurance Company Buys Shares of 302,522 Fastenal Company (FAST) The Manufacturers Life Insurance Company Invests $11,963,000 in Cabot Oil & Gas Corporation (COG) Zacks Investment Research Upgrades Jive Software, Inc. (JIVE) to Buy UBS Group AG Sells 35,584 Shares of RR Donnelley & Sons Co (RRD) PRA Health Sciences, Inc. (PRAH) Shares Sold by UBS Group AG PRA Health Sciences, Inc. (PRAH) Shares Sold by UBS Group AG Lazard Asset Management LLC Continues to Hold Position in Aircastle Limited (AYR) Lazard Asset Management LLC Has $204,000 Position in Westpac Banking Corporation (WBK) HBK Investments L P Has $351,000 Stake in Century Aluminum Company (CENX) Cabot Corporation (CBT) Shares Sold by HBK Investments L P State Board of Administration of Florida Retirement System Has $19,584,000 Position in SBA Communications Corporation (SBAC) February 10th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Stacy Sanders Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet State Board of Administration of Florida Retirement System boosted its position in shares of SBA Communications Corporation (NASDAQ:SBAC) by 2.1% during the fourth quarter, according to its most recent filing with the SEC. The firm owned 189,658 shares of the company’s stock after buying an additional 3,937 shares during the period. State Board of Administration of Florida Retirement System owned about 0.15% of SBA Communications Corporation worth $19,584,000 at the end of the most recent reporting period. A number of other hedge funds and other institutional investors have also recently bought and sold shares of SBAC. MSI Financial Services Inc increased its position in SBA Communications Corporation by 0.7% in the third quarter. MSI Financial Services Inc now owns 920 shares of the company’s stock valued at $103,000 after buying an additional 6 shares during the period. Capstone Asset Management Co. increased its position in SBA Communications Corporation by 0.4% in the third quarter. Capstone Asset Management Co. now owns 2,341 shares of the company’s stock valued at $263,000 after buying an additional 10 shares during the period. Integrated Investment Consultants LLC increased its position in SBA Communications Corporation by 1.3% in the third quarter. Integrated Investment Consultants LLC now owns 1,675 shares of the company’s stock valued at $186,000 after buying an additional 21 shares during the period. Grassi Investment Management increased its position in SBA Communications Corporation by 0.3% in the third quarter. Grassi Investment Management now owns 8,925 shares of the company’s stock valued at $1,001,000 after buying an additional 25 shares during the period. Finally, Mn Services Vermogensbeheer B.V. increased its position in SBA Communications Corporation by 1.6% in the third quarter. Mn Services Vermogensbeheer B.V. now owns 3,217 shares of the company’s stock valued at $361,000 after buying an additional 52 shares during the period. Institutional investors and hedge funds own 95.23% of the company’s stock. Shares of SBA Communications Corporation (NASDAQ:SBAC) traded down 0.62% during mid-day trading on Friday, reaching $106.96. The company’s stock had a trading volume of 768,466 shares. The firm has a market capitalization of $13.27 billion, a P/E ratio of 132.54 and a beta of 0.72. The company has a 50 day moving average of $104.81 and a 200-day moving average of $108.05. SBA Communications Corporation has a 12 month low of $85.14 and a 12 month high of $118.57. TRADEMARK VIOLATION NOTICE: “State Board of Administration of Florida Retirement System Has $19,584,000 Position in SBA Communications Corporation (SBAC)” was first posted by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are accessing this article on another domain, it was copied illegally and reposted in violation of United States and international copyright & trademark law. The legal version of this article can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/02/10/state-board-of-administration-of-florida-retirement-system-has-19584000-position-in-sba-communications-corporation-sbac.html. A number of equities research analysts have recently commented on the stock. Zacks Investment Research cut shares of SBA Communications Corporation from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating in a research note on Tuesday, November 8th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. upgraded SBA Communications Corporation from a “neutral” rating to an “overweight” rating and set a $130.00 target price on the stock in a research report on Wednesday, November 30th. They noted that the move was a valuation call. Macquarie began coverage on SBA Communications Corporation in a report on Tuesday, December 6th. They issued a “neutral” rating and a $107.00 price objective on the stock. Guggenheim restated a “neutral” rating on shares of SBA Communications Corporation in a report on Wednesday, December 21st. Finally, BTIG Research restated a “buy” rating and issued a $145.00 price objective on shares of SBA Communications Corporation in a report on Wednesday, December 21st. Seven analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and seven have given a buy rating to the company. SBA Communications Corporation has an average rating of “Buy” and an average target price of $122.77. SBA Communications Corporation Company Profile SBA Communications Corporation is an independent owner and operator of wireless communications tower structures, rooftops and other structures that support antennas used for wireless communications. The Company’s operating segments include site leasing and site development. The site leasing business includes segments, domestic site leasing and international site leasing. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding SBAC? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for SBA Communications Corporation (NASDAQ:SBAC). Receive News & Ratings for SBA Communications Corporation Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for SBA Communications Corporation and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News White House Announces Conway Was Counseled Warren Receives Support After GOP Formally Silences Her Report: Trump Was Not Completely Briefed on Bannon NSC Seat Justice Department Will Challenge Stop to Travel Ban President Trump Cancels Harley-Davidson Trip Due to Possible Protests © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
X Edition: United States Business Business Home Legal Deals Aerospace & Defense Finance Autos Reuters Summits ADventures Data Dive Markets Markets Home U.S. Markets European Markets Asian Markets Global Market Data Indices Stocks Bonds Currencies Commodities Futures Funds Earnings Dividends World World Home U.S. Special Reports Reuters Investigates Euro Zone Middle East China Japan Mexico Brazil Africa Russia India Politics Politics Home Polling Explorer Live: Trump's First 100 Days What Voters Want Supreme Court Tech Technology Home Science Top 100 Global Innovators Media Environment Innovation Commentary Commentary Home Podcasts Breakingviews Breakingviews Home Breakingviews Video Money Money Home Retirement Lipper Awards Analyst Research Stock Screener Fund Screener Life Health Sports Arts Entertainment Oddly Enough Pictures Pictures Home The Wider Image Photographers Focus 360 Video BRIEF-Third Point LLC takes share stake in JPMorgan, Bank of America - SEC... Africa América Latina عربي Argentina Brasil Canada 中国 Deutschland España France India Italia 日本 México РОССИЯ United Kingdom United States Funds News | Fri Feb 10, 2017 | 4:44pm EST BRIEF-Third Point LLC takes share stake in JPMorgan, Bank of America - SEC Filing Feb 10 Third Point Llc * Third Point Llc dissolves share stake in Allergan Plc - SEC Filing * Third Point Llc takes share stake of 1.0 million shares in Anthem Inc * Third Point Llc takes share stake of 3.0 million shares in Conagra Brands Inc * Third Point Llc takes share stake of 1.4 million shares in Honeywell International Inc * Third Point Llc takes share stake of 17.5 million shares in Bank of America * Third Point Llc dissolves share stake in Liberty Global Plc * Third Point Llc dissolves share stake in Shire Plc * Third Point Llc takes share stake of 5.3 million shares in JPMorgan Chase & Co * Third Point Llc - change in holdings are as of Dec 31, 2016 and compared with the previous quarter ended as of Sept 30, 2016 Source text for quarter ended Dec 31, 2016: (bit.ly/2kenIH3) Source text for quarter ended Sept 30, 2016: (bit.ly/2g1HJTg) Next In Funds News BRIEF-Victory Capital Management reports 5.54 pct passive stake in Infinity Property And Casualty Corp * Victory Capital Management Inc reports a 5.54 percent passive stake in Infinity Property And Casualty Corp as on december 31, 2016 - SEC filing Source text - http://bit.ly/2keIupJ Further company coverage: BRIEF-Raging Capital reports 15.9 pct stake in Rentech * Raging Capital Management LLC reports 15.9 percent stake in Rentech Inc as of Feb 1 2017 - SEC filing BRIEF-Intel Corp reports 4.9 percent passive stake in Impinj Inc as of February 2 - SEC filing * Intel Corp reports 4.9 percent passive stake in Impinj Inc as of February 2 - SEC filing Source text for Eikon: (http://bit.ly/2kcNnVj) Further company coverage: MORE FROM REUTERS Sponsored Content From Around the WebPromoted by Revcontent Trending Stories Pictures Photos of the week Sponsored Topics X Follow Reuters: Follow Us On Twitter Follow Us On Facebook Follow Us On RSS Follow Us On Instagram Follow Us On YouTube Follow Us On LinkedIn Subscribe: Feeds | Newsletters | Podcasts | Apps Reuters News Agency | Brand Attribution Guidelines | Careers Reuters is the news and media division of Thomson Reuters. Thomson Reuters is the world's largest international multimedia news agency, providing investing news, world news, business news, technology news, headline news, small business news, news alerts, personal finance, stock market, and mutual funds information available on Reuters.com, video, mobile, and interactive television platforms. Learn more about Thomson Reuters products: Eikon Information, analytics and exclusive news on financial markets - delivered in an intuitive desktop and mobile interface Elektron Everything you need to empower your workflow and enhance your enterprise data management World-Check Screen for heightened risk individual and entities globally to help uncover hidden risks in business relationships and human networks Westlaw Build the strongest argument relying on authoritative content, attorney-editor expertise, and industry defining technology ONESOURCE The most comprehensive solution to manage all your complex and ever-expanding tax and compliance needs CHECKPOINT The industry leader for online information for tax, accounting and finance professionals All quotes delayed a minimum of 15 minutes. See here for a complete list of exchanges and delays. Site Feedback Corrections Advertising Guidelines Cookies Terms of Use Privacy Policy
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy   Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance CBL & Associates Properties Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for CBL & Associates Properties Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Michael Rapino Sells 210,000 Shares of Live Nation Entertainment, Inc. (LYV) Stock Blackrock Throgmorton Trust PLC (THRG) Increases Dividend to GBX 6.25 Per Share Pattern Energy Group Inc. (PEGI) Stock Rating Lowered by Zacks Investment Research Analysts Issue Forecasts for Akamai Technologies, Inc.’s Q1 2017 Earnings (AKAM) Allergan PLC. (AGN) Forecasted to Post Q1 2017 Earnings of $3.55 Per Share AngioDynamics, Inc. (ANGO) Receives $16.63 Average Target Price from Brokerages Sanatana Resources Inc (STA) Director Peter Leighton Miles Purchases 372,000 Shares of Stock Alexander & Baldwin Holdings, Inc. (ALEX) Director Stanley M. Kuriyama Sells 4,250 Shares Nicholas Financial, Inc. (NICK) Major Shareholder Magnolia Capital Fund, Lp Purchases 19,196 Shares Brokerages Anticipate Air Methods Corporation (AIRM) to Post $0.61 Earnings Per Share Owens Corning Inc (OC) Upgraded to Hold by Zacks Investment Research Avon Products, Inc. (AVP) Forecasted to Post Q1 2017 Earnings of $0.05 Per Share Analysts Offer Predictions for Camden Property Trust’s Q1 2017 Earnings (CPT) Jefferies Group Comments on CenturyLink, Inc.’s Q1 2017 Earnings (CTL) Brokerages Set Computer Programs and Systems, Inc. (CPSI) Price Target at $34.55 Seaport Global Securities Brokers Cut Earnings Estimates for Diamond Offshore Drilling, Inc. (DO) Daniel Kerzner Sells 36,000 Shares of Alarm.com Holdings, Inc. (ALRM) Stock Elissa Fink Sells 5,000 Shares of Tableau Software, Inc. (DATA) Stock Eaton Vance Tax-Managed Global Buy-Write (ETW) to Issue $0.10 Monthly Dividend Fiserv, Inc. to Post Q1 2017 Earnings of $1.18 Per Share, SunTrust Banks Forecasts (FISV) KeyCorp Comments on CBL & Associates Properties, Inc.’s FY2017 Earnings (CBL) February 10th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Stacy Sanders Filed Under: Analyst Articles - Estimates - Finance Tweet CBL & Associates Properties, Inc. (NYSE:CBL) – Investment analysts at KeyCorp dropped their FY2017 earnings estimates for shares of CBL & Associates Properties in a report released on Tuesday. KeyCorp analyst T. Thomas now expects that the brokerage will earn $2.28 per share for the year, down from their prior forecast of $2.39. KeyCorp also issued estimates for CBL & Associates Properties’ FY2018 earnings at $2.35 EPS. CBL & Associates Properties (NYSE:CBL) last posted its quarterly earnings data on Wednesday, February 1st. The real estate investment trust reported $0.68 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, beating the consensus estimate of $0.23 by $0.45. The business earned $258.49 million during the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $262.42 million. CBL & Associates Properties had a return on equity of 10.25% and a net margin of 16.81%. The company’s revenue for the quarter was down 6.9% on a year-over-year basis. During the same period last year, the company earned $0.71 EPS. WARNING: “KeyCorp Comments on CBL & Associates Properties, Inc.’s FY2017 Earnings (CBL)” was reported by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are reading this piece of content on another domain, it was illegally copied and reposted in violation of US and international trademark & copyright legislation. The correct version of this piece of content can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/02/10/keycorp-comments-on-cbl-associates-properties-inc-s-fy2017-earnings-cbl.html. Other equities analysts have also recently issued research reports about the company. TheStreet raised CBL & Associates Properties from a “d+” rating to a “c” rating in a report on Wednesday, February 1st. Zacks Investment Research cut CBL & Associates Properties from a “hold” rating to a “sell” rating in a report on Tuesday, January 10th. Citigroup Inc. cut CBL & Associates Properties from a “neutral” rating to a “sell” rating and set a $11.00 target price for the company. in a report on Tuesday, December 13th. Barclays PLC reduced their target price on CBL & Associates Properties from $13.00 to $10.00 and set an “equal weight” rating for the company in a report on Monday, January 23rd. Finally, BTIG Research assumed coverage on CBL & Associates Properties in a report on Tuesday, January 3rd. They set a “neutral” rating for the company. One investment analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, seven have given a hold rating and two have issued a buy rating to the company. CBL & Associates Properties currently has an average rating of “Hold” and a consensus price target of $12.79. Shares of CBL & Associates Properties (NYSE:CBL) traded up 2.54% during midday trading on Wednesday, hitting $10.88. The company had a trading volume of 1,084,956 shares. The company has a market capitalization of $1.86 billion, a PE ratio of 14.51 and a beta of 1.27. The company has a 50-day moving average of $10.92 and a 200-day moving average of $11.82. CBL & Associates Properties has a 12 month low of $8.86 and a 12 month high of $14.30. WARNING: “KeyCorp Comments on CBL & Associates Properties, Inc.’s FY2017 Earnings (CBL)” was reported by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are reading this piece of content on another domain, it was illegally copied and reposted in violation of US and international trademark & copyright legislation. The correct version of this piece of content can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/02/10/keycorp-comments-on-cbl-associates-properties-inc-s-fy2017-earnings-cbl.html. A number of hedge funds and other institutional investors have recently modified their holdings of CBL. JPMorgan Chase & Co. raised its position in shares of CBL & Associates Properties by 359.1% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 3,417,354 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock valued at $41,486,000 after buying an additional 2,673,068 shares during the last quarter. Vanguard Group Inc. raised its position in shares of CBL & Associates Properties by 8.7% in the second quarter. Vanguard Group Inc. now owns 29,708,610 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock valued at $276,588,000 after buying an additional 2,382,378 shares during the last quarter. Security Capital Research & Management Inc. acquired a new position in shares of CBL & Associates Properties during the third quarter valued at $27,807,000. Panagora Asset Management Inc. raised its position in shares of CBL & Associates Properties by 385.5% in the third quarter. Panagora Asset Management Inc. now owns 1,457,024 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock valued at $17,688,000 after buying an additional 1,156,892 shares during the last quarter. Finally, Teachers Advisors LLC raised its position in shares of CBL & Associates Properties by 405.5% in the third quarter. Teachers Advisors LLC now owns 1,364,292 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock valued at $16,563,000 after buying an additional 1,094,426 shares during the last quarter. Institutional investors own 95.91% of the company’s stock. About CBL & Associates Properties CBL & Associates Properties, Inc (CBL) is a self-managed, self-administered, integrated real estate investment trust (REIT). The Company owns, develops, acquires, leases, manages and operates regional shopping malls, open-air and mixed-use centers, outlet centers, associated centers, community centers and office properties. Receive News & Ratings for CBL & Associates Properties Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for CBL & Associates Properties Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News White House Announces Conway Was Counseled Warren Receives Support After GOP Formally Silences Her Report: Trump Was Not Completely Briefed on Bannon NSC Seat Justice Department Will Challenge Stop to Travel Ban President Trump Cancels Harley-Davidson Trip Due to Possible Protests © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Latest News Nation Elections 2017 World Business Budget 2017 Cities Sports Entertainment Lifestyle Technology Opinion Education Photos Videos Explained Good News Trending Astrology Photo News Today’s Paper See More See Less Search for:   Nation Elections 2017 World Opinion Sports Entertainment Lifestyle Technology Viral Photos Videos Blogs ePaper Budget 2017 Latest News Hold your tongue, I have your entire janam patri: PM Modi to Congress UP Assembly Elections 2017: Battle for heartland begins in west that may hold the key Bengal budget has Rs 250 crore to aid those hit by demonetisation Sasikala vs OPS: Raj Bhavan keeps both waiting Abu Dhabi module recruited nine Indians for Islamic State, sent some to Syria: NIA probe Home World Turkish hacker behind cyber heists gets 8 years in US prison Turkish hacker behind cyber heists gets 8 years in US prison Ercan Findikoglu, who went by the online nicknames "Segate," "Predator," and "Oreon," was sentenced by US District Judge Kiyo Matsumoto in Brooklyn By: Reuters | New York | Published:February 11, 2017 2:38 am A Turkish hacker was sentenced to eight years in a US prison on Friday for his role as one the masterminds behind three cyber attacks that enabled $55 million to be siphoned from automated teller machines globally. Ercan Findikoglu, who went by the online nicknames “Segate,” “Predator,” and “Oreon,” was sentenced by US District Judge Kiyo Matsumoto in Brooklyn after pleading guilty in March to computer intrusion conspiracy and other charges. Watch What Else is Making News Findikoglu, 35, is expected to get credit for the time he spent in custody since his arrest in Germany in 2013. Findikoglu apologized for the damage he had caused and wiped away tears as he said he had not seen his wife and son since his arrest. “I could have used my skills for good,” he said. “Instead I wasted them.” Prosecutors said Findikoglu was a leader in a series of cyber heists, which allowed for the simultaneous withdrawal of millions of dollars after hackers infiltrated credit and debit card processing companies. In what were called “unlimited operations,” hackers targeted databases those companies maintained for prepaid debit cards and effectively eliminated the card accounts’ withdrawal limits, prosecutors said. The processing companies included Fidelity National Information Services Inc, ElectraCard Services, now owned by MasterCard Inc, and enStage. Findikoglu and others then distributed the data to teams of “cashers” worldwide who encoded the data onto magnetic stripe cards to conduct thousands of fraudulent ATM withdrawals, prosecutors said. The biggest heist, in which $40 million was withdrawn, targeted cards issued by Bank Muscat in Oman and involved thieves in 24 countries in 2013 executing 36,000 transactions, prosecutors said. They said two other heists in 2011 and 2012 resulted in $15 million in losses and targeted cards issued by JPMorgan Chase & Co and National Bank of Ras Al-Khaimah in the United Arab Emirates. Thirteen members of a New York cashing crew that prosecutors say withdrew $2.8 million in two operations have pleaded guilty. In court papers, defense lawyer Christopher Madiou said Findikoglu’s crimes occurred while he was facing Turkish charges that he conspired to produce fake debit and credit cards. In that case, Findikoglu was convicted in 2012 and sentenced to 19-1/2 years in prison. While out on bail, he was arrested in 2013 in Germany, which extradited him in 2015. After completing his US sentence, Findikoglu will be deported and is expected to serve that Turkish sentence, Madiou said. Election 2017 Uttar Pradesh Assembly Elections 2017 Phase 1 Live Updates: Polling begins in 73 constituencies of western region UP Assembly Elections 2017: Battle for heartland begins in west that may hold the key UP Assembly Elections 2017: Day before first phase, Muslim clerics back Mayawati Best of Express Setback for Sasikala as TN education minister Pandiarajan joins Panneerselvam camp EntertainmentJolly LLB 2 movie review : Akshay Kumar, Saurabh Shukla make this an unalloyed delight EntertainmentShah Rukh Khan, Aamir Khan's first selfie in 25 years is one of a kind. See pic EntertainmentAvengers Infinity War: This behind-the-scenes teaser is everything Marvel fans need to begin the weekend. Watch video EntertainmentBadrinath Ki Dulhania song Tamma Tamma Again: Varun Dhawan, Alia Bhatt teleport you to the 90s. Watch video Must Read SportsIndia vs Bangladesh Live Score SportsTendulkar applauds Kohli in record-breaking form SportsSouth Africa reclaim top spot in ODI after SL whitewash TechnologyApple iPhone 5s offers on Valentine's Day: Is this deal worth it? TechnologyLatest Samsung leak suggests the logo for the Galaxy S8+ TechnologyWhatsApp now supports two-step verification: Here's how to enable LifestyleDrink (water) through the day, it helps Feb 11: Latest News Anusuya supports Winner song Suya Suya, gives fitting reply to trolls Uttarakhand election 2017 Live updates: What happens in Rudrapur, spreads across the country in minutes, says PM Modi Tamil Nadu crisis LIVE: Sasikala leaves Poes Garden, to meet her MLAs at resort Star-packed North favourites to lift T20 inter-zonals Rajinikanth, Aamir Khan, Mohanlal not part of SS Rajamouli’s Mahabharata                           The Express Group The Indian Express The Financial Express Loksatta Jansatta inUth Ramnath Goenka Awards Privacy Policy Advertise with Us Contact Us Subscribe Please reload and try again !!! X   Copyright © 2017 The Indian Express [P] Ltd. All Rights Reserved
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy   Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Quality Systems Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Quality Systems Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Michael Rapino Sells 210,000 Shares of Live Nation Entertainment, Inc. (LYV) Stock Blackrock Throgmorton Trust PLC (THRG) Increases Dividend to GBX 6.25 Per Share Pattern Energy Group Inc. (PEGI) Stock Rating Lowered by Zacks Investment Research Analysts Issue Forecasts for Akamai Technologies, Inc.’s Q1 2017 Earnings (AKAM) Allergan PLC. (AGN) Forecasted to Post Q1 2017 Earnings of $3.55 Per Share AngioDynamics, Inc. (ANGO) Receives $16.63 Average Target Price from Brokerages Sanatana Resources Inc (STA) Director Peter Leighton Miles Purchases 372,000 Shares of Stock Alexander & Baldwin Holdings, Inc. (ALEX) Director Stanley M. Kuriyama Sells 4,250 Shares Nicholas Financial, Inc. (NICK) Major Shareholder Magnolia Capital Fund, Lp Purchases 19,196 Shares Brokerages Anticipate Air Methods Corporation (AIRM) to Post $0.61 Earnings Per Share Owens Corning Inc (OC) Upgraded to Hold by Zacks Investment Research Avon Products, Inc. (AVP) Forecasted to Post Q1 2017 Earnings of $0.05 Per Share Analysts Offer Predictions for Camden Property Trust’s Q1 2017 Earnings (CPT) Jefferies Group Comments on CenturyLink, Inc.’s Q1 2017 Earnings (CTL) Brokerages Set Computer Programs and Systems, Inc. (CPSI) Price Target at $34.55 Seaport Global Securities Brokers Cut Earnings Estimates for Diamond Offshore Drilling, Inc. (DO) Daniel Kerzner Sells 36,000 Shares of Alarm.com Holdings, Inc. (ALRM) Stock Elissa Fink Sells 5,000 Shares of Tableau Software, Inc. (DATA) Stock Eaton Vance Tax-Managed Global Buy-Write (ETW) to Issue $0.10 Monthly Dividend Fiserv, Inc. to Post Q1 2017 Earnings of $1.18 Per Share, SunTrust Banks Forecasts (FISV) Barrow Hanley Mewhinney & Strauss LLC Raises Position in Quality Systems, Inc. (QSII) February 10th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Patrick Bannon Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Barrow Hanley Mewhinney & Strauss LLC increased its stake in shares of Quality Systems, Inc. (NASDAQ:QSII) by 343.1% during the fourth quarter, according to its most recent filing with the SEC. The institutional investor owned 314,764 shares of the company’s stock after buying an additional 243,730 shares during the period. Barrow Hanley Mewhinney & Strauss LLC’s holdings in Quality Systems were worth $4,139,000 at the end of the most recent reporting period. Several other hedge funds and other institutional investors also recently bought and sold shares of QSII. Paradigm Capital Management Inc. NY boosted its position in Quality Systems by 1,699.3% in the third quarter. Paradigm Capital Management Inc. NY now owns 852,854 shares of the company’s stock valued at $9,655,000 after buying an additional 805,454 shares in the last quarter. Matarin Capital Management LLC bought a new position in Quality Systems during the third quarter valued at about $4,853,000. BlackRock Fund Advisors boosted its position in Quality Systems by 11.1% in the third quarter. BlackRock Fund Advisors now owns 3,344,084 shares of the company’s stock valued at $37,855,000 after buying an additional 332,880 shares in the last quarter. New Amsterdam Partners LLC NY bought a new position in Quality Systems during the second quarter valued at about $3,721,000. Finally, Analytic Investors LLC boosted its position in Quality Systems by 350.7% in the third quarter. Analytic Investors LLC now owns 131,796 shares of the company’s stock valued at $1,492,000 after buying an additional 102,555 shares in the last quarter. 63.36% of the stock is currently owned by institutional investors. Quality Systems, Inc. (NASDAQ:QSII) traded up 1.57% during midday trading on Friday, hitting $15.57. 179,785 shares of the company traded hands. The stock’s 50-day moving average is $13.91 and its 200-day moving average is $12.73. The firm’s market capitalization is $972.14 million. Quality Systems, Inc. has a 12-month low of $10.60 and a 12-month high of $15.70. Quality Systems (NASDAQ:QSII) last announced its quarterly earnings data on Wednesday, January 25th. The company reported $0.23 earnings per share for the quarter, beating the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of $0.20 by $0.03. Quality Systems had a negative net margin of 0.49% and a positive return on equity of 16.27%. The business had revenue of $127.90 million for the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $125.48 million. During the same period in the prior year, the business posted $0.16 earnings per share. Quality Systems’s revenue was up 9.3% compared to the same quarter last year. Analysts anticipate that Quality Systems, Inc. will post $0.81 EPS for the current fiscal year. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION WARNING: “Barrow Hanley Mewhinney & Strauss LLC Raises Position in Quality Systems, Inc. (QSII)” was first published by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are accessing this piece on another website, it was copied illegally and republished in violation of United States and international copyright and trademark law. The original version of this piece can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/02/10/barrow-hanley-mewhinney-strauss-llc-raises-position-in-quality-systems-inc-qsii.html. Several research firms have weighed in on QSII. TheStreet upgraded shares of Quality Systems from a “c” rating to a “b-” rating in a research report on Thursday, January 26th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. cut shares of Quality Systems from a “neutral” rating to an “underweight” rating and lowered their price objective for the stock from $13.00 to $11.00 in a research report on Friday, October 28th. Raymond James Financial, Inc. cut shares of Quality Systems from an “outperform” rating to a “market perform” rating in a research report on Tuesday, November 29th. Jefferies Group LLC set a $13.00 price objective on shares of Quality Systems and gave the stock a “hold” rating in a research report on Monday, January 16th. Finally, Cantor Fitzgerald began coverage on shares of Quality Systems in a research report on Thursday, January 5th. They set a “neutral” rating and a $14.00 price objective on the stock. Four investment analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, eleven have given a hold rating and one has given a buy rating to the company. The company currently has an average rating of “Hold” and an average price target of $13.40. Quality Systems Company Profile Quality Systems, Inc (QSI) primarily, through its NextGen Healthcare subsidiary, provides technology-based solutions and services to the ambulatory care market in the United States. The Company is engaged in developing and marketing software and services that automate certain aspects of practice management (PM) and electronic health records (EHR) for medical and dental practices. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding QSII? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Quality Systems, Inc. (NASDAQ:QSII). Receive News & Ratings for Quality Systems Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Quality Systems Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News White House Announces Conway Was Counseled Warren Receives Support After GOP Formally Silences Her Report: Trump Was Not Completely Briefed on Bannon NSC Seat Justice Department Will Challenge Stop to Travel Ban President Trump Cancels Harley-Davidson Trip Due to Possible Protests © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
X Edition: India Business Business Home Economy Reuters Summits Deals Business Video Company Results & Outlooks Autos Markets Markets Home Indices Stock Quotes India Markets US Markets Currencies Commodities India Elections Top News India Insight Monsoon Top News Video World World Home South Asia Middle East Special Reports Reuters Investigates World Video Tech Technology Home Science Tech Video Innovation Commentary Commentary Home Expert Zone Breakingviews Breakingviews Home Breakingview Videos Money Money Home Stock Screener Fund Screener Sport & Life Sports Lifestyle Bollywood Entertainment Oddly Enough Health Arts Lifestyle Video Pictures Pictures Home The Wider Image Photographers Focus 360 Video Turkish hacker behind cyber heists gets 8 years in U.S. prison Africa América Latina عربي Argentina Brasil Canada 中国 Deutschland España France India Italia 日本 México РОССИЯ United Kingdom United States Internet News | Sat Feb 11, 2017 | 6:14am IST Turkish hacker behind cyber heists gets 8 years in U.S. prison By Nate Raymond | NEW YORK NEW YORK A Turkish hacker was sentenced to eight years in a U.S. prison on Friday for his role as one the masterminds behind three cyber attacks that enabled $55 million to be siphoned from automated teller machines globally. Ercan Findikoglu, who went by the online nicknames "Segate," "Predator," and "Oreon," was sentenced by U.S. District Judge Kiyo Matsumoto in Brooklyn after pleading guilty in March to computer intrusion conspiracy and other charges. Findikoglu, 35, is expected to get credit for the time he spent in custody since his arrest in Germany in 2013. Findikoglu apologized for the damage he had caused and wiped away tears as he said he had not seen his wife and son since his arrest. "I could have used my skills for good," he said. "Instead I wasted them." Prosecutors said Findikoglu was a leader in a series of cyber heists, which allowed for the simultaneous withdrawal of millions of dollars after hackers infiltrated credit and debit card processing companies. In what were called "unlimited operations," hackers targeted databases those companies maintained for prepaid debit cards and effectively eliminated the card accounts' withdrawal limits, prosecutors said. The processing companies included Fidelity National Information Services Inc, ElectraCard Services, now owned by MasterCard Inc, and enStage. Findikoglu and others then distributed the data to teams of "cashers" worldwide who encoded the data onto magnetic stripe cards to conduct thousands of fraudulent ATM withdrawals, prosecutors said. The biggest heist, in which $40 million was withdrawn, targeted cards issued by Bank Muscat in Oman and involved thieves in 24 countries in 2013 executing 36,000 transactions, prosecutors said. They said two other heists in 2011 and 2012 resulted in $15 million in losses and targeted cards issued by JPMorgan Chase & Co and National Bank of Ras Al-Khaimah in the United Arab Emirates. Thirteen members of a New York cashing crew that prosecutors say withdrew $2.8 million in two operations have pleaded guilty. In court papers, defense lawyer Christopher Madiou said Findikoglu's crimes occurred while he was facing Turkish charges that he conspired to produce fake debit and credit cards. In that case, Findikoglu was convicted in 2012 and sentenced to 19-1/2 years in prison. While out on bail, he was arrested in 2013 in Germany, which extradited him in 2015. After completing his U.S. sentence, Findikoglu will be deported and is expected to serve that Turkish sentence, Madiou said. (Reporting by Nate Raymond in New York; Editing by Bernadette Baum and Cynthia Osterman) Next In Internet News FCC spectrum auction bidding ends at $19.6 billion WASHINGTON The U.S. Federal Communications Commission said Friday that bidding in the wireless spectrum auction has ended at $19.6 billion, significantly less than many analysts had initially forecast. Facebook to provide ad data for independent audit Facebook Inc said it would provide information about ads displayed on its platform for an audit, months after the social network admitted to overstating key ad metrics. Italy's foreign ministry came under cyber attack in 2016: source ROME Italy's foreign ministry was hacked last year, a source close to the department said on Friday, confirming a report in the Guardian newspaper which also said Russia was suspected of perpetrating the attack. MORE FROM REUTERS Sponsored Content From Around the WebPromoted by Revcontent Trending Stories Assembly Elections Modi faces biggest election test since 2014 landslide Sponsored Topics X Follow Reuters: Follow Us On Twitter Follow Us On Facebook RSS Follow Us On LinkedIn Subscribe: Newsletters | Apps Reuters News Agency | Brand Attribution Guidelines | Careers Reuters is the news and media division of Thomson Reuters. Thomson Reuters is the world's largest international multimedia news agency, providing investing news, world news, business news, technology news, headline news, small business news, news alerts, personal finance, stock market, and mutual funds information available on Reuters.com, video, mobile, and interactive television platforms. Learn more about Thomson Reuters products: Eikon Information, analytics and exclusive news on financial markets - delivered in an intuitive desktop and mobile interface Elektron Everything you need to empower your workflow and enhance your enterprise data management World-Check Screen for heightened risk individual and entities globally to help uncover hidden risks in business relationships and human networks Westlaw Build the strongest argument relying on authoritative content, attorney-editor expertise, and industry defining technology ONESOURCE The most comprehensive solution to manage all your complex and ever-expanding tax and compliance needs CHECKPOINT The industry leader for online information for tax, accounting and finance professionals All quotes delayed a minimum of 15 minutes. See here for a complete list of exchanges and delays. Site Feedback Corrections Advertising Guidelines Cookies Terms of Use Privacy Policy
Home Mail Flickr Tumblr News Sports Finance Celebrity Answers Groups Mobile More Yahoo Search Search Skip to Navigation Skip to Main Content Skip to Related Content 0 Mail News Home Follow Us US World Politics Tech Science Odd News ABC News Yahoo Originals Katie Couric Matt Bai Turkish hacker behind cyber heists gets 8 years in U.S. prison By Nate Raymond ReutersFebruary 10, 2017 Reblog Share Tweet Pin it Share By Nate Raymond NEW YORK (Reuters) - A Turkish hacker was sentenced to eight years in a U.S. prison on Friday for his role as one the masterminds behind three cyber attacks that enabled $55 million to be siphoned from automated teller machines globally. Ercan Findikoglu, who went by the online nicknames "Segate," "Predator," and "Oreon," was sentenced by U.S. District Judge Kiyo Matsumoto in Brooklyn after pleading guilty in March to computer intrusion conspiracy and other charges. Findikoglu, 35, is expected to get credit for the time he spent in custody since his arrest in Germany in 2013. Findikoglu apologized for the damage he had caused and wiped away tears as he said he had not seen his wife and son since his arrest. "I could have used my skills for good," he said. "Instead I wasted them." Prosecutors said Findikoglu was a leader in a series of cyber heists, which allowed for the simultaneous withdrawal of millions of dollars after hackers infiltrated credit and debit card processing companies. In what were called "unlimited operations," hackers targeted databases those companies maintained for prepaid debit cards and effectively eliminated the card accounts' withdrawal limits, prosecutors said. The processing companies included Fidelity National Information Services Inc, ElectraCard Services, now owned by MasterCard Inc, and enStage. Findikoglu and others then distributed the data to teams of "cashers" worldwide who encoded the data onto magnetic stripe cards to conduct thousands of fraudulent ATM withdrawals, prosecutors said. The biggest heist, in which $40 million was withdrawn, targeted cards issued by Bank Muscat in Oman and involved thieves in 24 countries in 2013 executing 36,000 transactions, prosecutors said. They said two other heists in 2011 and 2012 resulted in $15 million in losses and targeted cards issued by JPMorgan Chase & Co and National Bank of Ras Al-Khaimah in the United Arab Emirates. Thirteen members of a New York cashing crew that prosecutors say withdrew $2.8 million in two operations have pleaded guilty. In court papers, defense lawyer Christopher Madiou said Findikoglu's crimes occurred while he was facing Turkish charges that he conspired to produce fake debit and credit cards. In that case, Findikoglu was convicted in 2012 and sentenced to 19-1/2 years in prison. While out on bail, he was arrested in 2013 in Germany, which extradited him in 2015. After completing his U.S. sentence, Findikoglu will be deported and is expected to serve that Turkish sentence, Madiou said. (Reporting by Nate Raymond in New York; Editing by Bernadette Baum and Cynthia Osterman) Reblog Share Tweet Pin it Share What to Read Next Hundreds of immigrants arrested in 'routine' U.S. enforcement surge 8113 messages7%71%22% Wall Street "Poster Boy" Makes A Big Prediction Banyan HillSponsored Behind the Scenes with 'Newsies' Cast Filming Show Live 1 messages Teen receives extremely blunt job rejection, fights back on Twitter 3119 messages4%74%22% #2 of 10 Most Popular News Galleries of 2016: 9/11: Then and now - 15 years later 1277 messages5%58%37% This $0.39 Marijuana Research Stock Set to Rise Agora FinancialSponsored Shaq Dunks Cookies with His Mind, Talks Mental Toughness ‘Cash Me Ousside’ Girl Tells Dr. Phil That She Made Him Famous 205 messages3%72%25% Nordstrom Respond to President Trump's Angry Tweet 1284 messages4%70%26% Collide - In Theaters Everywhere February 24 CollideSponsored Maryland Mom Pleads Guilty in Beating Death of 9-Year-Old Son For Eating Piece of Birthday Cake 2518 messages5%56%39% #8 of 10 Most Popular News Galleries of 2016: Deadly attack at Istanbul's Ataturk Airport 1073 messages9%23%68% Larry Birkhead on Relationship with Anna Nicole Smith, Raising Their Daughter 1 messages Expansive Living Between Dover & the Beaches Ryan HomesSponsored We're up to six Patriots players who have publicly said they won't visit the White House 7999 messages5%65%30% Rosamund Pike Rips Her Dress Live on The Tonight Show: ‘I Might Have Just Fallen Apart From Behind!’ 195 messages8%71%21% Protests Erupt in Los Angeles Following Reports of Immigration Raids D J: if you are here illlegally, YOU ARE A CRIMINAL. PERIOD. You have broken the law. Join the Conversation 1 / 5 2.9k Help Privacy Suggestions About our Ads Terms
Log In News Weather On Air Events Photos Blogs Podcasts Search Facebook twitter Skip to main content The Talk of the North 710 AM 98.1 FM Duluth, Minnesota Log In Menu News Weather On Air Events Photos Blogs Podcasts Search Facebook twitter Current Show The Larry Elder Show 2AM–5AM Upcoming Shows Next Show The Dennis Prager Show 5AM–8AM Hindsight 20/20 8AM–9AM The Kim Komando Show 9AM–11AM Current Weather (55811) 29° Search Our Site Search The Larry Elder Show 2AM–5AM News Turkish hacker behind cyber heists gets 8 years in U.S. prison Turkish hacker behind cyber heists gets 8 years in U.S. prison Friday, February 10, 2017 12:44 p.m. CST By Nate Raymond NEW YORK (Reuters) - A Turkish hacker was sentenced to eight years in a U.S. prison on Friday for his role as one the masterminds behind three cyber attacks that enabled $55 million to be siphoned from automated teller machines globally. Ercan Findikoglu, who went by the online nicknames "Segate," "Predator," and "Oreon," was sentenced by U.S. District Judge Kiyo Matsumoto in Brooklyn after pleading guilty in March to computer intrusion conspiracy and other charges. Findikoglu, 35, is expected to get credit for the time he spent in custody since his arrest in Germany in 2013. Findikoglu apologized for the damage he had caused and wiped away tears as he said he had not seen his wife and son since his arrest. "I could have used my skills for good," he said. "Instead I wasted them." Prosecutors said Findikoglu was a leader in a series of cyber heists, which allowed for the simultaneous withdrawal of millions of dollars after hackers infiltrated credit and debit card processing companies. In what were called "unlimited operations," hackers targeted databases those companies maintained for prepaid debit cards and effectively eliminated the card accounts' withdrawal limits, prosecutors said. The processing companies included Fidelity National Information Services Inc, ElectraCard Services, now owned by MasterCard Inc, and enStage. Findikoglu and others then distributed the data to teams of "cashers" worldwide who encoded the data onto magnetic stripe cards to conduct thousands of fraudulent ATM withdrawals, prosecutors said. The biggest heist, in which $40 million was withdrawn, targeted cards issued by Bank Muscat in Oman and involved thieves in 24 countries in 2013 executing 36,000 transactions, prosecutors said. They said two other heists in 2011 and 2012 resulted in $15 million in losses and targeted cards issued by JPMorgan Chase & Co and National Bank of Ras Al-Khaimah in the United Arab Emirates. Thirteen members of a New York cashing crew that prosecutors say withdrew $2.8 million in two operations have pleaded guilty. In court papers, defense lawyer Christopher Madiou said Findikoglu's crimes occurred while he was facing Turkish charges that he conspired to produce fake debit and credit cards. In that case, Findikoglu was convicted in 2012 and sentenced to 19-1/2 years in prison. While out on bail, he was arrested in 2013 in Germany, which extradited him in 2015. After completing his U.S. sentence, Findikoglu will be deported and is expected to serve that Turkish sentence, Madiou said. (Reporting by Nate Raymond in New York; Editing by Bernadette Baum and Cynthia Osterman) Comments Top Stories Chicago Man Arrested and Charged with Selling Heroin in Duluth Friday, February 10 Deer River Man Charged With Felony Assault Friday, February 10 19 Properties Sold At County Land Auction Friday, February 10 Zoo Gets Donation For Animal Dental Health Thursday, February 9 Bowl Jam Friday Introduces New Skate Park Addition Thursday, February 9 News Sections Local State National World Local Sports Sports Politics Business Health Science Technology Entertainment Station Information © 2017 710 WDSM - WDSM The Talk of the North Facebook twitter Listen 710 AM in Duluth, Minnesota 98.1 FM in Duluth, Minnesota Contact Studio Line 1: 218-722-7500 Text Us at 39327 Advertise With Us Job Opportunities Contact Us More Privacy Policy (PDF) Terms of Use (PDF) Contest Rules EEO
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad Turkish hacker behind cyber heists gets 8 years in U.S. prison By Reuters Published: 14:27 EST, 10 February 2017 | Updated: 14:27 EST, 10 February 2017 e-mail By Nate Raymond NEW YORK, Feb 10 (Reuters) - A Turkish hacker was sentenced to eight years in a U.S. prison on Friday for his role as one the masterminds behind three cyber attacks that enabled $55 million to be siphoned from automated teller machines globally. Ercan Findikoglu, who went by the online nicknames "Segate," "Predator," and "Oreon," was sentenced by U.S. District Judge Kiyo Matsumoto in Brooklyn after pleading guilty in March to computer intrusion conspiracy and other charges. Findikoglu, 35, is expected to get credit for the time he spent in custody since his arrest in Germany in 2013. Findikoglu apologized for the damage he had caused and wiped away tears as he said he had not seen his wife and son since his arrest. "I could have used my skills for good," he said. "Instead I wasted them." Prosecutors said Findikoglu was a leader in a series of cyber heists, which allowed for the simultaneous withdrawal of millions of dollars after hackers infiltrated credit and debit card processing companies. In what were called "unlimited operations," hackers targeted databases those companies maintained for prepaid debit cards and effectively eliminated the card accounts' withdrawal limits, prosecutors said. The processing companies included Fidelity National Information Services Inc, ElectraCard Services, now owned by MasterCard Inc, and enStage. Findikoglu and others then distributed the data to teams of "cashers" worldwide who encoded the data onto magnetic stripe cards to conduct thousands of fraudulent ATM withdrawals, prosecutors said. The biggest heist, in which $40 million was withdrawn, targeted cards issued by Bank Muscat in Oman and involved thieves in 24 countries in 2013 executing 36,000 transactions, prosecutors said. They said two other heists in 2011 and 2012 resulted in $15 million in losses and targeted cards issued by JPMorgan Chase & Co and National Bank of Ras Al-Khaimah in the United Arab Emirates. Thirteen members of a New York cashing crew that prosecutors say withdrew $2.8 million in two operations have pleaded guilty. In court papers, defense lawyer Christopher Madiou said Findikoglu's crimes occurred while he was facing Turkish charges that he conspired to produce fake debit and credit cards. In that case, Findikoglu was convicted in 2012 and sentenced to 19-1/2 years in prison. While out on bail, he was arrested in 2013 in Germany, which extradited him in 2015. After completing his U.S. sentence, Findikoglu will be deported and is expected to serve that Turkish sentence, Madiou said. (Reporting by Nate Raymond in New York; Editing by Bernadette Baum and Cynthia Osterman) Share or comment on this article e-mail Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS That's cheeky! Calvin Klein plays This is Not America and Mexican immigrant designer sends 'f*** your wall' underwear down the runway as New York Fashion Week gets political All that glitters! Kylie Jenner flashes her midriff and legs in fringed gold crop top and matching skirt for Jeremy Scott's NYFW show LBD with a twist! Emily Ratajkowski slips on velvet dress for Jason Wu's 10th Anniversary Midnight Supper during NYFW EXCLUSIVE PICTURES: Robin Thicke has emotional reunion with son Julian under watchful eye of social worker as ex Paula Patton reluctantly hands him over in park 'Late night sesh!' Make-up free Michelle Keegan flaunts gym-honed figure in black leggings and a vest as she enjoys Friday night workout Food to get you in the mood! Sexy dishes and drinks for Valentine's Day (and why they work)  SPONSORED Aphrodisiacs You can't strut with us! Kendall Jenner, Bella Hadid and Hailey Baldwin make for a formidable fashion pack as they parade their way into the Fendi party 'He's gone. He's blue': Fadi Fawaz's frantic 999 call reveals that lover had 'been trying to wake George Michael for an hour' after finding him unconscious EXCLUSIVE: 'I was scared to come back because of my beliefs': Lindsay Lohan on returning to the US while studying Islam and why she wants to meet Trump Meow! Paris Hilton braves snow in quirky cat ear cap after walking the runway for New York Fashion Week Leather look Hailey Baldwin rocks rose colored glasses and leather for RtA FW 2017 presentation at New York Fashion Week Monochrome 'Grown and sexy': Shanina Shaik flashes MAJOR side boob in slinky black frock before celebrating 26th birthday with an adorable cake of her much-younger self  'So excited to shoot with women of all sizes!' Ashley Graham flaunts her cleavage in sizzling salsa-themed ad for her swimsuit line Daddy's biggest fan! Behati Prinsloo takes baby Dusty Rose to support Adam Levine as he is honored with star on Hollywood Walk of Fame Did I want Bowie's children? Never! A year after his death, Lulu tells of her affair with the rock legend, her troubled childhood - and the car crash that nearly killed her Look away Rob! Blac Chyna spotted without her engagement ring as she enjoys lunch date with a mystery man Kourtney Kardashian shows off her pins in black leggings as she chats on the phone while running errands In LA's upscale Sherman Oaks neighbourhood  Big city pretty! Snooki, JWoww and Christina Milian get dolled up at NYFW celebrity beauty bar The pretty celebs were on top forms She even stuns in sweats! Selena Gomez opts for comfort in cozy top and bell bottoms as she steps out in LA Relaxed 'You want to introduce some fear!' Tim McGraw reveals he scares his and Faith Hill's daughters' dates with a sledgehammer  'How pretty is this is?': Eva Longoria shares romantic Valentine's Day balloon display she made for husband Jose Bastón 'You're literally 99 per cent plastic now!': Fans SLAM Holly Hagan as she unveils new 'filled out' chin in proud before and after snap Nice puppies! Lena Dunham dons bold striped frock as she makes Tonight Show appearance with two cute furry guests Can't rain on her parade! Kelly Rowland braves LA downpour to celebrate birthday in showstopping beaded ensemble Birthday weekend 'His and hers': Bec Judd flaunts slim frame in activewear with husband Chris Judd in loved-up snap... six weeks after the pair celebrated their sixth wedding anniversary New York minute! Romee Strijd steps out in super short skirt showing off long legs during chilly NYFW Taking fashion week in her stride Mischa Barton steps out for a rainy day drive in her convertible...one day after 'drinking and smoking until 3 am' at West Hollywood bar 'She's our guardian angel now': Katie Holmes puts on a brave face at Fashion Week as she reveals her grandmother passed away  Looking good! Model Elyse Taylor looks radiant as she reveals her beauty secrets include coffee and green juice for breakfast and 60 minutes of cardio FIVE times a week Forget something? Allison Williams wows in sparkly black blazer with no BRA at Get Out premiere in Los Angeles Not worried about over exposure Pregnant Ciara shows off baby bump in skintight mini dress and stilettos while out with Russell Wilson in West Hollywood All smiles Sealed with a kiss! Ariel Winter shares a cheeky peek with her gal pal after getting frisky with fires Locking lips Sitting pretty: Charlie XCX shines in pink polka dots at the Variety Portrait Studio event with Noah Cyrus and Kat Graham She was an American Girl! Kate Upton stuns in slinky silk ensemble at MusiCares event honouring Tom Petty 'I want someone who's going to throw me on the bed!': Ferne McCann insists men are put off by her fame... as she reveals she's 'so ready' to settle down and have a baby 'Congratulations to the family': Rita Ora only has 'positive energy' for ex Rob Kardashian after he welcomes a baby with Blac Chyna... despite infamous Twitter spat  Nicole Scherzinger puts on a busty display in cut-out blouse for night out at LA hotspot Catch Eye-popping display Busting out! Olivia Newton-John's daughter Chloe Lattanzi flaunts VERY ample cleavage in bizarre video announcement for new movie Second-gen stunner! Andy Garcia's daughter Alessandra Garcia Lorido is a rising talent in the plus-size modeling world A name to watch Daddy's little girl! Tom Hanks' grand-daughter's name revealed as the adorable tot steps out wearing an outfit picked out by father Chet  'Dressing her in gym gear is a cheap ratings stunt!': Corrie viewers SLAM 'nauseating' Rosie Webster as she exercises in a TINY pink sports bra 'He was on the bed, the gas fire next to him': EastEnders' June Brown admits she blamed herself for husband's suicide... as she celebrates 90th birthday and 32 years as Dot  Coffee and cigarettes: Fresh faced Frenchwoman Vanessa Paradis stops to smoke after enjoying lunch with friends Diane Kruger looks beautiful in blue as she joins Adriana Lima with a leggy display on front row at Jason Wu's New York Fashion Week show What would the Neighbours say? Makeup-free Olympia Valance poses NEAR-NAKED on board yacht with bikini-clad pals 'Babes!' Gwen Stefani gushes about beau Blake Shelton and pal Adam Levine as the Maroon 5 singer gets a star on the Hollywood Walk Of Fame A Lott of leg! Pixie shows off her toned pins in a ladylike LBD with bow detailing as she leads the glamour at Weinstein pre-BAFTA dinner Kim Kardashian works out with her sisters in LA while husband Kanye West prepares for fashion week in NYC Long distance  Courtney Stodden makes out with a mystery man as she confirms she has split from 56-year-old husband Doug Hutchison once again A vision in velvet! Jessie James Decker shows off her svelte figure in burgundy dress with thigh high boots for her Kittenish pop up shop Like a Greek Goddess! Australian Supermodel Nicole Trunfio dazzles the MusiCares red carpet in a unique silk white number She's got good jeans! Rachael Gouvignon flaunts slimmed-down figure in tight denim after posing NUDE in THAT beachside snap Move over Nicole Kidman! Meet Vimala Raman, 37, the girl who grew up in western Sydney watching Bollywood movies and is now one of India's most  successful actresses Actor abdication: The Crown creator admits he's 'thinking about recasting everybody' as the plot progresses... meaning Matt Smith and Claire Foy would no longer star in the show 'I want Sophie to stay single': Back in Corrie after a spell on the stage, Brooke Vincent says there's more to her lesbian character than her sexuality 'Strictly made me feel like a woman again': Singer Anastacia's double mastectomy saved her life, but left her with 'a road map' of scars 'Fashionable?' Wildlife warrior Bindi Irwin jokes about her latest 'fashion statement' days after touching tribute to her late father Steve Colour in Kate! Kensington Palace joins the crayon craze with a £5.99 book of the Duchess of Cambridge's outfits that is flying off the shelves  'The older that you get ... less is more!': Makeup enthusiast Kim Zolciak touts virtues of using fewer cosmetics Glam look Lauren Pope flaunts her incredible figure and sculpted abs in a bright yellow bikini as she soaks up the sun in Dubai Sultry beach style Victoria(na) chic! Jenna Coleman is the picture of elegance in thigh-skimming frock with pretty ruffle detailing at Weinstein pre-BAFTA party Bella Thorne wears lacy crop top to join mystery man on double-date bike ride with sister Dani Thorne and boyfriend in LA Someone new? Naughty but nice! LeAnn Rimes sizzles in a black dress with a plunging, laced up neckline for pre-Grammys event Cross her heart Babymoon time! Whitney Port and husband jet out on vacation after the Hills star announced pregnancy    'Something to sink his teeth into': Un-signed footballer Jamie O'Hara fills the void by taking a stab at modelling... following the demise of his CBB relationship with Bianca Gascoigne Lee slaps Whitney for telling him to man up, like his dad (Danny Dyer), capping off 'the week from hell' for the Carters in EastEnders, by JIM SHELLEY SEBASTIAN SHAKESPEARE: Gentlemen prefer blondes! Pixie Lott, her mother AND big sister meet a very animated Prince Charles  Lena Dunham bares midriff in crop top tracksuit after discussing her Trump diet again and how she 'drops weight with every move he makes' Soapwatch: Jaci Stephen's ultimate insight into the week's soaps  Bethany's drawn further into Nathan's lair. I suspect we'll see her being asked to get nude 'This gave me chills!': Emotional fans praise Michael Bublé's new video about 'everlasting love'... as he makes his musical comeback amid his son Noah's cancer battle Botox in her neck, an apple before every meal and lasers to wipe out knee wrinkles: How Christie Brinkley looks like this at 63 (and don't forget her daily washes with ACID soap)!  Prince Harry's ex Cressida Bonas cuts a demure figure in simple white dress as she cosies up to Olga Kurylenko at Harvey Weinstein's pre-BAFTA bash Trainspotting 2's Anjela Nedyalkova looks leggy in a nude semi-sheer minidress at the Berlinale International Film Festival... after getting naked with Ewan McGregor on set Youthful looking Nicole Kidman, 49, flashes a hint of skin in a quirky polka dot dress with a thigh-high split as she attends Lion premiere in Paris EXCLUSIVE: Beau Ryan's wife Kara shows off her blossoming baby bump in skintight activewear after announcing second pregnancy 'Before kids, eye bags and sleep theft': Fearne Cotton reminisces on girly getaway with Holly Willoughby as she posts throwback snap in honour of her birthday 'I thought about it and I was wrong!' D&G designer Stefano Gabbana backtracks after body-shaming Lady Gaga - and even praises her for being 'real'  Should Jamie Oliver be holding his baby so close to the cooker? Parenting expert's warning over photo of chef with his six-month-old son River Rocket Cooling off! Model Laura Csortan takes adorable three-month-old daughter Layla Rose for a swim during Sydney's heatwave Baby's day out! Chelsea Clinton and husband Marc take son Aidan on an afternoon trip to gourmet food emporium after a morning at a fashion show DENYING she'd run for senate 'It has really knocked him': Outnumbered's Tyger Drew-Honey left devastated after it's revealed his porn star dad Ben Dover has bladder cancer New York's her runway! Kendall Jenner parades much shorter haircut as she struts around town during fashion week Dramatic change The Boy from Oz! Actor Hugh Jackman reveals he STILL gets excited by snow despite years in the US as he braves New York snowstorm Snap in a blizzard Next generation! Sofia Richie shows off her modeling chops as she gets VERY close to Anwar Hadid in Tommy Hilfiger's sultry new denim campaign Well, it's not ALWAYS the happiest place on Earth! Drew Barrymore recalls her daughter Olive's spectacular tantrums at Disney World Bumping along nicely! Ciara protectively strokes her belly in clinging black dress on casual outing in Beverly Hills Pretty pregnant Looking tan-dy! Olivia Culpo and Madison Beer don color-coordinating outfits for Cushnie Et Ochs NYFW show Glimpse of decolletage thanks to a lack of a bra Kate Upton looks prim and proper in pearls and blouse at LAX following claims of 'diva' behavior over Sports Illustrated shoot Keeping it cute 'We're famous, Daddy!' Nick Cannon reveals his struggle to keep five-year-old twins with Mariah Carey grounded Battle to give children a normal childhood 'You're always playing the victim!' Kirk Norcross' ex Holli Willis launches into a tirade on Twitter about 'attention seeking' claims that she doesn't let him see their daughter Drop dead gorgeous! Pamella Roland shows glitzy beading, sheer accents, killer ladylike capes at stunning New York Fashion Week show That's not Selena Gomez! The Weeknd hits pre-Grammy party with a brunette former Miss USA who looks uncannily like his girlfriend Stephen Bear DROPPED from Celebs Go Dating agency and banned from show's launch party because of his 'relationship' with Charlotte Crosby Drew Barrymore's ex Will Kopelman takes daughters for stroll with female companion... after actress admits their divorce was her 'worst nightmare' Getting ready to roll! Irina Shayk reveals her baby bump in grey sweatshirt as she prepares for her little one's arrival with another driving lesson Family trip! Actress Charlize Theron heads through LAX with her children Jackson and August as well as her mother Black and white style It's all in the wrist! Celebrity hairstylist Justine Marjan details the secrets to how she achieves perfectly lived-in waves on clients like Khloe Kardashian Katy Perry on why she's 'given up' caring what people think about her quirky style Pop beauty admits she used to spend hours reading comments Postcard from paradise: Kim Kardashian shares personal photo album of her wet and wild waterfall adventure in Costa Rica  'We are truly blessed': Family rejoice as Jamie Lynn Spears' daughter Maddie, 8, LEAVES hospital six days after girl almost died after flipping ATV into a pond Coronation Street's Catherine Tyldesley displays her long legs and hourglass figure in leather skirt on date night with husband Tom Pitfield 'Your job is to get naked and say lines!' Debra Messing reveals how an award-winning director pressured her to go nude on set - after insisting she needed a nose job Made in Mayfair! Tiffany Watson flaunts her tanned and toned legs in form-fitting white frock as she enjoys glamorous night out in London TOWIE's Kate Wright refuses to namedrop 'new footballer boyfriend Rio Ferdinand in upcoming series as it has nothing to do with the show' Trailer for 'racist' Netflix series Dear White People 'gets a million dislikes in just ONE day' - and sparks customer revolt  Controversial Keanu Reeves looks dapper in a navy suit as he attends the gala screening of his latest flick John Wick in London Killing it  Trainspotting 2's Anjela Nedyalkova looks leggy in skintight black dress at Berlinale International Film Festival... after getting naked with Ewan McGregor in steamy scenes Oh so chic! Olivia Culpo and Nicky Hilton turn heads in black at white at LANYU Couture runway show The biggest names in fashion turn out 'Um, photoshop gone wrong': Fans accuse Charlotte Crosby of heavily doctoring her Insta post as she poses in lycra in front of 'very wonky skirting board'  'So proud' Jennifer Ellison parades her newly-svelte figure in tiny sports bra as she drops a whopping four dress sizes in just three months How the West Wing was won: Kellyanne Conway dresses in head-to-toe leather day after travel ban ruling (and drops $6k on her boots and purse alone) Cinema says it won't let men in to watch Fifty Shades Darker 'until we see if women can control themselves'  Too steamy for the ladies? Fifty Shades of Demure! Dakota Johnson cuts a casual figure in chic fur-trimmed overcoat as she jets out of London for her next movie premiere BEL MOONEY: My life's been ruined by my lover's tangle of lies Advice for a woman who moved to the Midlands to be with a man - only to learn he was having casual sex with others. What happened to Sarah? How Fergie's now calling herself Margaret York and trying to run a business empire from a hotel bar  Little Minxes! Jesy Nelson flaunts her incredible abs in a plunging sports bra... as Jade Thirlwall shows off her slender figure in a racy tour costume She's gone all Sporty Spice: Victoria Beckham wears head to toe Adidas in show of support to brand ambassador husband David following scandal Effortlessly chic! Model Jessica Hart flashes a hint of cleavage as she goes BRALESS in plunging black outfit at New York Fashion Week 'Sticky as hell!' Atomic Kitten pose for a busty photo as they get hot and sweaty on the Melbourne leg of their reunion tour... as Kerry Katona bounces back after her mystery illness Suddenly shy? Rita Ora wraps up in oversized shearling coat as she heads to Heathrow airport... after flashing underboob at Fifty Shades Darker premiere 'You need company': Grieving Debbie McGee hints that she's ready to find love again as she tries to 'keep busy' a year after husband Paul Daniels' death Baby's first Chanel: Rob Kardashian posts sweet snap of baby Dream wearing designer outfit as she turns three months old Alec Baldwin roasts Ivanka Trump during Tonight Show saying he bought his suit from her collection for '95 per cent off' amid Nordstrom fiasco Free the nipple! Raf Simons sends his models down the runway at New York Fashion Week in risque SEE-THROUGH sweaters as he debuts his first Calvin Klein collection Brielle Biermann enjoys a sweet early Valentine's Day celebration with boyfriend Michael Kopech and wins 'best girlfriend' award Revenge is best served HOT! Khloe Kardashian proudly models her ripped body in mirror selfie after officially dropping Odom from her name 'We connected really quickly:' Gigi Hadid reveals she tried struggled to play it cool after falling hard for Zayn when they first met Richard Gere, 67, and girlfriend Alejandra Silva, 33, pucker up on the red carpet as they put on a besotted display at the Berlin Film Festival Oh, what beautiful morning! Leighton Meester, Camilla Belle and Victoria Justice flock to Russian Tea Room for Kate Spade NYFW show Millie Bobby Brown joins the A-list front row fashion set at Calvin Klein after being named the new face of the designer brand at just 12 Seeking frills! Alexa Chung flaunts her long lean figure as she braves the cold in chic crochet dress to attend Calvin Klein show during New York Fashion Week Love you, baby! Maksim Chmerkovskiy kisses Peta Murgatroyd at fashion show as they take a night off parent duty one month after birth of son  While Kate Spade unveils a Paris-inspired 2017 collection with the help of Victoria Justice, Tanya Taylor serves up intricate pieces for the modern gal Golden girls! Gwyneth Paltrow and Sarah Jessica Parker rock autumnal colors for Calvin Klein's Fall Winter show at NYFW Naomie Harris is the picture of elegance in checked trousers and chic white coat as she makes glamorous arrival at Calvin Klein NYFW show Ex On The Beach's Chloe Goodman flaunts her ample assets and peachy bottom in a tiny mismatched bikini as she hits the pool in Tenerife 'You can't be obese and happy': Super-slimmer Tina Malone claims true joy comes from being thin... but Chantelle Houghton says 'life is too short' The Grammys' 'trophy girls' who dish out the awards now include a transgender woman and a man  Martina Robledo, Derek Marrocco, Hollin Haley will be the 3 handlers 'I'd like to have kids... but I need a guy!' Sophie Monk reveals hopes of having a baby THIS YEAR and is open to being a single mum 'if it got to that' 'She's very shaken up': Love Island's Olivia Buckland left in hospital after hitting her head in petrifying car crash Sustained an injury to her head  How Kate took ten years off her face: The Duchess has ditched her heavy eyeliner, and matte foundation since turning 35 (and looks a decade younger) MY HAVEN - Martin Roberts: The Homes Under The Hammer host, 53, in his tree house (and radio studio) in Somerset  She plays Governor Hildur Odegard in Sky Atlantic's dark drama Fortitude and here Sofie Grabol talks us through a week on the show's set... Tony Blackburn will make his triumphant return to Radio 2 for a 6am Saturday job one year after his sacking  Sounds Of The 60s I'm not Radio Gaga, legendary DJ Brian Matthew tells JANE FRYER after he briefly fell ill and was abruptly pensioned off from the BBC following 63 years with the corporation  It's celebrity walkies! Well-known faces walk their dogs in stunning locations and telling us as much about the owners as the beauty spots Bill Oddie wouldn't do yoga, Sheila Ferguson had a date and Miriam Stoppard couldn't surrender to the spirituality. Yes, The Real Marigold Hotel is back Natural beauty! Makeup-free Pia Miller shares 'grumpy selfie' ahead of early morning shoot and STILL looks stunning The Germans won the war and Britain is under occupation. That's the idea behind new TV drama SS-GB - and its dystopian vision is utterly chilling: Welcome to Nazi Britain  Terry Pratchett's final fantasy: The late literary legend recorded his innermost thoughts before he passed away in 2015 - now actor Paul Kaye's brought them to life in a moving film After a tantalising star turn in The Night Manager, Elizabeth Debicki returns to British TV in Australian alien abduction thriller The Kettering Incident Fancy seeing you here! Lily-Rose Depp bumps into her pal Tallulah Willis at popular LA lunch spot The two friends met unexpectedly Richard Gere and his co-star Laura Linney cosy up to each other on the red carpet for new film The Dinner at the 67th Berlinale International Film Festival Whoopi Goldberg reveals she didn't realise how much she depended on her mother and brother as she discusses their deaths on Loose Women EXCLUSIVE: 'We had SEX in Buckingham Palace toilets': Steve Jones admits to a very naughty regal romp with his wife Phylicia Her pride and joy! Teresa Palmer shares adorable snap of her sons Bodhi Rain and Forest Sage as she gushes over the baby's 'new chatter' Picking up a present for the grandchildren? Amal Clooney's mum is pictured heading into a children's bookshop as it's revealed the couple are expecting twins Blondes have more fun! Allison Williams shows off platinum hair at LA screening of Get Out with director Jordan Peele and co-stars Kate Moss flashes her racy leather bra as she unbuttons her shirt during dinner in London... before heading home in the early hours bleary-eyed She'll catch her death! Braless Ashley James puts on a VERY busty display as she showcases her ample cleavage in plunging pink knitwear Time to chill! Geordie Shore newbie Zahida Allen braves snowy conditions in TINY plunging mini dress as she enjoys girls' night at French ski resort 'My heart is broken!' Twitter goes into mourning as Kris Marshall bids an emotional farewell to Death In Paradise Charli Sexy-X! Popstar puts on very busty display in plunging bralet and tiny shorts as she performs new single on Jimmy Kimmel Live 'She threw me off!': Maria Shriver gets flustered after Lena Dunham says the word penis during live interview on Today show Take a bow! Solange Knowles shows off a hint of cleavage in quirky plunging blazer at the Black Women in Music event in Hollywood  So wild! Sofia Vergara wears zebra print blouse as she films Modern Family with Ed O'Neill In character as Gloria during a shoot day 'It's got a life of its own!' Linda Robson has Loose Women panel in stitches as she fails to switch off sex toy and mistakes nipple tassels for earrings PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Tyga's ex Demi Rose sizzles in racy red lace lingerie for sexy Valentine's Day shoot as she reveals plans to move to America Shia LaBeouf's anti-Trump museum exhibit is shut down after becoming a 'flashpoint for violence' He Will Not Divide Us exhibit Tara Palmer-Tomkinson's family reveal she 'died peacefully in her sleep' as heartbroken sister visits tragic socialite's £1.6million apartment  Lisa Appleton flashes her very ample assets whilst flexing her muscles in Wonder Woman-inspired gym wear by the seaside in Blackpool 'There was a baby boom!' Jamie Dornan admits erotic Fifty Shades sex scenes with Dakota Johnson led to pregnancy surge 'You're going to cry again': Eamonn Holmes reminds emotional Ruth Langsford of how he asked her mum for hand in marriage during her dad's dementia battle Aidan Turner puffs away on a cigarette before he resumes filming with Eleanor Tomlinson for Poldark season three EastEnders' Jack Branning can't contain his grief-fuelled rage as it's revealed what really caused Ronnie and Roxy Mitchell's deaths Seething with rage  Not wanted! NeNe Leakes and Kim Zolciak's return to RHOA angers co-stars amid pay cut concerns Sure to be explosive Fresh fears for Mischa Barton as she is seen drinking, smoking and partying until 3am just weeks after shocking 'meltdown'  Pictured drinking 'Amal's twins and Beyonce's twins will sit on the thrones of Narnia': Twitter reacts to George Clooney baby news Double the joy! 'Caught early it's very curable': Pointless host Alexander Armstrong undergoes testicular cancer test in front of millions on This Morning Praised by viewers  Sheer daring! Kendall Jenner bares pert derriere in see-through gown as she hits catwalk for La Perla NYFW show Sheer style 'Everything I could possibly ever want on my birthday': Make-up free Holly Willoughby poses for a rare snap with her three children as she turns 36 Could it be a trio of pregnancies for The Hills? Speidi fuel rumours they are expecting as they congratulate Whitney Port and Lauren Conrad 'He thinks he can win in every discipline' Davina McCall on Spencer Matthews' cocky attitude on The Jump... and his co-stars plan to 'take him down' '27 weeks and 2 days': Pregnant Love Island star Cally Jane Beech excitedly shares picture of her growing baby bump as she poses in her underwear  Mini Moyles! Radio DJ Chris showcases his jaw-dropping five stone weight loss at the opening of Jamie Oliver's new restaurant in London Save the breast for last! Courtney Stodden sizzles in plunging bodysuit as she showcases major sideboob at pre-Grammys bash in LA Death in Paradise star whose shorts have made her a hit with viewers entertains Twitter with live episode updates (and responds to their flirty posts) 'I'm just gutted I'm not allowed to see you': Kirk Norcross shares heart-wrenching video with daughter  on her first birthday...amid claims ex is blocking access LEAFing little to the imagination! Charlotte McKinney flaunts her eye-popping cleavage in a sheer top as she accessorises with a quirky clutch When she's feeling blue: Selma Blair flaunts her legs in a patterned mini and a matching pyjama-style ensemble as she mixed up her look throughout the day Rosie Huntington-Whiteley, 29, finally confirms she's PREGNANT with fiance Jason Statham, 49, as she shares burgeoning bikini bump snap  'Looking hot in those kinky boots this morning!' Twitter goes wild for Lorraine Kelly's patent leather knee-highs on TV show It's Ferry slippy! Geordie Shore's Chloe takes a tumble on the ice alongside cast mate Marnie Simpson as they continue to film new series in Tignes Brooklyn Beckham heads out for a night out on the town amid father David's email hacking scandal Heading to Mayfair It was never meant to workout! Jamie O'Hara endures gruelling personal training session... after dumping CBB love interest Bianca Gascoigne EastEnders suffers another epic gaffe when stagehand wanders into Aunt Babe and Sylvie's dramatic scene A man in a high vis jacket was in shot Lady in leather! Smiling Queen Maxima of the Netherlands steps out in an edgy plum pencil skirt on a visit to a design school in east Germany  TayTay Starhz continues to cash in on THAT kiss with Zoe Ball as he claims he helped cause the end of her marriage to Norman Cook  Can YOU identify these stars from just their lips? Scientists say plump pouts like the Kardashians' aren't the most desirable while Holly Willoughby has a perfect pair Awkward! Suits stars Rick Hoffman and Sarah Rafferty dodge question about co-star Meghan Markle and Prince Harry on The Project Such a (Suga)babe! Heidi Range oozes glamour in a lace jumpsuit as she enjoys a theatre date night with hunky husband at the Carole King Musical It's official! George Clooney, 55, and pregnant wife Amal, 39, finally confirm rumours they are expecting TWINS Due in June 50 shades duller! (And as erotic as a bluebottle landing on your bottom): BRIAN VINER gives his verdict on the sequel Even more pale and at times downright limp 'Just perfect': Peter Andre shares intimate breastfeeding snap of wife Emily MacDonagh... as they hint at solidarity for Tamara Ecclestone following her rant When Hermione fell for Voldemort... Hilarious Beauty and The Beast spoof trailer sees Emma Watson's Belle fall in love with Harry Potter's evil nemesis Revealed: The punishing regime that saw DJ Chris Moyles ditch pizza for quinoa and the radio chair for running to shed a whopping FIVE STONE   With their drunken orgies, the sexually voracious Wizard Of Oz Munchkins turned to whoring, pimping and other crimes   Exposed 'I'm putting my pyjamas on': Katie Price teases she won't be getting X-rated with husband Kieran Hayler after watching steamy Fifty Shades Darker 'Every day I want more drugs': Friends reveal tragic Tara's struggle with addiction in her final months as sister tells of her heartbreak Tragic death Throwback Thursday! Zayn Malik channels James Dean with edgy shearling jacket and classic quiff at Billboard Power 100 celebration Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy   Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Zoetis Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Zoetis Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Michael Rapino Sells 210,000 Shares of Live Nation Entertainment, Inc. (LYV) Stock Blackrock Throgmorton Trust PLC (THRG) Increases Dividend to GBX 6.25 Per Share Pattern Energy Group Inc. (PEGI) Stock Rating Lowered by Zacks Investment Research Analysts Issue Forecasts for Akamai Technologies, Inc.’s Q1 2017 Earnings (AKAM) Allergan PLC. (AGN) Forecasted to Post Q1 2017 Earnings of $3.55 Per Share AngioDynamics, Inc. (ANGO) Receives $16.63 Average Target Price from Brokerages Sanatana Resources Inc (STA) Director Peter Leighton Miles Purchases 372,000 Shares of Stock Alexander & Baldwin Holdings, Inc. (ALEX) Director Stanley M. Kuriyama Sells 4,250 Shares Nicholas Financial, Inc. (NICK) Major Shareholder Magnolia Capital Fund, Lp Purchases 19,196 Shares Brokerages Anticipate Air Methods Corporation (AIRM) to Post $0.61 Earnings Per Share Owens Corning Inc (OC) Upgraded to Hold by Zacks Investment Research Avon Products, Inc. (AVP) Forecasted to Post Q1 2017 Earnings of $0.05 Per Share Analysts Offer Predictions for Camden Property Trust’s Q1 2017 Earnings (CPT) Jefferies Group Comments on CenturyLink, Inc.’s Q1 2017 Earnings (CTL) Brokerages Set Computer Programs and Systems, Inc. (CPSI) Price Target at $34.55 Seaport Global Securities Brokers Cut Earnings Estimates for Diamond Offshore Drilling, Inc. (DO) Daniel Kerzner Sells 36,000 Shares of Alarm.com Holdings, Inc. (ALRM) Stock Elissa Fink Sells 5,000 Shares of Tableau Software, Inc. (DATA) Stock Eaton Vance Tax-Managed Global Buy-Write (ETW) to Issue $0.10 Monthly Dividend Fiserv, Inc. to Post Q1 2017 Earnings of $1.18 Per Share, SunTrust Banks Forecasts (FISV) Zoetis Inc. (ZTS) Stake Boosted by First Interstate Bank February 10th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Latisha Jones Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet First Interstate Bank increased its position in Zoetis Inc. (NYSE:ZTS) by 17.5% during the fourth quarter, according to its most recent filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission. The institutional investor owned 2,174 shares of the company’s stock after buying an additional 324 shares during the period. First Interstate Bank’s holdings in Zoetis were worth $116,000 as of its most recent SEC filing. Other institutional investors also recently bought and sold shares of the company. Gilder Gagnon Howe & Co. LLC increased its position in Zoetis by 0.4% in the second quarter. Gilder Gagnon Howe & Co. LLC now owns 6,730 shares of the company’s stock worth $319,000 after buying an additional 26 shares in the last quarter. Sterneck Capital Management LLC raised its stake in Zoetis by 0.7% in the second quarter. Sterneck Capital Management LLC now owns 5,766 shares of the company’s stock valued at $274,000 after buying an additional 38 shares during the last quarter. Fulton Bank N.A. raised its stake in Zoetis by 1.6% in the third quarter. Fulton Bank N.A. now owns 5,279 shares of the company’s stock valued at $275,000 after buying an additional 83 shares during the last quarter. Moors & Cabot Inc. raised its stake in Zoetis by 0.6% in the third quarter. Moors & Cabot Inc. now owns 15,599 shares of the company’s stock valued at $812,000 after buying an additional 100 shares during the last quarter. Finally, Mn Services Vermogensbeheer B.V. raised its stake in Zoetis by 0.9% in the third quarter. Mn Services Vermogensbeheer B.V. now owns 12,083 shares of the company’s stock valued at $628,000 after buying an additional 109 shares during the last quarter. 93.85% of the stock is currently owned by institutional investors. Zoetis Inc. (NYSE:ZTS) traded up 0.027% on Friday, hitting $55.975. 1,406,775 shares of the stock were exchanged. The stock has a market cap of $27.64 billion, a PE ratio of 40.357 and a beta of 1.07. Zoetis Inc. has a 1-year low of $39.21 and a 1-year high of $56.50. The company’s 50 day moving average is $54.22 and its 200 day moving average is $51.62. The company also recently disclosed a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Wednesday, March 1st. Stockholders of record on Friday, January 20th will be paid a $0.105 dividend. This represents a $0.42 dividend on an annualized basis and a dividend yield of 0.75%. This is a boost from Zoetis’s previous quarterly dividend of $0.10. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Wednesday, January 18th. Zoetis’s payout ratio is presently 30.44%. TRADEMARK VIOLATION WARNING: This story was posted by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are accessing this story on another site, it was stolen and reposted in violation of US and international copyright & trademark legislation. The original version of this story can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/02/10/zoetis-inc-zts-stake-boosted-by-first-interstate-bank.html. ZTS has been the subject of several recent research reports. Zacks Investment Research lowered shares of Zoetis from a “hold” rating to a “sell” rating in a research report on Thursday, October 13th. Deutsche Bank AG initiated coverage on shares of Zoetis in a research report on Tuesday, December 20th. They issued a “buy” rating and a $62.00 price objective for the company. JPMorgan Chase & Co. reissued a “hold” rating and issued a $53.00 price objective on shares of Zoetis in a research report on Thursday, November 3rd. Finally, Piper Jaffray Companies reissued an “overweight” rating and issued a $61.00 price objective on shares of Zoetis in a research report on Thursday, December 15th. Three research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, three have given a hold rating, eight have assigned a buy rating and one has assigned a strong buy rating to the company’s stock. The company currently has a consensus rating of “Hold” and a consensus price target of $57.73. In other news, insider Kristin C. Peck sold 10,092 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction on Tuesday, November 22nd. The shares were sold at an average price of $49.55, for a total value of $500,058.60. Following the completion of the sale, the insider now directly owns 22,768 shares in the company, valued at $1,128,154.40. The sale was disclosed in a filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is available through this link. 0.05% of the stock is currently owned by insiders. Zoetis Company Profile Zoetis Inc is engaged in the discovery, development, manufacture and commercialization of animal health medicines and vaccines, with a focus on both livestock and companion animals. The Company has a diversified business, marketing products across over eight core species: cattle, swine, poultry, sheep and fish (collectively, livestock), and dogs, cats and horses (collectively, companion animals), and within over five product categories: anti-infectives, vaccines, parasiticides, medicated feed additives and other pharmaceuticals. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding ZTS? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Zoetis Inc. (NYSE:ZTS). Receive News & Ratings for Zoetis Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Zoetis Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News White House Announces Conway Was Counseled Warren Receives Support After GOP Formally Silences Her Report: Trump Was Not Completely Briefed on Bannon NSC Seat Justice Department Will Challenge Stop to Travel Ban President Trump Cancels Harley-Davidson Trip Due to Possible Protests © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Skip to navigation Skip to content Skip to footer View text version of this page Help using this website - Accessibility statement Menu WA Today Business Login Sign-up Become a WA Today member today Join today and you can easily save your favourite articles, join in the conversation and comment, plus select which news your want direct to your inbox. Create your account now! Become a WA Today member today Join today and you can easily save your favourite articles, join in the conversation and comment, plus select which news your want direct to your inbox. Create your account now! Home News Sport Business World Politics Comment Property Entertainment Lifestyle Travel Cars Tech Video All News WA News National Environment Health Education Galleries Good Weekend NSW News Victoria News ACT News Queensland Sport AFL WA Sport Cricket Union Soccer NRL Racing Golf Basketball Cycling Motorsport Tennis Scores Athletics Swimming Boxing Sailing Netball Fitz Files Business News & Views Markets Quotes Workplace Consumer Property Innovation Retail Economy CBD Money Small Business Politics Political News Political Opinion Video Cartoons The Pulse Federal Election 2016 Your Vote Electorate Map Comment View from the Street John Birmingham Obituaries Satire Heckler Entertainment Movies TV & Radio TV Guide Music Art Stage Books Your Perth Video Lifestyle News & Views Life & Relationships Health & Wellbeing Beauty Fashion Celebrity Home The Optimist Tech News Security Web Culture Innovation Sci-Tech Games Gadgets Smartphone Apps Mobiles Video News Sport Business Entertainment Lifestyle Property Cars Food Exec Style Parenting Search Site News & Views Markets Quotes Workplace Consumer Property Innovation Retail Economy CBD Money Small Biz Indices Market Movers Sectors Currencies Live 52 Week Highs 52 Week Lows Floats & IPOs Home Business Markets February 11 2017 - 2:42AM Save Print Citigroup sees potential for 10pc advance in global equities Sofia Horta e Costa facebook SHARE twitter TWEET email google-plus linkedin reddit More Citigroup is looking to history to show the global equity rally could be far from over. With the MSCI All-Country World Index up 24 per cent from a low last February, similar gains since 1980 suggest it will jump at least 10 per cent in the next year, Citigroup strategists led by Robert Buckland wrote in a note. Improving corporate earnings, rising bond yields and money flowing back into equity funds are combining to support another leg up for global stocks. SHARE Share on Facebook SHARE Share on Twitter TWEET Pin to Pinterest PIN Link With the MSCI All-Country World Index up 24 per cent from a low last February, similar gains since 1980 suggest it will jump at least 10 per cent in the next year, Citigroup strategists said. Photo: Michael Nagle "Healthy market gains from current levels are consistent with the views of our strategists around the world," they wrote in a note dated February 9. With the global stocks gauge now trading above its three-year average valuation, strategists are looking to predict what's next and opinions are diverging: JPMorgan Chase & Co last month said a rise in bond yields is essential for the stock rally to survive. For HSBC Holdings, markets are getting expensive and there's a lot of economic policy uncertainty, strategists have said. BNP Paribas kicked the month off saying that stocks are peaking. Citigroup is using the historical road map to point out that in about three-quarters of the time after such rallies in the past, the index has gained between 10 per cent and 15 per cent in the following 12 months. Still, even Citigroup sounds a note of caution, warning that following gains of this magnitude, any second leg up does tend to be bumpy, with pullbacks of at least 7 per cent in about three-quarters of similar rallies in the past. "Remember that corrections can still happen," they wrote. "Maybe political concerns could trigger this in 2017." Advertisement HuffPost Australia Government Plans To Slash Youth ... Contains: External link Dick Pratt's Family Donated Way More To ... Contains: External link Most Popular Now it's back to business as usual, bring on the wage rises Amber Harrison lobs fresh grenade at Seven Wall Street jumps to record on 'phenomenal' tax hopes Domino's needs to face up to itself 'Lie with the dog, you're going to come up with fleas' Follow BusinessDay Share on FacebookFacebook Share on TwitterTwitter Follow WA Today Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on EmailNewsletters Advertisement Most Viewed Today Previous slide Next slide Business Amber Harrison lobs fresh grenade at Seven Now it's back to business as usual, bring on the wage rises Wall Street jumps to record on 'phenomenal' tax hopes The question the market finally dared to ask Rupert Murdoch Domino's needs to face up to itself WA Today 'Puff, puff, pass': How WA's dolphins are using blowfish to get high Perth freeway hit and run pursuit caught on dash camera Wet and wild weather cancels Perth's weekend plans Northam residents evacuating as a precaution as flood waters rise The Sydney Morning Herald Threat of blackouts looms as NSW bakes in heatwave Sea World dolphin show sabotaged by activists Donald Trump plans travel ban backflip after court ruling, reports say 'Lie with the dog, you're going to come up with fleas' The Age Massive spider claims six seats for itself on busy Melbourne train First openly gay AFL player couple: "We're proud, and proud of each other" Norwegian Star cruise liner broken down and drifting near Melbourne AFP under fire over support services after experienced officer's death Brisbane Times Brisbane's 2016 food hall of shame revealed Sea World dolphin show sabotaged by activists Two far north Queensland punters win lotto three days apart Oh boy. It's meant to be 39 degrees in Brisbane on Sunday Canberra Times Three children in hospital after crash on Kings Highway Bush towns to bid for Canberra departments Total fire ban to extend into Sunday as temperatures exceed 40 degrees Police seek witnesses after man and woman shot in Gordon Rain forecast and cooler temperatures on the way WA Today Share via Email Share on Facebook Share on Google Plus Share on Twitter RSS Feed Products and Services AM Edition PM Edition Good Food Guide Newsletters WA Today Sitemap About Us Contact Us Advertise With Us Text Version Site Accessibility Guide Classifieds Classifieds & Notices Cars Dating Jobs Real Estate Commercial Real Estate Oneflare Nabo Our Sites SMH The Age AFR.com Adzuna Domain Drive RSVP Essential Baby Home Price Guide Weatherzone Fairfax Media Member Centre News Store Archive Fairfax Syndication Careers Events Press Council Copyright © 2017Fairfax Media Website Feedback
obsessions our picks latest popular like us on facebook follow us on twitter quartz index about us register log in log out Events Atlas quartz quartz India quartz Africa Change your edition back to menu TEA LEAVES Three signals that Donald Trump isn’t going to renegotiate NAFTA Written by Tim Fernholz Obsession "America First" February 10, 2017 "I've changed my mind completely on that." (AP Photo/Pablo Martinez Monsivais) Share Written by Tim Fernholz Obsession "America First" February 10, 2017 As Donald Trump lunches with Japanese prime minister Shinzo Abe, reportedly to talk about the future of global trade, it’s worth assessing whether or not the new US president will really attempt to renegotiate an important trade pact closer to home: the North America Free Trade Agreement (NAFTA) between the US, Canada, and Mexico. NAFTA, since it already governs a significant share of economic activity, matters much more than Trump’s decision to officially pull out of the Trans-Pacific Partnership, a not-yet-sealed deal that looked unlikely to come into force regardless of who won the US election. But shaking up NAFTA would have real effects on existing business—which is why Trump will likely prefer cosmetic changes to it over doing anything meaningful. Trump has talked tough, against Mexico specifically, about renegotiating NAFTA. But there’s plenty of reason to believe that Trump will bow to special-interest concerns supporting the pact as is. After all, when his populist priorities meet a corporation’s bottom line, the company has a tendency to win out. Exhibit A: The change of heart on subsidizing exporters Most recently, there is the example of the Export-Import Bank, a US agency that subsidizes American companies that sell abroad, largely Boeing and General Electric. Libertarians hate the bank, saying it is just corporate welfare, and were convinced that the populist president would oppose its activities. “[Trump] essentially said that he was against it,” Andy Koenig, who lobbies against the bank on behalf of a Koch Industries-funded nonprofit, told the Washington Times in December. Koenig was hopeful that Trump, once in office, would shut down the bank. But Trump has apparently found a new position. A group of lawmakers who met with the president on Feb. 9 say he’s embracing the plan to use government money to back American exporters. “Ex-Im Bank was big news, he wants to get that done,” senator Joe Manchin, a West Virginia Democrat, told Politico after the meeting. “He said, ‘I’ve changed my mind completely on that. I’ve seen how it functions and what it can do and we can’t compete if we don’t have a functioning Ex-Im Bank.’ Before, he thought it was different. So he’s changed and he’s 100 percent. He said, ‘You can tell everyone I said that.'” Hmm. Exhibit B: The about-face on Medicare Then consider Trump’s bluster on drug prices. Advocates for health care access have often called on Medicare, the US public health insurer, to use its market clout more aggressively to secure price cuts on medicine. On the campaign trail, Trump promised his deal-making presidency would adopt this policy to save $300 billion. “We don’t do it. Why? Because of the drug companies,” he said. But after meeting with pharmaceutical industry lobbyists at the White House during the second week of his presidency, Trump emerged to tell reporters that “I’ll oppose anything that makes it harder for smaller, younger companies to take the risk of bringing their product to a vibrantly competitive market. That includes price-fixing by the biggest dog in the market, Medicare, which is what’s happening.” At that point, the writing already had been on the wall: Trump had tapped Congressman Tom Price, a foe of using Medicare’s market power to lower prices, to run the US Department of Health and Human Services, which oversees the Medicare program. Exhibit C: Jamie Dimon’s expert advice In one of Trump’s most infamous campaign speeches, he attacked his Democratic opponent’s connection to the financial sector. “Hillary Clinton meets in secret with international banks to plot the destruction of US sovereignty in order to enrich these global financial powers, her special interest friends, and her donors,” Trump claimed. After he won the election, Trump met with a group of bankers, including Jamie Dimon, the CEO of international megabank JPMorgan Chase, and discussed the future of Dodd-Frank, the package of laws enacted in 2010 to prevent a future financial crisis. “We have some of the bankers here,” Trump told reporters afterward. “There’s nobody better to tell me about Dodd-Frank than Jamie, so you’re going to tell me about it. We expect to be cutting a lot out of Dodd Frank, because frankly I have so many people, friends of mine, that have nice businesses and they can’t borrow money…they just can’t get any money because the banks just won’t let them borrow because of the rules and regulations in Dodd-Frank.” When Trump is on the campaign trail, there’s a conspiracy of international banks undermining the US. In the White House, he’s found these same bankers offer the best advice on how to tailor the laws so his friends’ businesses can get loans. The same day, Trump signed an executive order directing his Treasury secretary overhaul Dodd-Frank, with his economic advisor Gary Cohn, formerly president of Goldman Sachs, saying banks had too much capital and followed too many rules. So, when it comes to NAFTA, will Trump force America’s multinational companies to undergo costly rebuilds of their supply chains? Or will he meet with their lobbyists and CEOs and soon be singing a different tune? One clue: The White House still hasn’t notified Congress that Trump is planning to renegotiate, which would start a 90-day countdown for a new deal to receive express consideration by lawmakers. That means his promise to overhaul NAFTA in the first 100 days is as good as broken. Most Popular Three signals that Donald Trump isn’t going to renegotiate NAFTA Read full story home our picks popular latest obsessions search
X Edition: United States Business Business Home Legal Deals Aerospace & Defense Finance Autos Reuters Summits ADventures Data Dive Markets Markets Home U.S. Markets European Markets Asian Markets Global Market Data Indices Stocks Bonds Currencies Commodities Futures Funds Earnings Dividends World World Home U.S. Special Reports Reuters Investigates Euro Zone Middle East China Japan Mexico Brazil Africa Russia India Politics Politics Home Polling Explorer Live: Trump's First 100 Days What Voters Want Supreme Court Tech Technology Home Science Top 100 Global Innovators Media Environment Innovation Commentary Commentary Home Podcasts Breakingviews Breakingviews Home Breakingviews Video Money Money Home Retirement Lipper Awards Analyst Research Stock Screener Fund Screener Life Health Sports Arts Entertainment Oddly Enough Pictures Pictures Home The Wider Image Photographers Focus 360 Video Brazil's busiest week for IPOs in years marked by mixed fortunes Africa América Latina عربي Argentina Brasil Canada 中国 Deutschland España France India Italia 日本 México РОССИЯ United Kingdom United States Funds News | Fri Feb 10, 2017 | 1:18pm EST Brazil's busiest week for IPOs in years marked by mixed fortunes By Guillermo Parra-Bernal and Bruno Federowski | SAO PAULO SAO PAULO Feb 10 Brazil's busiest week for initial public offerings in nearly four years ended on Friday with mixed results for issuers, faced with wariness among foreign investors toward Latin America's largest equity market amid fallout from political turmoil. Rent-a-car Movida Participações SA and medical laboratory Instituto Hermes Pardini SA concluded their IPOs despite pressure for lower prices. Movida's rival Unidas SA, however, halted its IPO plans on Friday, four people directly involved in the deals said. Aside from overlapping IPOs between the rental car rivals, the pricing of a large 4.1 billion reais ($1.3 billion) follow-on offering by CCR SA, Brazil's largest toll road operator, might have hampered demand for the offerings, the sources said. This week was the busiest for domestic equity offerings since April 2013, when three large listings were priced. Investors stung by a string of deals in recent years that failed to deliver promised returns have become cautious about IPOs in Brazil. Only about a third of the 138 IPOs priced over the past decade yielded returns above the benchmark interbank lending rate, Thomson Reuters data showed, with the remainder losing part or all of the amount initially invested. Movida's shares, which plunged on Wednesday - their first day of trading - have since recovered and appear headed toward notching a 2 percent gain on the week. Extending the current wave of offerings and providing cheaper funding for companies hinges on President Michel Temer's ability to push ahead with ambitious reforms to lower the country's risk perception, bankers said. "This week showed we are still in a buyers' market and investors still feel more comfortable taking existing risk than new one," said one of the people, who asked for anonymity to speak about the transactions. BALANCING ACT Stronger equity markets and companies' need to fund growth or reduce debt are the "fundamental catalysts in place" sustaining IPO activity in Brazil and Latin America this year, according to Pedro Martins, chief Latin America equity strategist for JPMorgan Securities. However, companies seeking to tap the local equity markets face a balancing act: how to offer acceptable risk and return as Brazil enters a third straight year of economic recession, political risks remain elevated and global trade protectionism gains steam under U.S. President Donald Trump, bankers said. Such uncertainty is keeping foreign investors - traditionally the largest buyers of Brazilian IPOs - on the sidelines. Foreigners snapped up only 15 percent of the Pardini deal, a fraction of the 67 percent participation ratio they had about a decade ago, the people said. The mixed results of this week's IPOs may shed light on how a list of long-awaited listings should come to market. Those companies include airline Azul Linhas Aéreas Brasileiras SA, securities firm XP Investimentos SA and the Brazilian unit of France's Carrefour SA. A new wave of IPO requests should resume in late March or early April and stretch for longer should market conditions prove favorable, bankers at Itaú BBA SA and Banco Bradesco BBI SA, the country's largest equity underwriters, recently told Reuters. Movida's IPO on Monday raised a smaller-than-expected 645 million reais, after controlling shareholder JSL SA was forced to lower the deal's pricetag. A member of JSL's controlling family subscribed about 15 percent of the deal to ensure its completion, sources told Reuters. On Thursday, Hermes Pardini clinched about 1 billion reais at a price slightly above the floor of the suggested price range, one of the people said. At the floor of the price range, investors bid the equivalent of three times the amount of shares on offer, the same person said. In the case of Unidas, shareholders Gávea Investimentos Ltda, Vinci Partners and Kinea Investimentos Ltda shunned a suggestion from bankers to cut the price range to secure demand for the IPO. Banks are working on ways to help the three shareholders divest their combined stake of about 45 percent in Unidas, one of the people said. ($1 = 3.1145 Brazilian reais) (Editing by Daniel Flynn and G Crosse) Next In Funds News BRIEF-Victory Capital Management reports 5.54 pct passive stake in Infinity Property And Casualty Corp * Victory Capital Management Inc reports a 5.54 percent passive stake in Infinity Property And Casualty Corp as on december 31, 2016 - SEC filing Source text - http://bit.ly/2keIupJ Further company coverage: BRIEF-Raging Capital reports 15.9 pct stake in Rentech * Raging Capital Management LLC reports 15.9 percent stake in Rentech Inc as of Feb 1 2017 - SEC filing BRIEF-Intel Corp reports 4.9 percent passive stake in Impinj Inc as of February 2 - SEC filing * Intel Corp reports 4.9 percent passive stake in Impinj Inc as of February 2 - SEC filing Source text for Eikon: (http://bit.ly/2kcNnVj) Further company coverage: MORE FROM REUTERS Sponsored Content From Around the WebPromoted by Revcontent Trending Stories Pictures Photos of the week Sponsored Topics X Follow Reuters: Follow Us On Twitter Follow Us On Facebook Follow Us On RSS Follow Us On Instagram Follow Us On YouTube Follow Us On LinkedIn Subscribe: Feeds | Newsletters | Podcasts | Apps Reuters News Agency | Brand Attribution Guidelines | Careers Reuters is the news and media division of Thomson Reuters. Thomson Reuters is the world's largest international multimedia news agency, providing investing news, world news, business news, technology news, headline news, small business news, news alerts, personal finance, stock market, and mutual funds information available on Reuters.com, video, mobile, and interactive television platforms. Learn more about Thomson Reuters products: Eikon Information, analytics and exclusive news on financial markets - delivered in an intuitive desktop and mobile interface Elektron Everything you need to empower your workflow and enhance your enterprise data management World-Check Screen for heightened risk individual and entities globally to help uncover hidden risks in business relationships and human networks Westlaw Build the strongest argument relying on authoritative content, attorney-editor expertise, and industry defining technology ONESOURCE The most comprehensive solution to manage all your complex and ever-expanding tax and compliance needs CHECKPOINT The industry leader for online information for tax, accounting and finance professionals All quotes delayed a minimum of 15 minutes. See here for a complete list of exchanges and delays. Site Feedback Corrections Advertising Guidelines Cookies Terms of Use Privacy Policy
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy   Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Humana Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Humana Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Cowen Group, Inc. (COWN) Shares Bought by D. E. Shaw & Co. Inc. La-Z-Boy Incorporated (LZB) Stake Cut by D. E. Shaw & Co. Inc. D. E. Shaw & Co. Inc. Sells 115,336 Shares of Sonus Networks, Inc. (SONS) McKesson Corporation (MCK) Position Held by Capital World Investors Capital World Investors Sells 2,100,000 Shares of Kimberly-Clark Corporation (KMB) Capital International Investors Decreases Position in Boeing Company (The) (BA) Highbridge Capital Management LLC Cuts Stake in ClubCorp Holdings, Inc. (MYCC) Extreme Networks, Inc. (EXTR) Shares Bought by Highbridge Capital Management LLC Graham Holdings Company (GHC) Position Raised by Highbridge Capital Management LLC Highbridge Capital Management LLC Takes Position in Choice Hotels International, Inc. (CHH) Fuller & Thaler Asset Management Inc. Sells 6,000 Shares of Juniper Networks, Inc. (JNPR) Fuller & Thaler Asset Management Inc. Takes Position in Performance Food Group Company (PFGC) Fuller & Thaler Asset Management Inc. Has $147,000 Stake in Southwest Gas Corporation (SWX) Fuller & Thaler Asset Management Inc. Has $145,000 Stake in Jacobs Engineering Group Inc. (JEC) MetLife, Inc. (MET) Shares Sold by Fuller & Thaler Asset Management Inc. Fuller & Thaler Asset Management Inc. Acquires 1,000 Shares of Axis Capital Holdings Limited (AXS) D. E. Shaw & Co. Inc. Has $7,811,000 Position in Endurance Specialty Holdings Ltd (ENH) D. E. Shaw & Co. Inc. Purchases 50,413 Shares of Genuine Parts Company (GPC) D. E. Shaw & Co. Inc. Increases Position in IPG Photonics Corporation (IPGP) Nabors Industries Ltd. (NBR) Shares Sold by Gotham Asset Management LLC Humana Inc. (HUM) Position Boosted by Css LLC Il February 10th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Stacy Sanders Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Css LLC Il boosted its position in shares of Humana Inc. (NYSE:HUM) by 100.0% during the third quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The fund owned 8,000 shares of the insurance provider’s stock after buying an additional 4,000 shares during the period. Css LLC Il’s holdings in Humana were worth $1,415,000 as of its most recent filing with the SEC. Other large investors have also recently added to or reduced their stakes in the company. Daiwa SB Investments Ltd. raised its stake in Humana by 1.4% in the third quarter. Daiwa SB Investments Ltd. now owns 730 shares of the insurance provider’s stock worth $129,000 after buying an additional 10 shares during the last quarter. ARGI Investment Services LLC raised its stake in Humana by 0.3% in the third quarter. ARGI Investment Services LLC now owns 5,602 shares of the insurance provider’s stock worth $991,000 after buying an additional 17 shares during the last quarter. Northwestern Mutual Investment Management Company LLC raised its stake in Humana by 0.4% in the second quarter. Northwestern Mutual Investment Management Company LLC now owns 5,684 shares of the insurance provider’s stock worth $1,022,000 after buying an additional 22 shares during the last quarter. Cleararc Capital Inc. raised its stake in Humana by 0.9% in the second quarter. Cleararc Capital Inc. now owns 3,630 shares of the insurance provider’s stock worth $653,000 after buying an additional 31 shares during the last quarter. Finally, Wetherby Asset Management Inc. raised its stake in Humana by 1.0% in the second quarter. Wetherby Asset Management Inc. now owns 3,860 shares of the insurance provider’s stock worth $694,000 after buying an additional 37 shares during the last quarter. 92.74% of the stock is owned by institutional investors and hedge funds. Shares of Humana Inc. (NYSE:HUM) traded down 0.91% during trading on Friday, hitting $205.14. 418,710 shares of the stock traded hands. The company has a 50 day moving average of $201.73 and a 200-day moving average of $187.71. Humana Inc. has a 1-year low of $150.00 and a 1-year high of $217.80. The company has a market cap of $30.59 billion, a PE ratio of 27.74 and a beta of 0.91. Humana (NYSE:HUM) last announced its quarterly earnings results on Wednesday, February 8th. The insurance provider reported $2.09 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, beating the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of $2.05 by $0.04. The firm had revenue of $12.88 billion for the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $13.55 billion. Humana had a net margin of 1.09% and a return on equity of 13.09%. The business’s revenue for the quarter was up .7% on a year-over-year basis. During the same quarter in the previous year, the firm posted $1.45 EPS. On average, equities analysts anticipate that Humana Inc. will post $10.78 EPS for the current fiscal year. TRADEMARK VIOLATION NOTICE: This article was posted by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are reading this article on another domain, it was illegally stolen and reposted in violation of U.S. and international trademark & copyright laws. The correct version of this article can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/02/10/humana-inc-hum-position-boosted-by-css-llc-il.html. A number of research analysts have commented on the stock. Piper Jaffray Companies assumed coverage on shares of Humana in a research note on Tuesday, January 3rd. They set an “overweight” rating and a $231.00 price objective on the stock. Cantor Fitzgerald assumed coverage on shares of Humana in a research note on Monday. They set a “neutral” rating and a $186.00 price objective on the stock. Jefferies Group LLC reiterated a “buy” rating and set a $206.00 price objective on shares of Humana in a research note on Monday, November 7th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. upgraded shares of Humana from a “neutral” rating to an “overweight” rating and increased their price objective for the company from $163.00 to $202.00 in a research note on Thursday, November 10th. Finally, Argus reiterated a “hold” rating on shares of Humana in a research note on Wednesday, January 18th. Eight analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and ten have issued a buy rating to the company. Humana currently has an average rating of “Buy” and an average target price of $210.40. About Humana Humana Inc is a health and well-being company. The Company’s segments include Retail, Group, Healthcare Services and Other Businesses. The Retail segment consists of Medicare benefits, marketed to individuals or directly via group accounts, as well as individual commercial fully-insured medical and specialty health insurance benefits, including dental, vision, and other supplemental health and financial protection products. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding HUM? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Humana Inc. (NYSE:HUM). Receive News & Ratings for Humana Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Humana Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News White House Announces Conway Was Counseled Warren Receives Support After GOP Formally Silences Her Report: Trump Was Not Completely Briefed on Bannon NSC Seat Justice Department Will Challenge Stop to Travel Ban President Trump Cancels Harley-Davidson Trip Due to Possible Protests © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Saturday, February 11, 2017 1:10 PM Daily Newspaper published by GPPC Doha, Qatar. Login Sign up Sign Out MENU HOME Qatar Region International Business Sport Community Opinion Media PDF Classifieds SpotLight NewsWall My News Home Qatar Region International Business Sport Community Opinion Media PDF Classifieds SpotLight NewsWall MY NEWS Please sign in now. Email: Password: Confirmation Code: Activate account Resend confirmation code Forgot your password? Don't have an account? Sign up Please Sign up Now. Activate account Resend confirmation code play pause Iron ore will plummet into $40s, says ‘very bearish’ Liberum February 10 2017 08:35 PM Business RELATED STORIES Iron ore awakens to hangover as port stockpiles surge Rio gives away giant iron ore field once worth fighting for Iron ore set to defy doom mongers again in 2017 Lawmakers plotting against Vale CEO Biggest oil traders see another year of pain as glut endures Marketplace Haitians Labourers work on a pile of iron ore at a steel factory in Tangshan, China. Iron ore will probably collapse below $50 a metric tonne in the second half as global supply exceeds demand, according to Liberum Capital, which highlighted prospects for additional output coupled with lacklustre growth in consumption and record port stockpiles in China. Text Size: A A A Bloomberg/Singapore Iron ore will probably collapse below $50 a metric tonne in the second half as global supply exceeds demand, according to Liberum Capital, which highlighted prospects for additional output coupled with lacklustre growth in consumption and record port stockpiles in China. Prices will be back in the $40s as an extra 90mn tonnes of seaborne ore will hit the market in 2017, analyst Richard Knights said in an interview. The increase comes at a time when holdings at ports in China are already at an all-time high, while steel consumption in the top user could be flat, he said. “There’s a perception that demand is better than it actually is,” Knights said by phone from London. “The market – despite that apparent pickup in demand in the fourth quarter – is in significant oversupply, as evidenced by the amount of iron ore inventory. And supply is not decelerating, it’s accelerating this year.” Iron ore took many investors by surprise in 2016 by surging more than 80% as stimulus in China supported steel output and consumption, even as low-cost mine supply expanded. Plenty of analysts have now flagged the potential for a selloff this year, with Citigroup seeing a sharp correction and top forecaster RBC Capital Markets describing prices as unsustainable. With supply set to increase, Knights said that he’s “very bearish.” “Particularly with prices where they are, there’s every incentive in the world to bring iron ore supply on,” said Knights, adding that there’s scope for the port stockpiles to expand further, before they slump. “It’s just as simple as supply exceeding demand, which obviously isn’t reflected in the price.” Ore with 62% content in Qingdao rose 0.4% to $83.84 a dry tonne on Thursday, gaining for a third day to the highest level since October 2014, according to Metal Bulletin. The commodity is up about 6% this year after advancing in January to post a fourth monthly gain. The resurgence has boosted miners, including Rio Tinto Group, which this week reported its first profit gain since 2013, BHP Billiton and Fortescue Metals Group. Brazil’s Vale has seen its stock surge 25% this year as prices gain and it jacks up output from the giant new S11D mine. The record bout of restocking in China has driven iron ore prices to “irrational” levels that are soon to correct, Gordon Johnson, an analyst at Axiom Capital Management, wrote in a note received Wednesday. Looking at days of inventory at Chinese mills and stockpiles at ports, both have never been this high, he said. “Should steel capacity in China come offline as inventory is being destocked, we feel this would push iron ore prices forcefully lower,” Johnson said. Axiom sees iron ore at $57 in 2017 and $45 next year. Not everyone is bearish. Prices may average $73 this year, according to JPMorgan Chase & Co, which sees them at $71 in the third quarter and $66 in the final three months. Last month, Singapore Exchange, which operates derivatives contracts that help to set global prices, said a survey of industry participants showed most expected rates to hold firm or gain. Inventories at China’s ports climbed to 123.5mn tonnes last week, according to Shanghai Steelhome Information Technology Co. The stockpiles are at about 75% of the ports’ holding capacity and are still growing fairly quickly, according to Knights. A further 20mn tons would bring them to about 90% of capacity, which could see a $20 to $30 drop in prices, he added. “What will happen is the price will fall and also there will be an incentive for people to start drawing on those port stocks,” Knights said. “I’d expect that traders who hold that inventory would just start cutting the price to try and get rid of it, unless we’re bailed out by very, very strong demand in the first and second quarter, which is possible, but it’s not my base case.” 0 COMMENTS There are no comments. LEAVE A COMMENT Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked* Your Comment (must be logged in)* *You must register and complete fields Please you have to log in POST COMMENT MORE NEWS Saab offers high-tech jet production hub to India READ MORE RBA lowers Australia’s short-term growth forecast READ MORE Saab offers to build modern fighter jet factory in India READ MORE Walt Disney seeking control of Euro Disney READ MORE Opec nations complying with agreed output cuts, says IEA READ MORE Europe markets shine on Trump tax cut pledge READ MORE Reckitt finalises deal to buy Mead Johnson for $16.6bn READ MORE Renault net profit jumps 19.7% to $3.77bn in 2016 READ MORE HSBC to seek wealth management asset acquisitions this year READ MORE play pause Top News Saab offers high-tech jet production hub to India 2/11/2017 1:00:33 PM Australia battles 50 fires in heat wave, sparking warning, blackout fears 2/11/2017 10:18:20 AM Tourist critically injured in Hong Kong subway arson attack 2/11/2017 8:39:00 AM Trump vows new security steps after court setback 2/11/2017 12:22:22 AM Driving test mandatory for all expats 2/11/2017 12:22:57 AM POPULAR LATEST Driving test mandatory for all expats Qatar Feb 11, 2017 Rain, strong wind forecast today Qatar Feb 11, 2017 Dutch prosecutors seek 11 years in cyberbully case International Feb 9, 2017 Light showers expected in Qatar on Friday Qatar Feb 9, 2017 Skies come alive as Al Khor Fly-In 2017 takes off Qatar Feb 10, 2017 Al Khor air show spurs aviation dreams Qatar Feb 10, 2017 Anti-government protest hits Nigerian capital International Feb 9, 2017 Driving test mandatory for all expats Qatar Feb 11, 2017 IS executes 5 Egyptians accused of aiding army Region Feb 11, 2017 Brazil police protest spreads to Rio US/Latin America Feb 11, 2017 Saab offers high-tech jet production hub to India Business Feb 11, 2017 Leaders Lekhwiya held by Rayyan in a tense 1-1 draw Sport Feb 10, 2017 Going forward by walking backwards Culture Feb 10, 2017 Compensation for dying in harness Opinion Feb 10, 2017 HAPPENING IN DOHAMore Qatar Superstock 600 Championship Round 3 23/3/2017 Motocross World Championship 24/2/2017 Aspire Splash and Dash 12/2/2017 Fitness training 12/2/2017 Muhammad Ali: Tribute to a Legend 10/2/2017 All Rights Reserved © Gulf Times.Browse GULF TIMES on any device Mobile, tablet or ipad FOLLOW US GULF TIMES SITE MAP Qatar Region International Business Sport Community Opinion Media PDF Classifieds Spotlight Newswall My News Powered By Information About Us Contact Us Careers ADVERTISE IN GULF TIMES Newspaper Website SiteMap Site Content Usage
Saturday, February 11, 2017 1:10 PM Daily Newspaper published by GPPC Doha, Qatar. Login Sign up Sign Out MENU HOME Qatar Region International Business Sport Community Opinion Media PDF Classifieds SpotLight NewsWall My News Home Qatar Region International Business Sport Community Opinion Media PDF Classifieds SpotLight NewsWall MY NEWS Please sign in now. Email: Password: Confirmation Code: Activate account Resend confirmation code Forgot your password? Don't have an account? Sign up Please Sign up Now. Activate account Resend confirmation code play pause Rio Tinto gets its ‘swagger’ back as iron rally delivers February 10 2017 08:39 PM Business RELATED STORIES Rio Tinto to sell coal assets to Chinese firm for $2.45bn Abu Issa delivers an outstanding finish at Dakar Rally 2017 Simandou payments scandal ‘very challenging’: Rio Tinto Rio gives away giant iron ore field once worth fighting for Rio CEO says Mongolia won’t receive mine dividend for 10 years A man walks through the entrance from the reception area of Rio Tinto’s head office in Melbourne. Rio Tinto is delivering on a promise to reward investors as it emerges from an industry-wide downturn by paying out a bigger-than-expected dividend and announcing a surprise $500mn share buyback. Text Size: A A A Bloomberg/London Rio Tinto Group is delivering on a promise to reward investors as it emerges from an industry-wide downturn by paying out a bigger-than-expected dividend and announcing a surprise $500mn share buyback. Last year’s 81% surge in iron ore prices helped the world’s second-biggest mining company report its first gain in annual profit since 2013, exceeding analysts’ expectations. The company is focusing on generating cash for investors, helped by recent asset sales, Chief Financial Officer Chris Lynch said in an interview from London. The shares climbed. “What a difference a year makes,” Peter O’Connor, an analyst at Shaw & Partners in Sydney, said in a note. “It’s been a long grind back from the global financial abyss that Rio slumped into. But it certainly looks and feels like the ‘old school’ Rio swagger is back.” The global mining industry is rebounding from a downturn that forced some of the top producers to sell assets, cut costs and rein in spending after years of over-investment bloated balance sheets and left markets oversupplied. Iron ore, Rio’s main profit driver, jumped last year as Chinese stimulus supported local steel output, leading to better demand for overseas ore. “The buyback is a statement of intent,” Lynch said. “We’ve said we would return cash to shareholders. We’ve done that to the top of the dividend range and we had some spare capacity. I’m quite comfortable about that.” Underlying full-year profit rose 12% to $5.1bn in 2016, London-based Rio said in a statement last week. That beat the $4.75bn average estimate of analysts compiled by Bloomberg. While the full-year dividend fell 21% to 170 cents a share, it was at the top of Rio’s payout range of 40 to 60% of earnings under a new policy introduced last year. That also exceeded the average estimate of 136 cents in the Bloomberg survey. “Under almost any situation, they’re going to generate a significant amount of cash again this year and so there’s going to be increased pressure on them to do something with that cashflow,” Richard Knights, a mining analyst at Liberum Capital in London, said by phone. “They’ve got the best balance sheet in the sector.” Rio’s net debt fell 30% to $9.6bn at the end of last year. Lynch said Wednesday the company is aiming to further cut borrowings this year. “Rio is in good shape today,” Chief Executive Officer Jean Sebastien Jacques said on a call with reporters. “We have kept our promises. We have delivered cost savings. We have strengthened the quality of our portfolio. We are investing for the long term and at the same time we have strengthened our balance sheet.” The company is in a “strong position to deliver superior shareholder returns,” he added. Rio said it will purchase $500mn of UK-listed shares throughout this year. The stock rebounded from a seven- year low to rally 60% in London in 2016. It rose 1.9% to 3,501.50 pence in London, taking this year’s gain to 11%. The shares reached an almost four- year high in late January. Prices for iron ore delivered to China are near a two-year high. The main question for Rio and competitors including BHP Billiton and Vale is whether the rally can be sustained. “The government has implemented stimulus packages for some time now and we believe they will continue, especially in the context of the leadership conference scheduled for the fourth quarter in Beijing,” Jacques told reporters. “The property and construction market is doing pretty well. As far as China is concerned, we do not have a big issue today.” Banks including JPMorgan Chase & Co, Goldman Sachs Group and Citigroup are seeking to gauge how easily new low- cost supply will be absorbed and if higher prices will prompt additional output. There are signs that Chinese customers are well stocked. Inventories at Chinese ports reached a record last week and shipments from Australia’s Port Hedland hit an all-time high for the month of January. Shortly before taking over the CEO role from Sam Walsh in July, Jacques outlined his vision to grow the company through investing in existing projects and expanding profitable operations, rather than focusing on deals. Speaking on Wednesday he said his approach to M&A was unchanged, adding that the projects they are interested in buying are not for sale. Jacques is leading the 144-year-old mining giant’s retreat from coal as part of a broader plan to slim Rio’s asset base that has resulted in $7.7bn of disposals since 2013. Last month, he agreed to sell most of the company’s thermal coal assets to a firm controlled by China’s Yanzhou Coal Mining Co for $2.45bn. The sale, which would leave Rio with just two remaining coal mines once completed, had raised expectations of bigger returns to shareholders in the future. The coal disposal could help reduce borrowings to $3.9bn by the end of 2017, Deutsche Bank has said. 0 COMMENTS There are no comments. LEAVE A COMMENT Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked* Your Comment (must be logged in)* *You must register and complete fields Please you have to log in POST COMMENT MORE NEWS Saab offers high-tech jet production hub to India READ MORE RBA lowers Australia’s short-term growth forecast READ MORE Saab offers to build modern fighter jet factory in India READ MORE Walt Disney seeking control of Euro Disney READ MORE Opec nations complying with agreed output cuts, says IEA READ MORE Europe markets shine on Trump tax cut pledge READ MORE Reckitt finalises deal to buy Mead Johnson for $16.6bn READ MORE Renault net profit jumps 19.7% to $3.77bn in 2016 READ MORE HSBC to seek wealth management asset acquisitions this year READ MORE play pause Top News Saab offers high-tech jet production hub to India 2/11/2017 1:00:33 PM Australia battles 50 fires in heat wave, sparking warning, blackout fears 2/11/2017 10:18:20 AM Tourist critically injured in Hong Kong subway arson attack 2/11/2017 8:39:00 AM Trump vows new security steps after court setback 2/11/2017 12:22:22 AM Driving test mandatory for all expats 2/11/2017 12:22:57 AM POPULAR LATEST Driving test mandatory for all expats Qatar Feb 11, 2017 Rain, strong wind forecast today Qatar Feb 11, 2017 Dutch prosecutors seek 11 years in cyberbully case International Feb 9, 2017 Light showers expected in Qatar on Friday Qatar Feb 9, 2017 Skies come alive as Al Khor Fly-In 2017 takes off Qatar Feb 10, 2017 Al Khor air show spurs aviation dreams Qatar Feb 10, 2017 Anti-government protest hits Nigerian capital International Feb 9, 2017 Driving test mandatory for all expats Qatar Feb 11, 2017 IS executes 5 Egyptians accused of aiding army Region Feb 11, 2017 Brazil police protest spreads to Rio US/Latin America Feb 11, 2017 Saab offers high-tech jet production hub to India Business Feb 11, 2017 Leaders Lekhwiya held by Rayyan in a tense 1-1 draw Sport Feb 10, 2017 Going forward by walking backwards Culture Feb 10, 2017 Compensation for dying in harness Opinion Feb 10, 2017 HAPPENING IN DOHAMore Qatar Superstock 600 Championship Round 3 23/3/2017 Motocross World Championship 24/2/2017 Aspire Splash and Dash 12/2/2017 Fitness training 12/2/2017 Muhammad Ali: Tribute to a Legend 10/2/2017 All Rights Reserved © Gulf Times.Browse GULF TIMES on any device Mobile, tablet or ipad FOLLOW US GULF TIMES SITE MAP Qatar Region International Business Sport Community Opinion Media PDF Classifieds Spotlight Newswall My News Powered By Information About Us Contact Us Careers ADVERTISE IN GULF TIMES Newspaper Website SiteMap Site Content Usage
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy   Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Zoetis Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Zoetis Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News D. E. Shaw & Co. Inc. Increases Position in IPG Photonics Corporation (IPGP) Nabors Industries Ltd. (NBR) Shares Sold by Gotham Asset Management LLC Gotham Asset Management LLC Buys New Stake in WEX Inc. (WEX) Gotham Asset Management LLC Purchases 69,332 Shares of The Finish Line, Inc. (FINL) 34,933 Shares in Avery Dennison Corporation (AVY) Acquired by Gotham Asset Management LLC Clinton Group Inc. Has $1,007,000 Stake in Commercial Metals Company (CMC) Ontario Teachers Pension Plan Board Sells 749 Shares of Camden Property Trust (CPT) Ontario Teachers Pension Plan Board Invests $509,000 in Boyd Gaming Corporation (BYD) Ontario Teachers Pension Plan Board Invests $509,000 in Boyd Gaming Corporation (BYD) UBS Group AG Sells 8,120 Shares of Cooper Companies, Inc. (The) (COO) UBS Group AG Cuts Position in ServisFirst Bancshares, Inc. (SFBS) 224,710 Shares in Tenneco Inc. (TEN) Acquired by The Manufacturers Life Insurance Company The Manufacturers Life Insurance Company Takes Position in Pinnacle Financial Partners, Inc. (PNFP) 603,635 Shares in Provident Financial Services, Inc (PFS) Acquired by The Manufacturers Life Insurance Company The Manufacturers Life Insurance Company Buys Shares of 302,522 Fastenal Company (FAST) The Manufacturers Life Insurance Company Invests $11,963,000 in Cabot Oil & Gas Corporation (COG) Zacks Investment Research Upgrades Jive Software, Inc. (JIVE) to Buy UBS Group AG Sells 35,584 Shares of RR Donnelley & Sons Co (RRD) PRA Health Sciences, Inc. (PRAH) Shares Sold by UBS Group AG PRA Health Sciences, Inc. (PRAH) Shares Sold by UBS Group AG CQS Cayman LP Has $562,000 Position in Zoetis Inc. (ZTS) February 10th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Tyrone Williams Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet CQS Cayman LP cut its stake in shares of Zoetis Inc. (NYSE:ZTS) by 94.8% during the third quarter, according to its most recent Form 13F filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission. The institutional investor owned 10,800 shares of the company’s stock after selling 195,195 shares during the period. CQS Cayman LP’s holdings in Zoetis were worth $562,000 at the end of the most recent reporting period. Several other hedge funds have also recently made changes to their positions in ZTS. Ngam Advisors L.P. increased its stake in shares of Zoetis by 88.0% in the second quarter. Ngam Advisors L.P. now owns 200,416 shares of the company’s stock valued at $9,512,000 after buying an additional 93,838 shares in the last quarter. Korea Investment CORP increased its stake in shares of Zoetis by 6.9% in the third quarter. Korea Investment CORP now owns 959,993 shares of the company’s stock valued at $49,929,000 after buying an additional 62,241 shares in the last quarter. Retirement Systems of Alabama increased its stake in shares of Zoetis by 7.6% in the third quarter. Retirement Systems of Alabama now owns 250,380 shares of the company’s stock valued at $13,022,000 after buying an additional 17,650 shares in the last quarter. Columbus Circle Investors increased its stake in shares of Zoetis by 43.9% in the second quarter. Columbus Circle Investors now owns 477,128 shares of the company’s stock valued at $22,644,000 after buying an additional 145,641 shares in the last quarter. Finally, Nationwide Fund Advisors increased its stake in shares of Zoetis by 1.3% in the third quarter. Nationwide Fund Advisors now owns 529,690 shares of the company’s stock valued at $27,549,000 after buying an additional 7,018 shares in the last quarter. Institutional investors own 93.85% of the company’s stock. Shares of Zoetis Inc. (NYSE:ZTS) traded down 0.05% during midday trading on Friday, reaching $55.93. 446,076 shares of the company’s stock traded hands. Zoetis Inc. has a one year low of $39.21 and a one year high of $56.50. The stock’s 50-day moving average price is $54.22 and its 200 day moving average price is $51.62. The firm has a market capitalization of $27.62 billion, a PE ratio of 40.32 and a beta of 1.07. The firm also recently declared a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Wednesday, March 1st. Stockholders of record on Friday, January 20th will be given a dividend of $0.105 per share. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Wednesday, January 18th. This represents a $0.42 annualized dividend and a dividend yield of 0.75%. This is a positive change from Zoetis’s previous quarterly dividend of $0.10. Zoetis’s dividend payout ratio is presently 30.44%. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY WARNING: This article was originally posted by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are viewing this article on another site, it was illegally copied and reposted in violation of U.S. & international trademark & copyright law. The correct version of this article can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/02/10/cqs-cayman-lp-has-562000-position-in-zoetis-inc-zts.html. ZTS has been the subject of several analyst reports. Zacks Investment Research downgraded shares of Zoetis from a “hold” rating to a “sell” rating in a report on Thursday, October 13th. Deutsche Bank AG initiated coverage on shares of Zoetis in a report on Tuesday, December 20th. They set a “buy” rating and a $62.00 price objective for the company. JPMorgan Chase & Co. restated a “hold” rating and set a $53.00 price objective on shares of Zoetis in a report on Thursday, November 3rd. Finally, Piper Jaffray Companies restated an “overweight” rating and set a $61.00 price objective on shares of Zoetis in a report on Thursday, December 15th. Three research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, three have assigned a hold rating, eight have given a buy rating and one has issued a strong buy rating to the company. The company presently has a consensus rating of “Hold” and a consensus price target of $57.73. In other news, insider Kristin C. Peck sold 10,092 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction dated Tuesday, November 22nd. The shares were sold at an average price of $49.55, for a total transaction of $500,058.60. Following the completion of the sale, the insider now owns 22,768 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $1,128,154.40. The transaction was disclosed in a legal filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is available through the SEC website. 0.05% of the stock is owned by corporate insiders. Zoetis Company Profile Zoetis Inc is engaged in the discovery, development, manufacture and commercialization of animal health medicines and vaccines, with a focus on both livestock and companion animals. The Company has a diversified business, marketing products across over eight core species: cattle, swine, poultry, sheep and fish (collectively, livestock), and dogs, cats and horses (collectively, companion animals), and within over five product categories: anti-infectives, vaccines, parasiticides, medicated feed additives and other pharmaceuticals. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding ZTS? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Zoetis Inc. (NYSE:ZTS). Receive News & Ratings for Zoetis Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Zoetis Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News White House Announces Conway Was Counseled Warren Receives Support After GOP Formally Silences Her Report: Trump Was Not Completely Briefed on Bannon NSC Seat Justice Department Will Challenge Stop to Travel Ban President Trump Cancels Harley-Davidson Trip Due to Possible Protests © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy   Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance ConforMIS Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for ConforMIS Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News D. E. Shaw & Co. Inc. Has $7,811,000 Position in Endurance Specialty Holdings Ltd (ENH) D. E. Shaw & Co. Inc. Purchases 50,413 Shares of Genuine Parts Company (GPC) D. E. Shaw & Co. Inc. Increases Position in IPG Photonics Corporation (IPGP) Nabors Industries Ltd. (NBR) Shares Sold by Gotham Asset Management LLC Gotham Asset Management LLC Buys New Stake in WEX Inc. (WEX) Gotham Asset Management LLC Purchases 69,332 Shares of The Finish Line, Inc. (FINL) 34,933 Shares in Avery Dennison Corporation (AVY) Acquired by Gotham Asset Management LLC Clinton Group Inc. Has $1,007,000 Stake in Commercial Metals Company (CMC) Ontario Teachers Pension Plan Board Sells 749 Shares of Camden Property Trust (CPT) Ontario Teachers Pension Plan Board Invests $509,000 in Boyd Gaming Corporation (BYD) Ontario Teachers Pension Plan Board Invests $509,000 in Boyd Gaming Corporation (BYD) UBS Group AG Sells 8,120 Shares of Cooper Companies, Inc. (The) (COO) UBS Group AG Cuts Position in ServisFirst Bancshares, Inc. (SFBS) 224,710 Shares in Tenneco Inc. (TEN) Acquired by The Manufacturers Life Insurance Company The Manufacturers Life Insurance Company Takes Position in Pinnacle Financial Partners, Inc. (PNFP) 603,635 Shares in Provident Financial Services, Inc (PFS) Acquired by The Manufacturers Life Insurance Company The Manufacturers Life Insurance Company Buys Shares of 302,522 Fastenal Company (FAST) The Manufacturers Life Insurance Company Invests $11,963,000 in Cabot Oil & Gas Corporation (COG) Zacks Investment Research Upgrades Jive Software, Inc. (JIVE) to Buy UBS Group AG Sells 35,584 Shares of RR Donnelley & Sons Co (RRD) Insider Selling: ConforMIS, Inc. (CFMS) Insider Sells $30,657.71 in Stock February 10th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Latisha Jones Filed Under: Finance - Insider Trades Tweet ConforMIS, Inc. (NASDAQ:CFMS) insider David Cerveny sold 3,569 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Friday, February 3rd. The shares were sold at an average price of $8.59, for a total value of $30,657.71. Following the completion of the sale, the insider now owns 87,501 shares in the company, valued at $751,633.59. The transaction was disclosed in a document filed with the SEC, which is available through the SEC website. Shares of ConforMIS, Inc. (NASDAQ:CFMS) traded down 0.48% during trading on Friday, reaching $8.24. 34,508 shares of the company were exchanged. ConforMIS, Inc. has a 52-week low of $4.80 and a 52-week high of $13.83. The firm’s market cap is $353.36 million. The stock’s 50-day moving average is $8.37 and its 200-day moving average is $8.56. WARNING: “Insider Selling: ConforMIS, Inc. (CFMS) Insider Sells $30,657.71 in Stock” was published by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are accessing this piece on another site, it was illegally copied and reposted in violation of United States and international copyright laws. The original version of this piece can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/02/10/insider-selling-conformis-inc-cfms-insider-sells-30657-71-in-stock.html. Several institutional investors have recently added to or reduced their stakes in the stock. Papp L Roy & Associates purchased a new position in shares of ConforMIS during the third quarter worth $106,000. Trent Capital Management Inc. NC purchased a new position in shares of ConforMIS during the fourth quarter worth $177,000. Metropolitan Life Insurance Co. NY purchased a new position in shares of ConforMIS during the second quarter worth $204,000. Bank of Montreal Can purchased a new position in shares of ConforMIS during the third quarter worth $312,000. Finally, Russell Investments Group Ltd. purchased a new position in shares of ConforMIS during the fourth quarter worth $311,000. 39.55% of the stock is owned by hedge funds and other institutional investors. Several analysts recently commented on CFMS shares. B. Riley restated a “buy” rating and issued a $13.00 target price on shares of ConforMIS in a research report on Friday, November 4th. Oppenheimer Holdings, Inc. set a $13.00 target price on ConforMIS and gave the company a “buy” rating in a research report on Monday, October 24th. Zacks Investment Research upgraded ConforMIS from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $9.50 target price on the stock in a research report on Tuesday, November 8th. Canaccord Genuity set a $12.00 target price on ConforMIS and gave the company a “buy” rating in a research report on Monday, January 23rd. Finally, JPMorgan Chase & Co. restated a “hold” rating and issued a $11.00 target price on shares of ConforMIS in a research report on Friday, November 4th. Three equities research analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and five have issued a buy rating to the company’s stock. The stock presently has an average rating of “Buy” and an average price target of $12.07. About ConforMIS ConforMIS, Inc is a medical technology company that uses its iFit Image-to-Implant technology platform to develop, manufacture and sell joint replacement implants. The Company’s products include iTotal CR, which is the cruciate-retaining, customized total knee replacement system to restore the natural shape of a patient’s knee; iTotal PS, which is the posterior cruciate ligament substituting, or posterior-stabilized, customized total knee replacement product to restore the natural shape of a patient’s knee; iDuo, which is the customized bicompartmental knee replacement system, and iUni, which is the customized unicompartmental knee replacement product for treatment of the medial or lateral compartment of the knee. Receive News & Ratings for ConforMIS Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for ConforMIS Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News White House Announces Conway Was Counseled Warren Receives Support After GOP Formally Silences Her Report: Trump Was Not Completely Briefed on Bannon NSC Seat Justice Department Will Challenge Stop to Travel Ban President Trump Cancels Harley-Davidson Trip Due to Possible Protests © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy   Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Newell Brands Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Newell Brands Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Cowen Group, Inc. (COWN) Shares Bought by D. E. Shaw & Co. Inc. La-Z-Boy Incorporated (LZB) Stake Cut by D. E. Shaw & Co. Inc. D. E. Shaw & Co. Inc. Sells 115,336 Shares of Sonus Networks, Inc. (SONS) McKesson Corporation (MCK) Position Held by Capital World Investors Capital World Investors Sells 2,100,000 Shares of Kimberly-Clark Corporation (KMB) Capital International Investors Decreases Position in Boeing Company (The) (BA) Highbridge Capital Management LLC Cuts Stake in ClubCorp Holdings, Inc. (MYCC) Extreme Networks, Inc. (EXTR) Shares Bought by Highbridge Capital Management LLC Graham Holdings Company (GHC) Position Raised by Highbridge Capital Management LLC Highbridge Capital Management LLC Takes Position in Choice Hotels International, Inc. (CHH) Fuller & Thaler Asset Management Inc. Sells 6,000 Shares of Juniper Networks, Inc. (JNPR) Fuller & Thaler Asset Management Inc. Takes Position in Performance Food Group Company (PFGC) Fuller & Thaler Asset Management Inc. Has $147,000 Stake in Southwest Gas Corporation (SWX) Fuller & Thaler Asset Management Inc. Has $145,000 Stake in Jacobs Engineering Group Inc. (JEC) MetLife, Inc. (MET) Shares Sold by Fuller & Thaler Asset Management Inc. Fuller & Thaler Asset Management Inc. Acquires 1,000 Shares of Axis Capital Holdings Limited (AXS) D. E. Shaw & Co. Inc. Has $7,811,000 Position in Endurance Specialty Holdings Ltd (ENH) D. E. Shaw & Co. Inc. Purchases 50,413 Shares of Genuine Parts Company (GPC) D. E. Shaw & Co. Inc. Increases Position in IPG Photonics Corporation (IPGP) Nabors Industries Ltd. (NBR) Shares Sold by Gotham Asset Management LLC Brokers Set Expectations for Newell Brands Inc.’s Q2 2017 Earnings (NWL) February 10th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Trevor Kearing Filed Under: Analyst Articles - Estimates - Finance Tweet Newell Brands Inc. (NYSE:NWL) – Equities research analysts at SunTrust Banks upped their Q2 2017 earnings per share estimates for Newell Brands in a note issued to investors on Monday. SunTrust Banks analyst W. Chappell now forecasts that the firm will earn $0.78 per share for the quarter, up from their previous estimate of $0.75. SunTrust Banks also issued estimates for Newell Brands’ Q3 2017 earnings at $1.00 EPS, FY2017 earnings at $3.05 EPS, Q1 2018 earnings at $0.41 EPS and FY2018 earnings at $3.44 EPS. A number of other research analysts have also commented on NWL. B. Riley reissued a “buy” rating and set a $67.00 price target on shares of Newell Brands in a report on Tuesday. Wells Fargo & Company reissued an “outperform” rating on shares of Newell Brands in a report on Thursday, December 1st. Forward View reaffirmed a “buy” rating and set a $52.00 target price on shares of Newell Brands in a report on Sunday, January 8th. KeyCorp lowered their target price on Newell Brands from $60.00 to $57.00 and set an “overweight” rating on the stock in a report on Tuesday. Finally, RBC Capital Markets reaffirmed a “buy” rating on shares of Newell Brands in a report on Tuesday. Three equities research analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating, thirteen have issued a buy rating and two have issued a strong buy rating to the company. The stock presently has a consensus rating of “Buy” and an average target price of $56.87. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION NOTICE: “Brokers Set Expectations for Newell Brands Inc.’s Q2 2017 Earnings (NWL)” was first published by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are accessing this story on another website, it was illegally stolen and reposted in violation of U.S. and international copyright & trademark legislation. The legal version of this story can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/02/10/brokers-set-expectations-for-newell-brands-inc-s-q2-2017-earnings-nwl.html. Newell Brands (NYSE:NWL) opened at 46.2772 on Thursday. The firm has a 50-day moving average of $46.36 and a 200-day moving average of $49.55. The stock has a market capitalization of $22.40 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 37.0811 and a beta of 0.94. Newell Brands has a 12-month low of $33.42 and a 12-month high of $55.45. Newell Brands (NYSE:NWL) last released its earnings results on Monday, February 6th. The company reported $0.80 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, meeting the Zacks’ consensus estimate of $0.80. The company had revenue of $4.14 billion for the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $4.27 billion. Newell Brands had a net margin of 3.98% and a return on equity of 13.59%. The firm’s quarterly revenue was up 165.0% on a year-over-year basis. During the same period in the prior year, the firm earned $0.56 EPS. The company also recently declared a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Wednesday, March 15th. Stockholders of record on Tuesday, February 28th will be issued a dividend of $0.19 per share. This represents a $0.76 annualized dividend and a dividend yield of 1.64%. Newell Brands’s dividend payout ratio is 64.96%. In other news, Director Raymond G. Viault sold 5,353 shares of Newell Brands stock in a transaction dated Tuesday, February 7th. The stock was sold at an average price of $45.62, for a total transaction of $244,203.86. Following the completion of the sale, the director now directly owns 85,206 shares in the company, valued at approximately $3,887,097.72. The sale was disclosed in a filing with the SEC, which can be accessed through this link. Also, President Mark Tarchetti purchased 13,000 shares of Newell Brands stock in a transaction dated Tuesday, February 7th. The shares were purchased at an average price of $45.22 per share, with a total value of $587,860.00. Following the completion of the acquisition, the president now owns 201,995 shares in the company, valued at $9,134,213.90. The disclosure for this purchase can be found here. 0.66% of the stock is owned by insiders. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION NOTICE: “Brokers Set Expectations for Newell Brands Inc.’s Q2 2017 Earnings (NWL)” was first published by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are accessing this story on another website, it was illegally stolen and reposted in violation of U.S. and international copyright & trademark legislation. The legal version of this story can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/02/10/brokers-set-expectations-for-newell-brands-inc-s-q2-2017-earnings-nwl.html. Hedge funds and other institutional investors have recently modified their holdings of the stock. State Street Corp increased its position in shares of Newell Brands by 5.1% in the fourth quarter. State Street Corp now owns 22,868,748 shares of the company’s stock worth $1,021,092,000 after buying an additional 1,116,005 shares during the last quarter. Capital International Investors increased its position in shares of Newell Brands by 1.7% in the second quarter. Capital International Investors now owns 18,225,502 shares of the company’s stock worth $885,213,000 after buying an additional 307,407 shares during the last quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. increased its position in shares of Newell Brands by 32.0% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 13,288,502 shares of the company’s stock worth $700,222,000 after buying an additional 3,225,216 shares during the last quarter. BlackRock Institutional Trust Company N.A. increased its position in shares of Newell Brands by 6.9% in the third quarter. BlackRock Institutional Trust Company N.A. now owns 12,258,738 shares of the company’s stock worth $645,545,000 after buying an additional 786,183 shares during the last quarter. Finally, BlackRock Fund Advisors increased its position in shares of Newell Brands by 9.6% in the third quarter. BlackRock Fund Advisors now owns 7,842,320 shares of the company’s stock worth $412,977,000 after buying an additional 689,916 shares during the last quarter. 93.27% of the stock is currently owned by institutional investors and hedge funds. About Newell Brands Newell Brands Inc, formerly Newell Rubbermaid Inc, is a global consumer goods company. The Company’s brands consists of Paper Mate, Sharpie, Dymo, EXPO, Parker, Elmer’s, Coleman, Jostens, Marmot, Rawlings, Irwin, Lenox, Oster, Sunbeam, FoodSaver, Mr. Coffee, Rubbermaid Commercial Products, Graco, Baby Jogger, NUK, Calphalon, Rubbermaid, Contigo, First Alert, Waddington and Yankee Candle. Receive News & Ratings for Newell Brands Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Newell Brands Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News White House Announces Conway Was Counseled Warren Receives Support After GOP Formally Silences Her Report: Trump Was Not Completely Briefed on Bannon NSC Seat Justice Department Will Challenge Stop to Travel Ban President Trump Cancels Harley-Davidson Trip Due to Possible Protests © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Skip to main content The Straits Times Business Toggle navigation Home Singapore Politics Asia World Videos Multimedia Photos Graphics Lifestyle Food Forum Letters in Print Letters on the Web Readers' Post Opinion ST Editorial Cartoons Business Companies & Markets Economy Banking Property Invest Sport Football Tennis Formula One Basketball Golf Schools Tech Smartphones Tablets PCs Cameras Audio Wearables Games & Apps More Multimedia Forum Opinion Business Sport Tech SPH Websites SITES AsiaOne Berita Harian Hardwarezone herworldPLUS Lianhe Wanbao My Paper Omy razor SGCarMart ShareInvestor SRX Property STCars STClassifieds STJobs STProperty STOMP tabla Tamil Murasu The Business Times The New Paper ZaoBao Print Edition ePaper Wall Street hits record high on Trump tax talk PublishedFeb 10, 2017, 11:07 pm SGT More Share Tweet Linkedin Pin Google+ Reddit Print Permalink: http://str.sg/4sj7 Copy NEW YORK (REUTERS) - US stocks hit record highs shortly after the open on Friday, a day after President Donald Trump said he would release a major tax reform plan in the coming weeks. Mr Trump's promise of a "phenomenal" tax plan helped reignite a post-election rally, which had stalled in recent weeks on concerns over his protectionist stand and the lack of clarity on his policies. The biggest theme for investors is that Mr Trump's tax plan will move quickly and he has always maintained that it is going to be very aggressive, said Uriel Cohen, founder of Alpine Global in New York. "No one wants to miss a large pop when that news does come out." Jeb Hensarling, the Republican chairman of a key House of Representatives committee, laid out his plan to roll back Wall Street and consumer protection rules, which were put in place after the 2008 financial crisis, according to a staff memo seen by Reuters on Thursday. Banks, including Morgan Stanley, Bank of America and JPMorgan, were slightly higher. The S&P 500 financial index rose 0.31 per cent, giving the broader index its biggest boost. Goldman Sachs rose 0.78 per cent and was the top stock on the Dow. The dollar index was up 0.3 per cent to a three-week high of 101.01. Gold was down 0.3 per cent. Oil prices rose 1.5 per cent after news that OPEC members'initial compliance with last year's production cut deal reached a record high. At 9:38 a.m. ET (10:38 p.m Singapore time) the Dow Jones Industrial Average was up 55.34 points, or 0.27 per cent, at 20,227.74. The S&P 500 was up 4.65 points, or 0.20 per cent, at 2,312.52 and the Nasdaq Composite was up 10.07 points, or 0.18 per cent, at 5,725.25. Eight of the 11 major S&P 500 sectors were higher, with energy's 1 percent rise leading the gainers. Topics:  STOCK MARKET US ECONOMY More Share Tweet Linkedin Pin Google+ Reddit Print Permalink: http://str.sg/4sj7 Copy BrandInsider Sponsored Content imda_a1-25298_2017feb06_300x200_st_native_ad.jpg Online Grocer Grows Personal Data Protection Along With Business braintree_a123964_2016oct10_300x200_stros.jpg Rule the Roost – Ecomm tips to keep the holiday season going st_native_300x200.jpg Meet Audi's A Team at Singapore Motorshow arrival-300x200.jpg Arrival: Finally, an alien movie we can believe in Shopping Need a place to showcase your products or talent? Join Live10! Win an iPhone 7 when you shop on Qoo10 with Citibank Card! BAGS with LOVE! Valentine's Day GIFT For Your Loved Ones! 4 Bottles of DYNAMO @ $29.90! Our Household Superhero! More Deals on Qoo10 Subscribe to The Straits Times call 6388-3838 or click here Available for iPhones and iPads Available in Google Play Back to the top Singapore Politics Asia World Videos Multimedia Lifestyle Food Forum Opinion Business Sport Tech Follow ST The Straits Times SPH Digital News / Copyright © 2017 Singapore Press Holdings Ltd. Co. Regn. No. 198402868E. All rights reserved | Terms & Conditions | Data Protection Policy | Advertise with us We have been experiencing some problems with subscriber log-ins and apologise for the inconvenience caused. Until we resolve the issues, subscribers need not log in to access ST Digital articles. But a log-in is still required for our PDFs. Close
Jump to main navigationJump to main content News Search News by eluta.ca Search Jobs at eluta.ca Jobs Login Register 18  Toronto Subscribe Help AdChoices Home News Opinion Business Investing Sports Life Arts Tech Drive Real Estate Portfolio Watchlist Markets Inside the Market Funds & ETFs Investment Ideas Personal Finance Retirement Market Updates Home» Globe Investor» Inside the Market» Market Updates Bay Street signs are seen in the heart of the financial district in Toronto, Aug. 17, 2009.. (© Mark Blinch / Reuters) Bay Street signs are seen in the heart of the financial district in Toronto, Aug. 17, 2009.. (© Mark Blinch / Reuters) At the open: TSX trades at record high Add to ... Reuters Published Friday, Feb. 10, 2017 9:44AM EST Last updated Friday, Feb. 10, 2017 9:47AM EST Comments Share via email Share on facebook Share on twitter Share on LinkedIn Print Canada’s main stock index rose on Friday to an all-time high as higher oil prices supported energy shares, while a surge in domestic jobs suggested the economy was finding its footing. The Toronto Stock Exchange’s S&P/TSX composite index was up 71.96 points, or 0.46 per cent, at 15,689.26, shortly after the open. It breached its record peak of 15,685.13 from September 2014. On Thursday, the index ended up 63.26 points, or 0.41 per cent, at 15,617.30, its highest close since Jan. 25. Canadian job growth unexpectedly surged in January as hiring in the service sector helped the labor market build on its momentum from the latter part of 2016, suggesting the economy was finding its footing. Canada added 48,300 jobs last month, Statistics Canada said on Friday, exceeding economists’ expectations for employment growth to be unchanged. Full-time positions increased by 15,800. Although that was outpaced by a 32,400 increase in part-time work, economists were encouraged by the decline in the unemployment rate to 6.8 per cent, even as the participation rate edged up. Canada saw strong jobs growth in the second half of 2016. While much of that came from part-time work, suggesting a deterioration in job quality, economists expect full-time work to be stronger this year. Indeed, the number of full-time jobs has increased by 141,000 since last August, Statistics Canada said. “We’ve had a very good run here from employment and I think it’s sending a pretty convincing signal that the economy is starting to improve,” said Doug Porter, chief economist at BMO Capital Markets. The Canadian dollar strengthened against the greenback immediately following the release. Wall Street’s main indexes hit record highs shortly after the open on Friday, a day after President Donald Trump said he would release a tax reform plan in the coming weeks. The Dow Jones industrial average was up 36.59 points, or 0.18 per cent, at 20,208.99, the S&P 500 was up 3.63 points, or 0.157288 per cent, at 2,311.5 and the Nasdaq composite was up 10.18 points, or 0.18 per cent, at 5,725.36. Mr.Trump called his tax plan as “phenomenal,” but offered no details other than citing the need to lower tax burden on businesses. The news helped reignite a post-election rally, which had stalled in recent weeks on concerns over Mr. Trump’s protectionist stance and the lack of clarity on his policies. Mr. Trump’s hint that the tax plan will move quickly is the biggest theme for investors, and he has always maintained that it is going to be very aggressive, said Uriel Cohen, founder of Alpine Global in New York. “No one wants to miss a large pop when that news does come out.” Jeb Hensarling, the Republican chairman of a key House of Representatives committee, laid out his plan to roll back Wall Street and consumer protection rules, which were put in place after the 2008 financial crisis, according to a staff memo seen by Reuters on Thursday. Banks, including Morgan Stanley, Bank of America and JPMorgan, were slightly higher in early trading on Friday. The dollar index rose 0.23 per cent to a near three-week high of 100.89. Gold was down 0.2 per cent after hitting a three-month high on Thursday. Oil prices rose about $1 on Friday after reports that OPEC members delivered more than 90 percent of the output cuts they pledged in a landmark deal that came into force in January. Supply from the 11 OPEC members with production targets under the deal fell to 29.921 million barrels per day, according to the average assessments of the six secondary sources OPEC uses to monitor output, or a 92 percent compliance. The International Energy Agency (IEA) - one of OPEC’s six sources - said the cuts in January equated to 90 percent of the agreed reductions in output, far higher than the initial 60 percent compliance with a 2009 OPEC deal. “Some producers, notably Saudi Arabia, (are) appearing to cut by more than required,” the agency said in a report. Global benchmark Brent crude was up $1.09 at $56.72 a barrel. It touched a session high of $56.73 a barrel earlier in the session. U.S. West Texas Intermediate (WTI) crude futures traded up 92 cents at $53.92 a barrel. The IEA, which advises industrial nations on energy policy, said if current compliance levels are maintained, the global oil stocks overhang that has weighed on prices should fall by about 600,000 barrels per day (bpd) in the next six months. The agency also raised global oil demand growth expectations for 2017 to 1.4 million bpd, up 100,000 bpd from its previous estimate. Nevertheless, producers will likely have to extend the production cuts beyond six months if they want to achieve their goal of balancing the oil market. Weekly U.S. rig count data will be published later on Friday by Baker Hughes, indicating whether drillers are continuing to ramp up activity. Bjarne Schieldrop, chief commodities analyst at SEB, said he expected 198 new U.S. oil rigs to come into action in 2017, with 51 added already this year. “We calculate that one extra rig added today will lead to a stream of new wells which cumulatively will produce 5.3 million barrels to the end of 2019,” he said. Report Typo/Error   CL-FTCrude Oil Front Month Futures Latest Price$53.85 +0.85 (+1.60%) GC-FTGold Front Month Futures Latest Price$1,233.30 -1.80 (-0.15%) TSXS&P/TSX Composite Latest Price15,729.12 +111.82 (+0.72%) DJIADow Jones Industrials Latest Price20,269.37 +96.97 (+0.48%) SPXS&P 500 INDEX Latest Price2,316.10 +8.23 (+0.36%) COMPNASDAQ NMS COMPOSITE INDEX Latest Price5,734.13 +18.95 (+0.33%) Updated February 9 7:00 PM CDT. Delayed by at least 15 minutes. More Related to this Story TOP LINKS Investors will be less happy with ETF returns in 2017 Friday’s analyst upgrades and downgrades Friday’s TSX breakouts: A stock with a 7.4% yield that has broken out to the upside Topics House of Representatives Donald Trump Morgan Stanley Organisation of the Petroleum Exporting Countries International Energy Agency (IEA) Comments Share via email Share on facebook Share on twitter Share on LinkedIn Print Next story | Learn More Discover content from The Globe and Mail that you might otherwise not have come across. Here we’ll provide you with fresh suggestions where we will continue to make even better ones as we get to know you better. You can let us know if a suggestion is not to your liking by hitting the ‘’ close button to the right of the headline. {{article_sprite}} {{title}} {{published_at}} Trending {{title}} Most popular videos » News Trump offers to 'destroy career' of Texas lawmaker Report on Business This is the Bombardier aircraft that Ottawa just backed with an interest-free loan Report on Business This tiny Toronto house sold for $370,000 over asking Globe Drive BMW M cars not plush, powerful or special enough? You want Alpina News New Zealand races to save hundreds of beached whales News Winter storm blows into Halifax News Trudeau says Trump meeting will focus on 'shared approach' Life Dresses made of candy at Brussels chocolate fair Video Watch as newborn tiger cubs make debut at Cincinnati Zoo Life Elephants in northern India get jumbo jumpers to stay warm Report on Business Am I paying my investment adviser too much? Life No more 'Mr Tough Guy': Endurance race run for last time after thirty years ◀ ● ● ● ▶ Highlights Globe Investor Workers in the ‘gig’ economy face challenges in saving for retirement Report on Business Marijuana industry searches for large spaces to grow crops More from The Globe and Mail Globe Investor Sweet for seniors – rental properties with central locations and perks Arts Author Bharati Mukherjee wrote of immigrant lives Most popular How long can Calgary’s housing market hang on? Feb. 11: Your daily horoscope Has Premier Christy Clark had her enough’s enough scandal? Jailing Will Baker for being sick would be another act of cruelty Trump administration: Is it tragedy or is it farce? X connect with us Products The Globe and Mail Newspaper Newspaper delivered to your doorstep. Subscribe to the newspaper Globe Unlimited Digital all access pass across devices. Subscribe to Globe Unlimited Globe2Go The digital replica of our newspaper. Subscribe to Globe2Go Globe Email Newsletters Get top Globe stories sent to your inbox. Subscribe to email newsletters Globe eBooks A collection of articles by the Globe. View the library Advertise with us GlobeLink.ca Your number one partner for reaching Canada's Influential Achievers. Or go directly to: Newspaper Magazine Digital Globe Alliance: extend your reach Globe Edge: custom content Classifieds The Globe at your Workplace Globe Corporate Sales Globe Unlimited digital edition and Globe2Go e-paper group discounts available. Learn more Corporate financial data and content licensing for your organization. Learn more Or go directly to: Report On Business Top 1000 DataStore essential business intelligence Our Company About us Work at The Globe Staff The Globe and Mail Centre Secure Services Secure Drop Staff PGP Directory Customer Service Contact Us Customer Preference Center FAQs Customer Care website Digital subscription services Print subscription services Change your delivery address Vacation Stops Mobile Apps News NEWS APP Available for download on the following devices iPhone iPad Android Blackberry Other Sections Appointments Art Store Births & Announcements Corrections Classifieds Classroom Edition Deaths Newspaper Ads Real Estate Special Reports Site Map Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Disclaimer Accessibility Policy Community Guidelines Globe sustainability Editorial Code of Conduct Restrictions © Thomson Reuters 2012. All rights reserved. Republication or redistribution of Thomson Reuters content, including by framing or similar means, is prohibited without the prior written consent of Thomson Reuters. Thomson Reuters is not liable for any errors or delays in Thomson Reuters content, or for any actions taken in reliance on such content. ‘Thomson Reuters’ and the Thomson Reuters logo are trademarks of Thomson Reuters and its affiliated companies. Globe Investor is part of The Globe and Mail's Report on Business Selected data supplied by Thomson Reuters.© Thomson Reuters Limited. Click for Restrictions . Copyright 2017 The Globe and Mail Inc. All Rights Reserved. 351 King Street East, Suite 1600,  Toronto,  ON  Canada  M5A 0N1 Phillip Crawley, Publisher Add to Watchlist Add to Watchlist We've run into a glitch. Please try again later. We've run into a glitch. Please try again later.
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy   Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance United Dominion Realty Trust Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for United Dominion Realty Trust Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News AMP Capital Investors Ltd Maintains Stake in American Equity Investment Life Holding Company (AEL) AMP Capital Investors Ltd Sells 2,400 Shares of EnLink Midstream, LLC (ENLC) Visteon Corporation (VC) Position Held by AMP Capital Investors Ltd DexCom, Inc. (DXCM) Position Raised by Zurcher Kantonalbank Zurich Cantonalbank Zurcher Kantonalbank Zurich Cantonalbank Has $235,000 Position in Retail Properties of America, Inc. (RPAI) Align Technology, Inc. (ALGN) Position Boosted by Zurcher Kantonalbank Zurich Cantonalbank Hsbc Holdings PLC Sells 4,887 Shares of EPR Properties (EPR) Investec Asset Management North America Inc. Sells 110,751 Shares of Ambev S.A. (ABEV) Cosan Limited (CZZ) Stake Cut by Investec Asset Management North America Inc. NetEase, Inc. (NTES) Position Held by Investec Asset Management North America Inc. Investec Asset Management North America Inc. Has $7,958,000 Position in Mednax, Inc (MD) Investec Asset Management North America Inc. Raises Stake in Enersis Americas S.A. (ENIA) TCW Group Inc. Purchases 236,111 Shares of Jones Lang LaSalle Incorporated (JLL) TCW Group Inc. Decreases Stake in Seagate Technology PLC (STX) athenahealth, Inc. (ATHN) Shares Sold by TCW Group Inc. TCW Group Inc. Buys 129,166 Shares of EnPro Industries (NPO) Blockhouse Capital Management LP Acquires Shares of 35,000 T-Mobile US, Inc. (TMUS) Baird Financial Group Inc. Has $40,518,000 Stake in Veeva Systems Inc. (VEEV) Baird Financial Group Inc. Has $25,816,000 Stake in Washington Federal, Inc. (WAFD) All Stars Investment Ltd Continues to Hold Stake in New Oriental Education & Technology Group, Inc. (EDU) Teachers Insurance & Annuity Association of America Has $10,175,000 Stake in United Dominion Realty Trust, Inc. (UDR) February 10th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Stacy Sanders Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Teachers Insurance & Annuity Association of America cut its stake in United Dominion Realty Trust, Inc. (NYSE:UDR) by 1.0% during the third quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The institutional investor owned 282,721 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock after selling 2,879 shares during the period. Teachers Insurance & Annuity Association of America’s holdings in United Dominion Realty Trust were worth $10,175,000 as of its most recent filing with the SEC. Other institutional investors also recently modified their holdings of the company. Victory Capital Management Inc. raised its stake in United Dominion Realty Trust by 49.5% in the third quarter. Victory Capital Management Inc. now owns 5,099 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock worth $184,000 after buying an additional 1,689 shares during the period. US Bancorp DE raised its stake in United Dominion Realty Trust by 26.2% in the third quarter. US Bancorp DE now owns 5,648 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock worth $204,000 after buying an additional 1,173 shares during the period. Conning Inc. raised its stake in United Dominion Realty Trust by 8.2% in the third quarter. Conning Inc. now owns 6,060 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock worth $218,000 after buying an additional 460 shares during the period. Tower Research Capital LLC TRC increased its stake in shares of United Dominion Realty Trust by 638.3% in the third quarter. Tower Research Capital LLC TRC now owns 6,785 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock worth $244,000 after buying an additional 5,866 shares in the last quarter. Finally, Mn Services Vermogensbeheer B.V. increased its stake in shares of United Dominion Realty Trust by 2.8% in the third quarter. Mn Services Vermogensbeheer B.V. now owns 6,847 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock worth $246,000 after buying an additional 188 shares in the last quarter. United Dominion Realty Trust, Inc. (NYSE:UDR) opened at 35.40 on Friday. United Dominion Realty Trust, Inc. has a 12 month low of $32.79 and a 12 month high of $38.61. The firm’s 50-day moving average is $35.57 and its 200 day moving average is $35.22. The stock has a market capitalization of $9.46 billion, a P/E ratio of 32.78 and a beta of 0.34. United Dominion Realty Trust (NYSE:UDR) last posted its earnings results on Monday, January 30th. The real estate investment trust reported $0.46 EPS for the quarter, topping analysts’ consensus estimates of $0.10 by $0.36. United Dominion Realty Trust had a net margin of 30.52% and a return on equity of 9.96%. The business had revenue of $243.10 million for the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $242.05 million. During the same period in the previous year, the company posted $0.62 earnings per share. The business’s revenue for the quarter was up 2.3% compared to the same quarter last year. On average, equities analysts anticipate that United Dominion Realty Trust, Inc. will post $0.18 earnings per share for the current year. The company also recently announced a quarterly dividend, which was paid on Tuesday, January 31st. Stockholders of record on Tuesday, January 10th were given a dividend of $0.295 per share. The ex-dividend date of this dividend was Friday, January 6th. This represents a $1.18 dividend on an annualized basis and a dividend yield of 3.33%. United Dominion Realty Trust’s payout ratio is currently 109.26%. WARNING: “Teachers Insurance & Annuity Association of America Has $10,175,000 Stake in United Dominion Realty Trust, Inc. (UDR)” was posted by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are accessing this article on another domain, it was stolen and republished in violation of U.S. & international copyright & trademark law. The correct version of this article can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/02/10/teachers-insurance-annuity-association-of-america-has-10175000-stake-in-united-dominion-realty-trust-inc-udr.html. A number of brokerages have commented on UDR. Mizuho reissued a “buy” rating on shares of United Dominion Realty Trust in a research report on Friday, December 23rd. Morgan Stanley downgraded shares of United Dominion Realty Trust from an “equal weight” rating to an “underweight” rating in a research report on Monday, December 12th. Barclays PLC dropped their price objective on shares of United Dominion Realty Trust from $37.00 to $35.00 and set an “equal weight” rating on the stock in a research report on Monday, January 23rd. SunTrust Banks, Inc. raised shares of United Dominion Realty Trust from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $40.00 price objective on the stock in a research report on Thursday, January 19th. Finally, JPMorgan Chase & Co. reissued a “buy” rating and issued a $40.00 price objective on shares of United Dominion Realty Trust in a research report on Wednesday, November 16th. Three analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, five have issued a hold rating and five have assigned a buy rating to the stock. The stock has a consensus rating of “Hold” and an average price target of $38.20. In other news, SVP Harry G. Alcock sold 7,082 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction on Wednesday, December 21st. The shares were sold at an average price of $36.00, for a total transaction of $254,952.00. Following the transaction, the senior vice president now directly owns 113,063 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $4,070,268. The transaction was disclosed in a filing with the SEC, which is available at the SEC website. Also, insider Warren L. Troupe sold 15,000 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction on Tuesday, January 3rd. The stock was sold at an average price of $36.15, for a total transaction of $542,250.00. Following the transaction, the insider now directly owns 538,422 shares in the company, valued at $19,463,955.30. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Insiders own 2.79% of the company’s stock. United Dominion Realty Trust Company Profile UDR, Inc is a real estate investment trust. The Company owns, operates, acquires, renovates, develops, redevelops and manages multifamily apartment communities generally located in various markets across the United States. The Company operates through two segments: Same-Store Communities and Non-Mature Communities/Other. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding UDR? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for United Dominion Realty Trust, Inc. (NYSE:UDR). Receive News & Ratings for United Dominion Realty Trust Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for United Dominion Realty Trust Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News White House Announces Conway Was Counseled Warren Receives Support After GOP Formally Silences Her Report: Trump Was Not Completely Briefed on Bannon NSC Seat Justice Department Will Challenge Stop to Travel Ban President Trump Cancels Harley-Davidson Trip Due to Possible Protests © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact US Privacy Policy Staff Daily Email Updates Headlines Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Investing Inogen Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Inogen Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Recent Posts OraSure Technologies, Inc. (OSUR) Lifted to Strong-Buy at Zacks Investment Research Zacks Investment Research Lowers Orion Energy Systems, Inc. (OESX) to Hold Tenneco Inc. (TEN) to Post Q1 2017 Earnings of $1.38 Per Share, Northcoast Research Forecasts Barrington Research Comments on Snap-On Incorporated’s Q1 2017 Earnings (SNA) Equities Analysts Offer Predictions for Sanderson Farms, Inc.’s Q1 2017 Earnings (SAFM) UK Commercial Property Trust Limited Plans Dividend of GBX 0.92 (UKCM) Zacks: ICU Medical, Inc. (ICUI) Given Average Rating of “Buy” by Analysts News Corporation (NWSA) Receives $16.00 Consensus Price Target from Brokerages Generac Holdlings Inc. (GNRC) Receives $40.50 Consensus Price Target from Analysts Financial Engines, Inc. (FNGN) EVP Christopher L. Jones Sells 6,667 Shares Eaton Vance Tax-Advantaged Global Divide (ETO) To Go Ex-Dividend on February 16th Eaton Vance Tax-Managed Global Dive Eq (EXG) To Go Ex-Dividend on February 16th Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd. (RCL) Receives $95.82 Average Target Price from Analysts Q1 2017 Earnings Forecast for Corrections Corp. of America Issued By SunTrust Banks (CXW) Michael Rapino Sells 210,000 Shares of Live Nation Entertainment, Inc. (LYV) Stock Model N, Inc. (MODN) Raised to Buy at Zacks Investment Research Masco Corporation Forecasted to Earn Q1 2017 Earnings of $0.36 Per Share (MAS) Equities Analysts Issue Forecasts for Kilroy Realty Corporation’s Q1 2017 Earnings (KRC) Q1 2017 EPS Estimates for Humana Inc. (HUM) Decreased by Analyst Ring Energy (REI) Receives $15.90 Average Price Target from Analysts Zacks Investment Research Lowers Inogen, Inc (INGN) to Hold Posted by Jacob Kohn on Feb 10th, 2017 // No Comments Tweet Zacks Investment Research downgraded shares of Inogen, Inc (NASDAQ:INGN) from a strong-buy rating to a hold rating in a research note issued to investors on Monday morning. According to Zacks, “Inogen's unique direct-to-customer business model, innovative product line and growing patient base are the key catalysts in our view. New products like the Inogen One G4 and the upgraded Inogen One G3 are expected to drive growth further. Moreover, the growing adoption of portable oxygen containers (POCs) among traditional home medical equipment (HME) providers will significantly boost unit sales volume going ahead. However total revenue for full year 2016 is expected to be hurt by competitive bidding rate reductions. Additionally, rental revenue headwinds remain a concern, thanks to private insurance rate reductions, higher provisions for rental revenue adjustments, and lower net patient additions.” Separately, Needham & Company LLC increased their price objective on Inogen from $66.00 to $78.00 and gave the company a strong-buy rating in a research note on Thursday, January 19th. Three equities research analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating, two have assigned a buy rating and one has given a strong buy rating to the company. The stock presently has an average rating of Buy and an average target price of $60.83. Shares of Inogen (NASDAQ:INGN) opened at 67.58 on Monday. The stock has a market capitalization of $1.37 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 95.18 and a beta of 1.07. Inogen has a 52 week low of $29.72 and a 52 week high of $69.36. The stock’s 50 day moving average is $65.52 and its 200-day moving average is $60.74. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY NOTICE: This story was posted by Web Breaking News and is owned by of Web Breaking News. If you are accessing this story on another publication, it was stolen and republished in violation of United States & international copyright & trademark laws. The correct version of this story can be read at http://www.webbreakingnews.com/2017/02/10/zacks-investment-research-lowers-inogen-inc-ingn-to-hold.html. In other Inogen news, insider Scott Wilkinson sold 26,706 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction on Thursday, December 1st. The stock was sold at an average price of $61.64, for a total value of $1,646,157.84. Following the completion of the sale, the insider now directly owns 66,050 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $4,071,322. The sale was disclosed in a filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which can be accessed through this hyperlink. Also, EVP Matt Scribner sold 2,500 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction on Monday, November 14th. The stock was sold at an average price of $63.80, for a total value of $159,500.00. Following the completion of the sale, the executive vice president now directly owns 4,833 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $308,345.40. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Insiders sold a total of 84,814 shares of company stock valued at $5,440,131 over the last ninety days. Corporate insiders own 5.18% of the company’s stock. Several institutional investors have recently added to or reduced their stakes in the company. Brown Capital Management LLC boosted its position in Inogen by 15.7% in the fourth quarter. Brown Capital Management LLC now owns 1,417,248 shares of the medical technology company’s stock worth $95,197,000 after buying an additional 192,784 shares in the last quarter. BlackRock Fund Advisors boosted its position in Inogen by 11.5% in the third quarter. BlackRock Fund Advisors now owns 1,179,565 shares of the medical technology company’s stock worth $70,656,000 after buying an additional 121,397 shares in the last quarter. Dimensional Fund Advisors LP boosted its position in Inogen by 1.5% in the fourth quarter. Dimensional Fund Advisors LP now owns 498,616 shares of the medical technology company’s stock worth $33,492,000 after buying an additional 7,446 shares in the last quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. boosted its position in Inogen by 3.6% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 443,200 shares of the medical technology company’s stock worth $26,548,000 after buying an additional 15,425 shares in the last quarter. Finally, Peregrine Capital Management LLC acquired a new position in Inogen during the third quarter worth $24,965,000. About Inogen Inogen, Inc is a medical technology company. The Company is engaged in developing, manufacturing and marketing portable oxygen concentrators used to deliver supplemental long-term oxygen therapy to patients suffering from chronic respiratory conditions. The Company’s Inogen One systems concentrate the air around the patient to offer a single source of supplemental oxygen anytime, anywhere with a portable device weighing approximately 4.8 or seven pounds. Get a free copy of the Zacks research report on Inogen (INGN) For more information about research offerings from Zacks Investment Research, visit Zacks.com Receive News & Ratings for Inogen Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Inogen Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter. « Previous Kratos Defense & Security Solutions’ (KTOS) “Buy” Rating Reiterated at Canaccord Genuity Next » RPX Corporation (RPXC) Downgraded by Cowen and Company to “Market Perform” Latest News Nike Suspends Relationship with Maria Sharapova Rob Bironas Ex-Titans Kicker Dies in Car Crash Ron Washington Leaves Texas Rangers Due to an Affair Jonathan Dwyer Falls in Line with Other Banned NFL Players Tony Stewart Case Going to the Grand Jury Oscar Pistorius “Blade Runner” Found Not Guilty of Murder Leave a Reply Click here to cancel reply. Name (Required) Mail (will not be published) (Required) Website   Home Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Headlines Investing © 2006-2017 Web Breaking News.
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad US STOCKS-Wall St set to open higher after Trump tax cut talk By Reuters Published: 08:59 EST, 10 February 2017 | Updated: 08:59 EST, 10 February 2017 e-mail By Yashaswini Swamynathan Feb 10 (Reuters) - Wall Street looked set to open slightly higher on Friday, a day after its major indexes hit record highs on President Donald Trump's promise to unveil a tax reform plan in the coming weeks. Trump called his tax plan as "phenomenal", but offered no details other than citing the need to lower tax burden on businesses. The news helped reignite a post-election rally, which had stalled in recent weeks on concerns over Trump's protectionist stance and the lack of clarity on his policies. Trump's hint that the tax plan will move quickly is the biggest theme for investors, and he has always maintained that it is going to be very aggressive, said Uriel Cohen, founder of Alpine Global in New York. "No one wants to miss a large pop when that news does come out." Jeb Hensarling, the Republican chairman of a key House of Representatives committee, laid out his plan to roll back Wall Street and consumer protection rules, which were put in place after the 2008 financial crisis, according to a staff memo seen by Reuters on Thursday. Banks, including Morgan Stanley, Bank of America and JPMorgan, were slightly higher in premarket trading on Friday. The dollar index rose 0.23 percent to a near three-week high of 100.89. Gold was down 0.2 percent after hitting a three-month high on Thursday. Oil prices rose 1.5 percent after news that OPEC members' initial compliance with last year's landmark production cut deal reached a record high. Dow e-minis were up 30 points, or 0.15 percent at 8:28 a.m. ET (1328 GMT), with 21,713 contracts changing hands. S&P 500 e-minis were up 2.5 points, or 0.11 percent, with 100,854 contracts traded. Nasdaq 100 e-minis were up 6 points, or 0.12 percent, on volume of 19,481 contracts. A University of Michigan report is likely to show that its consumer sentiment index slipped to 97.9 in February from 98.5 last month. The data is due at 10:00 a.m. ET (1700 GMT). Shares of Activision Blizzard rose 10.24 percent after the videogame maker reported better-than-expected quarterly revenue and a $1 billion share buyback program. Sears Holding surged 44 percent to $8 after the struggling retailer said it would cut debt and pension obligations by at least $1.5 billion this year. Mead Johnson was up 5.17 percent after Reckitt Benckiser finalised a $16.6 billion deal to buy the infant formula maker. Skechers USA was up 11.2 percent in light trading after its fourth-quarter revenue beat expectations. (Reporting by Yashaswini Swamynathan in Bengaluru; Editing by Anil D'Silva) Share or comment on this article e-mail Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS That's cheeky! Calvin Klein plays This is Not America and Mexican immigrant designer sends 'f*** your wall' underwear down the runway as New York Fashion Week gets political All that glitters! Kylie Jenner flashes her midriff and legs in fringed gold crop top and matching skirt for Jeremy Scott's NYFW show LBD with a twist! Emily Ratajkowski slips on velvet dress for Jason Wu's 10th Anniversary Midnight Supper during NYFW EXCLUSIVE PICTURES: Robin Thicke has emotional reunion with son Julian under watchful eye of social worker as ex Paula Patton reluctantly hands him over in park 'Late night sesh!' Make-up free Michelle Keegan flaunts gym-honed figure in black leggings and a vest as she enjoys Friday night workout Food to get you in the mood! Sexy dishes and drinks for Valentine's Day (and why they work)  SPONSORED Aphrodisiacs You can't strut with us! Kendall Jenner, Bella Hadid and Hailey Baldwin make for a formidable fashion pack as they parade their way into the Fendi party 'He's gone. He's blue': Fadi Fawaz's frantic 999 call reveals that lover had 'been trying to wake George Michael for an hour' after finding him unconscious EXCLUSIVE: 'I was scared to come back because of my beliefs': Lindsay Lohan on returning to the US while studying Islam and why she wants to meet Trump Meow! Paris Hilton braves snow in quirky cat ear cap after walking the runway for New York Fashion Week Leather look Hailey Baldwin rocks rose colored glasses and leather for RtA FW 2017 presentation at New York Fashion Week Monochrome 'Grown and sexy': Shanina Shaik flashes MAJOR side boob in slinky black frock before celebrating 26th birthday with an adorable cake of her much-younger self  'So excited to shoot with women of all sizes!' Ashley Graham flaunts her cleavage in sizzling salsa-themed ad for her swimsuit line Daddy's biggest fan! Behati Prinsloo takes baby Dusty Rose to support Adam Levine as he is honored with star on Hollywood Walk of Fame Did I want Bowie's children? Never! A year after his death, Lulu tells of her affair with the rock legend, her troubled childhood - and the car crash that nearly killed her Look away Rob! Blac Chyna spotted without her engagement ring as she enjoys lunch date with a mystery man Kourtney Kardashian shows off her pins in black leggings as she chats on the phone while running errands In LA's upscale Sherman Oaks neighbourhood  Big city pretty! Snooki, JWoww and Christina Milian get dolled up at NYFW celebrity beauty bar The pretty celebs were on top forms She even stuns in sweats! Selena Gomez opts for comfort in cozy top and bell bottoms as she steps out in LA Relaxed 'You want to introduce some fear!' Tim McGraw reveals he scares his and Faith Hill's daughters' dates with a sledgehammer  'How pretty is this is?': Eva Longoria shares romantic Valentine's Day balloon display she made for husband Jose Bastón 'You're literally 99 per cent plastic now!': Fans SLAM Holly Hagan as she unveils new 'filled out' chin in proud before and after snap Nice puppies! Lena Dunham dons bold striped frock as she makes Tonight Show appearance with two cute furry guests Can't rain on her parade! Kelly Rowland braves LA downpour to celebrate birthday in showstopping beaded ensemble Birthday weekend 'His and hers': Bec Judd flaunts slim frame in activewear with husband Chris Judd in loved-up snap... six weeks after the pair celebrated their sixth wedding anniversary New York minute! Romee Strijd steps out in super short skirt showing off long legs during chilly NYFW Taking fashion week in her stride Mischa Barton steps out for a rainy day drive in her convertible...one day after 'drinking and smoking until 3 am' at West Hollywood bar 'She's our guardian angel now': Katie Holmes puts on a brave face at Fashion Week as she reveals her grandmother passed away  Looking good! Model Elyse Taylor looks radiant as she reveals her beauty secrets include coffee and green juice for breakfast and 60 minutes of cardio FIVE times a week Forget something? Allison Williams wows in sparkly black blazer with no BRA at Get Out premiere in Los Angeles Not worried about over exposure Pregnant Ciara shows off baby bump in skintight mini dress and stilettos while out with Russell Wilson in West Hollywood All smiles Sealed with a kiss! Ariel Winter shares a cheeky peek with her gal pal after getting frisky with fires Locking lips Sitting pretty: Charlie XCX shines in pink polka dots at the Variety Portrait Studio event with Noah Cyrus and Kat Graham She was an American Girl! Kate Upton stuns in slinky silk ensemble at MusiCares event honouring Tom Petty 'I want someone who's going to throw me on the bed!': Ferne McCann insists men are put off by her fame... as she reveals she's 'so ready' to settle down and have a baby 'Congratulations to the family': Rita Ora only has 'positive energy' for ex Rob Kardashian after he welcomes a baby with Blac Chyna... despite infamous Twitter spat  Nicole Scherzinger puts on a busty display in cut-out blouse for night out at LA hotspot Catch Eye-popping display Busting out! Olivia Newton-John's daughter Chloe Lattanzi flaunts VERY ample cleavage in bizarre video announcement for new movie Second-gen stunner! Andy Garcia's daughter Alessandra Garcia Lorido is a rising talent in the plus-size modeling world A name to watch Daddy's little girl! Tom Hanks' grand-daughter's name revealed as the adorable tot steps out wearing an outfit picked out by father Chet  'Dressing her in gym gear is a cheap ratings stunt!': Corrie viewers SLAM 'nauseating' Rosie Webster as she exercises in a TINY pink sports bra 'He was on the bed, the gas fire next to him': EastEnders' June Brown admits she blamed herself for husband's suicide... as she celebrates 90th birthday and 32 years as Dot  Coffee and cigarettes: Fresh faced Frenchwoman Vanessa Paradis stops to smoke after enjoying lunch with friends Diane Kruger looks beautiful in blue as she joins Adriana Lima with a leggy display on front row at Jason Wu's New York Fashion Week show What would the Neighbours say? Makeup-free Olympia Valance poses NEAR-NAKED on board yacht with bikini-clad pals 'Babes!' Gwen Stefani gushes about beau Blake Shelton and pal Adam Levine as the Maroon 5 singer gets a star on the Hollywood Walk Of Fame A Lott of leg! Pixie shows off her toned pins in a ladylike LBD with bow detailing as she leads the glamour at Weinstein pre-BAFTA dinner Kim Kardashian works out with her sisters in LA while husband Kanye West prepares for fashion week in NYC Long distance  Courtney Stodden makes out with a mystery man as she confirms she has split from 56-year-old husband Doug Hutchison once again A vision in velvet! Jessie James Decker shows off her svelte figure in burgundy dress with thigh high boots for her Kittenish pop up shop Like a Greek Goddess! Australian Supermodel Nicole Trunfio dazzles the MusiCares red carpet in a unique silk white number She's got good jeans! Rachael Gouvignon flaunts slimmed-down figure in tight denim after posing NUDE in THAT beachside snap Move over Nicole Kidman! Meet Vimala Raman, 37, the girl who grew up in western Sydney watching Bollywood movies and is now one of India's most  successful actresses Actor abdication: The Crown creator admits he's 'thinking about recasting everybody' as the plot progresses... meaning Matt Smith and Claire Foy would no longer star in the show 'I want Sophie to stay single': Back in Corrie after a spell on the stage, Brooke Vincent says there's more to her lesbian character than her sexuality 'Strictly made me feel like a woman again': Singer Anastacia's double mastectomy saved her life, but left her with 'a road map' of scars 'Fashionable?' Wildlife warrior Bindi Irwin jokes about her latest 'fashion statement' days after touching tribute to her late father Steve Colour in Kate! Kensington Palace joins the crayon craze with a £5.99 book of the Duchess of Cambridge's outfits that is flying off the shelves  'The older that you get ... less is more!': Makeup enthusiast Kim Zolciak touts virtues of using fewer cosmetics Glam look Lauren Pope flaunts her incredible figure and sculpted abs in a bright yellow bikini as she soaks up the sun in Dubai Sultry beach style Victoria(na) chic! Jenna Coleman is the picture of elegance in thigh-skimming frock with pretty ruffle detailing at Weinstein pre-BAFTA party Bella Thorne wears lacy crop top to join mystery man on double-date bike ride with sister Dani Thorne and boyfriend in LA Someone new? Naughty but nice! LeAnn Rimes sizzles in a black dress with a plunging, laced up neckline for pre-Grammys event Cross her heart Babymoon time! Whitney Port and husband jet out on vacation after the Hills star announced pregnancy    'Something to sink his teeth into': Un-signed footballer Jamie O'Hara fills the void by taking a stab at modelling... following the demise of his CBB relationship with Bianca Gascoigne Lee slaps Whitney for telling him to man up, like his dad (Danny Dyer), capping off 'the week from hell' for the Carters in EastEnders, by JIM SHELLEY SEBASTIAN SHAKESPEARE: Gentlemen prefer blondes! Pixie Lott, her mother AND big sister meet a very animated Prince Charles  Lena Dunham bares midriff in crop top tracksuit after discussing her Trump diet again and how she 'drops weight with every move he makes' Soapwatch: Jaci Stephen's ultimate insight into the week's soaps  Bethany's drawn further into Nathan's lair. I suspect we'll see her being asked to get nude 'This gave me chills!': Emotional fans praise Michael Bublé's new video about 'everlasting love'... as he makes his musical comeback amid his son Noah's cancer battle Botox in her neck, an apple before every meal and lasers to wipe out knee wrinkles: How Christie Brinkley looks like this at 63 (and don't forget her daily washes with ACID soap)!  Prince Harry's ex Cressida Bonas cuts a demure figure in simple white dress as she cosies up to Olga Kurylenko at Harvey Weinstein's pre-BAFTA bash Trainspotting 2's Anjela Nedyalkova looks leggy in a nude semi-sheer minidress at the Berlinale International Film Festival... after getting naked with Ewan McGregor on set Youthful looking Nicole Kidman, 49, flashes a hint of skin in a quirky polka dot dress with a thigh-high split as she attends Lion premiere in Paris EXCLUSIVE: Beau Ryan's wife Kara shows off her blossoming baby bump in skintight activewear after announcing second pregnancy 'Before kids, eye bags and sleep theft': Fearne Cotton reminisces on girly getaway with Holly Willoughby as she posts throwback snap in honour of her birthday 'I thought about it and I was wrong!' D&G designer Stefano Gabbana backtracks after body-shaming Lady Gaga - and even praises her for being 'real'  Should Jamie Oliver be holding his baby so close to the cooker? Parenting expert's warning over photo of chef with his six-month-old son River Rocket Cooling off! Model Laura Csortan takes adorable three-month-old daughter Layla Rose for a swim during Sydney's heatwave Baby's day out! Chelsea Clinton and husband Marc take son Aidan on an afternoon trip to gourmet food emporium after a morning at a fashion show DENYING she'd run for senate 'It has really knocked him': Outnumbered's Tyger Drew-Honey left devastated after it's revealed his porn star dad Ben Dover has bladder cancer New York's her runway! Kendall Jenner parades much shorter haircut as she struts around town during fashion week Dramatic change The Boy from Oz! Actor Hugh Jackman reveals he STILL gets excited by snow despite years in the US as he braves New York snowstorm Snap in a blizzard Next generation! Sofia Richie shows off her modeling chops as she gets VERY close to Anwar Hadid in Tommy Hilfiger's sultry new denim campaign Well, it's not ALWAYS the happiest place on Earth! Drew Barrymore recalls her daughter Olive's spectacular tantrums at Disney World Bumping along nicely! Ciara protectively strokes her belly in clinging black dress on casual outing in Beverly Hills Pretty pregnant Looking tan-dy! Olivia Culpo and Madison Beer don color-coordinating outfits for Cushnie Et Ochs NYFW show Glimpse of decolletage thanks to a lack of a bra Kate Upton looks prim and proper in pearls and blouse at LAX following claims of 'diva' behavior over Sports Illustrated shoot Keeping it cute 'We're famous, Daddy!' Nick Cannon reveals his struggle to keep five-year-old twins with Mariah Carey grounded Battle to give children a normal childhood 'You're always playing the victim!' Kirk Norcross' ex Holli Willis launches into a tirade on Twitter about 'attention seeking' claims that she doesn't let him see their daughter Drop dead gorgeous! Pamella Roland shows glitzy beading, sheer accents, killer ladylike capes at stunning New York Fashion Week show That's not Selena Gomez! The Weeknd hits pre-Grammy party with a brunette former Miss USA who looks uncannily like his girlfriend Stephen Bear DROPPED from Celebs Go Dating agency and banned from show's launch party because of his 'relationship' with Charlotte Crosby Drew Barrymore's ex Will Kopelman takes daughters for stroll with female companion... after actress admits their divorce was her 'worst nightmare' Getting ready to roll! Irina Shayk reveals her baby bump in grey sweatshirt as she prepares for her little one's arrival with another driving lesson Family trip! Actress Charlize Theron heads through LAX with her children Jackson and August as well as her mother Black and white style It's all in the wrist! Celebrity hairstylist Justine Marjan details the secrets to how she achieves perfectly lived-in waves on clients like Khloe Kardashian Katy Perry on why she's 'given up' caring what people think about her quirky style Pop beauty admits she used to spend hours reading comments Postcard from paradise: Kim Kardashian shares personal photo album of her wet and wild waterfall adventure in Costa Rica  'We are truly blessed': Family rejoice as Jamie Lynn Spears' daughter Maddie, 8, LEAVES hospital six days after girl almost died after flipping ATV into a pond Coronation Street's Catherine Tyldesley displays her long legs and hourglass figure in leather skirt on date night with husband Tom Pitfield 'Your job is to get naked and say lines!' Debra Messing reveals how an award-winning director pressured her to go nude on set - after insisting she needed a nose job Made in Mayfair! Tiffany Watson flaunts her tanned and toned legs in form-fitting white frock as she enjoys glamorous night out in London TOWIE's Kate Wright refuses to namedrop 'new footballer boyfriend Rio Ferdinand in upcoming series as it has nothing to do with the show' Trailer for 'racist' Netflix series Dear White People 'gets a million dislikes in just ONE day' - and sparks customer revolt  Controversial Keanu Reeves looks dapper in a navy suit as he attends the gala screening of his latest flick John Wick in London Killing it  Trainspotting 2's Anjela Nedyalkova looks leggy in skintight black dress at Berlinale International Film Festival... after getting naked with Ewan McGregor in steamy scenes Oh so chic! Olivia Culpo and Nicky Hilton turn heads in black at white at LANYU Couture runway show The biggest names in fashion turn out 'Um, photoshop gone wrong': Fans accuse Charlotte Crosby of heavily doctoring her Insta post as she poses in lycra in front of 'very wonky skirting board'  'So proud' Jennifer Ellison parades her newly-svelte figure in tiny sports bra as she drops a whopping four dress sizes in just three months How the West Wing was won: Kellyanne Conway dresses in head-to-toe leather day after travel ban ruling (and drops $6k on her boots and purse alone) Cinema says it won't let men in to watch Fifty Shades Darker 'until we see if women can control themselves'  Too steamy for the ladies? Fifty Shades of Demure! Dakota Johnson cuts a casual figure in chic fur-trimmed overcoat as she jets out of London for her next movie premiere BEL MOONEY: My life's been ruined by my lover's tangle of lies Advice for a woman who moved to the Midlands to be with a man - only to learn he was having casual sex with others. What happened to Sarah? How Fergie's now calling herself Margaret York and trying to run a business empire from a hotel bar  Little Minxes! Jesy Nelson flaunts her incredible abs in a plunging sports bra... as Jade Thirlwall shows off her slender figure in a racy tour costume She's gone all Sporty Spice: Victoria Beckham wears head to toe Adidas in show of support to brand ambassador husband David following scandal Effortlessly chic! Model Jessica Hart flashes a hint of cleavage as she goes BRALESS in plunging black outfit at New York Fashion Week 'Sticky as hell!' Atomic Kitten pose for a busty photo as they get hot and sweaty on the Melbourne leg of their reunion tour... as Kerry Katona bounces back after her mystery illness Suddenly shy? Rita Ora wraps up in oversized shearling coat as she heads to Heathrow airport... after flashing underboob at Fifty Shades Darker premiere 'You need company': Grieving Debbie McGee hints that she's ready to find love again as she tries to 'keep busy' a year after husband Paul Daniels' death Baby's first Chanel: Rob Kardashian posts sweet snap of baby Dream wearing designer outfit as she turns three months old Alec Baldwin roasts Ivanka Trump during Tonight Show saying he bought his suit from her collection for '95 per cent off' amid Nordstrom fiasco Free the nipple! Raf Simons sends his models down the runway at New York Fashion Week in risque SEE-THROUGH sweaters as he debuts his first Calvin Klein collection Brielle Biermann enjoys a sweet early Valentine's Day celebration with boyfriend Michael Kopech and wins 'best girlfriend' award Revenge is best served HOT! Khloe Kardashian proudly models her ripped body in mirror selfie after officially dropping Odom from her name 'We connected really quickly:' Gigi Hadid reveals she tried struggled to play it cool after falling hard for Zayn when they first met Richard Gere, 67, and girlfriend Alejandra Silva, 33, pucker up on the red carpet as they put on a besotted display at the Berlin Film Festival Oh, what beautiful morning! Leighton Meester, Camilla Belle and Victoria Justice flock to Russian Tea Room for Kate Spade NYFW show Millie Bobby Brown joins the A-list front row fashion set at Calvin Klein after being named the new face of the designer brand at just 12 Seeking frills! Alexa Chung flaunts her long lean figure as she braves the cold in chic crochet dress to attend Calvin Klein show during New York Fashion Week Love you, baby! Maksim Chmerkovskiy kisses Peta Murgatroyd at fashion show as they take a night off parent duty one month after birth of son  While Kate Spade unveils a Paris-inspired 2017 collection with the help of Victoria Justice, Tanya Taylor serves up intricate pieces for the modern gal Golden girls! Gwyneth Paltrow and Sarah Jessica Parker rock autumnal colors for Calvin Klein's Fall Winter show at NYFW Naomie Harris is the picture of elegance in checked trousers and chic white coat as she makes glamorous arrival at Calvin Klein NYFW show Ex On The Beach's Chloe Goodman flaunts her ample assets and peachy bottom in a tiny mismatched bikini as she hits the pool in Tenerife 'You can't be obese and happy': Super-slimmer Tina Malone claims true joy comes from being thin... but Chantelle Houghton says 'life is too short' The Grammys' 'trophy girls' who dish out the awards now include a transgender woman and a man  Martina Robledo, Derek Marrocco, Hollin Haley will be the 3 handlers 'I'd like to have kids... but I need a guy!' Sophie Monk reveals hopes of having a baby THIS YEAR and is open to being a single mum 'if it got to that' 'She's very shaken up': Love Island's Olivia Buckland left in hospital after hitting her head in petrifying car crash Sustained an injury to her head  How Kate took ten years off her face: The Duchess has ditched her heavy eyeliner, and matte foundation since turning 35 (and looks a decade younger) MY HAVEN - Martin Roberts: The Homes Under The Hammer host, 53, in his tree house (and radio studio) in Somerset  She plays Governor Hildur Odegard in Sky Atlantic's dark drama Fortitude and here Sofie Grabol talks us through a week on the show's set... Tony Blackburn will make his triumphant return to Radio 2 for a 6am Saturday job one year after his sacking  Sounds Of The 60s I'm not Radio Gaga, legendary DJ Brian Matthew tells JANE FRYER after he briefly fell ill and was abruptly pensioned off from the BBC following 63 years with the corporation  It's celebrity walkies! Well-known faces walk their dogs in stunning locations and telling us as much about the owners as the beauty spots Bill Oddie wouldn't do yoga, Sheila Ferguson had a date and Miriam Stoppard couldn't surrender to the spirituality. Yes, The Real Marigold Hotel is back Natural beauty! Makeup-free Pia Miller shares 'grumpy selfie' ahead of early morning shoot and STILL looks stunning The Germans won the war and Britain is under occupation. That's the idea behind new TV drama SS-GB - and its dystopian vision is utterly chilling: Welcome to Nazi Britain  Terry Pratchett's final fantasy: The late literary legend recorded his innermost thoughts before he passed away in 2015 - now actor Paul Kaye's brought them to life in a moving film After a tantalising star turn in The Night Manager, Elizabeth Debicki returns to British TV in Australian alien abduction thriller The Kettering Incident Fancy seeing you here! Lily-Rose Depp bumps into her pal Tallulah Willis at popular LA lunch spot The two friends met unexpectedly Richard Gere and his co-star Laura Linney cosy up to each other on the red carpet for new film The Dinner at the 67th Berlinale International Film Festival Whoopi Goldberg reveals she didn't realise how much she depended on her mother and brother as she discusses their deaths on Loose Women EXCLUSIVE: 'We had SEX in Buckingham Palace toilets': Steve Jones admits to a very naughty regal romp with his wife Phylicia Her pride and joy! Teresa Palmer shares adorable snap of her sons Bodhi Rain and Forest Sage as she gushes over the baby's 'new chatter' Picking up a present for the grandchildren? Amal Clooney's mum is pictured heading into a children's bookshop as it's revealed the couple are expecting twins Blondes have more fun! Allison Williams shows off platinum hair at LA screening of Get Out with director Jordan Peele and co-stars Kate Moss flashes her racy leather bra as she unbuttons her shirt during dinner in London... before heading home in the early hours bleary-eyed She'll catch her death! Braless Ashley James puts on a VERY busty display as she showcases her ample cleavage in plunging pink knitwear Time to chill! Geordie Shore newbie Zahida Allen braves snowy conditions in TINY plunging mini dress as she enjoys girls' night at French ski resort 'My heart is broken!' Twitter goes into mourning as Kris Marshall bids an emotional farewell to Death In Paradise Charli Sexy-X! Popstar puts on very busty display in plunging bralet and tiny shorts as she performs new single on Jimmy Kimmel Live 'She threw me off!': Maria Shriver gets flustered after Lena Dunham says the word penis during live interview on Today show Take a bow! Solange Knowles shows off a hint of cleavage in quirky plunging blazer at the Black Women in Music event in Hollywood  So wild! Sofia Vergara wears zebra print blouse as she films Modern Family with Ed O'Neill In character as Gloria during a shoot day 'It's got a life of its own!' Linda Robson has Loose Women panel in stitches as she fails to switch off sex toy and mistakes nipple tassels for earrings PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Tyga's ex Demi Rose sizzles in racy red lace lingerie for sexy Valentine's Day shoot as she reveals plans to move to America Shia LaBeouf's anti-Trump museum exhibit is shut down after becoming a 'flashpoint for violence' He Will Not Divide Us exhibit Tara Palmer-Tomkinson's family reveal she 'died peacefully in her sleep' as heartbroken sister visits tragic socialite's £1.6million apartment  Lisa Appleton flashes her very ample assets whilst flexing her muscles in Wonder Woman-inspired gym wear by the seaside in Blackpool 'There was a baby boom!' Jamie Dornan admits erotic Fifty Shades sex scenes with Dakota Johnson led to pregnancy surge 'You're going to cry again': Eamonn Holmes reminds emotional Ruth Langsford of how he asked her mum for hand in marriage during her dad's dementia battle Aidan Turner puffs away on a cigarette before he resumes filming with Eleanor Tomlinson for Poldark season three EastEnders' Jack Branning can't contain his grief-fuelled rage as it's revealed what really caused Ronnie and Roxy Mitchell's deaths Seething with rage  Not wanted! NeNe Leakes and Kim Zolciak's return to RHOA angers co-stars amid pay cut concerns Sure to be explosive Fresh fears for Mischa Barton as she is seen drinking, smoking and partying until 3am just weeks after shocking 'meltdown'  Pictured drinking 'Amal's twins and Beyonce's twins will sit on the thrones of Narnia': Twitter reacts to George Clooney baby news Double the joy! 'Caught early it's very curable': Pointless host Alexander Armstrong undergoes testicular cancer test in front of millions on This Morning Praised by viewers  Sheer daring! Kendall Jenner bares pert derriere in see-through gown as she hits catwalk for La Perla NYFW show Sheer style 'Everything I could possibly ever want on my birthday': Make-up free Holly Willoughby poses for a rare snap with her three children as she turns 36 Could it be a trio of pregnancies for The Hills? Speidi fuel rumours they are expecting as they congratulate Whitney Port and Lauren Conrad 'He thinks he can win in every discipline' Davina McCall on Spencer Matthews' cocky attitude on The Jump... and his co-stars plan to 'take him down' '27 weeks and 2 days': Pregnant Love Island star Cally Jane Beech excitedly shares picture of her growing baby bump as she poses in her underwear  Mini Moyles! Radio DJ Chris showcases his jaw-dropping five stone weight loss at the opening of Jamie Oliver's new restaurant in London Save the breast for last! Courtney Stodden sizzles in plunging bodysuit as she showcases major sideboob at pre-Grammys bash in LA Death in Paradise star whose shorts have made her a hit with viewers entertains Twitter with live episode updates (and responds to their flirty posts) 'I'm just gutted I'm not allowed to see you': Kirk Norcross shares heart-wrenching video with daughter  on her first birthday...amid claims ex is blocking access LEAFing little to the imagination! Charlotte McKinney flaunts her eye-popping cleavage in a sheer top as she accessorises with a quirky clutch When she's feeling blue: Selma Blair flaunts her legs in a patterned mini and a matching pyjama-style ensemble as she mixed up her look throughout the day Rosie Huntington-Whiteley, 29, finally confirms she's PREGNANT with fiance Jason Statham, 49, as she shares burgeoning bikini bump snap  'Looking hot in those kinky boots this morning!' Twitter goes wild for Lorraine Kelly's patent leather knee-highs on TV show It's Ferry slippy! Geordie Shore's Chloe takes a tumble on the ice alongside cast mate Marnie Simpson as they continue to film new series in Tignes Brooklyn Beckham heads out for a night out on the town amid father David's email hacking scandal Heading to Mayfair It was never meant to workout! Jamie O'Hara endures gruelling personal training session... after dumping CBB love interest Bianca Gascoigne EastEnders suffers another epic gaffe when stagehand wanders into Aunt Babe and Sylvie's dramatic scene A man in a high vis jacket was in shot Lady in leather! Smiling Queen Maxima of the Netherlands steps out in an edgy plum pencil skirt on a visit to a design school in east Germany  TayTay Starhz continues to cash in on THAT kiss with Zoe Ball as he claims he helped cause the end of her marriage to Norman Cook  Can YOU identify these stars from just their lips? Scientists say plump pouts like the Kardashians' aren't the most desirable while Holly Willoughby has a perfect pair Awkward! Suits stars Rick Hoffman and Sarah Rafferty dodge question about co-star Meghan Markle and Prince Harry on The Project Such a (Suga)babe! Heidi Range oozes glamour in a lace jumpsuit as she enjoys a theatre date night with hunky husband at the Carole King Musical It's official! George Clooney, 55, and pregnant wife Amal, 39, finally confirm rumours they are expecting TWINS Due in June 50 shades duller! (And as erotic as a bluebottle landing on your bottom): BRIAN VINER gives his verdict on the sequel Even more pale and at times downright limp 'Just perfect': Peter Andre shares intimate breastfeeding snap of wife Emily MacDonagh... as they hint at solidarity for Tamara Ecclestone following her rant When Hermione fell for Voldemort... Hilarious Beauty and The Beast spoof trailer sees Emma Watson's Belle fall in love with Harry Potter's evil nemesis Revealed: The punishing regime that saw DJ Chris Moyles ditch pizza for quinoa and the radio chair for running to shed a whopping FIVE STONE   With their drunken orgies, the sexually voracious Wizard Of Oz Munchkins turned to whoring, pimping and other crimes   Exposed 'I'm putting my pyjamas on': Katie Price teases she won't be getting X-rated with husband Kieran Hayler after watching steamy Fifty Shades Darker 'Every day I want more drugs': Friends reveal tragic Tara's struggle with addiction in her final months as sister tells of her heartbreak Tragic death Throwback Thursday! Zayn Malik channels James Dean with edgy shearling jacket and classic quiff at Billboard Power 100 celebration Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy   Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Surmodics Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Surmodics Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Michael Rapino Sells 210,000 Shares of Live Nation Entertainment, Inc. (LYV) Stock Blackrock Throgmorton Trust PLC (THRG) Increases Dividend to GBX 6.25 Per Share Pattern Energy Group Inc. (PEGI) Stock Rating Lowered by Zacks Investment Research Analysts Issue Forecasts for Akamai Technologies, Inc.’s Q1 2017 Earnings (AKAM) Allergan PLC. (AGN) Forecasted to Post Q1 2017 Earnings of $3.55 Per Share AngioDynamics, Inc. (ANGO) Receives $16.63 Average Target Price from Brokerages Sanatana Resources Inc (STA) Director Peter Leighton Miles Purchases 372,000 Shares of Stock Alexander & Baldwin Holdings, Inc. (ALEX) Director Stanley M. Kuriyama Sells 4,250 Shares Nicholas Financial, Inc. (NICK) Major Shareholder Magnolia Capital Fund, Lp Purchases 19,196 Shares Brokerages Anticipate Air Methods Corporation (AIRM) to Post $0.61 Earnings Per Share Owens Corning Inc (OC) Upgraded to Hold by Zacks Investment Research Avon Products, Inc. (AVP) Forecasted to Post Q1 2017 Earnings of $0.05 Per Share Analysts Offer Predictions for Camden Property Trust’s Q1 2017 Earnings (CPT) Jefferies Group Comments on CenturyLink, Inc.’s Q1 2017 Earnings (CTL) Brokerages Set Computer Programs and Systems, Inc. (CPSI) Price Target at $34.55 Seaport Global Securities Brokers Cut Earnings Estimates for Diamond Offshore Drilling, Inc. (DO) Daniel Kerzner Sells 36,000 Shares of Alarm.com Holdings, Inc. (ALRM) Stock Elissa Fink Sells 5,000 Shares of Tableau Software, Inc. (DATA) Stock Eaton Vance Tax-Managed Global Buy-Write (ETW) to Issue $0.10 Monthly Dividend Fiserv, Inc. to Post Q1 2017 Earnings of $1.18 Per Share, SunTrust Banks Forecasts (FISV) Surmodics, Inc. (SRDX) Cut to “Sell” at Zacks Investment Research February 10th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Trevor Kearing Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Finance Tweet Zacks Investment Research cut shares of Surmodics, Inc. (NASDAQ:SRDX) from a hold rating to a sell rating in a research note published on Monday morning. According to Zacks, “Surmodics posted stable numbers for the first-quarter fiscal 2017 wherein earnings beat past the Zacks Consensus Estimate owing to strong performance in the Medical Device Segment. However performance was muted year over year owing to lackluster numbers from the In Vitro Diagnostics segment. Surmodics’ concentrated consumer base with only a limited number of key customers is concerning. Also, the company faces stiff competition in the diagnostics market. We are also worried about the company’s SurVeil drug-coated balloon development program. However, the company’s shares have outperformed that of the industry in the past one year. Also, the acquisitions of NorMedix and Creagh Medical bode well for the company as it supports management’s growth strategy of expanding the intravascular product solution offerings for medical device customers.” A number of other equities research analysts have also weighed in on the company. TheStreet lowered Surmodics from a buy rating to a hold rating in a research note on Monday, November 28th. Barrington Research downgraded Surmodics from an outperform rating to a market perform rating in a report on Monday, November 21st. Shares of Surmodics (NASDAQ:SRDX) opened at 23.85 on Monday. The company’s 50 day moving average price is $24.96 and its 200-day moving average price is $26.73. The firm has a market capitalization of $316.39 million, a P/E ratio of 32.67 and a beta of 1.03. Surmodics has a 12 month low of $17.45 and a 12 month high of $30.75. Surmodics (NASDAQ:SRDX) last issued its quarterly earnings data on Thursday, February 2nd. The company reported $0.19 earnings per share for the quarter, beating analysts’ consensus estimates of $0.09 by $0.10. Surmodics had a return on equity of 13.14% and a net margin of 13.46%. The firm earned $17.80 million during the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $15.81 million. During the same quarter last year, the firm earned $0.19 EPS. Surmodics’s quarterly revenue was up 7.9% on a year-over-year basis. On average, equities analysts predict that Surmodics will post $0.32 earnings per share for the current fiscal year. TRADEMARK VIOLATION WARNING: “Surmodics, Inc. (SRDX) Cut to “Sell” at Zacks Investment Research” was first reported by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are reading this piece of content on another domain, it was illegally copied and republished in violation of U.S. & international trademark & copyright laws. The original version of this piece of content can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/02/10/surmodics-inc-srdx-cut-to-sell-at-zacks-investment-research.html. In other Surmodics news, VP Charles W. Olson sold 3,699 shares of the stock in a transaction that occurred on Thursday, December 8th. The stock was sold at an average price of $26.02, for a total transaction of $96,247.98. Following the transaction, the vice president now owns 28,587 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $743,833.74. The transaction was disclosed in a document filed with the SEC, which is available at this link. Also, VP Charles W. Olson sold 1,201 shares of the stock in a transaction that occurred on Thursday, December 22nd. The stock was sold at an average price of $26.00, for a total value of $31,226.00. Following the transaction, the vice president now directly owns 27,386 shares in the company, valued at approximately $712,036. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. In the last ninety days, insiders have sold 7,664 shares of company stock worth $194,664. 6.40% of the stock is currently owned by company insiders. Hedge funds and other institutional investors have recently added to or reduced their stakes in the company. BlackRock Fund Advisors increased its position in Surmodics by 7.6% in the third quarter. BlackRock Fund Advisors now owns 915,066 shares of the company’s stock worth $27,534,000 after buying an additional 64,284 shares in the last quarter. Dimensional Fund Advisors LP increased its position in Surmodics by 6.8% in the fourth quarter. Dimensional Fund Advisors LP now owns 587,924 shares of the company’s stock worth $14,933,000 after buying an additional 37,480 shares in the last quarter. Trigran Investments Inc. increased its position in Surmodics by 6.6% in the second quarter. Trigran Investments Inc. now owns 547,123 shares of the company’s stock worth $12,846,000 after buying an additional 33,655 shares in the last quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. increased its position in Surmodics by 6.7% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 400,974 shares of the company’s stock worth $12,065,000 after buying an additional 25,249 shares in the last quarter. Finally, State Street Corp increased its position in Surmodics by 10.8% in the fourth quarter. State Street Corp now owns 313,462 shares of the company’s stock worth $7,962,000 after buying an additional 30,557 shares in the last quarter. 85.79% of the stock is currently owned by institutional investors. About Surmodics Surmodics, Inc is a provider of medical device and in vitro diagnostic technologies to the healthcare industry. The Company operates through two segments: Medical Device and In Vitro Diagnostics. The Company’s Medical Device segment consists of surface modification coating technologies to improve access, deliverability and predictable deployment of medical devices; international cardiology and peripheral balloon design, development and manufacturing, as well as drug delivery coating technologies to provide site-specific drug delivery from the surface of a medical device. Get a free copy of the Zacks research report on Surmodics (SRDX) For more information about research offerings from Zacks Investment Research, visit Zacks.com Receive News & Ratings for Surmodics Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Surmodics Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News White House Announces Conway Was Counseled Warren Receives Support After GOP Formally Silences Her Report: Trump Was Not Completely Briefed on Bannon NSC Seat Justice Department Will Challenge Stop to Travel Ban President Trump Cancels Harley-Davidson Trip Due to Possible Protests © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Google+ Singapore Weather Min. 24° | Max. 31° Air Quality: PSI 44-56 We set you thinking Saturday 11 February 2017 Read the PDF print edition Main menu hot news Commentary Voices Singapore daily focus China & India World Business Tech Sports Entertainment Lifestyle Blogs Photos Videos Print Edition Management Impact SME Property newstream Sports No change in Hyfa rent despite new operating rules 1486756920 World Saudi Crown prince says U.S.-Saudi ties strong 1486805170 World South Sudan general quits, cites army abuses and ethnic bias 1486805409 Lifestyle Candy-tasting job isn’t always so sweet 1486804605 World U.S. expresses objection to Palestinian as U.N. envoy to Libya 1486803025 World Earthquake in southern Philippines kills four, damages infrastructure 1486803116 China&India Guangzhou says many poultry markets infected with bird flu 1486803706 World UK to close Iraq war abuse unit, citing false claims 1486802710 World China expels 32 South Korea missionaries amid missile defense tension 1486802822 World Angola's president orders inquiry into stadium stampede that killed 17 1486801218 World Thousands gathered at Jakarta mosque urged to vote for Muslim governor 1486791471 World Freedom granted to Canadian man who beheaded and cannibalised fellow bus passenger 1486799801 World Iranian baby with heart defect to undergo life-saving surgery in US after Trump travel ban lifted 1486798606 World Islamic State fighter is first Australian stripped of citizenship: report 1486794545 World China gets an early win off Trump, but many battles remain 1486794850 World Johor’s Forest City seeks to diversify ownership amid Chinese dominance: Report 1486795608 World Trump says considering ‘brand new’ immigration order 1486795309 World In welcoming Shinzo Abe, Trump affirms US commitment to defending Japan 1486792904 World New top U.S. diplomat plays central role in Trump's China shift 1486787275 World Paraguay gives remains of military dictatorship victims to families 1486786950 Business Reckitt finalizes deal to buy Mead Johnson for $16.6 billion 1486786799 Business Ford to invest $1 billion in autonomous vehicle tech firm Argo AI 1486756330 Singapore Police looking into allegedly inappropriate comments made by officer 1486745940 Singapore Four winners share S$12 million prize in TOTO Hongbao draw 1486733400 Voices Consider top-ups for SkillsFuture Credit 1486756920 Sports More power in shots, better control of the ball 1486737360 Singapore Rail network hit by 3 disruptions in a day 1486745160 Business UAW says it will greet Tesla workers with 'open arms' 1486778193 Singapore The Big Read: CFE’s focus on strategy, not schemes, a sign of the times 1486745760 World Brazil's Espirito Santo state says reaches deal to end police strike 1486776016 World Germany says U.S. demand for more NATO burden-sharing is 'fair' 1486774742 Business Energy stocks look for catalyst out of doldrums 1486766285 Business Amazon warns that trade protectionism could hurt business 1486774129 World Trump to Iran's Rouhani: Better be careful 1486772644 World Brazil's former richest man to stand trial on corruption charges 1486769788 World Modi faces biggest election test since 2014 landslide 1486768421 Business After 12 years, ex-AIG chief Greenberg settles accounting fraud case 1486770654 World Polish PM flown to Warsaw hospital after car crash 1486765409 World Syrian dissident says war 'over' as states cut aid to rebels 1486771379 Business Top Federal Reserve official resigns as bank deregulation looms 1486767999 World After daring voyage to U.S., Haitians' dreams end in deportation 1486767302 World U.S. strike in Iraq targets Islamic State militant from France 1486766579 World Stampede at Angolan stadium kills 17, injures scores 1486767452 World Brazil Supreme Court judge calls for drugs legalization to beat gangs 1486766790 World France watches skies for Russian wargames, domestic drone threat 1486749124 Business Wall Street hits records again, boosted by Trump economy hopes 1486767577 World Brazil judge approves promotion of Temer ally with legal caveat 1486764709 World Libya mayors say Europe's migration crisis should not be dumped on them 1486763329 Business Senators question Goldman Sachs on its role in Trump banking policy 1486762886 Business Trump tax cut talk, China data spur risk rally 1486759326 Business Wall Street hits records again, boosted by Trump economy hopes Traders work on the floor of the NYSE. Photo: Reuters mail print View all comments Tweet Published: 9:00 PM, February 10, 2017 Updated: 7:10 AM, February 11, 2017 NEW YORK - Wall Street's main stock indexes rose to fresh all-time closing highs on Friday as a spike in oil prices supported energy shares and investors renewed their optimism about President Donald Trump's economic agenda. The S&P 500 tallied its fourth straight session of gains, a day after Trump vowed a major tax announcement in the next few weeks. The benchmark S&P 500 has surged 8.3 percent since Trump's Nov. 8 election, fueled by expectations he will lower corporate taxes, reduce regulations and increase infrastructure spending. The rally had stalled amid concerns over Trump's protectionist stance and lack of clarity on policy reforms. "Investors were worried that the administration may have gotten off track and was pursuing other items," said Kim Forrest, senior equity research analyst at Fort Pitt Capital Group in Pittsburgh. "Tax cuts have gotten put back on the front burner," Forrest said, adding, "We are looking for gains in the economy at large from this, not just (earnings per share) gains in stocks." The Dow Jones Industrial Average <.DJI> rose 96.97 points, or 0.48 percent, to end at 20,269.37, the S&P 500 <.SPX> gained 8.23 points, or 0.36 percent, to 2,316.10 and the Nasdaq Composite <.IXIC> added 18.95 points, or 0.33 percent, to 5,734.13. The S&P and Dow closed at a record high for a second straight session, while the Nasdaq extended its streak of record closes to a fourth day. Energy shares <.SPNY> gained 0.8 percent. Oil prices rose more than 1 percent after reports that OPEC members delivered more than 90 percent of the output cuts they pledged in a deal that took effect in January. Energy could continue to be in focus next week, when a host of small-cap companies in energy are due to report results. The S&P financial sector <.SPSY> ended up 0.2 percent. The group initially moved higher after Daniel Tarullo, the top Federal Reserve official charged with financial regulation, said he would resign, creating further room for Trump to reshape the Fed's policymaking staff. The focus on Washington comes as large U.S. companies were set for their second straight quarter of profit increases after several periods of declines. With more than 70 percent of the S&P 500 having reported results, fourth-quarter earnings are on track to have climbed 8.4 percent, which would be the best performance since the third quarter of 2014, according to Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S. "We are seeing a pretty solid rate of beats and we’re out of the earnings recession," said Jason Ware, chief investment officer at Albion Financial Group in Salt Lake City. Activision Blizzard <ATVI.O> surged 18.9 percent after the videogame publisher reported higher-than-expected revenue and set a $1 billion share buyback program. Its shares gave the biggest boost to the S&P 500 and the Nasdaq. Skechers USA <SKX.N> jumped 19.3 percent after the footwear maker's fourth-quarter revenue beat expectations. Sears Holding <SHLD.O> soared 25.6 percent after the struggling retailer said it would cut costs by $1 billion and reduce debt and pension obligations by at least $1.5 billion this year. Advancing issues outnumbered declining ones on the NYSE by a 2.60-to-1 ratio; on Nasdaq, a 2.05-to-1 ratio favored advancers. The S&P 500 posted 48 new 52-week highs and no new lows; the Nasdaq Composite recorded 151 new highs and 22 new lows. About 6.6 billion shares changed hands on U.S. exchanges, compared with the 6.7 billion daily average for the past 20 trading days, according to Thomson Reuters data. REUTERS mail print View all comments Tweet Recommended For You   More Stories For You The Most Business READ COMMENTED “India really means business”: Iswaran ’appy iPhone users as WhatsApp Web goes iOS ‘Your fried rice’s ready, Chef’ ‘Unicorns’ face up to reality of new dotcom bubble ‘Tweaks' to property cooling measures worth exploring, say industry players ‘Too soon’ to call property market recovery despite renewed interest: Redas president Zuercher Kantonalbank CEO: scant progress on U.S. tax case Yum Brands profit tops expectations as KFC, Taco Bell deliver Yen holds gains, European political risks generate safe-haven demand Will Trump’s recent executive orders affect confidence in the US? White House plans directive targeting 'conflict minerals' rule: sources White House memo confuses Wall Street on fate of fiduciary rule White House defends Trump criticism of Nordstrom for dropping Ivanka clothing line Wells Fargo sets up artificial intelligence team in tech push Wells Fargo likely to eliminate 2016 bonuses for top executives: WSJ Inside Today World South Sudan general quits, cites army abuses and ethnic bias Saudi Crown prince says U.S.-Saudi ties strong Earthquake in southern Philippines kills four, damages infrastructure U.S. expresses objection to Palestinian as U.N. envoy to Libya China expels 32 South Korea missionaries amid missile defense tension Business Reckitt finalizes deal to buy Mead Johnson for $16.6 billion UAW says it will greet Tesla workers with 'open arms' Amazon warns that trade protectionism could hurt business After 12 years, ex-AIG chief Greenberg settles accounting fraud case Top Federal Reserve official resigns as bank deregulation looms Sports No change in Hyfa rent despite new operating rules Collapsing Liverpool must reboot or risk a Spurs beating More power in shots, better control of the ball SLA eases restrictions on Hyfa’s youth academy pitch usage Singapore paddler Chen Feng retires at age of 23 Entertainment Eat Already’s 2nd season to feature Cantonese, Teochew Big plans in store for National Museum of Singapore’s 130th birthday bash Beyonce faces US$20m copyright suit from YouTube star’s estate Christie Brinkley back in swimsuit in Sports Illustrated Madonna adopts 4-year-old twin girls in Malawi About TODAY Apps RSS Sitemap Syndication Contact Us Advertise with Us Terms & Conditions About MediaCorp Copyright 2017 © Mediacorp Press Ltd. All Rights Reserved. Mediacorp News Group
Benzinga Benzinga Pro Marketfy Financial Data & APIs Fintech Awards Premarket Prep Membership is Free What are you waiting for? Sign up now! Username: Username available! Username taken! Email: Email available! Email taken! Password: Leave blank: OR Free Account Login Click here to access your premium account Username or email: Password: OR Forgot password?' Looking for ? CLICK HERE Contribute Login Sign up Benzinga - Feed Your Mind. Home Best of Benzinga Careers About Contact Us Partners Benzinga Fintech Awards News Earnings Guidance Dividends M&A Buybacks Legal Interviews Management Retail Sales Offerings IPOs Insider Trades Biotech/FDA Markets Pre-Market After Hours Movers Forex Commodities Options Binary Options Bonds Futures Global Economics Previews Reviews Small-Cap Ratings Analyst Color Downgrades Upgrades Initiations Price Target Ideas Long Ideas Short Ideas Technicals From The Press Jim Cramer Rumors ETFs Tech Start-Ups Fintech Personal Finance Premium Products My Watchlist Market Overview Tickers Articles Keywords Search by keyword...googlecse Trigger Finance Makes Trading Less Emotional, More Logical Elizabeth Balboa , Benzinga Staff Writer   {{following ? "Following" : "Follow"}} February 10, 2017 8:36am   Comments Share: It's almost that time of year. The 2017 Benzinga Global Fintech Awards is a competition to showcase the companies with the most impressive technology that are paving the future in financial services and capital markets. To get you prepared for this year's awards, Benzinga will profile each fintech company that has applied. Want to get involved? Submit your company here. For this installment, we spoke with Trigger Finance CEO Rachel Mayer. Trigger Finance What does your company do? What unique problem does it solve? Trigger Finance is an award-winning, mobile-first investing platform that helps remove emotion from the investing process by investing through simple “IF this, THEN that” rules. Simply link your existing brokerage account and immediately begin investing and creating triggers around your portfolio. You can say things like, “If the Fed raises interest rates, then sell SPY,” or “If oil goes below $20, then sell Exxon.” Tens of thousands of investors use Trigger to capture new opportunities and better manage close to $200 million in assets. Trigger most recently released Trump triggers, which have gone a bit viral in just a short span of time. Who are your customers? Retail DIY investors. How long have you been in business? The company was founded in summer of 2015, and we launched the product for iOS in Summer 2016. Where are you located? New York City in the NYTimes Building. Who is your company's leadership? What kind of experience do they have? The Trigger team is highly technical with backgrounds spanning finance and trading (JPMorgan Chase & Co. (NYSE: JPM)) and tech (Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ: GOOG) (NASDAQ: GOOGL)) and has years of experience shipping novel mobile experiences. The leadership team include Rachel Mayer (CEO), Zafrir Schop (chief technology officer) and Adrian Soghoian (chief operations officer). Is there anything else Benzinga should know about your company? We are customers of your API feeds! For another fintech profile, click here to read about how Private Wealth Systems empowers ultra high-net-worth individuals. If you’re looking for cool fintech startups and access to top financial institutions, and are sick of attending stuffy corporate conferences, the Benzinga Global Fintech Awards is the event for you. From its first year in 2015, the competition grew to over 250 applicants and over 500 attendees in 2016. Connect with us on social media — use the hashtag #BZAwards and #Fintech to spread the word! Image Credit: Screenshot from Trigger Finance. Posted-In: Adrian Soghoian Rachel MayerFintech Be Your Own Boss Startups Tech Interview General Best of Benzinga © 2017 Benzinga.com. Benzinga does not provide investment advice. All rights reserved.   Related Articles (GOOG + GOOGL) Does Take-Two's Latest Acquisition Mark The End Of M&A In Mobile Gaming? Is Twitter Fighting A Losing Battle Against Trolls? The Most Popular Brand On Facebook Next To, Well, Facebook, Is... Apple, NVIDIA Near All Time-Highs As Microsoft Remains Under Pressure 13 Of Facebook's Biggest Milestones The Super Bowl's Real Winner: Tech Companies View Comments and Join the Discussion! View the discussion thread. News from idealmedia Sign up for email alerts on JPM Trending Recent 1 GILD: Martin Shkreli: I Would Buy Gilead Shares 2 CAMT, GRUB: 25 Stocks Moving In Wednesday's Pre-Market Session 3 LPSN, IMPV: 25 Stocks Moving In Thursday's Pre-Market Session 4 SIRI, ETM: A Decade After Leaving Traditional Radio, Howar... 5 KFRC, PNC: Benzinga's Top Upgrades, Downgrad... 6 MHK, KKR: Earnings Scheduled For Februar... 7 AAPL, DLGNF: Exclusive: Energous... 1 P: Pandora Investors: Expect Losses Through Most Of 2017 2 TWTR: Twitter Gets Trampled Despite Trump 3 ATVI, MJN: A Peek Into The Markets: U.S. Stock Futures Rise; Crude Oil Up Over 1% 4 Stock Index Futures Little Higher in Pre-Market 5 SIX, DISH: Wall Street's M&A Chatter From February 9 6 Corn Futures Little Changed 7 NVDA, VIAB: GM, Intel, NVIDIA, Viacom: Fast Money Picks For... View upcoming Earnings, Ratings, Dividend and Economic Calendars. Benzinga is a fast-growing, dynamic and innovative financial media outlet that empowers investors with high-quality, unique content. Popular Channels Analyst Ratings Be Your Own Boss ETFs Economics Forex Hot News Options Press Releases Start-ups Tech Tools & Features Affiliate Program PreMarket Prep Feeds News Widget Real Time Feed Sitemap Submit News Tips About Benzinga About Us Licensing and APIs Apps (iOS and Android) Fintech Awards Blog In the News Careers Contact Us Disclaimer Privacy Policy Syndication Terms and Conditions Benzinga Partners 1 (877) 440-9464 (ZING) © Copyright Benzinga Benzinga - Feed Your Mind News Markets Ratings Ideas Tech Small-Cap Personal Finance Premium Products USD/CAD Moves Down, Canadian Unemployment Falls to 6.8 Percent
Fox News Fox Business Fox News Go Fox News Radio Fox Nation Fox News Insider Fox Business Home Markets Politics Features Media & Advertising Cloud Innovation Business Leaders Technology FBN TV SHOWS ANCHORS & REPORTERS SCHEDULE VIDEO Search Equity Futures Edge Up After Wall St. Hits Record High ADVERTISEMENT On Our Radar Refresh Close On Our Radar Load More Equity Futures Edge Up After Wall St. Hits Record High Published February 10, 2017 Markets Reuters Facebook Twitter Print Traders work on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE) April 4, 2016. REUTERS/Brendan McDermid (Reuters) U.S. stock index futures were slightly higher on Friday, a day after Wall Street hit record high on President Donald Trump's promise to unveil a tax reform plan in the coming weeks. Continue Reading Below Trump called the tax plan as "phenomenal", but offered no specifics other than citing the need to lower tax burden on businesses. The news helped reignite a post-election rally, which had stalled in recent weeks on concerns over Trump's protectionist stance and the lack of clarity on his policies. In a setback to Trump, a U.S. appeals court refused to reinstate his most controversial executive order to temporarily ban people from seven Muslim-majority countries from entering the United States. Jeb Hensarling, the Republican chairman of a key House of Representatives committee, laid out his plan to roll back Wall Street and consumer protection rules, which were put in place after the 2008 financial crisis, according to a staff memo seen by Reuters on Thursday. Banks, including Morgan Stanley, Bank of America and JPMorgan, were up in premarket trading on Friday. Continue Reading Below ADVERTISEMENT A University of Michigan report is likely to show that its consumer sentiment index slipped to 97.9 in February from 98.5 last month. The data is due at 10:00 a.m. ET (1700 GMT). Shares of Activision Blizzard rose 8.7 percent after the videogame maker reported better-than-expected quarterly revenue and a $1 billion share buyback program. Mead Johnson was up 5 percent after Reckitt Benckiser <RB.L> finalised a $16.6 billion deal to buy the infant formula maker. Skechers USA was up 11.2 percent in light trading after its fourth-quarter revenue beat expectations. Futures snapshot at 6:53 a.m. EDT: Dow e-minis were up 21 points, or 0.1 percent, with 18,676 contracts changing hands. S&P 500 e-minis were up 1.25 points, or 0.05 percent, with 81,582 contracts traded. Nasdaq 100 e-minis were up 5 points, or 0.1 percent, on volume of 16,878 contracts. (Reporting by Yashaswini Swamynathan in Bengaluru; Editing by Anil D'Silva Fox Business Markets Politics Features FBN TV About Fox Business Channel Finder Advertise With Us Jobs Internships New Terms of Use (What's new) New Privacy Policy FAQ Media Relations Closed Captioning Policy Accessibility Statement Quotes delayed at least 15 minutes. Real-time quotes provided by BATS BZX Real-Time Price. Market Data provided by Interactive Data (Terms & Conditions). Powered and Implemented by Interactive Data Managed Solutions. Company fundamental data provided by Morningstar. Earnings estimates data provided by Zacks. Mutual fund and ETF data provided by Lipper. Economic data provided by Econoday. Dow Jones & Company Terms & Conditions. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. ©2017 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved. FAQ - Privacy Policy
Home Markets Companies Opinion Politics Technology Specials PF Portfolio My Page Budget 2017 Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll North East West South Election News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Run-up to Budget 2017 Budget Quiz Budget Chat Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page Budget 2017 Run-up to Budget 2017 Budget Quiz Budget Chat Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page Budget 2017 Run-up to Budget 2017 Budget Quiz Budget Chat Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page Budget 2017 Run-up to Budget 2017 Budget Quiz Budget Chat BS APPS iPad iPhone Android Wap BS PRODUCTS Smart Investor BS Hindi BS Motoring BS Books Today's Paper BS SPECIALS B2B Connect Power & Energy SME BS E-Paper Hi, Change Password Subscribe Sign out Change Password Manage My Account Sign out SIGN IN Subscribe               TRENDING ON BS #BudgetSpeech #Personal I-T rate #Budget2017 #PopulistBudget #IRCTC News Stock Quote Authors  News    Stock Quote    Authors You are here: Home » Reuters » News Sensex ends higher, tracking Asian markets Business Standard Exclusive: Bain to seek $1 billion for its first Asia-focused credit fund - sources Reuters  |  HONG KONG  February 10, 2017 Last Updated at 16:12 IST email this article Message: Recipients' Email: Type address separated by commas Your Email: Enter the characters shown in the image. Send me a copy:   http://mybs.in/2UTNrUX ALSO READ Exclusive - Blackstone readies new Asia real estate fund of at least $5 billion: sources Investors wary of more losses as battered Asia stocks, bonds steady - for now Asia's wealth industry booting out clients in costly clean-up Citi's e-commerce, digital tie-ups boost Asia consumer revenues Asia struggles on forex and flows after Trump win By Elzio Barreto HONG KONG (Reuters) - Bain Capital is planning its first Asia-focused credit fund, seeking to raise $1 billion to capitalise on distressed debt and direct lending opportunities as banks dispose of those assets and operations, people familiar with the plans told Reuters. The move would double the private equity firm's presence in credit-related investments in the region as it also has about $1 billion in distressed debt and so-called special situations transactions done through its global funds. Indian and Chinese banks in particular are looking to dispose of billions of dollars in soured loans to real estate and mining projects, manufacturing plants and industrial conglomerates. Bain is one of the world's largest private managers of credit and fixed income instruments with about $30 billion invested in those assets. The planned doubling of its Asia credit exposure underscores what Bain and other distressed debt players like Oaktree Capital Group LLC see as huge opportunity to expand in the region. The Boston-based firm plans to launch the new fund in the first half of 2017 and will focus mostly on special situations, the people said. Special situations refer to event-driven investments such as bets on companies that are distressed, the target of a takeover or whose assets will be spun off. Bain is "laying the groundwork for the fund, given the size of the opportunities and the pipeline of potential deals," said one of the people, who declined to be identified because details of the fund have not been made public. Bain declined to comment. Bain's investments in the region include buying loan books from JPMorgan Chase & Co, Lloyds Banking Group and Standard Chartered in Asia. The firm last May completed the purchase of GE Capital's commercial lending and leasing portfolios in Australia and New Zealand in a deal valued at about $1.2 billion. Bain also has a partnership with Indian conglomerate Piramal Enterprises Ltd that is looking to invest more than $1 billion in distressed assets in India over the next few years. "Any private equity firm in the world that has a credit franchise is growing that part of the business, is investing in the theme, is creating different products in credit and is trying to become much more global," said a large investor in private equity firms who has invested in Bain's funds. The investor declined to be identified. Asia-focused private debt funds raised about $2 billion in 2016, a fraction of the $76 billion raised globally, according to data provider Preqin. The previous year was a record for private debt fundraising globally with $96 billion, with Asia-focused funds taking in $7.1 billion. "Credit, not just in China, but regionally, is an area that seems to have a huge tailwind. The factors that are in play in China, which is that banks are increasingly unwilling to lend to small and medium sized enterprises, are at play elsewhere," said one of the people familiar with Bain's plans. (Reporting by Elzio Barreto; Editing by Edwina Gibbs) (This story has not been edited by Business Standard staff and is auto-generated from a syndicated feed.) Read More On Bain | Capital | Asia | Credit | Debt Fund | Hong Kong | Reuters | News PREVIOUS STORY NEXT STORY RECOMMENDED FOR YOU Advertisements Cover from Natural Calamities. Buy Home Insurance Free Brokerage for 1st Month Double Benefits Cashless Treatments plus Tax Savings Open a demat account with Sharekhan & learn online trading. Exploring Untapped Potential of Mutual Funds. IIM Bangalore: Aerospace Management Programme Cover from Earthquake & Floods. Buy Home Insurance Supercharge your Indian property portfolio New to investing in shares? Open 100% Paperless Demat Account in just 15 mins. Bengal Global Business Summit. click here Your Loan Eligibility Holds the Key to Your Dream Home Rise and fall of Bitcoin, does history repeat itself? New to the Stock Market? Take your FirstStep Why are More People Applying for Personal Loans? Exclusive: Bain to seek $1 billion for its first Asia-focused credit fund - sources HONG KONG (Reuters) - Bain Capital is planning its first Asia-focused credit fund, seeking to raise $1 billion to capitalise on distressed debt and direct lending opportunities as banks dispose of those assets and operations, people familiar with the plans told Reuters. By Elzio Barreto HONG KONG (Reuters) - Bain Capital is planning its first Asia-focused credit fund, seeking to raise $1 billion to capitalise on distressed debt and direct lending opportunities as banks dispose of those assets and operations, people familiar with the plans told Reuters. The move would double the private equity firm's presence in credit-related investments in the region as it also has about $1 billion in distressed debt and so-called special situations transactions done through its global funds. Indian and Chinese banks in particular are looking to dispose of billions of dollars in soured loans to real estate and mining projects, manufacturing plants and industrial conglomerates. Bain is one of the world's largest private managers of credit and fixed income instruments with about $30 billion invested in those assets. The planned doubling of its Asia credit exposure underscores what Bain and other distressed debt players like Oaktree Capital Group LLC see as huge opportunity to expand in the region. The Boston-based firm plans to launch the new fund in the first half of 2017 and will focus mostly on special situations, the people said. Special situations refer to event-driven investments such as bets on companies that are distressed, the target of a takeover or whose assets will be spun off. Bain is "laying the groundwork for the fund, given the size of the opportunities and the pipeline of potential deals," said one of the people, who declined to be identified because details of the fund have not been made public. Bain declined to comment. Bain's investments in the region include buying loan books from JPMorgan Chase & Co, Lloyds Banking Group and Standard Chartered in Asia. The firm last May completed the purchase of GE Capital's commercial lending and leasing portfolios in Australia and New Zealand in a deal valued at about $1.2 billion. Bain also has a partnership with Indian conglomerate Piramal Enterprises Ltd that is looking to invest more than $1 billion in distressed assets in India over the next few years. "Any private equity firm in the world that has a credit franchise is growing that part of the business, is investing in the theme, is creating different products in credit and is trying to become much more global," said a large investor in private equity firms who has invested in Bain's funds. The investor declined to be identified. Asia-focused private debt funds raised about $2 billion in 2016, a fraction of the $76 billion raised globally, according to data provider Preqin. The previous year was a record for private debt fundraising globally with $96 billion, with Asia-focused funds taking in $7.1 billion. "Credit, not just in China, but regionally, is an area that seems to have a huge tailwind. The factors that are in play in China, which is that banks are increasingly unwilling to lend to small and medium sized enterprises, are at play elsewhere," said one of the people familiar with Bain's plans. (Reporting by Elzio Barreto; Editing by Edwina Gibbs) (This story has not been edited by Business Standard staff and is auto-generated from a syndicated feed.) Reuters Business Standard http://bsmedia.business-standard.com/_media/bs/wap/images/bs_logo_amp.png 177 22 Exclusive: Bain to seek $1 billion for its first Asia-focused credit fund - sources By Elzio Barreto HONG KONG (Reuters) - Bain Capital is planning its first Asia-focused credit fund, seeking to raise $1 billion to capitalise on distressed debt and direct lending opportunities as banks dispose of those assets and operations, people familiar with the plans told Reuters. The move would double the private equity firm's presence in credit-related investments in the region as it also has about $1 billion in distressed debt and so-called special situations transactions done through its global funds. Indian and Chinese banks in particular are looking to dispose of billions of dollars in soured loans to real estate and mining projects, manufacturing plants and industrial conglomerates. Bain is one of the world's largest private managers of credit and fixed income instruments with about $30 billion invested in those assets. The planned doubling of its Asia credit exposure underscores what Bain and other distressed debt players like Oaktree Capital Group LLC see as huge opportunity to expand in the region. The Boston-based firm plans to launch the new fund in the first half of 2017 and will focus mostly on special situations, the people said. Special situations refer to event-driven investments such as bets on companies that are distressed, the target of a takeover or whose assets will be spun off. Bain is "laying the groundwork for the fund, given the size of the opportunities and the pipeline of potential deals," said one of the people, who declined to be identified because details of the fund have not been made public. Bain declined to comment. Bain's investments in the region include buying loan books from JPMorgan Chase & Co, Lloyds Banking Group and Standard Chartered in Asia. The firm last May completed the purchase of GE Capital's commercial lending and leasing portfolios in Australia and New Zealand in a deal valued at about $1.2 billion. Bain also has a partnership with Indian conglomerate Piramal Enterprises Ltd that is looking to invest more than $1 billion in distressed assets in India over the next few years. "Any private equity firm in the world that has a credit franchise is growing that part of the business, is investing in the theme, is creating different products in credit and is trying to become much more global," said a large investor in private equity firms who has invested in Bain's funds. The investor declined to be identified. Asia-focused private debt funds raised about $2 billion in 2016, a fraction of the $76 billion raised globally, according to data provider Preqin. The previous year was a record for private debt fundraising globally with $96 billion, with Asia-focused funds taking in $7.1 billion. "Credit, not just in China, but regionally, is an area that seems to have a huge tailwind. The factors that are in play in China, which is that banks are increasingly unwilling to lend to small and medium sized enterprises, are at play elsewhere," said one of the people familiar with Bain's plans. (Reporting by Elzio Barreto; Editing by Edwina Gibbs) (This story has not been edited by Business Standard staff and is auto-generated from a syndicated feed.) Reuters Business Standard http://bsmedia.business-standard.com/_media/bs/wap/images/bs_logo_amp.png 177 22 MORE ON MARKETS: Quick Links Stock Market Live Portfolio Commodity Market Upcoming IPO Personal Finance Stock Market News Derivatives Mutual Funds Gold Price Sensex Browse STOCK Companies A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 Browse Mutual Funds A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z Index Stocks ACC Adani Ports Ambuja Cem. Asian Paints Aurobindo Pharma Axis Bank B H E L B P C L Bajaj Auto Bank of Baroda Bharti Airtel Bharti Infra. Bosch Cipla Coal India Dr Reddy's Labs Eicher Motors GAIL (India) Grasim Inds H D F C HCL Technologies HDFC Bank Hero Motocorp Hind. Unilever Hindalco Inds. ICICI Bank Idea Cellular IndusInd Bank Infosys ITC Kotak Mah. Bank Larsen & Toubro Lupin M & M Maruri Suzuki NTPC O N G C Power Grid Corpn Reliance Inds. St Bk of India Sun Pharma. Inds. Tata Motors Tata Motors-DVR Tata Power Co. Tata Steel TCS Tech Mahindra UltraTech Cement Ltd Wipro Yes Bank Zee Entertainment Copyrights © 2017 Business Standard Private Ltd. All rights reserved. From BS Website Home Companies Markets Opinion Politics Technology Specials Personal Finance Budget Latest News Today's Paper RBI Policy General News General Videos General Photo Gallery Events Authors About us About Us Code of Conduct Terms & Conditions Cookie Policy Disclaimer Investor Communication Support & Contact Partner with Us Careers Advertise with Us Contact Us Feedback Browser Support Sitemap Subscribe E-Paper BS Magazines Portfolio Tracker BS Products Smart Investor BS Hindi BS Motoring BS Books B2B Connect iPhone iPad android wap BS Fund Cafe 2016 Budget Insight Out Budget 2017 Budget 2017 Budget News Budget Connect with BS Facebook Google+ Linkedin Twitter Youtube RSS Upgrade To Premium Services Welcome User Business Standard is happy to inform you of the launch of "Business Standard Premium Services" As a premium subscriber you get an across device unfettered access to a range of services which include: Access Exclusive content - articles, features & opinion pieces Weekly Industry/Genre specific newsletters - Choose multiple industries/genres Access to 17 plus years of content archives Set Stock price alerts for your portfolio and watch list and get them delivered to your e-mail box End of day news alerts on 5 companies (via email) NEW: Get seamless access to WSJ.com at a great price. No additional sign-up required.   Premium Services In Partnership with   Dear Guest,   Welcome to the premium services of Business Standard brought to you courtesy FIS. Kindly visit the Manage my subscription page to discover the benefits of this programme. Enjoy Reading! Team Business Standard  
NYTimes.com no longer supports Internet Explorer 9 or earlier. Please upgrade your browser. LEARN MORE » Sections Search Skip to content Skip to navigation Subscribe Now Log In 0 Settings English 中文 (Chinese) Español Saturday, February 11, 2017 Today’s Paper Video Quick Site Sections Navigation Sections Search World U.S. Politics N.Y. Business Business Opinion Opinion Tech Science Health Sports Sports Arts Arts Style Style Food Food Travel Magazine T Magazine Real Estate all Close search Site Search Navigation Search NYTimes.com Clear this text input Go Site Navigation Site Mobile Navigation Top News The 45th President Trump to Issue Security Order While Weighing Course on Ban By PETER BAKER President Trump promised to introduce new measures by next week to prevent terrorists entering the country. While he vowed to keep fighting for the original order in court, he indicated that he would not wait to take action. Trump’s Legal Options in Travel Ban Case Immigrants on Edge at Reports of Raids By NICHOLAS KULISH, CAITLIN DICKERSON and LIZ ROBBINS Despite social media accounts of mass roundups, it was unclear whether an executive order by Mr. Trump was the cause. News Analysis Trump Foreign Policy Quickly Loses Its Sharp Edge By MARK LANDLER The president is proving to be less of a radical than either his campaign statements or his tempestuous early phone calls with foreign leaders would suggest.  Comments Trump Backs Off on Taiwan, and China Gets Upper Hand Trump Adopts a Harder Line on Israeli Settlements Full Coverage of the Administration » NYT Now Trump Gets Chance to Reshape Fed as 3rd Official Quits By BINYAMIN APPELBAUM Daniel K. Tarullo, who has led financial regulation efforts, said on Friday that he would resign, leaving three vacant seats on the central bank’s board. MORE IN POLITICS Trump Vows to ‘Look Into’ Flynn’s Talks With Russia Trump Reassures Japan About Alliance Trump Rejects Tillerson’s Pick for Deputy Secretary of State DeVos Is Briefly Blocked From Entering a School Italian Judge Breaks Up Families as Way to Break Up the Mob By GAIA PIANIGIANI An Italian magistrate separates children from their mob families and moves them elsewhere in Italy to interrupt a generational cycle of criminality. The Daily 360 1:37 One Performer and 4,000 Boxes Joan Marcus. Technology by Samsung. More in The Daily 360 » Got a confidential news tip? The New York Times offers several ways to get in touch with and provide materials to our journalists. Learn more. An opioid user in Rainelle, W.Va. Health officials say the Affordable Care Act has helped make progress in the opioid epidemic. Credit Mark Trent Without Health Law, Addicts May Lose Most By KATHARINE Q. SEELYE and ABBY GOODNOUGH The Affordable Care Act expanded access to mental health and addiction treatment, by designating them as “essential benefits.” Providers fear its repeal will be a setback in the opioid epidemic. Smarter Living Stories From Around the Web and in The Times We Recommend By ANNA DUBENKO and MICHELLE L. DOZOIS A guide to best stuff to read, watch and listen to, on and off The Times. Unbuttoned What You Need to Know About This Fashion Season By VANESSA FRIEDMAN From all the change in New York to the Paris gossip grapevine, the ready-to-wear shows are going to be as topsy-turvy as everyday life. Journalism that matters. More essential than ever. Subscribe to the Times African Nations’ Answer to Protests: Shut Down Internet By DIONNE SEARCEY and FRANCOIS ESSOMBA Governments facing opposition in sub-Saharan Africa call internet blackouts a security measure, but crippled communications are taking a toll on their economies. Illegal Voting Gets Texas Woman Jail, and Deportation By MICHAEL WINES Rosa Maria Ortega, a permanent resident, voted illegally in 2012 and 2014. Her punishment was strikingly harsh for an offense that usually merits far less jail time, if any. So, How Did I Do? Ms. Mearns donning makeup for her role as the Fairy Carabosse. Credit Natalie Keyssar for The New York Times This Ballet Dancer Has a New Role: Being Bad Sara Mearns, the glamorous New York City Ballet principal, discusses how she switched from her usual role in “Sleeping Beauty” to the evil Fairy Carabosse on Thursday night. By GIA KOURLAS Save this story to read later on any device. Save The Mystery of a Missing Hong Kong Tycoon Deepens By MICHAEL FORSYTHE and PAUL MOZUR Footage from the Four Seasons in Hong Kong where Xiao Jianhua, one of China’s wealthiest tycoons, lived is said to show him being taken away by about half a dozen unidentified men. Knicks Create a New Type of Loss in Banishing Oakley By SCOTT CACCIOLA The Knicks, bogged down by bad basketball and puzzling moves by team owner James L. Dolan, hit a new low when former star Charles Oakley was barred indefinitely from Madison Square Garden. Sports of The Times: Dolan’s Garden Is Falling. Run. Mayor and Comptroller Clash Over Body Camera Deal By WILLIAM NEUMAN Mayor Bill de Blasio traded barbs with city comptroller Scott M. Stringer over Mr. Stringer’s refusal to register a $6 million deal to supply police officers with body cameras. 10 Things to Do in NYC This Weekend and Beyond More News Mike Ilitch, Founder of Little Caesars Pizza, Dies at 87 12:00 AM ET Ljubisa Beara, Who Oversaw Srebrenica Massacre, Dies Rare Survivor of a Philippine Drug Raid Takes the Police to Court Former A.I.G. Leaders Reach Settlement in Fraud Case Ford to Invest $1 Billion in A.I. Start-Up California Today The news and stories that matter to Californians (and anyone else interested in the state). Sign up to get it by email. A Pianist’s Warsaw: ‘Fascination and Pain’ Piotr Anderszewski made a film, “Je M’Appelle Varsovie” (“Warsaw Is My Name”), that helped him come to terms with his conflicted feelings about his homeland. Nicolai Gedda, Celebrated Opera Tenor, Dies at 91 The Swedish singer rose from a poor childhood to become a renowned opera star in Europe and the United States. Ancient People Guided Brazil’s Forests by Hand New research finds that humans were sustainably managing the landscape, perhaps thousands of years before they were carving intricate geoglyphs into the earth. The Opinion Pages Editorial An Anti-Consumer Agenda at the F.C.C. This agency’s new chairman is bent on overturning Obama-era rules meant to make phone, cable and internet service fair and affordable.  Comments Op-Ed Contributor The Ties That Blind By RICHARD THOMPSON FORD What do those too shiny, badly knotted, adhesive-buttressed neckties say about the president? Join us on Facebook » Get My Racist Ancestor’s Name Off of Yale’s Campus By TOBIAS HOLDEN I am a black student who fought to scrub “Calhoun” from a Yale residence. I didn’t know I was his descendant. Editorial: America’s So-Called National Security Adviser Collins: Footing the Bill for Trumps Brooks: A Gift for Donald Cohen: Am I Imagining This? Krugman: When the Fire Comes Egan: Democrats’ Sugar High Campus Politics in the Age of Trump User Subscriptions Aren’t We Off Sugar Now? Not Quite. Welcome Yotam Ottolenghi. Good, Bad and Mad: Andrew Rosenthal on the News Times Insider » Aren’t We Off Sugar Now? Not Quite. Welcome Yotam Ottolenghi. The Crossword » Play Today’s Puzzle The Crossword » Play Today’s Puzzle Wordplay » Your Reading List Stories you save are added to your Reading List. Here are some suggestions to get started. Go to your reading list Stories you save are added to your Reading List. Access on any device. Learn More | Send Feedback Weekend Reads From Our Advertisers Loading... timesvideo explore all videos » Video Player Inside Nytimes.com Go to the previous story Go to the next story Music Latin Jazz is Booming Far Beyond the Grammys Sunday Review Welcome Back, Wall Street. Now Pay Us Back. In return for the death of Dodd-Frank, bankers should agree to a new compensation system, writes William D. Cohan. Mind Karen Pence Picks a Cause: Art Therapists Art & Design Wielding an Art Mightier Than the Sword Sunday Review Microbes, a Love Story Theater That ‘Sunset Boulevard’ Close-Up, Finely Focused Travel Evoking Bygone Jazz Age With Modern Touch Opinion Editorial Observer: Help! My Constituents Are After Me! Republicans afraid to buck President Trump play cat-and-mouse with angry voters. Book Review Ali Smith: By the Book N.Y. / Region At 100, a Conductor, Like the Music, Keeps Going Opinion Op-Ed: The Ties That Blind Food Thai Food to Hearten the Homesick in Queens Sections World » Dutch Get Creative to Solve a Prison Problem: Too Many Empty Cells Steve Bannon Cited Italian Thinker Who Inspired Fascists Canada Today: An Isolated Lake and a Welcome Mat for Refugees Business Day » Former A.I.G. Executives Reach Settlement in Accounting Fraud Case Daytime TV’s New Star? Sean Spicer Shopping Becomes a Political Act in the Trump Era Opinion » Op-Ed Contributor: The Ties That Blind Editorial: An Anti-Consumer Agenda at the F.C.C. Gail Collins: Footing the Bill for Trumps U.S. » Addiction Treatment Grew Under Health Law. Now What? Reports of Raids Have Immigrants Bracing for Enforcement Surge Illegal Voting Gets Texas Woman 8 Years in Prison, and Certain Deportation Technology » Ford to Invest $1 Billion in Artificial Intelligence Start-Up Plan for $10 Billion Chip Plant Shows China’s Growing Pull Twitter Struggles to Capitalize on Influence and Posts Lackluster Earnings Arts » So, How Did I Do?: This City Ballet Dancer Has a New Role: Being Bad Review: It’s Norman Mailer vs. Feminists in ‘The Town Hall Affair’ Latin Jazz is Booming. Look Beyond the Grammys to Find It. Politics » News Analysis: Trump Foreign Policy Quickly Loses Its Sharp Edge Trump Will ‘Look Into’ Reports That Flynn Discussed Sanctions With Russia Tom Price Is Sworn in as Health Secretary Amid Senate Disunity Fashion & Style » 7 Things to Know From the First 2 Days of Fashion Week Fashion Review: At Calvin Klein, Raf Simons Raises the Bar Rag & Bone Says No to the Runway Show Movies » The Women of ‘Star Wars.’ (It’s Not Who You Think.) Before ‘Fifty Shades Darker’: 10 Kinky Films ‘The Ring’ Told Us in 2002 That the Medium Is the Monster New York » New York 101: How New York City Gets Its Electricity De Blasio and Stringer Trade Barbs Over Police Body Camera Deal Big City: Reaction in New York to Betsy DeVos? A Lot of Shrugs Sports » Sports of The Times: James Dolan’s Garden Is Falling. Run. Knicks Invent New Type of Loss as Owner Banishes Charles Oakley On Tennis: Trying to Find the Right Tennis Racket? Here’s a High-Tech Solution. Theater » Review: That ‘Sunset Boulevard’ Close-Up, Finely Focused Review: A New ‘Big River,’ Endearing but Ill Timed Review: ‘The Object Lesson’ Amid the Cardboard Clutter Science » Trilobites: Long Before Making Enigmatic Earthworks, People Reshaped Brazil’s Rain Forest Trilobites: Lunar Eclipse and Green Comet Make for Busy Friday Night in the Sky Trilobites: What Makes a Woman a Good Dancer? Watch the Hips, a Study Says Obituaries » Nicolai Gedda, Celebrated Opera Tenor, Dies at 91 Buchi Emecheta, Nigerian Novelist, Dies at 72 Ljubisa Beara, Who Oversaw Massacre at Srebrenica, Dies at 77 Television » Trump and ‘S.N.L.’: A Look Back at a Complicated Relationship Review: ‘The Dark Side of the Sun,’ and, by the Way, We’re Doomed The Walking Dead: ‘The Walking Dead’ Is Back: 7 Questions for the Second Half Premiere Health » Karen Pence Picks a Cause, and Art Therapists Feel Angst The New Old Age: Doctors See Gains Against ‘an Urgent Threat,’ C. Diff Tom Price Is Confirmed as Health Secretary Travel » 36 Hours: 36 Hours in Brooklyn Footsteps: Exploring the Montreal That Leonard Cohen Loved Next Stop: What to Find in Salinas Valley: Lush Fields, Good Wine and, Yes, Steinbeck Books » Fiction: Colson Whitehead on George Saunders’s Novel About Lincoln and Lost Souls Fiction & Nonfiction: Drawn Into the Middle East: A Novel, a Memoir and an Account of Life in the Region By the Book: Ali Smith: By the Book Education » New York Changes How It Tests for Lead in Schools’ Water, and Finds More Metal Pop Quiz | Math: Are You College-Ready? Trying to Solve a Bigger Math Problem Food » A Good Appetite: This Sauce Makes Everything Taste Better City Kitchen: Pastry for Those Who Prefer Savory to Sweet Hungry City: Thai Food to Hearten the Homesick at Dek Sen in Elmhurst, Queens Sunday Review » Linda Greenhouse: Will the Supreme Court Stand Up to Trump? Opinion: Why Nobody Cares the President Is Lying Editorial: Mr. Trump’s Random Insult Diplomacy Real Estate » Loving the Bodega Downstairs 360 View: Light Bulbs That Help You Sleep What I Love: Barbara Barrie’s Loft in the Sky The Upshot » Public Health: How to Fix (or Wreck) Obamacare: Advice for Tom Price Simplifying Shelter: Why Falling Home Prices Could Be a Good Thing Economic View: A Tax Overhaul Would Be Great in Theory. Here’s Why It’s So Hard in Practice. Magazine » Feature: How a Fractious Women’s Movement Came to Lead the Left Feature: The Preacher and the Sheriff Feature: 600 Miles in a Coffin-Shaped Bus, Campaigning Against Death Itself Automobiles » Driven: Video Review: Porsche Panamera Now Has Looks to Match Its Speed and Luxury Trump Wants More American Cars in Japan. Japan’s Drivers Don’t. German Automakers Step Up to Silicon Valley Challenge T Magazine » In the Studio With Mansur Gavriel, Where Instagram Is Real Life All You Need to Know About Fashion Week Going Home With Chloë Sevigny Times Insider » What We’re Reading Talk to The Times: Does the Idea of a Travel Ban Make You Mad, Sad or Glad? Looking Back: 1941 | On a Day of Infamy, The Times Is On the Air Real Estate » What I Love Barbara Barrie’s Loft in the Sky By JOANNE KAUFMAN A Broadway actress on what matters most at home: quiet and light. Mostly light. Search for Homes for Sale or Rent Sell Your Home Most Emailed Most Viewed Trending Recommended for you Loading... Go to Home Page » Site Index The New York Times Site Index Navigation News World U.S. Politics N.Y. Business Tech Science Health Sports Education Obituaries Today's Paper Corrections Opinion Today's Opinion Op-Ed Columnists Editorials Contributing Writers Op-Ed Contributors Opinionator Letters Sunday Review Taking Note Room for Debate Public Editor Video: Opinion Arts Today's Arts Art & Design Books Dance Movies Music N.Y.C. Events Guide Television Theater Video: Arts Living Automobiles Crossword Food Education Fashion & Style Health Jobs Magazine N.Y.C. Events Guide Real Estate T Magazine Travel Weddings & Celebrations Listings & More Classifieds Tools & Services Times Topics Public Editor N.Y.C. Events Guide Blogs Multimedia Photography Video NYT Store Times Journeys Subscribe Manage My Account Subscribe Subscribe Home Delivery Digital Subscriptions Times Insider Crossword Email Newsletters Alerts Gift Subscriptions Corporate Subscriptions Education Rate Mobile Applications Replica Edition Site Information Navigation © 2017 The New York Times Company Contact Us Work With Us Advertise Your Ad Choices Privacy Terms of Service Terms of Sale Site Information Navigation Site Map Help Site Feedback Subscriptions View Mobile Version
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy   Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Neustar Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Neustar Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Investec Asset Management North America Inc. Sells 110,751 Shares of Ambev S.A. (ABEV) Cosan Limited (CZZ) Stake Cut by Investec Asset Management North America Inc. NetEase, Inc. (NTES) Position Held by Investec Asset Management North America Inc. Investec Asset Management North America Inc. Has $7,958,000 Position in Mednax, Inc (MD) Investec Asset Management North America Inc. Raises Stake in Enersis Americas S.A. (ENIA) TCW Group Inc. Purchases 236,111 Shares of Jones Lang LaSalle Incorporated (JLL) TCW Group Inc. Decreases Stake in Seagate Technology PLC (STX) athenahealth, Inc. (ATHN) Shares Sold by TCW Group Inc. TCW Group Inc. Buys 129,166 Shares of EnPro Industries (NPO) Blockhouse Capital Management LP Acquires Shares of 35,000 T-Mobile US, Inc. (TMUS) Baird Financial Group Inc. Has $40,518,000 Stake in Veeva Systems Inc. (VEEV) Baird Financial Group Inc. Has $25,816,000 Stake in Washington Federal, Inc. (WAFD) All Stars Investment Ltd Continues to Hold Stake in New Oriental Education & Technology Group, Inc. (EDU) Investec Asset Management LTD Increases Stake in Canadian Imperial Bank of Commerce (CM) Vantiv, Inc. (VNTV) Stake Lowered by Investec Asset Management LTD Investec Asset Management LTD Buys 25,339 Shares of Voya Financial, Inc. (VOYA) Investec Asset Management LTD Takes Position in Tiffany & Co. (TIF) WESCO International, Inc. (WCC) Shares Bought by Investec Asset Management LTD Interactive Brokers Group, Inc. (IBKR) Position Maintained by Haverford Trust Co. Haverford Trust Co. Has $120,000 Position in Encana Corporation (ECA) Neustar, Inc. (NSR) Receives $29.67 Consensus PT from Analysts February 10th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Stacy Sanders Filed Under: Consensus Rating Articles - Finance Tweet Shares of Neustar, Inc. (NYSE:NSR) have been given an average rating of “Hold” by the five analysts that are presently covering the company. Five research analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating. The average 12-month price objective among analysts that have covered the stock in the last year is $29.50. NSR has been the subject of several recent research reports. Zacks Investment Research raised Neustar from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $37.00 price target for the company in a report on Thursday, December 29th. Barclays PLC increased their price target on Neustar from $25.00 to $29.00 and gave the stock an “equal weight” rating in a report on Wednesday, February 1st. Deutsche Bank AG reaffirmed a “hold” rating and set a $30.00 price target on shares of Neustar in a report on Friday, October 28th. Finally, William Blair downgraded Neustar from an “outperform” rating to a “market perform” rating in a report on Thursday, December 15th. Shares of Neustar (NYSE:NSR) opened at 33.95 on Friday. The stock has a market cap of $1.86 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 11.17 and a beta of 1.39. Neustar has a 12-month low of $20.70 and a 12-month high of $34.40. The stock’s 50 day moving average is $33.18 and its 200-day moving average is $27.37. Neustar (NYSE:NSR) last posted its quarterly earnings data on Thursday, February 2nd. The company reported $1.38 earnings per share for the quarter, missing the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of $1.39 by $0.01. The firm earned $324.90 million during the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $325.98 million. Neustar had a net margin of 13.94% and a return on equity of 35.68%. Neustar’s revenue was up 16.0% compared to the same quarter last year. During the same period in the previous year, the company posted $1.46 earnings per share. Equities analysts anticipate that Neustar will post $5.38 EPS for the current fiscal year. A number of large investors have recently added to or reduced their stakes in the stock. Retirement Systems of Alabama increased its stake in Neustar by 1.2% in the second quarter. Retirement Systems of Alabama now owns 70,146 shares of the company’s stock worth $1,649,000 after buying an additional 814 shares during the period. Alps Advisors Inc. increased its stake in Neustar by 3.2% in the second quarter. Alps Advisors Inc. now owns 16,765 shares of the company’s stock worth $394,000 after buying an additional 521 shares during the period. Emerald Acquisition Ltd. acquired a new stake in Neustar during the second quarter worth approximately $694,000. Neuberger Berman Group LLC increased its stake in Neustar by 1.1% in the second quarter. Neuberger Berman Group LLC now owns 3,893,032 shares of the company’s stock worth $91,525,000 after buying an additional 40,599 shares during the period. Finally, JPMorgan Chase & Co. increased its stake in Neustar by 35.8% in the second quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 175,903 shares of the company’s stock worth $4,135,000 after buying an additional 46,332 shares during the period. WARNING: This piece of content was reported by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are reading this piece of content on another publication, it was illegally stolen and reposted in violation of United States and international trademark and copyright law. The legal version of this piece of content can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/02/10/neustar-inc-nsr-receives-29-67-consensus-pt-from-analysts.html. About Neustar Receive News & Ratings for Neustar Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Neustar Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News White House Announces Conway Was Counseled Warren Receives Support After GOP Formally Silences Her Report: Trump Was Not Completely Briefed on Bannon NSC Seat Justice Department Will Challenge Stop to Travel Ban President Trump Cancels Harley-Davidson Trip Due to Possible Protests © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home   Street Talk   Personal Finance   Economy   Companies   Markets   Investing & Analysis   Insiders   Money Wire   Newsletters Special Discover 270 Ways to Slash Your 2016 Tax Bill Home | Street Talk Tags: citigroup | bull market | Buying | Equities This Bull Market Still Has More Room to Run, Citigroup Says  (iStock) Friday, 10 Feb 2017 07:21 AM Close  More ways to share... Stumbled LinkedIn Vine Reddit Delicious Newstrust Tell my politician Technocrati Short URL| Email Article| Comment| Contact| Print|     A   A    Citigroup Inc. is looking to history to show the global equity rally could be far from over. With the MSCI All-Country World Index up 24 percent from a low last February, similar gains since 1980 suggest it will jump at least 10 percent in the next year, Citigroup strategists led by Robert Buckland wrote in a note. Improving corporate earnings, rising bond yields and money flowing back into equity funds are combining to support another leg up for global stocks. “Healthy market gains from current levels are consistent with the views of our strategists around the world,” they wrote in a note dated Feb. 9. With the global stocks gauge now trading above its three-year average valuation, strategists are looking to predict what’s next and opinions are diverging: JPMorgan Chase & Co. last month said a rise in bond yields is essential for the stock rally to survive. For HSBC Holdings Plc, markets are getting expensive and there’s a lot of economic policy uncertainty, strategists have said. BNP Paribas SA kicked the month off saying that stocks are peaking. Citigroup is using the historical road map to point out that in about three-quarters of the time after such rallies in the past, the index has gained between 10 percent and 15 percent in the following 12 months. Still, even Citigroup sounds a note of caution, warning that following gains of this magnitude, any second leg up does tend to be bumpy, with pullbacks of at least 7 percent in about three-quarters of similar rallies in the past. “Remember that corrections can still happen,” they wrote. “Maybe political concerns could trigger this in 2017.” © Copyright 2017 Bloomberg News. All rights reserved. Click Here to comment on this article Close  More ways to share... Stumbled LinkedIn Vine Reddit Delicious Newstrust Tell my politician Technocrati Short URL| Email Article| Comment| Contact| Print|     A   A    1Like our page 2Share Share StreetTalk Citigroup Inc. is looking to history to show the global equity rally could be far from over. citigroup, bull market, Buying, Equities 273 Friday, 10 Feb 2017 07:21 AM 2017-21-10 Around The Web Powered by Newsmax Join the Newsmax Community Register To Comment Login To Comment Please review Community Guidelines before posting a comment. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. blog comments powered by Disqus   Free Newsmax E-Alerts Email: Country: Zip Code: Privacy: We never share your email.   Mortgage Rates Get Today's Low Rates Widget Request a mortgage or refinance Powered by Take A Look At This Recommended by Newsmax Most Commented Apple, Google, Uber Join Fight Against Trump Travel Ban Monday, 06 Feb 2017 | 154 comments BOYCOTT THESE COMPANIES.... WSJ: US Companies Still Flock to Mexico Despite Trump Outrage Thursday, 09 Feb 2017 | 24 comments It makes good sense to move manufacturing to Mexico if you plan to sell... Kudlow: Trump Ban Isn't About Muslims or Business, 'It's About Terrorists' Wednesday, 08 Feb 2017 | 23 comments Actually, the travel restrictions are about keeping America SAFE!... Deutsche Bank: Trump Poised to Name China a 'Currency Manipulator' Wednesday, 08 Feb 2017 | 22 comments This is a free and competitive market and no one forces you to buy. Read... Gallup: Economic Confidence Index Hit New High as Trump Took Office Wednesday, 08 Feb 2017 | 17 comments We finally got a good business man as president that actually cares about...       To view this video please enable JavaScript, and consider upgrading to a web browser that supports HTML5 video Home   Street Talk   Personal Finance   Economy   Companies   Markets   Investing & Analysis   Insiders   Money Wire   Newsletters Newsmax, Moneynews, Newsmax Health, and Independent. American. are registered trademarks of Newsmax Media, Inc. Newsmax TV, and Newsmax World are trademarks of Newsmax Media, Inc. NEWSMAX.COM MONEYNEWS.COM © Newsmax Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved Contact | Advertise | Shop | RSS | Archives | Links | Privacy Policy | Terms & Conditions
Channel NewsAsia Return to Mobile Site Wall Street hits records again, boosted by Trump economy hopes News TV Connect Watch Live 0 My Playlist Sign In Menu News Asia Pacific Singapore World Business Sport Entertainment Technology Health Lifestyle Videos Weather MORE Photos Special Reports Archives Services PSI Live Shows News Schedule Features On The Ground Specials Facebook Twitter Linkedin YouTube Mobile SMS eNews RSS Return to Mobile Site Business International Business Wall Street hits records again, boosted by Trump economy hopes Wall Street's main stock indexes rose to fresh all-time closing highs on Friday as a spike in oil prices supported energy shares and investors renewed their optimism about President Donald Trump's economic agenda. Posted 10 Feb 2017 20:40 Updated 11 Feb 2017 07:10 Traders work on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE) in New York, U.S., February 7, 2017. REUTERS/Brendan McDermid Enlarge Caption  Email More A A NEW YORK: Wall Street's main stock indexes rose to fresh all-time closing highs on Friday as a spike in oil prices supported energy shares and investors renewed their optimism about President Donald Trump's economic agenda. The S&P 500 tallied its fourth straight session of gains, a day after Trump vowed a major tax announcement in the next few weeks. The benchmark S&P 500 has surged 8.3 percent since Trump's Nov. 8 election, fueled by expectations he will lower corporate taxes, reduce regulations and increase infrastructure spending. The rally had stalled amid concerns over Trump's protectionist stance and lack of clarity on policy reforms. "Investors were worried that the administration may have gotten off track and was pursuing other items," said Kim Forrest, senior equity research analyst at Fort Pitt Capital Group in Pittsburgh. "Tax cuts have gotten put back on the front burner," Forrest said, adding, "We are looking for gains in the economy at large from this, not just (earnings per share) gains in stocks." The Dow Jones Industrial Average rose 96.97 points, or 0.48 percent, to end at 20,269.37, the S&P 500 gained 8.23 points, or 0.36 percent, to 2,316.10 and the Nasdaq Composite added 18.95 points, or 0.33 percent, to 5,734.13. The S&P and Dow closed at a record high for a second straight session, while the Nasdaq extended its streak of record closes to a fourth day. Energy shares gained 0.8 percent. Oil prices rose more than 1 percent after reports that OPEC members delivered more than 90 percent of the output cuts they pledged in a deal that took effect in January. Energy could continue to be in focus next week, when a host of small-cap companies in energy are due to report results. The S&P financial sector ended up 0.2 percent. The group initially moved higher after Daniel Tarullo, the top Federal Reserve official charged with financial regulation, said he would resign, creating further room for Trump to reshape the Fed's policymaking staff. The focus on Washington comes as large U.S. companies were set for their second straight quarter of profit increases after several periods of declines. With more than 70 percent of the S&P 500 having reported results, fourth-quarter earnings are on track to have climbed 8.4 percent, which would be the best performance since the third quarter of 2014, according to Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S. "We are seeing a pretty solid rate of beats and we’re out of the earnings recession," said Jason Ware, chief investment officer at Albion Financial Group in Salt Lake City. Activision Blizzard surged 18.9 percent after the videogame publisher reported higher-than-expected revenue and set a US$1 billion share buyback program. Its shares gave the biggest boost to the S&P 500 and the Nasdaq. Skechers USA jumped 19.3 percent after the footwear maker's fourth-quarter revenue beat expectations. Sears Holding soared 25.6 percent after the struggling retailer said it would cut costs by US$1 billion and reduce debt and pension obligations by at least US$1.5 billion this year. Advancing issues outnumbered declining ones on the NYSE by a 2.60-to-1 ratio; on Nasdaq, a 2.05-to-1 ratio favored advancers. The S&P 500 posted 48 new 52-week highs and no new lows; the Nasdaq Composite recorded 151 new highs and 22 new lows. About 6.6 billion shares changed hands on U.S. exchanges, compared with the 6.7 billion daily average for the past 20 trading days, according to Thomson Reuters data. (Additional reporting by Yashaswini Swamynathan in Bengaluru; Editing by Nick Zieminski and James Dalgleish) - Reuters Email More YOU MAY ALSO LIKE From Our Website From the Web Happening Now new window view more My Facebook Friends Back To Top JUMP TO Select Section Asia Pacific Singapore World Business Sport Entertainment Technology Health Lifestyle Videos Weather Photos Special Reports Archives Services PSI Navigate to: News TV Connect Watch Live GET OUR APPS iPhone/iPad Android Get Our News Facebook Twitter Linkedin YouTube Mobile SMS eNews RSS News Asia Pacific World Sport Technology Lifestyle Photos Archives Singapore Business Entertainment Health Videos Special Reports TV Live News Schedule Shows Services Weather ADVERTISE WITH US Online Mobile TV Contact Sales Channel NewsAsia Channel News Asia About Us Coverage Hotel Partners Events & Seminars Presenters & Correspondents Contact Us Mediacorp Mediacorp News Group © 2017 About Mediacorp Pte Ltd Terms and Conditions Privacy Policy Back To Top
Photos Videos Topics Live BAN 267/6 (88) - IND 687/6 (166) Live SL 296/8 (50) - SA 384/6 (50) Home India Mumbai Delhi World Business Technology Sports Entertainment Lifestyle Education & Careers TRENDING# Rahul Gandhi Sasikala Assembly Elections 2017 UP Elections 2017 Raees Home World US STOCKS-Futures edge up after Wall St hits record high Shares1 Fri, 10 Feb 2017-06:07pm , Reuters U.S. stock index futures were slightly higher on Friday, a day after Wall Street hit record high on President Donald Trump's promise to unveil a tax reform plan in the coming weeks. * Trump called the tax plan as "phenomenal", but offered no specifics other than citing the need to lower tax burden on businesses. * The news helped reignite a post-election rally, which had stalled in recent weeks on concerns over Trump's protectionist stance and the lack of clarity on his policies. * In a setback to Trump, a U.S. appeals court refused to reinstate his most controversial executive order to temporarily ban people from seven Muslim-majority countries from entering the United States. * Jeb Hensarling, the Republican chairman of a key House of Representatives committee, laid out his plan to roll back Wall Street and consumer protection rules, which were put in place after the 2008 financial crisis, according to a staff memo seen by Reuters on Thursday. * Banks, including Morgan Stanley, Bank of America and JPMorgan, were up in premarket trading on Friday. * A University of Michigan report is likely to show that its consumer sentiment index slipped to 97.9 in February from 98.5 last month. The data is due at 10:00 a.m. ET (1700 GMT). * Shares of Activision Blizzard rose 8.7 percent after the videogame maker reported better-than-expected quarterly revenue and a $1 billion share buyback program. * Mead Johnson was up 5 percent after Reckitt Benckiser finalised a $16.6 billion deal to buy the infant formula maker. * Skechers USA was up 11.2 percent in light trading after its fourth-quarter revenue beat expectations. Futures snapshot at 6:53 a.m. EDT: * Dow e-minis were up 21 points, or 0.1 percent, with 18,676 contracts changing hands. * S&P 500 e-minis were up 1.25 points, or 0.05 percent, with 81,582 contracts traded. * Nasdaq 100 e-minis were up 5 points, or 0.1 percent, on volume of 16,878 contracts. (This article has not been edited by DNA's editorial team and is auto-generated from an agency feed.) TOP TOP   Comments   Also Read World New York City: Two men plead guilty to plotting terror attack for ISIS World US expresses objection to Palestinian as UN envoy to Libya World Trump weighs revised travel ban, Supreme Court test still possible World China expels 32 South Korea missionaries amid missile defence tension World Melania Trump & Akie Abe | Both unconventional First Ladies yet poles apart World Earthquake in southern Philippines kills 6 Live Cricket Score Live BAN 267/6 (88) IND 687/6 (166) Full Scorecard | Commentary Live SL 296/8 (50) SA beat SL by 88 runs SA 384/6 (50) Full Scorecard | Commentary Related Trump weighs revised travel ban, Supreme Court test still possible Melania Trump & Akie Abe | Both unconventional First Ladies yet poles apart Trump backs top aide Kellyanne Conway despite massive criticism Video WATCH: Priyanka Chopra says "Bollywood has been reduced to a Zumba class" Watch: This video urges you to stop asking women to cover up Shocking: Man climbs fence to avoid paying zoo ticket, gets mauled to death by tiger View all Tags Donald Trump Activision Blizzard House of Representatives Jeb Hensarling Mead Johnson Morgan Stanley Reckitt Benckiser Reuters United States University of Michigan U. S. Wall Street Morgan Stanley Muslim-majority S&P Skechers USA SITE INDEX About DNA Contact us Advertise Reprint Rights News India wants Pak to take action against terrorists: Bambawale 3 killed after inhaling 'toxic gases' on board barge BJP reaches out to small groups within North Indian community HC grants interim relief to Sharma in Kabbadi league case UP Elections 2017 | Akhilesh govt playing with aspirations of youth for political gains: PM Modi Sport #INDvBAN | Watch: Mushfiqur Rahim survives run out appeal, commentators stunned by third umpire's decision Paired together Lahiri, Shubhankar have outside chance Swing coach Leadbetter runs rule over golfers Trump and Abe Golf-Swing coach Leadbetter runs rule over golfers Trump and Abe "The timing could not have been better. A lot of quality Entertainment The Kapil Sharma Show: Rishi Kapoor REVEALS he'll enact episodes from his book 'Khullam Khulla' on stage 'Kaabil' director Sanjay Gupta begins work on his next! Varun mum on Govinda's remarks on father David Dhawan WATCH: Robert Downey Jr, Chris Pratt & Tom Holland on day 1 of 'Avengers: Infinity War' shoot Akshay Kumar's 'Crack' SHELVED or not? Director Neeraj Pandey BREAKS SILENCE on his delayed film Money Govt removes duty anomalies to boost medical devices mfg: Min Sebi says remedial actions underway in NSE co-location case Oils and Oilseeds: Edible, non-edibles weakens further Bullion: Both the precious metals, gold and silver Gold prices recover by Rs 225, silver tops Rs 43,000 Partner site: Zee News ©2017 Diligent Media Corporation Ltd.
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad US STOCKS-Futures edge up after Wall St hits record high By Reuters Published: 07:32 EST, 10 February 2017 | Updated: 07:32 EST, 10 February 2017 e-mail By Yashaswini Swamynathan Feb 10 (Reuters) - U.S. stock index futures were slightly higher on Friday, a day after Wall Street hit record high on President Donald Trump's promise to unveil a tax reform plan in the coming weeks. * Trump called the tax plan as "phenomenal", but offered no specifics other than citing the need to lower tax burden on businesses. * The news helped reignite a post-election rally, which had stalled in recent weeks on concerns over Trump's protectionist stance and the lack of clarity on his policies. * In a setback to Trump, a U.S. appeals court refused to reinstate his most controversial executive order to temporarily ban people from seven Muslim-majority countries from entering the United States. * Jeb Hensarling, the Republican chairman of a key House of Representatives committee, laid out his plan to roll back Wall Street and consumer protection rules, which were put in place after the 2008 financial crisis, according to a staff memo seen by Reuters on Thursday. * Banks, including Morgan Stanley, Bank of America and JPMorgan, were up in premarket trading on Friday. * A University of Michigan report is likely to show that its consumer sentiment index slipped to 97.9 in February from 98.5 last month. The data is due at 10:00 a.m. ET (1700 GMT). * Shares of Activision Blizzard rose 8.7 percent after the videogame maker reported better-than-expected quarterly revenue and a $1 billion share buyback program. * Mead Johnson was up 5 percent after Reckitt Benckiser finalised a $16.6 billion deal to buy the infant formula maker. * Skechers USA was up 11.2 percent in light trading after its fourth-quarter revenue beat expectations. Futures snapshot at 6:53 a.m. EDT: * Dow e-minis were up 21 points, or 0.1 percent, with 18,676 contracts changing hands. * S&P 500 e-minis were up 1.25 points, or 0.05 percent, with 81,582 contracts traded. * Nasdaq 100 e-minis were up 5 points, or 0.1 percent, on volume of 16,878 contracts. (Reporting by Yashaswini Swamynathan in Bengaluru; Editing by Anil D'Silva) Share or comment on this article e-mail Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS That's cheeky! Calvin Klein plays This is Not America and Mexican immigrant designer sends 'f*** your wall' underwear down the runway as New York Fashion Week gets political All that glitters! Kylie Jenner flashes her midriff and legs in fringed gold crop top and matching skirt for Jeremy Scott's NYFW show LBD with a twist! Emily Ratajkowski slips on velvet dress for Jason Wu's 10th Anniversary Midnight Supper during NYFW EXCLUSIVE PICTURES: Robin Thicke has emotional reunion with son Julian under watchful eye of social worker as ex Paula Patton reluctantly hands him over in park 'Late night sesh!' Make-up free Michelle Keegan flaunts gym-honed figure in black leggings and a vest as she enjoys Friday night workout Food to get you in the mood! Sexy dishes and drinks for Valentine's Day (and why they work)  SPONSORED Aphrodisiacs You can't strut with us! Kendall Jenner, Bella Hadid and Hailey Baldwin make for a formidable fashion pack as they parade their way into the Fendi party 'He's gone. He's blue': Fadi Fawaz's frantic 999 call reveals that lover had 'been trying to wake George Michael for an hour' after finding him unconscious EXCLUSIVE: 'I was scared to come back because of my beliefs': Lindsay Lohan on returning to the US while studying Islam and why she wants to meet Trump Meow! Paris Hilton braves snow in quirky cat ear cap after walking the runway for New York Fashion Week Leather look Hailey Baldwin rocks rose colored glasses and leather for RtA FW 2017 presentation at New York Fashion Week Monochrome 'Grown and sexy': Shanina Shaik flashes MAJOR side boob in slinky black frock before celebrating 26th birthday with an adorable cake of her much-younger self  'So excited to shoot with women of all sizes!' Ashley Graham flaunts her cleavage in sizzling salsa-themed ad for her swimsuit line Daddy's biggest fan! Behati Prinsloo takes baby Dusty Rose to support Adam Levine as he is honored with star on Hollywood Walk of Fame Did I want Bowie's children? Never! A year after his death, Lulu tells of her affair with the rock legend, her troubled childhood - and the car crash that nearly killed her Look away Rob! Blac Chyna spotted without her engagement ring as she enjoys lunch date with a mystery man Kourtney Kardashian shows off her pins in black leggings as she chats on the phone while running errands In LA's upscale Sherman Oaks neighbourhood  Big city pretty! Snooki, JWoww and Christina Milian get dolled up at NYFW celebrity beauty bar The pretty celebs were on top forms She even stuns in sweats! Selena Gomez opts for comfort in cozy top and bell bottoms as she steps out in LA Relaxed 'You want to introduce some fear!' Tim McGraw reveals he scares his and Faith Hill's daughters' dates with a sledgehammer  'How pretty is this is?': Eva Longoria shares romantic Valentine's Day balloon display she made for husband Jose Bastón 'You're literally 99 per cent plastic now!': Fans SLAM Holly Hagan as she unveils new 'filled out' chin in proud before and after snap Nice puppies! Lena Dunham dons bold striped frock as she makes Tonight Show appearance with two cute furry guests Can't rain on her parade! Kelly Rowland braves LA downpour to celebrate birthday in showstopping beaded ensemble Birthday weekend 'His and hers': Bec Judd flaunts slim frame in activewear with husband Chris Judd in loved-up snap... six weeks after the pair celebrated their sixth wedding anniversary New York minute! Romee Strijd steps out in super short skirt showing off long legs during chilly NYFW Taking fashion week in her stride Mischa Barton steps out for a rainy day drive in her convertible...one day after 'drinking and smoking until 3 am' at West Hollywood bar 'She's our guardian angel now': Katie Holmes puts on a brave face at Fashion Week as she reveals her grandmother passed away  Looking good! Model Elyse Taylor looks radiant as she reveals her beauty secrets include coffee and green juice for breakfast and 60 minutes of cardio FIVE times a week Forget something? Allison Williams wows in sparkly black blazer with no BRA at Get Out premiere in Los Angeles Not worried about over exposure Pregnant Ciara shows off baby bump in skintight mini dress and stilettos while out with Russell Wilson in West Hollywood All smiles Sealed with a kiss! Ariel Winter shares a cheeky peek with her gal pal after getting frisky with fires Locking lips Sitting pretty: Charlie XCX shines in pink polka dots at the Variety Portrait Studio event with Noah Cyrus and Kat Graham She was an American Girl! Kate Upton stuns in slinky silk ensemble at MusiCares event honouring Tom Petty 'I want someone who's going to throw me on the bed!': Ferne McCann insists men are put off by her fame... as she reveals she's 'so ready' to settle down and have a baby 'Congratulations to the family': Rita Ora only has 'positive energy' for ex Rob Kardashian after he welcomes a baby with Blac Chyna... despite infamous Twitter spat  Nicole Scherzinger puts on a busty display in cut-out blouse for night out at LA hotspot Catch Eye-popping display Busting out! Olivia Newton-John's daughter Chloe Lattanzi flaunts VERY ample cleavage in bizarre video announcement for new movie Second-gen stunner! Andy Garcia's daughter Alessandra Garcia Lorido is a rising talent in the plus-size modeling world A name to watch Daddy's little girl! Tom Hanks' grand-daughter's name revealed as the adorable tot steps out wearing an outfit picked out by father Chet  'Dressing her in gym gear is a cheap ratings stunt!': Corrie viewers SLAM 'nauseating' Rosie Webster as she exercises in a TINY pink sports bra 'He was on the bed, the gas fire next to him': EastEnders' June Brown admits she blamed herself for husband's suicide... as she celebrates 90th birthday and 32 years as Dot  Coffee and cigarettes: Fresh faced Frenchwoman Vanessa Paradis stops to smoke after enjoying lunch with friends Diane Kruger looks beautiful in blue as she joins Adriana Lima with a leggy display on front row at Jason Wu's New York Fashion Week show What would the Neighbours say? Makeup-free Olympia Valance poses NEAR-NAKED on board yacht with bikini-clad pals 'Babes!' Gwen Stefani gushes about beau Blake Shelton and pal Adam Levine as the Maroon 5 singer gets a star on the Hollywood Walk Of Fame A Lott of leg! Pixie shows off her toned pins in a ladylike LBD with bow detailing as she leads the glamour at Weinstein pre-BAFTA dinner Kim Kardashian works out with her sisters in LA while husband Kanye West prepares for fashion week in NYC Long distance  Courtney Stodden makes out with a mystery man as she confirms she has split from 56-year-old husband Doug Hutchison once again A vision in velvet! Jessie James Decker shows off her svelte figure in burgundy dress with thigh high boots for her Kittenish pop up shop Like a Greek Goddess! Australian Supermodel Nicole Trunfio dazzles the MusiCares red carpet in a unique silk white number She's got good jeans! Rachael Gouvignon flaunts slimmed-down figure in tight denim after posing NUDE in THAT beachside snap Move over Nicole Kidman! Meet Vimala Raman, 37, the girl who grew up in western Sydney watching Bollywood movies and is now one of India's most  successful actresses Actor abdication: The Crown creator admits he's 'thinking about recasting everybody' as the plot progresses... meaning Matt Smith and Claire Foy would no longer star in the show 'I want Sophie to stay single': Back in Corrie after a spell on the stage, Brooke Vincent says there's more to her lesbian character than her sexuality 'Strictly made me feel like a woman again': Singer Anastacia's double mastectomy saved her life, but left her with 'a road map' of scars 'Fashionable?' Wildlife warrior Bindi Irwin jokes about her latest 'fashion statement' days after touching tribute to her late father Steve Colour in Kate! Kensington Palace joins the crayon craze with a £5.99 book of the Duchess of Cambridge's outfits that is flying off the shelves  'The older that you get ... less is more!': Makeup enthusiast Kim Zolciak touts virtues of using fewer cosmetics Glam look Lauren Pope flaunts her incredible figure and sculpted abs in a bright yellow bikini as she soaks up the sun in Dubai Sultry beach style Victoria(na) chic! Jenna Coleman is the picture of elegance in thigh-skimming frock with pretty ruffle detailing at Weinstein pre-BAFTA party Bella Thorne wears lacy crop top to join mystery man on double-date bike ride with sister Dani Thorne and boyfriend in LA Someone new? Naughty but nice! LeAnn Rimes sizzles in a black dress with a plunging, laced up neckline for pre-Grammys event Cross her heart Babymoon time! Whitney Port and husband jet out on vacation after the Hills star announced pregnancy    'Something to sink his teeth into': Un-signed footballer Jamie O'Hara fills the void by taking a stab at modelling... following the demise of his CBB relationship with Bianca Gascoigne Lee slaps Whitney for telling him to man up, like his dad (Danny Dyer), capping off 'the week from hell' for the Carters in EastEnders, by JIM SHELLEY SEBASTIAN SHAKESPEARE: Gentlemen prefer blondes! Pixie Lott, her mother AND big sister meet a very animated Prince Charles  Lena Dunham bares midriff in crop top tracksuit after discussing her Trump diet again and how she 'drops weight with every move he makes' Soapwatch: Jaci Stephen's ultimate insight into the week's soaps  Bethany's drawn further into Nathan's lair. I suspect we'll see her being asked to get nude 'This gave me chills!': Emotional fans praise Michael Bublé's new video about 'everlasting love'... as he makes his musical comeback amid his son Noah's cancer battle Botox in her neck, an apple before every meal and lasers to wipe out knee wrinkles: How Christie Brinkley looks like this at 63 (and don't forget her daily washes with ACID soap)!  Prince Harry's ex Cressida Bonas cuts a demure figure in simple white dress as she cosies up to Olga Kurylenko at Harvey Weinstein's pre-BAFTA bash Trainspotting 2's Anjela Nedyalkova looks leggy in a nude semi-sheer minidress at the Berlinale International Film Festival... after getting naked with Ewan McGregor on set Youthful looking Nicole Kidman, 49, flashes a hint of skin in a quirky polka dot dress with a thigh-high split as she attends Lion premiere in Paris EXCLUSIVE: Beau Ryan's wife Kara shows off her blossoming baby bump in skintight activewear after announcing second pregnancy 'Before kids, eye bags and sleep theft': Fearne Cotton reminisces on girly getaway with Holly Willoughby as she posts throwback snap in honour of her birthday 'I thought about it and I was wrong!' D&G designer Stefano Gabbana backtracks after body-shaming Lady Gaga - and even praises her for being 'real'  Should Jamie Oliver be holding his baby so close to the cooker? Parenting expert's warning over photo of chef with his six-month-old son River Rocket Cooling off! Model Laura Csortan takes adorable three-month-old daughter Layla Rose for a swim during Sydney's heatwave Baby's day out! Chelsea Clinton and husband Marc take son Aidan on an afternoon trip to gourmet food emporium after a morning at a fashion show DENYING she'd run for senate 'It has really knocked him': Outnumbered's Tyger Drew-Honey left devastated after it's revealed his porn star dad Ben Dover has bladder cancer New York's her runway! Kendall Jenner parades much shorter haircut as she struts around town during fashion week Dramatic change The Boy from Oz! Actor Hugh Jackman reveals he STILL gets excited by snow despite years in the US as he braves New York snowstorm Snap in a blizzard Next generation! Sofia Richie shows off her modeling chops as she gets VERY close to Anwar Hadid in Tommy Hilfiger's sultry new denim campaign Well, it's not ALWAYS the happiest place on Earth! Drew Barrymore recalls her daughter Olive's spectacular tantrums at Disney World Bumping along nicely! Ciara protectively strokes her belly in clinging black dress on casual outing in Beverly Hills Pretty pregnant Looking tan-dy! Olivia Culpo and Madison Beer don color-coordinating outfits for Cushnie Et Ochs NYFW show Glimpse of decolletage thanks to a lack of a bra Kate Upton looks prim and proper in pearls and blouse at LAX following claims of 'diva' behavior over Sports Illustrated shoot Keeping it cute 'We're famous, Daddy!' Nick Cannon reveals his struggle to keep five-year-old twins with Mariah Carey grounded Battle to give children a normal childhood 'You're always playing the victim!' Kirk Norcross' ex Holli Willis launches into a tirade on Twitter about 'attention seeking' claims that she doesn't let him see their daughter Drop dead gorgeous! Pamella Roland shows glitzy beading, sheer accents, killer ladylike capes at stunning New York Fashion Week show That's not Selena Gomez! The Weeknd hits pre-Grammy party with a brunette former Miss USA who looks uncannily like his girlfriend Stephen Bear DROPPED from Celebs Go Dating agency and banned from show's launch party because of his 'relationship' with Charlotte Crosby Drew Barrymore's ex Will Kopelman takes daughters for stroll with female companion... after actress admits their divorce was her 'worst nightmare' Getting ready to roll! Irina Shayk reveals her baby bump in grey sweatshirt as she prepares for her little one's arrival with another driving lesson Family trip! Actress Charlize Theron heads through LAX with her children Jackson and August as well as her mother Black and white style It's all in the wrist! Celebrity hairstylist Justine Marjan details the secrets to how she achieves perfectly lived-in waves on clients like Khloe Kardashian Katy Perry on why she's 'given up' caring what people think about her quirky style Pop beauty admits she used to spend hours reading comments Postcard from paradise: Kim Kardashian shares personal photo album of her wet and wild waterfall adventure in Costa Rica  'We are truly blessed': Family rejoice as Jamie Lynn Spears' daughter Maddie, 8, LEAVES hospital six days after girl almost died after flipping ATV into a pond Coronation Street's Catherine Tyldesley displays her long legs and hourglass figure in leather skirt on date night with husband Tom Pitfield 'Your job is to get naked and say lines!' Debra Messing reveals how an award-winning director pressured her to go nude on set - after insisting she needed a nose job Made in Mayfair! Tiffany Watson flaunts her tanned and toned legs in form-fitting white frock as she enjoys glamorous night out in London TOWIE's Kate Wright refuses to namedrop 'new footballer boyfriend Rio Ferdinand in upcoming series as it has nothing to do with the show' Trailer for 'racist' Netflix series Dear White People 'gets a million dislikes in just ONE day' - and sparks customer revolt  Controversial Keanu Reeves looks dapper in a navy suit as he attends the gala screening of his latest flick John Wick in London Killing it  Trainspotting 2's Anjela Nedyalkova looks leggy in skintight black dress at Berlinale International Film Festival... after getting naked with Ewan McGregor in steamy scenes Oh so chic! Olivia Culpo and Nicky Hilton turn heads in black at white at LANYU Couture runway show The biggest names in fashion turn out 'Um, photoshop gone wrong': Fans accuse Charlotte Crosby of heavily doctoring her Insta post as she poses in lycra in front of 'very wonky skirting board'  'So proud' Jennifer Ellison parades her newly-svelte figure in tiny sports bra as she drops a whopping four dress sizes in just three months How the West Wing was won: Kellyanne Conway dresses in head-to-toe leather day after travel ban ruling (and drops $6k on her boots and purse alone) Cinema says it won't let men in to watch Fifty Shades Darker 'until we see if women can control themselves'  Too steamy for the ladies? Fifty Shades of Demure! Dakota Johnson cuts a casual figure in chic fur-trimmed overcoat as she jets out of London for her next movie premiere BEL MOONEY: My life's been ruined by my lover's tangle of lies Advice for a woman who moved to the Midlands to be with a man - only to learn he was having casual sex with others. What happened to Sarah? How Fergie's now calling herself Margaret York and trying to run a business empire from a hotel bar  Little Minxes! Jesy Nelson flaunts her incredible abs in a plunging sports bra... as Jade Thirlwall shows off her slender figure in a racy tour costume She's gone all Sporty Spice: Victoria Beckham wears head to toe Adidas in show of support to brand ambassador husband David following scandal Effortlessly chic! Model Jessica Hart flashes a hint of cleavage as she goes BRALESS in plunging black outfit at New York Fashion Week 'Sticky as hell!' Atomic Kitten pose for a busty photo as they get hot and sweaty on the Melbourne leg of their reunion tour... as Kerry Katona bounces back after her mystery illness Suddenly shy? Rita Ora wraps up in oversized shearling coat as she heads to Heathrow airport... after flashing underboob at Fifty Shades Darker premiere 'You need company': Grieving Debbie McGee hints that she's ready to find love again as she tries to 'keep busy' a year after husband Paul Daniels' death Baby's first Chanel: Rob Kardashian posts sweet snap of baby Dream wearing designer outfit as she turns three months old Alec Baldwin roasts Ivanka Trump during Tonight Show saying he bought his suit from her collection for '95 per cent off' amid Nordstrom fiasco Free the nipple! Raf Simons sends his models down the runway at New York Fashion Week in risque SEE-THROUGH sweaters as he debuts his first Calvin Klein collection Brielle Biermann enjoys a sweet early Valentine's Day celebration with boyfriend Michael Kopech and wins 'best girlfriend' award Revenge is best served HOT! Khloe Kardashian proudly models her ripped body in mirror selfie after officially dropping Odom from her name 'We connected really quickly:' Gigi Hadid reveals she tried struggled to play it cool after falling hard for Zayn when they first met Richard Gere, 67, and girlfriend Alejandra Silva, 33, pucker up on the red carpet as they put on a besotted display at the Berlin Film Festival Oh, what beautiful morning! Leighton Meester, Camilla Belle and Victoria Justice flock to Russian Tea Room for Kate Spade NYFW show Millie Bobby Brown joins the A-list front row fashion set at Calvin Klein after being named the new face of the designer brand at just 12 Seeking frills! Alexa Chung flaunts her long lean figure as she braves the cold in chic crochet dress to attend Calvin Klein show during New York Fashion Week Love you, baby! Maksim Chmerkovskiy kisses Peta Murgatroyd at fashion show as they take a night off parent duty one month after birth of son  While Kate Spade unveils a Paris-inspired 2017 collection with the help of Victoria Justice, Tanya Taylor serves up intricate pieces for the modern gal Golden girls! Gwyneth Paltrow and Sarah Jessica Parker rock autumnal colors for Calvin Klein's Fall Winter show at NYFW Naomie Harris is the picture of elegance in checked trousers and chic white coat as she makes glamorous arrival at Calvin Klein NYFW show Ex On The Beach's Chloe Goodman flaunts her ample assets and peachy bottom in a tiny mismatched bikini as she hits the pool in Tenerife 'You can't be obese and happy': Super-slimmer Tina Malone claims true joy comes from being thin... but Chantelle Houghton says 'life is too short' The Grammys' 'trophy girls' who dish out the awards now include a transgender woman and a man  Martina Robledo, Derek Marrocco, Hollin Haley will be the 3 handlers 'I'd like to have kids... but I need a guy!' Sophie Monk reveals hopes of having a baby THIS YEAR and is open to being a single mum 'if it got to that' 'She's very shaken up': Love Island's Olivia Buckland left in hospital after hitting her head in petrifying car crash Sustained an injury to her head  How Kate took ten years off her face: The Duchess has ditched her heavy eyeliner, and matte foundation since turning 35 (and looks a decade younger) MY HAVEN - Martin Roberts: The Homes Under The Hammer host, 53, in his tree house (and radio studio) in Somerset  She plays Governor Hildur Odegard in Sky Atlantic's dark drama Fortitude and here Sofie Grabol talks us through a week on the show's set... Tony Blackburn will make his triumphant return to Radio 2 for a 6am Saturday job one year after his sacking  Sounds Of The 60s I'm not Radio Gaga, legendary DJ Brian Matthew tells JANE FRYER after he briefly fell ill and was abruptly pensioned off from the BBC following 63 years with the corporation  It's celebrity walkies! Well-known faces walk their dogs in stunning locations and telling us as much about the owners as the beauty spots Bill Oddie wouldn't do yoga, Sheila Ferguson had a date and Miriam Stoppard couldn't surrender to the spirituality. Yes, The Real Marigold Hotel is back Natural beauty! Makeup-free Pia Miller shares 'grumpy selfie' ahead of early morning shoot and STILL looks stunning The Germans won the war and Britain is under occupation. That's the idea behind new TV drama SS-GB - and its dystopian vision is utterly chilling: Welcome to Nazi Britain  Terry Pratchett's final fantasy: The late literary legend recorded his innermost thoughts before he passed away in 2015 - now actor Paul Kaye's brought them to life in a moving film After a tantalising star turn in The Night Manager, Elizabeth Debicki returns to British TV in Australian alien abduction thriller The Kettering Incident Fancy seeing you here! Lily-Rose Depp bumps into her pal Tallulah Willis at popular LA lunch spot The two friends met unexpectedly Richard Gere and his co-star Laura Linney cosy up to each other on the red carpet for new film The Dinner at the 67th Berlinale International Film Festival Whoopi Goldberg reveals she didn't realise how much she depended on her mother and brother as she discusses their deaths on Loose Women EXCLUSIVE: 'We had SEX in Buckingham Palace toilets': Steve Jones admits to a very naughty regal romp with his wife Phylicia Her pride and joy! Teresa Palmer shares adorable snap of her sons Bodhi Rain and Forest Sage as she gushes over the baby's 'new chatter' Picking up a present for the grandchildren? Amal Clooney's mum is pictured heading into a children's bookshop as it's revealed the couple are expecting twins Blondes have more fun! Allison Williams shows off platinum hair at LA screening of Get Out with director Jordan Peele and co-stars Kate Moss flashes her racy leather bra as she unbuttons her shirt during dinner in London... before heading home in the early hours bleary-eyed She'll catch her death! Braless Ashley James puts on a VERY busty display as she showcases her ample cleavage in plunging pink knitwear Time to chill! Geordie Shore newbie Zahida Allen braves snowy conditions in TINY plunging mini dress as she enjoys girls' night at French ski resort 'My heart is broken!' Twitter goes into mourning as Kris Marshall bids an emotional farewell to Death In Paradise Charli Sexy-X! Popstar puts on very busty display in plunging bralet and tiny shorts as she performs new single on Jimmy Kimmel Live 'She threw me off!': Maria Shriver gets flustered after Lena Dunham says the word penis during live interview on Today show Take a bow! Solange Knowles shows off a hint of cleavage in quirky plunging blazer at the Black Women in Music event in Hollywood  So wild! Sofia Vergara wears zebra print blouse as she films Modern Family with Ed O'Neill In character as Gloria during a shoot day 'It's got a life of its own!' Linda Robson has Loose Women panel in stitches as she fails to switch off sex toy and mistakes nipple tassels for earrings PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Tyga's ex Demi Rose sizzles in racy red lace lingerie for sexy Valentine's Day shoot as she reveals plans to move to America Shia LaBeouf's anti-Trump museum exhibit is shut down after becoming a 'flashpoint for violence' He Will Not Divide Us exhibit Tara Palmer-Tomkinson's family reveal she 'died peacefully in her sleep' as heartbroken sister visits tragic socialite's £1.6million apartment  Lisa Appleton flashes her very ample assets whilst flexing her muscles in Wonder Woman-inspired gym wear by the seaside in Blackpool 'There was a baby boom!' Jamie Dornan admits erotic Fifty Shades sex scenes with Dakota Johnson led to pregnancy surge 'You're going to cry again': Eamonn Holmes reminds emotional Ruth Langsford of how he asked her mum for hand in marriage during her dad's dementia battle Aidan Turner puffs away on a cigarette before he resumes filming with Eleanor Tomlinson for Poldark season three EastEnders' Jack Branning can't contain his grief-fuelled rage as it's revealed what really caused Ronnie and Roxy Mitchell's deaths Seething with rage  Not wanted! NeNe Leakes and Kim Zolciak's return to RHOA angers co-stars amid pay cut concerns Sure to be explosive Fresh fears for Mischa Barton as she is seen drinking, smoking and partying until 3am just weeks after shocking 'meltdown'  Pictured drinking 'Amal's twins and Beyonce's twins will sit on the thrones of Narnia': Twitter reacts to George Clooney baby news Double the joy! 'Caught early it's very curable': Pointless host Alexander Armstrong undergoes testicular cancer test in front of millions on This Morning Praised by viewers  Sheer daring! Kendall Jenner bares pert derriere in see-through gown as she hits catwalk for La Perla NYFW show Sheer style 'Everything I could possibly ever want on my birthday': Make-up free Holly Willoughby poses for a rare snap with her three children as she turns 36 Could it be a trio of pregnancies for The Hills? Speidi fuel rumours they are expecting as they congratulate Whitney Port and Lauren Conrad 'He thinks he can win in every discipline' Davina McCall on Spencer Matthews' cocky attitude on The Jump... and his co-stars plan to 'take him down' '27 weeks and 2 days': Pregnant Love Island star Cally Jane Beech excitedly shares picture of her growing baby bump as she poses in her underwear  Mini Moyles! Radio DJ Chris showcases his jaw-dropping five stone weight loss at the opening of Jamie Oliver's new restaurant in London Save the breast for last! Courtney Stodden sizzles in plunging bodysuit as she showcases major sideboob at pre-Grammys bash in LA Death in Paradise star whose shorts have made her a hit with viewers entertains Twitter with live episode updates (and responds to their flirty posts) 'I'm just gutted I'm not allowed to see you': Kirk Norcross shares heart-wrenching video with daughter  on her first birthday...amid claims ex is blocking access LEAFing little to the imagination! Charlotte McKinney flaunts her eye-popping cleavage in a sheer top as she accessorises with a quirky clutch When she's feeling blue: Selma Blair flaunts her legs in a patterned mini and a matching pyjama-style ensemble as she mixed up her look throughout the day Rosie Huntington-Whiteley, 29, finally confirms she's PREGNANT with fiance Jason Statham, 49, as she shares burgeoning bikini bump snap  'Looking hot in those kinky boots this morning!' Twitter goes wild for Lorraine Kelly's patent leather knee-highs on TV show It's Ferry slippy! Geordie Shore's Chloe takes a tumble on the ice alongside cast mate Marnie Simpson as they continue to film new series in Tignes Brooklyn Beckham heads out for a night out on the town amid father David's email hacking scandal Heading to Mayfair It was never meant to workout! Jamie O'Hara endures gruelling personal training session... after dumping CBB love interest Bianca Gascoigne EastEnders suffers another epic gaffe when stagehand wanders into Aunt Babe and Sylvie's dramatic scene A man in a high vis jacket was in shot Lady in leather! Smiling Queen Maxima of the Netherlands steps out in an edgy plum pencil skirt on a visit to a design school in east Germany  TayTay Starhz continues to cash in on THAT kiss with Zoe Ball as he claims he helped cause the end of her marriage to Norman Cook  Can YOU identify these stars from just their lips? Scientists say plump pouts like the Kardashians' aren't the most desirable while Holly Willoughby has a perfect pair Awkward! Suits stars Rick Hoffman and Sarah Rafferty dodge question about co-star Meghan Markle and Prince Harry on The Project Such a (Suga)babe! Heidi Range oozes glamour in a lace jumpsuit as she enjoys a theatre date night with hunky husband at the Carole King Musical It's official! George Clooney, 55, and pregnant wife Amal, 39, finally confirm rumours they are expecting TWINS Due in June 50 shades duller! (And as erotic as a bluebottle landing on your bottom): BRIAN VINER gives his verdict on the sequel Even more pale and at times downright limp 'Just perfect': Peter Andre shares intimate breastfeeding snap of wife Emily MacDonagh... as they hint at solidarity for Tamara Ecclestone following her rant When Hermione fell for Voldemort... Hilarious Beauty and The Beast spoof trailer sees Emma Watson's Belle fall in love with Harry Potter's evil nemesis Revealed: The punishing regime that saw DJ Chris Moyles ditch pizza for quinoa and the radio chair for running to shed a whopping FIVE STONE   With their drunken orgies, the sexually voracious Wizard Of Oz Munchkins turned to whoring, pimping and other crimes   Exposed 'I'm putting my pyjamas on': Katie Price teases she won't be getting X-rated with husband Kieran Hayler after watching steamy Fifty Shades Darker 'Every day I want more drugs': Friends reveal tragic Tara's struggle with addiction in her final months as sister tells of her heartbreak Tragic death Throwback Thursday! Zayn Malik channels James Dean with edgy shearling jacket and classic quiff at Billboard Power 100 celebration Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy   Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Gastar Exploration Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Gastar Exploration Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Werner Enterprises, Inc. (WERN) Upgraded to Hold by Stifel Nicolaus Banco Santander-Chile (BSAC) Rating Lowered to Sell at Zacks Investment Research Minerva Advisors LLC Raises Position in State Auto Financial Corporation (STFC) Honkamp Krueger Financial Services Inc. ADV Takes Position in OGE Energy Corporation (OGE) Honkamp Krueger Financial Services Inc. ADV Buys New Stake in PacWest Bancorp (PACW) 4,840 Shares in Level 3 Communications, Inc. (LVLT) Acquired by Honkamp Krueger Financial Services Inc. ADV Honkamp Krueger Financial Services Inc. ADV Buys New Stake in CA, Inc. (CA) Honkamp Krueger Financial Services Inc. ADV Invests $231,000 in TIER REIT Inc (TIER) 234,023 Shares in Mentor Graphics Corporation (MENT) Acquired by ARP Americas LLC Needham & Company LLC Raises Medidata Solutions Inc (MDSO) Price Target to $65.00 Stockman Wealth Management Inc. Has $470,000 Position in Safety Insurance Group, Inc. (SAFT) Prudential PLC Holds Stake in Tahoe Resources Inc (TAHO) Prudential PLC Has $82,404,000 Position in Diamond Offshore Drilling, Inc. (DO) 15,550 Shares in Apollo Commercial Real Estate Finance (ARI) Acquired by Stockman Wealth Management Inc. GW Pharmaceuticals PLC (GWPH) Shares Bought by Prudential PLC Van ECK Associates Corp Boosts Position in Core Laboratories N.V. (CLB) Netols Asset Management Inc. Sells 4,730 Shares of CIRCOR International, Inc. (CIR) Netols Asset Management Inc. Has $5,253,000 Position in U.S. Physical Therapy, Inc. (USPH) Alethea Capital Management LLC Invests $2,055,000 in Garmin Ltd. (GRMN) Spectrum Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (SPPI) Stake Maintained by Alethea Capital Management LLC Gastar Exploration Inc (GST) Receives Average Recommendation of “Buy” from Brokerages February 10th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Trevor Kearing Filed Under: Consensus Rating Articles - Finance Tweet Shares of Gastar Exploration Inc (NYSEMKT:GST) have been assigned an average recommendation of “Buy” from the fourteen ratings firms that are covering the company. One investment analyst has rated the stock with a sell recommendation, six have given a hold recommendation, five have given a buy recommendation and two have assigned a strong buy recommendation to the company. The average 12-month target price among brokerages that have issued ratings on the stock in the last year is $1.75. A number of analysts have commented on the stock. FBR & Co reaffirmed a “market perform” rating and set a $1.00 target price (down from $1.50) on shares of Gastar Exploration in a report on Monday, November 7th. Williams Capital raised shares of Gastar Exploration from a “hold” rating to a “strong-buy” rating and increased their price objective for the stock from $1.25 to $2.00 in a research note on Thursday, October 20th. Canaccord Genuity set a $2.00 price objective on shares of Gastar Exploration and gave the stock a “strong-buy” rating in a research note on Monday, October 24th. Seaport Global Securities raised shares of Gastar Exploration from a “buy” rating to a “strong-buy” rating in a research note on Tuesday, October 25th. Finally, Zacks Investment Research raised shares of Gastar Exploration from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $1.75 price objective for the company in a research note on Monday, January 16th. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION NOTICE: “Gastar Exploration Inc (GST) Receives Average Recommendation of “Buy” from Brokerages” was originally posted by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are viewing this report on another publication, it was stolen and reposted in violation of U.S. and international copyright & trademark laws. The legal version of this report can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/02/10/gastar-exploration-inc-gst-receives-average-recommendation-of-buy-from-brokerages.html. A number of institutional investors have recently added to or reduced their stakes in the stock. Northpointe Capital LLC raised its stake in Gastar Exploration by 10.4% in the third quarter. Northpointe Capital LLC now owns 7,182,865 shares of the energy company’s stock valued at $6,068,000 after buying an additional 675,923 shares during the period. GLG Partners LP purchased a new stake in Gastar Exploration during the second quarter valued at about $2,992,000. Ardsley Advisory Partners purchased a new stake in Gastar Exploration during the third quarter valued at about $1,922,000. JPMorgan Chase & Co. raised its stake in Gastar Exploration by 101,052.0% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 1,663,951 shares of the energy company’s stock valued at $1,406,000 after buying an additional 1,662,306 shares during the period. Finally, Oasis Management Co Ltd. purchased a new stake in Gastar Exploration during the second quarter valued at about $1,356,000. Gastar Exploration (NYSEMKT:GST) opened at 1.85 on Friday. The firm’s 50-day moving average is $1.63 and its 200 day moving average is $1.19. Gastar Exploration has a 12 month low of $0.57 and a 12 month high of $2.21. The firm’s market capitalization is $239.21 million. About Gastar Exploration Gastar Exploration Ltd (Gastar) is an independent energy company engaged in the exploration, development and production of natural gas and oil in the United States. The Company’s principal business activities include the identification, acquisition, and subsequent exploration and development of natural gas and oil properties with an emphasis on unconventional reserves, such as shale resource plays. Receive News & Ratings for Gastar Exploration Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Gastar Exploration Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News White House Announces Conway Was Counseled Warren Receives Support After GOP Formally Silences Her Report: Trump Was Not Completely Briefed on Bannon NSC Seat Justice Department Will Challenge Stop to Travel Ban President Trump Cancels Harley-Davidson Trip Due to Possible Protests © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Digital Trends Home > Press Releases > DigitalTrends.com Sets Record Year in 2016 With… DigitalTrends.com Sets Record Year in 2016 With 295 Million Readers, Over 40% Revenue Growth By Aub Driver — February 7, 2017 6:05 AM Share Don't Fall Behind Stay current with a recap of today's Tech News from Digital Trends PORTLAND, Ore., February 7, 2017 – Top line revenue at leading technology publisher Digital Trends (www.DigitalTrends.com) has exceeded expectations, hitting a 40 percent increase over 2015, the media company announced today. The site’s yearly active user base has jumped to 295M readers with 30M unique visitors per month garnering over 1 billion page views in 2016 – a 43 percent gain over 2015. “One billion page views is a massive accomplishment for us,” said Digital Trends CEO and publisher Ian Bell.  “I’m incredibly proud of our team.  We’ve spent the past year publishing the best content that I’ve read in our now eleven years online, investing in our staff, and building a strong company culture.” 2016 also saw the launch of Digital Trends original video and event series, including TechPop, which serves to bring pop-up style tech activations to local communities allowing consumers to engage with new gadgets. The company also saw record video views in 2016 which was attributed to the launch of original series and shows like DT Daily, Trends with Benefits.  Custom programs, such as The Holiday Survival Guide, which are produced in-house through DT Design, saw a significant increase as well.  Additionally, Digital Trends social media audience growth was an astonishing 181 percent over 2015 year to year. “We’ve put a major focus into our editorial strategy for 2017,” added Digital Trends Editor in Chief Jeremy Kaplan.  “With the tremendous growth we saw last year, we’re making sure we are delivering quality coverage on all the elements and events of consumer tech that people want to know about. It’s always been about tech for the way we live.” Entering its 11th year, DigitalTrends.com delivered end-to-end coverage of CES 2017 in Las Vegas including hosting 30 hours of live streaming video content and publishing over 500 articles.  Digital Trends “Top Tech” awards were presented to brands for a fifth time at CES 2017 and the next set of awards will be presented at Mobile World Congress in Barcelona later this month. In fall 2016, Digital Trends entered a new banking relationship with JP Morgan Chase, allowing for the growth of their advertising network with exclusive partnerships with sites like BoingBoing and several other new clients. About Digital Trends Digital Trends is a leading consumer technology publisher helping people navigate an increasingly digital world. With easy-to-understand product reviews, entertaining news and videos, Digital Trends serves more than 30 million unique visitors each month. Digital Trends reaches 90 million tech influencers through their own media network, and its syndicate partners include Yahoo!, FOX News and more than 200 broadcast news stations. Digital Trends is headquartered in Portland, OR with offices in New York City, San Francisco, Los Angeles, Detroit, and Chicago. For more information, visit www.digitaltrends.com. Follow us @digitaltrends on Twitter | digitaltrendsftw on Facebook | @digitaltrends on Instagram # # #
Skip to main content Sat, Feb 11, 2017 Banking & Finance » BT All News Weekly News Home Breaking Today's Paper Opinion SME Lifestyle Infographics Videos Focus Blogs Mags Hub E-Paper News News HomeBreakingToday's PaperOpinionSMELifestyleInfographicsVideosFocusBlogsMagsHubE-Paper All News Top StoriesCompanies & MarketsStocksReal EstateBanking & FinanceEnergy & CommoditiesTechnologyConsumerTransportGovernment & EconomyOpinionLife & Culture Weekly Views From the TopYoung Investors' ForumDining OutSMEExecutive MoneyThe Raffles ConversationBrunchInvesting & Wealth Lifestyle Lifestyle Lifestyle HomeF&BArtsMoviesMusicDesignStyleTravelWellnessCarsGadgets FeatureWeekend InterviewCity BuzzReviewsJaimEEatsHauntNostalgia You are here Home > Banking & Finance Bain to seek US$1b for its first Asia-focused credit fund: sources Friday, February 10, 2017 - 19:01 [HONG KONG] Bain Capital is planning its first Asia-focused credit fund, seeking to raise US$1 billion to capitalise on distressed debt and direct lending opportunities as banks dispose of those assets and operations, people familiar with the plans told Reuters. The move would double the private equity firm's presence in credit-related investments in the region as it also has about US$1 billion in distressed debt and so-called special situations transactions done through its global funds. Indian and Chinese banks in particular are looking to dispose of billions of dollars in soured loans to real estate and mining projects, manufacturing plants and industrial conglomerates. Bain is one of the world's largest private managers of credit and fixed income instruments with about $30 billion invested in those assets. The planned doubling of its Asia credit exposure underscores what Bain and other distressed debt players like Oaktree Capital Group LLC see as huge opportunity to expand in the region. Powered by GET.com The Boston-based firm plans to launch the new fund in the first half of 2017 and will focus mostly on special situations, the people said. SEE ALSO: Bain, PAG Asia mull bids for air-bag supplier Takata Special situations refer to event-driven investments such as bets on companies that are distressed, the target of a takeover or whose assets will be spun off. Bain is "laying the groundwork for the fund, given the size of the opportunities and the pipeline of potential deals," said one of the people, who declined to be identified because details of the fund have not been made public. Bain declined to comment. Bain's investments in the region include buying loan books from JPMorgan Chase & Co, Lloyds Banking Group and Standard Chartered in Asia. The firm last May completed the purchase of GE Capital's commercial lending and leasing portfolios in Australia and New Zealand in a deal valued at about US$1.2 billion. Bain also has a partnership with Indian conglomerate Piramal Enterprises Ltd that is looking to invest more than $1 billion in distressed assets in India over the next few years. "Any private equity firm in the world that has a credit franchise is growing that part of the business, is investing in the theme, is creating different products in credit and is trying to become much more global," said a large investor in private equity firms who has invested in Bain's funds. The investor declined to be identified. Asia-focused private debt funds raised about US$2 billion in 2016, a fraction of the US$76 billion raised globally, according to data provider Preqin. The previous year was a record for private debt fundraising globally with US$96 billion, with Asia-focused funds taking in US$7.1 billion. "Credit, not just in China, but regionally, is an area that seems to have a huge tailwind. The factors that are in play in China, which is that banks are increasingly unwilling to lend to small and medium sized enterprises, are at play elsewhere," said one of the people familiar with Bain's plans. REUTERS Sign up for BT Newsletters Please wait Terms & Conditions Banking & Finance Ex-AIG chief Greenberg settles, admits approving fraud 7:28 AM US dollar rises on hopes for Trump tax reform 6:39 AM DBS Group selling PwC Building to Manulife 5:50 AM DBS launches one-stop wealth management app 5:50 AM Deutsche Boerse warns against hasty changes to US banking rules 8:53 PM Bitcoin trading shrivels under Chinese government's glare 7:23 PM Breaking News 2:30 pm Throngs vow to vote for Muslim leaders in Jakarta election 2:28 pm Update: 4 dead after strong quake shakes southern Philippines 1:24 pm China expels 32 South Korea missionaries amid missile defence tension 12:40 pm Australia battles 50 fires in heat wave, sparking warning, blackout fears 12:22 pm Hundreds of immigrants arrested in 'routine' US enforcement surge 10:40 am Amazon warns that trade protectionism could hurt business 10:23 am Germany says US demand for more Nato burden-sharing is 'fair' 9:39 am Skepticism over Trump's 'wall' cost simmers among Democrats, border Republican 9:19 am Brazil's former richest man to stand trial on corruption charges 8:55 am Trump says considering 'brand new' immigration order Most Read 1 Will banks back Ezra in JV 'writedown'? 2 Uber rebuts reports that close to 1,000 of its cars idling in carparks 3 Surbana's actions in axing staff not acceptable: Swee Say 4 Lippo-linked group makes S$103m offer for Healthway Medical 5 Update: Riady-linked Silver Creek mounts takeover of Auric Pacific at S$1.65/shr Powered by GET.com subscribe to The Business Times Stay connected with The Business Times premium content on your favourite platforms CALL 6388 3838 Find Out More Download Our Apps Stay up to date with The Business Times for iPhone | iPad | Android Stay Updated Get the latest news and information from BT newsletters for free: Breakfast Brief every morning Daily Debrief every evening Please wait Terms & Conditions News Home Breaking Today's Paper Opinion SME Lifestyle Infographics Videos Focus Blogs Mags Hub E-Paper News Top Stories Companies & Markets Stocks Real Estate Banking & Finance Energy & Commodities Technology Consumer Transport Government & Economy Opinion Life & Culture Weekly Views From the Top Young Investors' Forum Dining Out SME Executive Money The Raffles Conversation Brunch Investing & Wealth Lifestyle Lifestyle Home F&B Arts Movies Music Design Style Travel Wellness Cars Gadgets Feature Weekend Interview City Buzz Reviews JaimEEats Haunt Nostalgia Facebook Twitter Instagram Linkedin RSS E-paper PRINT ARCHIVE Mon Tue Wed Thu Fri Sat About Us Contact Us Help Terms & Conditions SPH Websites Data Protection Policy SPH Digital News © 2017 SINGAPORE PRESS HOLDINGS LTD. REGN NO. 198402668E
Toggle navigation Toggle navigation Home Samachar News Budget 2017 SPORTS Movies Bawarchi Astrology Videos Gold rates DUBAI GOLD RATES RUPEE Jobs Health Antzill Techtalk Web Sify Search Sify.com Finance Exclusive: Bain to seek $1 billion for its first Asia-focused credit fund - sources Exclusive: Bain to seek $1 billion for its first Asia-focused credit fund - sources Source : Last Updated: Fri, Feb 10, 2017 16:24 hrs Tweet Mail Print By Elzio Barreto HONG KONG (Reuters) - Bain Capital is planning its first Asia-focused credit fund, seeking to raise $1 billion to capitalise on distressed debt and direct lending opportunities as banks dispose of those assets and operations, people familiar with the plans told Reuters. The move would double the private equity firm's presence in credit-related investments in the region as it also has about $1 billion in distressed debt and so-called special situations transactions done through its global funds. Indian and Chinese banks in particular are looking to dispose of billions of dollars in soured loans to real estate and mining projects, manufacturing plants and industrial conglomerates. Bain is one of the world's largest private managers of credit and fixed income instruments with about $30 billion invested in those assets. The planned doubling of its Asia credit exposure underscores what Bain and other distressed debt players like Oaktree Capital Group LLC see as huge opportunity to expand in the region. The Boston-based firm plans to launch the new fund in the first half of 2017 and will focus mostly on special situations, the people said. Special situations refer to event-driven investments such as bets on companies that are distressed, the target of a takeover or whose assets will be spun off. Bain is "laying the groundwork for the fund, given the size of the opportunities and the pipeline of potential deals," said one of the people, who declined to be identified because details of the fund have not been made public. Bain declined to comment. Bain's investments in the region include buying loan books from JPMorgan Chase & Co, Lloyds Banking Group and Standard Chartered in Asia. The firm last May completed the purchase of GE Capital's commercial lending and leasing portfolios in Australia and New Zealand in a deal valued at about $1.2 billion. Bain also has a partnership with Indian conglomerate Piramal Enterprises Ltd that is looking to invest more than $1 billion in distressed assets in India over the next few years. "Any private equity firm in the world that has a credit franchise is growing that part of the business, is investing in the theme, is creating different products in credit and is trying to become much more global," said a large investor in private equity firms who has invested in Bain's funds. The investor declined to be identified. Asia-focused private debt funds raised about $2 billion in 2016, a fraction of the $76 billion raised globally, according to data provider Preqin. The previous year was a record for private debt fundraising globally with $96 billion, with Asia-focused funds taking in $7.1 billion. "Credit, not just in China, but regionally, is an area that seems to have a huge tailwind. The factors that are in play in China, which is that banks are increasingly unwilling to lend to small and medium sized enterprises, are at play elsewhere," said one of the people familiar with Bain's plans. (Reporting by Elzio Barreto; Editing by Edwina Gibbs) SEARCH More from Sify: gold rate silver rate   Cities   Price (10g)   Gold Rate in Chennai   Rs. 28120.00 (-0.46%)   Gold Rate in Mumbai   Rs. 28830.00 (0.8%)   Gold Rate in Delhi   Rs. 28700.00 (0.35%)   Gold Rate in Kolkata   Rs. 28440.00 (-0.59%)   Gold Rate in Kerala   Rs. 27600.00 (-0.36%)   Gold Rate in Bangalore   Rs. 27750.00 (0%)   Gold Rate in Hyderabad   Rs. 28250.00 (-0.07%) more   Cities   Price (1 kg)   Silver Rate in Chennai   Rs. 41835.00 (-0.7%)   Silver Rate in Mumbai   Rs. 41835.00 (-0.7%)   Silver Rate in Delhi   Rs. 41835.00 (-0.7%)   Silver Rate in Kolkata   Rs. 41835.00 (-0.7%)   Silver Rate in Kerala   Rs. 41835.00 (-0.7%) more talking point on sify finance About Us Data Center Cloud Computing Servers Cloud Applications Hosting MPLS VPN Network Services Disclaimer Privacy Policy Careers Feedback Advertise Digital © Copyright Sify Technologies Ltd, 1998-2017. All rights reserved
Home Mail Search News Cricket Movies Lifestyle Celebrity Flickr Mobile Answers More Yahoo Search Search Mail News Home Follow us State Elections 2017 National World Finance Cricket Lifestyle Sports Videos Autos Exclusive: Bain to seek $1 billion for its first Asia-focused credit fund - sources By Elzio Barreto Reuters10 February 2017 Reblog Share Tweet Share By Elzio Barreto HONG KONG (Reuters) - Bain Capital is planning its first Asia-focused credit fund, seeking to raise $1 billion to capitalise on distressed debt and direct lending opportunities as banks dispose of those assets and operations, people familiar with the plans told Reuters. The move would double the private equity firm's presence in credit-related investments in the region as it also has about $1 billion in distressed debt and so-called special situations transactions done through its global funds. Indian and Chinese banks in particular are looking to dispose of billions of dollars in soured loans to real estate and mining projects, manufacturing plants and industrial conglomerates. Bain is one of the world's largest private managers of credit and fixed income instruments with about $30 billion invested in those assets. The planned doubling of its Asia credit exposure underscores what Bain and other distressed debt players like Oaktree Capital Group LLC see as huge opportunity to expand in the region. The Boston-based firm plans to launch the new fund in the first half of 2017 and will focus mostly on special situations, the people said. Special situations refer to event-driven investments such as bets on companies that are distressed, the target of a takeover or whose assets will be spun off. Bain is "laying the groundwork for the fund, given the size of the opportunities and the pipeline of potential deals," said one of the people, who declined to be identified because details of the fund have not been made public. Bain declined to comment. Bain's investments in the region include buying loan books from JPMorgan Chase & Co, Lloyds Banking Group and Standard Chartered in Asia. The firm last May completed the purchase of GE Capital's commercial lending and leasing portfolios in Australia and New Zealand in a deal valued at about $1.2 billion. Bain also has a partnership with Indian conglomerate Piramal Enterprises Ltd that is looking to invest more than $1 billion in distressed assets in India over the next few years. "Any private equity firm in the world that has a credit franchise is growing that part of the business, is investing in the theme, is creating different products in credit and is trying to become much more global," said a large investor in private equity firms who has invested in Bain's funds. The investor declined to be identified. Asia-focused private debt funds raised about $2 billion in 2016, a fraction of the $76 billion raised globally, according to data provider Preqin. The previous year was a record for private debt fundraising globally with $96 billion, with Asia-focused funds taking in $7.1 billion. "Credit, not just in China, but regionally, is an area that seems to have a huge tailwind. The factors that are in play in China, which is that banks are increasingly unwilling to lend to small and medium sized enterprises, are at play elsewhere," said one of the people familiar with Bain's plans. (Reporting by Elzio Barreto; Editing by Edwina Gibbs) Reblog Share Tweet Share What to read next CLICKED: Sussanne Khan Exits A Party Holding Hrithik Roshan’s Hand! Spotboye A $500 Credit Card Intro Bonus Has Been Announced NextAdvisorSponsored First-ever solar power plant commissioned in Jorhat Ani Alia Bhatt’s Former Classmate Makes Some SHOCKING Confessions! Business of Cinema Jaipur teacher arrested for making explicit videos, extorting money from his students Ani 7 Outrageous Cards For Those With Excellent Credit NextAdvisorSponsored Can You Find The 6-Foot Snake Hiding In This Photo? Esquire After 25 Years! Shah Rukh Khan And Aamir Khan’s This Selfie Photo Is Breaking The Internet! Business of Cinema Panneerselvam vs Sasikala: 7 most important developments since last night you should know India Today Discover wants to match your first-year cash back Discover CardSponsored Railway traffic halted as crack found on track Ani Change this security setting on WhatsApp right now Mashable Tech Yahoo Movies Review: Jolly LLB 2 Movies with Rummana Liberty Mutual Insurance Liberty Mutual InsuranceSponsored The astrology of attraction by Astroyogi Astroyogi 'Naam Shabana' is prequel to 'Baby', says Manoj Bajpayee Ani Help Privacy Suggestions Terms
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad Bain to seek $1 bln for its first Asia-focused credit fund -sources By Reuters Published: 05:40 EST, 10 February 2017 | Updated: 05:40 EST, 10 February 2017 e-mail By Elzio Barreto HONG KONG, Feb 10 (Reuters) - Bain Capital is planning its first Asia-focused credit fund, seeking to raise $1 billion to capitalise on distressed debt and direct lending opportunities as banks dispose of those assets and operations, people familiar with the plans told Reuters. The move would double the private equity firm's presence in credit-related investments in the region as it also has about $1 billion in distressed debt and so-called special situations transactions done through its global funds. Indian and Chinese banks in particular are looking to dispose of billions of dollars in soured loans to real estate and mining projects, manufacturing plants and industrial conglomerates. Bain is one of the world's largest private managers of credit and fixed income instruments with about $30 billion invested in those assets. The planned doubling of its Asia credit exposure underscores what Bain and other distressed debt players like Oaktree Capital Group LLC see as huge opportunity to expand in the region. The Boston-based firm plans to launch the new fund in the first half of 2017 and will focus mostly on special situations, the people said. Special situations refer to event-driven investments such as bets on companies that are distressed, the target of a takeover or whose assets will be spun off. Bain is "laying the groundwork for the fund, given the size of the opportunities and the pipeline of potential deals," said one of the people, who declined to be identified because details of the fund have not been made public. Bain declined to comment. Bain's investments in the region include buying loan books from JPMorgan Chase & Co, Lloyds Banking Group and Standard Chartered in Asia. The firm last May completed the purchase of GE Capital's commercial lending and leasing portfolios in Australia and New Zealand in a deal valued at about $1.2 billion. Bain also has a partnership with Indian conglomerate Piramal Enterprises Ltd that is looking to invest more than $1 billion in distressed assets in India over the next few years. "Any private equity firm in the world that has a credit franchise is growing that part of the business, is investing in the theme, is creating different products in credit and is trying to become much more global," said a large investor in private equity firms who has invested in Bain's funds. The investor declined to be identified. Asia-focused private debt funds raised about $2 billion in 2016, a fraction of the $76 billion raised globally, according to data provider Preqin. The previous year was a record for private debt fundraising globally with $96 billion, with Asia-focused funds taking in $7.1 billion. "Credit, not just in China, but regionally, is an area that seems to have a huge tailwind. The factors that are in play in China, which is that banks are increasingly unwilling to lend to small and medium sized enterprises, are at play elsewhere," said one of the people familiar with Bain's plans. (Reporting by Elzio Barreto; Editing by Edwina Gibbs) Share or comment on this article e-mail Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS That's cheeky! Calvin Klein plays This is Not America and Mexican immigrant designer sends 'f*** your wall' underwear down the runway as New York Fashion Week gets political All that glitters! Kylie Jenner flashes her midriff and legs in fringed gold crop top and matching skirt for Jeremy Scott's NYFW show LBD with a twist! Emily Ratajkowski slips on velvet dress for Jason Wu's 10th Anniversary Midnight Supper during NYFW EXCLUSIVE PICTURES: Robin Thicke has emotional reunion with son Julian under watchful eye of social worker as ex Paula Patton reluctantly hands him over in park 'Late night sesh!' Make-up free Michelle Keegan flaunts gym-honed figure in black leggings and a vest as she enjoys Friday night workout Food to get you in the mood! Sexy dishes and drinks for Valentine's Day (and why they work)  SPONSORED Aphrodisiacs You can't strut with us! Kendall Jenner, Bella Hadid and Hailey Baldwin make for a formidable fashion pack as they parade their way into the Fendi party 'He's gone. He's blue': Fadi Fawaz's frantic 999 call reveals that lover had 'been trying to wake George Michael for an hour' after finding him unconscious EXCLUSIVE: 'I was scared to come back because of my beliefs': Lindsay Lohan on returning to the US while studying Islam and why she wants to meet Trump Meow! Paris Hilton braves snow in quirky cat ear cap after walking the runway for New York Fashion Week Leather look Hailey Baldwin rocks rose colored glasses and leather for RtA FW 2017 presentation at New York Fashion Week Monochrome 'Grown and sexy': Shanina Shaik flashes MAJOR side boob in slinky black frock before celebrating 26th birthday with an adorable cake of her much-younger self  'So excited to shoot with women of all sizes!' Ashley Graham flaunts her cleavage in sizzling salsa-themed ad for her swimsuit line Daddy's biggest fan! Behati Prinsloo takes baby Dusty Rose to support Adam Levine as he is honored with star on Hollywood Walk of Fame Did I want Bowie's children? Never! A year after his death, Lulu tells of her affair with the rock legend, her troubled childhood - and the car crash that nearly killed her Look away Rob! Blac Chyna spotted without her engagement ring as she enjoys lunch date with a mystery man Kourtney Kardashian shows off her pins in black leggings as she chats on the phone while running errands In LA's upscale Sherman Oaks neighbourhood  Big city pretty! Snooki, JWoww and Christina Milian get dolled up at NYFW celebrity beauty bar The pretty celebs were on top forms She even stuns in sweats! Selena Gomez opts for comfort in cozy top and bell bottoms as she steps out in LA Relaxed 'You want to introduce some fear!' Tim McGraw reveals he scares his and Faith Hill's daughters' dates with a sledgehammer  'How pretty is this is?': Eva Longoria shares romantic Valentine's Day balloon display she made for husband Jose Bastón 'You're literally 99 per cent plastic now!': Fans SLAM Holly Hagan as she unveils new 'filled out' chin in proud before and after snap Nice puppies! Lena Dunham dons bold striped frock as she makes Tonight Show appearance with two cute furry guests Can't rain on her parade! Kelly Rowland braves LA downpour to celebrate birthday in showstopping beaded ensemble Birthday weekend 'His and hers': Bec Judd flaunts slim frame in activewear with husband Chris Judd in loved-up snap... six weeks after the pair celebrated their sixth wedding anniversary New York minute! Romee Strijd steps out in super short skirt showing off long legs during chilly NYFW Taking fashion week in her stride Mischa Barton steps out for a rainy day drive in her convertible...one day after 'drinking and smoking until 3 am' at West Hollywood bar 'She's our guardian angel now': Katie Holmes puts on a brave face at Fashion Week as she reveals her grandmother passed away  Looking good! Model Elyse Taylor looks radiant as she reveals her beauty secrets include coffee and green juice for breakfast and 60 minutes of cardio FIVE times a week Forget something? Allison Williams wows in sparkly black blazer with no BRA at Get Out premiere in Los Angeles Not worried about over exposure Pregnant Ciara shows off baby bump in skintight mini dress and stilettos while out with Russell Wilson in West Hollywood All smiles Sealed with a kiss! Ariel Winter shares a cheeky peek with her gal pal after getting frisky with fires Locking lips Sitting pretty: Charlie XCX shines in pink polka dots at the Variety Portrait Studio event with Noah Cyrus and Kat Graham She was an American Girl! Kate Upton stuns in slinky silk ensemble at MusiCares event honouring Tom Petty 'I want someone who's going to throw me on the bed!': Ferne McCann insists men are put off by her fame... as she reveals she's 'so ready' to settle down and have a baby 'Congratulations to the family': Rita Ora only has 'positive energy' for ex Rob Kardashian after he welcomes a baby with Blac Chyna... despite infamous Twitter spat  Nicole Scherzinger puts on a busty display in cut-out blouse for night out at LA hotspot Catch Eye-popping display Busting out! Olivia Newton-John's daughter Chloe Lattanzi flaunts VERY ample cleavage in bizarre video announcement for new movie Second-gen stunner! Andy Garcia's daughter Alessandra Garcia Lorido is a rising talent in the plus-size modeling world A name to watch Daddy's little girl! Tom Hanks' grand-daughter's name revealed as the adorable tot steps out wearing an outfit picked out by father Chet  'Dressing her in gym gear is a cheap ratings stunt!': Corrie viewers SLAM 'nauseating' Rosie Webster as she exercises in a TINY pink sports bra 'He was on the bed, the gas fire next to him': EastEnders' June Brown admits she blamed herself for husband's suicide... as she celebrates 90th birthday and 32 years as Dot  Coffee and cigarettes: Fresh faced Frenchwoman Vanessa Paradis stops to smoke after enjoying lunch with friends Diane Kruger looks beautiful in blue as she joins Adriana Lima with a leggy display on front row at Jason Wu's New York Fashion Week show What would the Neighbours say? Makeup-free Olympia Valance poses NEAR-NAKED on board yacht with bikini-clad pals 'Babes!' Gwen Stefani gushes about beau Blake Shelton and pal Adam Levine as the Maroon 5 singer gets a star on the Hollywood Walk Of Fame A Lott of leg! Pixie shows off her toned pins in a ladylike LBD with bow detailing as she leads the glamour at Weinstein pre-BAFTA dinner Kim Kardashian works out with her sisters in LA while husband Kanye West prepares for fashion week in NYC Long distance  Courtney Stodden makes out with a mystery man as she confirms she has split from 56-year-old husband Doug Hutchison once again A vision in velvet! Jessie James Decker shows off her svelte figure in burgundy dress with thigh high boots for her Kittenish pop up shop Like a Greek Goddess! Australian Supermodel Nicole Trunfio dazzles the MusiCares red carpet in a unique silk white number She's got good jeans! Rachael Gouvignon flaunts slimmed-down figure in tight denim after posing NUDE in THAT beachside snap Move over Nicole Kidman! Meet Vimala Raman, 37, the girl who grew up in western Sydney watching Bollywood movies and is now one of India's most  successful actresses Actor abdication: The Crown creator admits he's 'thinking about recasting everybody' as the plot progresses... meaning Matt Smith and Claire Foy would no longer star in the show 'I want Sophie to stay single': Back in Corrie after a spell on the stage, Brooke Vincent says there's more to her lesbian character than her sexuality 'Strictly made me feel like a woman again': Singer Anastacia's double mastectomy saved her life, but left her with 'a road map' of scars 'Fashionable?' Wildlife warrior Bindi Irwin jokes about her latest 'fashion statement' days after touching tribute to her late father Steve Colour in Kate! Kensington Palace joins the crayon craze with a £5.99 book of the Duchess of Cambridge's outfits that is flying off the shelves  'The older that you get ... less is more!': Makeup enthusiast Kim Zolciak touts virtues of using fewer cosmetics Glam look Lauren Pope flaunts her incredible figure and sculpted abs in a bright yellow bikini as she soaks up the sun in Dubai Sultry beach style Victoria(na) chic! Jenna Coleman is the picture of elegance in thigh-skimming frock with pretty ruffle detailing at Weinstein pre-BAFTA party Bella Thorne wears lacy crop top to join mystery man on double-date bike ride with sister Dani Thorne and boyfriend in LA Someone new? Naughty but nice! LeAnn Rimes sizzles in a black dress with a plunging, laced up neckline for pre-Grammys event Cross her heart Babymoon time! Whitney Port and husband jet out on vacation after the Hills star announced pregnancy    'Something to sink his teeth into': Un-signed footballer Jamie O'Hara fills the void by taking a stab at modelling... following the demise of his CBB relationship with Bianca Gascoigne Lee slaps Whitney for telling him to man up, like his dad (Danny Dyer), capping off 'the week from hell' for the Carters in EastEnders, by JIM SHELLEY SEBASTIAN SHAKESPEARE: Gentlemen prefer blondes! Pixie Lott, her mother AND big sister meet a very animated Prince Charles  Lena Dunham bares midriff in crop top tracksuit after discussing her Trump diet again and how she 'drops weight with every move he makes' Soapwatch: Jaci Stephen's ultimate insight into the week's soaps  Bethany's drawn further into Nathan's lair. I suspect we'll see her being asked to get nude 'This gave me chills!': Emotional fans praise Michael Bublé's new video about 'everlasting love'... as he makes his musical comeback amid his son Noah's cancer battle Botox in her neck, an apple before every meal and lasers to wipe out knee wrinkles: How Christie Brinkley looks like this at 63 (and don't forget her daily washes with ACID soap)!  Prince Harry's ex Cressida Bonas cuts a demure figure in simple white dress as she cosies up to Olga Kurylenko at Harvey Weinstein's pre-BAFTA bash Trainspotting 2's Anjela Nedyalkova looks leggy in a nude semi-sheer minidress at the Berlinale International Film Festival... after getting naked with Ewan McGregor on set Youthful looking Nicole Kidman, 49, flashes a hint of skin in a quirky polka dot dress with a thigh-high split as she attends Lion premiere in Paris EXCLUSIVE: Beau Ryan's wife Kara shows off her blossoming baby bump in skintight activewear after announcing second pregnancy 'Before kids, eye bags and sleep theft': Fearne Cotton reminisces on girly getaway with Holly Willoughby as she posts throwback snap in honour of her birthday 'I thought about it and I was wrong!' D&G designer Stefano Gabbana backtracks after body-shaming Lady Gaga - and even praises her for being 'real'  Should Jamie Oliver be holding his baby so close to the cooker? Parenting expert's warning over photo of chef with his six-month-old son River Rocket Cooling off! Model Laura Csortan takes adorable three-month-old daughter Layla Rose for a swim during Sydney's heatwave Baby's day out! Chelsea Clinton and husband Marc take son Aidan on an afternoon trip to gourmet food emporium after a morning at a fashion show DENYING she'd run for senate 'It has really knocked him': Outnumbered's Tyger Drew-Honey left devastated after it's revealed his porn star dad Ben Dover has bladder cancer New York's her runway! Kendall Jenner parades much shorter haircut as she struts around town during fashion week Dramatic change The Boy from Oz! Actor Hugh Jackman reveals he STILL gets excited by snow despite years in the US as he braves New York snowstorm Snap in a blizzard Next generation! Sofia Richie shows off her modeling chops as she gets VERY close to Anwar Hadid in Tommy Hilfiger's sultry new denim campaign Well, it's not ALWAYS the happiest place on Earth! Drew Barrymore recalls her daughter Olive's spectacular tantrums at Disney World Bumping along nicely! Ciara protectively strokes her belly in clinging black dress on casual outing in Beverly Hills Pretty pregnant Looking tan-dy! Olivia Culpo and Madison Beer don color-coordinating outfits for Cushnie Et Ochs NYFW show Glimpse of decolletage thanks to a lack of a bra Kate Upton looks prim and proper in pearls and blouse at LAX following claims of 'diva' behavior over Sports Illustrated shoot Keeping it cute 'We're famous, Daddy!' Nick Cannon reveals his struggle to keep five-year-old twins with Mariah Carey grounded Battle to give children a normal childhood 'You're always playing the victim!' Kirk Norcross' ex Holli Willis launches into a tirade on Twitter about 'attention seeking' claims that she doesn't let him see their daughter Drop dead gorgeous! Pamella Roland shows glitzy beading, sheer accents, killer ladylike capes at stunning New York Fashion Week show That's not Selena Gomez! The Weeknd hits pre-Grammy party with a brunette former Miss USA who looks uncannily like his girlfriend Stephen Bear DROPPED from Celebs Go Dating agency and banned from show's launch party because of his 'relationship' with Charlotte Crosby Drew Barrymore's ex Will Kopelman takes daughters for stroll with female companion... after actress admits their divorce was her 'worst nightmare' Getting ready to roll! Irina Shayk reveals her baby bump in grey sweatshirt as she prepares for her little one's arrival with another driving lesson Family trip! Actress Charlize Theron heads through LAX with her children Jackson and August as well as her mother Black and white style It's all in the wrist! Celebrity hairstylist Justine Marjan details the secrets to how she achieves perfectly lived-in waves on clients like Khloe Kardashian Katy Perry on why she's 'given up' caring what people think about her quirky style Pop beauty admits she used to spend hours reading comments Postcard from paradise: Kim Kardashian shares personal photo album of her wet and wild waterfall adventure in Costa Rica  'We are truly blessed': Family rejoice as Jamie Lynn Spears' daughter Maddie, 8, LEAVES hospital six days after girl almost died after flipping ATV into a pond Coronation Street's Catherine Tyldesley displays her long legs and hourglass figure in leather skirt on date night with husband Tom Pitfield 'Your job is to get naked and say lines!' Debra Messing reveals how an award-winning director pressured her to go nude on set - after insisting she needed a nose job Made in Mayfair! Tiffany Watson flaunts her tanned and toned legs in form-fitting white frock as she enjoys glamorous night out in London TOWIE's Kate Wright refuses to namedrop 'new footballer boyfriend Rio Ferdinand in upcoming series as it has nothing to do with the show' Trailer for 'racist' Netflix series Dear White People 'gets a million dislikes in just ONE day' - and sparks customer revolt  Controversial Keanu Reeves looks dapper in a navy suit as he attends the gala screening of his latest flick John Wick in London Killing it  Trainspotting 2's Anjela Nedyalkova looks leggy in skintight black dress at Berlinale International Film Festival... after getting naked with Ewan McGregor in steamy scenes Oh so chic! Olivia Culpo and Nicky Hilton turn heads in black at white at LANYU Couture runway show The biggest names in fashion turn out 'Um, photoshop gone wrong': Fans accuse Charlotte Crosby of heavily doctoring her Insta post as she poses in lycra in front of 'very wonky skirting board'  'So proud' Jennifer Ellison parades her newly-svelte figure in tiny sports bra as she drops a whopping four dress sizes in just three months How the West Wing was won: Kellyanne Conway dresses in head-to-toe leather day after travel ban ruling (and drops $6k on her boots and purse alone) Cinema says it won't let men in to watch Fifty Shades Darker 'until we see if women can control themselves'  Too steamy for the ladies? Fifty Shades of Demure! Dakota Johnson cuts a casual figure in chic fur-trimmed overcoat as she jets out of London for her next movie premiere BEL MOONEY: My life's been ruined by my lover's tangle of lies Advice for a woman who moved to the Midlands to be with a man - only to learn he was having casual sex with others. What happened to Sarah? How Fergie's now calling herself Margaret York and trying to run a business empire from a hotel bar  Little Minxes! Jesy Nelson flaunts her incredible abs in a plunging sports bra... as Jade Thirlwall shows off her slender figure in a racy tour costume She's gone all Sporty Spice: Victoria Beckham wears head to toe Adidas in show of support to brand ambassador husband David following scandal Effortlessly chic! Model Jessica Hart flashes a hint of cleavage as she goes BRALESS in plunging black outfit at New York Fashion Week 'Sticky as hell!' Atomic Kitten pose for a busty photo as they get hot and sweaty on the Melbourne leg of their reunion tour... as Kerry Katona bounces back after her mystery illness Suddenly shy? Rita Ora wraps up in oversized shearling coat as she heads to Heathrow airport... after flashing underboob at Fifty Shades Darker premiere 'You need company': Grieving Debbie McGee hints that she's ready to find love again as she tries to 'keep busy' a year after husband Paul Daniels' death Baby's first Chanel: Rob Kardashian posts sweet snap of baby Dream wearing designer outfit as she turns three months old Alec Baldwin roasts Ivanka Trump during Tonight Show saying he bought his suit from her collection for '95 per cent off' amid Nordstrom fiasco Free the nipple! Raf Simons sends his models down the runway at New York Fashion Week in risque SEE-THROUGH sweaters as he debuts his first Calvin Klein collection Brielle Biermann enjoys a sweet early Valentine's Day celebration with boyfriend Michael Kopech and wins 'best girlfriend' award Revenge is best served HOT! Khloe Kardashian proudly models her ripped body in mirror selfie after officially dropping Odom from her name 'We connected really quickly:' Gigi Hadid reveals she tried struggled to play it cool after falling hard for Zayn when they first met Richard Gere, 67, and girlfriend Alejandra Silva, 33, pucker up on the red carpet as they put on a besotted display at the Berlin Film Festival Oh, what beautiful morning! Leighton Meester, Camilla Belle and Victoria Justice flock to Russian Tea Room for Kate Spade NYFW show Millie Bobby Brown joins the A-list front row fashion set at Calvin Klein after being named the new face of the designer brand at just 12 Seeking frills! Alexa Chung flaunts her long lean figure as she braves the cold in chic crochet dress to attend Calvin Klein show during New York Fashion Week Love you, baby! Maksim Chmerkovskiy kisses Peta Murgatroyd at fashion show as they take a night off parent duty one month after birth of son  While Kate Spade unveils a Paris-inspired 2017 collection with the help of Victoria Justice, Tanya Taylor serves up intricate pieces for the modern gal Golden girls! Gwyneth Paltrow and Sarah Jessica Parker rock autumnal colors for Calvin Klein's Fall Winter show at NYFW Naomie Harris is the picture of elegance in checked trousers and chic white coat as she makes glamorous arrival at Calvin Klein NYFW show Ex On The Beach's Chloe Goodman flaunts her ample assets and peachy bottom in a tiny mismatched bikini as she hits the pool in Tenerife 'You can't be obese and happy': Super-slimmer Tina Malone claims true joy comes from being thin... but Chantelle Houghton says 'life is too short' The Grammys' 'trophy girls' who dish out the awards now include a transgender woman and a man  Martina Robledo, Derek Marrocco, Hollin Haley will be the 3 handlers 'I'd like to have kids... but I need a guy!' Sophie Monk reveals hopes of having a baby THIS YEAR and is open to being a single mum 'if it got to that' 'She's very shaken up': Love Island's Olivia Buckland left in hospital after hitting her head in petrifying car crash Sustained an injury to her head  How Kate took ten years off her face: The Duchess has ditched her heavy eyeliner, and matte foundation since turning 35 (and looks a decade younger) MY HAVEN - Martin Roberts: The Homes Under The Hammer host, 53, in his tree house (and radio studio) in Somerset  She plays Governor Hildur Odegard in Sky Atlantic's dark drama Fortitude and here Sofie Grabol talks us through a week on the show's set... Tony Blackburn will make his triumphant return to Radio 2 for a 6am Saturday job one year after his sacking  Sounds Of The 60s I'm not Radio Gaga, legendary DJ Brian Matthew tells JANE FRYER after he briefly fell ill and was abruptly pensioned off from the BBC following 63 years with the corporation  It's celebrity walkies! Well-known faces walk their dogs in stunning locations and telling us as much about the owners as the beauty spots Bill Oddie wouldn't do yoga, Sheila Ferguson had a date and Miriam Stoppard couldn't surrender to the spirituality. Yes, The Real Marigold Hotel is back Natural beauty! Makeup-free Pia Miller shares 'grumpy selfie' ahead of early morning shoot and STILL looks stunning The Germans won the war and Britain is under occupation. That's the idea behind new TV drama SS-GB - and its dystopian vision is utterly chilling: Welcome to Nazi Britain  Terry Pratchett's final fantasy: The late literary legend recorded his innermost thoughts before he passed away in 2015 - now actor Paul Kaye's brought them to life in a moving film After a tantalising star turn in The Night Manager, Elizabeth Debicki returns to British TV in Australian alien abduction thriller The Kettering Incident Fancy seeing you here! Lily-Rose Depp bumps into her pal Tallulah Willis at popular LA lunch spot The two friends met unexpectedly Richard Gere and his co-star Laura Linney cosy up to each other on the red carpet for new film The Dinner at the 67th Berlinale International Film Festival Whoopi Goldberg reveals she didn't realise how much she depended on her mother and brother as she discusses their deaths on Loose Women EXCLUSIVE: 'We had SEX in Buckingham Palace toilets': Steve Jones admits to a very naughty regal romp with his wife Phylicia Her pride and joy! Teresa Palmer shares adorable snap of her sons Bodhi Rain and Forest Sage as she gushes over the baby's 'new chatter' Picking up a present for the grandchildren? Amal Clooney's mum is pictured heading into a children's bookshop as it's revealed the couple are expecting twins Blondes have more fun! Allison Williams shows off platinum hair at LA screening of Get Out with director Jordan Peele and co-stars Kate Moss flashes her racy leather bra as she unbuttons her shirt during dinner in London... before heading home in the early hours bleary-eyed She'll catch her death! Braless Ashley James puts on a VERY busty display as she showcases her ample cleavage in plunging pink knitwear Time to chill! Geordie Shore newbie Zahida Allen braves snowy conditions in TINY plunging mini dress as she enjoys girls' night at French ski resort 'My heart is broken!' Twitter goes into mourning as Kris Marshall bids an emotional farewell to Death In Paradise Charli Sexy-X! Popstar puts on very busty display in plunging bralet and tiny shorts as she performs new single on Jimmy Kimmel Live 'She threw me off!': Maria Shriver gets flustered after Lena Dunham says the word penis during live interview on Today show Take a bow! Solange Knowles shows off a hint of cleavage in quirky plunging blazer at the Black Women in Music event in Hollywood  So wild! Sofia Vergara wears zebra print blouse as she films Modern Family with Ed O'Neill In character as Gloria during a shoot day 'It's got a life of its own!' Linda Robson has Loose Women panel in stitches as she fails to switch off sex toy and mistakes nipple tassels for earrings PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Tyga's ex Demi Rose sizzles in racy red lace lingerie for sexy Valentine's Day shoot as she reveals plans to move to America Shia LaBeouf's anti-Trump museum exhibit is shut down after becoming a 'flashpoint for violence' He Will Not Divide Us exhibit Tara Palmer-Tomkinson's family reveal she 'died peacefully in her sleep' as heartbroken sister visits tragic socialite's £1.6million apartment  Lisa Appleton flashes her very ample assets whilst flexing her muscles in Wonder Woman-inspired gym wear by the seaside in Blackpool 'There was a baby boom!' Jamie Dornan admits erotic Fifty Shades sex scenes with Dakota Johnson led to pregnancy surge 'You're going to cry again': Eamonn Holmes reminds emotional Ruth Langsford of how he asked her mum for hand in marriage during her dad's dementia battle Aidan Turner puffs away on a cigarette before he resumes filming with Eleanor Tomlinson for Poldark season three EastEnders' Jack Branning can't contain his grief-fuelled rage as it's revealed what really caused Ronnie and Roxy Mitchell's deaths Seething with rage  Not wanted! NeNe Leakes and Kim Zolciak's return to RHOA angers co-stars amid pay cut concerns Sure to be explosive Fresh fears for Mischa Barton as she is seen drinking, smoking and partying until 3am just weeks after shocking 'meltdown'  Pictured drinking 'Amal's twins and Beyonce's twins will sit on the thrones of Narnia': Twitter reacts to George Clooney baby news Double the joy! 'Caught early it's very curable': Pointless host Alexander Armstrong undergoes testicular cancer test in front of millions on This Morning Praised by viewers  Sheer daring! Kendall Jenner bares pert derriere in see-through gown as she hits catwalk for La Perla NYFW show Sheer style 'Everything I could possibly ever want on my birthday': Make-up free Holly Willoughby poses for a rare snap with her three children as she turns 36 Could it be a trio of pregnancies for The Hills? Speidi fuel rumours they are expecting as they congratulate Whitney Port and Lauren Conrad 'He thinks he can win in every discipline' Davina McCall on Spencer Matthews' cocky attitude on The Jump... and his co-stars plan to 'take him down' '27 weeks and 2 days': Pregnant Love Island star Cally Jane Beech excitedly shares picture of her growing baby bump as she poses in her underwear  Mini Moyles! Radio DJ Chris showcases his jaw-dropping five stone weight loss at the opening of Jamie Oliver's new restaurant in London Save the breast for last! Courtney Stodden sizzles in plunging bodysuit as she showcases major sideboob at pre-Grammys bash in LA Death in Paradise star whose shorts have made her a hit with viewers entertains Twitter with live episode updates (and responds to their flirty posts) 'I'm just gutted I'm not allowed to see you': Kirk Norcross shares heart-wrenching video with daughter  on her first birthday...amid claims ex is blocking access LEAFing little to the imagination! Charlotte McKinney flaunts her eye-popping cleavage in a sheer top as she accessorises with a quirky clutch When she's feeling blue: Selma Blair flaunts her legs in a patterned mini and a matching pyjama-style ensemble as she mixed up her look throughout the day Rosie Huntington-Whiteley, 29, finally confirms she's PREGNANT with fiance Jason Statham, 49, as she shares burgeoning bikini bump snap  'Looking hot in those kinky boots this morning!' Twitter goes wild for Lorraine Kelly's patent leather knee-highs on TV show It's Ferry slippy! Geordie Shore's Chloe takes a tumble on the ice alongside cast mate Marnie Simpson as they continue to film new series in Tignes Brooklyn Beckham heads out for a night out on the town amid father David's email hacking scandal Heading to Mayfair It was never meant to workout! Jamie O'Hara endures gruelling personal training session... after dumping CBB love interest Bianca Gascoigne EastEnders suffers another epic gaffe when stagehand wanders into Aunt Babe and Sylvie's dramatic scene A man in a high vis jacket was in shot Lady in leather! Smiling Queen Maxima of the Netherlands steps out in an edgy plum pencil skirt on a visit to a design school in east Germany  TayTay Starhz continues to cash in on THAT kiss with Zoe Ball as he claims he helped cause the end of her marriage to Norman Cook  Can YOU identify these stars from just their lips? Scientists say plump pouts like the Kardashians' aren't the most desirable while Holly Willoughby has a perfect pair Awkward! Suits stars Rick Hoffman and Sarah Rafferty dodge question about co-star Meghan Markle and Prince Harry on The Project Such a (Suga)babe! Heidi Range oozes glamour in a lace jumpsuit as she enjoys a theatre date night with hunky husband at the Carole King Musical It's official! George Clooney, 55, and pregnant wife Amal, 39, finally confirm rumours they are expecting TWINS Due in June 50 shades duller! (And as erotic as a bluebottle landing on your bottom): BRIAN VINER gives his verdict on the sequel Even more pale and at times downright limp 'Just perfect': Peter Andre shares intimate breastfeeding snap of wife Emily MacDonagh... as they hint at solidarity for Tamara Ecclestone following her rant When Hermione fell for Voldemort... Hilarious Beauty and The Beast spoof trailer sees Emma Watson's Belle fall in love with Harry Potter's evil nemesis Revealed: The punishing regime that saw DJ Chris Moyles ditch pizza for quinoa and the radio chair for running to shed a whopping FIVE STONE   With their drunken orgies, the sexually voracious Wizard Of Oz Munchkins turned to whoring, pimping and other crimes   Exposed 'I'm putting my pyjamas on': Katie Price teases she won't be getting X-rated with husband Kieran Hayler after watching steamy Fifty Shades Darker 'Every day I want more drugs': Friends reveal tragic Tara's struggle with addiction in her final months as sister tells of her heartbreak Tragic death Throwback Thursday! Zayn Malik channels James Dean with edgy shearling jacket and classic quiff at Billboard Power 100 celebration Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
Search × Search in Site To search in site, type your keyword and hit enter Close By Traders For Traders Live Trading News HOME Investments Real Estate Education Strategy Stocks US Stocks Australia OTC Markets Futures Asia Middle East Currencies Commodities Metals Grains Crude Oil FX Politics America Asia Australia Middle East Terrorism Lifestyle Luxury Travel Health Opinion Shayne Heffernan Paul Ebeling Sports Fishing Formula One Ferrari Horse Racing Formula One NFL Contact Us Privacy Policy Free Trial Consulting IR EB5 Mergers & Acquisitions CrowdFunding Contributors Marketing Metals Wall Street’s Top Analysts Upgrades, Downgrades & Initiations By Paul Ebeling on February 10, 2017No Comment Share on Facebook Follow on Facebook Add to Google+ Connect on Linked in Subscribe by Email Print This Post Wall Street’s Top Analysts Upgrades, Downgrades & Initiations $BHI, $FCX, $GRUB, $SLW Daily HeffX-LTN reviews Wall Street analysts research reports to find new investing and trading ideas for our readers. Some reports cover stocks to buy, and others cover stocks to sell or avoid. Below is a list of Wall Streets top analysts upgrades, downgrades and initiations for Friday, as follows; Baker Hughes Inc. (NYSE:BHI) analysts raised to Positive from Neutral with a 71 price target at Susquehanna. Baker Hughes has a 52-wk trading range of 38.16  to 68.59 and a consensus analyst target price of 69.46. Freeport-McMoRan Inc. (NYSE:FCX) analysts started with a Neutral rating and assigned a 14 price target at JPMorgan. Freeport-McMoRan has a 52-wk trading range of 4.65 – 17.06 and a consensus price target of 14.76. GrubHub Inc. (NYSE:GRUB) analysts downgraded to Neutral from Buy with a 42 price target at Mizuho. Wedbush reiterated its Outperform rating and 47 target price, calling Grubhub the market leader in the growing online restaurant takeout and delivery space, and the firm sees it continuing to benefit from its early lead and scale. Credit Suisse reiterated its Outperform rating with a 48 price target. Silver Wheaton Corp. (NYSE:SLW) was downgraded to Neutral from Buy with a 25 target price at Goldman Sachs. Silver Wheaton has a 52-wk trading range of 14.36 to 31.35 and a consensus price target of 29.36. Stay tuned…   BHI, buy, FCX, GRUB, hold, ideas, market, price, sell, slw, target, trade, trading, Wall Street Wall Street’s Top Analysts Upgrades, Downgrades & Initiations added by Paul Ebeling on February 10, 2017 View all posts by Paul Ebeling → The following two tabs change content below. Bio Latest Posts Paul Ebeling Paul A. Ebeling, polymath, excels in diverse fields of knowledge. Pattern Recognition Analyst in Equities, Commodities and Foreign Exchange and author of “The Red Roadmaster’s Technical Report” on the US Major Market Indices™, a highly regarded, weekly financial market letter, he is also a philosopher, issuing insights on a wide range of subjects to a following of over 250,000 cohorts. An international audience of opinion makers, business leaders, and global organizations recognizes Ebeling as an expert. Latest posts by Paul Ebeling (see all) Zika Virus Update for Spring Travelers - February 11, 2017 President Trump Wants Snowden, Expect President Putin to Give Him Up - February 10, 2017 Buying Stocks: Growth Investing - February 10, 2017 Related posts: Wall Street’s Top Analysts Upgrades, Downgrades & Initiations Wall Street’s Top Analysts Upgrades, Downgrades & Initiations Wall Street’s Top Analysts Upgrades, Downgrades & Initiations Wall Street’s Top Analysts Upgrades, Downgrades & Initiations Subscribe You must be logged in to post comments :   CONNECT WITH Category Specific RSS All Topics Stocks FX Politics Horse Racing Opinion Travel Health FREE HEFFX MEMBERSHIP TODAY   Enter Email * First Name * Last Name * Example: Yes, I would like to receive emails from Live Trading News. (You can unsubscribe anytime) By submitting this form, you are granting: heffx, 3 Raffles Place, Singapore, 048617, permission to email you. You may unsubscribe via the link found at the bottom of every email. (See our Email Privacy Policy (http://constantcontact.com/legal/privacy-statement) for details.) Emails are serviced by Constant Contact. Consulting Contact Us Privacy Policy Contributors CrowdFunding EB5 Free Trial IR Live Trading Room Marketing Mergers & Acquisitions Metals Copyright 2016 HEFFX.com © 2017, ↑ Live Trading News By Traders For Traders
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy   Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Novadaq Technologies Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Novadaq Technologies Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Michael Rapino Sells 210,000 Shares of Live Nation Entertainment, Inc. (LYV) Stock Blackrock Throgmorton Trust PLC (THRG) Increases Dividend to GBX 6.25 Per Share Pattern Energy Group Inc. (PEGI) Stock Rating Lowered by Zacks Investment Research Analysts Issue Forecasts for Akamai Technologies, Inc.’s Q1 2017 Earnings (AKAM) Allergan PLC. (AGN) Forecasted to Post Q1 2017 Earnings of $3.55 Per Share AngioDynamics, Inc. (ANGO) Receives $16.63 Average Target Price from Brokerages Sanatana Resources Inc (STA) Director Peter Leighton Miles Purchases 372,000 Shares of Stock Alexander & Baldwin Holdings, Inc. (ALEX) Director Stanley M. Kuriyama Sells 4,250 Shares Nicholas Financial, Inc. (NICK) Major Shareholder Magnolia Capital Fund, Lp Purchases 19,196 Shares Brokerages Anticipate Air Methods Corporation (AIRM) to Post $0.61 Earnings Per Share Owens Corning Inc (OC) Upgraded to Hold by Zacks Investment Research Avon Products, Inc. (AVP) Forecasted to Post Q1 2017 Earnings of $0.05 Per Share Analysts Offer Predictions for Camden Property Trust’s Q1 2017 Earnings (CPT) Jefferies Group Comments on CenturyLink, Inc.’s Q1 2017 Earnings (CTL) Brokerages Set Computer Programs and Systems, Inc. (CPSI) Price Target at $34.55 Seaport Global Securities Brokers Cut Earnings Estimates for Diamond Offshore Drilling, Inc. (DO) Daniel Kerzner Sells 36,000 Shares of Alarm.com Holdings, Inc. (ALRM) Stock Elissa Fink Sells 5,000 Shares of Tableau Software, Inc. (DATA) Stock Eaton Vance Tax-Managed Global Buy-Write (ETW) to Issue $0.10 Monthly Dividend Fiserv, Inc. to Post Q1 2017 Earnings of $1.18 Per Share, SunTrust Banks Forecasts (FISV) Novadaq Technologies’ (NVDQ) Buy Rating Reaffirmed at Canaccord Genuity February 10th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Stacy Sanders Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Finance Tweet Canaccord Genuity restated their buy rating on shares of Novadaq Technologies Inc (NASDAQ:NVDQ) (TSE:NDQ) in a research note issued to investors on Monday morning. The brokerage currently has a $10.00 target price on the stock. NVDQ has been the subject of a number of other research reports. Craig Hallum set a $12.00 price objective on Novadaq Technologies and gave the company a buy rating in a report on Tuesday, January 17th. JMP Securities restated a buy rating on shares of Novadaq Technologies in a report on Thursday, December 1st. Noble Financial cut Novadaq Technologies from a strong-buy rating to a buy rating in a report on Thursday, November 3rd. Zacks Investment Research upgraded Novadaq Technologies from a sell rating to a hold rating in a report on Wednesday, October 12th. Finally, RBC Capital Markets set a $13.00 price objective on Novadaq Technologies and gave the company an outperform rating in a report on Wednesday, January 11th. Two analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, two have assigned a hold rating and nine have assigned a buy rating to the company. The stock presently has a consensus rating of Buy and a consensus price target of $11.56. Shares of Novadaq Technologies (NASDAQ:NVDQ) opened at 6.40 on Monday. Novadaq Technologies has a 1-year low of $6.00 and a 1-year high of $13.22. The stock has a 50 day moving average price of $6.84 and a 200-day moving average price of $9.44. The stock’s market capitalization is $367.62 million. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY NOTICE: This piece was reported by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are accessing this piece on another publication, it was illegally copied and republished in violation of international trademark and copyright laws. The correct version of this piece can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/02/10/novadaq-technologies-nvdq-buy-rating-reaffirmed-at-canaccord-genuity.html. A number of large investors have recently modified their holdings of the stock. Altrinsic Global Advisors LLC raised its stake in shares of Novadaq Technologies by 4.4% in the third quarter. Altrinsic Global Advisors LLC now owns 471,100 shares of the company’s stock worth $5,451,000 after buying an additional 20,000 shares during the period. Riverbridge Partners LLC raised its stake in shares of Novadaq Technologies by 60.2% in the third quarter. Riverbridge Partners LLC now owns 2,359,147 shares of the company’s stock worth $27,295,000 after buying an additional 886,175 shares during the period. Polar Capital LLP raised its stake in shares of Novadaq Technologies by 108.3% in the third quarter. Polar Capital LLP now owns 364,611 shares of the company’s stock worth $4,211,000 after buying an additional 189,611 shares during the period. JPMorgan Chase & Co. raised its stake in shares of Novadaq Technologies by 0.7% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 7,286,103 shares of the company’s stock worth $84,301,000 after buying an additional 48,213 shares during the period. Finally, Garrison Bradford & Associates Inc. raised its stake in shares of Novadaq Technologies by 3.9% in the third quarter. Garrison Bradford & Associates Inc. now owns 188,700 shares of the company’s stock worth $2,183,000 after buying an additional 7,000 shares during the period. 91.59% of the stock is owned by institutional investors and hedge funds. About Novadaq Technologies Novadaq Technologies Inc is a medical device company. The Company primarily develops, manufactures and markets real-time fluorescence imaging products that are designed for use by surgeons in the operating room and other clinical settings where open and minimally invasive surgery or interventional procedures are performed. Receive News & Ratings for Novadaq Technologies Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Novadaq Technologies Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News White House Announces Conway Was Counseled Warren Receives Support After GOP Formally Silences Her Report: Trump Was Not Completely Briefed on Bannon NSC Seat Justice Department Will Challenge Stop to Travel Ban President Trump Cancels Harley-Davidson Trip Due to Possible Protests © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Latest News Dow 20,269 +96.97 +0.48% Nasdaq 5,734 +18.95 +0.33% S&P 500 2,316 +8.23 +0.36% 2/10 Updated Trump may be playing with fire by only getting 4 to 5 hours sleep every night 2/10 Trump administration begins immigration raids across the U.S. 2/10 Russia considers returning Snowden to U.S. as ‘gift’ to Trump: report 2/10 Updated You’ll be smarter about money if you follow these Twitter accounts 2/10 Trump says he is considering new executive order on immigration 2/10 Updated What the average American wedding looks like -- and costs 2/10 Iranians Vilify Trump in Rally Celebrating 1979 Revolution 2/10 Updated This little-noticed phenomenon could make stock picking great again 2/10 Updated Of course actors should freely express political opinions, says actor 2/10 Updated This money-making market bubble is about to burst 2/10 Dan Loeb took new stakes in J.P. Morgan, B. of A. and dumped Allergan 2/10 Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq book records, log 3rd straight weekly gain 2/10 Updated Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq book records, log 3rd straight weekly gain 2/10 Why iPhone Singles Pass on Dating Android Users 2/10 Updated Do Trump supporters have a breaking point? 2/10 Updated Treasury yields post a weekly decline as worries about geopolitics weigh 2/10 Trump and Japan's Abe Talk Economics and North Korea 2/10 Why more unmarried couples are buying homes and how to win an Oscar 2/10 Why people are delaying filing their taxes this year 2/10 Trump rally as much about real economy as hopes for stimulus Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement Retire Here, Not There Encore Taxes How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate Location Scouts realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Bulletin Major U.S. stock indexes end at record high for second straight day Home Economy & Politics Outside the Box Get email alerts Opinion: The bigger banks get, the harder we will fall By Satyajit Das Published: Feb 10, 2017 8:35 a.m. ET Share Financial industry deregulation could trigger another global banking crisis AFP/Getty Images By SatyajitDas The rally in U.S. banking stocks hinges on expectations that the Trump administration will relax or even remove regulations imposed on the sector in the wake of the 2008-09 global financial crisis. The danger is that since big banks are still not too big to fail, deregulation, both in the U.S. and globally, could trigger another financial shock. A large banking system is not necessarily problematic. For example, in the U.K., reflecting the status of London as a major global financial center, financial services contribute significantly to economic activity. Financial and insurance services contributed £125.4 billion in gross value added (GVA) to the U.K. economy, or 9.4% of the U.K.’s total GVA, around 46% from London alone. Trade in financial services contributes significantly to the U.K.’s trade surplus in services. The sector provided 3.6% of U.K. jobs and contributed £21.0 billion to U.K. tax receipts in 2010-11. But a large banking system does create a number of issues. First, the role of banks expands beyond support for the real economy, facilitating payments, capital formation and deployment and risk transfer. Economic activity becomes inordinately dependent on trading financial instruments and channelling rapid capital movements, which are largely zero-sum games or relatively low economic value-added functions. Second, the commercial drive for growth and higher profitability leads to increased risk taking. For example, the need to grow loan volumes may require lowering lending standards or taking other risks. This is what happened in the led up to the 2008 financial crisis, exemplified by the sub-prime loans in the U.S. Third, there are complex linkages between banks and financial entities, both within countries and internationally, reflecting the mobility of capital and cross-border transactions. In 2008, the dangers of these connections were exposed as the globalized financial system’s intricate linkages became a conduit for transmitting contagion. This led to a sharp fall in cross-border capital flows, which remain well below the pre-crisis levels. Fourth, frequently (untested) financial innovations create new risks, both for individual institutions and systemically. It also allows rent-seeking by banks and financiers, who exploit the asymmetry of information between sellers and buyers of complex products. It also creates control issues as managers, directors and regulators are unable to keep up with new developments. During the 2008-09 crisis, the problems of higher-risk mortgages, CDOs and the shadow banking system populated by off-balance sheet vehicles illustrate these risks. Fifth, the identified problems are amplified by the leverage of financial firms. Capital ratios and liquidity reserves of banks have fallen sharply over the past two decades. Leverage is increasingly used to drive higher and more volatile returns on equity. During the global financial crisis, the high leverage, both on- and off-balance sheet, accentuated the problems. Can employers solve the student-loan crisis?(3:13) A burgeoning industry of tech companies is enabling employers to make contributions toward their employees' student loans. Could this be the answer to the $1.3-trillion student-debt crisis? Sixth, the banking system’s risk and complexity is implicitly underwritten by the state, a fact that is recognized by credit-rating agencies. This guarantee typically takes the form of deposit insurance, liquidity insurance, and implied capital support. Given the central role of banks in payments and credit provisions, it is difficult for governments to allow banks to fail. Following the global financial crisis, governments in the U.S., U.K., Ireland, and Europe were forced to step in and support their banks. Many other governments indirectly supported their banks by increasing the scope of deposit guarantees. Yet in the years since, banks have not grown smaller. Instead, their size and concentration has increased. Since the crisis, the six largest U.S. banks now control almost 70% of the assets in the U.S. financial system, having increased around 40% (against overall asset growth of only 8%). JP Morgan Chase JPM, -0.23%  , the largest U.S. bank, has more than $2.4 trillion in assets — larger than most countries. The growth and increased concentration is the result of forced consolidation (“shotgun” mergers) and the effect of new capital and liquidity regulations that favor larger banks. A flight to the perceived safety of TBTF (Too Big Too Fail) banks, combined with contraction of alternative funding sources, such as securitization, has reduced competition from smaller entities. Governments and regulators have also favored larger banks as national champions that are internationally competitive and theoretically easier to regulate. The increased importance of banks also reflects their role in now financing beleaguered states by increasing their holding of government bonds. The banking system has also gained from such policies such as quantitative easing (“QE”). Liquidity-fueled asset price rises has also encouraged a return of dubious banking practices. The confluence of government support (which protects depositors and creditors), limited liability (which protects shareholders), profit maximization, and incentive pay for financiers encourages a culture of “rational carelessness.” Rather than dismantle this financial doomsday machine, governments and regulators have perpetuated a large financial system, which increases the risks for the economy . In June 2013, then-Bank of England governor Sir Mervyn King stated that: “It is not in our national interest to have banks that are too big to fail, too big to jail, or simply too big.” Policy makers would do well to heed this advice. Satyajit Das is a former banker. His latest book is “The Age of Stagnation” (published internationally as “A Banquet of Consequences”). He is also the author of “Extreme Money” and “Traders, Guns & Money.” More from MarketWatch This little-noticed phenomenon could make stock picking great again Russia considers returning Snowden to U.S. as ‘gift’ to Trump: report Trump on Putin: U.S. Isn't Innocent Either Quote References JPM -0.20 -0.23% Most Popular Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq book records, log 3rd straight weekly gain Trump administration begins immigration raids across the U.S. Amazon.com takes aim at Victoria’s Secret with its own $10 bras Beastly Nvidia earnings beaten by burden of high expectations Marijuana tax revenue hit $200 million in Colorado as sales pass $1 billion MarketWatch Partner Center We Want to Hear from You Join the conversation Comment Luxury Real Estate Essential apps for your smart home hub View More SectorWatch These dogs make up to $10k per social media post View More Real Estate 2016's most popular homes were led by the biggest fixer-upper of all time View More Barron's Next When leaving a job, take the 401k money and run View More Sponsored Headlines MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News Online WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2017 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. Intraday data delayed per exchange requirements. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real time last sale data provided by NASDAQ. More information on NASDAQ traded symbols and their current financial status. Intraday data delayed 15 minutes for Nasdaq, and 20 minutes for other exchanges. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. SEHK intraday data is provided by SIX Financial Information and is at least 60-minutes delayed. All quotes are in local exchange time. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found JPMorgan Chase & Co. U.S.: NYSE: JPM $87.00 -0.20 (-0.23%) Volume 10.9M Open $87.48 High $87.48 Low $86.89 P/E Ratio 14.05 Div Yield 2.21 Market Cap 312.0B LatestNews
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy   Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Cavium Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Cavium Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Van ECK Associates Corp Boosts Position in Core Laboratories N.V. (CLB) Netols Asset Management Inc. Sells 4,730 Shares of CIRCOR International, Inc. (CIR) Netols Asset Management Inc. Has $5,253,000 Position in U.S. Physical Therapy, Inc. (USPH) Alethea Capital Management LLC Invests $2,055,000 in Garmin Ltd. (GRMN) Spectrum Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (SPPI) Stake Maintained by Alethea Capital Management LLC 2,230 Shares in Lear Corporation (LEA) Acquired by Abbrea Capital LLC Orbotech Ltd. (ORBK) Stake Cut by Analyst IMS Investment Management Services Ltd. Western Union Company (The) (WU) Shares Gap Down After Analyst Downgrade Van ECK Associates Corp Sells 193,049 Shares of CF Industries Holdings, Inc. (CF) Van ECK Associates Corp Has $74,791,000 Stake in First Majestic Silver Corp. (AG) Van ECK Associates Corp Has $63,447,000 Stake in Green Plains, Inc. (GPRE) Van ECK Associates Corp Has $750,610,000 Position in Goldcorp Inc. (GG) Jones Energy, Inc. (JONE) Shares Bought by Raymond James Financial Services Advisors Inc. Raymond James Financial Services Advisors Inc. Has $5,969,000 Stake in Hormel Foods Corporation (HRL) Raymond James Financial Services Advisors Inc. Boosts Stake in United Rentals, Inc. (URI) Knoll, Inc. (KNL) Posts Quarterly Earnings Results, Hits Expectations Knoll, Inc. (KNL) Posts Quarterly Earnings Results, Hits Expectations Chipotle Mexican Grill, Inc. (CMG) Stake Lowered by Cleararc Capital Inc. State Street Corp Purchases 2,889,830 Shares of Freeport-McMoran, Inc. (FCX) Cabot Oil & Gas Corporation (COG) Shares Bought by State Street Corp Insider Selling: Cavium, Inc. (CAVM) SVP Sells $1,673,750.00 in Stock February 10th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Latisha Jones Filed Under: Finance - Insider Trades Tweet Cavium, Inc. (NASDAQ:CAVM) SVP Vincent P. Pangrazio sold 25,000 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Friday, February 3rd. The stock was sold at an average price of $66.95, for a total value of $1,673,750.00. Following the sale, the senior vice president now directly owns 31,970 shares in the company, valued at approximately $2,140,391.50. The sale was disclosed in a legal filing with the SEC, which is available through this link. Cavium, Inc. (NASDAQ:CAVM) opened at 65.08 on Friday. Cavium, Inc. has a 12 month low of $35.90 and a 12 month high of $69.13. The company’s market cap is $4.36 billion. The stock’s 50 day moving average is $64.04 and its 200 day moving average is $57.30. Cavium (NASDAQ:CAVM) last released its quarterly earnings results on Wednesday, February 1st. The semiconductor provider reported $0.56 earnings per share for the quarter, beating analysts’ consensus estimates of $0.54 by $0.02. The business had revenue of $226.20 million for the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $224.49 million. Cavium had a negative net margin of 24.40% and a positive return on equity of 2.07%. Cavium’s revenue for the quarter was up 124.2% on a year-over-year basis. During the same quarter last year, the firm earned $0.28 EPS. Equities analysts predict that Cavium, Inc. will post $2.69 earnings per share for the current year. TRADEMARK VIOLATION NOTICE: This piece of content was published by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are viewing this piece of content on another website, it was copied illegally and republished in violation of United States and international copyright laws. The legal version of this piece of content can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/02/10/insider-selling-cavium-inc-cavm-svp-sells-1673750-00-in-stock.html. A number of equities research analysts recently issued reports on CAVM shares. Canaccord Genuity reaffirmed a “hold” rating and issued a $60.00 target price on shares of Cavium in a research note on Tuesday, January 31st. Benchmark Co. boosted their price target on Cavium from $60.00 to $63.00 and gave the company a “buy” rating in a report on Wednesday, November 2nd. Jefferies Group LLC boosted their price target on Cavium from $60.00 to $69.00 and gave the company a “hold” rating in a report on Thursday, February 2nd. Zacks Investment Research upgraded Cavium from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $75.00 price target for the company in a report on Wednesday. Finally, Needham & Company LLC reiterated a “buy” rating and issued a $66.00 price target on shares of Cavium in a report on Wednesday, November 2nd. Eight investment analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and twelve have given a buy rating to the company. Cavium currently has a consensus rating of “Buy” and a consensus target price of $63.54. Hedge funds and other institutional investors have recently made changes to their positions in the company. Vanguard Group Inc. increased its position in shares of Cavium by 2.0% in the second quarter. Vanguard Group Inc. now owns 3,991,770 shares of the semiconductor provider’s stock valued at $154,082,000 after buying an additional 77,699 shares during the period. Ameriprise Financial Inc. increased its position in shares of Cavium by 55.2% in the third quarter. Ameriprise Financial Inc. now owns 2,664,024 shares of the semiconductor provider’s stock valued at $155,047,000 after buying an additional 947,473 shares during the period. Wasatch Advisors Inc. increased its position in shares of Cavium by 25.2% in the third quarter. Wasatch Advisors Inc. now owns 2,465,731 shares of the semiconductor provider’s stock valued at $143,506,000 after buying an additional 496,765 shares during the period. Bank of New York Mellon Corp increased its position in shares of Cavium by 695.8% in the third quarter. Bank of New York Mellon Corp now owns 2,129,252 shares of the semiconductor provider’s stock valued at $123,923,000 after buying an additional 1,861,704 shares during the period. Finally, JPMorgan Chase & Co. increased its position in shares of Cavium by 15.0% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 2,022,348 shares of the semiconductor provider’s stock valued at $117,702,000 after buying an additional 264,187 shares during the period. About Cavium Cavium, Inc is a provider of semiconductor processors, which enables processing for wired and wireless networking, communications, storage, cloud, wireless, security, video and connected home and office applications. The Company’s products include OCTEON, OCTEON Fusion, OCTEON XL, LiquidIO, NITROX, NEURON Search, ThunderX, Xpliant and XPA. Receive News & Ratings for Cavium Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Cavium Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News White House Announces Conway Was Counseled Warren Receives Support After GOP Formally Silences Her Report: Trump Was Not Completely Briefed on Bannon NSC Seat Justice Department Will Challenge Stop to Travel Ban President Trump Cancels Harley-Davidson Trip Due to Possible Protests © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Next: up in Suzette Parmley: SoulCycle to open Center City studio on March 7 News Sports Business Health Entertainment Food Opinion Real Estate Obits Search icon | SectionsClose Search Search Search Search icon News Breaking Pennsylvania New Jersey Politics Education Special Reports Sports Eagles Phillies Flyers Sixers Union College High School Entertainment Celebs & Gossip The Arts Things to Do Puzzles Comics Business Cars Jobs Pharma Philly Deals Real Estate Small Business The Street Health Kids' Health Running Nutrition Sports Medicine Food Clean Plates Craig LaBan The Insider Opinion Blogs Columnists Letters Lifestyle Home & Design Sex & Dating Style Travel Marketplace Find a Home Job Listings Print Offers Online All Classifieds People Births Celebrations Engagements Obituaries Death Notices Your Day Event Calendar PMN Events Horoscope Lottery Weather Newsletters Advertise Contact Us Permissions Reprints Powered By Inquirer logo Subscribe Daily News logo Subscribe business — Suzette Parmley Capital One Cafe plies you with coffee and pastry while selling you services Updated: February 10, 2017 — 12:13 PM EST Facebook icon 3Share Twitter icon Tweet Tumblr icon Tumblr Mail icon Email Comment icon 0 Comment Reprints & Permissions REPRINTS Popular Stories DA Seth Williams says he brought 'shame' to office, won't run again Feb 10 - 7:51 PM DeSean Jackson wants to stay in D.C., blasts 'image they put out of me' in Philly Feb 10 - 2:11 PM Close icon Shopping Cart icon ED HILLE / Staff Photographer The new Capital One Cafe will be in the building that once housed the Latham Hotel, not far from its current location, but far different in offerings. by Suzette Parmley, STAFF WRITER Twitter icon @SuzParmley | Mail icon sparmley@phillynews.com Close icon Mail icon Email Twitter icon @SuzParmley Phone icon 215-854-4184 Suzette Parmley Staff Writer Suzette Parmley is the retail reporter. She began her career at the Inquirer after internships at the Los Angeles Times and Boston Globe. She has covered general assignment news on the city desk, Statehouse politics in Trenton, and the casino industry on the Business desk. Her career highlight was spending nearly a month in Asia covering the booming gaming industry there in 2009, where she crossed the South China Sea from Hong Kong to Macau on a ferry. More by Suzette Parmley Albert Boscov, chairman of family-owned department store chain, dies at 87 Feb 10 SoulCycle to open Center City studio on March 7 Feb 3 Capital One Cafe plies you with coffee and pastry while selling you services Feb 9 More from Suzette Parmley Arrow icon Imagine entering a spacious room with tables and chairs and being served coffee or pastry while an “ambassador” greets you to discuss your finances. This place isn’t a restaurant or Starbucks — though it has elements of both. Capital One, the bank behind the cafe concept, describes it as a place where people can recharge their mobile devices and perhaps their understanding of finance. The cafe even has couches and nooks if you prefer more private time with a spiffily dressed ambassador, who can coach you on setting up an account, paying bills online, and applying for a credit card. This is what retail banking in the 21st century will look like as Capital One Cafe’s new space in Center City debuts this spring on two levels of the old Latham Hotel at 135 S. 17th St. in Rittenhouse Square. Because banks no longer have the traffic (hence the recent announcement by Wells Fargo to shut 400 branches), Capital One Cafe's vision is to get new customers in the door with reconfigured spaces that are just as important as the bank's other offerings (free WiFi, cash deposit ATMs, demo bars to learn digital tools). “It’s really about empowering people to feel confident about their relationship with their money,” said Lia Dean, senior vice president for Capital One Cafes.  Besides the Rittenhouse cafe, there are 15 Capital One Cafes in seven cities: Boston; Chicago; Denver; Los Angeles; Richmond, Va.; San Francisco; and St. Cloud, Minn.  There are plans to open cafes in Seattle, Austin, and South Florida this year.  Though she declined to disclose costs of the cafe redesigns or whether the bank has increased memberships and traffic at the respective branches,  Dean did say, “The fact we are continuing to open them across several markets is a testament to how they've been received.” Online is finally reshaping banks, experts say. “What’s happening in banking is a lot like what happened in retail over the last decade," said James Sinegal, banking industry analyst at Morningstar Research Services LLC. "Online shopping started in the 1990s, but it’s only recently that Amazon has really started to wipe out brick-and-mortar retail. We’re seeing the same thing happen to bank branches now." Remote deposits and the decline of cash have also cut the need to visit branches, he said. Capital One’s first Philadelphia cafe opened in 2001 at 1636 Walnut St. with 1,950 square feet on the ground level,  nowhere near the scope of what will replace it.  The new Philadelphia location across the street will be more than triple that size. Its 6,636 square feet will be spread over two floors (ground level and mezzanine) with two meeting rooms, two nooks, four ATMs, and a patio. “Our spaces tend to serve as community hubs that bring people together,” Dean said. Its bakery partners  include Philadelphia Bakery Merchants, High Point Cafe, York Street Market, and Bakeshop on 20th. There's a charge for the pastries, and Capital One card customers get 50 percent off coffee and tea. Michael Gorman, senior vice president at Metro Commercial, who represented Capital One in the transaction with landlord Pearl Properties, said retailers and banks can no longer embrace the status quo. “It’s not an option, or they’ll be left behind," said Gorman.   Downsizing in the banking industry has long been a trend. Bank of America, which had more than 6,100 branches before the financial crisis in 2008, had  4,579 branches in 2016, according to SNL Financial Data. JPMorgan Chase & Co.'s branch count actually peaked in 2013 at 5,630 before declining over the last three years to 5,258 last year.   Similarly, PNC Financial Services Group, Inc. went from 5,151 branches in 2013 to 4,579 branches last year. “The big question is how fast the decline progresses from here,” analyst Sinegal said. “You don’t see many banks making outsized bets.  They are generally cutting branches at fairly similar rates. “In theory, this should be good for banks,” he said. “If their customers are happy online, the banks can spend a lot less staffing and maintaining expensive branch networks." But Sinegal cautioned that a lot of sales activity still occurs in the branches, so they would like to keep people coming in, and one way to do that is through the cafe concept. The downside? It’s easier to upsell a pastry to a Starbucks customer than an IRA, Sinegal said. “Also, you've now put your bank into competition with coffee shops.” Dean says she believes that her company is heading in the right direction. She said the redesigned Capital One Cafe space in downtown Philly is a prototype. Capital One envisions “chance encounters” or a "millennial collision" where someone age 19-34 meets another millennial and strikes up a conversation, which could lead to both becoming loyal Capital One customers. Top locations are key, said Gorman, who brokered the deal. Although there is some flexibility in neighborhoods, he said, “they want A-plus retail locations in dense urban cores with a high volume of pedestrian traffic. The location at 17th and Walnut certainly checks all those boxes.” The cafe concept isn’t new. It’s a natural evolution of the concept that has been part of Capital One 360 (previously ING Direct) since it launched in 2007. Capital One staff members are even hitting the road this winter and spring as the company’s “Banking Reimagined Tour” –  a hands-on digital experience designed to introduce people to Capital One’s redesigned banking through services and programs. The centerpiece is a state-of-the-art, 54-foot trailer offering an interactive banking service, called Money Coaching, modeled after what the new cafes will be rolling out this year. The tour will hit Philadelphia on April 1-2. More Coverage Why malls are closing Dec 23 - 3:18 PM Why Philly's new buildings come wrapped in glass and retail Jan 27 - 2:07 PM Retail landlords dangling more sweeteners to desirable tenants Jan 18 - 11:22 PM Retail is making a comeback on this Shore town's boardwalk Jan 12 - 7:21 PM Published: February 10, 2017 — 5:00 AM EST | Updated: February 10, 2017 — 12:13 PM EST We encourage respectful comments but reserve the right to delete anything that doesn't contribute to an engaging dialogue Help us moderate this thread by flagging comments that violate our guidelines Commenting policy | Comments FAQ Comment policy: Philly.com comments are intended to be civil, friendly conversations. Please treat other participants with respect and in a way that you would want to be treated. You are responsible for what you say. And please, stay on topic. If you see an objectionable post, please report it to us using the "Report Abuse" option. Please note that comments are monitored by Philly.com staff. We reserve the right at all times to remove any information or materials that are unlawful, threatening, abusive, libelous, defamatory, obscene, vulgar, pornographic, profane, indecent or otherwise objectionable. Personal attacks, especially on other participants, are not permitted. We reserve the right to permanently block any user who violates these terms and conditions. Additionally comments that are long, have multiple paragraph breaks, include code, or include hyperlinks may not be posted. Load comments Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Continue Reading More in business Business › Fast-growing SBA is one federal agency Trump supports Business › Shale lobby's expense claims under fire Retail › Macy's for sale? Saks owner Hudson's Bay is in the hunt No protections for Jewelers Row buildings while Toll Bros. has demo permit, panel rules A closer look at Gov. Wolf's consolidation plan for health and human services N.J. electric rates heading south this year Electricity rates will go down about 3 percent on June 1 for residential and small-business customers in South Jersey following this week’s... Union leader John 'Johnny Doc' Dougherty gets a radio show on 1210 AM Consumers said to be biggest losers in USDA purge of puppy mill and other data For journalism institute, a new name to honor its founder Pizzagate truthers target Philly favorites Pizza Brain and Little Baby's Comcast CEO buys sky-high condo units in company's new Philly tech tower Philly.com logo is powered by Inquirer logo Digital Edition Subscribe Subscriber Services Daily News logo Digital Edition Subscribe Subscriber Services Twitter icon @phillydotcom Facebook icon /phillydotcom News & Info News Sports Entertainment Business Health Food Lifestyle Opinion Event Calendar Archives Marketplace Deals Find a Home Job Listings Print Offers All Classifieds About us About Philly.com Advertise Contact Us Licensing & Permissions Photo Reprints Newspapers In Education Career Opportunities Internships Acel Moore Workshop   Mobile Apps Email Notifications Morning headlines Eagles This Week Things To Do Dining In and Out Sports Business Health Lifestyle PMN Events Show all ▾ Show some ▾ © Copyright 2017 Philadelphia Media Network (Digital), LLC Terms of Use & Privacy Policy
Latest News Nation Elections 2017 World Business Budget 2017 Cities Sports Entertainment Lifestyle Technology Opinion Education Photos Videos Explained Good News Trending Astrology Photo News Today’s Paper See More See Less Search for:   Nation Elections 2017 World Opinion Sports Entertainment Lifestyle Technology Viral Photos Videos Blogs ePaper Budget 2017 Latest News Hold your tongue, I have your entire janam patri: PM Modi to Congress UP Assembly Elections 2017: Battle for heartland begins in west that may hold the key Bengal budget has Rs 250 crore to aid those hit by demonetisation Sasikala vs OPS: Raj Bhavan keeps both waiting Abu Dhabi module recruited nine Indians for Islamic State, sent some to Syria: NIA probe Home Education IIM Kozhikode PGP records 100 per cent placement IIM Kozhikode PGP records 100 per cent placement The highest salary offered was Rs 37 lakh per annum and the average annual compensation this year was 17.14 lakh per annum. By: Express Web Desk | Kozhikode | Published:February 10, 2017 2:45 pm Roles in General Management profile were also offered by some major recruiters The final placements of IIM-Kozhikode (IIM-K) 19th batch of the Post Graduate Programme has concluded with 100 per cent placements. In a press release, the Institute said the season saw a marked rise of 15.15 per cent placements over last year, with as many as 334 students and 107 recruiters participating in the placement process. There was an increase in the number of first time recruiters visiting campus and students being offered niche roles has also been witnessed in the season. The highest salary offered was Rs 37 lakh per annum and the average annual compensation this year was 17.14 lakh per annum. Besides major recruiters like Accenture Strategy, BCG, Deloitte, Ernest & Young, Goldman Sachs, JPMC, McKinsey, PwC  the campus also witnessed 26 first time recruiters who include Aspect Ratio, Evanssion, Feedback Infra, Infosys Management Consulting, Kalyan Group, Korn Ferry Hay Group and Microland, participating in the placements drive. Major companies like American Express, Axis Bank, Bank of America, Citibank, Deutsche Bank, Edelweiss, Fidelity, Goldman Sachs, HSBC, JP Morgan Chase, Nomura, Standard Chartered, Yes Bank made offers to 26 per cent of the candidates. Roles in General Management profile were also offered by some major recruiters like Bosch, Evanssion, Kalyan Group, Mahindra Group,  Mytrah, RPG, Tata Administrative Services, Tata Communications. Read | IIM Lucknow achieves 100 per cent placement in three days © The Indian Express Online Media Pvt Ltd Election 2017 Uttar Pradesh Assembly Elections 2017 Phase 1 Live Updates: Polling begins in 73 constituencies of western region UP Assembly Elections 2017: Battle for heartland begins in west that may hold the key UP Assembly Elections 2017: Day before first phase, Muslim clerics back Mayawati Best of Express Setback for Sasikala as TN education minister Pandiarajan joins Panneerselvam camp EntertainmentJolly LLB 2 movie review : Akshay Kumar, Saurabh Shukla make this an unalloyed delight EntertainmentShah Rukh Khan, Aamir Khan's first selfie in 25 years is one of a kind. See pic EntertainmentAvengers Infinity War: This behind-the-scenes teaser is everything Marvel fans need to begin the weekend. Watch video EntertainmentBadrinath Ki Dulhania song Tamma Tamma Again: Varun Dhawan, Alia Bhatt teleport you to the 90s. Watch video Must Read SportsIndia vs Bangladesh Live Score SportsTendulkar applauds Kohli in record-breaking form SportsSouth Africa reclaim top spot in ODI after SL whitewash TechnologyApple iPhone 5s offers on Valentine's Day: Is this deal worth it? TechnologyLatest Samsung leak suggests the logo for the Galaxy S8+ TechnologyWhatsApp now supports two-step verification: Here's how to enable LifestyleDrink (water) through the day, it helps Feb 11: Latest News Anusuya supports Winner song Suya Suya, gives fitting reply to trolls Uttarakhand election 2017 Live updates: What happens in Rudrapur, spreads across the country in minutes, says PM Modi Tamil Nadu crisis LIVE: Sasikala leaves Poes Garden, to meet her MLAs at resort Star-packed North favourites to lift T20 inter-zonals Rajinikanth, Aamir Khan, Mohanlal not part of SS Rajamouli’s Mahabharata                           The Express Group The Indian Express The Financial Express Loksatta Jansatta inUth Ramnath Goenka Awards Privacy Policy Advertise with Us Contact Us Subscribe Please reload and try again !!! X   Copyright © 2017 The Indian Express [P] Ltd. All Rights Reserved
Photos Videos Topics Live BAN 277/6 (90) - IND 687/6 (166) Live SL 296/8 (50) - SA 384/6 (50) Home India Mumbai Delhi World Business Technology Sports Entertainment Lifestyle Education & Careers TRENDING# Rahul Gandhi Sasikala Assembly Elections 2017 UP Elections 2017 Raees Home Academy Final placement for 2017 graduating batch of PGP concludes Shares1 Fri, 10 Feb 2017-02:11pm , PTI The 19th batch of the Post Graduate Programme of IIM-Kozhikode (IIM-K) has concluded its final placement for the 2017, with 100 per cent placements. The season saw a marked rise of 15.15 per cent placements over last year, with as many as 334 students and 107 recruiters participating in the placement process, a release from the IIM-K said today. An increase in the number of first time recruiters visiting campus and students being offered niche roles has also been witnessed in the season. The highest salary offered was Rs 37 lakh per annum and the average annual compensation this year was 17.14 lakh per annum. Besides major recruiters like Accenture Strategy, BCG, Deloitte, Ernest & Young, Goldman Sachs, JPMC, McKinsey, PwC the campus also witnessed 26 first time recruiters who include Aspect Ratio, Evanssion, Feedback Infra, Infosys Management Consulting, Kalyan Group, Korn Ferry Hay Group and Microland, participating in the placements drive. Major companies like American Express, Axis Bank, Bank of America, Citibank, Deutsche Bank, Edelweiss, Fidelity, Goldman Sachs, HSBC, JP Morgan Chase, Nomura, Standard Chartered, Yes Bank made offers to 26 per cent of the candidates. Roles in General Management profile were also offered by some major recruiters like Bosch, Evanssion, Kalyan Group, Mahindra Group, Mytrah, RPG, Tata Administrative Services, Tata Communications. (This article has not been edited by DNA's editorial team and is auto-generated from an agency feed.) TOP TOP   Comments   Also Read Academy JNU students block admin building protesting new admission rules Academy Govt appoints Directors of 10 IIMs; G Raghuram to head IIM-B Academy Edu gets a tech makeover in J&K Academy No writers for special needs’ kids taking Maharashtra board exams Academy 10K teaching posts vacant in KV schools Academy Donald Trump’s H1B proposal forces students to look elsewhere Live Cricket Score Live BAN 277/6 (90) BAN trail by 410 runs IND 687/6 (166) Full Scorecard | Commentary Live SL 296/8 (50) SA beat SL by 88 runs SA 384/6 (50) Full Scorecard | Commentary Related IIT Bombay sees lower participation from start-ups Video WATCH: Priyanka Chopra says "Bollywood has been reduced to a Zumba class" Watch: This video urges you to stop asking women to cover up Shocking: Man climbs fence to avoid paying zoo ticket, gets mauled to death by tiger View all Tags Goldman Sachs American Express Axis Bank Bank of America Citibank Deutsche Bank HSBC Hay Group Mahindra Group Microland Standard Chartered Tata Communications Yes Bank Accenture Strategy Aspect Ratio BCG Bosch Deloitte Ernest & Young Feedback Infra Fidelity General Management Infosys Management Consulting JP Morgan Chase Korn Ferry Hay Group McKinsey Nomura Post Graduate Programme Tata Administrative Tata Administrative Services SITE INDEX About DNA Contact us Advertise Reprint Rights News Trump, Abe pledge to strengthen US-Japan strategic ties Turkey to hold referendum on presidency on April 16 - election board India wants Pak to take action against terrorists: Bambawale 3 killed after inhaling 'toxic gases' on board barge BJP reaches out to small groups within North Indian community Sport #INDvBAN | Watch: Mushfiqur Rahim survives run out appeal, commentators stunned by third umpire's decision Paired together Lahiri, Shubhankar have outside chance Swing coach Leadbetter runs rule over golfers Trump and Abe Golf-Swing coach Leadbetter runs rule over golfers Trump and Abe "The timing could not have been better. A lot of quality Entertainment The Kapil Sharma Show: Rishi Kapoor REVEALS he'll enact episodes from his book 'Khullam Khulla' on stage 'Kaabil' director Sanjay Gupta begins work on his next! Varun mum on Govinda's remarks on father David Dhawan WATCH: Robert Downey Jr, Chris Pratt & Tom Holland on day 1 of 'Avengers: Infinity War' shoot Akshay Kumar's 'Crack' SHELVED or not? Director Neeraj Pandey BREAKS SILENCE on his delayed film Money Govt removes duty anomalies to boost medical devices mfg: Min Sebi says remedial actions underway in NSE co-location case Oils and Oilseeds: Edible, non-edibles weakens further Bullion: Both the precious metals, gold and silver Gold prices recover by Rs 225, silver tops Rs 43,000 Partner site: Zee News ©2017 Diligent Media Corporation Ltd.
Home About/Contact US Privacy Policy Staff Daily Email Updates Headlines Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Investing Delta Apparel Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Delta Apparel Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Recent Posts OraSure Technologies, Inc. (OSUR) Lifted to Strong-Buy at Zacks Investment Research Zacks Investment Research Lowers Orion Energy Systems, Inc. (OESX) to Hold Tenneco Inc. (TEN) to Post Q1 2017 Earnings of $1.38 Per Share, Northcoast Research Forecasts Barrington Research Comments on Snap-On Incorporated’s Q1 2017 Earnings (SNA) Equities Analysts Offer Predictions for Sanderson Farms, Inc.’s Q1 2017 Earnings (SAFM) UK Commercial Property Trust Limited Plans Dividend of GBX 0.92 (UKCM) Zacks: ICU Medical, Inc. (ICUI) Given Average Rating of “Buy” by Analysts News Corporation (NWSA) Receives $16.00 Consensus Price Target from Brokerages Generac Holdlings Inc. (GNRC) Receives $40.50 Consensus Price Target from Analysts Financial Engines, Inc. (FNGN) EVP Christopher L. Jones Sells 6,667 Shares Eaton Vance Tax-Advantaged Global Divide (ETO) To Go Ex-Dividend on February 16th Eaton Vance Tax-Managed Global Dive Eq (EXG) To Go Ex-Dividend on February 16th Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd. (RCL) Receives $95.82 Average Target Price from Analysts Q1 2017 Earnings Forecast for Corrections Corp. of America Issued By SunTrust Banks (CXW) Michael Rapino Sells 210,000 Shares of Live Nation Entertainment, Inc. (LYV) Stock Model N, Inc. (MODN) Raised to Buy at Zacks Investment Research Masco Corporation Forecasted to Earn Q1 2017 Earnings of $0.36 Per Share (MAS) Equities Analysts Issue Forecasts for Kilroy Realty Corporation’s Q1 2017 Earnings (KRC) Q1 2017 EPS Estimates for Humana Inc. (HUM) Decreased by Analyst Ring Energy (REI) Receives $15.90 Average Price Target from Analysts Roth Capital Analysts Give Delta Apparel, Inc. (DLA) a $26.00 Price Target Posted by Tony Sherman on Feb 10th, 2017 // No Comments Tweet Roth Capital set a $26.00 price target on Delta Apparel, Inc. (NYSEMKT:DLA) in a research note published on Tuesday. The brokerage currently has a buy rating on the stock. Several other research firms have also recently commented on DLA. TheStreet upgraded shares of Delta Apparel from a sell rating to a buy rating in a report on Thursday, December 15th. Zacks Investment Research cut shares of Delta Apparel from a hold rating to a sell rating in a report on Wednesday, November 16th. Delta Apparel (NYSEMKT:DLA) opened at 18.10 on Tuesday. The firm has a 50-day moving average of $19.84 and a 200-day moving average of $18.76. The stock has a market cap of $137.70 million, a PE ratio of 18.76 and a beta of 0.07. Delta Apparel has a 12-month low of $14.20 and a 12-month high of $25.52. Delta Apparel (NYSEMKT:DLA) last posted its quarterly earnings results on Monday, February 6th. The company reported ($0.08) EPS for the quarter, missing the consensus estimate of ($0.02) by $0.06. The business had revenue of $85.30 million for the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $85.33 million. Equities analysts predict that Delta Apparel will post $1.75 earnings per share for the current fiscal year. TRADEMARK VIOLATION WARNING: “Roth Capital Analysts Give Delta Apparel, Inc. (DLA) a $26.00 Price Target” was published by Web Breaking News and is owned by of Web Breaking News. If you are viewing this piece on another site, it was copied illegally and reposted in violation of United States and international copyright law. The correct version of this piece can be read at http://www.webbreakingnews.com/2017/02/10/roth-capital-analysts-give-delta-apparel-inc-dla-a-26-00-price-target.html. Several hedge funds and other institutional investors have recently modified their holdings of DLA. Bank of New York Mellon Corp acquired a new stake in shares of Delta Apparel during the second quarter worth $462,000. California State Teachers Retirement System acquired a new stake in shares of Delta Apparel during the second quarter worth $337,000. JPMorgan Chase & Co. acquired a new stake in shares of Delta Apparel during the second quarter worth $931,000. Nationwide Fund Advisors boosted its stake in shares of Delta Apparel by 57.5% in the second quarter. Nationwide Fund Advisors now owns 53,483 shares of the company’s stock worth $1,206,000 after buying an additional 19,525 shares in the last quarter. Finally, Walleye Trading LLC boosted its stake in shares of Delta Apparel by 331.6% in the second quarter. Walleye Trading LLC now owns 6,638 shares of the company’s stock worth $150,000 after buying an additional 5,100 shares in the last quarter. Delta Apparel Company Profile Delta Apparel, Inc is an apparel design, marketing, manufacturing and sourcing company. The Company operates through two segments: branded and basics. The branded segment consists of its business units, which are focused on specialized apparel garments and headwear. Its products are marketed under its lifestyle brands of Salt Life, Junk Food, Soffe and COAST, as well as other labels. Receive News & Ratings for Delta Apparel Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Delta Apparel Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter. « Previous Cray Inc (CRAY) Posts Quarterly Earnings Results, Beats Expectations By $0.14 EPS Next » Camtek Ltd. (CAMT) Posts Earnings Results Latest News Nike Suspends Relationship with Maria Sharapova Rob Bironas Ex-Titans Kicker Dies in Car Crash Ron Washington Leaves Texas Rangers Due to an Affair Jonathan Dwyer Falls in Line with Other Banned NFL Players Tony Stewart Case Going to the Grand Jury Oscar Pistorius “Blade Runner” Found Not Guilty of Murder Leave a Reply Click here to cancel reply. Name (Required) Mail (will not be published) (Required) Website   Home Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Headlines Investing © 2006-2017 Web Breaking News.
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy   Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Visa Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Visa Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Mednax, Inc (MD) Director Sells $362,178.60 in Stock Meridian Investment Counsel Inc. Has $2,701,000 Stake in Winnebago Industries, Inc. (WGO) Wyndham Worldwide Corp (WYN) Shares Bought by Meridian Investment Counsel Inc. United States Steel Corporation (X) Shares Sold by Meridian Investment Counsel Inc. Insider Selling: Monro Muffler Brake, Inc. (MNRO) Insider Sells 5,000 Shares of Stock Era Group, Inc. (ERA) Shares Sold by Van Den Berg Management I Inc. Manitowoc Company, Inc. (The) (MTW) Stake Lowered by Van Den Berg Management I Inc. Van Den Berg Management I Inc. Maintains Position in Dawson Geophysical Company (DWSN) Coldstream Capital Management Inc. Buys 2,667 Shares of Xilinx, Inc. (XLNX) Coldstream Capital Management Inc. Buys Shares of 6,993 Extra Space Storage Inc (EXR) Coldstream Capital Management Inc. Has $615,000 Stake in LTC Properties, Inc. (LTC) George A. Villasana Sells 13,004 Shares of Asbury Automotive Group Inc (ABG) Stock 273,349 Shares in Chesapeake Energy Corporation (CHK) Acquired by JT Stratford LLC Legion Partners Asset Management LLC Takes Position in ShoreTel, Inc. (SHOR) 2,119,333 Shares in Boingo Wireless, Inc. (WIFI) Acquired by Legion Partners Asset Management LLC Advaxis, Inc. (ADXS) Stake Held by Birchview Capital LP Birchview Capital LP Has $211,000 Stake in Coherus BioSciences, Inc. (CHRS) Paratek Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (PRTK) Stake Held by Birchview Capital LP Insider Selling: Logitech International S.A. (LOGI) CFO Sells 41,068 Shares of Stock Franklin Limited Duration Income Trust of Beneficial Interest (FTF) Major Shareholder Sells $1,547,947.17 in Stock Visa Inc. (V) Downgraded by Vetr Inc. to “Hold” February 9th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Jeff Wilder Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Finance Tweet Vetr downgraded shares of Visa Inc. (NYSE:V) from a buy rating to a hold rating in a research report sent to investors on Monday. Vetr currently has $87.15 price target on the credit-card processor’s stock. A number of other brokerages have also recently issued reports on V. Jefferies Group LLC reissued a buy rating and issued a $93.00 price objective on shares of Visa in a research note on Friday, October 21st. Wedbush reissued a neutral rating and issued a $77.00 price objective on shares of Visa in a research note on Friday, October 21st. Zacks Investment Research cut shares of Visa from a buy rating to a hold rating in a research note on Friday, October 21st. Sanford C. Bernstein reissued a buy rating and issued a $97.00 price objective on shares of Visa in a research note on Monday, November 28th. Finally, Drexel Hamilton raised shares of Visa from a hold rating to a buy rating in a research note on Monday, October 24th. Two analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating, twenty-nine have assigned a buy rating and one has issued a strong buy rating to the company. The stock presently has an average rating of Buy and an average target price of $93.35. Visa (NYSE:V) opened at 85.58 on Monday. The company has a 50-day moving average of $81.87 and a 200-day moving average of $81.04. The stock has a market cap of $198.90 billion, a PE ratio of 33.17 and a beta of 1.00. Visa has a 12 month low of $69.12 and a 12 month high of $86.82. Visa (NYSE:V) last announced its earnings results on Thursday, February 2nd. The credit-card processor reported $0.86 EPS for the quarter, beating the Zacks’ consensus estimate of $0.78 by $0.08. Visa had a net margin of 38.30% and a return on equity of 26.48%. The business earned $4.46 billion during the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $4.29 billion. During the same period in the prior year, the company earned $0.69 earnings per share. The firm’s revenue was up 25.1% on a year-over-year basis. On average, equities analysts forecast that Visa will post $3.32 EPS for the current fiscal year. TRADEMARK VIOLATION NOTICE: This report was published by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are viewing this report on another site, it was copied illegally and republished in violation of U.S. & international copyright & trademark law. The correct version of this report can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/02/09/visa-inc-v-downgraded-by-vetr-inc-to-hold.html. The firm also recently disclosed a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Tuesday, March 7th. Shareholders of record on Friday, February 17th will be paid a dividend of $0.165 per share. This represents a $0.66 annualized dividend and a yield of 0.77%. The ex-dividend date is Wednesday, February 15th. Visa’s payout ratio is 26.09%. In other Visa news, SVP James H. Hoffmeister sold 11,139 shares of Visa stock in a transaction that occurred on Tuesday, February 7th. The shares were sold at an average price of $85.95, for a total transaction of $957,397.05. Following the completion of the sale, the senior vice president now directly owns 6,390 shares in the company, valued at approximately $549,220.50. The sale was disclosed in a document filed with the SEC, which is accessible through this hyperlink. Also, EVP William M. Sheedy sold 125,372 shares of Visa stock in a transaction that occurred on Monday, February 6th. The shares were sold at an average price of $85.74, for a total transaction of $10,749,395.28. Following the sale, the executive vice president now owns 365,769 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $31,361,034.06. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Insiders own 0.14% of the company’s stock. Several institutional investors have recently bought and sold shares of the stock. Vanguard Group Inc. boosted its position in Visa by 1.0% in the second quarter. Vanguard Group Inc. now owns 118,024,396 shares of the credit-card processor’s stock valued at $8,753,870,000 after buying an additional 1,207,526 shares in the last quarter. State Street Corp boosted its position in Visa by 2.6% in the fourth quarter. State Street Corp now owns 82,748,981 shares of the credit-card processor’s stock valued at $6,456,063,000 after buying an additional 2,111,820 shares in the last quarter. BlackRock Institutional Trust Company N.A. boosted its position in Visa by 0.5% in the third quarter. BlackRock Institutional Trust Company N.A. now owns 51,126,744 shares of the credit-card processor’s stock valued at $4,228,182,000 after buying an additional 239,481 shares in the last quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. boosted its position in Visa by 3.7% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 29,495,466 shares of the credit-card processor’s stock valued at $2,441,561,000 after buying an additional 1,061,427 shares in the last quarter. Finally, BlackRock Fund Advisors boosted its position in Visa by 3.7% in the third quarter. BlackRock Fund Advisors now owns 27,427,533 shares of the credit-card processor’s stock valued at $2,268,257,000 after buying an additional 967,565 shares in the last quarter. Hedge funds and other institutional investors own 80.76% of the company’s stock. About Visa Visa Inc (Visa) is a payments technology company that connects consumers, merchants, financial institutions, businesses, strategic partners and government entities to electronic payments. The Company operates through payment services segment. The Company enables global commerce through the transfer of value and information among the participants. To view Vetr’s full report, visit Vetr’s official website. Receive News & Ratings for Visa Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Visa Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News White House Announces Conway Was Counseled Warren Receives Support After GOP Formally Silences Her Report: Trump Was Not Completely Briefed on Bannon NSC Seat Justice Department Will Challenge Stop to Travel Ban President Trump Cancels Harley-Davidson Trip Due to Possible Protests © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy   Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Exelon Corporation - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Exelon Corporation with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News UBS Group AG Sells 35,584 Shares of RR Donnelley & Sons Co (RRD) PRA Health Sciences, Inc. (PRAH) Shares Sold by UBS Group AG PRA Health Sciences, Inc. (PRAH) Shares Sold by UBS Group AG Lazard Asset Management LLC Continues to Hold Position in Aircastle Limited (AYR) Lazard Asset Management LLC Has $204,000 Position in Westpac Banking Corporation (WBK) HBK Investments L P Has $351,000 Stake in Century Aluminum Company (CENX) Cabot Corporation (CBT) Shares Sold by HBK Investments L P 12,294 Shares in FLIR Systems, Inc. (FLIR) Acquired by HBK Investments L P Private Wealth Advisors Inc. Continues to Hold Stake in Oracle Corporation (ORCL) AT&T Inc. (T) Position Reduced by Waldron LP Waters Parkerson & CO. LLC Has $26,702,000 Position in Intel Corporation (INTC) Edmond de Rothschild Europe Continues to Hold Stake in McDonald’s Corporation (MCD) Bristol-Myers Squibb Company (BMY) Position Cut by Krasney Financial LLC Home Depot, Inc. (The) (HD) Position Raised by Krasney Financial LLC Krasney Financial LLC Has $1,556,000 Position in Amgen Inc. (AMGN) Spears Abacus Advisors LLC Holds Stake in International Business Machines Corporation (IBM) McDonald’s Corporation (MCD) Stake Decreased by Godshalk Welsh Capital Management Inc. Verizon Communications Inc. (VZ) Shares Bought by Johnson Investment Counsel Inc. Johnson Investment Counsel Inc. Cuts Position in Bristol-Myers Squibb Company (BMY) NewMarket Corporation (NEU) Position Held by Advantus Capital Management Inc Traders Buy Shares of Exelon Corporation (EXC) on Weakness Following Weak Earnings February 9th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Tyrone Williams Filed Under: Finance - Price Articles Tweet Investors bought shares of Exelon Corporation (NYSE:EXC) on weakness during trading on Wednesday after the company announced weaker than expected quarterly earnings. $67.15 million flowed into the stock on the tick-up and $52.35 million flowed out of the stock on the tick-down, for a money net flow of $14.80 million into the stock. Of all companies tracked, Exelon Corporation had the 29th highest net in-flow for the day. Exelon Corporation traded down ($0.78) for the day and closed at $35.23The energy giant reported $0.44 earnings per share for the quarter, missing analysts’ consensus estimates of $0.45 by $0.01. Exelon Corporation had a net margin of 3.88% and a return on equity of 8.81%. The company had revenue of $8.05 billion for the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $7.91 billion. During the same period in the previous year, the business earned $0.38 EPS. Exelon Corporation’s revenue for the quarter was up 20.5% compared to the same quarter last year. The business also recently disclosed a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Friday, March 10th. Investors of record on Wednesday, February 15th will be given a dividend of $0.3275 per share. The ex-dividend date is Monday, February 13th. This represents a $1.31 dividend on an annualized basis and a yield of 3.76%. This is an increase from Exelon Corporation’s previous quarterly dividend of $0.32. Exelon Corporation’s dividend payout ratio (DPR) is presently 94.78%. A number of equities research analysts recently weighed in on EXC shares. Deutsche Bank AG reaffirmed a “buy” rating and set a $38.00 price objective on shares of Exelon Corporation in a research report on Friday, October 21st. Jefferies Group LLC reissued a “buy” rating and issued a $37.00 price target (up previously from $36.00) on shares of Exelon Corporation in a report on Friday, October 28th. Morgan Stanley raised Exelon Corporation from an “equal weight” rating to an “overweight” rating and raised their price target for the stock from $27.00 to $37.00 in a report on Friday, November 18th. They noted that the move was a valuation call. Citigroup Inc raised Exelon Corporation from a “sell” rating to a “neutral” rating in a report on Friday, December 2nd. Finally, Zacks Investment Research raised Exelon Corporation from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $40.00 target price for the company in a report on Wednesday, December 28th. Four equities research analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and ten have issued a buy rating to the stock. The stock currently has a consensus rating of “Buy” and an average price target of $37.81. In other Exelon Corporation news, Chairman Mayo A. Shattuck III sold 442,851 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction on Tuesday, December 13th. The stock was sold at an average price of $34.85, for a total transaction of $15,433,357.35. Following the transaction, the chairman now owns 660,500 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $23,018,425. The transaction was disclosed in a filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is accessible through this link. Also, Chairman Mayo A. Shattuck III sold 68,519 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction on Thursday, December 8th. The stock was sold at an average price of $33.89, for a total value of $2,322,108.91. Following the transaction, the chairman now directly owns 433,938 shares in the company, valued at approximately $14,706,158.82. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. 0.80% of the stock is currently owned by insiders. Institutional investors have recently added to or reduced their stakes in the company. Price T Rowe Associates Inc. MD raised its position in Exelon Corporation by 13.9% in the third quarter. Price T Rowe Associates Inc. MD now owns 41,934,992 shares of the energy giant’s stock worth $1,396,016,000 after buying an additional 5,128,151 shares during the period. Equity Investment Corp Acquisition Inc acquired a new position in shares of Exelon Corporation during the fourth quarter valued at approximately $135,137,000. JPMorgan Chase & Co. raised its position in shares of Exelon Corporation by 208.0% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 4,531,848 shares of the energy giant’s stock valued at $150,865,000 after buying an additional 3,060,506 shares during the period. Russell Investments Group Ltd. acquired a new position in shares of Exelon Corporation during the fourth quarter valued at approximately $50,912,000. Finally, LNZ Capital LP raised its position in shares of Exelon Corporation by 74.9% in the second quarter. LNZ Capital LP now owns 2,802,163 shares of the energy giant’s stock valued at $101,887,000 after buying an additional 1,199,888 shares during the period. 75.15% of the stock is currently owned by institutional investors. The firm has a market cap of $32.18 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 26.12 and a beta of 0.26. The company’s 50-day moving average is $35.47 and its 200 day moving average is $34.24. WARNING: This article was first posted by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are accessing this article on another site, it was copied illegally and reposted in violation of US and international trademark & copyright law. The original version of this article can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/02/09/traders-buy-shares-of-exelon-corporation-exc-on-weakness-following-weak-earnings.html. About Exelon Corporation Exelon Corporation is a utility services holding company. The Company operates through nine segments consisting of Exelon Generation Company, LLC’s (Generation’s) six power marketing segments, including Mid-Atlantic, Midwest, New England, New York, ERCOT and other regions; Commonwealth Edison Company (ComEd); PECO Energy Company (PECO), and Baltimore Gas and Electric Company (BGE). Receive News & Ratings for Exelon Corporation Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Exelon Corporation and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News White House Announces Conway Was Counseled Warren Receives Support After GOP Formally Silences Her Report: Trump Was Not Completely Briefed on Bannon NSC Seat Justice Department Will Challenge Stop to Travel Ban President Trump Cancels Harley-Davidson Trip Due to Possible Protests © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
