Bloomberg the Company & Its ProductsBloomberg Anywhere Remote LoginBloomberg Anywhere LoginBloomberg Terminal Demo Request Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Philanthropy & Engagement Bloomberg London Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Philanthropy & Engagement Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Bloomberg London Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Advertising Bloomberg Media Distribution Bloomberg Live Conferences Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center MENU Homepage Markets Stocks Currencies Commodities Rates + Bonds Economics Magazine Benchmark Watchlist Economic Calendar Tech U.S. Global Startups Cybersecurity Digital Media Bloomberg Technology TV Hello World Studio 1.0 Pursuits Cars & Bikes Style & Grooming Spend Watches & Gadgets Food & Drinks Travel Real Estate Art & Design Politics With All Due Respect Global Risk Briefing How We’ll Know if Trump Is Making America Great Again Tracking Trump’s Web of Conflicts The Inauguration of Donald J. Trump On the March in Trump’s Capital Opinion View Gadfly Businessweek Subscribe Cover Stories Opening Remarks Etc Features 85th Anniversary Issue Behind The Cover More Science + Energy Graphics Game Plan Small Business Personal Finance Inspire GO The David Rubenstein Show Sponsored Content Bloomberg About The Company Sign In Sign In Subscribe Hedge Funds Risk Treasuries Wipeout After Bearish Bets Soar by Brian Chappatta @BChappatta More stories by Brian Chappatta and Liz McCormick @mccormickliz More stories by Liz McCormick January 22, 2017, 7:00 PM EST January 23, 2017, 3:00 PM EST Leveraged funds boosted short positions to record this month JPMorgan says ‘real money’ should buy after backup in yields Why There's a Showdown Looming in the Treasury Market There’s a big showdown looming in the U.S. Treasury market. The “fast money,” made up of hedge funds and other speculators, upped its bearish bets like never before this month, based on futures data for five-year notes. At the same time, “real-money” accounts, composed of institutional buyers like mutual funds and insurers, did the opposite and built up their bullish positions in much the same way. Your cheat sheet on life, in one weekly email. Get our weekly Game Plan newsletter. Sign Up Business Your guide to the most important business stories of the day, every day. You will now receive the Business newsletter Politics The latest political news, analysis, charts, and dispatches from Washington. You will now receive the Politics newsletter Markets The most important market news of the day. So you can sleep an extra five minutes. You will now receive the Markets newsletter Technology Insights into what you'll be paying for, downloading and plugging in tomorrow and 10 years from now. You will now receive the Technology newsletter Pursuits What to eat, drink, wear and drive – in real life and your dreams. You will now receive the Pursuits newsletter What will happen, especially in the era of Donald Trump, is anyone’s guess. But for JPMorgan Chase & Co.’s Jay Barry, the speculators are sowing their own demise. While Treasuries have suffered five straight months of losses, fast-money investors tend to be reliable contrarian indicators whenever they crowd together. More than 75 percent of the time, the market moves the other way over the following month, his figures show. The recent backup in yields is already starting to lure long-term investors back into Treasuries. “I’m surprised the speculative data remains as short as it does,” said Barry, a U.S. fixed-income strategist at JPMorgan. The disparity isn’t just a difference of opinion. In important ways, it reflects deeper questions about the direction of the U.S. economy. Some investors see President Trump as a game-changer, whose spending plans will unleash growth (which has failed to top 3 percent in any year since the recession ended in 2009) and spur higher borrowing costs. Others see demographics, high debt levels and income inequality as structural reasons for growth to remain subpar. Read the bond market’s not-so-subtle message to Donald Trump Barry says investors should buy five-year notes because they’re currently a better value than shorter- or longer-dated U.S. securities. Winning Strategy? Since early July, yields on five-year Treasuries have roughly doubled to 1.87 percent. Much of the selloff has occurred since November, when Trump’s upset victory in the presidential election led to speculation his policies will result in faster inflation and more interest-rate hikes by the Federal Reserve. Leveraged funds that use borrowed money to boost returns see even more losses ahead. As of Jan. 10, their short positions -- futures that pay off if five-year notes lose value -- exceeded longs by a record 1.1 million contracts, data compiled by the U.S. Commodity Futures Trading Commission show. While it’s been the winning strategy over the past several months, institutional buyers are undaunted. Not only did they boost their long positions for five-year notes to an all-time high this month, but they’ve also stepped up bullish bets on 10- and 30-year Treasuries as well. (Most recent data as of Jan. 17 showed a slight pullback in both institutional net longs and leveraged net shorts.) When real-money investors do go all-in, they tend to overwhelm the fast-money crowd because of their sheer size. In the end, “real money always wins,” said Tom di Galoma, the managing director of government trading and strategy at Seaport Global Holdings. “Speculators tend to get taken out. We’ve seen this occur several times in the last 10 to 15 years, where everybody thinks rates are too low.” Count Prudential Financial Inc.’s Robert Tipp among those in the real-money camp who are taking advantage of the recent selloff. He predicts the bond market’s hysteria over Trump’s proposals to stimulate growth will subside and prompt investors who abandoned Treasuries to return. Wading In “It seems like the bulk of opinion is still leaning toward higher rates,” said Tipp, head of global bonds at Prudential’s PGIM fixed-income division, which oversees more than $650 billion. “I’m dubious.” The firm has been paring its holdings of corporate bonds and adding longer-maturity government debt. A shift back into Treasuries may already be starting. Fixed-income managers who oversee a combined $225 billion held 24.7 percent of their assets in U.S. government debt in the week through Jan. 17, according to a client survey from Stone & McCarthy Research Associates. That’s higher than the average of 24.2 percent in 2016. However, signs of even a slightly more aggressive Fed can still make the bearish trades worthwhile. Last week, Fed Chair Janet Yellen said rates could rise “a few times a year” from now through 2019. That caused five-year yields to soar by the most since the central bank raised rates Dec. 14. In the past, the Fed has been notorious for being too confident about growth and the pace of rate increases. Jason Evans, co-founder of hedge fund NineAlpha Capital LP and the former head of U.S. government bond trading at Deutsche Bank AG, believes this time the central bank will stick by its projections and lift rates three times in 2017. “It’s understandable that there’s going to be a little ebb and flow,” said Evans, who said his firm put on short positions this month. Even so, “we’ll have higher yields later this year. We at least know the direction we’re heading in.” Trump Factor Traders have raised their expectations in the wake of Trump’s victory. The Fed’s effective rate will reach 1.12 percent in a year’s time, based on overnight index swaps. That implies about two more increases in 2017. The day before the election, traders were pricing in a rate of 0.69 percent. Regardless, JPMorgan’s Barry says the fast money should exercise caution when it comes to bets on higher yields. It’s not a foregone conclusion Congress will rubber-stamp all of Trump’s stimulus plans -- which include infrastructure spending, tax cuts and reduced regulation -- as fast as the markets expect. And there’s no guarantee they will immediately translate into higher growth. There’s a risk “when you lean positions too far in one direction,” he said. Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal. LEARN MORE Trending Now Trump Warms to House Republicans’ Proposed Border-Adjusted Tax Trump Greets U.K.'s May as World Leaders Look For Cues China’s Army of Global Homebuyers Is Suddenly Short on Cash Dutch Regulator Accidentally Posts Soros’s Short Positions Scaramucci Scores Millions From Buyer With Mystery Investors Terms of Service Trademarks Privacy Policy ©2017 Bloomberg L.P. All Rights Reserved Careers Made in NYC Advertise Ad Choices Website Feedback Help
Budget newsDemonetisation news | E-Paper Sections Home Companies Industry Politics Money Opinion Lounge Consumer Budget 2017 More... MultimediaScienceEducationSportsSpecials People Results Management Start-ups Financial Services Manufacturing Retail Telecom Infotech Infrastructure Education World Reports Agriculture Marketinfo Mint 50 Mark to Market Markets Ask Mint Money Calculators Mediclaim Ratings Views Online Views Columns Quick Edit Blogs Lounge Business of Life Slideshows Videos Technology Videos Marketing Research Personal Tech Media Advertising Reclaiming safe public spaces 2017: New year, new beginnings The year of surprise PRESENTING SPONSOR CO-SPONSOR PARTNERS Home » Companies Last Modified: Mon, Jan 23 2017. 02 11 PM IST Green Investment Bank, Oman SGRF eye stake in Leap Green Energy State General Reserve Fund of Oman’s interest follows Prime Minister Narendra Modi’s pitch for investment during his Saudi visit in August 2016 Subscribe to our newsletter. Reghu BalakrishnanUtpal Bhaskar Photo: Bloomberg Mumbai/New Delhi: State General Reserve Fund of Oman (SGRF) and UK Green Investment Bank Plc. (GIB) are in separate talks to acquire a stake in JPMorgan-backed Leap Green Energy Pvt. Ltd, four people familiar with the development said. SGRF manages the oil and gas revenues of the energy-rich Oman and has a diversified portfolio in 25 countries. GIB is UK government owned and finances green projects. Mint reported on 18 August 2015 that JPMorgan Asset Management Holdings Inc., the investment arm of JPMorgan Chase and Co., plans to sell half its stake in Leap Green Energy. “SGRF is interested in acquiring a stake in Leap Green. JPMorgan has been looking for a buyer for some time now,” said one of the four people cited above, requesting anonymity. A second person, one of the four cited above, who also didn’t wish to be identified, confirmed SGRF’s interest in acquiring a stake in Leap Green. SGRF’s interest comes in the backdrop of sovereign wealth funds from West Asia developing an interest in the Indian clean energy space following Prime Minister Narendra Modi’s pitch for investment during his UAE visit in August. Dubai’s sovereign wealth fund, Investment Corp. of Dubai through its subsidiary Dubal Holding Llc is scouting for investments in an Indian renewable energy platform, Mint reported on Thursday. ALSO READ | Investment Corp. of Dubai eyes India renewable energy investments JPMorgan holds about 75% stake in Leap Green Energy, acquired in tranches since 2010. Leap Green Energy, founded in 2006, is promoted by former Formula 1 driver Narain Karthikeyan’s family. JPMorgan has a total investment of about $100 million in Leap Green Energy. “GIB has also evinced interest for a minority stake in Leap Green Energy,” said a third person, requesting anonymity. Established in 2012, GIB invests through five funds including a £200 million fund dedicated for India and African nations. “JPMorgan has no immediate plans to offload control stake. While JPMorgan will sell part stake, promoter will raise primary money through stake dilution,” said a fourth person who also didn’t wish to be identified. According to information available on SGRF’s website, Oman India Joint Investment Fund, an India-focused private equity fund, has raised $220 million for its second fund and is targeting a corpus of $300 million by the end of 2017. Experts say that more foreign investors coming to the Indian green energy sector is good news for the industry. “Indian power sector is seeing continued and enthusiastic response from international investors post the development in cleaning up the distribution sector,” said Sambitosh Mohapatra, partner, energy, PwC India. In the meantime, the UK government is all set to sell GIB to Macquarie Group Ltd and the deal is expected to close soon. The sale of the Edinburgh-based bank is on track to be completed before the end of March, in line with the deadline the government set when it announced the privatization this year, Bloomberg reported last month. While a JPMorgan spokesperson declined to comment, Rajeev Karthikeyan, managing director of Leap Green Energy didn’t respond to phone calls and a message left on his cellphone. A message left in his office also remained unanswered. Queries sent to SGRF, UK Green Investment Bank and Macquarie Group remained unanswered. GIB could be valued at as much as £4.2 billion ($5.2 billion), including investments that the new owners will be expected to make over the next three years, Bloomberg reported citing Shaun Kingsbury, the bank’s chief executive. Recent large deals in the Indian clean energy space include Tata Power Co. Ltd buying the entire 1.1 gigawatt renewable energy portfolio of Welspun Energy Ltd for $1.4 billion and Hyderabad-based Greenko Energies Pvt. Ltd, backed by Singapore’s sovereign wealth fund GIC Holdings Pte. and Abu Dhabi Investment Authority, acquiring SunEdison’s Indian assets for $392 million last year. Reghu BalakrishnanUtpal Bhaskar Topics: Leap Green Energystake saleOman SGRFGreen Investment BankJPMorgan More From Livemint READ MORE Reliance Group and Dassault’s joint venture gets CCI approval Mahyco Monsanto asks Delhi HC to hear case on price control of Bt cotton seeds Colgate-Palmolive Q3 net profit declines 22.58% to Rs128 crore First Published: Mon, Jan 23 2017. 04 50 AM IST Editor's Picks Why we should be wary of ‘viral’ narratives about economic policy BSE listing: Sebi sets process to address potential conflict A portrait of a soldier’s wife Latest News Reliance Group and Dassault’s joint venture gets CCI approval Mahyco Monsanto asks Delhi HC to hear case on price control of Bt cotton seeds Colgate-Palmolive Q3 net profit declines 22.58% to Rs128 crore Demonetisation in-principle was good, but didn’t work: Bimal Jalan Aditya Birla Group to invest Rs7,000 crore in Andhra Pradesh over next two years Mint On Sunday How India chased off the run-chase blues Why Kamaraj does not have to wake up early this year The humanity of intelligence Dangal: Do we celebrate a father like this? A sushi master’s five simple rules for not embarrassing yourself Home Companies Opinion Industry Politics Consumer Lounge Multimedia Money Sitemap Subscribe Contact Us Mint Code Privacy policy Terms of Use Advertising Mint Apps About Us Syndication Mint on Sunday RSS Hindustan Times Desimartini Copyright © 2017 HT Media Ltd. All Rights Reserved Close Home Companies Industry Politics Money Opinion Lounge Budget 2017 Multimedia Consumer Science Education Sports Specials Close
Never miss a great news story! Get instant notifications from Economic Times AllowNot now You can switch off notifications anytime using browser settings. SECTIONS ET APPS ET Android AppET iPhone AppET iPad AppET Wealth Android AppET Blackberry AppET Nokia AppET Markets Android AppET Markets iPhone AppET Money Android App ENGLISH हिन्दीગુજરાતી SIGN-IN FOLLOW US FACEBOOKTWITTERYOUTUBELINKEDINGOOGLE PLUSRSS Home Budget 2017MarketsNewsIndustrySmall BizPoliticsWealthMF TechJobsOpinionBlogsNRIMagazinesSlideshowsET NOWSpeedET Portfolio Markets Stocks IPOs/FPOs Market Stats Market Moguls Expert View Technicals Technical ChartVisualizeScreener Commodities ViewsNews Precious MetalsGold Petal DelhiGold PetalSilver MicroGold MGoldSilver MSilverGold GuineaSilver 1000OthersMentha Oil Oil & EnergyCrude Oil MiniBrent Crude OilNatural GasCrude OilOil Seeds & OilsCrude Palm OilCastor SeedSpicesCardamomPlantationKapasCotton Base MetalsLead MiniNickel MiniLeadAluminium MiniAluminiumNickelCopper MiniCopperZinc MiniZinc Forex Mobile Apps ET Markets Android AppET Markets iPhone App More BondsStock GameChartMantra Technicals Trading GameWebinarsSitemapDefinitions NewsLive BlogTrendsRecosEarningsETMarkets PodcastMarket PaathshalaAnnouncementsPolicyMarket CalendarStock Price Quotes ET Home›Markets›Stocks›News 04:05 PM | 27 Janmarket stats SENSEX 27,882174.32 NIFTY 50 8,64138.50 GOLD (MCX) (Rs/10g.) 28,360-25.00 USD/INR 68.03-0.05 Portfolio Loading... Select Portfolio and Asset Combination for Display on Market Band Select Portfolio Select Asset Class Stocks MF ETF Show More CREATE PORTFOLIO ADD INVESTMENT Download ET MARKETS APP Get ET Markets in your own language DOWNLOAD THE APP NOW +91 CHOOSE LANGUAGE ENG ENG - English HIN - हिन्दी GUJ - ગુજરાતી MAR - मराठी BEN - বাংলা KAN - ಕನ್ನಡ ORI - ଓଡିଆ TEL - తెలుగు TAM - தமிழ் Sensex rallies 174 points, Nifty50 tops 8,640; ICICI Bank top gainer Drag according to your convenience ET NOW RADIO ET NOW TIMES NOW For JPMorgan, buying junk bonds is the debt market Trump trade By Bloomberg | Updated: Jan 23, 2017, 09.42 AM IST Post a Comment READ MORE ON » yield | Trump | risk | Recession | Market | Interviews | earnings Budget 2017: This Budget could be the toughest test of Modi's life. Read about it in our Budget 2017 coverage NEW YORK: JP Morgan Asset Management is boosting its holdings of high-yield debt on the expectation that President Donald Trump's policies will fuel domestic growth and improve corporate earnings, strengthening the balance sheets of junk-rated companies. Following the election, the firm nearly tripled its exposure to junk bonds in its unconstrained debt fund, which permits shifts of that magnitude, and raised its exposure “meaningfully“ across the board, according to Bob Michele, who oversees $470 billion as the chief investment officer and head of global fixed income, currency and commodities at the firm's $1.8 trillion asset management arm. “This is historically the largest move we've ever made,“ he said in an interview. The reallocation comes as many on Wall Street are sounding alarms that the junk bond rally has gone too far. The Bloomberg Barclays High Yield Index returned more than 17%in 2016 as yields fell steadily throughout the year -and bullish sentiment since November 8 has pushed them even lower. Strategists like Bank of America Corp's Michael Contopoulos have warned investors not to pile in to the crowded trade, especially as yields approach their all-time lows. Michele derived his take on Trump from what he considered common themes in his campaign speeches, interviews, post-election statements and cabinet picks. “When you listen to the rhetoric, its pro-business and pro-growth,“ he said, pointing to Trump's pledges of fiscal stimulus and deregulation as talking points that fit that mold. In JPMorgan's $2.8 billion unconstrained debt fund net high-yield exposure now stands at 35%. To reach that level, Michele not only added new junk-rated assets but also closed out all of his credit hedges, leaving in place only hedges on interest rate risk. In addition to boosting its junk allocation after the election, JPMorgan revised its macro predictions more dramatically than ever before, Michele said. The firm raised its forecast for the probability of “above trend“ growth to 65% from 10%and slashed its expectation for a recession to 5 percent from 25%. The firm's managers expect highyield overall will likely return between 8% and 10% in 2017, Michele said. The average expectation on Wall Street is less ebullient, between 4% and 6%. Stay on top of business news with The Economic Times App. Download it Now! DON'T MISSany stories, follow us on TwitterFollow FROM AROUND THE WEB Save this IIT aspirant from Kidney Failure! Milaap 10 people most affected by Modi’s anti-black money campaign CRITICSUNION Lodha Palava Smart city @Kalyan Shil Rd 1,2&3 bhk @37lac+ Lodha Palava Smart City Mumbai MORE FROM ECONOMIC TIMES Cisco to buy AppDynamics for $3.7 billion in growth push Air Force One - Perks of being the US President Australian Open: Roger Federer still the swiss king READ MORE ON » yield | Trump | risk | Recession | Market | Interviews | earnings To post this comment you must Log In/Connect with:Indiatimes Network or Fill in your details: Will be displayed Will not be displayed Will be displayed Share this Comment:Post to Twitter Have something to say? Post your comment To post this comment you must Log In/Connect with:Indiatimes Network Fill in your details: Will be displayed Will not be displayed Will be displayed Share this Comment:Post to Twitter Most Read Most Shared Most Commented Property sales may drop 30% in 2017; realty, related stocks up for more pain 11 smallcaps that surged up to 485% as Nifty reclaimed 8,600 in 60 sessions First merged Budget in 92 years: Top rail-linked stocks to watch Measures expected from Union Budget that could impact markets Pre-Budget rally: Sensex rallies 900 pts in four days despite odds; 3 reasons why More » Get a Quote Browse CompaniesABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZ|123456789 Browse Mutual FundsABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZ The Economic Times Live Market News Portfolio Mobile Live TV Newsletter Commodities Speed QnA Blogs Alerts RSS Other Times Group news sitesTimes of India|इकनॉमिक टाइम्स ઈકોનોમિક ટાઈમ્સ|Mumbai Mirror Times Now|Indiatimes नवभारत टाइम्स|महाराष्ट्र टाइम्स ವಿಜಯ ಕರ್ನಾಟಕ|Lifehacker Gizmodo|Eisamay|IGN India NavGujarat Samay Living and entertainmentTimescity|iDiva|Zoom| Luxpresso|Gaana|Happytrips| Cricbuzz|Get Smartapp Networkingitimes|MensXP.com Hot on the WebUnion Budget|Income Tax calculator Income Tax Slabs|Budget 2017 UP & Punjab Assembly Elections 2017|BUDGET 2017-What's Cheaper & Expensive Sensex, Nifty Live Servicesads2book|Gadgetsnow|Free Business Listings Simplymarry|Astrospeak|Timesjobs|Magicbricks|Zigwheels|Timesdeal| dineout|Filmipop|Remit2india|Gaana|Greetzap|Techradar|Alivear| Google Play | Manage Notifications About us/Advertise with us/Terms of Use & Grievance Redressal/Privacy Policy/Feedback/Sitemap/Code of Ethics//Disclaimer Copyright © 2017 Bennett, Coleman & Co. Ltd. All rights reserved. BACK TO TOP Digg Google Bookmarks StumbleUpon Reddit Newsvine Live Bookmarks Technorati Yahoo Bookmarks Blogmarks Del.icio.us ApnaCircle Mail This Article My Saved ArticlesSign inSign up Find this comment offensive? Choose your reason below and click on the Report button. This will alert our moderators to take actionName Reason for reporting:Foul languageSlanderousInciting hatred against a certain communityOthers Your Reason has been Reported to the admin.
Follow P&I on Investors urged to look hard at routing Recent settlements over market makers providing misleading information on equity trades have put institutional investors on notice that they need to take a closer look of how their trades are routed. To view this content, please login or register now. Register for FREE Get access to the latest news on pionline.com Register today and you also get a free two week trial to P&I Daily, our online subscription with full access to all current and archived stories plus the latest industry searches, hires, and RFPs. Register Now Please Log In E-mail  Password  Forgot your password? Remember Me Copyright © 2017 Crain Communications Inc., All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy | Terms & Conditions | Contact Us  
Investing Trading Strategies0 How to Turn Any Protest into Profits Trading Strategies0 JPMorgan's CEO Sees Profits Ahead. Are You Ready? Trading Strategies0 What I Got Right (and Wrong) in 2016 Trading Strategies0 Why Sears Is Still the Most Dangerous Stock on Wall Street Trading Strategies0 Part Two: Big Changes Will Produce Big Profits for Savvy Investors 2 2017: Big Changes Will Produce Big Profits for Savvy Investors Get the Latest Trading Insight with Keith Fitz-Gerald Total Wealth Research Subscribe to this free eLetter! High Velocity Profits Private service. Not a member? The Money Map Report Private service. Not a member? Learn more about Keith Fitz-Gerald Keith Fitz-Gerald close Trading Investing Ideas0 This Market Correction Omen Just Isn't What It Used to Be Investing Ideas0 If You're Not In, You Need to Get In Now – Here Are Three New Positions Investing Ideas0 Trump's New Policy Has Everyone Talking – Here's What You Have to Say Investing Ideas0 Why Trump's Tax Plan Is a Slap in the Face to the Middle Class Investing Ideas1 How Trump's Supposed "Tax Cut" Could Actually Get Companies to Pay More Washington2 How to Play the Markets Before Trump's Inauguration Get the Latest Trading Insight with Shah Gilani Wall Street Insights & Indictments Subscribe to this free eLetter! Captial Wave Forecast Private service. Not a member? Short-Side Fortunes Private service. Not a member? Learn more about Shah Gilani Shah Gilani close Credit Markets Global Markets0 We Called This Flashing Danger Signal Back in October – Here's What's Next Global Markets0 Here's What to Do If Trump Kills the Dollar Global Markets0 Get In on the Ground Floor for This Retail Meltdown Global Markets0 Your Pre-Inauguration Market Briefing Global Markets0 This Is the Only Number That Can "Switch Off" the Bull Market Washington14 The Biggest, Most Destructive Lie the Government Tells (and Why They Keep Telling It) Get the Latest Markets Insight with Michael Lewitt Sure Money Investor Subscribe to this free eLetter! Learn more about Michael Lewitt Michael Lewitt close Options Options0 Why "Buy-and-Hold" Is the Worst Path to Retirement Options0 The Eternal "Safe Haven" Wall Street Is Hiding from You Options0 How to Play Apple This Quarter Options0 Why You Shouldn't Short Healthcare Stocks Ahead of Trump's Inauguration Options0 The One Reason Faraday Will Not Become the Next Tesla Options0 Avoid the Most Dangerous Inauguration "Advice" Trending Right Now Get the Latest Options Insight with Tom Gentile Power Profit Trades Subscribe to this free eLetter! Money Calendar Alert Private service. Not a member? Learn more about Tom Gentile Tom Gentile close Technology Technology0 I Just Updated My 2017 Legal Marijuana Forecast Stocks6 Marijuana Investing in 2017 Just Got Even Brighter Technology0 The Secret to Tech Investing Isn't Always "Disruption" Technology0 These Shares Are Why the Nasdaq Will Clobber the Rest in 2017 Technology0 While Everyone Else Is Distracted, Stay Focused Here Technology0 One Way to Thrive in the Jobless Future Get the Latest Technology Insight with Michael Robinson Strategic Tech Investor Subscribe to this free eLetter! Nova-X Report Private service. Not a member? Radical Technology Profits Private service. Not a member? Learn more about Michael Robinson Michael Robinson close Energy Oil0 Why You Shouldn't Hold Your Breath for the Keystone XL Pipeline Oil0 You're About to Get the "Inside Scoop" on Global Energy Oil0 Don't Be Fooled by This Oil Myth Oil0 OPEC's Oil Deal Has a Surprising Downside… for OPEC Oil1 The Little-Known Energy Sector That's Now in Trump's Crosshairs 0 Exactly How Rising U.S. Production Is Affecting You Get the Latest Oil & Energy Insight with Dr. Kent Moors Oil & Energy Investor Subscribe to this free eLetter! Energy Advantage Private service. Not a member? Energy Inner Circle Private service. Not a member? Learn more about Dr. Moors Dr. Kent Moors close LoginMy Member Benefitsarchivesresearchyour teamabout usFAQLog out Share This Article Facebook LinkedIn Twitter Google+ Reddit Print Email Pinterest Delicious StumbleUpon Gmail Yahoo Tumblr Digg Private Briefing with WILLIAM PATALON III, Executive Editor Shah Says "There's Always a Place to Make Money" – and Gives Us Three Places to Do So I still remember the conversation. In fact, I can “see” it in my mind. Full Story This is premium content for paid-up Private Briefing subscribers only. How would you like to put an extra $125,000 in your nest egg? You can potentially do it this year - and you'll only have to risk $20 to learn how. Click here. Our FlagshipMoney Morning Michael A. Robinson'sStrategic Tech Investor Shah Gilani'sWall Street Insights & Indictments Access YourProfit Alerts Keith Fitz-Gerald'sTotal Wealth Dr. Kent Moors'Oil & Energy Investor Tom Gentile'sPower Profit Trades Michael Lewitt's Sure Money Research ServicesMoney Map Press Archives Research Your Team About Us FAQ Videos Login to My Account Visit Money Map Press Forget your password? Not a member? Investing Trading Strategies0 How to Turn Any Protest into Profits Trading Strategies0 JPMorgan's CEO Sees Profits Ahead. Are You Ready? Trading Strategies0 What I Got Right (and Wrong) in 2016 Trading Strategies0 Why Sears Is Still the Most Dangerous Stock on Wall Street Trading Strategies0 Part Two: Big Changes Will Produce Big Profits for Savvy Investors 2 2017: Big Changes Will Produce Big Profits for Savvy Investors Get the Latest Trading Insight with Keith Fitz-Gerald Total Wealth Research Subscribe to this free eLetter! High Velocity Profits Private service. Not a member? The Money Map Report Private service. Not a member? Learn more about Keith Fitz-Gerald Keith Fitz-Gerald close Trading Investing Ideas0 This Market Correction Omen Just Isn't What It Used to Be Investing Ideas0 If You're Not In, You Need to Get In Now – Here Are Three New Positions Investing Ideas0 Trump's New Policy Has Everyone Talking – Here's What You Have to Say Investing Ideas0 Why Trump's Tax Plan Is a Slap in the Face to the Middle Class Investing Ideas1 How Trump's Supposed "Tax Cut" Could Actually Get Companies to Pay More Washington2 How to Play the Markets Before Trump's Inauguration Get the Latest Trading Insight with Shah Gilani Wall Street Insights & Indictments Subscribe to this free eLetter! Captial Wave Forecast Private service. Not a member? Short-Side Fortunes Private service. Not a member? Learn more about Shah Gilani Shah Gilani close Credit Markets Global Markets0 We Called This Flashing Danger Signal Back in October – Here's What's Next Global Markets0 Here's What to Do If Trump Kills the Dollar Global Markets0 Get In on the Ground Floor for This Retail Meltdown Global Markets0 Your Pre-Inauguration Market Briefing Global Markets0 This Is the Only Number That Can "Switch Off" the Bull Market Washington14 The Biggest, Most Destructive Lie the Government Tells (and Why They Keep Telling It) Get the Latest Markets Insight with Michael Lewitt Sure Money Investor Subscribe to this free eLetter! Learn more about Michael Lewitt Michael Lewitt close Options Options0 Why "Buy-and-Hold" Is the Worst Path to Retirement Options0 The Eternal "Safe Haven" Wall Street Is Hiding from You Options0 How to Play Apple This Quarter Options0 Why You Shouldn't Short Healthcare Stocks Ahead of Trump's Inauguration Options0 The One Reason Faraday Will Not Become the Next Tesla Options0 Avoid the Most Dangerous Inauguration "Advice" Trending Right Now Get the Latest Options Insight with Tom Gentile Power Profit Trades Subscribe to this free eLetter! Money Calendar Alert Private service. Not a member? Learn more about Tom Gentile Tom Gentile close Technology Technology0 I Just Updated My 2017 Legal Marijuana Forecast Stocks6 Marijuana Investing in 2017 Just Got Even Brighter Technology0 The Secret to Tech Investing Isn't Always "Disruption" Technology0 These Shares Are Why the Nasdaq Will Clobber the Rest in 2017 Technology0 While Everyone Else Is Distracted, Stay Focused Here Technology0 One Way to Thrive in the Jobless Future Get the Latest Technology Insight with Michael Robinson Strategic Tech Investor Subscribe to this free eLetter! Nova-X Report Private service. Not a member? Radical Technology Profits Private service. Not a member? Learn more about Michael Robinson Michael Robinson close Energy Oil0 Why You Shouldn't Hold Your Breath for the Keystone XL Pipeline Oil0 You're About to Get the "Inside Scoop" on Global Energy Oil0 Don't Be Fooled by This Oil Myth Oil0 OPEC's Oil Deal Has a Surprising Downside… for OPEC Oil1 The Little-Known Energy Sector That's Now in Trump's Crosshairs 0 Exactly How Rising U.S. Production Is Affecting You Get the Latest Oil & Energy Insight with Dr. Kent Moors Oil & Energy Investor Subscribe to this free eLetter! Energy Advantage Private service. Not a member? Energy Inner Circle Private service. Not a member? Learn more about Dr. Moors Dr. Kent Moors close HOME Email this Article Send with mail | ahoo instead. To: Required Needs to be a valid email From: Required Needs to be a valid email Subject: Trump's "Make America Great Again" Promise Is Already a Boon for This Favorite Message: URL: http://mney.co/2iWqUpT 8  +  8  =  Required Please enter the correct value. Share Email this Article Send with mail | ahoo instead. To: Required Needs to be a valid email From: Required Needs to be a valid email Subject: Trump's "Make America Great Again" Promise Is Already a Boon for This Favorite Message: URL: http://mney.co/2iWqUpT  −  one  =  zero Required Please enter the correct value. get daily headlines subscribe now! today's private briefing Twitter Private Briefing Trump's "Make America Great Again" Promise Is Already a Boon for This Favorite By William Patalon III, Executive Editor, Money Morning • January 21, 2017 View Comments Start the conversation Leave a Reply Click here to cancel reply. Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Name * Email * Website 6  +  seven  =  Comment Some HTML is OK Sign me up for the Money Morning newsletter William Patalon III We don't follow Wall Street's lead, but we love it when it follows ours. Recently, JPMorgan Chase & Co. (NYSE: JPM) upgraded its rating for water-equipment company - and Private Briefingfavorite - Pentair PLC (NYSE:PNR) from "Neutral" to "Overweight." Because President Donald Trump promises to spend so much - up to a $1 trillion - on infrastructure improvements, Wall Street is finally starting to wake to the real potential in Pentair. But the truth is, this Minneapolis-based company is going to benefit regardless of whether Trump's "Make America Great Again" infrastructure plans get through Congress or not. Pentair manufacturers a wide variety of products for the energy, agricultural, and industrial sectors. But its main bailiwick is water. This is premium content for Private Briefing subscribers only. As the executive editor of Money Morning, Bill Patalon has perfected a secret investment strategy that could help you put an extra $125K into your portfolio - this year. To date, Bill has used this strategy to pick 257 winning investments, including 192 double- and triple-digit peak gains. Once you see the secret, you'll immediately understand why it works so well. (1) COMMENTS (0) FACEBOOK COMMENTS TAGS eewojo | January 22, 2017 Trump has vowed to fight the exit of American firms to tax havens. What impact will Pentair's foreign corporate status have in a Buy American world of Trump? Reply Leave a Reply Click here to cancel reply. Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Name * Email * Website three  +  seven  =  Comment Some HTML is OK Sign me up for the Money Morning newsletter Private Briefing with WILLIAM PATALON III, Executive Editor TODAY'S INSIGHT Shah Says "There's Always a Place to Make Money" – and Gives Us Three Places to Do So Forget your password? Not a member? Expert Content Articles By Keith Fitz-Gerald Trading StrategiesHow to Turn Any Protest into Profits Trading StrategiesJPMorgan's CEO Sees Profits Ahead. Are You Ready? Trading StrategiesWhat I Got Right (and Wrong) in 2016 TechnologyI Just Updated My 2017 Legal Marijuana Forecast Stocks6Marijuana Investing in 2017 Just Got Even Brighter TechnologyThe Secret to Tech Investing Isn't Always "Disruption" Investing IdeasThis Market Correction Omen Just Isn't What It Used to Be Investing IdeasIf You're Not In, You Need to Get In Now – Here Are Three New Positions Investing IdeasTrump's New Policy Has Everyone Talking – Here's What You Have to Say OilWhy You Shouldn't Hold Your Breath for the Keystone XL Pipeline OilYou're About to Get the "Inside Scoop" on Global Energy OilDon't Be Fooled by This Oil Myth Trading Strategies1Double Your Money on the 2017 Rally with These Six Picks Trading Strategies1How Not to Lose Everything and Die Broke Technology2This “Digital Hostage Crisis” Play Is All Upside Latest News January 27, 2017 By Garrett Baldwin Leave a Comment Dow Jones Industrial Average Today Falls After Weak Q4 GDP Report January 27, 2017 By Money Morning Staff Reports Leave a Comment Trump's Cabinet Net Worth: 30 Times That of George W.'s Cabinet January 27, 2017 By Tom Gentile Leave a Comment Why "Buy-and-Hold" Is the Worst Path to Retirement Trending Posts 9468 Reads 65 Likes Marijuana Investing in 2017 Just Got Even Brighter Michael released his extremely bullish marijuana investing forecast for the year. Now, we're seeing legislative "pushback" in some states. But the outlook for the industry is even stronger than it was... 9187 Reads 97 Likes Top Marijuana Stocks This Week (Jan. 23) What are the top marijuana stocks to watch this week? Here's everything you need to know... Today's Markets DJIA -7.13 (0.04%) 20,093.78 NASDAQ 5.60 (0.10%) 5,660.78 S&P -1.99 (0.09%) 2,294.69 ABOUT MONEY MORNING Money Morning gives you access to a team of ten market experts with more than 250 years of combined investing experience – for free. Our experts – who have appeared on FOXBusiness, CNBC, NPR, and BloombergTV – deliver daily investing tips and stock picks, provide analysis with actions to take, and answer your biggest market questions. Our goal is to help our millions of e-newsletter subscribers and Moneymorning.com visitors become smarter, more confident investors. QUICK LINKS About Us How Money Morning Works FAQs Contact Us Search Article Archive Forgot Username/Password Login to Private Briefing FREE NEWSLETTERS Strategic Tech Investor Oil & Energy Investor Total Wealth Research Wall Street Insights & Indictments Power Profit Trades Sure Money Investor PREMIUM SERVICES Money Map Press Home Money Map Report Energy Advantage Nova-X Report Private BriefingEnergy Inner Circle High Velocity Profits Biotech Insider Alert Capital Wave Forecast Radical Technology Profits Stealth Profits Trader Short-Side Fortunes The Delta Factor Money Calendar Alert Weekly Cash Clock Zenith Trading Circle Get In Touch Like Our Page Follow Us © 2017 Money Morning All Rights Reserved. Protected by copyright of the United States and international treaties. Any reproduction, copying, or redistribution (electronic or otherwise, including the world wide web), of content from this webpage, in whole or in part, is strictly prohibited without the express written permission of Money Morning. Address: 16 W. Madison St. Baltimore, MD, 21201 | Phone: 888.384.8339 I Disclaimer | Sitemap | Privacy Policy | Whitelist Us
Bloomberg the Company & Its ProductsBloomberg Anywhere Remote LoginBloomberg Anywhere LoginBloomberg Terminal Demo Request Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Philanthropy & Engagement Bloomberg London Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Philanthropy & Engagement Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Bloomberg London Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Advertising Bloomberg Media Distribution Bloomberg Live Conferences Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center MENU Homepage Markets Stocks Currencies Commodities Rates + Bonds Economics Magazine Benchmark Watchlist Economic Calendar Tech U.S. Global Startups Cybersecurity Digital Media Bloomberg Technology TV Hello World Studio 1.0 Pursuits Cars & Bikes Style & Grooming Spend Watches & Gadgets Food & Drinks Travel Real Estate Art & Design Politics With All Due Respect Global Risk Briefing How We’ll Know if Trump Is Making America Great Again Tracking Trump’s Web of Conflicts The Inauguration of Donald J. Trump On the March in Trump’s Capital Opinion View Gadfly Businessweek Subscribe Cover Stories Opening Remarks Etc Features 85th Anniversary Issue Behind The Cover More Science + Energy Graphics Game Plan Small Business Personal Finance Inspire GO The David Rubenstein Show Sponsored Content Bloomberg About The Company Sign In Sign In Subscribe Photographer: Andrey Rudakov/Bloomberg Russia Locks In on What’s Wrong With Ruble During Oil Frenzy by Anna Andrianova @AndrianovaAnna More stories by Anna Andrianova January 22, 2017, 4:00 PM EST January 23, 2017, 8:07 AM EST Interventions are back in play as ruble’s volatility in focus Central bank hasn’t purchased foreign currency since mid-2015 Untethering the ruble helped Russia ride out the biggest oil downturn in a generation. But it’s left the world’s biggest energy exporter vulnerable to greater volatility in crude prices as OPEC pushes output cuts. To address that, the Bank of Russia is preparing to wade back into the currency market after an 18-month absence and soak up foreign revenue earned in excess of the $40 oil price assumed in the budget. First Deputy Prime Minister Igor Shuvalov said in an interview last week that currency purchases are possible already at current oil prices. The exchange rate needs to be more “predictable,” Finance Minister Anton Siluanov said on Saturday. “At this stage of economic recovery, Russia would benefit from a stable ruble rather than further potentially excessive appreciation, which could undermine the competitiveness of Russian exporters at the time when the global trade pie seems to be shrinking,” said Piotr Matys, an emerging-market currency strategist at Rabobank in London. The ruble’s gallop since touching a record low a year ago has churned stomachs for the government, consumers and businesses alike, prompting the surprise announcement that interventions may be imminent, with JPMorgan Chase & Co. expecting them in “weeks not months.” The operations would help keep the ruble in check until the government implements a so-called budget rule from 2020, preventing it from spending surplus revenue above a pre-set oil price. The central bank has said any purchases would be in line with its free-float regime, in place since late 2014, and possible intervention “for the purposes of budgetary, not monetary policy smooths the impact of oil-price fluctuations on the real exchange rate.” Shielding Ruble At an average oil price of $50 a barrel, Russia will get an extra 1 trillion rubles ($16.8 billion) in revenue this year, the Finance Ministry estimates. Interventions, if they start in February and continue through the rest of the year, would reach $1.45 billion a month, according to Raiffeisenbank JSC. The Bank of Russia bought about $10 billion between mid-May and late July 2015. With the intervention offsetting the effect of higher crude prices, the ruble would effectively be priced at an oil equivalent of about $43 a barrel, according to JPMorgan. Benchmark Brent, which is usually trading at about a $3 premium to Russia’s Urals blend, was near $55 in London on Monday. “The policy will enable higher inflation-targeting credibility and isolate the economy from terms-of-trade shocks and Dutch disease problems,” JPMorgan analysts including Anatoliy Shal said in a report on Friday. “A good share of the risk premium is driven by oil-price volatility and oil-price uncertainty.” Up, Down A shale-industry revival in the U.S. is the reason top oil executives see volatility ahead. Higher prices after the Organization of Petroleum Exporting Countries decided to cut output late last year are helping swell U.S. production, which could put crude under downward pressure again. “And up and down,” International Energy Agency Executive Director Fatih Birol said in Davos last week. The most important market news of the day. Get our markets daily newsletter. Sign Up Business Your guide to the most important business stories of the day, every day. You will now receive the Business newsletter Politics The latest political news, analysis, charts, and dispatches from Washington. You will now receive the Politics newsletter Technology Insights into what you'll be paying for, downloading and plugging in tomorrow and 10 years from now. You will now receive the Technology newsletter Pursuits What to eat, drink, wear and drive – in real life and your dreams. You will now receive the Pursuits newsletter Game Plan The school, work and life hacks you need to get ahead. You will now receive the Game Plan newsletter The ruble has become less beholden to oil and more sensitive to shifts in capital flows and investor sentiment. It had its best-ever year in 2016, when it appreciated 20 percent, after losing half its value against the dollar in 2014-2015. The ruble climbed for the first time in four days on Monday, trading 0.6 percent stronger and extending its gain this year to more than 3 percent versus the U.S. currency. “After the financial stress of 2014, society needs stability and predictability more than a strong ruble,” said Dmitry Postolenko, a money manager at Kapital Asset Management in Moscow. “The stable exchange rate allows economic agents and the government to build plans with greater certainty.” One-year implied volatility on the ruble versus the dollar on Monday headed for the lowest level since early November. Still, the gauge of expected moves in the exchange rate over the next 12 months shows the Russian currency will be among the 10 most volatile in the world, according to data compiled by Bloomberg.  For every 1 ruble of appreciation in the exchange rate, the budget loses about 100 billion rubles at an average Brent price of $55 per year, Sberbank CIB estimates. “When your income is in petro-dollars, but your expenditure is in rubles, you want to avoid volatility when your cushion is thin,” said Wolf-Fabian Hungerland, an economist at Berenberg Bank in Hamburg, Germany. “Too-heavy movements in the exchange rate may cause yet another round of fiscal headaches.” Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal. LEARN MORE Trending Now Trump Warms to House Republicans’ Proposed Border-Adjusted Tax Trump Greets U.K.'s May as World Leaders Look For Cues China’s Army of Global Homebuyers Is Suddenly Short on Cash Dutch Regulator Accidentally Posts Soros’s Short Positions Scaramucci Scores Millions From Buyer With Mystery Investors Terms of Service Trademarks Privacy Policy ©2017 Bloomberg L.P. All Rights Reserved Careers Made in NYC Advertise Ad Choices Website Feedback Help
Skip to content Home Business Science Health Technology About – Staff Privacy Policy Contact The Credit Suisse Group AG (CS) Upgraded at Zacks Investment Research January 23, 2017 Jamie Williams Zacks Investment Research upgraded shares of Credit Suisse Group AG (NYSE:CS) from a sell rating to a hold rating in a report issued on Monday. According to Zacks, “CREDIT SUISSE GROUP and Winterthur offer investment products, private banking and financial advisory services, as well as insurance and pension solutions. Credit Suisse First Boston provides securities underwriting, sales and trading, financial advisory, investment research, venture capital and asset management services. Because they specialize in gaining a deep understanding of their clients’ financial needs, they know that no one’s needs are two-dimensional. 360° Choice. “ A number of other brokerages have also recently issued reports on CS. Bank of America Corp. raised shares of Credit Suisse Group AG from a neutral rating to a buy rating and set a $16.00 price objective on the stock in a research note on Monday, November 14th. Keefe, Bruyette & Woods raised shares of Credit Suisse Group AG from a market perform rating to an outperform rating in a research note on Thursday, November 10th. Macquarie lowered shares of Credit Suisse Group AG from an outperform rating to a neutral rating in a report on Friday, November 4th. Finally, JPMorgan Chase & Co. upgraded shares of Credit Suisse Group AG from an underweight rating to an overweight rating in a report on Thursday, December 8th. Three investment analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, five have assigned a hold rating, five have issued a buy rating and one has issued a strong buy rating to the stock. Credit Suisse Group AG has a consensus rating of Hold and an average target price of $15.94. Credit Suisse Group AG (NYSE:CS) opened at 14.18 on Monday. The stock’s market capitalization is $29.61 billion. Credit Suisse Group AG has a 12-month low of $10.01 and a 12-month high of $21.36. The stock’s 50 day moving average is $14.50 and its 200 day moving average is $12.93. Large investors have recently modified their holdings of the stock. BNP Paribas Arbitrage SA raised its stake in shares of Credit Suisse Group AG by 269.2% in the second quarter. BNP Paribas Arbitrage SA now owns 26,096 shares of the company’s stock valued at $279,000 after buying an additional 19,027 shares during the last quarter. Highland Capital Management LLC increased its position in shares of Credit Suisse Group AG by 2.9% in the second quarter. Highland Capital Management LLC now owns 68,346 shares of the company’s stock worth $731,000 after buying an additional 1,900 shares during the period. CIBC World Markets Inc. purchased a new position in shares of Credit Suisse Group AG during the second quarter worth approximately $2,209,000. FNY Managed Accounts LLC purchased a new position in shares of Credit Suisse Group AG during the second quarter worth approximately $1,359,000. Finally, Traynor Capital Management Inc. purchased a new position in shares of Credit Suisse Group AG during the second quarter worth approximately $110,000. Hedge funds and other institutional investors own 2.28% of the company’s stock. Credit Suisse Group AG Company Profile Credit Suisse Group AG (Credit Suisse) is a global financial services company. The Company operates in three segments: Private Banking & Wealth Management and Investment Banking. Private Banking & Wealth Management offers advice and a range of financial solutions to private, corporate and institutional clients. Get a free copy of the Zacks research report on Credit Suisse Group AG (CS) For more information about research offerings from Zacks Investment Research, visit Zacks.com Business Post navigation The Vetr Inc. Upgrades DSW Inc. (DSW) to Strong-Buy The Zacks: Analysts Set $5.65 Price Target for Discovery Laboratories Inc. (WINT) Related posts January 28, 2017 Jamie Williams 0 The Suffolk Capital Management LLC Takes Position in Five Below, Inc. (FIVE) Suffolk Capital Management LLC bought a new stake in shares of Five Below, Inc. (NASDAQ:FIVE) during... January 28, 2017 Jamie Williams 0 The Mitsubishi UFJ Kokusai Asset Management Co. Ltd. Has $1,509,000 Position in CenterPoint Energy, Inc. (CNP) Mitsubishi UFJ Kokusai Asset Management Co. Ltd. raised its stake in shares of CenterPoint Energy, Inc.... January 28, 2017 Jamie Williams 0 The World Asset Management Inc Purchases 392 Shares of Entergy Corporation (ETR) World Asset Management Inc increased its position in shares of Entergy Corporation (NYSE:ETR) by 2.0% during... Leave a Comment Cancel reply Latest The Suffolk Capital Management LLC Takes Position in Five Below, Inc. (FIVE) The Mitsubishi UFJ Kokusai Asset Management Co. Ltd. Has $1,509,000 Position in CenterPoint Energy, Inc. (CNP) The World Asset Management Inc Purchases 392 Shares of Entergy Corporation (ETR) The Pfizer, Inc. (PFE) Stake Raised by RKL Wealth Management LLC The KCG Holdings Inc. Sells 2,048 Shares of Hershey Company (The) (HSY) The KCG Holdings Inc. Has $1,652,000 Stake in Teck Resources Ltd. (TCK) The Adirondack Trust Co. Increases Position in Microsoft Corporation (MSFT) The World Asset Management Inc Raises Position in America Movil, S.A.B. de C.V. (AMX) The Security National Trust Co. Acquires 480 Shares of Wells Fargo & Company (WFC) The Axalta Coating Systems Ltd (AXTA) Downgraded by Zacks Investment Research to Hold The Tailored Brands (TLRD) Announces Quarterly Dividend of $0.18 The Oracle Corporation (ORCL) Receives Buy Rating from Drexel Hamilton The Republic Services, Inc. (RSG) Position Increased by KCG Holdings Inc. The Williams Companies, Inc. (The) (WMB) Shares Sold by Johnson Investment Counsel Inc. The CBOE Holdings, Inc. (CBOE) Shares Bought by Nippon Life Insurance Co. The KCG Holdings Inc. Acquires Shares of 7,744 The Ultimate Software Group, Inc. (ULTI) The BNP Paribas SA (BNPQY) Downgraded by Zacks Investment Research The Cabot Oil & Gas Corporation (COG) Shares Bought by KCG Holdings Inc. The Teva Pharmaceutical Industries Limited (TEVA) Position Maintained by Shelter Mutual Insurance Co The KCG Holdings Inc. Sells 9,927 Shares of American Electric Power Company, Inc. (AEP) © DailyQuint.
Thanks for contacting us. We've received your submission. Back to Reading Photos Video Cindy Adams Richard Johnson Sub Menu 1 Sightings We Hear Just Asking Sub Menu 2 NY Post Decider Sign in nypost.com On Page Six: lamar odom celebrity divorces kardashians celebrity arrests bill cosby Sections Search Tips Sign in Page Six Share this: Facebook Twitter Google WhatsApp Email Copy Cindy Adams Share this: Facebook Twitter Google WhatsApp Email Copy All the scoop from inauguration week By Cindy Adams View author archive Get author RSS feed Name(required) Email(required) Comment(required) January 22, 2017 | 7:45pm Modal Trigger Getty Images MORE FROM: Cindy Adams Matthew McConaughey is bald, fat and unstunning in new film How Kellyanne Conway made it to the White House Trump ready to redecorate White House in gold Ghosts of the White House past A presidential inauguration history lesson WASHINGTON, DC — Ding-dong Barack is gone. Under B.O.’s ex-consigliere Mayor Rahm Emanuel, Chicago is killing more people than Capone, so in future Obama’s permanent home will be LA. Why? It has sun, golf, armless dresses for his missus and he can wade to Hawaii. The drums are also beating out messages that the wife wants bigtime bread. Large income. Same as Al Gore and Bill Clinton. So what’s inauguration week like? The Bronx Zoo, only with two-legged animals. Washington, DC’s power was determined not by how well you know Donny, but by what hotel will give you a room. On one inauguration I got housed in Savannah, Ga… Donald’s brother’s ex-wife, former legit Trumper Blaine: “I’m at the Trump Hotel, and it was tough to get a room here.” With $5,000-a-shot booze in a Ritz-Carlton hotel safe, plus pillowcases embroidered with “Inauguration 2017,” seeing T-shirted Chris Cuomo there — who said, “All of CNN’s here” — was impressive. The chat: A Gary Hart associate. “Still bitter over that Donna Rice thing, he says, ‘Look what today’s guys get away with’”… Larry King: “LA news is George Clooney’s next to run for president”… Caitlyn Jenner in long black fringe skirt and short black heels for the dinner: “I had to go through hell to get here.” (For the ball, she opted for a one-shoulder navy number)… Monitoring the swearing-in alongside JPMorgan Chase’s breakfast-then-lunch buffet for friends, Jamie Dimon on how to get through the blackness of crisis: “Martinis.” Nearly goosed by Prez! I did not see this, but I’m told it was caught on TV. At one gala, Melania’s seated. I walk over. The Secret Service begins closing in for fear I’m maybe Michael Moore in drag. I’m standing. Melania gets up so we can continue a proper conversation. She’s telling me her dropdead gorgeous flesh-colored long beaded gown’s by Reem Acra. I feel a pressure behind me. Like someone grabbing at my arm. I figure it’s Secret Service. Gracious and patient as is my innate normal kindly loving behavior, I snap: “Get your hands the hell off me.” Cranky, I wheel around only to come nose to nose with the Emperor Elect who, behind me, was trying to hug me. Oy, next time I’ll probably ever get invited to the White House will be when Gingrich gets in there. Glimpse of the scene Johnson & Johnson’s rich rich Woody Johnson, new envoy to the UK, standing on line emptying his pockets at a metal detector… Maria Bartiromo in a ladies’ room, sighing: “We’ve been here five days already”… Alongside Pataki at a Greek event, HRH Prince Pavlos, son of King Constantine: “We’re moving back to Manhattan. We just got a place on Madison in the 70s”… Newt Gingrich at a New Yorkers’ breakfast: “To get something done here requires an intern young enough to still be competent.” The jokes, folks At an invitation-only big-givers lunch, different wardrobe. The breakfast, Gap. At lunch, Cantor Fitzgerald’s Howard Lutnick was inside Brioni. He said: “Maybe Trump can stop all this political bulls - - t.” Betwixt every crush crash existed small pockets where certain anointed, handpicked with a tweezer, could touch the hem or hand of Caesar Augustus Trump. Like the little upstairs area at Union Square Station, where downstairs masses were dining and opining, someone unloaded this joke: “Three presidents in heaven were talking. Obama: ‘I’m for all religions.’ Bush: ‘I’m for American patriotism.’ Trump to St. Peter: ‘You’re sitting in my seat.’” Then Saturday, encircled by the Women’s March, feeling unsafe in my nation’s capital, I returned home. A strange lady on my block greeted me with: “Thank you for standing up for our president.” Only in New York, kids, only in New York. Share this: Facebook Twitter Google WhatsApp Email Copy Filed under donald trump ,  inauguration ,  parties ,  politics ,  washington dc Share this article: Share this: Facebook Twitter Google WhatsApp Email Copy Read Next Socialite is back on the scene Read Next Socialite is back on the scene Most Popular This Week 1 Huge shakeup at 'Today' to make way for Megyn Kelly 2 Mary Tyler Moore dies at 80 3 Allman Brothers drummer fatally shot himself in front of wife 4 Melania Trump ready to fight back against left-wing haters 5 Ivana left Trump inauguration to avoid Marla Maples 6 Kellyanne Conway allegedly punched a guy at the inaugural ball Share Selection Now On Friends fear Club Kid Killer returning to 'party-monster' ways 'Today' staffers fearful amid Megyn Kelly shakeup Jackie Mason: Madonna is a 'deranged yenta' John Hurt dead at 77 Bowie treasures going up for auction Jeb Bush and John Kerry narrowly miss each other at dinner Top scientists stand up to Trump 'Still in shock': Drew Barrymore not ready to date yet 'Hamilton' stars to perform at Super Bowl Migos drops $20K on strippers and booze Stevie Wonder, Tom Petty, Maroon 5 to headline Jazz Fest Huge shakeup at 'Today' to make way for Megyn Kelly Kate Middleton and Prince William to attend 2017 BAFTAs ‘Modern Family’ star Ty Burrell selling Culver City condo for $1.4M Michael Keaton's Batman suit sells for $41K Uma Thurman wins primary custody of 4-year-old daughter Judy Garland's corpse makes cross-country trip Heather Dubrow exiting 'Real Housewives of Orange County' Holland Taylor gushes about 'wonderful love' Sarah Paulson Viacom celebrates new Hollywood headquarters with Snoop Dogg and weed SEE ALL Sightings Allison Williams at Dan Kluger’s Loring Place, where makeup guru Bobbi Brown dined with Elvis Duran . . . SEE ALL Video 1:00 Lindsay Lohan bonds with 7-year-old Syrian refugee Trending Now 91,264 Huge shakeup at 'Today' to make way for Megyn Kelly 63,738 John Hurt dead at 77 11,399 'Still in shock': Drew Barrymore not ready to date yet 10,359 Allman Brothers drummer fatally shot himself in front of wife 7,119 Ivana left Trump inauguration to avoid Marla Maples Now On The 7 Sexiest, Dirtiest, & Steamiest Movies on Hulu SEE ALL More Stories nypost Former ice queen Tonya Harding isn't looking too hot these days Now On Decider Christina Ricci Goes Full Frontal In Her New Series pagesix Huge shakeup at 'Today' to make way for Megyn Kelly New York Post Facebook Twitter Instagram Email Email Newsletters Mobile Apps Contact Us Tips Facebook Twitter Instagram Email Sections & Features News Real Estate Page Six Tech Sports Media Metro Photos Entertainment Video Business Alexa Opinion Covers Fashion Horoscope Living Classifieds More Page Six Email Newsletters RSS Feeds NYPost Store Page Six TV Home Delivery Subscribe Manage Subscription Preferences Help/Support Customer Service App FAQ & Help Contact Us Tips Newsroom Letters to the Editor Reprints Careers Apps iPhone App iPad App Android Phone Android Tablet Advertise Media Kit Contacts Post Digital Network © 2017 NYP Holdings, Inc. All Rights Reserved | Terms of Use | Privacy | Your Ad Choices News Corp. is a network of leading companies in the world of diversified media, news, and information services. News Corp HarperCollins Marketwatch realtor.com Dow Jones The Sun Storyful Wall Street Journal The Times Mansion Global New York Post The Australian Checkout51 News America Marketing News.com.au Unruly Page Six Like Gossip? Get the latest celebrity news delivered directly to your inbox Page Six Daily NY Post Morning Report Special Offers Breaking News Email Sign Up By clicking above you agree to our Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. X Sign Up / Sign In Sign In // Sign Up With your existing account from... With your existing account {* loginWidget *} Use an account with your email address Or with a NYPost.com account {* #userInformationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *}{* traditionalSignIn_createButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} Sign Up / Sign In Sign In // Sign Up Welcome back, {* welcomeName *} {* loginWidget *} Or use NYPost.com account Sign Up / Sign In Sign In // Sign Up Welcome back Welcome back, {* welcomeName *} {* #userInformationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} Use an account with your email address Or use another account Almost Done! Please confirm the information below before signing in. Please confirm the information below. {* #socialRegistrationForm *} {* socialRegistration_emailAddress *} {* socialRegistration_displayName *} {* socialRegistration_ageVerification *} By clicking "Sign In", you confirm that you accept our terms of service and have read and understand privacy policy. {* backButton *} {* socialRegistration_signInButton *} {* /socialRegistrationForm *} Almost Done! {* #registrationForm *} {* traditionalRegistration_emailAddress *} {* traditionalRegistration_password *} {* traditionalRegistration_passwordConfirm *} {* traditionalRegistration_displayName *} {* traditionalRegistration_captcha *} {* traditionalRegistration_ageVerification *} By clicking "Create account", you confirm that you accept our terms of service and have read and understand our privacy policy. {* backButton *} {* createAccountButton *} {* /registrationForm *} Create a new password Forgot Password? Don't worry, it happens. We'll send you a link to create a new password. {* #forgotPasswordForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* backButton *} {* forgotPassword_sendButton *} {* /forgotPasswordForm *} Create a new password Sent! We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password. Your existing password has not been changed. We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password. Close Account Already Exists {* mergeAccounts *} {* backButton *} Sign in to complete account merge {* #tradAuthenticateMergeForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* mergePassword *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /tradAuthenticateMergeForm *} Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. Copy Share URL: Copy Link
Newsweek World U.S. Podcasts Opinion Culture Sports Tech & Science Business Video The Magazine Subscribe Europe Edition US EUROPE Español 日本 한국 Pakistan Polska Srbija ČESKÁ REPUBLIKA SIGN IN MY ACCOUNT My account Subscription settings Contact support Sign out Search Advertisement Business Trading on Donald Trump’s Twitter Tantrums Wall Street is fast developing strategies to deal with an unpredictable president. By Leah McGrath Goodman On 1/13/17 at 7:51 PM Close Trump's Attorney Sheri Dillon On Steps Taken To Rid President-Elect From Conflicts Of Interest When Donald Trump this week gave his first press conference since winning the presidential election, he alternately lauded the press and shouted down reporters he didn’t like with jeers such as: “Fake news!” He slipped into stream-of-consciousness rants about everything from Chinese hackers to hidden cameras in hotel rooms “all over the place.” And he denounced pharmaceutical companies for committing “murder.” To this, the Wall Street traders I spoke to had nearly the same reaction: “He’s crazy.” They noted how pharmaceutical stocks, which initially received a boost after Trump’s victory, got hammered after his one-off remarks Wednesday, which also targeted carmakers General Motors, Ford and Fiat Chrysler. Investors who had feared tough action on drug pricing under a Hillary Clinton presidency believed Trump would be the safer bet. Not so. At Trump’s presser, he announced that “the drug industry has been disastrous,” adding that he planned to create new bidding procedures for drugs to “save billions of dollars” for Americans and would do the same with other industries, sending stocks into a swoon. Win an iPhone 7 Sign up to our daily newsletter for your chance to win. <p>Your browser does not support iframes.</p> “We are dealing with a completely unpredictable, absent-minded man who may wake up on any given day and just decide to attack a stock he hates—or praise one he loves—and then turn around and change his mind,” says David Tawil, president of Maglan Capital, a New York event-driven hedge fund. “I don’t like that. Those are 50-50 odds. I would never play that. No one would, unless they had some inside track. The one thing we hate is binary potential.” President-elect Donald Trump speaks during his press conference at New York's Trump Tower on January 11. Shannon Stapleton/Reuters It’s not so much that Wall Street investors necessarily object to Trump’s plans per se. It’s that the president-elect tends to announce them via highly nontraditional channels and without warning—more often than not, to his 19.7 million Twitter followers at all hours. As a result, major Wall Street traders and everyday investors are racing to find ways to stay on top of his constant tweets, from keywords to algorithms to analytics that track social media. While banks and hedge funds have invested millions of dollars in trading systems that can be tweaked to “Trump-proof” their portfolios, solutions for ordinary investors have been few and far between since Trump won the election. That changed this month. One of the easiest tools to use (and it’s free) is a new app called “Trump Trigger” from Trigger Finance Inc., which offers market information and trading alerts. The app will send a message to users whenever Trump tweets about a stock they own, with options to buy, sell or short. “While it’s no surprise that Trump has been actively tweeting since the election, no one anticipated that a single tweet could potentially eradicate billions of dollars in market cap from large companies,” the company wrote in a blog post last week, introducing the app. Fidelity Investments also offers a feature called “Social Market Analytics” that investors can add to their trading dashboards to track trading signals via Twitter, Facebook and other social media. The analytics tool does this by measuring both positive and negative comments on social media versus the norm. Sentiment indicators culled from social media are increasingly pointing to events before they happen. This was true when Trump complained in a recent tweet about the high cost of F-35 fighter jets from Lockheed Martin, sending its stock price lower. In fact, Trump’s Twitter followers goaded him into going after Lockheed after he tweeted in December that he wanted to “cancel” plans for a new Air Force One from Boeing, because “costs are out of control.” Ever the crowd-pleaser, when his followers urged him to attack Lockheed too, that’s exactly what he did. Related: Trump business plan casts spotlight on law firm that worked for Russia What’s interesting is that Twitter sentiment indicators for Lockheed shot into negative territory and the company’s trading volume spiked even before Trump’s tweet, because social media had already gone negative on Lockheed hours earlier. Trump’s tweet was just the coup de grace. One big worry: What if Trump’s tweet storms lead to a market that becomes hopelessly reactive to politics instead of economics? A former “bond king,” Bill Gross, who runs the $1.7 billion Janus Global Unconstrained Bond Fund, alluded to just that. He compared Trump’s penchant for singling out certain corporations and bullying them into changing their practices as redolent of the Italian dictator Mussolini. “Some of these pre-term policies, where [Trump’s] cajoling companies to move production back into the United States, that’s fine, but it reminds me to some extent of policies in Italy long ago associated with Mussolini and government control of corporate interests,” Gross said in an interview with Bloomberg Radio. “I don’t want it to go too far.” Of course, it could also go too far in the other direction. “At some point, Trump could lose all credibility, both domestically and internationally, where no one takes him seriously anymore,” a London-based trader tells Newsweek on the condition of anonymity because the trader isn’t authorized to talk to the press. “Being the president-elect might give his tweets weight now, but that won’t necessarily last if he wears out his welcome.” On Thursday, Trump abruptly praised L.L. Bean in a tweet after hearing that the granddaughter of the Maine company’s founder, Linda Bean, had donated thousands of dollars to a political action committee that supported his presidential campaign. Most of Trump’s tweets since winning November’s election, however, have been negative. Among the companies he’s tweet-bombed in addition to Boeing, Lockheed Martin and General Motors are Amazon, Apple and Carrier, a unit of United Technologies. With this week’s presser, Big Pharma is now on his hit list. Attention from Trump has not been beneficial for most companies, so many investors are actively shirking the stocks he obsesses over. “I am staying as far away as I can from any sectors that Trump seems to be focused on—financials, pharma and the auto industry’s biggest carmakers, I am staying away from it, consciously, yes,” says Tawil. Karen Finerman, co-founder and chief executive of New York investment management firm Metropolitan Capital, says she’s invested in a number of stocks that could be affected by Trump’s running commentary, including tech issues like Facebook and Google’s holding company, Alphabet Inc. (Silicon Valley largely favored a Clinton presidency over Trump) and financial stocks like Bank of America, JP Morgan Chase and Citigroup. But the stock Finerman is most concerned about is GM, she says, even though the company’s most recent earnings beat expectations. “That’s the one where I am most tweet-vulnerable, so I guess I am a little nervous,” she says. Finerman did well with tech issues, which initially got crushed after Trump’s victory but edged up after he met with Silicon Valley kingpins in the Trump Tower in December. “When the tech stocks fell, we kept buying as they kept getting cheaper,” she says, “so we did well on that." In other words, when companies take a hit due to Trump that are otherwise healthy, it could be a good buying opportunity. Even so, Wall Street will continue to be extremely wary of what traders are calling “the Trump Effect.” “The only way you can truly insulate yourself from any potential fallout,” Finerman says, “is to not own any stocks. But it’s my job.” Try Newsweek: Subscription offers Pharmaceuticals Related Stories Donald Trump Takes Aim at F-35, the ‘Plane That Ate the Pentagon’ Trump Business Plan Casts Spotlight on Law Firm That Worked for Russia Share Like us on Facebook Follow us on Twitter Like us on Google Plus Follow us on LinkedIn Share with Whatsapp More reddit Pinterest Tumblr Comments Advertisement READ MORE Prosecutors Won't Pursue Bridgegate Charges Against NJ Governor Chris Christie U.S. Judge Blocks Controversial Texas Abortion Provider Regulations Advertisement Advertisement World Haley to U.N. Allies: Back Us or We'll Take Names Trump Signs Exec Order to 'Keep Radical Islamic Terrorists Out' of U.S. Trump's Unpredictability Worries Foreign U.S. Allies Trump Still in Early Stages of Considering Lifting Russia Sanctions Advertisement TECHNOLOGY Obama Wastes Little Time In Condemning Republicans For ‘Repeal and Replace’ On Obamacare Microsoft's Value Passes Half a Trillion In the magazine U.S. Buffett, Gates Express Optimism for U.S. in Trump Era "I am confident that America will move ahead," Buffett said. U.S. Donald Trump Is the Most Unlikely Anti-Abortion President Ever How Trump, once a pro-choice bachelor, became the hope of the right-to-life movement. World Trump Has 'Friendly' Call with Mexican President, Demands Change The two men spoke for about an hour on Friday, a day after President Enrique Pena Nieto scrapped a... Sports Federer, Nadal and the Williams Sisters Bring Their 60 Grand Slam Titles to Aussie Final Four all-time tennis greats will clash this weekend in the Australian Open finals. Advertisement About us Advertise Contact Copyright Privacy Terms IBTimes UK Like us on Facebook Follow us on Twitter Follow us on Google Plus Follow us on LinkedIn February 03, 2017 California v. Trump: The Fight Begins for Health Care, Immigration and the Future of America Russian Hacking Is Spurring a Revival of Cold War Liberalism January 20, 2017 Malala Yousafzai's New Mission: Can She Still Inspire as an Adult? America's Grand Experiment in Government by Twitter Begins January 20 January 06, 2017 How Scientists in Britain Are Deciding the Future of Humanity How Europe's Two Capitals of Culture Will Celebrate the Arts in 2017 December 30, 2016 Meet Henry Orenstein, the Man Who Changed How the World Plays Harnessing Technology and Innovation to Save the World's Cities © 2017 Newsweek LTD
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad LME's pitch for share of gold market faces bumpy ride By Reuters Published: 19:01 EST, 22 January 2017 | Updated: 19:01 EST, 22 January 2017 e-mail By Peter Hobson and Pratima Desai LONDON, Jan 23 (Reuters) - Fears of inflexibility and rising costs are sapping enthusiasm for the London Metal Exchange's new suite of gold contracts, potentially leaving the exchange reliant on the threat of an increasing regulatory burden to drive uptake. London's $5 trillion-a-year gold trade has, along with the rest of the City of London, found itself under increased scrutiny since the Libor scandal, with U.S. lawsuits alleging rigging against the banks that set bullion prices. Regulatory pressure sparked the fall of the near century-old telephone-based gold fix, or benchmark pricing, which was replaced by an electronic alternative in 2015, and reform of the management structure of the London Bullion Market Association. The LME, owned by Hong Kong Exchanges and Clearing Ltd (HKEx), says its contracts, which include spot, futures and options, would bring price-setting out of the back rooms of banks by creating a published forward pricing curve for gold and sliver out to five years. It also says the contracts' central clearing would free the banks and brokers that dominate London's over-the-counter (OTC) gold market from increasingly onerous capital requirements, creating savings that could be passed to others in the industry. But a source at a major gold trading bank said: "There's a lot of caution and probably outright scepticism from market participants whether this will add anything but another cost to the bottom line." "In the OTC market there are no fees, you call somebody for a quote and you trade it," a source at a metals broker said. The LME hasn't detailed the fees for trading and clearing using LME Clear, but said it is "confident that fee levels will be competitive". Scepticism runs deep, however. Metal industry sources cite other failed attempts by the LME to establish new contracts including those for cobalt, molybdenum, plastics and aluminium premiums. "CRITICAL MASS" "This set of contracts was never intended to replace or undermine the OTC market." said Robin Martin, head of market infrastructure at the World Gold Council, an industry body that worked with the LME to design the contracts. He said he expected most of the volume on the contracts to come from hedging between banks and brokers - which he said accounts for up to 90 percent of trading in the London market. These could continue to agree trades bilaterally as under the OTC model, and then clear them on the exchange, enabling savings that would reduce costs for all the industry, he said. LME brokers say the specifications are restrictive and the contracts, though physically deliverable, appear to be designed for finance professionals and not the physical market. A key criticism is the size of the contracts: 100 troy ounces for gold and 5,000 ounces for silver. On the over-the-counter (OTC) market gold and silver can be traded in any number of ounces. "What happens if our customers want to trade 330 ounces of gold?" asked one gold trader. The monthly contract structure meanwhile undermines physical traders' ability to hedge specific dates beyond a month, said a source at a metals broker. Martin said at least 30 firms had been consulted during the design process. The contracts allow combinations of daily and monthly futures to hedge any date, he said, while defined lot sizes allow easier netting, compensating for lost flexibility. Most gold producers contacted by Reuters said they would not use the LME contracts to hedge, though one, Petropavlovsk, said it would consider doing so. Five banks, Goldman Sachs, ICBC Standard Bank , Morgan Stanley, Natixis and Societe Generale, and proprietary trader OSTC have partnered with the LME and committed to supply liquidity. But two of biggest gold trading banks, JPMorgan and HSBC, have not. "We think we've got critical mass," said Martin. Sources said the LME would struggle to gain a share of the market, particularly given that Shanghai and New York already offer well-established and liquid gold futures. "Trading will always go to the place with the most liquidity," a source at a major gold trading bank said. (Additional reporting by Barbara Lewis; Editing by Veronica Brown and David Evans) Share or comment on this article e-mail Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS 'They're getting nasty': Speidi slam Jedward for 'mean' behaviour as they get evicted from Celebrity Big Brother The former Hills stars have got the boot PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Tour of love! Smitten Selena Gomez and The Weeknd can't keep their hands to themselves on romantic trip to Italy Three's a crowd! Charlotte Dawson rocks risqué mini dress as she enjoys date night with beau Matt Sarsfield... and her mother Tracey 'I'm still in shock': Drew Barrymore confesses she's 'not ready' to begin dating...five months after officially divorcing Will Kopelman Bella Hadid looks chic on solo outing in New York... as her ex The Weekend whisks Selena Gomez off to Italy for romantic holiday Shows a brave face Anne Hathaway is movie star chic in all black ensemble with dark shades and bold red lip as she steps out in NYC Ever the A-lister She's clearly a fan! Michelle Rodriguez steps out in a Rolling Stones T-shirt with grey leggings for gym session 'I bet they won't be able to say these things to his face': Katie Price challenges troll who branded disabled son Harvey, 14, a 'c***'... and will take the case to Parliament Is there a CBB baby on the way? Newly evicted Speidi reported to have 'requested a pregnancy test on the show' Housemate 'believed' they are expecting No time for jet lag! Alessandra Ambrosio hits the gym in Victoria's Secret gym gear... just a day after flying from Paris to LA 'What a journey': Michelle Keegan shares glamorous selfies from Tina and Bobby set on Instagram... as the final episode is praised by fans 'He's got depth': Jessica Cunningham gushes about 'charming' Calum Best after they share a sweet smooch before she is evicted from CBB The 'Oh yeah' song from 'Ferris Bueller's Day Off' made its one-hit-wonder writer filthy rich - but he has never even SEEN the movie Made $175million SPOILER ALERT! Wannabe Tanya Lacey attempts to wow the judges with a performance of a Whitney Houston song on The Voice 'It stems from insecurities in her own marriage': Danielle Lloyd takes ANOTHER swipe at Nicola McLean as she calls her behaviour in the CBB house 'really sad' 'I was never cool but I'm having the last laugh': Donny Osmond tells how he resisted drugs, booze and the temptations of Sin City - but not Botox and hair dye Bad hair day! Paula Patton has trouble with her locks after bombshell allegations about Robin Thicke having an affair as she fights for sole custody  CBB's James Jordan takes aims at Bianca Gascoigne and Jamie O'Hara's 'showmance' on Twitter while Jessica Cunningham remains tight-lipped  She's clearly a fan! Michelle Rodriguez steps out in a Rolling Stones T-shirt with grey leggings for gym session Oh Balls! Former MP Ed gets kicked in the FACE onstage by partner Katya Jones during Strictly tour performance in Sheffield Are roo thirsty? Wine-drinking kangaroo stars alongside bikini-clad model Ellie Gonsalves in $5MILLION Super Bowl ad for Australian wine SEBASTIAN SHAKESPEARE: Age-defying Elizabeth Hurley poses for favourite photographer, son Damian, 14, in a £152 blue crystal bikini 'Isn't it the most beautiful thing you've ever seen': Shirtless Jason Dundas hits the Bronte Beach rockpool after flying in from L.A. for David Jones show 'Can't wait for Bali': Bikini-clad Skye Wheatley flaunts pert derrière and MAJOR sideboob as she stands provocatively under a shower 'I was breastfeeding in the interviews': Teresa Palmer praises film industry for being 'so accommodating' as she returns to work just weeks after giving birth  Turning the tables! Sofia Richie rocks pink jacket as she practises photography skills while out and about in LA Took a turn at the other end of the camera  Fragile Megan McKenna lashes out at trolls on Twitter after sharing sultry snaps... following her very public NTAs row with TOWIE beau Pete Wicks It's Freaky Friday! Lindsay Lohan meets with Turkish President Erdogan, his wife and a Syrian girl blogger to discuss 'efforts in helping refugees' Buxom Pamela Anderson,49, rolls back the years as she shows off her famous cleavage in plunging party dress at Paris bash 'It gets so much worse': RHOA's Kandi Burruss hits back at co-star Porsha Williams over threesome and lesbian rumours  'Drinking a lot of beer and eating a lot of cheeseburgers': Matthew McConaughey talks weight gain for new role as he transforms his body AGAIN  Revealed: Carrie Fisher wanted ex-lover and long-time friend Harrison Ford to sing Melancholy Wookiee at her Oscars tribute Great sense of humour Riddle of the ring! Eva Mendes steps out wearing an impressive piece of bling after claims she and Ryan Gosling have secretly wed Stylish jet setter Amal Clooney wears baggy jumper as she touches down in LA in with George amid baby rumours Australia Day USA! Hunky Australian chef Curtis Stone drops by Hollywood Today Live to promote American series of My Kitchen Rules David Foster rejected offer to perform at President Trump's inauguration after taking heat from new girlfriend Christie Brinkley for considering the invite 'See you in one week': Ariana Grande shares sultry mirror selfie to plug upcoming Dangerous Woman tour Posed for a black-and-white mirror selfie Bikini babe Kourtney Kardashian flaunts killer figure in tiny white two-piece as she enjoys family getaway in Costa Rica  Lily Collins flashes her six-pack abs in an exercise bra and low-rise leggings as she leaves gym Spotted after a strenuous work out in Beverly Hills Scott Disick wheedles his way back into the Kardashian clan to join Kourtney in Costa Rica... and posts a saucy snap of her online Home, sweet home! Jon Hamm steps out in sweats to grab an icy drink with a female companion in LA after his latest film premieres at Sundance  Looking booty-ful! Kylie Jenner shows off her bikini body as she poses in the mirror on family trip to Costa Rica It's certainly not the usual family-friendly activity. TOWIE's Kate Wright confirms she is not jetting to Tenerife to film start of the new series... amid rumours of her romance with footballer Rio Ferdinand She's beautiful she even gets prisoners freed from Death Row - and she's engaged! She's the trainee lawyer played by Harry's girl Meghan Markle in Suits Paula Patton claims she found husband Robin Thicke naked in bed with two women, details how he abused her and says he even invited his DRUG DEALER to their son's birthday Former X Factor finalist Lucie Jones breaks down in tears of joy as she's picked to represent the United Kingdom at Eurovision 2017 PICTURED: Selena Gomez and The Weeknd caught holding hands on romantic date at arcade Sometimes playing games is good for a new relationship Fit for a king (or queen)! Pregnant Cheryl and Liam Payne get baby delivery from the Royal Family's favourite pram company Baby's coming soon... PICTURED: Distraught Megan McKenna leaves the NTAs in floods of tears after explosive row with TOWIE boyfriend Pete Wicks Floods of tears Bianca Gascoigne's boyfriend CJ Meeks is left heartbroken as he reads about his love's steamy CBB antics with Jamie O'Hara on MailOnline Model life! Elsa Hosk flashes her bikini body as she poses up a storm at the beach... and posts it all on Instagram Looking hotter than ever in a sultry swimsuit. Red hot Jenna Dewan Tatum shares behind the scenes footage from her dressing room on Snapchat Not easy getting red carpet ready  'This a** is all real!': Brielle Biermann fiercely defends alleged plastic surgery rumours on her shapely rear Vented her frustrations during a Snapchat video Gigi Hadid flashes a hint of cleavage in a perilously thin polo shirt as she showcases her sartorial swagger in a chic ensemble in New York  Ant & Dec are joined by supportive wives Lisa Armstrong and Ali Astall as they receive their OBEs for services to television at Buckingham Palace Bianca Gascoigne sets pulses racing as she flaunts her eye-popping cleavage and sensational curves in skimpy swimwear for calendar shoot Made In Chelsea's Binky Felstead hides her growing baby bump in saucy thigh-grazing camouflage T-shirt from her collection, exhibiting her slender legs 'Her links with Sue made it easy': Anna Richardson 'turned down role on Great British Bake Off over show favourite and girlfriend Perkins' SPOILER ALERT: Corrie's Steve McDonald races to the registry office as Leanne Battersby fills in their baby's birth certificate... but will he be listed as the father? 'Not long to go now little angel': Rachael Finch cradles bare baby bump and reveals two boys names have been chosen as due date nears SEBASTIAN SHAKESPEARE: I plotted to behead Duke of Manchester, says Australian model ex-wife in extraordinary disclosure  PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Make-up free Perrie Edwards looks glum as she takes dog Hatchi for a walk... amid rumours of a split with Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain 'You can only fall out with someone you love': Ewan McGregor looks back at his bitter 17-year dispute with T2 Trainspotting director Danny Boyle  'I had let myself go due to personal circumstances': Drew Barrymore admits she lost 20lbs for her new show after split from Will Kopelman She DOES eat crisps! Gwyneth Paltrow reveals her immaculately organised pantry containing some surprisingly normal snacks (including Kettle Chips and popcorn) 39 weeks and counting! Jessa Duggar shares side-by-side baby bump comparison in second pregnancy Due to deliver her second child in weeks  'My angel in heaven': Bobby Brown pays tribute to his late daughter Bobbi Kristina in a bomber jacket with her image on the back 'He's a pathological liar!' Richard Keys' wife blasts the ex-Sky pundit as he renews his affair with their daughter's 27-year-old lawyer friend with trysts at five-star hotel  REVEALED: Photographer Kendall Jenner takes a turn behind the lens as she shoots stunning image of Kaia Gerber, 15, for cover of Love magazine 'G'day from the Philippines!' Miss Universe hopeful Caris Tiivel flashes a hint of thigh in skimpy lace nightgown as she prepares for beauty pageant 'I was called a s***!' Charlotte McKinney reveals her bullying torment over large breasts... and why she is even considering a reduction 'There was no plan, I just lived like him': Matthew McConaughey reveals it took him SIX months of excess to put on more than THREE STONE for new film Gold Aloha! Mother-of-one Amber Rose showcases her eye-popping curves in tiny bikini while relaxing in Hawaii hotel  Shearling delight! Bethenny Frankel bundles up in sheepskin with her daughter Bryn Gone from being Nicky Hilton's nanny to a  Real Housewife  Amanda Warren set to guest star on This Is Us after signing up to play William Hill's mother Show focused on fight with cancer. Joanna Krupa wins permission to 'dig into Brandi Glanville's finances'... after she's ordered to share gynecological records in 'smelly' defamation case Make-up free Melissa McCarthy bundles up on set of her latest film project Can You Ever Forgive Me? in New York City This funny lady is back Somebody Alp me! Josie Gibson takes ANOTHER tumble on the ski slopes as she continues to train for injury-ridden series The Jump Sex J-Education: CBB's Jedward shock housemates by talking about having sex on the kitchen table and teach Jamie O'Hara how to put a condom on a banana 'I didn't show him my picture for FIVE months': Ex EastEnders star Cheryl Fergison, 51, reveals she hid her identity from now husband Yassine, 30 Rihanna shows her humble side as she meets school pupils on Malawi charity trip Visit follows reports Madonna is to adopt in the country Carrie on Homeland: Claire Danes on why the show is good for her marriage and how her neighbourhood book club keeps her sane Life's just peachy! Rebecca Ferguson is the picture of elegance in pastel dress and coat as she promotes her new album in Liverpool Showing Aaron what he's missing! Lauren Pope flaunts her fabulous figure in black lingerie... after split from Geordie Shore star A sultry selfie  'I chose velvet knickerbockers over a suit!' David Beckham discusses his flamboyant fashion history in Desert Island Discs special In bed with Lea Michele! Star strips NAKED to slip between the sheets for latest racy Instagram snap Shared a raunchy photo of herself in bed Meet Lara Croft's dad! Dominic West signs on to play Lord Richard in Tomb Raider reboot starring Alicia Vikander The Affair star has signed on to film He's ripped! Joe Jonas endured 16 weeks of intense pro-athlete training to achieve defined abs and muscles Bam! Pow! Iconic Batman Returns costume worn by Michael Keaton sells at auction for $41,250 The black rubber bat suit stands at 6'5" tall 'Job hazard': Chrissy Teigen shares photograph of her legs covered in bruises... after getting injured while dancing Sore knees 'Zayn's asleep!': Taylor Swift complains about her very early start in behind the scenes peek on I Don't Wanna Live Forever video set 'A day with him and I get so tired my eyes start to itch!' Chloe Madeley on England rugby player beau James Haskell 'pushing himself too hard' 'First day of school v prom!' Taylor Swift fans go wild for sultry new look in I Don't Wanna Live Forever with Zayn Malik At her sexiest 'I'm alive... and I feel great!' Lamar Odom on life after rehab and his brush with death  The 37-year-old has been keeping busy since coming out of the facility The name's Ratajkowski... Lisa Ratajkowski! Big Brother star Appleton emulates DKNY model Emily as she walks her dog in bra and knickers 'You never really leave': Sherlock's Amanda Abbington hints return to the show opposite ex Martin Freeman is possible... despite being killed off Now that's a statement piece! Natalie Portman carries 'Make America Read Again' tote after calling out President Donald Trump at LA Women's March 'Shove it in your mouth!' Jamie O'Hara thrusts a cream-filled scone into Bianca Gascoigne's face as they clash in latest CBB challenge 'It's a wonderful thing to have closure': Uma Thurman wins primary custody of her daughter after a bitter legal battle with financier ex Arpad Busson Tamara Ecclestone displays her long legs in thigh-high boots and chic dress as she goes hand-in-hand with daughter Sophia Mummy-daughter day PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Is this the new line-up for C4's Great British Bake Off? Michel Roux Jr joins Paul Hollywood and even a Mary Berry lookalike at 'screen test' It's Ant OR Dec! Cheeky television presenters swap places for the first time during photo opportunity after being awarded OBEs This feels weird Elizabeth Hurley, 51, parades her incredible bikini body in TINY string two-piece as she holidays in India with son Damian, 14 Sexy Instagram snap  Good Morning America host Lara Spencer heats things up in primetime as she breaks for MULTIPLE makeout sessions during three-hour dinner date The Muse! Sharon Stone, 58, relaxes in her bikini as she paints watercolours in the pool while on 'retreat' She's inspired many over the year, too 'She made me re-evaluate how I see life': Russell Brand rocks grungy leather trousers for The One Show... as he gushes about his two-month-old daughter Mabel Multi-tasking mamma! Jennifer Garner catches up on calls as she juggles her bags after a busy school run in Los Angeles 'We're NOT engaged': GBBO winner Candice Brown denies her convicted drug dealer boyfriend has proposed but says they will definitely marry There's no hiding it now! Zooey Deschanel shows off her baby bump on set of New Girl despite being yet to confirm she is expecting her second child 'Blondes Rule!' Paris Hilton posts a nostalgic throwback picture with old pal Britney Spears It's a flashback of two iconic beauties!  Just a pair of ordinary teens! Rocco Ritchie and girlfriend Kim Turnbull look in good spirits as they join tube-goers for London rush-hour commute 'Slow down, you're drunk': CBB's Nicola McLean scolds Bianca Gascoigne after she puts on a very steamy display with Jamie O'Hara  Kelly Brook flashes her ample cleavage in colourful plunging leotard as she poses for busty calendar shot She commanded attention Lady Victoria Hervey puts on an eye-popping display as she attends pyjama party TOPLESS... covering her modesty in nothing but a pair of nipple tassels That made her morning! The Queen flashes a smile as she's greeted by topless men in traditional Fijian grass skirts at an exhibition in Norwich Bad hair day: Nicolas Cage disheveled look reveals his thinning locks at LAX Actor battles with baldness on Thursday Dream team! Celine Dion joins Gwen Stefani as her key adviser for season 12 of The Voice 'There's nobody like Celine. Everybody's going to be so mad ... that I got you.' Portrait of my lady! Evan Ross shows off his sketching skills with wife Ashlee Simpson as his model and muse He can act, sing, and also draw Royally good pals! Princess Eugenie embraces Hollywood star Felicity Jones as they unexpectedly bump into each other while shopping in London 'Backyard bum shots': Bikini-clad Skye Wheatley flaunts her pert derrière as former Big Brother star poses beside busty brunette friend A house to remember! Mandy Moore secretly buys unusual Mid-century modern home on the outskirts of Los Angeles for just under $2.6 million Ouch! Sarah Hyland hobbles around on crutches 'nursing an ankle injury' on set of Modern Family Performing through pain never looked so good.  Our little helpers! Neil Patrick Harris and David Burtka's twins stir up something sweet in the kitchen Something for all the family Rachel Weisz wraps up warm as she shoots scenes in London as Rachel McAdams' lover for new movie Disobedience Remarkably relaxed  'I know what it feels like to be vulnerable': Charlie Webster reflects on her harrowing sexual abuse ordeal as she visits women's refuge for domestic violence  Bikini-clad Danielle Lloyd shows off her curves as she puts her troubles behind her in Dubai... after publicly slamming ex-husband Jamie O'Hara City chic! Bella Hadid shows off her flawless figure in a plunging mini dress as she hits the streets of Manhattan in a fierce new DKNY campaign 'Orlando Bloom is just chilling behind my house... WHAT': Actor's school visit sends teenagers into meltdown  What I go to school for First ladies first? Trump didn't wait for Melania at their car when they arrived at the White House to meet the Obama's... unlike Barack, George and Bill 'She's giving me a headache': Kelly Brook is slammed on Twitter for being too 'loud and hyper' following fashion segment on Lorraine  Didn't go down well Chloe Ferry bounces back from CBB eviction as she hits the town with Geordie Shore gal pals Charlotte Crosby and Sophie Kasaei Back on the toon Goodman gracious three! Ex On The Beach star Chloe oozes sex appeal in plunging red dress as she hits the town with sisters Lauryn and Amelia Fleeing the country? Scott Eastwood enjoys an escape to Fiji after threats of $300 fine for dangerous cliff diving After making headlines for a cliff dive  Rafa's secret weapon! The childhood sweetheart who almost NEVER goes on tour whose support has helped send Nadal to Australian Open Have Perrie Edwards and Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain split already? Little Mix star DELETES her only Instagram snap of the footballer 'Whisper in her ear that it's okay to go': Carl Reiner reveals what he told actress Mary Tyler Moore's husband the day before she died  Time to go Making a splash! Selfie queen Karen Danczuk flaunts her curves in a VERY low cut swimsuit on Spain's Costa Blanca  Former Labour councillor 'I need to do what's best for my family!' Heather Dubrow reveals she's quitting Real Housewives after five seasons She's a TV veteran Mischa Barton taken to hospital for mental evaluation after neighbours found her 'screaming about end of the world and her mum being a witch'  EXCLUSIVE 'I attract toyboys!' Wild Lisa Appleton says she wants to bag a younger man during lively appearance on Lizzie Cundy's radio show Rita Ora falls victim to a gust of wind as she reveals her legs in extreme thigh-split skirt and cow-print fur jacket while leaving recording studio Hugh Jackman isn't perfect - there's video proof! Aussie triple threat hilariously fumbles classic cane twirl with face smacking results Lily Collins rocks casual workout gear as she gets her morning caffeine fix... after revealing she battled an eating disorder as a teen Back to business: Amy Adams puts on a brave face as she runs errands following VERY awkward Oscars snub The actress is still smiling Game, set and perfect match! Rafael Nadal shares a cuddle and passionate kiss with girlfriend Xisca Perello at Melbourne hotel before the tennis Got this covered! Heidi Klum looks lovely in layers as she heads to the on location set of Germany's Next Top Model Wrapping up warm He's got t-issues! Richard Madeley struggles to blow his own nose as he nurses a bandaged arm after shattering his elbow It's a rough time Who needs Kim? Jonathan Cheban enjoys a walk with Kardashian lookalike in London as his BFF heads to Costa Rica with Saint and North The playful Prince! Albert is poked by his adorable two-year-old son as he joins his wife and daughter on the balcony on Saint Devote Day in Monaco It's them or me! Amir Khan's 'paranoid' wife gives boxer a family ultimatum because she can't get over 'Michael Jackson' jibe and fears MORE sex tapes Jennifer Lopez, 47, suffers a wardrobe malfunction as she accidentally flashes her flesh-coloured bra in low-cut white dress at shoe collection launch '21 feels amazing!' AFL WAG Rebecca Judd thanks fans for the 'bday love' as she is gifted with large bouquet of flowers... before bonding with twins Well he is a Saint! Kim Kardashian can't stop kissing her son's cherubic cheeks as they join North onboard jet to Costa Rica... but Kanye isn't there! From slumdog to Hollywood: Incredible rags to riches story of Indian boy, 8, plucked from Mumbai ghetto to star in Nicole Kidman's Lion blockbuster Ex TOWIE star Danielle Armstrong parties with Kate Wright's new love interest Rio Ferdinand as former footballer reopens his Manchester restaurant Racy Kylie Jenner flashes major underboob as she exposes her lace bra and flat stomach in a cropped sweatshirt on night out with Tyga PICTURED: Proof Madonna IS trying to adopt four-year-old twin sisters in Malawi as she is seen leaving court... hours after she denied it  Larry Lamb channels notorious thief Brian Reader in dramatic new trailer for The Hatton Garden Job... based on real-life jewellery heist by ageing gang 'We need a DNA test...' Pregnant Rochelle Humes claims Chris Kamara could be the father of her unborn baby during playful interview  'Of course we're getting married!' GBBO winner Candice Brown's convicted drug dealer boyfriend CONFIRMS wedding plans Robin Thicke 'loses custody' of son Julian as judge issues 'restraining order blocking him from going near his child and ex-wife Paula Patton' Nicole Richie looks stylish in Beetlejuice inspired top and shaggy coat as she supports husband Joel Madden for latest music venture Perfect pair Eamonn Holmes, Davina McCall and Kirstie Allsopp rally behind Gary Lineker who said homework should be BANNED (and calling for a boycott day) Bella Thorne proudly shows off new piercing as she goes braless in tight top after boasting about nipple ring Sure to give a view of the area to her fans 'Baby, baby, I feel crazy': Taylor Swift and Zayn Malik trash luxurious hotel room in sizzling video for I Don't Wanna Live Forever At long last, it's landed Oh yes she (Ha)did! Braless Bella shares racy Instagram snap of her sheer crystal-studded gown from opulent Christian Dior masquerade ball Kourtney's son Reign, 2, sports cute man bun while Kardashian clan leave for Costa Rica (but Scott Disick was uninvited) Doting mom  She's usually flawless! Kris Jenner appeared windswept as hair sticks straight up while boarding private jet to Costa Rica Here comes mama Liza Minnelli digs up mother Judy Garland's remains and has them moved 3,000 miles from New York to Hollywood celebrity cemetery, 48 years after her death  'He's my escape from it all!' Faye Brookes credits boyfriend Gareth Gates following NTA win... as she admits there's extra pressure due to their schedules Playing without the boys! Josephine Skriver shows off her beach volleyball skills as Victoria's Secret models shoot sexy sporty set in Santa Monica 'She can't control her eye': Nicola McLean 'may need emergency corrective surgery after leaving Big Brother house' as new medical woes are revealed  Suddenly shy? Emily Ratajkowski covers up in a tight top and skinny jeans as she enjoys a dinner date at Catch LA  Uncharacteristically covered up Happy family! Mariah Carey's boyfriend Bryan Tanaka bonds with her children as the couple take them to gym class in LA  Seem to be serious 'Total lies': Shane Warne and ex-wife Simone Callahan blast magazine claims their daughter Brooke, 19, is a 'wild girl' who parties too hard She DOES eat crisps! Gwyneth Paltrow reveals her immaculate pantry containing some surprisingly normal snacks (including popcorn and pasta) 'A disgrace': President Trump blasts SNL writer for targeting his son Barron and calls Madonna 'disgusting' for talking about blowing up the White House Ivanka settles into DC life: First Daughter shares charming picture of her children playing at a local park after the family's move to Washington  'What I should've said': Ayda Field shares funny NTAs debrief video with husband Robbie Williams... after her awkward presenting moment fell flat Out and a pout! Katie Price displays alarmingly fuller lips just one day after demure NTAs appearance... before she's slapped with a parking ticket  Make-up free Kaley Cuoco shows off her natural beauty as she cuts a casual figure in baggy sweatshirt and jeans while enjoying some pamper time  From Page 3 girl to grown-up glamour: How Kelly Brook's astonishing wardrobe transformation has earned her an unlikely gig as a fashion editor Anna Wintour heads to Dolce & Gabbana show in Milan... amid claims feud with Alexandra Shulman could be to blame for her stepping down from British Vogue Paula Patton cast as protective mom in ABC summer series amid ongoing custody war with Robin Thicke ABC thriller called Somewhere Between 'We're completely in love!' Delighted Alex Jones, 39, reveals she's given birth to a baby boy as she announces the news live on The One Show 'They look like great tits!' Kate Garraway has to apologise to viewers after Ben Shephard gets naughty talking about 'chasing birds' on Good Morning Britain Glum Megan McKenna appears downcast during solo outing... just hours after 'she was left hysterical amid furious row with beau Pete Wicks at NTAs' Whitney survives the Walford bus crash and soon feels well enough to snog her father-in-law Mick (Danny Dyer) in EastEnders, by Jim Shelley  Kim Kardashian starts new trend as she shows off PIERCED nails (but it's only for the truly pampered) Not for everyone  'I can do whatever the fig I like!' Nadia Sawalha defends her actions after she was caught on camera swearing about Loose Women losing at NTAs to This Morning 'We went for it!': EastEnders' Emma Barton reveals soap's cast did lift a REAL double decker bus while filming controversial crash scene 'I'll be at the hotel!' Third Williams sister will NOT be going to Venus and Serena's Australian Open final - because she doesn't want to choose a side Seeing double! Rob Kardashian compares baby pictures of himself and daughter Dream on Instagram He's been nothing but adoring  Ben Price QUITS Coronation Street to spend more time with his family after seven years playing Nick Tilsley Hope she isn't fishing for compliments! Christina Milian wears hideous multicoloured gown to seafood restaurant in Los Angeles  Sarah Paulson is a fashionable flyer while touching down at LAX... as girlfriend Holland Taylor calls their relationship 'the most wonderful thing' Janet Jackson spotted out for first time since welcoming son Eissa just weeks ago as she shops at baby boutique in London A galaxy far, far away! Star Wars actor Ben Mendelsohn cast in Netflix film 'The Land of Steady Habits'... after wife Emma Forrest files for divorce 'Why are we on her mind so often?' Paris Jackson hits back at Wendy Williams after chat show host said she did not deserve Rolling Stone cover Is that you, Charlene? Kylie Minogue provides a throwback to Neighbours in retro overall outfit as she starts work on wedding and a name change Nothing casual about it! Gigi Hadid dons a sweat suit with a full face of make-up after  Maybelline photoshoot Heading back to her apartment in NYC Wait for us! Kylie Jenner holds King Cairo's hand as duo sprint to private jet for family trip to Costa Rica Playing stepmum She's a walking advert! Mary Berry totes her new recipe book as she arrives at the Radio 4 studios after taking a swipe at Paul Hollywood  Self-promotion He's got axes to grind! Jason Momoa carries multiple hatchets while heading to chat show in Hollywood Heading to a television appearance She's a beaming bride-to-be! Kate Mara smiles while out with doting fiance Jamie Bell in Beverly Hills Had the look of love on Thursday 'Baby, I'm so proud of you!' Gareth Gates performs an impromptu rap in celebration of girlfriend Faye Brookes' NTA win as they relax in bed together 'Don Draper would be dead': Jon Hamm doesn't think his Mad Men character would be alive today He'd be in his 80s by now Astonishing forgiveness of fallen TV star Rory's wife: She stands by McGrath despite his 14-month harassment of married lover who ended affair 'You talk so much b****cks!': CBB's Nicola McLean unleashes a scathing attack on Jedward as she labels them 'f***ing p***ks' . 'I'm feeling for you': CBB's Jamie O'Hara forgives love-interest Bianca Gascoigne as the pair kiss and make-up... after she lied about being single Ladies who lunch! Cara Santana and Jamie Chung don knit jumpers for meal at WeHo restaurant Have yet to collaborate onscreen Braless Sam Faiers slips into risqué gown to flaunt her perky assets... as she flashes 'PK' phone case in homage to beau Paul Knightley and baby son  Who needs Adrian? Rocky star Sylvester Stallone shows off elegant wife Jennifer Flavin at charity gala He will forever be known for his on-screen love  Oops she did it again! Britney Spears posts sexy lingerie snap just a day after almost breaking the internet by showing off her nether region tattoos Ben Affleck's passion project flop Live By Night results in $75 million loss for Warner Bros The gangster flick has not made a profit Rod Stewart borrows style tips from Only Fools And Horses as he channels Del Boy in shearling coat and flat cap while touching down in NYC Cheeky Anna Friel lauds Paddy McGuinness' hunky physique... as they transform into Rocky characters for new sketch show Bond babe Olga Kurylenko flashes her BARE BREASTS in raunchy caged jumpsuit as she leads sizzling stars at Paris Fashion Week gala dinner So Fancy! Charli XCX goes green in an ab-flashing cropped tee with matching tracksuit bottoms as she shows off her painting skills during radio appearance In the jeans! Julia Roberts keeps it casual in denim as she flashes a big smile with her son Finn, 12, in Malibu The 49-year-old enjoyed a relaxing day  Lottie Moss channels her inner zen at SAME Turkish retreat enjoyed by sister Kate before her infamous easyJet 'basic b***h' meltdown 'I'm good now': Khloe Kardashian helps Jill whose parents died as teen lose 30 pounds on Revenge Body Regained her personality Family business! Bella Hadid and brother Anwar pose up a storm in new Zadig & Voltaire ad campaign Working together for her latest modelling gig 'Practically twins': Beyonce's mom Tina Knowles shares sweet photo collage of super star and lookalike granddaughter Blue Ivy Posted on Instagram All that glitters! Aubrey Plaza wows in thigh-skimming sequined mini as she joins Mary Elizabeth Winstead at Legion premiere Walking the red carpet Dazzling Depp! Lily-Rose, 17, sparkles in a shimmering cropped catsuit as she lends her rising star power to Paris fashion charity bash Still got it! Melanie Griffith shows off taut legs as she steps out in West Hollywood with a male friend A stroll through the neighbourhood  Coldplay star Chris Martin shows off his cycling form as he goes for a ride in revealing shorts in Malibu  It is not every day you see Chris on a bike Another day, ANOTHER soiree! Jet-setter Pixie Lott takes the plunge in stunning black gown as she parties in Paris, 24 hours after NTAs 'I'll miss you Mair': Valerie Harper, 77, takes to Twitter and posts emotional tribute to co-star Mary Tyler Moore To remember her beloved late co-star  Mike Connors of Mannix fame dies aged 91 ONE WEEK after being diagnosed with leukemia His son-in-law Mike confirmed the news Pamela Anderson looks chic in a white playsuit with wide-brimmed hat for Paris sightseeing trip... a day after surprise visit to France's refugees Ashley James continues to flaunt her newly-slimmed down frame as she slips into a tight plunging yellow dress for night out on the town 'I'm a fitness Barbie': Khloe Kardashian displays her toned derriere in tiny bodysuit as she shares behind-the-scenes video from steamy shoot Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
