Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance CDW Corp - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for CDW Corp with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Ngam Advisors L.P. Acquires 30,978 Shares of Scotts Miracle-Gro Co (SMG) Teacher Retirement System of Texas Buys 355,819 Shares of Quanta Services Inc (PWR) Ngam Advisors L.P. Buys 79,974 Shares of Axalta Coating Systems Ltd (AXTA) CDW Corp (CDW) Shares Sold by Teacher Retirement System of Texas Jack Henry & Associates, Inc. (JKHY) Shares Sold by Teacher Retirement System of Texas AGCO Co. (AGCO) Shares Sold by Teacher Retirement System of Texas Teacher Retirement System of Texas Sells 5,240 Shares of Sun Communities Inc (SUI) Quest Diagnostics (DGX) Given News Impact Score of 0.15 Eagle Point Credit Company Inc Announces Monthly Dividend of $0.20 (ECC) Dynegy (DYN) Earns Daily Media Sentiment Rating of 0.28 Selecta Biosciences Inc (SELB) Given $26.67 Average Target Price by Analysts Mattersight Corp (MATR) Director Tench Coxe Buys 225,253 Shares Sun Hydraulics Co. (SNHY) Director Christine L. Koski Sells 24,300 Shares Commercewest Bank Com (CWBK) Lifted to Hold at Zacks Investment Research Intuitive Surgical, Inc. (ISRG) EVP Salvatore Brogna Sells 1,306 Shares QUALCOMM, Inc. (QCOM) President Derek K. Aberle Sells 22,251 Shares Midland States Bancorp Inc (MSBI) EVP Jeffrey S. Mefford Sells 25,000 Shares of Stock Novozymes A/S – (NVZMY) Receives $47.50 Average Price Target from Analysts Kering Unspon (PPRUY) Given Consensus Rating of “Strong Buy” by Analysts Somewhat Favorable Press Coverage Likely to Affect CSP (CSPI) Share Price CDW Corp (CDW) Shares Sold by Teacher Retirement System of Texas June 5th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Patrick Bannon Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Teacher Retirement System of Texas cut its stake in CDW Corp (NASDAQ:CDW) by 6.0% during the first quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The institutional investor owned 582,981 shares of the information technology services provider’s stock after selling 37,384 shares during the period. Teacher Retirement System of Texas’ holdings in CDW Corp were worth $33,644,000 as of its most recent SEC filing. A number of other large investors have also recently added to or reduced their stakes in CDW. JPMorgan Chase & Co. raised its stake in shares of CDW Corp by 13.0% in the first quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 4,787,140 shares of the information technology services provider’s stock worth $276,266,000 after buying an additional 549,088 shares during the period. Kayne Anderson Rudnick Investment Management LLC raised its stake in shares of CDW Corp by 1.9% in the first quarter. Kayne Anderson Rudnick Investment Management LLC now owns 3,784,418 shares of the information technology services provider’s stock worth $218,399,000 after buying an additional 72,351 shares during the period. Bessemer Group Inc. raised its stake in shares of CDW Corp by 0.7% in the fourth quarter. Bessemer Group Inc. now owns 2,336,001 shares of the information technology services provider’s stock worth $121,683,000 after buying an additional 15,526 shares during the period. Pioneer Investment Management Inc. raised its stake in shares of CDW Corp by 171.8% in the first quarter. Pioneer Investment Management Inc. now owns 1,896,131 shares of the information technology services provider’s stock worth $109,426,000 after buying an additional 1,198,522 shares during the period. Finally, Norges Bank bought a new stake in shares of CDW Corp during the fourth quarter worth about $70,030,000. 91.06% of the stock is owned by institutional investors. CDW Corp (CDW) remained flat at $61.24 on Monday. 699,133 shares of the company traded hands. The company has a market capitalization of $9.62 billion, a P/E ratio of 24.91 and a beta of 1.01. The company’s 50 day moving average price is $58.88 and its 200-day moving average price is $56.12. CDW Corp has a 52-week low of $38.89 and a 52-week high of $61.59. CDW Corp (NASDAQ:CDW) last issued its quarterly earnings results on Wednesday, May 3rd. The information technology services provider reported $0.75 EPS for the quarter, topping the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of $0.71 by $0.04. CDW Corp had a return on equity of 53.32% and a net margin of 3.04%. The firm had revenue of $3.32 billion during the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $3.24 billion. During the same period in the previous year, the business earned $0.67 earnings per share. The firm’s revenue for the quarter was up 6.7% on a year-over-year basis. On average, equities analysts predict that CDW Corp will post $3.83 EPS for the current fiscal year. The company also recently declared a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Monday, June 12th. Investors of record on Thursday, May 25th will be given a dividend of $0.16 per share. This represents a $0.64 annualized dividend and a dividend yield of 1.05%. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Tuesday, May 23rd. CDW Corp’s payout ratio is 25.10%. WARNING: This article was first posted by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are viewing this article on another website, it was illegally copied and reposted in violation of U.S. & international copyright and trademark laws. The correct version of this article can be accessed at https://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/06/05/cdw-corp-cdw-shares-sold-by-teacher-retirement-system-of-texas.html. A number of brokerages have issued reports on CDW. Royal Bank of Canada reaffirmed an “outperform” rating and set a $64.00 price objective on shares of CDW Corp in a report on Friday, May 19th. Robert W. Baird reiterated a “buy” rating on shares of CDW Corp in a research report on Saturday, May 13th. Zacks Investment Research downgraded CDW Corp from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating in a research report on Tuesday, May 9th. Barclays PLC reiterated an “overweight” rating and set a $64.00 target price (up from $62.00) on shares of CDW Corp in a research report on Monday, May 1st. Finally, Northcoast Research initiated coverage on CDW Corp in a research report on Monday, April 24th. They set a “buy” rating and a $70.00 target price for the company. Three analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating, six have issued a buy rating and one has issued a strong buy rating to the company’s stock. CDW Corp presently has a consensus rating of “Buy” and an average target price of $61.17. In related news, insider Jonathan J. Stevens sold 6,700 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Thursday, May 4th. The stock was sold at an average price of $58.91, for a total transaction of $394,697.00. Following the completion of the sale, the insider now directly owns 102,366 shares in the company, valued at $6,030,381.06. The sale was disclosed in a document filed with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which can be accessed through the SEC website. Also, insider Christina M. Corley sold 4,000 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Wednesday, May 10th. The stock was sold at an average price of $59.01, for a total value of $236,040.00. Following the sale, the insider now owns 71,843 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $4,239,455.43. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Insiders have sold 22,700 shares of company stock valued at $1,341,377 over the last quarter. 2.20% of the stock is owned by company insiders. CDW Corp Company Profile CDW Corporation (CDW) is a provider of integrated information technology (IT) solutions in the United States, Canada and the United Kingdom. The Company’s segments include Corporate, Public and Other. The Corporate segment consists of private sector business customers in the United States based on employee size between Medium/Large customers, which primarily includes organizations with more than 100 employees, and Small Business customers, which primarily includes organizations with up to 100 employees. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding CDW? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for CDW Corp (NASDAQ:CDW). Receive News & Ratings for CDW Corp Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for CDW Corp and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Trump’s Tweets Complicate Already Complicated Week World Leaders Very Critical of Paris Agreement Decision by Trump Aide to President Trump Resigns With More Expected Scud-Class Missile Launched by North Korea Travel Ban Dealt Another Blow by Appeals Court © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Helping the world invest better since 1993. Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Latest Stock Picks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 249% 71% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 116% 58% Income Investor Dividend stocks 46% 43% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 63% 55% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 49% 31% Returns as of 6/8/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks | IRAs | Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2017 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s | 30s | 40s | 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I Reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2017 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Best Small Business Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Our Mission: Helping the World Invest — Better Founded in 1993 by brothers Tom and David Gardner, The Motley Fool helps millions of people attain financial freedom through our website, podcasts, books, newspaper column, radio show, and premium investing services. Latest Stock Picks Stocks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 249% 71% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 116% 58% Income Investor Dividend stocks 46% 43% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 63% 55% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 49% 31% Returns as of 6/8/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks IRAs Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2017 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s Retirement Guide: 30s Retirement Guide: 40s Retirement Guide: 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2016 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Best Small Business Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Community Login Search Search: Is JPMorgan Chase Stock a Buy Right Now? Investors would be wise to wait before buying shares of JPMorgan Chase. John Maxfield (JohnMaxfield37) Jun 5, 2017 at 4:20PM JPMorgan Chase (NYSE:JPM) is one of the best big banks in the country, but does that mean its stock is a buy right now? Not necessarily. To be clear, there's a lot to like about JPMorgan Chase from the perspective of an investor. This shines through loud and clear when you look at its stock chart over the past year compared to the S&P 500. Shares of the nation's biggest bank by assets have outperformed the large-cap stock index by 12 percentage points since June of last year. This alone is impressive. But making it even more so is the fact that the S&P 500 has performed pretty well itself, up 16% over this stretch. Yet, that still pales in comparison to JPMorgan Chase's 28% gain. JPM data by YCharts. There are two primary explanations for this surge. In the first case, the unexpected outcome of last year's presidential election led investors to assume that banks would soon make more money. On the campaign trail, after all, Donald Trump promised to reduce corporate income taxes and ease regulations in the financial services industry, both of which would allow more of JPMorgan Chase's revenue to fall to the bottom line. In the second case, as the Federal Reserve continues to raise interest rates, assuming that it does so, that would translate into higher net interest income at JPMorgan Chase. Earlier this year, its chief financial officer, Marianne Lake, said that the New York-based bank should see its full-year net interest income, the difference between its yield on earning assets and its cost of funds, increase by $4 billion compared to 2016. And that's assuming rates don't rise any further from here, which they could. The net result is that analysts, commentators, and investors widely assume that JPMorgan Chase's shares should continue to climb. Of the 29 analysts who have rated the bank's stock and are tracked by Yahoo! Finance, 17 of them rate its shares either a buy or a strong buy. Meanwhile, 11 rate it a hold, while only one recommends that investors should sell JPMorgan Chase's stock. Recommendation Number of Analyst Ratings Strong buy 5 Buy 12 Hold 11 Sell 1 Data source: Yahoo! Finance. Analysts' general optimism toward JPMorgan Chase also comes through in their consensus price target. The average analyst has a $94.13 target on JPMorgan Chase, which implies a 13% upside from today's price of $83.18. All of this seems to bode well for the bank. Yet, I'd caution investors to tread carefully in this space. As I've already noted, JPMorgan Chase's shares have rallied since the presidential election on the banks of hopes for tax reform and regulatory relief, both of which seem to have ground to a halt over the past few months. Moreover, with the market in general at towering heights, it doesn't seem unreasonable to think that a correction could soon be in order. When that would happen is anybody's guess, but the landscape is littered with catalysts given the chaos and confusion in the nation's capital. In short, while I think JPMorgan Chase's stock is a solid investment for any investor's portfolio, I see little harm in waiting for a potential correction in its share price before diving in. John Maxfield has no position in any stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool has no position in any of the stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author John Maxfield (JohnMaxfield37) John has written for The Motley Fool since 2011. If you like what you see, then you should follow him on Twitter. Follow @OneMarlandRoad Article Info Jun 5, 2017 at 4:20PM Financials Stocks JPMorgan Chase NYSE:JPM $85.02 up $1.11 (1.32%) Read More A Very Interesting Chart About Bank Stocks Will JPMorgan Chase Raise Its Dividend in 2017? A Foolish Take: An Ominous Sign for the Economy The 4 Most Popular Bank Stocks Held by Hedge Funds 3 Reasons JPMorgan Chase Stock Is a Buy Right Now (and 2 Reasons It Isn't) Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Current Is JPMorgan Chase Stock a Buy Right Now? @themotleyfool #stocks $JPM
Menu Stocks Stocks to Buy Stocks to Sell Dividend Stocks Penny Stocks Hot Stocks Stock Market Today Funds Mutual Funds ETF Investing 401k & Investing Tips Retirement Financial Advisor Center Trading Trading Advice Trade of the Day Trading Report How to Trade Options Market Insight IPO Playbook Gadgets, Smartphones & Tech Weird Street InvestorPolitics Financial Advisors Premium Services Stocks to Buy Stocks to Sell Dividend Stocks Penny Stocks Hot Stocks Stock Market Today DOW- NASDAQ- S&P 500- Alibaba (BABA) pops on massive full-year revenue forecast >>> READ MORE Breaking news sponsored by Home > Stock Picks > Hot Stocks > Snap Inc (SNAP) Stock Dips on Price Cut The new price target is $18 Jun 5, 2017, 11:41 am EDT  |  By William White, InvestorPlace Writer     Snap Inc (NYSE:SNAP) stock was down on Monday following a price cut from JPMorgan. Source: Snap JPMorgan analyst Doug Anmuth lowered his price target for Snap Inc to $18. The previous price target that the analyst had for SNAP stock was $20. The stock’s closing price on Friday, June 2, 2017 was $21.06. Anmuth’s reasons for lowering JPMorgan’s price target for Snap Inc have to do with being careful. The analyst believes that the camera company won’t bring in as much revenue off of its Spectacles smartglasses as previously expected. The JPMorgan analyst is expecting Snap Inc to sell 429,000 units of its smartglasses for $56 million in revenue. This is a 53% decline from the previous estimate, which had SNAP selling 915,00 units for $119 million in revenue. He is also expecting the company to have trouble with ad revenue and slowing DAU growth. The update from Anmuth also includes changes to estimated earnings for fiscal year 2017. He is expecting losses of 68 cents in fiscal 2017, 44 cents in fiscal 2018 and 13 cents in fiscal 2019. Previous estimates had SNAP reporting losses of 65 cents in fiscal 2017 and 34 cents fiscal 2018, and a gain of 11 cents in fiscal 2019, reports StreetInsider.com. Wall Street’s estimate consensus for Snap Inc has the company reporting losses per share of 57 for fiscal 2017. Analysts are also estimating losses per share of 34 cents for fiscal 2018. Snap Inc last released its earnings report on May 11, 2017. The company didn’t do as well as expected, with revenue coming in 5% below estimates. SNAP stock was down 2% as of Monday morning and is down 15% year-to-date. Article printed from InvestorPlace Media, http://investorplace.com/2017/06/snap-inc/. ©2017 InvestorPlace Media, LLC More on InvestorPlace 10 Cheap Stocks to Buy Now 7 Ways to Play the Crude Oil Carnage Should You Buy Tesla Stock? 3 Pros, 3 Cons 4 Best ETFs to Mine a Profit From Gold 10 Companies in Amazon’s Crosshairs A Crazy M&A Idea That Could Pay Dividends ADVERTISEMENT ADVERTISEMENT Editor's Picks 10 Best Cheap Stocks to Buy Now Under $10 7 Ways to Play the Crude Oil Carnage 10 Companies That Are in Amazon’s Crosshairs The 4 Best ETFs to Mine a Profit From Gold Sell Apple Inc. (AAPL) Stock Before Everyone Else Does Most Popular 8 No-Brainer Retirement Stocks to Buy 10 Best Cheap Stocks to Buy Now Under $10 10 Stocks to Buy Before They Finally Join the Rally 7 Dividend Stocks to Buy That Make the Grade 7 Money-Losing Stocks to Buy for Big Turnaround Profits Why Advanced Micro Devices, Inc. (AMD) Stock Is Heading to $15 Poll of the Day View and vote in our How confident are you about the U.S. economy under President Donald Trump? poll Partners ADVERTISEMENT About Us   ·   Press Center   ·   Resources   ·   Advisory Services   ·   Free Newsletters   ·   Free Reports   ·   Contact Us   ·   Advertise With Us   ·   Employment   ·   Privacy   ·   Terms and Conditions   ·   Disclosures and Disclaimers   ·   Media Sites RSS   ·   Sitemap More On InvestorPlace: Choose A Page About Us Press Center Resources Advisory Services Free Newsletters Free Reports Contact Us Advertise With Us Employment Privacy Terms and Conditions Disclosures and Disclaimers Media Sites Sitemap Financial Market Data powered by FinancialContent Services, Inc. All rights reserved. Nasdaq quotes delayed at least 15 minutes, all others at least 20 minutes. Copyright © 2017 InvestorPlace Media, LLC. All rights reserved. 9201 Corporate Blvd, Rockville, MD 20850. Richard Band John Jagerson Hilary Kramer Jon Markman Louis Navellier Bryan Perry Ken Trester Dan Wiener Richard Young Blue Chip Growth Cash Machine GameChangers Independent Adviser for Vanguard Investors Intelligence Report Maximum Options Profitable Investing SlingShot Trader Trader’s Advantage Active Trading Income Investing Growth Investing Mutual Funds & ETFs Value Hunters Options Trading
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Conagra Brands Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Conagra Brands Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Spark Investment Management LLC Invests $1.88 Million in North American Energy Partners Inc.(USA) (NOA) Renewable Energy Group Inc (REGI) Director Buys $55,700.00 in Stock Alliancebernstein L.P. Decreases Stake in Essex Property Trust Inc (ESS) Trueblue Inc (TBI) Position Raised by Alliancebernstein L.P. Cadence Capital Management LLC Has $762,000 Stake in Leggett & Platt, Inc. (LEG) Cadence Capital Management LLC Increases Stake in Comerica Incorporated (CMA) Coach Inc (COH) Stake Maintained by Ariel Investments LLC Cadence Capital Management LLC Lowers Stake in Six Flags Entertainment Corp (SIX) Ariel Investments LLC Increases Stake in Nordstrom, Inc. (JWN) Cadence Capital Management LLC Invests $668,000 in Concho Resources Inc (CXO) Cadence Capital Management LLC Takes Position in Humana Inc (HUM) Ariel Investments LLC Has $38.29 Million Stake in Blackstone Group LP (BX) DISH Network Corp (DISH) Stake Boosted by Cadence Capital Management LLC Concho Resources Inc (CXO) Stake Reduced by Alliancebernstein L.P. Alliancebernstein L.P. Sells 165,254 Shares of Southwest Gas Holdings Inc (SWX) Approach Resources (AREX) Given Media Impact Rating of -0.03 Achillion Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (ACHN) Expected to Announce Earnings of -$0.16 Per Share Comparing Xilinx (XLNX) and Sequans Communications SA (SQNS) Digital Turbine (APPS) Earns Daily News Impact Rating of -0.05 Archrock Partners (APLP) Earning Somewhat Critical Media Coverage, Study Finds WBI Investments Inc. Has $5.03 Million Position in Conagra Brands Inc (CAG) June 5th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Trevor Kearing Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet WBI Investments Inc. cut its position in shares of Conagra Brands Inc (NYSE:CAG) by 1.0% during the first quarter, according to its most recent filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). The fund owned 124,589 shares of the company’s stock after selling 1,279 shares during the period. WBI Investments Inc.’s holdings in Conagra Brands were worth $5,026,000 at the end of the most recent reporting period. Several other hedge funds and other institutional investors have also recently made changes to their positions in CAG. Norges Bank purchased a new position in shares of Conagra Brands during the fourth quarter worth $210,860,000. JPMorgan Chase & Co. raised its position in shares of Conagra Brands by 260.2% in the first quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 3,085,446 shares of the company’s stock worth $124,465,000 after buying an additional 2,228,946 shares in the last quarter. Bank of Montreal Can raised its position in shares of Conagra Brands by 134.5% in the first quarter. Bank of Montreal Can now owns 3,366,929 shares of the company’s stock worth $135,821,000 after buying an additional 1,931,340 shares in the last quarter. Wells Fargo & Company MN raised its position in shares of Conagra Brands by 30.3% in the first quarter. Wells Fargo & Company MN now owns 7,336,632 shares of the company’s stock worth $295,959,000 after buying an additional 1,706,553 shares in the last quarter. Finally, State of Tennessee Treasury Department raised its position in shares of Conagra Brands by 938.3% in the first quarter. State of Tennessee Treasury Department now owns 1,344,018 shares of the company’s stock worth $54,218,000 after buying an additional 1,214,577 shares in the last quarter. 76.28% of the stock is currently owned by institutional investors and hedge funds. Shares of Conagra Brands Inc (NYSE:CAG) traded down 0.25% during trading on Monday, reaching $39.49. The company’s stock had a trading volume of 1,119,039 shares. The company has a 50 day moving average price of $38.67 and a 200 day moving average price of $39.17. Conagra Brands Inc has a 52 week low of $33.61 and a 52 week high of $48.86. The firm has a market capitalization of $16.80 billion, a P/E ratio of 28.72 and a beta of 0.30. Conagra Brands (NYSE:CAG) last released its earnings results on Thursday, March 23rd. The company reported $0.48 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, topping the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of $0.44 by $0.04. Conagra Brands had a return on equity of 25.62% and a net margin of 6.00%. The company had revenue of $1.98 billion for the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $1.98 billion. During the same quarter in the previous year, the firm posted $0.57 EPS. The firm’s quarterly revenue was down 9.9% on a year-over-year basis. On average, equities research analysts expect that Conagra Brands Inc will post $1.72 EPS for the current fiscal year. The firm also recently announced a quarterly dividend, which was paid on Tuesday, May 30th. Shareholders of record on Friday, April 28th were given a dividend of $0.20 per share. This represents a $0.80 annualized dividend and a yield of 2.02%. The ex-dividend date was Wednesday, April 26th. Conagra Brands’s payout ratio is 55.94%. WARNING: “WBI Investments Inc. Has $5.03 Million Position in Conagra Brands Inc (CAG)” was reported by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are accessing this article on another website, it was illegally stolen and reposted in violation of US and international trademark and copyright laws. The original version of this article can be viewed at https://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/06/05/wbi-investments-inc-has-5-03-million-position-in-conagra-brands-inc-cag.html. A number of research analysts have recently weighed in on CAG shares. Royal Bank of Canada increased their price objective on Conagra Brands from $42.00 to $45.00 and gave the company a “buy” rating in a report on Friday, March 24th. Sanford C. Bernstein downgraded Conagra Brands from a “market perform” rating to an “underperform” rating and set a $36.00 target price on the stock. in a research note on Tuesday, March 21st. Deutsche Bank AG initiated coverage on Conagra Brands in a research note on Wednesday, February 15th. They issued a “buy” rating and a $46.00 target price on the stock. Zacks Investment Research downgraded Conagra Brands from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating in a research note on Monday, May 22nd. Finally, JPMorgan Chase & Co. lowered their target price on Conagra Brands from $45.00 to $44.00 and set an “overweight” rating on the stock in a research note on Wednesday, May 31st. One research analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, four have assigned a hold rating and eight have given a buy rating to the stock. The stock has a consensus rating of “Buy” and a consensus price target of $44.76. In other Conagra Brands news, Director Ruth Ann Marshall sold 6,046 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Wednesday, March 29th. The stock was sold at an average price of $40.61, for a total transaction of $245,528.06. The transaction was disclosed in a legal filing with the SEC, which is accessible through this hyperlink. Insiders own 0.58% of the company’s stock. About Conagra Brands Conagra Brands, Inc, formerly ConAgra Foods, Inc, operates as a packaged food company. The Company operates through two segments: Consumer Foods and Commercial Foods. The Company sells branded and customized food products, as well as commercially branded foods. It also supplies vegetable, spice and grain products to a range of restaurants, foodservice operators and commercial customers. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding CAG? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Conagra Brands Inc (NYSE:CAG). Receive News & Ratings for Conagra Brands Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Conagra Brands Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Trump’s Tweets Complicate Already Complicated Week World Leaders Very Critical of Paris Agreement Decision by Trump Aide to President Trump Resigns With More Expected Scud-Class Missile Launched by North Korea Travel Ban Dealt Another Blow by Appeals Court © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home Mail Flickr Tumblr News Sports Finance Celebrity Answers Groups Mobile More Try Yahoo Finance on Firefox » Yahoo Search Search Sign in Finance Home Originals Events Personal Finance Technology Markets Industries My Screeners My Portfolio U.S. Markets close in 5 hrs 59 mins S&P 500 2,432.47 -0.67 (-0.03%) Dow 30 21,182.80 +9.11 (+0.04%) Nasdaq 6,295.14 -2.24 (-0.04%) JPMORGAN: Snapchat isn't adding enough users, and the stock could go lower Seth Archer Business Insider June 5, 2017 Reblog Share Tweet Share View photos Evan SpiegelMore (Snapchat CEO Evan SpiegelGetty/Michael Kovac) Snapchat's stock price has been falling for most of 2017, and JPMorgan thinks it will go even lower. In a note to investors Monday, JPMorgan lowered its price target 10% to $18 from $20 while maintaining its neutral rating. The bank is downgrading its price target based in part on fewer people flocking to the platform. Thanks to competition from Facebook, users are not expected to join Snapchat as fast as previously expected. JPMorgan estimates only 8 million users will join Snapchat in the second quarter of 2017, instead of the 10 million that were previously expected. Snap also isn't expected to show a profit until 2020, according to JPMorgan. The company saw strong ad spending growth around this time last year related to the Olympics and US election, but those were one-time events and aren't expected to be replaced this year. Spectacles, Snap's video-capturing glasses, debuted in the EU this week, but aren't expected to sell well enough to impact Snap's bottom line. JPMorgan cut their revenue estimates from Spectacles nearly in half, from $119 million in 2017 to $56 million. These downsides are not surprising to hear from JPMorgan, given that the bank has been bearish on Snap since it went public. JPMorgan received the third-biggest share of stock after it helped underwrite the company's IPO in March. Shares of Snap are down 15.64% since its IPO, and were down 1.4% in early trading on Monday. Click here for a live chart of SNAP... SNAP stock price june 5 jpmorganMore (Markets Insider) NOW WATCH: 'Really?': A reporter calls out Huckabee's claim that 'countless' FBI employees were happy with Comey's firing More From Business Insider This upgrade will extend the life of your MacBook Air for years 'Do you even understand what you're asking?': Putin and Megyn Kelly have a heated exchange over Trump-Russia ties Buying these 9 gadgets will save you money this year Reblog Share Tweet Share Recently Viewed Your list is empty. What to Read Next Tesla is trading at all time highs Business Insider Social media explodes over Comey testimony CNBC After nearly 10 years as a financial planner, the first 2 questions I ask every client have nothing to do with money Business Insider Sears is closing 72 stores — here's the full list Business Insider What to Watch in the Markets Thursday, June 8 Yahoo Finance Video Infrastructure stocks aren't buying Trump's infrastructure talk Yahoo Finance Why Amazon decided to offer an even cheaper version of Prime Yahoo Finance 10 ways you’re wasting money on travel Yahoo Finance Stephen Curry has a great perspective on having a smaller salary than 81 other NBA players Business Insider Yext CEO: Still in the "early innings" of growth Yahoo Finance Video Comey speaks — What you need to know in markets on Thursday Yahoo Finance 'Psychologically scarred' millennials are killing dozens of industries — and it's their parents' fault Business Insider Qatar's $21B deal to buy F-15s moving forward amid diplomatic battle Fox Business Amazon's and Walmart's latest moves confirm the death of the middle class as we know it Business Insider How to successfully run brick and mortar retail in the Amazon era Yahoo Finance Video Meet the Harvard Business School professor who's going to try to fix Uber Yahoo Finance Social media explodes over Comey testimony stormhawk31: Seriously, how many times, and by how many knowledgeable people, both Republican and Democrat, do you idiots have to be told "There is absolutely no evidence of ANY 'collusion'", before you get it? Trump isn't even under investigation, and NEVER has been. I mean, do you idiots even understand English? Apparently not. Join the Conversation 1 / 5 180
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Ingersoll-Rand PLC - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Ingersoll-Rand PLC with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Strategic Global Advisors LLC Acquires 528 Shares of Sanofi SA (SNY) Westfield Capital Management Co. LP Takes Position in Lithia Motors Inc (LAD) 458,532 Shares in Pacific Premier Bancorp, Inc. (PPBI) Acquired by Westfield Capital Management Co. LP Westfield Capital Management Co. LP Acquires 51,992 Shares of Hain Celestial Group Inc (HAIN) Sentry Investments Corp. Continues to Hold Stake in Markel Co. (MKL) Stephens Inc. AR Lowers Position in Tallgrass Energy Partners LP (TEP) Stephens Inc. AR Acquires Shares of 46,661 Wolverine World Wide, Inc. (WWW) Stephens Investment Management Group LLC Acquires 889 Shares of IPG Photonics Co. (IPGP) Stephens Inc. AR Buys New Position in AerCap Holdings (AER) Level 3 Communications, Inc. (LVLT) is Front Street Capital Management Inc.’s 2nd Largest Position Stephens Investment Management Group LLC Acquires Shares of 137,656 Allegiance Bancshares Inc (ABTX) Stephens Inc. AR Buys 109 Shares of Middleby Corp (MIDD) Stephens Investment Management Group LLC Has $12.06 Million Position in MiMedx Group Inc (MDXG) iRobot Co. (IRBT) Shares Sold by Turner Investments LLC Turner Investments LLC Takes Position in Builders FirstSource, Inc. (BLDR) Bar Harbor Bankshares (BHB) Insider Sells $30,000.00 in Stock EPR Properties (EPR) Lowered to Hold at ValuEngine FelCor Lodging Trust Incorporated (FCH) Downgraded by ValuEngine to Buy Everi Holdings Inc (EVRI) Upgraded to Hold at ValuEngine Gagnon Securities LLC Has $1.13 Million Stake in Chipotle Mexican Grill, Inc. (CMG) Ingersoll-Rand PLC (IR) Shares Bought by JPMorgan Chase & Co. June 5th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Latisha Jones Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet JPMorgan Chase & Co. boosted its stake in shares of Ingersoll-Rand PLC (NYSE:IR) by 55.7% during the first quarter, according to its most recent disclosure with the Securities and Exchange Commission. The fund owned 4,223,442 shares of the industrial products company’s stock after buying an additional 1,511,211 shares during the period. JPMorgan Chase & Co.’s holdings in Ingersoll-Rand PLC were worth $343,449,000 as of its most recent SEC filing. Several other hedge funds and other institutional investors have also recently made changes to their positions in the stock. Tradewinds Capital Management LLC increased its position in shares of Ingersoll-Rand PLC by 9.0% in the first quarter. Tradewinds Capital Management LLC now owns 1,690 shares of the industrial products company’s stock valued at $137,000 after buying an additional 140 shares during the period. Bessemer Group Inc. increased its position in shares of Ingersoll-Rand PLC by 20.1% in the fourth quarter. Bessemer Group Inc. now owns 1,693 shares of the industrial products company’s stock valued at $127,000 after buying an additional 283 shares during the period. Parallel Advisors LLC purchased a new position in shares of Ingersoll-Rand PLC during the fourth quarter valued at $137,000. Penserra Capital Management LLC increased its position in shares of Ingersoll-Rand PLC by 9.5% in the first quarter. Penserra Capital Management LLC now owns 2,392 shares of the industrial products company’s stock valued at $194,000 after buying an additional 208 shares during the period. Finally, Wedbush Securities Inc. purchased a new position in shares of Ingersoll-Rand PLC during the first quarter valued at $201,000. Institutional investors and hedge funds own 82.76% of the company’s stock. Ingersoll-Rand PLC (NYSE:IR) traded up 0.40% on Monday, reaching $89.84. 438,159 shares of the company’s stock were exchanged. The stock has a market capitalization of $23.00 billion, a PE ratio of 16.32 and a beta of 1.31. The firm has a 50 day moving average of $87.79 and a 200 day moving average of $80.90. Ingersoll-Rand PLC has a 12 month low of $59.10 and a 12 month high of $90.18. Ingersoll-Rand PLC (NYSE:IR) last announced its quarterly earnings data on Wednesday, April 26th. The industrial products company reported $0.57 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, topping the consensus estimate of $0.53 by $0.04. The business had revenue of $3 billion for the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $2.94 billion. Ingersoll-Rand PLC had a net margin of 10.93% and a return on equity of 16.70%. Ingersoll-Rand PLC’s quarterly revenue was up 3.7% on a year-over-year basis. During the same quarter last year, the company posted $0.50 earnings per share. Equities analysts predict that Ingersoll-Rand PLC will post $4.51 earnings per share for the current fiscal year. The business also recently disclosed a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Friday, June 30th. Stockholders of record on Friday, June 9th will be paid a $0.40 dividend. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Wednesday, June 7th. This represents a $1.60 annualized dividend and a dividend yield of 1.79%. Ingersoll-Rand PLC’s payout ratio is 28.42%. WARNING: “Ingersoll-Rand PLC (IR) Shares Bought by JPMorgan Chase & Co.” was reported by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are accessing this piece on another website, it was illegally copied and republished in violation of U.S. and international trademark & copyright law. The legal version of this piece can be read at https://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/06/05/ingersoll-rand-plc-ir-shares-bought-by-jpmorgan-chase-co.html. Several research analysts have recently weighed in on the stock. Zacks Investment Research downgraded shares of Ingersoll-Rand PLC from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating in a research note on Wednesday, May 31st. Royal Bank of Canada upped their target price on shares of Ingersoll-Rand PLC from $83.00 to $85.00 and gave the company a “sector perform” rating in a research note on Thursday, April 27th. Evercore ISI downgraded shares of Ingersoll-Rand PLC from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating in a research note on Friday, February 10th. BMO Capital Markets restated a “buy” rating and issued a $87.00 target price on shares of Ingersoll-Rand PLC in a research note on Thursday, April 20th. Finally, Jefferies Group LLC restated a “buy” rating and issued a $90.00 target price on shares of Ingersoll-Rand PLC in a research note on Friday, March 31st. Four analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and six have given a buy rating to the stock. The stock presently has a consensus rating of “Buy” and an average target price of $93.17. In other Ingersoll-Rand PLC news, insider Marcia J. Avedon sold 10,000 shares of Ingersoll-Rand PLC stock in a transaction on Thursday, April 27th. The shares were sold at an average price of $89.53, for a total transaction of $895,300.00. Following the sale, the insider now owns 118,297 shares in the company, valued at $10,591,130.41. The transaction was disclosed in a filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which can be accessed through this link. Also, EVP Robert Zafari sold 1,483 shares of Ingersoll-Rand PLC stock in a transaction on Friday, May 19th. The stock was sold at an average price of $89.59, for a total transaction of $132,861.97. Following the sale, the executive vice president now owns 66,944 shares in the company, valued at approximately $5,997,512.96. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. In the last 90 days, insiders sold 14,983 shares of company stock worth $1,341,902. 0.65% of the stock is currently owned by corporate insiders. Ingersoll-Rand PLC Company Profile Ingersoll-Rand Public Limited Company provides products, services and solutions to improve the quality and comfort of air in homes and buildings, transport and protect food and perishables. The Company’s business segments include Climate and Industrial. It is engaged in the design, manufacture, sale and service of a portfolio of industrial and commercial products that include brand names, such as Ingersoll-Rand, Trane, American Standard, ARO and Club Car. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding IR? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Ingersoll-Rand PLC (NYSE:IR). Receive News & Ratings for Ingersoll-Rand PLC Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Ingersoll-Rand PLC and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Trump’s Tweets Complicate Already Complicated Week World Leaders Very Critical of Paris Agreement Decision by Trump Aide to President Trump Resigns With More Expected Scud-Class Missile Launched by North Korea Travel Ban Dealt Another Blow by Appeals Court © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Bloomberg the Company & Its ProductsBloomberg Anywhere Remote LoginBloomberg Anywhere LoginBloomberg Terminal Demo Request Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. For Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Software Updates Manage Contracts and Orders Support Americas+1 212 318 2000 EMEA+44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific+65 6212 1000 Company Bloomberg London About Careers Diversity and Inclusion Philanthropy and Engagement Spaces Sustainability Tech Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Products Bloomberg Terminal Execution and Order Management Data and Content Financial Data Management Integration and Distribution Bloomberg Tradebook Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg Markets Bloomberg Technology Bloomberg Pursuits Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg Opinion Bloomberg Businessweek Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Company Bloomberg London About Careers Diversity and Inclusion Philanthropy and Engagement Spaces Sustainability Tech Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Products Bloomberg Terminal Execution and Order Management Data and Content Financial Data Management Integration and Distribution Bloomberg Tradebook Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg Markets Bloomberg Technology Bloomberg Pursuits Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg Opinion Bloomberg Businessweek Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. For Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Software Updates Manage Contracts and Orders Support Americas+1 212 318 2000 EMEA+44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific+65 6212 1000 MENU About The Company Bloomberg London Homepage Markets Stocks Currencies Commodities Rates + Bonds Economics Magazine Benchmark Watchlist Economic Calendar Tech U.S. Global Startups Bloomberg Technology TV Gadgets With Gurman Digital Defense Studio 1.0 Focus On: Infrastructure Pursuits Cars & Bikes Style & Grooming Spend Watches & Gadgets Food & Drinks Travel Real Estate Art & Design Brilliant Ideas Politics Global Risk Briefing How We’ll Know if Trump Is Making America Great Again Tracking Trump’s Web of Conflicts GOP’s Health Plan: Tracking Key Changes One Amendment at a Time Kim Jong Un’s Big Nuclear Push Is Closing In on America Opinion View Gadfly Businessweek Subscribe Cover Stories Opening Remarks Etc Features 85th Anniversary Issue Behind The Cover More Climate Changed Video Series: Ventures Graphics Billionaires Game Plan Small Business Personal Finance Inspire GO The David Rubenstein Show Sponsored Content Sign In Sign In Subscribe Facebook Twitter Email Print Share Money Stuff Venezuelan Bonds and Niche ETFs Also central bank blockchains and profits, John Paulson's shrinking fund and Mylan's management style. by Matt Levine @matt_levine More stories by Matt Levine June 5, 2017, 9:35 AM EDT Venezuela. The controversy over Goldman Sachs Asset Management's purchase of Venezuelan government bonds (really Petroleos de Venezuela SA bonds) from Venezuela's government (really from a small broker acting on behalf of Venezuela's central bank) has gone on longer than Goldman probably expected, given that Goldman apparently didn't think about it at all: Internally, the purchase didn’t receive heightened scrutiny. The two co-heads of the unit, GSAM, were informed only after the trade had been completed, the people said. The trade didn’t reach Goldman’s firmwide standards committee, which often vets deals that carry potential blowback, they added. An ensuing uproar over that trade, which critics say extends a financial lifeline to Venezuela’s embattled government, caught top executives at Goldman off guard. Goldman Sachs Group Inc.'s "compliance and legal staff are reviewing the purchase" to see "how the process can be improved," but you can see how they missed this. It's controversial for Goldman to buy controversial stuff; but GSAM isn't quite Goldman. It manages money on behalf of customers; it bought the bonds with their money, not shareholder money. Its decisions aren't, in some sense, made on behalf of Goldman Sachs; they're made on behalf of GSAM's customers. Of course those decisions are made by Goldman employees in Goldman offices, not by the customers, but still, there is some deniability there. (Disclosure: I used to work at Goldman.) There is deniability for the customers too: Sure they own and benefit from the Venezuelan bonds, but they didn't decide to buy them; Goldman did. Somehow Venezuelan bonds are owned without anyone fully taking the responsibility of owning them. Elsewhere in deniability, Ricardo Hausmann wrote last month about the moral taint of buying Venezuela's "Hunger Bonds." His argument is not quite that people shouldn't buy Venezuelan bonds. That would be too radical: Emerging-market bond funds almost have to invest in Venezuelan bonds. "The returns of the JP Morgan Emerging Market Bond Index (EMBI+) are heavily influenced by what happens in Venezuela," because Venezuela's bonds make up a lot of the yield and the price volatility of the index. Emerging-markets managers can't just walk away from Venezuela; they "currently spend a disproportionate share of their time 'getting the Venezuelan call right,' because their bonuses are based on their over-performance relative to the index – of which Venezuela is the main driver." And investors can't just walk away from emerging-markets bond funds: Clearly, this would punish other countries that are innocent bystanders in the Venezuelan mess. There must be a better way. There is. The solution is to demand that JPMorgan immediately exclude Venezuela from the emerging market bond indexes it calculates, thereby freeing fund managers from the need to compare their performance with hunger bonds. Over time, JPMorgan should introduce a Decent Emerging Markets index, which would save you from moral anguish by ensuring that only countries adhering to minimal standards of respect for their citizens are included. The assumption here is that investment managers, and individual investors, cannot be expected to make moral decisions about investing for themselves, not when an index lurks in the background. (Others disagree; here is a story about Venezuelan investors who wrestle with the moral issues of owning Venezuelan government bonds.) Morality, on this theory, is a matter for index providers to judge. Investors -- index funds, yes, but also active funds that benchmark to an index -- are bound to follow the index, so if anyone is going to make a moral decision about what bonds to avoid, it is the index provider. I am not sure the index providers would agree! JPMorgan is not in the business of saving you from moral anguish. An index is just a list. Venezuela is an emerging market. It has bonds. Its bonds are emerging-markets bonds. If you are writing a list of emerging-markets bonds, you could quite sensibly put Venezuelan bonds on that list. What is the problem? But one thing that we talk about a lot around here is the human construction of investment indexes. The central idea of indexing, of passive investing, is that you own the entire universe of assets rather than making choices about what to buy. But in practice it's never that simple. Most actual indexes aren't really "the entire universe of assets"; they're a particular subset of that universe, U.S. large-cap stocks or emerging-market bonds or whatever. And even within that subset, the membership criteria have to be defined by a human, with some room for judgment calls. And increasingly judgments by index constructors are overtaking judgments by investors in importance: If investors give up their agency to index providers -- if the index providers are the only people actually making decisions about governance or profitability or morality -- then the index providers had better make good decisions.  The future of passive. The central idea of indexing, of passive investing, is that you own the entire universe of assets rather than making choices about what to buy, and also it's cheap. I mean: You just buy all the stocks on the list, and then you stop. There's no need to hire brilliant analysts and portfolio managers and pay them millions of dollars to pick stocks. There are some pretty significant economies of scale: One person can pick all the stocks for a $40 billion index fund as easily as for a $40 million index fund, and doesn't need to be paid 1,000 times as much. So it is not that surprising that BlackRock Inc., Vanguard Group and State Street Corp. combine for 83 percent of the U.S. market for exchange-traded funds. ETFs are mostly passive vehicles, passive investors want low fees, and scale is how you get low fees. But there's still another 17 percent for smaller ETF providers to fight over, and this Bloomberg Markets article details their approaches. Here is my favorite, from Deutsche Asset Management, which uses the traditional financial-industry marketing approach of clothing metaphors: “It’s like talking to your tailor rather than someone who wants to sell you a suit,” says Reinhard Bellet, the company’s head of passive asset management and Bassett’s boss in Frankfurt. “You cannot just issue a product and say, ‘Good luck!’ You have to be there, and you have to be a partner of the client, and I think that’s the future of passive: providing service.” See, it's bespoke! I mean arguably providing service is the past of active management; arguably investors have concluded that actually they were overpaying for service and what they really want is to be handed a cheap broad market index and be left alone. But obviously that is not true of all ETFs, or all ETF investors: Many investors want narrowly focused ETFs with lots of trading opportunities -- active management by other means -- and providers are happy to give it to them. Elsewhere in niche ETFs, I wrote on Friday about Dani Burger's "cat" index, and the need (or lack thereof) for a human-legible economic intuition underlying a factor. About a dozen people reminded me of Robert Mercer's line in Sebastian Mallaby's "More Money Than God": “Some signals that make no intuitive sense do indeed work.” Indeed, it is the nonintuitive signals that often prove the most lucrative for Renaissance. “The signals that we have been trading without interruption for fifteen years make no sense,” Mercer explains. “Otherwise someone else would have found them.” Perhaps there is still hope for the cat factor. Blockchain blockchain blockchain. Central banks seem to love thinking and writing about bitcoins and blockchains, which I guess makes sense. If you are a central bank, your basic job is to keep an electronic list of who has dollars or pounds or whatever, so you might be particularly interested in new ways of keeping electronic lists of who has money. There is not usually a lot of breaking news in Keeping Lists of Money Quarterly, so it's understandable that the blockchain stuff has caught the eye of a lot of central bankers. But the blockchain is not an obvious fit for central banks. The point of a blockchain is to decentralize the keeping of ledgers of assets. Central banks have "central" right in the name. I once said: "the central bank issues the money; it could just keep a list of how much money everyone has, and that could be the official list, and that would be that. You don't need a blockchain."  But here is Simon Scorer at the Bank of England's Bank Underground blog with what I think is the most sensible thing about blockchains I've read from a central bank. In particular, Scorer thinks that the main benefit of using a blockchain "is the high level of operational resilience it might offer by avoiding a single point of failure": This resilience comes at a cost: you only get the full resilience benefits if you’re willing to allow multiple parties (i.e. transaction validators) to manage transactional data; which raises significant privacy challenges. The main solutions are "to not include sensitive data on the shared ledger," which "may limit the extent of any resiliency benefits" (if the shared ledger doesn't include actual transaction details, it's not really usefully shared), or to include the data but fully encrypt it, which "presents a significant challenge in asking a group of participants to agree on the validity of transactions, without allowing them to see the full details."  Elsewhere in blockchains: Possible bitcoin unicorn! Coinbase Inc., is in talks with potential investors on a new round of funding at a valuation of more than $1 billion, according to people familiar with the matter. It is unclear which investors are committing to the round, which was described as targeting around $100 million or more. That would represent the largest funding round on record for venture-backed bitcoin companies. And: "The number of job adverts on LinkedIn for blockchain-related positions has more than trebled in the past year."  Elsewhere in central banking. Here is "(Why) Do Central Banks Care About Their Profits?" by Igor Goncharov and Vasso Ioannidou of Lancaster University and Martin Schmalz of the University of Michigan: We document that central banks are significantly more likely to report slightly positive profits than slightly negative profits. The discontinuity in the profit distribution is (i) more pronounced amid greater political or public pressure, the public’s receptiveness to more extreme political views, and agency frictions arising from governor career concerns, but absent when no such factors are present, and (ii) correlated with more lenient monetary policy inputs and greater inflation. "The discontinuity is unlikely to be a mechanical byproduct of the central banking business model," they write, "and more likely the result of imperfect de facto independence of the central bank." The more worried the bank is about its independence, the more pressure there is on it to say "well, at least we are profitable." Elsewhere: "Have the Swiss National Bank’s currency interventions actually been good for Switzerland?"  John Paulson. Of all the problems to have, the problem of client withdrawals leaving your hedge fund with just $2 billion in client money to go with $8 billion of your personal money is the least bad problem. Oh I know, I know, people think it's a problem for John Paulson, who at his peak "oversaw $38 billion -- half of which belonged to outside investors."  “As outside assets continue to erode, the running question for Paulson becomes more forceful: Why doesn’t he just convert to a family office?” said David Tawil, the founder of Maglan Capital LP, a New York based hedge fund that specializes in event-driven strategies. “But to get the firm back on the rails, I don’t think is impossible.” But the central fact is that he is still running $8 billion of his own money, which means that he has $8 billion of his own money, which means that his problem is better than anything that has ever happened to almost anyone else on Earth.  Management methods. One possibly out-of-consensus belief that I have is that there are not a lot of classic supervillain scenes at modern public companies. A popular view of the financial crisis, for instance, is that there was a meeting in an executive dining room at Goldman Sachs where the head trader said "let's trick our clients into buying bad mortgages so we can profit from the coming crisis," and then the CEO said "yes and then we can take everyone's houses," and then the general counsel said "also I just want to add that this is a crime and I love it," and then they cackled and tossed around wads of cash, and that if prosecutors could just find the videotape of that meeting then we could finally achieve justice and put the crisis behind us. I do not think that happened. I think that most of the time, when a company does a bad thing, it is the result of a series of smaller local decisions that were understandable in their own terms, that most people don't knowingly choose to do bad stuff, and that when they do, they are shamefaced about it and don't go around gloating with each other. People who work at big corporations -- even banks! -- are, in my experience, people, and explicit self-aware evil seems to be unusual among people everywhere. But Charles Duhigg notes that Mylan NV's EpiPen, which was hugely controversial last year for how expensive it is, remains just as expensive. And he reports that, starting in 2014, Mylan executives "began warning Mylan’s top leaders that the price increases seemed like unethical profiteering at the expense of sick children and adults." And that one of those top leaders was chairman Robert Coury, and that this happened: Mr. Coury replied that he was untroubled. He raised both his middle fingers and explained, using colorful language, that anyone criticizing Mylan, including its employees, ought to go copulate with themselves. Critics in Congress and on Wall Street, he said, should do the same. And regulators at the Food and Drug Administration? They, too, deserved a round of anatomically challenging self-fulfillment. Ah. Yes. What? For some reason I imagine him keeping the middle fingers up throughout what sounds like a fairly long tirade. You know how boards of directors sometimes go into executive session? Maybe Mylan's sometimes goes into Double Extended Middle Finger Session, in which everyone just vents about their critics. Mylan says that "any allegations of disregard for consumers who need these lifesaving drugs, government officials, regulators or any other of our valued stakeholders are patently false." Elsewhere, Ronald Barusch argues that "Investors concerned about governance and shareholder control should think twice about investing in companies organized under Dutch law," like Mylan: In the case of Mylan, a group of pension funds launched a campaign earlier this week to unseat six members of Mylan’s board over executive pay issues. But it isn’t likely to have much of an impact. As the company’s proxy statement explains, under Dutch law and the company’s charter, shareholders don’t have a right to replace directors at annual meetings. Directors are appointed “from a binding nomination proposed by the Mylan Board.” In other words, shareholders have no right to a say in who gets nominated. They can vote no on the board’s nominees, but it takes a whopping 2/3 of the shares voting at the meeting to defeat a nominee. Even if shareholders could muster up enough votes, the board just makes more “binding nominations” for election. Presumably the binding nominations are made in a Double Extended Middle Finger Session of the nominating committee. People are worried about unicorns. Here is a story about Palmer Luckey, who founded and sold virtual-reality unicorn Oculus VR to Facebook Inc., "was pressured to leave Facebook months after news spread that he had secretly donated to an organization dedicated to spreading anti-Hillary Clinton internet memes," and is now working on a new startup, to be funded by Peter Thiel, that will make a virtual border wall. Also he likes cosplay and collects decommissioned missile silos. "A person who knows him described Mr. Luckey as a casual 'prepper,' someone who prepares for societal collapse," and really who among us is not at least casually preparing for societal collapse?  Things happen. A daily take on Wall Street, finance, companies and stuff. Matt Levine's Money Stuff Sign Up Bank at Center of U.S. Inquiry Projects Russian ‘Soft Power.’ Saudi-Led Alliance Cuts Ties With Qatar. Lawyers warn Saudi Aramco of New York IPO litigation risks. Dissecting Marissa Mayer’s $900,000-a-Week Yahoo Paycheck. Kushners Hunting Hard for a Loan to Pay Back Chinese Investors. Chinese Companies Move Deeper Into Shadow Banking. As Seats Go Unfilled on Federal Panels, Businesses Face Uncertainty. One of Trump’s potential Fed picks is a huge fan of negative interest rates. Banco Popular to Meet ECB as It Weighs Options for Liquidity. Star Rapper Akon Mulls IPO of Chinese-Funded African Solar Unit. Justice Department Drops Antitrust Case Against AmEx, But 11 States Press On. How Goldman changed its ways to boost women at the top. Cheddar to Fusion. The Most Interesting Man in the World "had a lovely dalliance with one of Groucho Marx’s wives" and is friends with Barack Obama. Man who mowed lawn with tornado behind him says he 'was keeping an eye on it.' Harvard Rescinds Acceptances for At Least Ten Students for Obscene Memes. If you'd like to get Money Stuff in handy email form, right in your inbox, please subscribe at this link. Thanks!  This column does not necessarily reflect the opinion of the editorial board or Bloomberg LP and its owners. To contact the author of this story: Matt Levine at mlevine51@bloomberg.net To contact the editor responsible for this story: James Greiff at jgreiff@bloomberg.net Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal. LEARN MORE Comments Matt Levine is a Bloomberg View columnist. He was an editor of Dealbreaker, an investment banker at Goldman Sachs, a mergers and acquisitions lawyer at Wachtell, Lipton, Rosen & Katz and a clerk for the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit. Read more Follow @matt_levine on Twitter Most Read Comey Finally Backs Trump's Account, Too Late to Help Trump by Eli Lake There's a Way to Make Trump an Adequate President by Jonathan Bernstein Ariana Grande Does What Trump Can't by Francis Wilkinson There's a Strategic Reason for Trump's Tweets by Tyler Cowen War on Leakers Is Off to a Bad Start for Trump by Noah Feldman A Mathematician's Secret: We're Not All Geniuses by Cathy O'Neil Bank Bailouts and Property Taxes by Matt Levine Terms of Service Trademarks Privacy Policy ©2017 Bloomberg L.P. All Rights Reserved Careers Made in NYC Advertise Ad Choices Website Feedback Help
Business #​{{::display_hashtag}} Business #​{{::display_hashtag}} {{article.article.pretty_date}} {{article.metrics.page_views}} Edit Post{{circ_link.title}} How JPMorgan Chase's Autism At Work Program Is Helping To Win Top Tech Talent {{article.article.images.featured.caption}} Most Read {{contrib_block.display_advoice_brand}} {{contrib_block.display_voice_type}} {{contrib_block.display_author.name}}Voice With {{contrib_block.authors[0].blogName}} JPMorgan Chase ,   {{contrib_block.display_author.type}} Contributor {{contrib_block.display_author.type}} Contributor Opinions expressed by Forbes Contributors are their own. Full Bio Recent Posts Popular Posts Full profile →'"> The author is a Forbes contributor. The opinions expressed are those of the writer. Loading ... Loading ... This story appears in the {{article.article.magazine.pretty_date}} issue of {{article.article.magazine.pubName}}. Subscribe By James Mahoney A couple of years ago, I learned a startling statistic: The unemployment rate for individuals with some form of autism – often called the Autism Spectrum Disorder (ASD) – is estimated to be between 80 to 90 percent. While it’s shameful and disheartening that any subset of people would face such a challenge, what’s even more startling about that statistic is that many of these individuals are simply brilliant people–highly educated, highly capable, detail-oriented, yet unemployed. JPMorgan Chase "I firmly believe that companies could always benefit from having employees who see things in an unconventional way, which is something to remember any time an individual on the spectrum is seeking a job." James Mahoney, Executive Director and Head of Autism at Work for JPMorgan Chase But my employer JPMorgan Chase, like many successful organizations, looks at situations like this one and sees opportunity. Because of our size and continued growth, we have an almost constant need for talented employees – especially in technology-related fields. We thought that perhaps this could become a new untapped pool of talent. And it has: Since rolling out our initiative, Autism at Work, a program focused on hiring employees with Autism, we have hired more than 30 individuals who have ASD and we anticipate hiring hundreds more across the globe over the coming years. Autism manifests itself in many different forms; no two autistic individuals face the same exact challenges. To quote Melanie, a Columbus-based Chase employee whose daughter is autistic: “If you’ve met one person with autism, you’ve met one person with autism.” These challenges may explain why unemployment for this community is so high. Melanie explained that just getting past an interview can be difficult, especially if the interviewer is unaware of the applicant’s ASD. Her high-functioning daughter rocks back and forth and side-to-side, stutters, frequently says ‘um’ and has difficulty making eye contact. “I taught her to say, ‘Hi. I’m Billie and I have autism spectrum disorder. Just so you know I’m not weird or quirky.’” Through partnerships with organizations that have more experience in working with individuals with ASD, we are learning to look beyond the traditional interview process to find highly qualified employees. We work closely with senior leaders across the firm to identify roles that would benefit from the talents of ASD adults and ensure we provide an inclusive work environment for these employees to thrive. The embracement of this untapped workforce allows our company to benefit from the unique blend of talents provided by these detail-oriented, rule-bound, logical and independent-thinking individuals. And it is paying off: Many studies show that the performance of autistic individuals in certain functions exceeds their peers without autism. Jon, a quality assurance analyst at Chase, said his strongest attribute is to assess situations and come up with the best possible solutions in order to make them more organized and more efficient. “I would encourage anyone on the spectrum to embrace what makes them different and see it as their greatest strength,” he said. “I firmly believe that companies could always benefit from having employees who see things in an unconventional way, which is something to remember any time an individual on the spectrum is seeking a job.” He said the Autism At Work program opens a door for those “who may not be the best at traditional interviews, to show off their unique skills in a workplace environment. Some people on the spectrum simply are not given a chance to shine through conventional means. This program is a great way to facilitate that.” The success of Jon and others confirm that their skillset simply requires an environment in which to contribute and thrive. And that provides a winning solution for all of us. James Mahoney is an executive director and head of Autism at Work for JPMorgan Chase. In this role, he oversees the program to identify roles for which people on the autism spectrum would add high value, as well as develop candidate pipelines and ensure best practices for ongoing support. James has been with the firm 5 years, serving in a variety of roles, most recently as chief quality officer for Mortgage Banking Technology. Prior to joining JPMC, he held various leadership positions in the technology and business sectors, spanning a career of nearly three decades. Start Gallery Page {{article.article.page + 1}} / {{article.article.pages.length}} Continue {{article.article.calledOutCommentCount||''}}Comment on this story Print Send Us Feedback Report Corrections Reprints & Permissions Trending on Forbes {{channel_name}} false
Business #​{{::display_hashtag}} Business #​{{::display_hashtag}} {{article.article.pretty_date}} {{article.metrics.page_views}} Edit Post{{circ_link.title}} This Columbus Food Truck Founder Exemplifies The Power Of Networking {{article.article.images.featured.caption}} Most Read {{contrib_block.display_advoice_brand}} {{contrib_block.display_voice_type}} {{contrib_block.display_author.name}}Voice With {{contrib_block.authors[0].blogName}} JPMorgan Chase ,   {{contrib_block.display_author.type}} Contributor {{contrib_block.display_author.type}} Contributor Opinions expressed by Forbes Contributors are their own. Full Bio Recent Posts Popular Posts Full profile →'"> The author is a Forbes contributor. The opinions expressed are those of the writer. Loading ... Loading ... This story appears in the {{article.article.magazine.pretty_date}} issue of {{article.article.magazine.pubName}}. Subscribe By Tishin Donkersley With no business plan or working capital, it can be hard to build a business. However a driven work ethic, unending passion, and some family recipes, Lisa and Vincente Gutierrez opened their food truck business, Dos Hermanos Taco Truck, and rolled right into entrepreneurship. JPMorgan Chase However a driven work ethic, unending passion, and some family recipes, Lisa and Vincente Gutierrez opened their food truck business, Dos Hermanos Taco Truck, and rolled right into entrepreneurship. The couple met at a restaurant where Lisa was the manager and Vincente was the line cook. Together they had dreams of owning their own business and creating jobs. On a whim, they decided to buy a food truck from their friend, borrowed pots and pans from friends and family, and launched their food truck with recipes from Vincente’s family from Oaxaca, Mexico. “In 2012, we just opened the business and the community supported us and loved the food,” Lisa said. JPMorgan Chase “In 2012, we just opened the business and the community supported us and loved the food,” Lisa said. As their business began to grow, Lisa needed to build her entrepreneurial skills and find ways to expand the business. Lisa turned to the Columbus Economic & Community Development Institute (ECDI). The non-profit economic development organization helped provide Lisa with a place to park their truck, access to a prep kitchen, and offered affordable classes to help market the business. “I had no idea about mobile food vending, how to write a business plan, social media or how to make a logo,” Lisa said. “They had a women’s business center attached and I got my business hat on!” In 2015, Lisa was accepted to the Entrepreneur Exchange Program, funded by the SBA ScaleUp America initiative. This nine-month program is a community-focused initiative where business firms can grow by leveraging, networking, and complimenting the existing resources and expertise in their areas. JPMorgan Chase “I had no idea about mobile food vending, how to write a business plan, social media or how to make a logo,” Lisa said. “They had a women’s business center attached and I got my business hat on!” Through the program, Lisa was able to leverage her networking opportunities to expand their business that included two food carts and became vendors at sport stadiums and local hot spots. “The ECDI made our business credible. We were noticed by the North Market and they wanted to bring in authentic Mexican cuisine – we were one of three businesses chosen. [Most importantly,] I knew having that restaurant in the market would break the cycle of not being able to create jobs,” Lisa said. Through heavy social media marketing, word-of-mouth and expansion, Dos Hermanos became a recognizable brand. “We are in the Ohio State stadium serving tacos on game days for football and soccer, and serve as a pop-up restaurant at JPMorgan Chase’s McCoy Center. Being in front of these large crowds and companies make us credible,” Lisa said. JPMorgan Chase “We are in the Ohio State stadium serving tacos on game days for football and soccer, and serve as a pop-up restaurant at JPMorgan Chase’s McCoy Center. Being in front of these large crowds and companies make us credible,” Lisa said. When it was finally time to get a loan to expand her business, the network she’d developed in the community was helpful. “Just by talking to the small business bankers and connecting with Chase it had really helped our small business grow,” Lisa said. While their dreams of owning a business and creating jobs are coming to fruition, there are always unexpected twists and turns as an entrepreneur. “I was surprised by how much it took to run the business. I was the cashier and taking the orders and I couldn’t foresee myself not being on the truck however, as we stated to grow I couldn’t be everywhere. I needed to let go and put people in different roles, and they were amazing. The strength in our staff and empowering them has allowed us to continue to grow the business. [Each day I say] wow! I’m surrounded by a bunch of talented people,” Lisa said. Delicious photos courtesy of Dos Hermanos Start Gallery Page {{article.article.page + 1}} / {{article.article.pages.length}} Continue {{article.article.calledOutCommentCount||''}}Comment on this story Print Send Us Feedback Report Corrections Reprints & Permissions Trending on Forbes {{channel_name}} false
Bloomberg the Company & Its ProductsBloomberg Anywhere Remote LoginBloomberg Anywhere LoginBloomberg Terminal Demo Request Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. For Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Software Updates Manage Contracts and Orders Support Americas+1 212 318 2000 EMEA+44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific+65 6212 1000 Company Bloomberg London About Careers Diversity and Inclusion Philanthropy and Engagement Spaces Sustainability Tech Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Products Bloomberg Terminal Execution and Order Management Data and Content Financial Data Management Integration and Distribution Bloomberg Tradebook Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg Markets Bloomberg Technology Bloomberg Pursuits Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg Opinion Bloomberg Businessweek Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Company Bloomberg London About Careers Diversity and Inclusion Philanthropy and Engagement Spaces Sustainability Tech Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Products Bloomberg Terminal Execution and Order Management Data and Content Financial Data Management Integration and Distribution Bloomberg Tradebook Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg Markets Bloomberg Technology Bloomberg Pursuits Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg Opinion Bloomberg Businessweek Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. For Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Software Updates Manage Contracts and Orders Support Americas+1 212 318 2000 EMEA+44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific+65 6212 1000 MENU About The Company Bloomberg London Homepage Markets Stocks Currencies Commodities Rates + Bonds Economics Magazine Benchmark Watchlist Economic Calendar Tech U.S. Global Startups Bloomberg Technology TV Gadgets With Gurman Digital Defense Studio 1.0 Focus On: Infrastructure Pursuits Cars & Bikes Style & Grooming Spend Watches & Gadgets Food & Drinks Travel Real Estate Art & Design Brilliant Ideas Politics Global Risk Briefing How We’ll Know if Trump Is Making America Great Again Tracking Trump’s Web of Conflicts GOP’s Health Plan: Tracking Key Changes One Amendment at a Time Kim Jong Un’s Big Nuclear Push Is Closing In on America Opinion View Gadfly Businessweek Subscribe Cover Stories Opening Remarks Etc Features 85th Anniversary Issue Behind The Cover More Climate Changed Video Series: Ventures Graphics Billionaires Game Plan Small Business Personal Finance Inspire GO The David Rubenstein Show Sponsored Content Sign In Sign In Subscribe Pimco Is Neutral on Italy as JPMorgan Eyes Autumn Vote by Stefania Spezzati @stespezzati More stories by Stefania Spezzati June 5, 2017, 8:20 AM EDT June 5, 2017, 2:43 PM EDT Italy-Germany bond spread at one-month high on political woes Italian parties moving closer to deal on new electoral law A street in Rome, Italy. Photographer: Alessia Pierdomenico/Bloomberg Pacific Investment Management Co. said that it’s neutral on Italian bonds on the conviction that the yields were too low to compensate for the nation’s mounting political risks. The reduction marks a shift for the $1.5 trillion asset manager, which had been overweight in recent years. It now maintains a neutral exposure to peripheral European assets. JPMorgan Chase & Co. and Barclays Plc say the odds of Italy facing snap elections as early as autumn have risen, with the U.S. bank predicting an increase in the nation’s bond yields in such a case. A growing number of investors and strategists have warned Italy could be the epicenter of Europe’s next political tremor as the rising popularity of the anti-establishment Five Star Movement fuels concerns about an electoral upset. Bank of America Merrill Lynch is recommending yield-seeking clients to look for opportunities outside Italy, while Deutsche Bank AG has exited one of its positions in the nation’s debt against French counterparts. “Getting paid 2 percent on the 10-year bond to fund Italy doesn’t look attractive to me,” Andrew Balls, Pimco’s chief investment officer for global fixed income, said during a press briefing in London last week. “Our baseline isn’t that Italy is going to leave the euro zone, but it doesn’t seem a crazy idea that it could happen or market can significantly increase the pricing for Italy exit. The probability that things go wrong, it’s too high.” The extra yield on Italian 10-year government bonds over German bunds has climbed to 198 basis points from a four-month low of 169 basis points reached May 23 as investors priced in the risk of an early vote. Electoral Law Last week, Italy’s main political parties moved closer to an agreement on drafting a new electoral law. A deal would remove any hindrance to snap elections, eliminating the need to wait for scheduled elections in early 2018. The Five Star Movement, which is neck-and-neck with ex-Premier Matteo Renzi’s Democratic Party with about 30 percent of voters’ support in the latest electoral polls, has pledged to hold a referendum on Italy’s euro membership if it leads the country’s next government. “The earlier the vote, the stronger the widening impact” on bond spreads, JPMorgan economist Marco Protopapa wrote in a June 1 note to clients. “We believe the probability of 2017 elections has moved to well above 50 percent.” Volatility in Italian and peripheral assets may increase in coming weeks amid headlines and electoral polls, strategists at Barclays said in a note to clients on June 2. The most important market news of the day. Get our markets daily newsletter. Sign Up A snap vote in Italy could coincide with the European Central Bank signaling a tapering of its asset-purchase program, boosting upward pressure on the country’s debt yields. In such a case, Pimco’s Balls sees the risk that Italy would need to ask for support from the European Stability Mechanism, the vehicle created during the European sovereign crisis to offer financial backstop to peripheral countries. “It’s not our base scenario but it doesn’t seem terribly unlikely,” said Balls. Given the risks, investors should seek opportunities elsewhere, he added. Currencies and debt in emerging markets such as Mexico, Brazil, India and Indonesia are attractive, according to Pimco. “Don’t be trapped in your local market,” said Balls. “Go global. You don’t have to try hard to find something that looks better than Italy. We have been running more emerging-market foreign-exchange risk. We see pretty good opportunities there.” (A previous version of this story corrected the headline and lead to say that Pimco has shifted to neutral on Italian bonds, rather than exiting them entirely.) Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal. LEARN MORE Most Read Bill Gross Says Market Risk Is Highest Since Pre-2008 Crisis Elliott's Singer Warns System May Be More Leveraged Than 2008 Comey Recounts Uneasy Meetings With Trump, Demands for Loyalty The U.A.E. Needs Qatar’s Gas to Keep Dubai’s Lights On Analysts Are Getting Worried About the Euro Terms of Service Trademarks Privacy Policy ©2017 Bloomberg L.P. All Rights Reserved Careers Made in NYC Advertise Ad Choices Website Feedback Help
HOME EDITION News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance Etf Street Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Tech Guide Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows Watch Live CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Full Episodes More Log In | Register Log Out News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Consumer Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Take a Tour Subscribe Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance Etf Street Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Tech Guide Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Special Reports Iconic Tour Trading the World CNBC Disruptor 50 Lasting Legacy Modern Medicine Portfolio Perspective College Game Plan Investing in: Israel Tech Drivers The Brave Ones Trading Nation Shaping the future Future Opportunities Original Series Executive Edge Trading Nation Futures Now Retire Well The Pulse @ 1 Market The Bottom Line CNBC Events Davos Delivering Alpha eMerge Americas iCONIC Conference Cambridge Cyber Summit Sohn Conference Follow CNBC EDITION Register Log In Profile Email Preferences PRO Sign Out Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Take a Tour Subscribe LIVE TV Watch CNBC TV Watch CNBC Pro Watchlist X × × × × Tech Tech Mobile Social Media Enterprise Cybersecurity Tech Guide Snap slides on JPMorgan cut in price target for 2017 by $2 a share JPMorgan cut its 2017 price target to $18 from $20 a share. JPM maintained its neutral rating. The company is worried about competition, slower scaling and a lack of profit. Todd Haselton | @robotodd Monday, 5 Jun 2017 | 11:09 AM ETCNBC.com SHARES Getty Images Signage for Snap Inc., parent company of Snapchat, adorns the front of the New York Stock Exchange in New York City. JPMorgan cut its 2017 share price target for Snap from $20 to $18 on Monday, sending shares lower by more than 2 percent. In a note to investors, JPMorgan maintained its neutral rating for the parent of social media site Snapchat. While "engagement is strong" on the site, JPMorgan said it has several concerns, including the company's ability to scale its advertising business. It also said it's less bullish on Snapchat's ability to add users, fears competition from Facebook and is concerned about Snapchat's lack of profit. JPMorgan said it doesn't expect Snap to post a profit until 2020. Snap's first earnings report last month failed to meet Wall Street's revenue estimates — despite increasing revenue from $38.8 million to $150 million year over year. It also reported a loss of $2.31 a share, sending the stock tumbling to just cents above its $17 IPO price. On Monday, it was trading at $20.66. JPMorgan also said it is more conservative on the future of Spectacles, Snapchat's smart sunglasses. JPMorgan revised its expected unit sales of Spectacles to around 429,000 in 2017, driving about $56 million in revenue, compared with original projections of 915,000 units and $119 million in revenue. Finally, the investor note warned that Snap's expiring share lockup on July 29 "could create greater volatility and weigh on Snap shares ahead of and after late July" when an estimated 70-80 percent of Snap shares open up for sale. Disclosure: NBC Universal, the parent company of CNBC, is an investor in Snap. Correction: This story was revised to correct that the JPMorgan note was sent Monday. Todd HaseltonTechnology Product Editor Related Securities Symbol Price   Change %Change FB --- SNAP ---
Menu Search here Home Articles Newswires Videos UK INVESTOR SHOW BIOTECH CAPITAL TECH CAPITAL MINES & MONEY OIL COUNCIL MINING CAPITAL OIL CAPITAL Elevator Pitch Big Picture Research Columnists Companies All Companies All Featured UK Featured North America Featured Australia Featured Events All events 15 June 2017. 6pm 29 June 2017. 6pm 13 July 2017. 6pm Highlights All Market Reports Columns Presentations Crowdfunding Elevator Pitch Energy All Big Picture Articles Newswires Market Reports Columns Videos Presentations Conferences Mining All Big Picture Articles Newswires Market Reports Columns Videos Presentations Conferences Tech All Big Picture Articles Newswires Market Reports Columns Videos Presentations Pharma & Biotech All Big Picture Articles Newswires Market Reports Columns Videos Presentations In Focus All Big Picture Articles Newswires Market Reports Columns Videos Presentations Sign-Up Login Watch us Like us Follow us Pro NA Pro AU Fuller Treacy Money Stocktube Mining Capital Oil Capital Tech Capital Biotech Capital Pro NAPro AU Pro HK FULLER TREACY MONEY StockTube Mining Capital Oil Capital Tech Capital Biotech Capital CN Sign up UNITED KINGDOM USA Australia Germany China Login × Send Email To: * Separate multiple addresses with commas. From: Name: Please send me a copy Message: Verification code: * Enter the code from above Send × Preferences Profile Password Edit your personal details Email First Name Last Name Mobile/Cell Home/Daytime Work Gender Male Female Hometown Primary Country Corporate Website I want to get marketing materials from Proactive Investors More about yourself Tell us a little bit about you and your interests Occupation Portfolio Size No portfolio €1 - €49,000 €50,000 - €99,000 €100,000 - €499,000 €500,000 - €1,000,000 +€1000,000 Interest (You can select more then one) General Interest Educational Private Investor Professional Investor Institutional Investor Hedge Fund Manager Public Relations Financial Services Broker Media / Press Change your password Password Password Repeat × Contact Support Your email: * Problematic page url * Message * Verification code Enter the code from above * Home Articles Newswires Videos UK INVESTOR SHOW BIOTECH CAPITAL TECH CAPITAL MINES & MONEY OIL COUNCIL MINING CAPITAL OIL CAPITAL Elevator Pitch Big Picture Research Columnists Companies All Companies All Featured UK Featured North America Featured Australia Featured Events 15 June 2017. 6pm 29 June 2017. 6pm 13 July 2017. 6pm × Advanced Search Keyword Search by CHANNEL SECTOR MARKET AUTHOR Energy Mining Pharma & Biotech Tech In Focus Aerospace Aerospace & Defense Agribusiness Automobiles & Parts Banks Basic Materials Beverages Broadcasting & Entertainment Building Material & Fixtures Business Support Services Capital Goods Chemicals Cleantech and Renewable Energy Clothing & Footwear Computer Hardware Computer Services Construction & Materials Consumer Finance Consumer Services Diamonds & Gemstones Education Electronic & Electrical Equipment Energy Engineering Equity Instruments ETF - Exchange-Traded Fund Exploration & Production Financial Financial Admin Food & Beverages Food & Drug Retailers Forestry & Paper Furnishings Gambling General Financials General Industry General Mining General Mining - Coal General Mining - Copper General Mining - Diamonds & Gemstones General Mining - Gold General Mining - Iron Ore and Bauxite General Mining - Lithium General Mining - Moly, Chrome, Tungsten & Manganese General Mining - Nickel and Cobalt General Mining - Platinum Group Metals General Mining - Potash and Phosphate General Mining - Rare Earth Minerals General Mining - Silver General Mining - Uranium & Lithium General Mining - Zinc, Lead and Tin General Retailers Gold Mining Growth Companies Health Care, Equipment & Services Industrial Machinery Industrial Metals Industrial Suppliers Insurance Integrated Oil & Gas Internet Internet Investment Funds & Companies Investment Services IT Hardware Leisure Manufacturing Media & Publishing Medical Cannabis Mining Mobile Communications Multiutilities Nonequity Investment Instruments Oil & Gas Oil & Gas Equipment & Services Oil & Gas Exploration & Production Other Industry News Personal Products Pharma & Biotech Pharmaceuticals Platinum & Precious Metals Real Estate Real Estate Holding & Development Recreational Services Renewable Energy Restaurants, pubs Semiconductors Software & Computer Services Specialty Chemicals Specialty Finance Specialty Retailers Sports Support Services Tech Technology Hardware & Equipment Telecommunications Equipment Telecoms Telecoms services Transportation Travel Leisure Travel, Leisure & Hospitality Utilities All UK Markets All North American Markets PRIVATE AIM OTCQB PINK TMP AMEX LSE PLUS ASX TSX JSE NASDAQ FRA TSX-V OTCBB KRX OTC FFT NYSE XETRA ISE MCE CSE COLOMBO NASDAQ OMX OSL GXG GSX NSX NEX OTCMKTS EPA SGX Frankfurt Code NYSEMKT ETR HKG AEX Ian Mclelland Craig Ribton Ian Lyall Philip Whiterow Sam Kiri Ruth Gemmell Andrew McCrea John Phillips John Harrington Deborah Bacal Carrie Howes Brian Keane Peter Murray Jamie Ashcroft Giles Gwinnett Northland Capital Deborah Sterescu Charlotte Kan Anwar Ali Bevis Yeo Mourad Haroutunian Gordon Aldcorn Alessandro Bruno Jane Sully Jackie Steinitz Steve Asfour Natasha Barr Proactive Investors John McGoldrick SP Angel HB Markets Ransquawk Fuller Treavy Galvan Trader Talk Hybridan Fox-Davies Fat Prophets Alistair Strang Edison's weekly research summary The Naked Trader Keith Heddle Michael Millar Angus Warren Beaufort Securities Markets At A Glance Sprott Group Susan McKenzie Charlotte Kan Leigh Bolton Adam Sheldrake Sophie Barrowman Emma Milton Northland Capital IG Group Malcolm Graham-Wood Nick Huber Nicola Brown Andrew Neil Shard Capital Damon Heath Gareth Burchell Juliet Mann Jon Hopkins Accendo Markets Sarah Lowther Greg Watson Nigel Roberts . Fuller Treacy Money Philip Waller Jonathan Jones Alastair Ford Glen Jones Thomas Coleman Stewart Dalby Eithne Treanor RFC Ambrian Ben Marlow Richard Embrey Ebiquity Kieron Hodgson Stefania Barbaglio Sasha Sethi Jeremy Naylor Jamie Nimmo Carrie White George Matlock Josh Allsopp Tom Howard VSA Capital George Matlock Charles Breese Roger Lawson Andrew Scott Jonathon Narvey Jonathon Narvey Angela Kean Christine Feary Andre Lamberti Jeff Coote Sergei Balashov Brad Lemaire Joyanta Acharjee Olivia D'Orazio Jon Mainwaring Ross Louthean, Mineweb.net Fiona MacDonald Erin Sugar Richard Badauskas Metals Place Kam Patel Julie Crust Chris Shaw Dorothy Kosich Stephen Feldman Jon Hopkins Tip Tv Renae Dyer The Naked Fund Manager Helaine Kang Sam Catalano Lionel Therond Riccardo Lowi Ed Stacey James Dolman Ed Birkin Youssef Essaegh David Eaton Fahad Changazi James Eginton Andy Brown Zak Mir Eugene Gallagher Nishant Varma Christian Schmidt Huub Verschueren Mark A. Smith Highlights Market Reports Columns Presentations Crowdfunding Elevator Pitch Energy Big Picture Articles Newswires Market Reports Columns Videos Presentations Mining Big Picture Articles Newswires Market Reports Columns Videos Presentations Tech Big Picture Articles Newswires Market Reports Columns Videos Presentations Pharma & Biotech Big Picture Articles Newswires Market Reports Columns Videos Presentations In Focus Big Picture Articles Newswires Market Reports Columns Videos Presentations Home News Articles LON:RMG Property disposals helpful, but not material for Royal Mail, say analysts Share Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Email Print Download PDF version 13:40 05 Jun 2017 Royal Mail confirmed the partial disposal of its property holdings at Nine Elms, Battersea, with two plots being sold comprising 32% of the 8.35 developable acres at the site Analysts at JPMorgan Cazenove noted that, on a gross basis, the £101mln cash disposal price implies nearly £38mln an acre Following speculation last week that Royal Mail Group PLC (LON:RMG) was about to dispose of its historic site at Mount Pleasant in London, a real estate deal was actually signed late on Friday – but on the other side of the Thames. In a statement today, Royal Mail confirmed the partial disposal of its property holdings at Nine Elms, Battersea, with two plots being sold comprising 32% of the 8.35 developable acres at the site. READ: Royal Mail shares up as it raises £101mln in cash from sale of two Nine Elms development plots Analysts at JPMorgan Cazenove noted that, on a gross basis, the £101mln cash disposal price implies nearly £38mln an acre, broadly in-line with their valuation. In a note to clients, they added: “Net of the guided reinvestment and assumed transactions costs (5% of gross), this falls to just under £28m/acre or a 30% discount to our base case.” They added that that discount downside, of just over £30mln in total, would roughly offset comparable estimated upside from the speculated disposal of Mount Pleasant. JPMorgan kept an ‘overweight’ stance on Royal Mail with a target price of 565p.  Property disposals are not that material for Royal Mail Deutsche Bank analyst Andy Chu, meanwhile, pointed out that, while helpful, in his view, property disposals are not that material for Royal Mail. In a note to clients, the analyst said: “We expect property disposals at RMG but perhaps a little surprised given the softening London property market and that the company does not need the cash given its strong balance sheet. That said it makes strategic sense.” He added: “We are of the view that there is a not a lot of hidden property value in RMG and as this disposal highlights, some of the proceeds are required for investment to help maximise future sales proceeds.” But he noted: “A cumulative net proceeds figure of £114mln including this transaction is not material vs. a market cap of £4.4bn.” Deutsche Bank retains a ‘hold’ rating and 450p price target on Royal Mail shares. £30mln of proceeds to be reinvested into infrastructure works at Nine Elms Meanwhile Liberum Capital analyst Gerald Khoo noted that Royal Mail intends to reinvest £30m of the proceeds into infrastructure works to support both the sold plots and other future developments. He pointed out: “If we deduct the infrastructure investment from the proceeds (our valuation is net of such investment), and apply the same valuation to the rest of the plot, the implied valuation is slightly below our valuation (£222mln vs. £251mln) although this is not material on a per share basis (3p per share difference).” The Liberum analyst repeated a ‘sell’ stance on Royal Mail with a 400p price target. In lunchtime trading, Royal Mail shares were 0.8%, or 3.6p higher at 442.7p. Share Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Email Print Download PDF version Jon Hopkins Register here to be notified of future RMG Company articles View full RMG profile View Profile Royal Mail PLC Timeline Article Mon Royal Mail shares up as it raises £101mln in cash from sale of two Nine Elms development plots Article May 18 2017 Royal Mail letter deliveries continue to drop but growth in parcels boost full year profits Newswire May 15 2017 Royal Mail promotes director of group finance to role of chief finance officer Newswire May 08 2017 Royal Mail pension scheme paid £900mln over contributions in latest year Article April 13 2017 City versus unions: Royal Mail Group's pension plan closure move will likely divide both Article April 13 2017 Royal Mail to close current pension scheme from March 31 2018, as "no affordable solution" Newswire March 23 2017 Royal Mail to get some love at last once pension issue is resolved Article March 14 2017 Royal Mail faces higher costs if it accepts trade union's pension scheme proposal, says Liberum Article March 01 2017 Royal Mail avoids price controls by Ofcom following regulatory review Article January 31 2017 Barclays cuts earnings, target price for Royal Mail on uncertainty over UK letter volumes View All Related Articles Capital Drilling ups forecasts as mining re-boots May 05 2017 Revenues are up, as are underlying earnings, while the company is also splashing the cash Frontier IP savvy strategy making an impact November 21 2016 Very simply, Frontier acts as the commercial cocoon around the intellectual property being spun out of universities and their inventors Stobart confirms 12 new European routes from London Southend airport December 22 2016 This will take the number of routes operating from the airport to 28 from Spring 2017. RSS Portfolio Follow Only registred members can create thier own customized alerts. Register or Log in Help Only registered members can add into watchlist. Register or Log in Royal Mail PLC View full company profile As the sole provider of the Universal Service in the UK, Royal Mail Group delivers a six-days-a-week, one-price-goes-anywhere postal service to more than 29 million addresses across the UK. Royal Mail is the preferred delivery company in the UK. We are a vital... Read more As the sole provider of the Universal Service in the UK, Royal Mail Group delivers a six-days-a-week, one-price-goes-anywhere postal service to more than 29 million addresses across the UK. Royal Mail is the preferred delivery company in the UK. We are a vital link connecting communities, businesses and customers. In 2012-13, we collected and delivered more than one billion parcels and 14 billion addressed letters across the country. Hide text Market: LSE EPIC: RMG Market Cap: 4,392.00M Latest Price: 439.20p  (0.48% ) 52-week H/L: 549.00p / 397.40p Sector: Support Services Royal Mail PLC 1day 1year Loading charts Loading charts Related Video Rise in parcels market to benefit Royal Mail, says Wilson King's Richard Hunter January 20 2017 See more related videos Royal Mail PLCRoyal Mail PLC RNS announcements 2017-06-05 Exchange of contract for sale of 2 Nine Elms Plots2017-05-25 Annual Financial Report2017-05-18 Royal Mail plc Full Year Results 2016-172017-05-15 Directorate Change2017-05-08 Update on Pension Valuation & 2018 Pension Review2017-04-13 Royal Mail 2018 Pension Review Update2017-04-06 GLS acquires Postal Express in the US2017-03-17 Director Declaration2017-03-01 Royal Mail response to Ofcom Review2017-03-01 Royal Mail response to Ofcom statement2017-02-01 Director Declaration2017-01-19 Nine Months 2016-17 Trading Update2017-01-16 Director/PDMR Shareholding2017-01-05 Royal Mail Pension Plan Consultation2016-12-20 Directorate Change2016-11-29 Directorate Change2016-11-17 Half-year Report2016-10-07 Director/PDMR Shareholding - replacement2016-10-07 Director/PDMR Shareholding2016-10-04 GLS Acquires Golden State Overnight View all announcements Proactive Investors Recommended US opportunities looking to be borne out for secure payments group Eckoh as contract wins roll-in Frontier IP savvy strategy making an impact Market focused on the road ahead at Newmark Security International: NA AU DE CN Our Company Term & Conditions The Team Contact us Newsletter Sitemap Cookies Partners: Follow us: © Proactive Investors 2017 Proactive Investor UK Limited, trading as “Proactiveinvestors United Kingdom”, is Authorised and regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority. Registered in England with Company Registration number 05639690. Group VAT registration number 872070825 FCA Registration number 559082. You can contact us here. Market Indices, Commodities and Regulatory News Headlines copyright © Morningstar. Data delayed 15 minutes unless otherwise indicated. Terms of use × Login Email Password Sign in Did you forget your password? Click here for recovery Or login using...
X Edition: United States Business Business Home Legal Deals Aerospace & Defense Finance Autos Reuters Summits ADventures Data Dive Markets Markets Home U.S. Markets European Markets Asian Markets Global Market Data Stocks Bonds Currencies Commodities Futures Funds Earnings Dividends World World Home U.S. Special Reports Reuters Investigates Euro Zone Middle East China Japan Mexico Brazil Africa Russia India Politics Politics Home Polling Explorer Live: U.S. Politics Supreme Court Tech Technology Home Science Top 100 Global Innovators Media Environment Innovation Commentary Commentary Home Podcasts Breakingviews Breakingviews Home Breakingviews Video Money Money Home Retirement Lipper Awards Analyst Research Stock Screener Fund Screener Life Health Sports Arts Entertainment Oddly Enough Pictures Pictures Home The Wider Image Photographers Focus 360 Video RPT-Stress test relief tops bank wish list ahead of Trump's rule review Africa América Latina عربي Argentina Brasil Canada 中国 Deutschland España France India Italia 日本 México РОССИЯ United Kingdom United States Market News | Mon Jun 5, 2017 | 7:00am EDT RPT-Stress test relief tops bank wish list ahead of Trump's rule review (Repeats story that ran on Friday) By Pete Schroeder and David Henry June 2 As Wall Street awaits President Donald Trump's vision for financial regulation, big U.S. banks are pushing for a lucrative change his appointees can execute without a legislative fight: easing annual stress tests. First conducted by the Federal Reserve in 2009 to increase confidence in the system, bankers say the tests have morphed into a mysterious, laborious and time-consuming process from what was once a straightforward exam of financial strength. The outcome determines how much capital banks must hold, and how they can use what is left. But getting a passing grade can be tough. JPMorgan Chase & Co, the biggest U.S. bank, calls on hundreds of employees to work on stress test submissions each year. Morgan Stanley, the sixth largest, submits a file of over 25,000 pages. Reducing the tests’ complexity and frequency could not only save man-hours, but help the U.S. economy by stimulating more lending, bankers and lobbyists said in recent interviews. "While we believe that stress-testing is the best way to gauge capital adequacy, we also believe that a fresh look at how stress-testing is conducted could produce significant benefits for economic growth," said Greg Baer, president of industry trade group The Clearing House Association. Bankers have been making their case in meetings with legislators, in reports sent to Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin, who is stewarding the financial overhaul by the Republican administration, and in public comments to investors and securities analysts. Easing up on stress tests could significantly boost returns. For example, Nomura Instinet analyst Steven Chubak estimates JPMorgan could increase annual profits by about $2.5 billion, or 10 percent, under a more relaxed framework. There are more than a few skeptics pushing back on the industry's pleas. Hawkish regulators and former regulators oppose the idea of lightening stress tests too much. "As proposals for regulatory change swirl about, it is crucial that the strong capital regime be maintained, especially as it applies to the most systemically important banks,” former Fed Governor Daniel Tarullo, who led regulatory matters, said in April. “Neither regulators nor legislators should agree to changes that would effectively weaken that regime." Consumer advocates, anti-Wall Street groups and influential lawmakers such as Senator Elizabeth Warren, a Democrat, have also fought any loosening of bank regulations, arguing the industry would embrace reckless practices again. While bond investors and ratings agencies are happy to see robust capital levels, stock investors are clamoring for banks to boost share buybacks and dividends. Wall Street analysts have been asking what banks would do with unleashed capital, and the picture is mixed. JPMorgan has said it would like to extend more credit to small businesses and home buyers if the government eases up on lending restrictions. Citigroup Inc, in contrast, has emphasized buying back stock because its shares are trading for less than the company is worth. The industry's stress-test offensive is happening as Washington re-examines financial reforms, in what will likely be a lengthy and heated debate. The Treasury Department is expected to release its first in a series of reports on overhauling regulations early this week, while House Republicans are scheduled to vote on their own financial regulatory reform bill. Despite assurances by Trump that rules will be rewritten, there appears to be insufficient support in Congress. At least eight Senate Democrats would be needed to pass any broad law rewrite, which is unlikely. However, the Fed has broad discretion to make changes to the stress tests. POOR EXECUTION When it comes to the stress tests, bankers argue that the goal is noble, but the execution is poor. For instance, the Fed scores loan portfolios for losses under hypothetical economic catastrophes but does not explain its methodology, which changes year-to-year. Even if banks pass numerically, they can fail for "qualitative" problems like risk management. And, in their own calculations, lenders cannot consider steps they would take to conserve capital, something bankers describe as irrational. "The world will end three times over, but you need to factor in the fact that you probably paid dividends in that time, and you wouldn't shrink your balance sheet, and you would continue to pursue mergers and acquisitions," one executive said. Bankers say they sweat through every year's process, worried they will miss unseen hurdles. The uncertainty causes them to lend less than they otherwise would, they argue. The Fed has resisted any wholesale reimagining of stress tests, and major revisions are unlikely until new Fed governors are confirmed. Three board seats including the supervisory post are open. But there are signs the Fed could become more accommodative. For instance, banks will receive "more guidance" on qualitative matters when stress test results are announced on June 22, Fed Governor Jerome Powell said on Thursday. Bankers are hoping bigger changes will happen before the Fed issues instructions for the 2018 stress tests early next year. (Reporting by Pete Schroeder in Washington and David Henry in New York; Editing by Lauren Tara LaCapra and Phil Berlowitz) Our Standards: The Thomson Reuters Trust Principles Next In Market News BRIEF-Proqr to present QR-010 data at European Cystic Fibrosis Society conference * Proqr to present QR-010 data at the European Cystic Fibrosis Society conference and provides an update on the ongoing phase 1b trial BRIEF-‍Financeit Canada closes a $75 mln renewable securitization facility * Financeit Canada - closed a $75 million renewable securitization facility and a $10 million warehouse facility with a major Canadian life insurance company Source text for Eikon: MORE FROM REUTERS Sponsored Content From Around the WebPromoted by Revcontent Trending Stories Pictures Photos of the day Sponsored Topics X Follow Reuters: Follow Us On Twitter Follow Us On Facebook Follow Us On RSS Follow Us On Instagram Follow Us On YouTube Follow Us On LinkedIn Subscribe: Feeds | Newsletters | Podcasts | Apps Reuters News Agency | Brand Attribution Guidelines | Careers Reuters is the news and media division of Thomson Reuters. Thomson Reuters is the world's largest international multimedia news agency, providing investing news, world news, business news, technology news, headline news, small business news, news alerts, personal finance, stock market, and mutual funds information available on Reuters.com, video, mobile, and interactive television platforms. Learn more about Thomson Reuters products: Eikon Information, analytics and exclusive news on financial markets - delivered in an intuitive desktop and mobile interface Elektron Everything you need to empower your workflow and enhance your enterprise data management World-Check Screen for heightened risk individual and entities globally to help uncover hidden risks in business relationships and human networks Westlaw Build the strongest argument relying on authoritative content, attorney-editor expertise, and industry defining technology ONESOURCE The most comprehensive solution to manage all your complex and ever-expanding tax and compliance needs CHECKPOINT The industry leader for online information for tax, accounting and finance professionals All quotes delayed a minimum of 15 minutes. See here for a complete list of exchanges and delays. Site Feedback Corrections Advertising Guidelines Cookies Terms of Use Privacy Policy
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance ViaSat Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for ViaSat Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Positive News Coverage Somewhat Likely to Impact International Paper (IP) Stock Price Cortina Asset Management LLC Purchases 75,879 Shares of Entellus Medical Inc (ENTL) Cortina Asset Management LLC Sells 17,566 Shares of Covenant Transportation Group, Inc. (CVTI) Fiesta Restaurant Group (FRGI) Getting Favorable Media Coverage, Study Finds United Services Automobile Association Cuts Stake in Forrester Research, Inc. (FORR) Van ECK Associates Corp Purchases 50,868 Shares of Solar Capital Ltd. (SLRC) Genco Shipping & Trading Limited Ordinary Shares New (Marshall Islands) (GNK) Getting Positive Press Coverage, Report Shows Credit Agricole S A Boosts Stake in Papa John's Int'l, Inc. (PZZA) Bank of Commerce Holdings (BOCH) Upgraded to “Buy” at ValuEngine Bryn Mawr Bank Corp. (BMTC) Upgraded by ValuEngine to “Buy” Cna Financial Corp (CNA) Upgraded at Zacks Investment Research BNC Bancorp (BNCN) Upgraded to “Buy” at ValuEngine Analysts Set Aramark (ARMK) PT at $42.70 Marcus & Millichap Inc (MMI) Downgraded to “Hold” at ValuEngine MEDNAX Inc (MD) Downgraded by ValuEngine to “Hold” Murphy Oil Co. (MUR) Lowered to Sell at ValuEngine Magna International Inc. (MGA) Downgraded to “Buy” at ValuEngine MGIC Investment Corp. (MTG) Upgraded by ValuEngine to “Strong-Buy” Rafferty Asset Management LLC Raises Stake in Nasdaq Inc (NDAQ) LMR Partners LLP Takes Position in Las Vegas Sands Corp. (LVS) JPMorgan Chase & Co. Reaffirms “Neutral” Rating for ViaSat, Inc. (VSAT) June 5th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Tyrone Williams Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Finance Tweet JPMorgan Chase & Co. reiterated their neutral rating on shares of ViaSat, Inc. (NASDAQ:VSAT) in a report published on Wednesday. JPMorgan Chase & Co. currently has a $74.00 price target on the communications equipment provider’s stock. A number of other research analysts also recently commented on the stock. B. Riley reaffirmed a buy rating and set a $89.00 price objective on shares of ViaSat in a research report on Tuesday, May 30th. Royal Bank of Canada set a $50.00 price objective on shares of ViaSat and gave the company a sell rating in a research report on Saturday, May 27th. Zacks Investment Research downgraded shares of ViaSat from a hold rating to a sell rating in a research report on Friday, May 26th. TheStreet raised shares of ViaSat from a c rating to a b- rating in a research report on Tuesday, May 23rd. Finally, Wells Fargo & Co set a $96.00 price objective on shares of ViaSat and gave the company a buy rating in a research report on Wednesday, May 24th. Three equities research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, five have assigned a hold rating and six have given a buy rating to the stock. ViaSat has a consensus rating of Hold and an average price target of $76.40. ViaSat (VSAT) opened at 71.30 on Wednesday. The firm has a 50 day moving average of $64.83 and a 200-day moving average of $66.38. The firm has a market cap of $4.11 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 158.44 and a beta of 0.67. ViaSat has a one year low of $61.85 and a one year high of $82.19. ViaSat (NASDAQ:VSAT) last announced its quarterly earnings data on Tuesday, May 23rd. The communications equipment provider reported $0.32 EPS for the quarter, beating the Zacks’ consensus estimate of $0.28 by $0.04. ViaSat had a net margin of 1.02% and a return on equity of 1.55%. The firm had revenue of $416.40 million for the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $400.90 million. During the same period in the previous year, the firm posted $0.29 earnings per share. The firm’s revenue was up 11.9% on a year-over-year basis. Equities research analysts forecast that ViaSat will post $0.42 EPS for the current fiscal year. WARNING: “JPMorgan Chase & Co. Reaffirms “Neutral” Rating for ViaSat, Inc. (VSAT)” was reported by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are reading this article on another publication, it was illegally stolen and republished in violation of US & international trademark and copyright law. The correct version of this article can be viewed at https://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/06/05/jpmorgan-chase-co-reaffirms-neutral-rating-for-viasat-inc-vsat.html. In other ViaSat news, VP Toro Melinda Michele Del sold 2,938 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Friday, March 17th. The shares were sold at an average price of $65.11, for a total value of $191,293.18. The transaction was disclosed in a filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which can be accessed through this link. Insiders own 9.70% of the company’s stock. A number of hedge funds have recently bought and sold shares of VSAT. Neuburgh Advisers LLC increased its stake in ViaSat by 20.5% in the first quarter. Neuburgh Advisers LLC now owns 1,600 shares of the communications equipment provider’s stock valued at $102,000 after buying an additional 272 shares in the last quarter. Quantbot Technologies LP acquired a new stake in ViaSat during the first quarter valued at approximately $105,000. Glen Harbor Capital Management LLC increased its stake in ViaSat by 20.5% in the first quarter. Glen Harbor Capital Management LLC now owns 2,200 shares of the communications equipment provider’s stock valued at $140,000 after buying an additional 374 shares in the last quarter. Elkfork Partners LLC acquired a new stake in ViaSat during the fourth quarter valued at approximately $154,000. Finally, Independent Portfolio Consultants Inc. acquired a new stake in ViaSat during the first quarter valued at approximately $163,000. 82.39% of the stock is owned by institutional investors. ViaSat Company Profile ViaSat, Inc is engaged in broadband technologies and services. The Company operates through three segments: satellite services, commercial networks and government systems. The satellite services segment provides satellite-based broadband services to consumers, enterprises, commercial airlines and mobile broadband customers primarily in the United States. Receive News & Ratings for ViaSat Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for ViaSat Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Trump’s Tweets Complicate Already Complicated Week World Leaders Very Critical of Paris Agreement Decision by Trump Aide to President Trump Resigns With More Expected Scud-Class Missile Launched by North Korea Travel Ban Dealt Another Blow by Appeals Court © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Lloyds Banking Group PLC - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Lloyds Banking Group PLC with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Donald E. Gibson Buys 982 Shares of Greene County Bancorp (GCBC) Stock Zacks: Analysts Expect Compass Diversified Holdings (CODI) to Announce $0.37 Earnings Per Share ConnectOne Bancorp Inc (CNOB) CFO William S. Burns Sells 888 Shares of Stock King's Bay Gold Corp (KBG) Director Kevin Bottomley Purchases 200,000 Shares of Stock Scandium International Mining Corp (EMC) Director Terry Michael Johnson Acquires 10,000 Shares of Stock Altria Group Inc (MO) Raised to Buy at Vetr Inc. Bristol-Myers Squibb Co (BMY) Raised to Strong-Buy at Vetr Inc. Vetr Inc. Lowers GameStop Corp. (GME) to Strong Sell Robert P. Jornayvaz III Acquires 13,800 Shares of Intrepid Potash, Inc. (IPI) Stock Ryerson Holding Corp (RYI) Insider Michael Burbach Acquires 3,000 Shares ClearBridge Energy MLP Fund Inc (CEM) Insider Chris Eades Acquires 1,600 Shares Financial Analysis: Rice Midstream Partners (RMP) and Range Resources Corp. (RRC) Frontline Ltd. (FRO) Receives $7.50 Average PT from Analysts Brokerages Anticipate Black Stone Minerals LP (BSM) to Post $0.19 Earnings Per Share Brokerages Anticipate Xencor Inc (XNCR) Will Announce Earnings of -$0.25 Per Share Analysts Expect AMC Entertainment Holdings Inc (AMC) Will Post Quarterly Sales of $1.35 Billion Scott Blair Edmonds Purchases 27,000 Shares of Photon Control Inc (PHO) Stock $25.33 Million in Sales Expected for Oxford Immunotec Global PLC (OXFD) This Quarter Steve Asakowicz Sells 382 Shares of Heska Corp (HSKA) Stock Zynga Inc (ZNGA) Director Ellen F. Siminoff Sells 12,000 Shares of Stock Lloyds Banking Group PLC (LLOY) Given a GBX 83 Price Target by JPMorgan Chase & Co. Analysts June 5th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Latisha Jones Filed Under: Analyst Articles - UK - Finance Tweet Lloyds Banking Group PLC (LON:LLOY) has been assigned a GBX 83 ($1.07) price target by research analysts at JPMorgan Chase & Co. in a research note issued to investors on Thursday. The firm currently has a “buy” rating on the financial services provider’s stock. JPMorgan Chase & Co.’s price objective indicates a potential upside of 19.68% from the company’s previous close. LLOY has been the topic of several other reports. AlphaValue reissued a “buy” rating and set a GBX 91.50 ($1.18) price objective on shares of Lloyds Banking Group PLC in a research note on Friday, April 28th. Barclays PLC reaffirmed an “overweight” rating and set a GBX 75 ($0.96) target price on shares of Lloyds Banking Group PLC in a research note on Tuesday, February 14th. Goldman Sachs Group Inc set a GBX 58 ($0.75) target price on Lloyds Banking Group PLC and gave the company a “sell” rating in a research note on Tuesday, May 2nd. Deutsche Bank AG upped their target price on Lloyds Banking Group PLC from GBX 68 ($0.87) to GBX 70 ($0.90) and gave the company a “hold” rating in a research note on Wednesday, March 8th. Finally, Credit Suisse Group AG reaffirmed a “neutral” rating and set a GBX 70 ($0.90) target price on shares of Lloyds Banking Group PLC in a research note on Tuesday, March 28th. Six investment analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, three have issued a hold rating and fifteen have assigned a buy rating to the company’s stock. Lloyds Banking Group PLC presently has an average rating of “Hold” and an average target price of GBX 71.66 ($0.92). Shares of Lloyds Banking Group PLC (LLOY) opened at 69.17 on Thursday. The stock’s market capitalization is GBX 54.77 billion. Lloyds Banking Group PLC has a one year low of GBX 47.10 and a one year high of GBX 73.58. The company’s 50-day moving average price is GBX 68.91 and its 200 day moving average price is GBX 65.77. WARNING: This story was first posted by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are accessing this story on another publication, it was copied illegally and reposted in violation of international copyright laws. The legal version of this story can be viewed at https://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/06/05/lloyds-banking-group-plc-lloy-given-a-gbx-83-price-target-by-jpmorgan-chase-co-analysts.html. In other Lloyds Banking Group PLC news, insider Antonio Horta-Osorio purchased 5,107 shares of Lloyds Banking Group PLC stock in a transaction dated Tuesday, April 18th. The shares were acquired at an average cost of GBX 63 ($0.81) per share, with a total value of £3,217.41 ($4,132.83). Over the last ninety days, insiders have bought 55,905 shares of company stock worth $3,976,803. Lloyds Banking Group PLC Company Profile Lloyds Banking Group plc is a provider of financial services to individual and business customers in the United Kingdom. The Company’s main business activities are retail and commercial banking, general insurance, and long-term savings, protection and investment. The Company’s segments are Retail, Commercial Banking, Consumer Finance, Insurance and Other. Receive News & Ratings for Lloyds Banking Group PLC Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Lloyds Banking Group PLC and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Trump’s Tweets Complicate Already Complicated Week World Leaders Very Critical of Paris Agreement Decision by Trump Aide to President Trump Resigns With More Expected Scud-Class Missile Launched by North Korea Travel Ban Dealt Another Blow by Appeals Court © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Randgold Resources Limited - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Randgold Resources Limited with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Analyzing Global Eagle Entertainment (ENT) & Comcast (CMCSK) CIGNA Co. (CI) Upgraded to Buy at ValuEngine Kopin (KOPN) versus Qorvo (QRVO) Financial Contrast Pacer Advisors Inc. Has $339,000 Stake in Regions Financial Corp (RF) Buckingham Capital Management Inc. Reduces Position in Delta Air Lines, Inc. (DAL) Illumina, Inc. (ILMN) Shares Bought by Nordea Investment Management AB Casey's General Stores Inc (CASY) Stake Boosted by Nordea Investment Management AB 25,494 Shares in Weibo Corp (WB) Acquired by Nordea Investment Management AB Tortoise Investment Management LLC Sells 765 Shares of Delta Air Lines, Inc. (DAL) Mason Street Advisors LLC Purchases 520 Shares of BancorpSouth, Inc. (BXS) Pacer Advisors Inc. Purchases 44 Shares of Essex Property Trust Inc (ESS) Pacer Advisors Inc. Purchases 1,080 Shares of Clean Harbors Inc (CLH) Pacer Advisors Inc. Purchases New Position in Science Applications International Corp (SAIC) Pacer Advisors Inc. Has $338,000 Stake in Ciena Co. (CIEN) Envestnet Asset Management Inc. Sells 624 Shares of ICU Medical (ICUI) Mercantile Bank Corp. (MBWM) Expected to Announce Quarterly Sales of $31.16 Million Tata Motors Limited (TTM) Earns News Sentiment Rating of -0.07 USD Partners (USDP) Earning Somewhat Negative News Coverage, AlphaOne Reports Parke Bancorp (PKBK) Getting Somewhat Negative Media Coverage, Study Shows Dwight D. Churchill Sells 3,277 Shares of Affiliated Managers Group, Inc. (AMG) Stock Randgold Resources Limited (RRS) Price Target Increased to GBX 8,300 by Analysts at JPMorgan Chase & Co. June 5th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Stacy Sanders Filed Under: Analyst Articles - UK - Finance Tweet Randgold Resources Limited (LON:RRS) had its price objective hoisted by stock analysts at JPMorgan Chase & Co. from GBX 8,100 ($104.05) to GBX 8,300 ($106.62) in a research note issued to investors on Monday. The brokerage currently has an “overweight” rating on the stock. JPMorgan Chase & Co.’s price target would indicate a potential upside of 11.84% from the company’s current price. A number of other research firms have also weighed in on RRS. Canaccord Genuity reissued a “hold” rating and set a GBX 6,400 ($82.21) target price on shares of Randgold Resources Limited in a report on Monday, February 6th. Deutsche Bank AG restated a “buy” rating and issued a GBX 7,400 ($95.05) price target on shares of Randgold Resources Limited in a research note on Tuesday, February 7th. Panmure Gordon downgraded Randgold Resources Limited to a “hold” rating and reduced their price target for the company from GBX 8,309 ($106.73) to GBX 6,495 ($83.43) in a research note on Monday, May 15th. Barclays PLC restated an “overweight” rating and issued a GBX 8,000 ($102.76) price target on shares of Randgold Resources Limited in a research note on Wednesday, May 3rd. Finally, Goldman Sachs Group Inc restated a “neutral” rating and issued a GBX 8,000 ($102.76) price target on shares of Randgold Resources Limited in a research note on Thursday, March 16th. One analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, five have issued a hold rating and ten have issued a buy rating to the stock. The company currently has an average rating of “Buy” and an average price target of GBX 7,471 ($95.97). Randgold Resources Limited (RRS) opened at 7421.580566 on Monday. The company’s market capitalization is GBX 6.98 billion. Randgold Resources Limited has a 12 month low of GBX 5,410.00 and a 12 month high of GBX 9,820.00. The company has a 50-day moving average price of GBX 7,108.14 and a 200 day moving average price of GBX 6,769.16. TRADEMARK VIOLATION NOTICE: “Randgold Resources Limited (RRS) Price Target Increased to GBX 8,300 by Analysts at JPMorgan Chase & Co.” was originally published by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are reading this piece on another website, it was illegally stolen and republished in violation of US & international copyright & trademark laws. The legal version of this piece can be read at https://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/06/05/randgold-resources-limited-rrs-price-target-increased-to-gbx-8300-by-analysts-at-jpmorgan-chase-co.html. In other news, insider D Mark Bristow sold 50,000 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction on Monday, May 15th. The stock was sold at an average price of GBX 7,244 ($93.05), for a total transaction of £3,622,000 ($4,652,536.93). Also, insider Safiatou Francoise Ba-N’Dawrrs bought 32 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction dated Friday, May 26th. The shares were bought at an average price of GBX 7,250 ($93.13) per share, with a total value of £2,320 ($2,980.09). Randgold Resources Limited Company Profile Randgold Resources Limited is engaged in gold mining, exploration and related activities. The Company’s activities are focused on West and Central Africa. The Company operates through the gold mining segment. The Company operates various mines, such as Morila, Loulo, Gounkoto, Tongon and Kibali. The Company is exploring in African countries, such as Mali, Senegal, Cote d’Ivoire and the Democratic Republic of Congo (DRC). Receive News & Ratings for Randgold Resources Limited Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Randgold Resources Limited and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Jeff Sessions Spoke of Resigning After Tensions Increase with Trump President Trump’s Tweets Complicate Already Complicated Week World Leaders Very Critical of Paris Agreement Decision by Trump Aide to President Trump Resigns With More Expected Scud-Class Missile Launched by North Korea © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Sections News Election Eric Frein Trial Trump Weather Archives Obituaries Business Stocks Education Data Center Photo Store NEPA 911 Health-Science Local History Gas Drilling Courts State Sports High School Penn State RailRiders Penguins Gameface Golf Motorsports Wildlife Varsity570 Lifestyles Curtain Call Student Artists Calendar Life events Food and wine 10 things Mothers Home and Garden On The Record Crossword Times Traveler My Town Scranton Dunmore Abingtons Downvalley Midvalley Upvalley N. Pocono Wayne Wyoming Susquehanna Opinion Editorials & Columns Letters Submit Letter Cole Cartoon Blog Blogs Chris Kelly Blog John Cole Cartoons High School Sports Penn State RailRiders Photo Blog Local History The Borys Blog WildLife Blog Contact Print Subscription Print Advertising NIE Press Pass Classifieds Classifieds NEPAAutoSource Real Estate Jobs Shopping Photo Store Circulars Coupons Marketplace Smart Staff Subscribe ALL ACCESS SUBSCRIPTION A Scranton Times-Tribune All Access subscription gets you complete access to both our print and digital publications, delivered to your home, desktop and mobile devices 7 days a week Subscribe to home delivery Digital Only Subscription Read the digital SMART Edition of The Times-Tribune on your PC or mobile device, and have 24/7 access to breaking news, local sports, contests, and more at thetimes-tribune.com or on our mobile apps. Digital Services Have news alerts sent to your mobile device, read the Smart Edition sign up for daily newsletters, activate your all access, enter contests, take quizzes, download our mobile apps and see the latest e-circulars. Contact Us   Manage your subscription, update your subscriber information, see frequently asked questions or request customer service support. Sign In News • Sports • Lifestyles • Obituaries • Opinion • Contact • Classifieds • Marketplace • Smart Scranton waiting on bank plan for Castle House High School Sports Blog Chris Kelly Blog: Christopher J. Kelly, is the Scranton Times-Tribune Columnist. My Town: Read and comment on news, sports, features and opinion from your local community: Court Notes: Complete listings of marriage licenses, property transactions, tax liens, estates filed News Flash: Get news alerts from the Times-Tribune on your mobile phone or in your email. Education Databases: Searchable databases on demographics, test scores, financial information and te Most Read Recent Comments 3 Victims, suspect identified following murder suicide in Tunkhannock Scranton police seize cocaine, 10 pounds of marijuana after arrest Lackawanna County Court Notes 6/8/2017 Two arrested, another has charges pending, in Jermyn drug investigation Archbald council hears trailer park complaints Man accused in Scranton Counseling Centerassault sentenced to prison Lackawanna County says committee can stay mysterious Police: Man tried to pass off fake bill to pay cab fare BENTON TWP. — State police at Dunmore need help identifying a man who paid for a $50 cab ride with a fake $100 bill. (read more) State House OKs biggest gambling expansion in years HARRISBURG — The Pennsylvania House of Representatives on Wednesday night passed sprawling gambling legislation, unveiled just hours earlier, to expand casino-style gambling to the internet, airports, bars and elsewhere in a move that could shape how the state government deals with its deficit-riddled finances this summer. (read more) Inmate found guilty in guard’s slaying The courtroom doors opened and the family of slain Correctional Officer Eric Williams walked out, exchanging hugs and handshakes with a large contingent of his former co-workers. (read more) Trial for teens charged with cop's death may be postponed The July trial for three teenagers charged in connection with Scranton police Patrolman John Wilding’s death may be postponed due in part to pretrial publicity relating to a public event honoring fallen police officers. (read more) Former GCMC nurse accused of stealing narcotic painkiller from hospital A former Geisinger Community Medical Center nurse faces charges after police said she stole and used leftover painkillers she gave to patients. (read more) Cosby's chief accuser denies romance before alleged assault NORRISTOWN, Pa. (AP) — Bill Cosby's chief accuser on Wednesday denied they had a romantic relationship before he allegedly drugged and assaulted her at his suburban Philadelphia home. (read more) Abington Heights teachers union sets strike date The Abington Heights Education Association on Tuesday issued a strike notice for Sept. 12, meaning students may find themselves out of the classroom less than a week after school begins. (read more) Panelists discuss good citizenship at NPR discussion As about 200 people explored what it means to be a “good citizen” Tuesday, community leaders here and around the country challenged the audience. (read more) JIM LOCKWOOD, STAFF WRITER / Published: June 5, 2017 Article Tools Font size – + Share This     JAKE DANNA STEVENS / STAFF PHOTOGRAPHER The “Castle House” at 1021 Richmont St. in Scranton. A bank that appealed a Scranton order to condemn a run-down yet picturesque vacant home in Green Ridge no longer has any involvement with the property, a city official said. JPMorgan Chase, the mortgage/lien holder of the abandoned home at 1021 Richmont St., had appealed in January a city order to raze the building. At that time, the Scranton Housing Appeals Board heard from an attorney for JPMorgan Chase, who said the bank planned to bring the home up to code. However, because the bank did not own the home, the attorney asked for a delay of six to nine months for the bank to try to obtain title to the property, which likely would require court approval. The appeals board decided to revisit the matter in 60 days. Those two months lapsed in late March, and city officials planned to ask the bank to return to the Housing Appeals Board in mid-June to give an update, said city Licensing, Inspections and Permits Director Patrick Hinton. “They were supposed to come back within 60 days,” Hinton said. However, JPMorgan Chase last week told the city that the bank no longer has any involvement with the house, but could not divulge any more information about ownership, Hinton said. Efforts to reach a JPMorgan Chase spokeswoman were unsuccessful. The Housing Appeals Board still may discuss the situation at its next meeting, possibly June 12, Hinton said. Last fall, the city moved to demolish the abandoned home, but waited when residents pushed to save the property, nicknamed “Castle House” for its cone-capped turret. Purchased by Russian artist Elena Flerova in 2002, the house — which has not been occupied in many years — fell into disrepair. Efforts by the city and bank to contact Flerova have been unsuccessful. Art gallery sites say Flerova, born in 1943, is a Jewish artist from Moscow who, after immigrating to the United States in the 1990s, created a body of paintings of Jewish religious ceremonies and scenes. Efforts by The Times-Tribune to locate Flerova have been unsuccessful. Contact the writer: jlockwood@timesshamrock.com; 570-348-9100 x5185; @jlockwoodTT on Twitter Recent Scranton News Man reports he was robbed in Scranton Board certifies election resulst Scranton police seize cocaine, 10 pounds of marijuana after arrest Scranton man convicted of aggravated assault Lackawanna County says committee can stay mysterious Man accused in Scranton Counseling Centerassault sentenced to prison Girl Power Yoga We welcome user discussion on our site, under the following guidelines: To comment you must first create a profile and sign-in with a verified DISQUS account or social network ID. Sign up here. Comments in violation of the rules will be denied, and repeat violators will be banned. Please help police the community by flagging offensive comments for our moderators to review. By posting a comment, you agree to our full terms and conditions. Click here to read terms and conditions. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. comments powered by Disqus 149 Penn Ave. Scranton, PA 18503 1-800-228-4637 CONTACT US Copyright ©2017 The Scranton Times-Tribune PRIVACY POLICY | OPINION POSTING POLICY | ABOUT OUR ADS | Questions or comments? CONTACT US SUBSCRIBE HOME DELIVERY DIGITAL SUBSCRIPTIONS NEWSLETTERS ALERTS NEWS OBITUARIES SPORTS LIFESTYLES BUSINESS OPINION CONTACT JOBS CLASSIFIEDS MARKETPLACE PLACE AN AD FIND SCRANTON JOBS Facebook Twitter Instagram      
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance JPMorgan Chase & Co. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for JPMorgan Chase & Co. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News UBS Asset Management Americas Inc. Has $103.68 Million Stake in Zoetis Inc (ZTS) BB&T Co. (BBT) Shares Bought by UBS Asset Management Americas Inc. Gabelli Funds LLC Has $44.23 Million Stake in Corning Incorporated (GLW) Intuit Inc. (INTU) Stake Lowered by UBS Asset Management Americas Inc. FBR & Co Analysts Give Meta Financial Group Inc. (CASH) a $130.00 Price Target UBS Asset Management Americas Inc. Reduces Stake in Twenty-First Century Fox Inc (FOXA) Hilton Capital Management LLC Holds Stake in BlackRock, Inc. (BLK) Halliburton Company (HAL) Stake Raised by Intrust Bank NA Gamco Investors INC. ET AL Has $14.93 Million Stake in Corning Incorporated (GLW) World Asset Management Inc Acquires Shares of 4,049 Tupperware Brands Co. (TUP) World Asset Management Inc Purchases 41 Shares of Fair Isaac Co. (FICO) UBS Asset Management Americas Inc. Purchases 259,225 Shares of Xcel Energy Inc (XEL) World Asset Management Inc Has $259,000 Stake in IDACORP Inc (IDA) UBS Asset Management Americas Inc. Buys 5,042 Shares of Allergan plc (AGN) NCS Multistage Holdings Inc (NCSM) Research Coverage Started at Tudor Pickering Neil D. Hunt Sells 25,000 Shares of Netflix, Inc. (NFLX) Stock Moody's Co. (MCO) EVP Sells $5,839,500.00 in Stock Action Hotels PLC (AHCG) Insider Acquires £77,632.72 in Stock Analyzing Hydrogenics (HYGS) and Franklin Electric (FELE) Beazer Homes USA (BZH) & Hovnanian Enterprises (HOV) Critical Analysis JPMorgan Chase & Co. (JPM) Expected to Post Quarterly Sales of $25.04 Billion June 4th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Jeff Wilder Filed Under: Consensus Rating Articles - Finance Tweet Analysts expect that JPMorgan Chase & Co. (NYSE:JPM) will post sales of $25.04 billion for the current fiscal quarter, according to Zacks Investment Research. Four analysts have made estimates for JPMorgan Chase & Co.’s earnings, with the lowest sales estimate coming in at $24.73 billion and the highest estimate coming in at $25.57 billion. JPMorgan Chase & Co. posted sales of $24.38 billion in the same quarter last year, which suggests a positive year-over-year growth rate of 2.7%. The business is scheduled to report its next earnings report on Thursday, July 13th. On average, analysts expect that JPMorgan Chase & Co. will report full year sales of $25.04 billion for the current year, with estimates ranging from $98.86 billion to $103.84 billion. For the next financial year, analysts forecast that the firm will post sales of $107.52 billion per share, with estimates ranging from $103.47 billion to $112.05 billion. Zacks Investment Research’s sales calculations are a mean average based on a survey of sell-side analysts that follow JPMorgan Chase & Co.. JPMorgan Chase & Co. (NYSE:JPM) last issued its quarterly earnings results on Thursday, April 13th. The financial services provider reported $1.65 earnings per share for the quarter, beating the consensus estimate of $1.52 by $0.13. The company had revenue of $25.59 billion during the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $24.40 billion. JPMorgan Chase & Co. had a return on equity of 10.91% and a net margin of 23.45%. The business’s quarterly revenue was up 6.2% on a year-over-year basis. During the same quarter in the prior year, the firm posted $1.35 earnings per share. JPM has been the topic of several analyst reports. Daiwa Capital Markets upgraded JPMorgan Chase & Co. from a “hold” rating to an “outperform” rating in a report on Tuesday, February 7th. Vetr downgraded JPMorgan Chase & Co. from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating and set a $91.20 price objective on the stock. in a report on Monday, February 13th. BMO Capital Markets reiterated a “hold” rating on shares of JPMorgan Chase & Co. in a report on Wednesday, March 1st. Instinet lifted their price objective on JPMorgan Chase & Co. from $82.00 to $83.00 and gave the stock a “hold” rating in a report on Wednesday, March 1st. Finally, Zacks Investment Research downgraded JPMorgan Chase & Co. from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating in a report on Friday, March 3rd. Two investment analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, twelve have issued a hold rating and twenty-one have assigned a buy rating to the company. The company currently has a consensus rating of “Buy” and a consensus price target of $80.46. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY WARNING: “JPMorgan Chase & Co. (JPM) Expected to Post Quarterly Sales of $25.04 Billion” was published by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are viewing this piece on another website, it was copied illegally and republished in violation of United States and international trademark & copyright law. The original version of this piece can be accessed at https://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/06/04/jpmorgan-chase-co-jpm-expected-to-post-quarterly-sales-of-25-04-billion.html. In other JPMorgan Chase & Co. news, COO Matthew E. Zames sold 3,405 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction on Monday, April 17th. The shares were sold at an average price of $85.06, for a total transaction of $289,629.30. Following the completion of the sale, the chief operating officer now directly owns 329,019 shares in the company, valued at approximately $27,986,356.14. The sale was disclosed in a document filed with the SEC, which is available through this link. Also, insider Ashley Bacon sold 6,514 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction on Thursday, May 11th. The shares were sold at an average price of $87.21, for a total transaction of $568,085.94. Following the sale, the insider now owns 47,384 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $4,132,358.64. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Insiders sold a total of 20,711 shares of company stock worth $1,775,791 over the last ninety days. 0.85% of the stock is currently owned by insiders. A number of large investors have recently made changes to their positions in JPM. Pacific Center for Financial Services bought a new stake in shares of JPMorgan Chase & Co. during the fourth quarter worth $106,000. Invictus RG bought a new stake in shares of JPMorgan Chase & Co. during the first quarter worth $110,000. TrimTabs Asset Management LLC bought a new stake in shares of JPMorgan Chase & Co. during the first quarter worth $112,000. Northwest Quadrant Wealth Management LLC bought a new stake in shares of JPMorgan Chase & Co. during the fourth quarter worth $125,000. Finally, Thomas J. Herzfeld Advisors Inc. bought a new stake in shares of JPMorgan Chase & Co. during the fourth quarter worth $125,000. Institutional investors and hedge funds own 73.65% of the company’s stock. Shares of JPMorgan Chase & Co. (NYSE:JPM) traded down 0.51% during midday trading on Thursday, hitting $82.64. The stock had a trading volume of 14,998,489 shares. The stock has a market cap of $293.56 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 12.72 and a beta of 1.49. JPMorgan Chase & Co. has a 1-year low of $57.05 and a 1-year high of $93.98. The firm’s 50-day moving average price is $85.91 and its 200-day moving average price is $86.27. JPMorgan Chase & Co. also was the recipient of unusually large options trading on Thursday. Stock traders bought 36,484 call options on the stock. This represents an increase of approximately 106% compared to the average volume of 17,696 call options. The firm also recently disclosed a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Monday, July 31st. Investors of record on Thursday, July 6th will be given a $0.50 dividend. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Monday, July 3rd. This represents a $2.00 annualized dividend and a yield of 2.42%. JPMorgan Chase & Co.’s dividend payout ratio (DPR) is presently 31.02%. JPMorgan Chase & Co. Company Profile JPMorgan Chase & Co is a financial holding company. The Company is engaged in investment banking, financial services. It operates in four segments, as well as a Corporate segment. Its segments are Consumer & Community Banking, Corporate & Investment Bank, Commercial Banking and Asset Management. The Consumer & Community Banking segment offers services to consumers and businesses through bank branches, automatic teller machines (ATMs), online, mobile and telephone banking. Get a free copy of the Zacks research report on JPMorgan Chase & Co. (JPM) For more information about research offerings from Zacks Investment Research, visit Zacks.com Receive News & Ratings for JPMorgan Chase & Co. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for JPMorgan Chase & Co. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Trump’s Tweets Complicate Already Complicated Week World Leaders Very Critical of Paris Agreement Decision by Trump Aide to President Trump Resigns With More Expected Scud-Class Missile Launched by North Korea Travel Ban Dealt Another Blow by Appeals Court © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Lincoln National Co. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Lincoln National Co. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Analyzing Global Eagle Entertainment (ENT) & Comcast (CMCSK) CIGNA Co. (CI) Upgraded to Buy at ValuEngine Kopin (KOPN) versus Qorvo (QRVO) Financial Contrast Pacer Advisors Inc. Has $339,000 Stake in Regions Financial Corp (RF) Buckingham Capital Management Inc. Reduces Position in Delta Air Lines, Inc. (DAL) Illumina, Inc. (ILMN) Shares Bought by Nordea Investment Management AB Casey's General Stores Inc (CASY) Stake Boosted by Nordea Investment Management AB 25,494 Shares in Weibo Corp (WB) Acquired by Nordea Investment Management AB Tortoise Investment Management LLC Sells 765 Shares of Delta Air Lines, Inc. (DAL) Mason Street Advisors LLC Purchases 520 Shares of BancorpSouth, Inc. (BXS) Pacer Advisors Inc. Purchases 44 Shares of Essex Property Trust Inc (ESS) Pacer Advisors Inc. Purchases 1,080 Shares of Clean Harbors Inc (CLH) Pacer Advisors Inc. Purchases New Position in Science Applications International Corp (SAIC) Pacer Advisors Inc. Has $338,000 Stake in Ciena Co. (CIEN) Envestnet Asset Management Inc. Sells 624 Shares of ICU Medical (ICUI) Mercantile Bank Corp. (MBWM) Expected to Announce Quarterly Sales of $31.16 Million Tata Motors Limited (TTM) Earns News Sentiment Rating of -0.07 USD Partners (USDP) Earning Somewhat Negative News Coverage, AlphaOne Reports Parke Bancorp (PKBK) Getting Somewhat Negative Media Coverage, Study Shows Dwight D. Churchill Sells 3,277 Shares of Affiliated Managers Group, Inc. (AMG) Stock JPMorgan Chase & Co. Boosts Position in Lincoln National Co. (LNC) June 4th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Stacy Sanders Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet JPMorgan Chase & Co. increased its position in shares of Lincoln National Co. (NYSE:LNC) by 40.2% during the first quarter, according to its most recent Form 13F filing with the SEC. The fund owned 2,679,809 shares of the financial services provider’s stock after buying an additional 768,184 shares during the period. JPMorgan Chase & Co. owned about 1.19% of Lincoln National worth $175,392,000 as of its most recent SEC filing. A number of other large investors also recently made changes to their positions in LNC. NN Investment Partners Holdings N.V. boosted its stake in shares of Lincoln National by 1,725.3% in the first quarter. NN Investment Partners Holdings N.V. now owns 114,813 shares of the financial services provider’s stock worth $7,514,000 after buying an additional 108,523 shares during the period. Nordea Investment Management AB boosted its stake in shares of Lincoln National by 6.9% in the first quarter. Nordea Investment Management AB now owns 30,116 shares of the financial services provider’s stock worth $1,971,000 after buying an additional 1,932 shares during the period. Pacer Advisors Inc. boosted its stake in shares of Lincoln National by 3.3% in the first quarter. Pacer Advisors Inc. now owns 4,460 shares of the financial services provider’s stock worth $292,000 after buying an additional 143 shares during the period. Savant Capital LLC boosted its stake in shares of Lincoln National by 0.5% in the first quarter. Savant Capital LLC now owns 6,817 shares of the financial services provider’s stock worth $446,000 after buying an additional 37 shares during the period. Finally, Lingohr & Partner Asset Management GmbH boosted its stake in shares of Lincoln National by 117.6% in the first quarter. Lingohr & Partner Asset Management GmbH now owns 22,101 shares of the financial services provider’s stock worth $1,447,000 after buying an additional 11,943 shares during the period. 78.34% of the stock is owned by hedge funds and other institutional investors. Lincoln National Co. (NYSE:LNC) traded down 1.45% on Friday, reaching $65.78. 1,319,240 shares of the company’s stock were exchanged. The stock’s 50 day moving average price is $66.08 and its 200 day moving average price is $66.93. Lincoln National Co. has a 1-year low of $35.27 and a 1-year high of $73.31. The firm has a market capitalization of $14.75 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 10.79 and a beta of 2.10. Lincoln National (NYSE:LNC) last posted its quarterly earnings results on Wednesday, May 3rd. The financial services provider reported $1.92 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, topping the Zacks’ consensus estimate of $1.62 by $0.30. Lincoln National had a net margin of 8.88% and a return on equity of 9.93%. The company had revenue of $3.50 billion for the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $3.54 billion. During the same period last year, the firm posted $1.25 EPS. The company’s revenue for the quarter was up 7.9% on a year-over-year basis. On average, analysts expect that Lincoln National Co. will post $7.32 earnings per share for the current year. The company also recently disclosed a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Tuesday, August 1st. Investors of record on Monday, July 10th will be issued a $0.29 dividend. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Thursday, July 6th. This represents a $1.16 dividend on an annualized basis and a dividend yield of 1.76%. Lincoln National’s dividend payout ratio (DPR) is presently 23.25%. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION WARNING: “JPMorgan Chase & Co. Boosts Position in Lincoln National Co. (LNC)” was first posted by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are accessing this news story on another site, it was illegally copied and republished in violation of U.S. & international copyright & trademark legislation. The correct version of this news story can be read at https://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/06/04/jpmorgan-chase-co-boosts-position-in-lincoln-national-co-lnc.html. A number of brokerages recently weighed in on LNC. Wells Fargo & Co reissued a “hold” rating on shares of Lincoln National in a research report on Thursday, May 4th. Bank of America Corp raised shares of Lincoln National from a “neutral” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $78.00 price target for the company in a research report on Thursday, April 6th. They noted that the move was a valuation call. Finally, Keefe, Bruyette & Woods reissued a “hold” rating and issued a $75.00 price target on shares of Lincoln National in a research report on Tuesday, March 21st. Six investment analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and six have assigned a buy rating to the company. The company has a consensus rating of “Buy” and an average target price of $67.75. In related news, Director Eric G. Johnson sold 16,599 shares of the stock in a transaction dated Friday, March 10th. The shares were sold at an average price of $69.18, for a total value of $1,148,318.82. Following the sale, the director now owns 9,254 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $640,191.72. The transaction was disclosed in a filing with the SEC, which can be accessed through this hyperlink. Also, Director Michael F. Mee sold 30,173 shares of the stock in a transaction dated Wednesday, May 10th. The stock was sold at an average price of $68.32, for a total transaction of $2,061,419.36. Following the completion of the sale, the director now directly owns 6,336 shares in the company, valued at approximately $432,875.52. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. In the last ninety days, insiders sold 82,367 shares of company stock worth $5,610,577. Corporate insiders own 1.41% of the company’s stock. Lincoln National Company Profile Lincoln National Corporation is a holding company, which operates insurance and retirement businesses through subsidiary companies. The Company sells a range of wealth protection, accumulation and retirement income products and solutions, through its business segments. The Company operates through four segments: Annuities segment, which offers fixed (including indexed) and variable annuities; Retirement Plan Services segment, which provides employers with retirement plan products and services; Life Insurance segment, which focuses on the creation and protection of wealth through life insurance products, and Group Protection, which offers principally group non-medical insurance products. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding LNC? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Lincoln National Co. (NYSE:LNC). Receive News & Ratings for Lincoln National Co. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Lincoln National Co. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Jeff Sessions Spoke of Resigning After Tensions Increase with Trump President Trump’s Tweets Complicate Already Complicated Week World Leaders Very Critical of Paris Agreement Decision by Trump Aide to President Trump Resigns With More Expected Scud-Class Missile Launched by North Korea © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home Privacy About Contributors Contact Headlines Markets M&A Analysts’ Updates Earnings Health & Biotech Technology Land Securities Group plc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Land Securities Group plc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Recent Market News Toronto Dominion Bank Purchases 30,574 Shares of CA, Inc. (CA) Brokerages Set Mead Johnson Nutrition CO (MJN) Target Price at $84.36 Amicus Therapeutics, Inc. (FOLD) Earns Buy Rating from Chardan Capital DCT Industrial Trust Inc (DCT) Raised to Buy at Zacks Investment Research Cirrus Logic, Inc. (CRUS) Earns “Buy” Rating from Needham & Company LLC UMH Properties (UMH) Given Daily Media Impact Rating of 0.13 Universal Health Services (UHS) Earning Positive News Coverage, Analysis Finds Somewhat Favorable Media Coverage Somewhat Unlikely to Affect United Fire Group (UFCS) Stock Price Ropes Wealth Advisors LLC Boosts Stake in Corning Incorporated (GLW) Favorable Media Coverage Extremely Likely to Affect Corelogic (CLGX) Share Price Somewhat Positive Press Coverage Extremely Likely to Impact SYNNEX (SNX) Stock Price Somewhat Positive News Coverage Extremely Likely to Impact Rocket Fuel (FUEL) Stock Price Cogent Communications Holdings (CCOI) Given Daily Media Sentiment Score of 0.07 Positive News Coverage Extremely Likely to Impact CV Holdings (CBF) Stock Price InterContinental Hotels Group PLC (IHG) Price Target Cut to GBX 4,500 by Analysts at Credit Suisse Group AG Clean Energy Fuels Corp (CLNE) Stock Rating Lowered by ValuEngine Capstone Turbine Co. (CPST) Stock Rating Lowered by ValuEngine Unitil (UTL) Earning Somewhat Favorable Media Coverage, Report Finds Cara Therapeutics Inc (CARA) Stock Rating Upgraded by ValuEngine CymaBay Therapeutics Inc (CBAY) Stock Rating Upgraded by ValuEngine Land Securities Group plc (LAND) Cut to Neutral at JPMorgan Chase & Co. June 4th, 2017 - By Renee Jackson - 0 comments Filed Under: Finance Land Securities Group plc (LON:LAND) was downgraded by investment analysts at JPMorgan Chase & Co. to a “neutral” rating in a report issued on Friday, May 19th. They presently have a GBX 1,200 ($15.41) price target on the stock, down from their prior price target of GBX 1,250 ($16.06). JPMorgan Chase & Co.’s price target indicates a potential upside of 11.73% from the stock’s current price. Other analysts also recently issued research reports about the company. Peel Hunt restated an “add” rating and issued a GBX 1,150 ($14.77) target price on shares of Land Securities Group plc in a research report on Thursday, May 18th. Goldman Sachs Group Inc upgraded Land Securities Group plc to a “buy” rating and set a GBX 1,238 ($15.90) target price for the company in a research report on Wednesday, January 25th. Liberum Capital reiterated a “hold” rating and issued a GBX 950 ($12.20) price objective on shares of Land Securities Group plc in a research report on Friday, March 24th. Jefferies Group LLC reiterated a “hold” rating and issued a GBX 950 ($12.20) price objective on shares of Land Securities Group plc in a research report on Tuesday, March 14th. Finally, Canaccord Genuity downgraded Land Securities Group plc to a “hold” rating and lowered their price objective for the company from GBX 1,115 ($14.32) to GBX 1,075 ($13.81) in a research report on Friday, February 17th. Two investment analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, ten have given a hold rating and two have assigned a buy rating to the stock. The stock presently has an average rating of “Hold” and a consensus price target of GBX 1,080.07 ($13.87). Get Land Securities Group plc alerts: Land Securities Group plc (LON:LAND) opened at 1074.00 on Friday. Land Securities Group plc has a one year low of GBX 810.00 and a one year high of GBX 1,209.00. The company has a 50-day moving average of GBX 1,104.43 and a 200-day moving average of GBX 1,047.98. The company’s market cap is GBX 8.49 billion. The company also recently declared a dividend, which will be paid on Friday, October 6th. Investors of record on Thursday, September 7th will be paid a GBX 9.85 ($0.13) dividend. The ex-dividend date is Thursday, September 7th. This represents a yield of 0.9%. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY NOTICE: This news story was posted by The Cerbat Gem and is the sole property of of The Cerbat Gem. If you are reading this news story on another publication, it was illegally copied and reposted in violation of U.S. and international copyright and trademark law. The legal version of this news story can be read at https://www.thecerbatgem.com/2017/06/04/land-securities-group-plc-land-downgraded-by-jpmorgan-chase-co-to-neutral-updated.html. In related news, insider Nicholas Cadbury bought 1,900 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction dated Tuesday, March 28th. The shares were purchased at an average cost of GBX 1,039 ($13.35) per share, with a total value of £19,741 ($25,357.74). Also, insider Martin F. Greenslade bought 6,000 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction dated Wednesday, March 29th. The stock was bought at an average cost of GBX 1,042 ($13.38) per share, for a total transaction of £62,520 ($80,308.29). About Land Securities Group plc Land Securities Group PLC is a United Kingdom-based holding company. The Company is a real estate investment trust (REIT). The Company operates through two segments: Retail Portfolio and the London Portfolio. The Company’s Retail Portfolio includes all the shopping centers and shops (excluding central London shops), hotels and leisure assets, and retail warehouse properties. Receive News & Stock Ratings for Land Securities Group plc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Land Securities Group plc and related stocks with our FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website   © The Cerbat Gem Investing News and Analysis 2012-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About Us | Our Contributors | Contact Us
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance JPMorgan Chase & Co. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for JPMorgan Chase & Co. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Analysts Expect AMC Entertainment Holdings Inc (AMC) Will Post Quarterly Sales of $1.35 Billion Scott Blair Edmonds Purchases 27,000 Shares of Photon Control Inc (PHO) Stock $25.33 Million in Sales Expected for Oxford Immunotec Global PLC (OXFD) This Quarter Steve Asakowicz Sells 382 Shares of Heska Corp (HSKA) Stock Zynga Inc (ZNGA) Director Ellen F. Siminoff Sells 12,000 Shares of Stock Altius Minerals Co. (ALS) Director James Digby Ronald Strauss Buys 4,000 Shares Lexagene Holdings Inc (LXG) Director Daryl Rebeck Acquires 50,000 Shares $404.83 Million in Sales Expected for Red Rock Resorts Inc (RRR) This Quarter ONE Gas Inc (OGS) Expected to Announce Quarterly Sales of $265.75 Million $536.79 Million in Sales Expected for Square Inc (SQ) This Quarter HollyFrontier Corp (HFC) Downgraded to “Sell” at Zacks Investment Research Tesoro Co. (TSO) Earns “Outperform” Rating from Cowen and Company Graco Inc. (GGG) Earns “Hold” Rating from Deutsche Bank AG Cowen and Company Reaffirms “Market Perform” Rating for Foot Locker, Inc. (FL) Western Forest Products Inc (WEF) Director Daniel Louis Nocente Acquires 20,000 Shares Sterling Bancorp (STL) Director Craig S. Thompson Sells 2,000 Shares North American Energy Partners Inc. (NOA) Insider North American Energy Partners Acquires 7,500 Shares Stephen D.A. Williams Buys 30,000 Shares of Western Forest Products Inc (WEF) Stock Analysts Expect Voyager Therapeutics Inc (VYGR) Will Announce Quarterly Sales of $3.24 Million Match Group Inc (MTCH) Expected to Post Quarterly Sales of $310.00 Million JPMorgan Chase & Co. (JPM) Stake Decreased by Bremer Trust National Association June 4th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Stacy Sanders Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Bremer Trust National Association reduced its stake in JPMorgan Chase & Co. (NYSE:JPM) by 10.0% during the first quarter, according to its most recent Form 13F filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission. The institutional investor owned 67,346 shares of the financial services provider’s stock after selling 7,513 shares during the period. JPMorgan Chase & Co. makes up approximately 1.6% of Bremer Trust National Association’s investment portfolio, making the stock its 6th largest position. Bremer Trust National Association’s holdings in JPMorgan Chase & Co. were worth $5,916,000 as of its most recent SEC filing. A number of other large investors have also made changes to their positions in JPM. Pacific Center for Financial Services acquired a new stake in shares of JPMorgan Chase & Co. during the fourth quarter valued at about $106,000. Northwest Quadrant Wealth Management LLC acquired a new stake in shares of JPMorgan Chase & Co. during the fourth quarter valued at about $125,000. Thomas J. Herzfeld Advisors Inc. acquired a new stake in shares of JPMorgan Chase & Co. during the fourth quarter valued at about $125,000. Glacier Peak Capital LLC acquired a new stake in shares of JPMorgan Chase & Co. during the fourth quarter valued at about $129,000. Finally, Tortoise Investment Management LLC increased its stake in shares of JPMorgan Chase & Co. by 434.9% in the fourth quarter. Tortoise Investment Management LLC now owns 1,578 shares of the financial services provider’s stock valued at $136,000 after buying an additional 1,283 shares in the last quarter. 73.65% of the stock is owned by hedge funds and other institutional investors. Shares of JPMorgan Chase & Co. (NYSE JPM) opened at 82.64 on Friday. The firm has a 50 day moving average price of $85.91 and a 200-day moving average price of $86.27. JPMorgan Chase & Co. has a 12 month low of $57.05 and a 12 month high of $93.98. The company has a market cap of $293.56 billion, a P/E ratio of 12.72 and a beta of 1.49. JPMorgan Chase & Co. also saw some unusual options trading on Thursday. Traders bought 36,484 call options on the stock. This is an increase of approximately 106% compared to the typical daily volume of 17,696 call options. JPMorgan Chase & Co. (NYSE:JPM) last posted its earnings results on Thursday, April 13th. The financial services provider reported $1.65 EPS for the quarter, beating the consensus estimate of $1.52 by $0.13. JPMorgan Chase & Co. had a return on equity of 10.91% and a net margin of 23.45%. The company had revenue of $25.59 billion for the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $24.40 billion. During the same quarter in the prior year, the business earned $1.35 earnings per share. The firm’s revenue for the quarter was up 6.2% on a year-over-year basis. Analysts anticipate that JPMorgan Chase & Co. will post $6.69 earnings per share for the current fiscal year. The company also recently announced a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Monday, July 31st. Stockholders of record on Thursday, July 6th will be given a $0.50 dividend. This represents a $2.00 annualized dividend and a dividend yield of 2.42%. The ex-dividend date is Monday, July 3rd. JPMorgan Chase & Co.’s payout ratio is 31.02%. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION WARNING: “JPMorgan Chase & Co. (JPM) Stake Decreased by Bremer Trust National Association” was originally posted by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are accessing this article on another site, it was copied illegally and reposted in violation of U.S. & international copyright laws. The correct version of this article can be accessed at https://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/06/04/jpmorgan-chase-co-jpm-stake-decreased-by-bremer-trust-national-association.html. Several brokerages have weighed in on JPM. Instinet reaffirmed a “neutral” rating and issued a $84.00 target price (down from $87.00) on shares of JPMorgan Chase & Co. in a research report on Saturday. BMO Capital Markets reaffirmed a “hold” rating and issued a $85.00 target price on shares of JPMorgan Chase & Co. in a research report on Thursday. Vetr lowered JPMorgan Chase & Co. from a “strong-buy” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $99.01 target price on the stock. in a research report on Wednesday, April 26th. Jefferies Group LLC reaffirmed a “buy” rating and issued a $94.00 target price on shares of JPMorgan Chase & Co. in a research report on Wednesday, March 8th. Finally, Keefe, Bruyette & Woods reaffirmed a “market perform” rating and issued a $47.00 target price on shares of JPMorgan Chase & Co. in a research report on Friday, April 14th. Two equities research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, twelve have assigned a hold rating and twenty-one have assigned a buy rating to the company’s stock. JPMorgan Chase & Co. has an average rating of “Buy” and a consensus target price of $80.46. In other news, insider Ashley Bacon sold 6,514 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Thursday, May 11th. The stock was sold at an average price of $87.21, for a total value of $568,085.94. Following the transaction, the insider now owns 47,384 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $4,132,358.64. The transaction was disclosed in a document filed with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is available through the SEC website. Also, General Counsel Stacey Friedman sold 10,792 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Monday, April 17th. The shares were sold at an average price of $85.07, for a total value of $918,075.44. Following the completion of the transaction, the general counsel now directly owns 63,344 shares in the company, valued at approximately $5,388,674.08. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Insiders sold 20,711 shares of company stock worth $1,775,791 in the last ninety days. 0.85% of the stock is owned by company insiders. About JPMorgan Chase & Co. JPMorgan Chase & Co is a financial holding company. The Company is engaged in investment banking, financial services. It operates in four segments, as well as a Corporate segment. Its segments are Consumer & Community Banking, Corporate & Investment Bank, Commercial Banking and Asset Management. The Consumer & Community Banking segment offers services to consumers and businesses through bank branches, automatic teller machines (ATMs), online, mobile and telephone banking. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding JPM? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for JPMorgan Chase & Co. (NYSE:JPM). Receive News & Ratings for JPMorgan Chase & Co. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for JPMorgan Chase & Co. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Trump’s Tweets Complicate Already Complicated Week World Leaders Very Critical of Paris Agreement Decision by Trump Aide to President Trump Resigns With More Expected Scud-Class Missile Launched by North Korea Travel Ban Dealt Another Blow by Appeals Court © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance JPMorgan Chase & Co. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for JPMorgan Chase & Co. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Analyzing Global Eagle Entertainment (ENT) & Comcast (CMCSK) CIGNA Co. (CI) Upgraded to Buy at ValuEngine Kopin (KOPN) versus Qorvo (QRVO) Financial Contrast Pacer Advisors Inc. Has $339,000 Stake in Regions Financial Corp (RF) Buckingham Capital Management Inc. Reduces Position in Delta Air Lines, Inc. (DAL) Illumina, Inc. (ILMN) Shares Bought by Nordea Investment Management AB Casey's General Stores Inc (CASY) Stake Boosted by Nordea Investment Management AB 25,494 Shares in Weibo Corp (WB) Acquired by Nordea Investment Management AB Tortoise Investment Management LLC Sells 765 Shares of Delta Air Lines, Inc. (DAL) Mason Street Advisors LLC Purchases 520 Shares of BancorpSouth, Inc. (BXS) Pacer Advisors Inc. Purchases 44 Shares of Essex Property Trust Inc (ESS) Pacer Advisors Inc. Purchases 1,080 Shares of Clean Harbors Inc (CLH) Pacer Advisors Inc. Purchases New Position in Science Applications International Corp (SAIC) Pacer Advisors Inc. Has $338,000 Stake in Ciena Co. (CIEN) Envestnet Asset Management Inc. Sells 624 Shares of ICU Medical (ICUI) Mercantile Bank Corp. (MBWM) Expected to Announce Quarterly Sales of $31.16 Million Tata Motors Limited (TTM) Earns News Sentiment Rating of -0.07 USD Partners (USDP) Earning Somewhat Negative News Coverage, AlphaOne Reports Parke Bancorp (PKBK) Getting Somewhat Negative Media Coverage, Study Shows Dwight D. Churchill Sells 3,277 Shares of Affiliated Managers Group, Inc. (AMG) Stock JPMorgan Chase & Co. (JPM) Rating Reiterated by Instinet June 3rd, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Stacy Sanders Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Finance Tweet JPMorgan Chase & Co. (NYSE:JPM)‘s stock had its “neutral” rating reaffirmed by equities researchers at Instinet in a note issued to investors on Saturday. They currently have a $84.00 price objective on the financial services provider’s stock, down from their prior price objective of $87.00. Instinet’s price target would indicate a potential upside of 1.65% from the stock’s current price. JPM has been the topic of several other research reports. Daiwa Capital Markets raised JPMorgan Chase & Co. from a “hold” rating to an “outperform” rating in a report on Tuesday, February 7th. BMO Capital Markets reissued a “hold” rating on shares of JPMorgan Chase & Co. in a research note on Wednesday, March 1st. Credit Suisse Group AG boosted their target price on shares of JPMorgan Chase & Co. to $99.00 and gave the company a “buy” rating in a research note on Wednesday, March 15th. Rafferty Capital Markets reissued a “buy” rating and set a $97.00 target price (up from $96.00) on shares of JPMorgan Chase & Co. in a research note on Tuesday, March 21st. Finally, Barclays PLC reissued an “overweight” rating and set a $100.00 target price on shares of JPMorgan Chase & Co. in a research note on Monday, March 20th. Two equities research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, twelve have assigned a hold rating and twenty-one have given a buy rating to the stock. The company currently has a consensus rating of “Buy” and an average price target of $80.46. Shares of JPMorgan Chase & Co. (NYSE JPM) traded down 0.51% during midday trading on Friday, reaching $82.64. The company’s stock had a trading volume of 14,998,489 shares. The stock has a market capitalization of $293.56 billion, a PE ratio of 12.72 and a beta of 1.49. JPMorgan Chase & Co. has a 12 month low of $57.05 and a 12 month high of $93.98. The stock’s 50 day moving average is $85.91 and its 200 day moving average is $86.27. JPMorgan Chase & Co. also saw some unusual options trading on Wednesday. Traders purchased 44,646 put options on the stock. This is an increase of approximately 180% compared to the average volume of 15,943 put options. JPMorgan Chase & Co. (NYSE:JPM) last posted its quarterly earnings results on Thursday, April 13th. The financial services provider reported $1.65 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, beating the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of $1.52 by $0.13. The company had revenue of $25.59 billion for the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $24.40 billion. JPMorgan Chase & Co. had a return on equity of 10.91% and a net margin of 23.45%. The firm’s revenue was up 6.2% on a year-over-year basis. During the same quarter in the prior year, the company earned $1.35 earnings per share. On average, analysts forecast that JPMorgan Chase & Co. will post $6.69 EPS for the current fiscal year. The business also recently disclosed a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Monday, July 31st. Stockholders of record on Thursday, July 6th will be given a dividend of $0.50 per share. This represents a $2.00 dividend on an annualized basis and a dividend yield of 2.42%. The ex-dividend date is Monday, July 3rd. JPMorgan Chase & Co.’s dividend payout ratio is currently 31.02%. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION NOTICE: This report was first reported by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are accessing this report on another publication, it was illegally stolen and republished in violation of US & international copyright and trademark legislation. The original version of this report can be accessed at https://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/06/03/jpmorgan-chase-co-jpm-rating-reiterated-by-instinet.html. In related news, insider Ashley Bacon sold 6,514 shares of the stock in a transaction dated Thursday, May 11th. The shares were sold at an average price of $87.21, for a total value of $568,085.94. Following the completion of the transaction, the insider now owns 47,384 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $4,132,358.64. The transaction was disclosed in a document filed with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is accessible through the SEC website. Also, COO Matthew E. Zames sold 3,405 shares of the stock in a transaction dated Monday, April 17th. The stock was sold at an average price of $85.06, for a total transaction of $289,629.30. Following the completion of the transaction, the chief operating officer now directly owns 329,019 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $27,986,356.14. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Insiders have sold 20,711 shares of company stock valued at $1,775,791 in the last ninety days. 0.85% of the stock is owned by company insiders. Hedge funds and other institutional investors have recently bought and sold shares of the company. Seaward Management Limited Partnership raised its position in JPMorgan Chase & Co. by 0.6% in the first quarter. Seaward Management Limited Partnership now owns 565,968 shares of the financial services provider’s stock valued at $49,714,000 after buying an additional 3,572 shares during the period. Patten Group Inc. raised its position in JPMorgan Chase & Co. by 0.8% in the first quarter. Patten Group Inc. now owns 32,517 shares of the financial services provider’s stock valued at $2,802,000 after buying an additional 256 shares during the period. Piedmont Investment Advisors LLC raised its position in JPMorgan Chase & Co. by 0.9% in the first quarter. Piedmont Investment Advisors LLC now owns 773,081 shares of the financial services provider’s stock valued at $67,907,000 after buying an additional 6,680 shares during the period. S. R. Schill & Associates raised its position in JPMorgan Chase & Co. by 20.0% in the first quarter. S. R. Schill & Associates now owns 9,705 shares of the financial services provider’s stock valued at $852,000 after buying an additional 1,617 shares during the period. Finally, Skandinaviska Enskilda Banken AB publ raised its position in JPMorgan Chase & Co. by 16.8% in the first quarter. Skandinaviska Enskilda Banken AB publ now owns 1,052,597 shares of the financial services provider’s stock valued at $92,460,000 after buying an additional 151,563 shares during the period. 73.65% of the stock is owned by hedge funds and other institutional investors. JPMorgan Chase & Co. Company Profile JPMorgan Chase & Co is a financial holding company. The Company is engaged in investment banking, financial services. It operates in four segments, as well as a Corporate segment. Its segments are Consumer & Community Banking, Corporate & Investment Bank, Commercial Banking and Asset Management. The Consumer & Community Banking segment offers services to consumers and businesses through bank branches, automatic teller machines (ATMs), online, mobile and telephone banking. Receive News & Ratings for JPMorgan Chase & Co. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for JPMorgan Chase & Co. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Jeff Sessions Spoke of Resigning After Tensions Increase with Trump President Trump’s Tweets Complicate Already Complicated Week World Leaders Very Critical of Paris Agreement Decision by Trump Aide to President Trump Resigns With More Expected Scud-Class Missile Launched by North Korea © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
X Edition: United States Business Business Home Legal Deals Aerospace & Defense Finance Autos Reuters Summits ADventures Data Dive Markets Markets Home U.S. Markets European Markets Asian Markets Global Market Data Stocks Bonds Currencies Commodities Futures Funds Earnings Dividends World World Home U.S. Special Reports Reuters Investigates Euro Zone Middle East China Japan Mexico Brazil Africa Russia India Politics Politics Home Polling Explorer Live: U.S. Politics Supreme Court Tech Technology Home Science Top 100 Global Innovators Media Environment Innovation Commentary Commentary Home Podcasts Breakingviews Breakingviews Home Breakingviews Video Money Money Home Retirement Lipper Awards Analyst Research Stock Screener Fund Screener Life Health Sports Arts Entertainment Oddly Enough Pictures Pictures Home The Wider Image Photographers Focus 360 Video Credit Suisse hires Rapkin for healthcare investment banking Africa América Latina عربي Argentina Brasil Canada 中国 Deutschland España France India Italia 日本 México РОССИЯ United Kingdom United States Intel | Mon Jun 5, 2017 | 7:12pm EDT Credit Suisse hires Rapkin for healthcare investment banking By Carl O'Donnell Credit Suisse Group AG has hired Cory Rapkin as vice chairman in the healthcare group of its investment banking and capital markets division, according to an internal memo seen by Reuters and confirmed by a spokesman from Credit Suisse. Rapkin, who was previously with JPMorgan Chase & Co, will work alongside David Kostel and Steve Schwartz to grow Credit Suisse's franchise in healthcare services, the memo said. He will be based in New York and will start in early September. Last year, two of Credit Suisse's healthcare managing directors, Stuart Smith and Michael Muntner, left for boutique investment bank Centerview Partners. Credit Suisse has been rapidly scaling up its healthcare franchise in recent years, making five senior level hires since 2015. Its healthcare team has been on some of the biggest deals in the sector so far this year, at a time when healthcare M&A has slowed considerably due to political uncertainty. Some of the deals Credit Suisse has advised on include inVentiv Health's $7.4 billion merger with INC Research Holdings Inc, Johnson & Johnson's $30 billion acquisition of Actelion, and Fresenius SE & Co's $4.3 billion acquisition of Akorn Inc. Rapkin spent more than a decade building up JP Morgan's healthcare services coverage, working with clients including UnitedHealth Group Inc, HCA Healthcare Inc and DaVita Inc. (Reporting by Carl O'Donnell in New York; Editing by Andrew Hay) Our Standards: The Thomson Reuters Trust Principles Next In Intel Myanmar journalists campaign for free speech outside Myanmar trial YANGON Myanmar journalists sporting "Freedom of the Press" arm-bands gathered on Thursday to campaign against a law they say curbs free speech, at the start of a trial of two journalists who the army is suing for defamation over a satirical article. Euro slips as ECB damps down inflation, tapering expectations LONDON The euro and European government bond yields fell on Thursday after the European Central Bank cut its forecasts for inflation and ECB chief Mario Draghi said policymakers had not discussed scaling back its massive bond-buying program. MORE FROM REUTERS Sponsored Content From Around the WebPromoted by Revcontent Trending Stories Pictures Photos of the day Sponsored Topics X Follow Reuters: Follow Us On Twitter Follow Us On Facebook Follow Us On RSS Follow Us On Instagram Follow Us On YouTube Follow Us On LinkedIn Subscribe: Feeds | Newsletters | Podcasts | Apps Reuters News Agency | Brand Attribution Guidelines | Careers Reuters is the news and media division of Thomson Reuters. Thomson Reuters is the world's largest international multimedia news agency, providing investing news, world news, business news, technology news, headline news, small business news, news alerts, personal finance, stock market, and mutual funds information available on Reuters.com, video, mobile, and interactive television platforms. Learn more about Thomson Reuters products: Eikon Information, analytics and exclusive news on financial markets - delivered in an intuitive desktop and mobile interface Elektron Everything you need to empower your workflow and enhance your enterprise data management World-Check Screen for heightened risk individual and entities globally to help uncover hidden risks in business relationships and human networks Westlaw Build the strongest argument relying on authoritative content, attorney-editor expertise, and industry defining technology ONESOURCE The most comprehensive solution to manage all your complex and ever-expanding tax and compliance needs CHECKPOINT The industry leader for online information for tax, accounting and finance professionals All quotes delayed a minimum of 15 minutes. See here for a complete list of exchanges and delays. Site Feedback Corrections Advertising Guidelines Cookies Terms of Use Privacy Policy
Home Macau Our Team Editorial Statute Code of Ethics Archive Archive 2009-2014 Archive 2007-2009 Contacts Extra Times Drive In Book It tTunes Features World of Bacchus Taste of Edesia Search for: FOUNDER & PUBLISHER Kowie Geldenhuys EDITOR-IN-CHIEF Paulo Coutinho Macau, Macau Forum Business China Asia World Sports Interview Editorial Opinion Photo Shop DAILY EDITION 15 hours ago Thursday, June 8, 2017 – edition no. 2818 EXTRA TIMES 7 days ago Australia | Coral vs Coal OTHER ARTICLES Heritage | New Macau slams gov’t for failing to respond to UNESCO UK general election British nationals in Macau prefer May, but only just Analysis | UK’s strange election about nothing On the front line | Contenders trade blows on last day of campaign Scott Chiang to keep leading New Macau until elections MDT LIVE TRACK FEED Live Traffic Stats LATEST COMMENTS rigg on Environment IACM spends MOP500,000 in educational farm Richard Whitfield on 150 years of Frank Lloyd Wright | Special tours of rare house Jon Fearon-Jones on Fast food chains continuously lure children in Macau and elsewhere Brian Johnson on Microsoft unveils new Surface Pro device to reverse sales drop Express News on This Day in History | 1981 – Bangladeshi president assassinated MDT MACAU GRAND PRIX SPECIAL SUBSCRIBE TO MDT NEWSLETTER Email * Home | Business | JPMorgan’s Dimon aiming for China venture with full control JPMorgan’s Dimon aiming for China venture with full control - Tuesday, June 6, 2017 - 3 days ago No Comments 729 Views Jamie Dimon JPMorgan Chase & Co. Chief Executive Officer Jamie Dimon, who in December agreed to exit a minority-owned Chinese investment-banking joint venture, said the U.S. bank is seeking to find a new structure that would eventually give it full control. “My longer-term dream is that we have, we own, 100 percent of something,” Dimon, 61, said yesterday in an interview with Bloomberg Television’s Stephen Engle in Beijing. The CEO said he’ll be patient in negotiations with Chinese regulators. The process “is complicated, so we respect that and we tell them what we’d like and hope it’ll happen.” JPMorgan moved to sell its stake in JPMorgan First Capital Securities late last year after six years in the venture. Its partner, First Capital Securities Co., was to buy out JPMorgan from its one-third stake for 307 million yuan (USD44 million at the time), the Chinese firm said in December. Since UBS Group AG and Goldman Sachs Group Inc. established Chinese joint ventures more than a decade ago, foreign banks have struggled to challenge local players. One competitive disadvantage is that Chinese rules limit them to minority stakes, reducing their sway over key decisions. China has made “huge progress” on market reforms, Dimon said, adding that he would like to increase his firm’s businesses in the nation. The firm’s businesses in China include corporate banking and stakes in a fund manager and in a commodities futures joint venture, according to the bank’s China website. JPMorgan said in February that it won approval to underwrite corporate bond sales in China’s interbank market. The issue of control contributed to JPMorgan’s decision to sell its stake in the First Capital venture, whose business included equity and debt underwriting and mergers advisory. “Joint ventures by nature have sloppy corporate governance,” Dimon said. Any new venture structure would have to allow JPMorgan “a certain amount of management control,” he said. China’s government in November said it’s committed to letting overseas banks own bigger stakes in securities and fund-management joint ventures in the country. The rule limiting offshore ownership to 49 percent will gradually be relaxed, the Ministry of Finance said at the time, adding that foreign investors’ participation can boost the industry’s competitiveness and global influence. Dimon said his bank would consider setting up a business in the Shanghai Free Trade Zone, without providing more specifics. The Shanghai FTZ is studying allowing foreign investments in financial institutions to exceed current caps, Zheng Yang, the city’s financial services office director, said in June last year, without giving a timetable for any changes. As China’s leaders remain on track with financial and trade reforms, Dimon said he sees full yuan convertibility in the next five to 10 years. “Twenty years from now, they will house 35 percent of the Fortune 3000 and we should go for that,” Dimon said. “They’ve made huge progress in reforms, financial reforms, market reforms.” When asked if he intended to stay on Donald Trump’s business advisory council after the U.S. president announced his intention to pull his country out of the Paris climate pact, Dimon said: “I am an American patriot and I want to help the president of the United States,” adding that he didn’t want to “overreact” to the issue. On Friday, Dimon said he “absolutely” disagreed with Trump’s administration on the issue, but said there was a responsibility to engage elected officials “to work constructively and advocate for policies that improve people’s lives and protect our environment.” Trump’s call on Paris prompted Walt Disney Co. CEO Bob Iger and Tesla Inc. founder Elon Musk to withdraw from a presidential jobs panel. Bloomberg Share this: Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Related Categories Business Share This Post Related Posts Corporate bits | MGM launches art workshops Air China swoops into Zurich in wake of Chinese takeover spree Electric car market goes zero to 2 million in five years Record London skyscraper values mask first property wobbles No Comments Cancel Reply Notify me of follow-up comments by email. Notify me of new posts by email. Copyright © Macau Daily Times 2008-2017. All Rights Reserved Contact our Administrator Contact our Director Contacts Contact for Subscriptions and Issues Contact Our Advertising Department Contact Our Managing Editor Contact Our Newsroom Contact Our Newsroom Secretary Home Our Team Search results Editorial Statute Code of Ethics
Finance BI Intelligence Events Trending Tech Insider Finance Politics Strategy Life Sports Video All × From To You have successfully emailed the post. × 
     

 The biggest risk to the global economy, according to PIMCO Ciro Scotti, The Fiscal Times Jun. 5, 2017, 7:06 PM 2,190 facebook linkedin twitter email print NEW YORK - MARCH 17: Traders work the floor of the New York Stock Exchange on March 17, 2008 in New York City. Stocks have been volatile on Wall Street following news of JP Morgan Chase acquisition of Bear, Stearns & Co, for $2 a share, with help of $30 billion in financing of Bear, Stearns assets from the U.S. Federal Reserve. (Photo by Michael Nagle/Getty Images) Michael Nagle/Getty Images What is the biggest risk to the global economy on the horizon? According to the recent forum on worldwide markets hosted by the investment firm Pimco, it is not the planet-wide trade war that was feared when candidate Donald Trump talked about canceling agreements, bailing out of the World Trade Organization and slapping tariffs on imports from countries accused of cheating. Instead, it’s a face-off between America and one of its largest trading partners, China. The forum in May featured speakers such as former House Speaker and Trump supporter Newt Gingrich, former Treasury Secretary Larry Summers and former U.S. Ambassador to China Gary Locke. Distilling what was said, a Pimco report released last week offered this: “Perhaps the central risk scenario is not the outbreak of a global trade war with the U.S. unilaterally withdrawing from the World Trade Organization (WTO), but rather a high-stakes bilateral trade renegotiation between the U.S. and China outside of the WTO dispute settlement forum, a process U.S. Trade Representative Robert Lighthizer calls ‘derogation.’” Certainly, the American-Sino relationship has become ever more complicated in the Age of Trump. Even as the president and his chief strategist Steve Bannon move the U.S. toward “America First” and “economic nationalism,” China is trying to position itself as a champion of economic globalization. Wikimedia Commons In January at the World Economic Forum in Davos, Chinese President Xi Jinping made his bid to fill the gap seemingly being vacated by the about-to-be inaugurated American president. “That a leader of the People’s Republic of China can stake a claim to the mantle of leadership in the realm of free trade speaks to the unforeseen, even surreal alteration of the global order in recent months,” The New York Times wrote. Last week, Xi followed up on his quest to be taken seriously as the most powerful voice for globalization by reaffirming China’s commitment to the Paris climate change agreement. “As the Trump administration has stepped back from America’s traditional role of dominance on trade and development, China has filled the vacuum, expanding its ever-growing footprint across the globe on everything from new roads and ports to bank loans and energy projects,” an AP story said, pointing to Beijing’s creation of a competitor to the World Bank. In addition, by abandoning the Trans-Pacific Partnership agreement negotiated by the Obama administration, President Trump may have contributed to China’s expanding hegemony in Asia. So how big a threat is the prospect of a trade confrontation between the U.S. and China? As the Pimco report pointed out, “China … runs a large bilateral trade surplus with the U.S., so it would have an incentive to bargain as it would face a threat of lost access to the U.S. market.” On the other hand, it said, America “would be vulnerable as well to a Chinese response against U.S. companies, as well as to the risk that China devalues the yuan and/or unloads its massive holdings of U.S. Treasuries.” Donald Trump and Xi Jinping. Carlos Barria/Reuters At the same time, the White House needs Beijing’s influence to keep a lid on the nuclear ambitions of the rogue regime in North Korea, and Trump and Xi seemed to have forged a personal relationship in their meeting at Mar-a-Lago in April. “In sum,” Pimco said, “we see a left-tail risk that a China-U.S. trade renegotiation could turn inflammatory, with risk of miscalculation on both sides and the attendant negative externalities rippling through the global economy and financial markets.” Still, Pimco cautioned, the Trump administration is still in its early days and there are few details about what an “America First” trade policy actually entails. It said corporate tax reform, infrastructure spending, and “trade deals that open markets, protect intellectual property and encourage firms to invest in the U.S.” could all be a plus for growth. But while the takeaway from the Pimco forum was that a global trade war is unlikely, others are not so sure, especially in light of the U.S. withdrawal from the Paris accords. Jeff Schott, a senior fellow at the Peterson Institute for International Economics, suggested to CNN Money that other countries could eventually use a carbon tariff on U.S. goods to retaliate against America for withdrawing from the 195-nation agreement. The tariff might rise in relation to the amount of carbon emitted in the making of a product. "If any country introduces a carbon tariff, there's a risk other countries could impose restrictions of their own," Chief Economist Gregor Irwin of the risk advisory firm Global Counsel told CNN Money. "You just risk getting embroiled in a good old-fashioned trade war." This story was originally published by  The Fiscal Times. More from The Fiscal Times: SEE ALSO: There's a crack of light for the British economy — regardless of this week's terrible data NOW WATCH: Here's why the American flag is reversed on military uniforms Loading video... More: The Fiscal Times Economy Xi Jinping World Economic Forum US Economy and Markets facebook linkedin twitter email print × Recommended For You Powered by Sailthru The biggest risk to the global economy, according to PIMCO The biggest risk to the global economy, according to PIMCO What is the biggest risk to the global economy... Recommended For You Disclaimer Featured HENRY BLODGET: This chart explains everything that's wrong with the economy today More "The Bottom Line" » First job, first car, first apartment: The smartest things to do with your money in your 20s More "Life Plan" » Finance Emails & Alerts Get the best of Business Insider delivered to your inbox every day. Sign-Up Get the Slide Deck from Henry Blodget's IGNITION Presentation on the Future of Digital     Read Business Insider On The Go Available on iOS or Android Find A Job Tech Jobs C-Level Jobs Media Jobs Design Jobs Finance Jobs Sales Jobs See All Jobs » Thanks to our partners Follow us on: Also check out: * Copyright © 2017 Business Insider Inc. All rights reserved. Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. Disclaimer Commerce Policy Made in NYC Stock quotes by finanzen.net International Editions: UK DE AUS ID IN MY SG PL SE NL FR IT JP
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance VWR Corp - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for VWR Corp with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Selective Insurance Group (SIGI) Shares Bought by Chartwell Investment Partners LLC VWR Corp (VWR) Position Boosted by Chartwell Investment Partners LLC Mattress Firm Holding Corp (MFRM) Earning Favorable Media Coverage, Study Finds Microvision (MVIS) Earning Somewhat Positive Media Coverage, Study Shows MTS Systems (MTSC) Earns Daily Media Sentiment Score of 0.09 Somewhat Favorable News Coverage Very Likely to Affect Preformed Line Products Company (PLPC) Stock Price Positive News Coverage Very Likely to Impact Patrick Industries (PATK) Stock Price Somewhat Positive News Coverage Very Likely to Affect Mannatech (MTEX) Share Price Leucadia National Corp Invests $3.01 Million in Liberty Global plc – Class A (LBTYA) Versum Materials Inc (VSM) Shares Bought by Wexford Capital LP Wexford Capital LP Buys 196,921 Shares of AerCap Holdings (AER) Leucadia National Corp Lowers Stake in Westar Energy Inc (WR) Wexford Capital LP Invests $1.04 Million in TCP Capital Corp (TCPC) Analysts Set Medley Capital Corp (MCC) Price Target at $7.38 Netflix, Inc. (NFLX) Director Richard N. Barton Sells 2,000 Shares of Stock IXYS Co. (IXYS) Director S Joon Lee Sells 20,000 Shares of Stock 7,000 Shares in Franklin Covey Co. (FC) Acquired by Woodmont Investment Counsel LLC Woodmont Investment Counsel LLC Has $358,000 Stake in American National BankShares Inc (AMNB) Pictet & Cie Europe SA Has $2.38 Million Stake in WABCO Holdings Inc. (WBC) Fiduciary Group LLC Holds Stake in AllianceBernstein Holding LP (AB) VWR Corp (VWR) Position Boosted by Chartwell Investment Partners LLC June 5th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Patrick Bannon Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Chartwell Investment Partners LLC raised its stake in VWR Corp (NASDAQ:VWR) by 0.2% during the first quarter, according to its most recent Form 13F filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission. The firm owned 598,771 shares of the medical research company’s stock after buying an additional 1,350 shares during the period. Chartwell Investment Partners LLC’s holdings in VWR Corp were worth $16,885,000 as of its most recent filing with the SEC. Other hedge funds and other institutional investors have also made changes to their positions in the company. Harris Associates L P increased its position in VWR Corp by 43.3% in the first quarter. Harris Associates L P now owns 5,250,960 shares of the medical research company’s stock valued at $148,077,000 after buying an additional 1,587,214 shares in the last quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. increased its position in VWR Corp by 79.2% in the first quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 4,531,105 shares of the medical research company’s stock valued at $127,777,000 after buying an additional 2,002,306 shares in the last quarter. Acadian Asset Management LLC increased its position in VWR Corp by 16.7% in the first quarter. Acadian Asset Management LLC now owns 4,438,055 shares of the medical research company’s stock valued at $125,152,000 after buying an additional 635,873 shares in the last quarter. FMR LLC increased its position in VWR Corp by 0.3% in the first quarter. FMR LLC now owns 2,410,978 shares of the medical research company’s stock valued at $67,990,000 after buying an additional 7,700 shares in the last quarter. Finally, Russell Investments Group Ltd. increased its position in VWR Corp by 6.5% in the first quarter. Russell Investments Group Ltd. now owns 1,621,412 shares of the medical research company’s stock valued at $45,723,000 after buying an additional 98,793 shares in the last quarter. VWR Corp (NASDAQ VWR) traded up 0.12% during trading on Monday, hitting $33.00. The stock had a trading volume of 953,037 shares. The stock’s 50-day moving average is $31.30 and its 200 day moving average is $27.68. VWR Corp has a one year low of $24.42 and a one year high of $37.25. The firm has a market cap of $4.35 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 29.46 and a beta of 1.13. VWR Corp (NASDAQ:VWR) last released its earnings results on Friday, May 5th. The medical research company reported $0.44 EPS for the quarter, beating the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of $0.41 by $0.03. The firm had revenue of $1.14 billion during the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $1.11 billion. VWR Corp had a return on equity of 16.06% and a net margin of 3.89%. The business’s quarterly revenue was up 3.7% compared to the same quarter last year. During the same period in the prior year, the firm posted $0.40 earnings per share. Equities analysts anticipate that VWR Corp will post $1.83 earnings per share for the current year. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION WARNING: This story was first reported by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are accessing this story on another website, it was illegally stolen and republished in violation of United States and international copyright & trademark laws. The original version of this story can be viewed at https://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/06/05/vwr-corp-vwr-position-boosted-by-chartwell-investment-partners-llc.html. Several research analysts recently commented on the company. Zacks Investment Research downgraded VWR Corp from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating in a research note on Monday. William Blair cut VWR Corp from an “outperform” rating to a “market perform” rating in a report on Monday, May 15th. TheStreet upgraded VWR Corp from a “c” rating to a “b-” rating in a report on Wednesday, April 19th. Finally, Jefferies Group LLC upped their target price on VWR Corp from $31.00 to $32.00 and gave the company a “buy” rating in a report on Monday, February 27th. One equities research analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, five have assigned a hold rating and three have issued a buy rating to the stock. The stock currently has a consensus rating of “Hold” and an average price target of $32.67. About VWR Corp VWR Corporation is a provider of product and service solutions to laboratory and production customers. The Company offers a portfolio of branded and private label laboratory products, services and solutions to the life science, general research and applied markets. The Company operates in two segments: Americas and EMEA-APAC. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding VWR? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for VWR Corp (NASDAQ:VWR). Receive News & Ratings for VWR Corp Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for VWR Corp and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Trump’s Tweets Complicate Already Complicated Week World Leaders Very Critical of Paris Agreement Decision by Trump Aide to President Trump Resigns With More Expected Scud-Class Missile Launched by North Korea Travel Ban Dealt Another Blow by Appeals Court © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Franklin Covey Co. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Franklin Covey Co. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News 7,000 Shares in Franklin Covey Co. (FC) Acquired by Woodmont Investment Counsel LLC Woodmont Investment Counsel LLC Has $358,000 Stake in American National BankShares Inc (AMNB) Pictet & Cie Europe SA Has $2.38 Million Stake in WABCO Holdings Inc. (WBC) Fiduciary Group LLC Holds Stake in AllianceBernstein Holding LP (AB) Princeton Portfolio Strategies Group LLC Purchases Shares of 7,700 Discovery Communications Inc. (DISCA) AstraZeneca plc (AZN) Stake Lowered by Pictet North America Advisors SA Marco Investment Management LLC Has $279,000 Stake in Keryx Biopharmaceuticals (KERX) RGT Capital Management Ltd. Reduces Stake in Kirby Co. (KEX) RGT Capital Management Ltd. Has $344,000 Position in HFF, Inc. (HF) RGT Capital Management Ltd. Acquires New Position in Tyler Technologies, Inc. (TYL) 4,292 Shares in Copart, Inc. (CPRT) Acquired by RGT Capital Management Ltd. Primerica, Inc. (PRI) Stake Held by RGT Capital Management Ltd. RGT Capital Management Ltd. Maintains Stake in CDW Corp (CDW) Berry Global Group Inc (BERY) Shares Bought by Fifth Third Bancorp Fifth Third Bancorp Has $20.15 Million Stake in Allegion PLC (ALLE) Northfield Bancorp, Inc. (NFBK) CEO John Wade Alexander Sells 20,000 Shares of Stock Cisco Systems, Inc. (CSCO) Receives $35.12 Average Target Price from Analysts Meritage Homes Corp (MTH) vs. M.D.C. Holdings (MDC) Head-To-Head Survey Somewhat Positive Press Coverage Somewhat Unlikely to Impact Exponent (EXPO) Stock Price EQT (EQT) Receives Daily Media Sentiment Rating of 0.26 7,000 Shares in Franklin Covey Co. (FC) Acquired by Woodmont Investment Counsel LLC June 5th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Patrick Bannon Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Woodmont Investment Counsel LLC bought a new position in shares of Franklin Covey Co. (NYSE:FC) during the first quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The institutional investor bought 7,000 shares of the business services provider’s stock, valued at approximately $141,000. A number of other hedge funds and other institutional investors have also recently modified their holdings of FC. Modera Wealth Management LLC purchased a new position in shares of Franklin Covey during the first quarter worth approximately $520,000. California Public Employees Retirement System purchased a new position in shares of Franklin Covey during the first quarter worth approximately $210,000. American International Group Inc. increased its position in shares of Franklin Covey by 7.3% in the first quarter. American International Group Inc. now owns 6,300 shares of the business services provider’s stock worth $127,000 after buying an additional 427 shares during the period. JPMorgan Chase & Co. increased its position in shares of Franklin Covey by 0.7% in the first quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 231,971 shares of the business services provider’s stock worth $4,686,000 after buying an additional 1,572 shares during the period. Finally, Bank of New York Mellon Corp increased its position in shares of Franklin Covey by 3.5% in the first quarter. Bank of New York Mellon Corp now owns 78,590 shares of the business services provider’s stock worth $1,587,000 after buying an additional 2,646 shares during the period. Hedge funds and other institutional investors own 57.17% of the company’s stock. Franklin Covey Co. (FC) traded down 0.25% during mid-day trading on Monday, hitting $20.15. The stock had a trading volume of 23,827 shares. The company’s market capitalization is $278.53 million. The stock’s 50-day moving average is $20.82 and its 200 day moving average is $19.39. Franklin Covey Co. has a 52 week low of $13.45 and a 52 week high of $22.45. Franklin Covey (NYSE:FC) last announced its quarterly earnings data on Thursday, March 30th. The business services provider reported ($0.24) earnings per share for the quarter, missing the consensus estimate of ($0.22) by $0.02. Franklin Covey had a net margin of 1.17% and a return on equity of 2.46%. The company had revenue of $42.20 million for the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $41.72 million. During the same quarter in the prior year, the company posted ($0.03) EPS. Franklin Covey’s revenue for the quarter was down 6.8% on a year-over-year basis. Equities analysts forecast that Franklin Covey Co. will post ($0.16) earnings per share for the current fiscal year. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY WARNING: This news story was first reported by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are accessing this news story on another domain, it was stolen and reposted in violation of U.S. and international copyright and trademark law. The legal version of this news story can be accessed at https://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/06/05/7000-shares-in-franklin-covey-co-fc-acquired-by-woodmont-investment-counsel-llc.html. A number of brokerages have commented on FC. ValuEngine upgraded Franklin Covey from a “sell” rating to a “hold” rating in a research note on Friday. B. Riley restated a “buy” rating and issued a $24.00 target price on shares of Franklin Covey in a research note on Sunday, April 2nd. Finally, Zacks Investment Research upgraded Franklin Covey from a “strong sell” rating to a “hold” rating in a research note on Monday, March 13th. Five equities research analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and one has assigned a buy rating to the company’s stock. The company has an average rating of “Hold” and a consensus price target of $24.00. In other news, Director Joel Clinton Peterson sold 2,688 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction dated Monday, April 3rd. The shares were sold at an average price of $20.70, for a total transaction of $55,641.60. Following the transaction, the director now owns 236,930 shares in the company, valued at $4,904,451. The sale was disclosed in a document filed with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is available through the SEC website. Insiders have sold 8,961 shares of company stock worth $182,187 in the last quarter. Company insiders own 33.50% of the company’s stock. About Franklin Covey Franklin Covey Co is a global company specializing in performance improvement. The Company’s segments are Direct Offices, Strategic Markets, Education practice and International Licensees. The Direct Offices segment consists of its geographic sales offices that serve the United States and Canada, its international sales offices located in Japan, the United Kingdom and Australia, and its public programs group. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding FC? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Franklin Covey Co. (NYSE:FC). Receive News & Ratings for Franklin Covey Co. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Franklin Covey Co. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Trump’s Tweets Complicate Already Complicated Week World Leaders Very Critical of Paris Agreement Decision by Trump Aide to President Trump Resigns With More Expected Scud-Class Missile Launched by North Korea Travel Ban Dealt Another Blow by Appeals Court © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Vail Resorts Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Vail Resorts Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Hancock Holding Company (HBHC) Shares Sold by Laurion Capital Management LP Elk Creek Partners LLC Acquires New Position in e.l.f. Beauty Inc (ELF) SNS Financial Group LLC Has $895,000 Stake in Polaris Industries Inc. (PII) Laurion Capital Management LP Invests $1.61 Million in Vail Resorts, Inc. (MTN) Laurion Capital Management LP Invests $1.54 Million in Centennial Resource Development Inc (CDEV) Laurion Capital Management LP Boosts Position in Brinker International, Inc. (EAT) New York REIT Inc (NYRT) Position Boosted by Laurion Capital Management LP Century Communities, Inc (CCS) Stake Decreased by Elk Creek Partners LLC Elk Creek Partners LLC Buys New Position in Actuant Co. (ATU) WINTON GROUP Ltd Invests $315,000 in CalAtlantic Group Inc (CAA) WINTON GROUP Ltd Takes Position in Buffalo Wild Wings (BWLD) Fibrocell Science Inc (FCSC) Lowered to “Strong Sell” at ValuEngine Flushing Financial Co. (FFIC) Upgraded to Buy at ValuEngine Fortinet Inc (FTNT) Upgraded by ValuEngine to Hold FS Bancorp Inc (FSBW) Upgraded by ValuEngine to “Strong-Buy” FairPoint Communications Inc (FRP) Downgraded to “Buy” at ValuEngine FTD Companies Inc (FTD) Downgraded to “Hold” at ValuEngine Somewhat Favorable Media Coverage Somewhat Unlikely to Affect StoneMor Partners L.P. (STON) Stock Price Synacor (SYNC) Receiving Somewhat Favorable News Coverage, Analysis Shows Somewhat Favorable Press Coverage Somewhat Likely to Impact TrustCo Bank Corp NY (TRST) Stock Price Laurion Capital Management LP Invests $1.61 Million in Vail Resorts, Inc. (MTN) June 5th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Tyrone Williams Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Laurion Capital Management LP purchased a new stake in shares of Vail Resorts, Inc. (NYSE:MTN) during the first quarter, according to its most recent disclosure with the Securities and Exchange Commission. The institutional investor purchased 8,400 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $1,612,000. Several other large investors have also recently added to or reduced their stakes in the stock. Price T Rowe Associates Inc. MD raised its stake in Vail Resorts by 2.7% in the third quarter. Price T Rowe Associates Inc. MD now owns 3,391,835 shares of the company’s stock valued at $532,111,000 after buying an additional 89,241 shares in the last quarter. FMR LLC raised its stake in Vail Resorts by 0.6% in the first quarter. FMR LLC now owns 2,535,906 shares of the company’s stock valued at $486,640,000 after buying an additional 15,495 shares in the last quarter. William Blair Investment Management LLC raised its stake in Vail Resorts by 76.8% in the first quarter. William Blair Investment Management LLC now owns 1,312,463 shares of the company’s stock valued at $251,862,000 after buying an additional 570,087 shares in the last quarter. State Street Corp raised its stake in Vail Resorts by 3.2% in the fourth quarter. State Street Corp now owns 532,673 shares of the company’s stock valued at $85,928,000 after buying an additional 16,706 shares in the last quarter. Finally, JPMorgan Chase & Co. raised its stake in Vail Resorts by 40.4% in the first quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 441,645 shares of the company’s stock valued at $84,751,000 after buying an additional 126,977 shares in the last quarter. Institutional investors own 93.34% of the company’s stock. Vail Resorts, Inc. (NYSE:MTN) traded down 1.49% on Monday, hitting $212.16. The stock had a trading volume of 536,694 shares. Vail Resorts, Inc. has a 52-week low of $131.46 and a 52-week high of $215.82. The company has a 50-day moving average price of $200.96 and a 200 day moving average price of $180.23. The firm has a market cap of $8.50 billion, a PE ratio of 45.60 and a beta of 0.47. Vail Resorts (NYSE:MTN) last announced its earnings results on Friday, March 10th. The company reported $3.63 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, beating the consensus estimate of $3.45 by $0.18. The business had revenue of $725.20 million for the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $708.73 million. Vail Resorts had a return on equity of 13.81% and a net margin of 9.14%. The business’s revenue for the quarter was up 21.0% on a year-over-year basis. During the same quarter last year, the firm earned $3.14 EPS. Equities analysts forecast that Vail Resorts, Inc. will post $5.27 earnings per share for the current fiscal year. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY WARNING: “Laurion Capital Management LP Invests $1.61 Million in Vail Resorts, Inc. (MTN)” was originally reported by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are accessing this piece on another publication, it was illegally copied and republished in violation of U.S. & international trademark and copyright laws. The original version of this piece can be viewed at https://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/06/05/laurion-capital-management-lp-invests-1-61-million-in-vail-resorts-inc-mtn.html. MTN has been the subject of a number of recent research reports. Zacks Investment Research cut Vail Resorts from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating in a research note on Tuesday, April 4th. Wells Fargo & Co reiterated an “outperform” rating and set a $207.50 price objective on shares of Vail Resorts in a research note on Monday, March 20th. Janney Montgomery Scott lifted their price objective on Vail Resorts from $195.00 to $220.00 and gave the company a “buy” rating in a research note on Monday, March 13th. Finally, Stifel Nicolaus lifted their price objective on Vail Resorts from $181.00 to $205.00 and gave the company a “hold” rating in a research note on Monday, March 13th. One analyst has rated the stock with a hold rating and eight have given a buy rating to the company’s stock. The stock currently has an average rating of “Buy” and an average price target of $193.31. In other news, Director John F. Sorte sold 6,082 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction on Friday, March 17th. The stock was sold at an average price of $186.98, for a total value of $1,137,212.36. Following the completion of the sale, the director now owns 56,362 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $10,538,566.76. The transaction was disclosed in a legal filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which can be accessed through the SEC website. 4.60% of the stock is owned by company insiders. Vail Resorts Company Profile Vail Resorts, Inc is a holding company. The Company operates through three segments: Mountain, Lodging and Real Estate. Its Mountain segment operates over 10 mountain resort properties and approximately three urban ski areas, as well as ancillary services, primarily including, ski school, dining, and retail/rental operations. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding MTN? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Vail Resorts, Inc. (NYSE:MTN). Receive News & Ratings for Vail Resorts Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Vail Resorts Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Trump’s Tweets Complicate Already Complicated Week World Leaders Very Critical of Paris Agreement Decision by Trump Aide to President Trump Resigns With More Expected Scud-Class Missile Launched by North Korea Travel Ban Dealt Another Blow by Appeals Court © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
HOME EDITION News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance Etf Street Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Tech Guide Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows Watch Live CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Full Episodes More Log In | Register Log Out News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Consumer Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Take a Tour Subscribe Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance Etf Street Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Tech Guide Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Special Reports Iconic Tour Trading the World CNBC Disruptor 50 Lasting Legacy Modern Medicine Portfolio Perspective College Game Plan Investing in: Israel Tech Drivers The Brave Ones Trading Nation Shaping the future Future Opportunities Original Series Executive Edge Trading Nation Futures Now Retire Well The Pulse @ 1 Market The Bottom Line CNBC Events Davos Delivering Alpha eMerge Americas iCONIC Conference Cambridge Cyber Summit Sohn Conference Follow CNBC EDITION Register Log In Profile Email Preferences PRO Sign Out Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Take a Tour Subscribe LIVE TV Watch CNBC TV Watch CNBC Pro Watchlist X × × × × US Markets Market Movers Dow 30 NASDAQ 100 IQ 100 Sectors World Heat Map US Americas Asia EU With the market near record highs, here's how two pros are investing U.S. equities traded mixed on Monday, holding near record levels. JPMorgan Private Bank's Steven Rees and Neuberger Berman's Erik Knutzen have different ideas about how to invest in this environment. Rees likes tech and energy, while Knutzen is rotating into U.S. small caps and European equities. Michelle Fox | @MFoxCNBC Monday, 5 Jun 2017 | 4:53 PM ETCNBC.com SHARES show chapters Market expert: We're not concerned about tech valuations    Monday, 5 Jun 2017 | 2:15 PM ET | 04:26 With the U.S. stock market trading near record levels, two experts had different ideas about how to best invest their money. JPMorgan Private Bank's Steven Rees, who is the firm's global head of equity strategy, still likes technology. He believes the more than 20 percent rally this year is "more than justified." The tech-heavy Nasdaq composite traded 0.1 percent lower on Monday afternoon after reaching an all-time intraday high earlier in the session. "If you look at it relative to the growth that it offers on a P/E to growth perspective, it actually trades at a discount to the market," Rees said in an interview with "Power Lunch." "So we're not concerned about valuations. We're very happy with the earnings trends that we've seen across the sector." That doesn't mean he'd buy everything. Instead, he would be more selective. For Erik Knutzen, multi-asset chief investment officer at Neuberger Berman, the run-up in tech is "a little overdone." "We would rather move to where we can take advantage of a global economic growth upturn with some better valuations," he told "Power Lunch." He's trimming exposure to U.S. large cap stocks and shifting allocations to U.S. small caps and European equities. He also likes dividend stocks, especially as interest rates rise and volatility increases. "Stocks that pay you a higher percentage of their return in dividends, where you generate higher income, allows you to reinvest at better levels and at higher interest rates," Knutzen explained. One sector that has been hit this year is energy, thanks to concern about oil prices. However, that is another area where Rees would buy selective stocks on the pullback. "Our view is that oil prices remain in a range, and I think if that happens you could still see very good profits for some of the companies, particularly E&Ps with low cost of production, that the market right now is just totally discounting," he noted. Oil prices fell on Monday after top crude exporter Saudi Arabia and other Arab states cut ties with Qatar, raising concerns about a global deal to reduce oil production. —CNBC'S Fred Imbert and Reuters contributed to this report. Watch: Stocks lower as Apple downgraded show chapters Stocks close lower as Apple falls on rare downgrade    Monday, 5 Jun 2017 | 4:01 PM ET | 00:39 Michelle FoxProducer Related Securities Symbol Price   Change %Change NASDAQ --- To view this site, you need to have JavaScript enabled in your browser, and either the Flash Plugin or an HTML5-Video enabled browser. Download the latest Flash player and try again. Playing Share this video... × Watch Next...
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Catalent Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Catalent Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News $0.63 Earnings Per Share Expected for ITT Inc. (ITT) This Quarter Carolina Financial Corp (CARO) Position Boosted by Systematic Financial Management LP Systematic Financial Management LP Buys 125,212 Shares of Williams-Sonoma, Inc. (WSM) Systematic Financial Management LP Takes Position in Agrium Inc. (AGU) Watts Water Technologies Inc (WTS) Position Lowered by Systematic Financial Management LP Fmr LLC Acquires 33,745 Shares of Insulet Co. (PODD) Edge Asset Management Inc. Acquires 101,019 Shares of Omega Healthcare Investors Inc (OHI) Oceaneering International (OII) Shares Bought by Fmr LLC Systematic Financial Management LP Sells 39,424 Shares of La-Z-Boy Incorporated (LZB) Wellington Management Group LLP Has $128.84 Million Position in Black Hills Corp (BKH) Fmr LLC Has $391.80 Million Stake in Silgan Holdings Inc. (SLGN) Wellington Management Group LLP Has $131 Million Position in Extraction Oil & Gas Inc (XOG) EQT Co. (EQT) Stake Held by Redmond Asset Management LLC Ultragenyx Pharmaceutical Inc (RARE) Shares Bought by Fmr LLC Zacks: Brokerages Expect Astec Industries, Inc. (ASTE) to Announce $0.80 Earnings Per Share NetEase Inc (NTES) is Alta Advisers Ltd’s 7th Largest Position AgroFresh Solutions Inc (AGFS) Major Shareholder Buys $10,848.48 in Stock Wellington Management Group LLP Has $141 Million Stake in UniFirst Corp (UNF) Douglas Emmett, Inc. (DEI) Position Decreased by Fmr LLC Catalent Inc (CTLT) Position Lowered by Fmr LLC Catalent Inc (CTLT) Position Lowered by Fmr LLC June 5th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Jeff Wilder Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Fmr LLC reduced its stake in Catalent Inc (NASDAQ:CTLT) by 15.7% during the first quarter, according to its most recent Form 13F filing with the SEC. The institutional investor owned 13,836,287 shares of the company’s stock after selling 2,567,565 shares during the period. Fmr LLC owned 0.11% of Catalent worth $391,843,000 at the end of the most recent quarter. Other large investors have also added to or reduced their stakes in the company. Janus Capital Management LLC boosted its stake in Catalent by 13.1% in the fourth quarter. Janus Capital Management LLC now owns 6,334,280 shares of the company’s stock valued at $170,772,000 after buying an additional 734,125 shares during the period. Schroder Investment Management Group boosted its stake in Catalent by 8.4% in the first quarter. Schroder Investment Management Group now owns 5,143,664 shares of the company’s stock valued at $146,646,000 after buying an additional 400,219 shares during the period. JPMorgan Chase & Co. boosted its stake in Catalent by 9.7% in the first quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 4,912,985 shares of the company’s stock valued at $139,136,000 after buying an additional 432,888 shares during the period. Arrowpoint Asset Management LLC boosted its stake in Catalent by 154.9% in the fourth quarter. Arrowpoint Asset Management LLC now owns 2,430,294 shares of the company’s stock valued at $65,521,000 after buying an additional 1,476,833 shares during the period. Finally, Bank of New York Mellon Corp boosted its stake in Catalent by 4.5% in the first quarter. Bank of New York Mellon Corp now owns 1,414,319 shares of the company’s stock valued at $40,053,000 after buying an additional 61,231 shares during the period. Catalent Inc (NASDAQ CTLT) traded up 0.86% on Monday, reaching $37.44. The company had a trading volume of 397,191 shares. Catalent Inc has a 52 week low of $20.94 and a 52 week high of $37.71. The stock’s 50-day moving average is $31.83 and its 200-day moving average is $28.33. The company has a market capitalization of $4.68 billion and a P/E ratio of 44.10. Catalent (NASDAQ:CTLT) last posted its earnings results on Thursday, May 4th. The company reported $0.38 earnings per share for the quarter, topping analysts’ consensus estimates of $0.36 by $0.02. The company had revenue of $532.60 million for the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $470.95 million. The firm’s quarterly revenue was up 21.6% on a year-over-year basis. During the same quarter in the prior year, the company earned $0.21 EPS. Equities research analysts forecast that Catalent Inc will post $1.38 EPS for the current fiscal year. TRADEMARK VIOLATION WARNING: This piece was originally reported by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are accessing this piece on another site, it was illegally stolen and republished in violation of international copyright laws. The original version of this piece can be viewed at https://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/06/05/catalent-inc-ctlt-position-lowered-by-fmr-llc.html. Several equities research analysts have weighed in on CTLT shares. Zacks Investment Research cut Catalent from a “buy” rating to a “sell” rating in a report on Tuesday, May 9th. TheStreet raised Catalent from a “d+” rating to a “c” rating in a research report on Monday, February 6th. Jefferies Group LLC increased their target price on Catalent from $29.00 to $32.00 and gave the stock a “hold” rating in a research report on Monday, February 27th. William Blair raised Catalent from a “market perform” rating to an “outperform” rating in a research report on Friday, May 5th. Finally, Bank of America Corp reissued a “buy” rating and issued a $37.00 target price (up previously from $32.00) on shares of Catalent in a research report on Wednesday, May 17th. One investment analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, three have given a hold rating and six have given a buy rating to the company’s stock. The stock presently has an average rating of “Buy” and an average price target of $30.71. In other news, insider John R. Chiminski sold 73,819 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction on Monday, March 20th. The stock was sold at an average price of $28.62, for a total transaction of $2,112,699.78. The sale was disclosed in a filing with the SEC, which is available through this hyperlink. Also, insider Sharon Johnson sold 9,160 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction on Tuesday, April 25th. The stock was sold at an average price of $29.00, for a total value of $265,640.00. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Catalent Company Profile Catalent, Inc provides delivery technologies and development solutions for drugs, biologics, and consumer and animal health products. Its segments include Softgel Technologies, Drug Delivery Solutions and Clinical Supply Services. The Softgel Technologies segment is engaged in the formulation, development and manufacturing of prescription and consumer health soft capsules or softgels. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding CTLT? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Catalent Inc (NASDAQ:CTLT). Receive News & Ratings for Catalent Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Catalent Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Trump’s Tweets Complicate Already Complicated Week World Leaders Very Critical of Paris Agreement Decision by Trump Aide to President Trump Resigns With More Expected Scud-Class Missile Launched by North Korea Travel Ban Dealt Another Blow by Appeals Court © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Continue to site >> Action Alerts PLUS Access AAP Jim Cramer's Best Stocks for 2017 Charitable Trust Portfolio Most Recent Trade Alert 25 Investing Rules 10 Trading Commandments Real Money Access RM 25 Rules of Investing Jim Cramer's Best Stocks for 2017 10 Commandments Stressed Out Stocks Cramer's Blog Cramer Mad Money ETFs Futures Markets Much More Banks Biotech Retail Tech Personal Finance Retirement Financial Advisor Center How to Spend Options Fixed Income Video DJIA NASDAQ S&P 500 Market Data updated Sign In Your Membership(s) Your Account Account Preferences Alerts Newsletters Subscribe Logout Subscribe Access insights and guidance from our Wall Street pros. Find the product that's right for you. Action Alerts PLUS Action Alerts OPTIONS Daily Swing Trade Income Seeker Quant Ratings Real Money Real Money Pro Stocks Under $10 Top Stocks Trifecta Stocks Real Money Pro Portfolio Chairman's Club Compare All Snap May Not See Profits Until 2020, JPMorgan Hints Natalie Walters Jun 5, 2017 2:33 PM EDT Snap (SNAP)  may boast 3 billion daily snaps sent per day on its app, but that's not enough to inspire confidence in its monetization path, according to JPMorgan.  The firm released a note on Monday morning claiming a more cautious view on Snap's ability to grow ad revenue, as well as its sales outlook for Spectacles and growth outlook for daily active users (DAUs) over the next few years. The firm sees Snap being weighed down by a lack of profit until 2020. The firm kept its "neutral" rating on Snap and cut the stock's price target to $18 from $20. Shares of Snap were trading down 3.6% to $20.33 in early afternoon trading on Monday.  Engagement on the app is "strong" with 166 million users spending an average of 30 minutes per day on the app and ad revenue should grow 133% in 2017, JPMorgan analyst Doug Anmuth wrote in the note. However, the company has only been working toward monetization for bout two years and has "significant work" to do on its ad business.  This month, Snap is rolling out its self-serve, no-fee ad manager for purchasing video ads, as well as a Mobile Dashboard to track your ad performance from your phone and a Business Manager tool to help organize ad initiatives with a team. Previously, companies had to buy ads on Snapchat through the company' sales team or third-party ad tools that often charged a fee. These new tools are encouraging and should help more small businesses set up campaigns on Snapchat, but they're also just launching, meaning they will take time to gain traction, Anmuth noted. In addition, Snap will not have as much quality-control over ads on its platform and that could alienate its users.  Seasonality also has to be taken into account, JPMorgan said. While the second quarter is seasonally strong and should see revenue of $188 million, the third quarter has tough comps with the $15 million to $20 million in non-recurring Olympics and political revenue from the 2016 third quarter.  The 2016 fourth quarter benefited from the NFL partnership and active political climate, but this year's fourth quarter should get similar boosts, Anmuth said. However, JPMorgan is still cutting its fourth quarter revenue estimates by 15% due to depressed outlook for Spectacle sales.  Prev 0 of 2 Next If you liked this article you might like Wall Street Is Now Betting a Mind-Blowing $1 Billion That Snapchat Is a Big Disappointment People are really short the tech upstart. Brian Sozzi Jun 8, 2017 8:00 AM EDT A Slippery Slope for Oil Companies; Facebook Shareholders Pipe Up but Are Shut Down -ICYMI Here's what you need to know, now. Michael Brown Jun 8, 2017 12:01 AM EDT This Is Why Tech Stocks Like Amazon and Apple Have Exploded 31% on Average This Year Shares of tech companies are booming. Breana Noble Jun 7, 2017 7:45 PM EDT Apple Made Its Name on Amazing Innovations, but Its New Show Is Decidedly Not One of Them: Expert Apple's new series probably won't win an Emmy. Leon Lazaroff Jun 7, 2017 7:20 PM EDT Trending Wall Street Is Now Betting a Mind-Blowing $1 Billion That Snapchat Is a Big Disappointment Tesla's Huge Runup Means The Stock Has Little Room for Error Tesla's CEO Elon Musk Was Just Dealt a Rare Blow Citi Says Nvidia Could Explode 100% to $300 a Share -- Here's Why 22 Large Retailers Besides J.C. Penney Are Closing Waves of Stores Advertising Partners Hot Topics Pharma Blue-Chip Cramer on Apple Stocks Under $10 Best High-Yielders Tech Stocks Home Cramer Banking Biotech ETFs Futures Opinion Personal Finance Retail Tech Video Featured Topics Jim Cramer Mad Money Stock Market Today Dow Jones Today Dividend Stocks Gold Price Silver Prices Copper Prices Oil Prices Sections ©1996-2017 TheStreet, Inc. All rights reserved. Action Alerts PLUS is a registered trademark of TheStreet, Inc. Popular Pages Best Stocks Best Stocks to Buy High Dividend Stocks Stock Market Holidays Earnings Calendar Ex Dividend Date ETF Ratings Mutual Fund Ratings Best Online Brokers Subscriptions Action Alerts PLUS Action Alerts OPTIONS Daily Swing Trade Quant Ratings Real Money Real Money Pro Stocks Under $10 Top Stocks Trifecta Stocks Portfolio PLUS RMP Portfolio Chairman's Club Stay Connected Feedback About Us Investor Relations Advertise Reprints Customer Service Employment Privacy Policy Terms of Use Topic Archive Video Sitemap Data Affiliate Press Room ©1996-2017 TheStreet, Inc. All rights reserved. Action Alerts PLUS is a registered trademark of TheStreet, Inc. Compare Brokers
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Trueblue Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Trueblue Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Alliancebernstein L.P. Decreases Stake in Essex Property Trust Inc (ESS) Trueblue Inc (TBI) Position Raised by Alliancebernstein L.P. Cadence Capital Management LLC Has $762,000 Stake in Leggett & Platt, Inc. (LEG) Cadence Capital Management LLC Increases Stake in Comerica Incorporated (CMA) Coach Inc (COH) Stake Maintained by Ariel Investments LLC Cadence Capital Management LLC Lowers Stake in Six Flags Entertainment Corp (SIX) Ariel Investments LLC Increases Stake in Nordstrom, Inc. (JWN) Cadence Capital Management LLC Invests $668,000 in Concho Resources Inc (CXO) Cadence Capital Management LLC Takes Position in Humana Inc (HUM) Ariel Investments LLC Has $38.29 Million Stake in Blackstone Group LP (BX) DISH Network Corp (DISH) Stake Boosted by Cadence Capital Management LLC Concho Resources Inc (CXO) Stake Reduced by Alliancebernstein L.P. Alliancebernstein L.P. Sells 165,254 Shares of Southwest Gas Holdings Inc (SWX) Approach Resources (AREX) Given Media Impact Rating of -0.03 Achillion Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (ACHN) Expected to Announce Earnings of -$0.16 Per Share Comparing Xilinx (XLNX) and Sequans Communications SA (SQNS) Digital Turbine (APPS) Earns Daily News Impact Rating of -0.05 Archrock Partners (APLP) Earning Somewhat Critical Media Coverage, Study Finds Air Products & Chemicals (APD) Receives Media Impact Rating of 0.14 G-III Apparel Group (GIII) & Iconix Brand Group (ICON) Critical Contrast Trueblue Inc (TBI) Position Raised by Alliancebernstein L.P. June 5th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Stacy Sanders Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Alliancebernstein L.P. increased its stake in Trueblue Inc (NYSE:TBI) by 41.1% during the first quarter, according to its most recent disclosure with the SEC. The institutional investor owned 1,345,671 shares of the business services provider’s stock after buying an additional 391,674 shares during the period. Alliancebernstein L.P.’s holdings in Trueblue were worth $36,804,000 at the end of the most recent reporting period. Other hedge funds also recently bought and sold shares of the company. Dimensional Fund Advisors LP boosted its stake in Trueblue by 6.9% in the fourth quarter. Dimensional Fund Advisors LP now owns 2,088,053 shares of the business services provider’s stock valued at $51,471,000 after buying an additional 135,335 shares in the last quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. boosted its stake in Trueblue by 114.6% in the first quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 1,085,196 shares of the business services provider’s stock valued at $29,681,000 after buying an additional 579,545 shares in the last quarter. FMR LLC boosted its stake in Trueblue by 9.5% in the fourth quarter. FMR LLC now owns 786,093 shares of the business services provider’s stock valued at $19,377,000 after buying an additional 68,258 shares in the last quarter. Ameriprise Financial Inc. boosted its stake in Trueblue by 53.1% in the first quarter. Ameriprise Financial Inc. now owns 656,156 shares of the business services provider’s stock valued at $17,946,000 after buying an additional 227,502 shares in the last quarter. Finally, Norges Bank bought a new stake in Trueblue during the fourth quarter valued at approximately $12,894,000. Institutional investors and hedge funds own 88.46% of the company’s stock. Trueblue Inc (TBI) traded down 2.385% during mid-day trading on Monday, reaching $27.625. 136,820 shares of the company’s stock were exchanged. The company’s market cap is $1.15 billion. The stock has a 50-day moving average price of $26.81 and a 200 day moving average price of $25.18. Trueblue Inc has a 52-week low of $16.50 and a 52-week high of $28.70. Trueblue (NYSE:TBI) last issued its quarterly earnings results on Monday, May 1st. The business services provider reported $0.21 earnings per share for the quarter, topping the consensus estimate of $0.12 by $0.09. The company had revenue of $568.24 million during the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $569.85 million. Trueblue had a negative net margin of 0.55% and a positive return on equity of 16.55%. The business’s quarterly revenue was down 12.0% on a year-over-year basis. During the same period last year, the business earned $0.27 EPS. Equities analysts predict that Trueblue Inc will post $1.76 earnings per share for the current fiscal year. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION WARNING: “Trueblue Inc (TBI) Position Raised by Alliancebernstein L.P.” was originally reported by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are reading this article on another site, it was copied illegally and republished in violation of international trademark & copyright law. The original version of this article can be accessed at https://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/06/05/trueblue-inc-tbi-position-raised-by-alliancebernstein-l-p.html. A number of research firms have issued reports on TBI. BMO Capital Markets reiterated a “sell” rating and issued a $20.00 target price on shares of Trueblue in a research note on Wednesday, April 5th. Zacks Investment Research upgraded shares of Trueblue from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $29.00 target price for the company in a research note on Wednesday, April 12th. Finally, TheStreet cut shares of Trueblue from a “b-” rating to a “c” rating in a research note on Thursday, February 9th. Three research analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and one has given a buy rating to the company’s stock. The company presently has an average rating of “Hold” and an average price target of $22.50. In other news, EVP James E. Defebaugh sold 5,000 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Monday, May 8th. The shares were sold at an average price of $27.00, for a total transaction of $135,000.00. The sale was disclosed in a legal filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which can be accessed through this link. Also, CEO Steven C. Cooper sold 40,000 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Friday, May 5th. The stock was sold at an average price of $27.03, for a total transaction of $1,081,200.00. Following the transaction, the chief executive officer now directly owns 218,171 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $5,897,162.13. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. 2.00% of the stock is owned by company insiders. Trueblue Company Profile TrueBlue, Inc is a provider of specialized workforce solutions. The Company is engaged in providing staffing, on-site workforce management and recruitment process outsourcing services. The Company operates through three segments: PeopleReady, PeopleManagement and PeopleScout. Its PeopleReady segment provides blue-collar contingent staffing through the PeopleReady service line. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding TBI? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Trueblue Inc (NYSE:TBI). Receive News & Ratings for Trueblue Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Trueblue Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Trump’s Tweets Complicate Already Complicated Week World Leaders Very Critical of Paris Agreement Decision by Trump Aide to President Trump Resigns With More Expected Scud-Class Missile Launched by North Korea Travel Ban Dealt Another Blow by Appeals Court © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
自由電子報 | 影音娛樂 | 好康報報 | 自由部落 ‧Business Home Front Page Taiwan News Business Editorials Sports World News Features Bilingual Pages Home / Business Tue, Jun 06, 2017 - Page 10　News List Print Mail Facebook Twitter plurk funp JPMorgan Chase wants full control in China venture Bloomberg JPMorgan Chase & Co chief executive officer Jamie Dimon, who in December last year agreed to exit a minority-owned Chinese investment banking joint venture, said the US bank is seeking to find a new structure that would eventually give it full control. “My longer-term dream is that we have, we own, 100 percent of something,” Dimon said yesterday in an interview with Bloomberg Television’s Stephen Engle in Beijing. Dimon said he would be patient in negotiations with Chinese regulators, adding that the process “is complicated, so we respect that and we tell them what we’d like and hope it’ll happen.” JPMorgan moved to sell its stake in JPMorgan First Capital Securities late last year after six years in the venture. Its partner, First Capital Securities Co, was to buy out JPMorgan from its one-third stake for 307 million yuan (US$45.13 million at the current exchange rate), the Chinese firm said in December. Since UBS Group AG and Goldman Sachs Group Inc established Chinese joint ventures more than a decade ago, foreign banks have struggled to challenge local players. One competitive disadvantage is that Chinese rules limit them to minority stakes, reducing their sway over key decisions. China has made “huge progress” on market reforms, Dimon said, adding that he would like to increase his firm’s businesses in the nation which include corporate banking and stakes in a fund manager and in a commodities futures joint venture, according to the bank’s Chinese Web site. JPMorgan said in February that it won approval to underwrite corporate bond sales in China’s interbank market. The issue of control contributed to JPMorgan’s decision to sell its stake in the First Capital venture, whose business included equity and debt underwriting and mergers advisory. “Joint ventures by nature have sloppy corporate governance,” Dimon said, adding that any new venture structure would have to allow JPMorgan “a certain amount of management control.” Beijing in November last year said it is committed to letting overseas banks own bigger stakes in securities and fund-management joint ventures in the country. The rule limiting offshore ownership to 49 percent would gradually be relaxed, the Chinese Ministry of Finance said at the time, adding that foreign investors’ participation could boost the industry’s competitiveness and global influence. Dimon said his bank would consider setting up a business in the Shanghai Free Trade Zone, without providing more specifics. The zone is studying allowing foreign investments in financial institutions to exceed current caps, Shanghai Financial Service Office Director Zheng Yang (鄭楊) said in June last year, without giving a timetable for any changes. As China’s leaders remain on track with financial and trade reforms, Dimon said he sees full yuan convertibility in the next five to 10 years. “Twenty years from now, they will house 35 percent of the Fortune 3000 and we should go for that,” Dimon said. “They’ve made huge progress in reforms, financial reforms, market reforms.” When asked if he intended to stay on US President Donald Trump’s business advisory council after Trump announced his intention to pull the US out of the Paris climate accord, Dimon said: “I am an American patriot and I want to help the president of the United States,” adding that he did not want to “overreact” to the issue. This story has been viewed 1389 times. Comments will be moderated. Remarks containing abusive and obscene language, personal attacks of any kind or promotion will be removed and the user banned. Print Mail facebook twitter plurk funp TOP Most Popular Listing from 2017-06-01 to 2017-06-08 Most read Most e-mailed 1 Toy gun maker sent to prison 2 Torrential rain floods northern areas 3 Beijing’s handling of Lee’s case is backfiring 4 Father George Martinson dies 5 Off the Beaten Track: Water Curtain Cave: A perfect introduction to enchanting Taiwan MORE  1 Torrential rain floods northern areas 2 Toy gun maker sent to prison 3 Father George Martinson dies 4 Blockchain could be used as a tool in food safety 5 Floods, landslides leave two dead MORE  Home Front Page Taiwan News Business Editorials Sports World News Features Bilingual Pages Subscribe‧Advertise‧Employment‧About Us‧Contact Us‧ RSS Copyright © 1999-2017 The Taipei Times. All rights reserved.
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Northern Trust Co. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Northern Trust Co. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News $0.85 Earnings Per Share Expected for America's Car-Mart, Inc. (CRMT) This Quarter Korn/Ferry International (KFY) Expected to Announce Earnings of $0.59 Per Share Analysts Anticipate J C Penney Company Inc (JCP) Will Post Earnings of -$0.07 Per Share Western Alliance Bancorporation (WAL) Expected to Announce Earnings of $0.72 Per Share David Godfrey Sells 1,425 Shares of Gartner Inc (IT) Stock ACK Asset Management LLC Has $12.59 Million Position in Continental Building Products Inc (CBPX) MFA Financial, Inc. (MFA) Position Cut by Weiss Asset Management LP BMC Stock Holdings Inc (BMCH) Shares Bought by ACK Asset Management LLC ACK Asset Management LLC Buys Shares of 435,000 Astronics Co. (ATRO) 177,690 Shares in Rush Enterprises, Inc. (RUSHA) Acquired by ACK Asset Management LLC Advanced Drainage Systems Inc (WMS) Stake Increased by ACK Asset Management LLC Builders FirstSource, Inc. (BLDR) Shares Sold by Stadium Capital Management LLC Banque Pictet & Cie SA Raises Position in IPG Photonics Co. (IPGP) ACK Asset Management LLC Takes Position in Herc Holdings Inc (HRI) S. Muoio & CO. LLC Continues to Hold Position in Cable One Inc (CABO) S. Muoio & CO. LLC Acquires New Stake in Allied World Assurance Company Holdings Ltd (AWH) Weiss Asset Management LP Sells 4,145 Shares of New Senior Investment Group Inc (SNR) ACK Asset Management LLC Continues to Hold Position in Verint Systems Inc. (VRNT) CYS Investments Inc (CYS) Position Reduced by Weiss Asset Management LP 231,200 Shares in Stillwater Mining Company (SWC) Acquired by S. Muoio & CO. LLC Northern Trust Co. (NTRS) Shares Sold by Blair William & Co. IL June 5th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Stacy Sanders Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Blair William & Co. IL reduced its stake in shares of Northern Trust Co. (NASDAQ:NTRS) by 0.6% during the first quarter, according to its most recent Form 13F filing with the SEC. The firm owned 772,173 shares of the asset manager’s stock after selling 4,865 shares during the period. Blair William & Co. IL’s holdings in Northern Trust were worth $66,901,000 as of its most recent SEC filing. Several other large investors have also bought and sold shares of the stock. State Street Corp boosted its stake in Northern Trust by 8.2% in the fourth quarter. State Street Corp now owns 10,365,351 shares of the asset manager’s stock valued at $923,026,000 after buying an additional 786,008 shares in the last quarter. FMR LLC boosted its stake in Northern Trust by 7.8% in the fourth quarter. FMR LLC now owns 8,940,422 shares of the asset manager’s stock valued at $796,144,000 after buying an additional 643,560 shares in the last quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. boosted its stake in Northern Trust by 0.8% in the first quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 8,226,919 shares of the asset manager’s stock valued at $712,287,000 after buying an additional 68,263 shares in the last quarter. Burgundy Asset Management Ltd. boosted its stake in Northern Trust by 1.1% in the fourth quarter. Burgundy Asset Management Ltd. now owns 2,480,386 shares of the asset manager’s stock valued at $220,878,000 after buying an additional 27,482 shares in the last quarter. Finally, FIL Ltd acquired a new stake in Northern Trust during the fourth quarter valued at $199,749,000. 79.48% of the stock is owned by institutional investors. Northern Trust Co. (NTRS) traded up 0.62% on Monday, reaching $89.06. The company’s stock had a trading volume of 370,792 shares. The company has a market cap of $20.45 billion, a P/E ratio of 20.31 and a beta of 1.05. Northern Trust Co. has a 12 month low of $61.32 and a 12 month high of $92.29. The company has a 50-day moving average price of $88.96 and a 200 day moving average price of $87.21. Northern Trust (NASDAQ:NTRS) last posted its quarterly earnings results on Tuesday, April 25th. The asset manager reported $1.09 EPS for the quarter, topping analysts’ consensus estimates of $1.07 by $0.02. Northern Trust had a return on equity of 11.19% and a net margin of 20.70%. The company had revenue of $1.29 billion during the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $1.28 billion. During the same quarter in the previous year, the firm earned $0.99 EPS. Northern Trust’s revenue was up 8.1% on a year-over-year basis. On average, equities research analysts anticipate that Northern Trust Co. will post $4.80 EPS for the current fiscal year. The firm also recently declared a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Saturday, July 1st. Stockholders of record on Friday, June 2nd will be issued a dividend of $0.38 per share. The ex-dividend date is Wednesday, May 31st. This represents a $1.52 dividend on an annualized basis and a dividend yield of 1.72%. Northern Trust’s dividend payout ratio (DPR) is currently 35.43%. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION NOTICE: This news story was posted by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are accessing this news story on another site, it was copied illegally and republished in violation of United States & international copyright & trademark laws. The correct version of this news story can be viewed at https://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/06/05/northern-trust-co-ntrs-shares-sold-by-blair-william-co-il.html. Several equities research analysts have recently weighed in on NTRS shares. Royal Bank of Canada reissued a “buy” rating and issued a $97.00 price objective on shares of Northern Trust in a research report on Wednesday, May 10th. Credit Suisse Group AG reissued a “hold” rating and issued a $90.00 price objective on shares of Northern Trust in a research report on Friday, May 5th. Jefferies Group LLC raised Northern Trust from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and increased their price objective for the company from $90.00 to $102.00 in a research report on Tuesday, April 11th. Deutsche Bank AG reissued a “hold” rating and issued a $96.00 price objective (up from $93.00) on shares of Northern Trust in a research report on Saturday, April 29th. Finally, Bank of America Corp reissued a “buy” rating and issued a $98.00 price objective (up from $61.32) on shares of Northern Trust in a research report on Friday, May 26th. One equities research analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, seven have assigned a hold rating, three have issued a buy rating and one has assigned a strong buy rating to the company’s stock. The stock currently has an average rating of “Hold” and an average price target of $88.71. In other Northern Trust news, Vice Chairman William L. Morrison sold 25,000 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction dated Friday, May 19th. The stock was sold at an average price of $87.28, for a total value of $2,182,000.00. The sale was disclosed in a legal filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is accessible through this hyperlink. Also, EVP Susan Gillian Pembleton sold 9,793 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction dated Wednesday, May 24th. The stock was sold at an average price of $88.29, for a total value of $864,623.97. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Insiders have sold a total of 395,997 shares of company stock valued at $35,783,412 in the last three months. 1.90% of the stock is owned by insiders. Northern Trust Company Profile Northern Trust Corporation is a financial holding company. The Company provides asset servicing, fund administration, asset management, fiduciary and banking solutions for corporations, institutions, families and individuals across the world. Its segments include Corporate & Institutional Services (C&IS), Wealth Management, and Treasury and Other. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding NTRS? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Northern Trust Co. (NASDAQ:NTRS). Receive News & Ratings for Northern Trust Co. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Northern Trust Co. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Trump’s Tweets Complicate Already Complicated Week World Leaders Very Critical of Paris Agreement Decision by Trump Aide to President Trump Resigns With More Expected Scud-Class Missile Launched by North Korea Travel Ban Dealt Another Blow by Appeals Court © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Continue in 3 seconds Login Free Trial/Subscribe Policy & Regulation Technology Retail & Commercial Community Cap Markets BankThink Resources Events Search Search Policy & Regulation Technology Retail & Commercial Community Cap Markets BankThink Resources Events Name Policy & Regulation Technology Retail & Commercial Community Cap Markets BankThink Resources Events Now Reading: The Latest JPM's Dimon aiming for China venture with full control Struggling Indian-American bank finds a buyer Banks cede market share in auto lending: Report Deal will beef up Glacier's presence in Colorado Spain's Popular was on verge of failure before takeover deal: ECB search goes here JPMorgan's Dimon aiming for China venture with full control Published June 05 2017, 11:58am EDT More in M&A Jamie Dimon JPMorgan Chase Print Email Share Share on JPMorgan Chase Chief Executive Officer Jamie Dimon, who in December agreed to exit a minority-owned Chinese investment-banking joint venture, said the U.S. bank is seeking to find a new structure that would eventually give it full control. "My longer-term dream is that we have, we own, 100 percent of something," Dimon, 61, said Monday in an interview with Bloomberg Television's Stephen Engle in Beijing. The CEO said he'll be patient in negotiations with Chinese regulators. The process "is complicated, so we respect that and we tell them what we'd like and hope it'll happen." JPMorgan moved to sell its stake in JPMorgan First Capital Securities late last year after six years in the venture. Its partner, First Capital Securities Co., was to buy out JPMorgan from its one-third stake for 307 million yuan ($44 million at the time), the Chinese firm said in December. Since UBS Group AG and Goldman Sachs Group Inc. established Chinese joint ventures more than a decade ago, foreign banks have struggled to challenge local players. One competitive disadvantage is that Chinese rules limit them to minority stakes, reducing their sway over key decisions. Bloomberg News China has made "huge progress" on market reforms, Dimon said, adding that he would like to increase his firm's businesses in the nation. The firm's businesses in China include corporate banking and stakes in a fund manager and in a commodities futures joint venture, according to the bank's China website. JPMorgan said in February that it won approval to underwrite corporate bond sales in China's interbank market. The issue of control contributed to JPMorgan's decision to sell its stake in the First Capital venture, whose business included equity and debt underwriting and mergers advisory. "Joint ventures by nature have sloppy corporate governance," Dimon said. Any new venture structure would have to allow JPMorgan "a certain amount of management control," he said. China's government in November said it's committed to letting overseas banks own bigger stakes in securities and fund-management joint ventures in the country. The rule limiting offshore ownership to 49 percent will gradually be relaxed, the Ministry of Finance said at the time, adding that foreign investors' participation can boost the industry's competitiveness and global influence. Dimon said his bank would consider setting up a business in the Shanghai Free Trade Zone, without providing more specifics. The Shanghai FTZ is studying allowing foreign investments in financial institutions to exceed current caps, Zheng Yang, the city's financial services office director, said in June last year, without giving a timetable for any changes. As China's leaders remain on track with financial and trade reforms, Dimon said he sees full yuan convertibility in the next five to 10 years. "Twenty years from now, they will house 35 percent of the Fortune 3000 and we should go for that," Dimon said. "They've made huge progress in reforms, financial reforms, market reforms." When asked if he intended to stay on Donald Trump's business advisory council after the U.S. president announced his intention to pull his country out of the Paris climate pact, Dimon said: "I am an American patriot and I want to help the president of the United States," adding that he didn't want to "overreact" to the issue. On Friday, Dimon said he "absolutely" disagreed with Trump's administration on the issue, but said there was a responsibility to engage elected officials "to work constructively and advocate for policies that improve people's lives and protect our environment." Trump's call on Paris prompted Walt Disney Co. CEO Bob Iger and Tesla Inc. founder Elon Musk to withdraw from a presidential jobs panel. Article The mortgage search goes digital Search habits and online lenders are forcing loan officers to step up their digital game to compete. Partner Insights Sponsor Content From: Mortgages May 19 Bloomberg News Comments Login or Subscribe Get AB in your inbox Newsletter/Frequency Daily Briefing Intraday News Update BankThink Technology Daily Regulation Capital Markets Community Banking Marketplace Lending Retail and Commercial Women in Banking Weekly Top 10 American Banker Magazine Bulletin Sign Up Subscribe Like what you see? Make sure you're getting it all Independent and authoritative analysis and perspective for the banking industry Subscribe American Banker About Us Contact Us The Magazine Daily Report Banker's Glossary Site Map RSS Feed Privacy Policy Subscription Agreement Content Licensing/Reprints Advertising/Marketing Services © 2017 SourceMedia. All rights reserved.
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Johnson Matthey PLC - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Johnson Matthey PLC with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Amber Road Inc (AMBR) VP Sells $30,528.60 in Stock Insider Selling: Delek US Holdings, Inc. (DK) Director Sells $43,316.00 in Stock Insider Selling: Acme United Co. (ACU) CEO Sells $38,321.43 in Stock Insider Buying: Ryerson Holding Corp (RYI) CEO Purchases $43,800.00 in Stock First Defiance Financial (FDEF) Earns Daily News Impact Rating of 0.33 Och-Ziff Capital Management Group LLC (OZM) Downgraded by ValuEngine to Hold OM Asset Management PLC (OMAM) Downgraded by ValuEngine to Hold Petrobras Argentina SA (PZE) Upgraded to Strong-Buy by ValuEngine Patriot National Inc (PN) Lowered to “Sell” at ValuEngine Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd (RCL) Upgraded by ValuEngine to Buy Earthstone Energy (ESTE) Earns Coverage Optimism Rating of 0.27 Spark Investment Management LLC Increases Position in Wi-Lan Inc (WILN) MKS Instruments, Inc. (MKSI) Receives $79.75 Consensus Price Target from Brokerages Yahoo! Inc. (YHOO) Shares Bought by Axa Spark Investment Management LLC Has $1.67 Million Position in ClubCorp Holdings Inc (MYCC) Haverty Furniture Companies, Inc. (HVT) Given Average Recommendation of “Hold” by Analysts iShares NASDAQ Biotechnology Index (IBB) Position Held by Glassman Wealth Services First Interstate Bank Sells 85 Shares of Unilever NV (UN) First Interstate Bank Has $581,000 Position in Varian Medical Systems, Inc. (VAR) Tributary Capital Management LLC Sells 7,400 Shares of Citrix Systems, Inc. (CTXS) Johnson Matthey PLC (JMAT) Given “Neutral” Rating at JPMorgan Chase & Co. June 5th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Jeff Wilder Filed Under: Analyst Articles - UK - Finance Tweet JPMorgan Chase & Co. reiterated their neutral rating on shares of Johnson Matthey PLC (LON:JMAT) in a research report released on Friday. They currently have a GBX 3,200 ($41.10) price target on the stock. Other analysts have also issued reports about the company. Credit Suisse Group AG reaffirmed an outperform rating and issued a GBX 3,450 ($44.32) price target on shares of Johnson Matthey PLC in a research note on Friday, February 3rd. Numis Securities Ltd reaffirmed an add rating and issued a GBX 3,653 ($46.92) price target on shares of Johnson Matthey PLC in a research note on Friday, February 3rd. Liberum Capital reaffirmed a hold rating and issued a GBX 3,300 ($42.39) price target on shares of Johnson Matthey PLC in a research note on Thursday. Finally, Deutsche Bank AG lowered their price target on Johnson Matthey PLC from GBX 3,700 ($47.53) to GBX 3,600 ($46.24) and set a buy rating on the stock in a research note on Friday. Five analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and three have assigned a buy rating to the stock. Johnson Matthey PLC has a consensus rating of Hold and an average target price of GBX 3,447.88 ($44.29). Shares of Johnson Matthey PLC (LON:JMAT) traded down 0.92% on Friday, hitting GBX 3119.00. The company had a trading volume of 328,380 shares. The stock’s 50-day moving average is GBX 3,057.94 and its 200 day moving average is GBX 3,096.64. Johnson Matthey PLC has a 52 week low of GBX 2,774.00 and a 52 week high of GBX 3,568.00. The company’s market capitalization is GBX 5.98 billion. TRADEMARK VIOLATION WARNING: “Johnson Matthey PLC (JMAT) Given “Neutral” Rating at JPMorgan Chase & Co.” was published by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are viewing this report on another domain, it was copied illegally and reposted in violation of US & international copyright & trademark legislation. The legal version of this report can be accessed at https://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/06/05/johnson-matthey-plc-jmat-given-neutral-rating-at-jpmorgan-chase-co.html. The company also recently disclosed a dividend, which will be paid on Tuesday, August 1st. Investors of record on Thursday, June 8th will be issued a GBX 54.50 ($0.70) dividend. This represents a dividend yield of 1.76%. The ex-dividend date is Thursday, June 8th. This is an increase from Johnson Matthey PLC’s previous dividend of $20.50. In other news, insider Annette Kelleher acquired 12 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Wednesday, April 19th. The shares were purchased at an average price of GBX 2,914 ($37.43) per share, for a total transaction of £349.68 ($449.17). Insiders purchased a total of 36 shares of company stock worth $107,916 in the last quarter. Johnson Matthey PLC Company Profile Receive News & Ratings for Johnson Matthey PLC Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Johnson Matthey PLC and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Trump’s Tweets Complicate Already Complicated Week World Leaders Very Critical of Paris Agreement Decision by Trump Aide to President Trump Resigns With More Expected Scud-Class Missile Launched by North Korea Travel Ban Dealt Another Blow by Appeals Court © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Business #​{{::display_hashtag}} Business #​{{::display_hashtag}} {{article.article.pretty_date}} {{article.metrics.page_views}} Edit Post{{circ_link.title}} Building Strong Communities Starts With Sound Infrastructure {{article.article.images.featured.caption}} Most Read {{contrib_block.display_advoice_brand}} {{contrib_block.display_voice_type}} {{contrib_block.display_author.name}}Voice With {{contrib_block.authors[0].blogName}} JPMorgan Chase ,   {{contrib_block.display_author.type}} Contributor {{contrib_block.display_author.type}} Contributor Opinions expressed by Forbes Contributors are their own. Full Bio Recent Posts Popular Posts Full profile →'"> The author is a Forbes contributor. The opinions expressed are those of the writer. Loading ... Loading ... This story appears in the {{article.article.magazine.pretty_date}} issue of {{article.article.magazine.pubName}}. Subscribe By Peter Scher, Head of Corporate Responsibility, JPMorgan Chase & Co. Despite a recovering economy and relatively low unemployment, much of America’s physical infrastructure is in a state of extended disrepair. This is an accepted fact on both sides of the aisle and will require a mutual commitment to action to fix it. JPMorgan Chase Despite a recovering economy and relatively low unemployment, much of America’s physical infrastructure is in a state of extended disrepair. But while the need for increased investment in infrastructure is clear, what is often less recognized is that infrastructure goes well beyond the traditional image of trains, highways, bridges, airports, and ports. Local infrastructure is crucial for healthy communities to thrive and broadens the view of where resources are needed: transit to link neighborhoods to business and job centers; affordable housing units for workers; access to clean water and reliable electricity; and internet connectivity. All are necessary components to create an environment rich with opportunities for its citizens, and without them residents suffer. For instance, linking dislocated neighborhoods to job centers can provide tremendous employment opportunity for residents, but has proven a lingering problem to solve, and it is one that disproportionately—though not surprisingly—tends to affect low-income residents more. In fact, recent data from the JPMorgan Chase Institute1  found that Detroit residents made nearly 72 percent of their retail transactions outside their “20-minute neighborhood,” and that low-income residents had to travel 15 percent farther than high-income residents. Smart infrastructure investments that encourage growth and increase opportunity can clearly help address the shared economic challenges of our communities. Leaders in Washington, working closely alongside the country’s mayors and governors, can be the catalysts for a bipartisan, collaborative investment in America’s infrastructure that engages the business and nonprofit communities. There are already important examples of this collaborative approach at work that can help inspire new thinking: The M1 Railway The M1 Railway in Detroit, which JPMorgan Chase supports as part of its $100 million investment in the city, links Detroit’s downtown with surrounding neighborhoods and shows how infrastructure development can create economic opportunity in distressed areas. In addition to providing a much needed boost for Detroit’s public transit infrastructure, it also connects neighborhood residents to downtown jobs, and has helped spur development of new retail spaces along the M1 corridor, encouraging entrepreneurs and small business owners to locate in a high-traffic area. CDFIS Support for Community Development Financial Institutions (CDFIs) in Detroit, such as Invest Detroit and Capital Impact Partners, is fueling the development of new housing and retail centers in neighborhoods across the city, giving residents the chance to live, shop, and work locally instead of venturing far outside their neighborhood. PRO Neighborhoods PRO Neighborhoods – JPMorgan Chase’s $125 million, five-year initiative focused on neighborhood revitalization – works with local and regional organizations around the country to invest in sustainable projects, including local retail centers along transit corridors and accessible affordable housing. NatureVest NatureVest, an initiative managed by The Nature Conservancy and supported by JPMorgan Chase, is helping cities such as Washington, D.C. accelerate their use of green infrastructure to manage storm-water runoff by developing policy standards and financing tools that attract private capital to support these projects—creating both environmental and social benefits. Recently, NatureVest began working in Detroit to provide green infrastructure services to local businesses and technical assistance to the city as they develop the policy foundation needed to make green infrastructure investments durable. All of these examples show that in order for investments in infrastructure to be most effective, they have to extend past the shoulder of a highway or the piling of a bridge. We need to make sound, long-term commitments that help disconnected neighborhoods link more closely with available jobs and services, and we must provide support for communities to develop their own business districts and retail opportunities. Successful infrastructure programs that are designed to have a positive impact on communities are not built with a one- or even five-year window in mind; rather they are established to have an impact for decades. To develop an effective approach to this comprehensive national infrastructure investment, we need to constantly evaluate whether the strategies that incorporate local input as well as regional impact set the conditions for long-term economic growth. We need the business community to come together to create urgency around this issue, and to bring its unique capabilities to the table to strengthen the underlying systems required to deliver and sustain progress. Doing so will enable us to address our infrastructure needs at every level, and help expand the pathways to opportunity for communities around the world. Start Gallery Page {{article.article.page + 1}} / {{article.article.pages.length}} Continue {{article.article.calledOutCommentCount||''}}Comment on this story Print Send Us Feedback Report Corrections Reprints & Permissions Trending on Forbes {{channel_name}} false
POLITICO Magazine Magazine Home Today's Cover Opinion Latest Stories Weekly Email Signups What Works Policy Agriculture Cybersecurity Defense Education eHealth Energy & Environment Finance & Tax Health Care Employment & Immigration Technology Trade Transportation & Infrastructure https://www.politicopro.com Search Search Login Account Details Log In Log Out U.S. Edition Europe Edition POLITICO Media POLITICO Florida POLITICO New Jersey POLITICO New York Menu Sections Congress White House Magazine The Agenda Latest Election Results POLITICO Live POLITICO Live Home Upcoming Events Previous Events About POLITICO Live Multimedia All Video POLITICO Podcasts Playback Blogs & Columns Playbook Plus Roger Simon On Media Josh Gerstein Rich Lowry 45 Presidential Tracker Series What Works Women Rule POLITICO Caucus Agenda 2020 The First 100 Days: Trade Connect With Us 5 things to watch in Comey’s testimony on Trump and Russia GOP uncertainty over Obamacare drives out insurers Paul Ryan’s debt ceiling conundrum White-collar lawyers see opportunity in Trump scandals Trump ‘all in’ on Senate Obamacare repeal The Scandal Hiding In Plain Sight Politico Morning Money Political intelligence on the intersection of Washington and Wall Street Get the Morning Money Newsletter Email Sign Up By signing up you agree to receive email newsletters or alerts from POLITICO. You can unsubscribe at any time. Facebook Twitter Google + Email Print Economists for Hassett By Ben White and Aubree Eliza Weaver 06/05/2017 08:00 AM EDT FIRST LOOK: ECONOMISTS FOR HASSETT — A group of 44 economists from across the political spectrum is sending a letter to the Hill this morning in support of the nomination of AEI’s Kevin Hassett to be chair of President Trump’s Council of Economic Advisers. The signers include 14 former CEA Chairs, two former Fed Chairs and three deans. The list includes many leading conservative economists but also some major progressive names including Dean Baker and Jared Bernstein and former Obama administration CEA chairs Jason Furman, Austan Goolsbee and Alan Krueger. Story Continued Below From the letter: “While we disagree on many issues, as economists we all agree that the Nation would be well served if Kevin Hassett is confirmed … [W]e all believe that the formulation of economic policy would be advanced by the analysis and advice that Dr. Hassett would bring to the table” Full letter. INSIDE THE WHITE HOUSE CHIEF OF STAFF DRAMA — POLITICO’s Josh Dawsey and Ben White: “[White House chief of staff Reince Priebus] is a dead man walking, according to senior White House officials, advisers and others close to the president. Aides have begun speculating about his next job. … Yet he continues to show up for work every day as the chief-of-staff, even as headlines say he will be fired — if not today, then tomorrow or next week. “His greatest job security: There are few takers for what might be an unworkable gig. … Interviews with a dozen Trump officials and advisers suggest few expect Priebus to be long for the West Wing. A Trump adviser said the president has made no secret of his plans to remove Priebus and is in regular communication with a group of outside advisers about who could replace him. COHN FOR CHIEF? — “Even Priebus critics admit Trump makes the job difficult for him — and would be unlikely to accept a strong chief of staff, ruling out a number of people who might want the job. “Trump has asked a number of associates what they think of replacing Priebus with his top economic adviser Gary Cohn, who is close to Kushner and who, as a Democrat, would have a hard time wrangling Republicans on Capitol Hill. “Cohn is a hard-charging personality viewed as willing to impose significant discipline on a West Wing staff known for navigating around Priebus and free-lancing outside their main policy areas. But Cohn, along with other outside candidates, is likely to demand assurances from Trump before accepting the chief of staff job” Read more. CEOS COOL ON TRUMP — ICYMI my piece from Saturday with Annie Karni: “The relationship between corporate America and Donald Trump’s White House has chilled. The regular parades of business titans into the West Wing are gone. A gathering of executives led by Blackstone CEO Stephen Schwarzman initially planned for [this] week fell apart amid scheduling conflicts. “Chief executives and senior corporate lobbyists are also dismayed that the administration’s big Capitol Hill agenda — including repealing Obamacare and passing massive tax cuts — appears stalled. And the White House is now engaged in a very public fight with itself over how and when to raise the debt limit, a terrifying prospect for Wall Street and the rest of corporate America” Read more. WELCOME TO INFRASTRUCTURE WEEK — WaPo's John Wagner: “Trump will seek to put a spotlight on his vows to privatize the nation's air traffic control system and spur $1 trillion in new investment in roads, waterways and other infrastructure with a weeklong series of events starting Monday at the White House. “The events — billed as 'infrastructure week' — are part of a stepped-up effort since the president's return a week ago from his first foreign trip to show that the White House remains focused on its agenda, despite cascading headlines about investigations into his administration's ties to Russia” Read more. WALL STREET’S GRIM VIEW ON DC — Goldman’s Alec Phillips: “Political setbacks, a lack of consensus on policy priorities, the distraction of fiscal deadlines, and the prolonged consideration of health legislation have delayed consideration of tax reform and diminished expectations of major policy changes more generally “This looks likely to continue for another few months, in our view. Health legislation looks likely to take until at least July to resolve, and will probably end with a piecemeal approach … Fiscal deadlines will crowd the agenda again in Q3, including a debt limit debate as early as next month.” MORE THAN COMEY THIS WEEK — ABA’s Rob Nichols in his first Medium post: “As Washington focuses on former FBI Director James Comey’s testimony this week, something else will be happening in the nation’s capital that will have a far greater impact on the U.S. economy. “Congress and the administration will both take initial steps to fix regulatory rules that are hurting banks’ ability to serve their customers and communities … As soon as this week, the Treasury Department is due to release a much-anticipated report on potential reforms to bank regulation … Meanwhile, on the other end of Pennsylvania Avenue, Congress is moving forward on its own reform package” Read more. CRISIS IN GULF RELATIONS — Reuters: “Saudi Arabia broke diplomatic relations and all land sea and air contacts with fellow Gulf Arab state Qatar on Monday, saying the move was necessary to protect the kingdom from what it described as terrorism and extremism. “The United Arab Emirates, Bahrain and Egypt also cut ties with Qatar on Monday. Saudi Arabia's official state news agency, citing an official source, said the kingdom had decided to sever diplomatic and consular relations with Qatar ‘proceeding from the exercise of its sovereign right guaranteed by international law and the protection of national security from the dangers of terrorism and extremism’.” Read more. GOOD MONDAY MORNING — Welcome to the two month sprint to the August congressional recess. Debt limit drama ahead? Email me on bwhite@politico.com and follow me on Twitter @morningmoneyben. Email Aubree Eliza Weaver on aweaver@politico.com and follow her on Twitter @AubreeEWeaver. THIS MORNING ON POLITICO PRO FINANCIAL SERVICES — Zachary Warmbrodt on the Senate Democrats who, facing reelection in Trump country, are jumping into the debate over banks. To get Morning Money every day before 6 a.m., please contact Pro Services at (703) 341-4600 or info@politicopro.com. DRIVING THE WEEK — Former FBI director James Comey testifies Thursday before the Senate Intelligence Committee. Get the popcorn ready … Congress returns with 31 days in session before the August recess. Lot on deck including the need to lift the debt ceiling … House expected to vote Thursday on the CHOICE ACT 2.0 which should pass now that it doesn’t include Durbin amendment repeal. But it’s not going to pass the Senate in its current form … Trump expected to travel to the Midwest during the week to talk infrastructure and may visit London at the end of the week … Treasury may release at least some of its recommendations to alter financial regulations … Trump kicks off his infrastructure week Monday at 11:30 a.m. with an effort to privatize air traffic control … Productivity on Monday at 8:30 a.m. expected to decline 0.2 percent … ISM Non-manufacturing Monday at 10:00 a.m. expected to dip to 57.0 from 57.5. ** A message from JPMorgan Chase & Co.: Summer employment for teens isn’t a given, and opportunities for jobs have fallen to a near record low. This threatens to limit the immediate employment options available for them upon graduation and may impede economic growth overall. See why JPMorgan Chase is dedicated to providing more American teens with quality summer jobs: http://politi.co/2ruHGEv ** MERKEL VS TRUMP — In a remarkable piece drawing on private notes from the recent G-7 meeting, Der Spiegel writes that German Chancellor Angela Merkel’s “aim is that of creating an alliance against Trump. If she can't convince the U.S. president, her approach will be that of trying to isolate him. “In Taormina, it was six countries against one. Should Trump not reverse course, she is hoping that the G-20 in Hamburg in July will end 19:1. Whether she will be successful is unclear.” Read more. NO REAL PLAN ON INFRASTRUCTURE? — NYT’s Julie Hirschfeld Davis and Kate Kelly: “Trump will lay out a vision this coming week for sharply curtailing the federal government’s funding of the nation’s infrastructure … But the actual details of the initiative are unsettled, and a more intricate blueprint is still weeks or even months from completion. What the president will offer instead over the coming days, his advisers said, are the contours of a plan … “Mr. Cohn acknowledged that the White House did not have a detailed proposal ready to release. He said, for example, that no decision had been made on whether the infrastructure plan would ultimately be married to a tax measure. ‘It’s undetermined yet,’ Mr. Cohn said. ‘It may come before. It may come during. It may come after.’” Read more. FIRST “POST-RATIONALIST PRESIDENT”? — Larry Summers in the FT: “We may have our first post-rational president. Mr Trump has rejected the view of modern science on global climate change, has embraced economic forecasts and trade theories outside the range of reputable opinion, and relied on the idea of alternative facts rather than evidence-based truth.” Read more. LONDON ATTACKS SEND POUND DOWN — Bloomberg’s Adam Haigh: “The pound slipped after a terror attack in London and the yen held gains that came Friday in the wake of a weaker-than expected U.S. employment report. Stocks headed for a mixed start in Asia. “As investors weigh the implications of the latest terror incident at a popular London nightlife spot, the reaction in the British currency was muted. The euro was near its highest this year and the yen remained stronger they rallied at the end of last week after reports showed wage growth and hiring strength in the American labor market came in below forecasts.” Read more. WORLD BANK SEES GLOBAL ECONOMY GROWING 2.7 PERCENT — AP’s Paul Wiseman: “The world economy will pick up speed this year and next, helped by steadier commodity prices and a pickup in global trade, the World Bank said Sunday. The anti-poverty agency predicts 2.7 percent growth this year and 2.9 percent in 2018, improving on 2016's 2.4 percent expansion. “The bank sees the U.S. economy growing 2.1 percent this year, up from 1.6 percent in 2016, and the 19-country eurozone expanding 1.7 percent, down a notch from 1.8 percent. Japan is expected to grow 1.5 percent, fastest pace since 2013 and up from 1 percent last year. China's deceleration will continue - from 6.7 percent growth last year to 6.5 percent in 2017 to 6.3 percent in 2018” Read more. DEUTSCHE BANK IGNORES TRUMP/RUSSIA QUERY — Reuters’ Tom Sims: “Germany's largest bank has failed to respond to a request from Democrats on a U.S. House of Representatives panel for details about U.S. President Donald Trump's possible ties to Russia, a Democratic staffer said on Sunday. “Several Democrats on the U.S. House Financial Services Committee sent a letter last month to John Cryan, Chief Executive Officer of Deutsche Bank, seeking details that might show if Trump's loans for his real estate business were backed by the Russian government. The letter asked for details of internal reviews of Trump's transactions and gave the prominent German bank until Friday to respond” Read more. FRESH DOUBT RAISED OVER FED RATE RISE — FT’s Robin Wigglesworth: “A growing number of investors and analysts are questioning whether a widely-expected US interest rate increase at the Federal Reserve’s upcoming meeting is warranted in the face of subdued inflation and signs of weaker economic growth. “Minutes from the last central bank meeting indicate that policymakers are planning to tighten monetary policy again at the June 14 [FOMC] gathering, and financial markets are pricing in a 90 per cent probability of a quarter-point rate increase … However, US economic data have undershot forecasts. The implied probability of a Fed interest rate increase on June 14 and the Citi Economic Surprise Index … have diverged markedly since the beginning of May.” Read more. TRUMP ADMINISTRATION CONCERNED ABOUT U.S. FIRMS OFFERING VENEZUELA A FINANCIAL ‘LIFELINE’ — Reuters’ Matt Spetalnick and Girish Gupta: “The Trump administration is concerned about any action by U.S. companies that provides a financial lifeline to Venezuela's government, senior White House officials told Reuters, after Goldman Sachs Group Inc came under fire for purchasing $2.8 billion of state oil company bonds at a steep discount. “Venezuela’s political opposition and some U.S. lawmakers have condemned the purchase of so-called ‘hunger bonds’ as a way to prop up President Nicolas Maduro's cash-strapped government, accused of being behind food shortages affecting millions of Venezuelans in a worsening crisis. The New York-based investment bank said last week that it never transacted directly with Venezuelan authorities when it bought the bonds of oil firm PDVSA for pennies on the dollar.” Read more. AG TRADER HIRES JPMORGAN — FT’s Neil Hume, Arash Massoudi and James Fontanella-Khan: “Bunge, the US grain trader that is fending off takeover interest from Switzerland’s Glencore, has bolstered its defences with the appointment of advisers. The New York-listed company is working with JPMorgan Chase and law firm Shearman & Sterling as it seeks to remain independent. “Bunge, which signalled earlier this year that it was willing to be part of tie-ups in the sector, has said it is not in ‘business combinations’ discussions with Glencore and has refused to comment further. The unexpected approach from Glencore, caught company off-guard, as it had been focused on a partnership or merger with the miner’s agricultural arm, rather than a sale” Read more. ** A message from JPMorgan Chase & Co.: Tackling the teen unemployment crisis is a priority for cities across the United States. “It’s a moral and economic crisis that too many young people graduate high school without clear pathways to good jobs,” said Jamie Dimon, Chairman and CEO, JPMorgan Chase. JPMorgan Chase’s Summer Youth Employment Program has enhanced skill-based and career-specific job opportunities for young people all across the country. This commitment, combined with other local support, has created nearly 50,000 summer jobs for teens and is expanding to 19 cities this summer —putting teens on a path to greater economic opportunity. See how this all works together. http://politi.co/2ruHGEv ** « View Archives Authors: Ben White bwhite@politico.com @morningmoneyben Aubree Eliza Weaver aweaver@politico.com @AubreeEWeaver About The Author Ben White is POLITICO Pro's chief economic correspondent and author of the “Morning Money” column covering the nexus of finance and public policy. Prior to joining POLITICO in the fall of 2009, Mr. White served as a Wall Street reporter for the New York Times, where he shared a Society of Business Editors and Writers award for breaking news coverage of the financial crisis. From 2005 to 2007, White was Wall Street correspondent and U.S. Banking Editor at the Financial Times. White worked at the Washington Post for nine years before joining the FT. He served as national political researcher and research assistant to columnist David S. Broder and later as Wall Street correspondent. White, a 1994 graduate of Kenyon College, has two sons and lives in New York City. About The Author Aubree Eliza Weaver is a Web producer for POLITICO Pro. She graduated from Le Moyne College in her hometown of Syracuse, N.Y., where she was the editor-in-chief of her school’s newspaper, The Dolphin; co-hosted a political segment on the school’s news station, LCTV; and worked as a photography assistant in the Visual Arts department. As a student, Weaver interned with various communications organizations, including the publicity department of Regnery Publishing and serving as a news broadcast intern at Time Warner Cable’s Syracuse affiliate, YNN. Immediately following her graduation in May 2013, Weaver moved to D.C. to work as a summer program adviser for The Fund for American Studies’ Institute on Political Journalism, an educational nonprofit that offers courses, internships, lecture series and other opportunities for college students and recent grads. She was a student in the program in the summer of 2011, when she first fell in love with D.C. In her free time, Weaver loves to read and write (as all journalists do), play guitar until her fingers are numb, drink more coffee than she’d care to admit, and spend time with her family. Most Read Trump approval rating hits new low in Quinnipiac poll Trump White House lacks waivers for longtime lobbyists The Greatest Hearings in American History McCarthy: House will send Trump VA accountability bill next week Democrats zero in on voters who spurned them Big spending gap could decide Virginia governor primary White House again won't say if Trump has confidence in Sessions Trump ridicules 'obstructionist' Dems while calling on bipartisan support for infrastructure Morning Money - POLITICO Archive Thursday, 6/8/17 Wednesday, 6/7/17 Tuesday, 6/6/17 Monday, 6/5/17 Friday, 6/2/17 View the Full Morning Money Archives » Politico Magazine Comey's fizzle By Rich Lowry ‘If We Are Deported, Who Benefits?’ By Jessica Colotl The Greatest Hearings in American History By Joshua Zeitz Trump Joins the Campaign Against Qatar By Blake Hounshell More on POLITICO Core Footer - dropdown links U.S. Edition Europe Edition POLITICO Links News POLITICO Home Magazine 2016 Elections Congress Video Podcasts POLITICO Pro POLITICO Media POLITICO Florida POLITICO New Jersey POLITICO New York POLITICO Live Blogs, Columns & Cartoons Jack Shafer On Media Josh Gerstein Matt Wuerker Rich Lowry Cartoon Carousel Tipsheets The 2016 Blast Playbook Huddle The Friday Cover Influence Morning Agriculture Morning Cybersecurity Morning Defense Morning Education Morning eHealth Morning Energy Morning Money Morning Score Morning Shift Morning Tax Morning Tech Morning Trade Morning Transportation Pulse Prescription Pulse Policy Agriculture Campaigns Cybersecurity Defense Education eHealth Energy & Environment Finance & Tax Health Care Employment & Immigration Technology Trade Transportation & Infrastructure More Info About Us Advertising Breaking News Alerts Credit Card Payments Digital Edition Employment FAQ Feedback Headlines Photos POWERJobs Press Register Print Subscriptions RSS/Widgets Site Map Store © 2017 POLITICO LLC Terms of Service Privacy Policy
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Teck Resources Ltd - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Teck Resources Ltd with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Spark Investment Management LLC Invests $1.88 Million in North American Energy Partners Inc.(USA) (NOA) Renewable Energy Group Inc (REGI) Director Buys $55,700.00 in Stock Alliancebernstein L.P. Decreases Stake in Essex Property Trust Inc (ESS) Trueblue Inc (TBI) Position Raised by Alliancebernstein L.P. Cadence Capital Management LLC Has $762,000 Stake in Leggett & Platt, Inc. (LEG) Cadence Capital Management LLC Increases Stake in Comerica Incorporated (CMA) Coach Inc (COH) Stake Maintained by Ariel Investments LLC Cadence Capital Management LLC Lowers Stake in Six Flags Entertainment Corp (SIX) Ariel Investments LLC Increases Stake in Nordstrom, Inc. (JWN) Cadence Capital Management LLC Invests $668,000 in Concho Resources Inc (CXO) Cadence Capital Management LLC Takes Position in Humana Inc (HUM) Ariel Investments LLC Has $38.29 Million Stake in Blackstone Group LP (BX) DISH Network Corp (DISH) Stake Boosted by Cadence Capital Management LLC Concho Resources Inc (CXO) Stake Reduced by Alliancebernstein L.P. Alliancebernstein L.P. Sells 165,254 Shares of Southwest Gas Holdings Inc (SWX) Approach Resources (AREX) Given Media Impact Rating of -0.03 Achillion Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (ACHN) Expected to Announce Earnings of -$0.16 Per Share Comparing Xilinx (XLNX) and Sequans Communications SA (SQNS) Digital Turbine (APPS) Earns Daily News Impact Rating of -0.05 Archrock Partners (APLP) Earning Somewhat Critical Media Coverage, Study Finds Teck Resources Ltd (TECK) Upgraded to Overweight at JPMorgan Chase & Co. June 5th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Tyrone Williams Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Finance Tweet JPMorgan Chase & Co. upgraded shares of Teck Resources Ltd (NYSE:TECK) (TSE:TECK) from a neutral rating to an overweight rating in a research note released on Tuesday. Several other research analysts also recently commented on the company. Credit Suisse Group AG reissued an outperform rating on shares of Teck Resources in a research note on Tuesday, April 18th. Deutsche Bank AG raised Teck Resources from a hold rating to a buy rating and increased their price objective for the company from $24.00 to $25.00 in a research note on Tuesday, March 21st. Berenberg Bank raised Teck Resources from a hold rating to a buy rating in a research note on Wednesday, March 22nd. Clarkson Capital reissued a buy rating on shares of Teck Resources in a research note on Friday, May 19th. Finally, BMO Capital Markets initiated coverage on Teck Resources in a research note on Thursday, February 2nd. They issued an outperform rating for the company. One research analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, four have assigned a hold rating and twenty-one have issued a buy rating to the company. The company currently has an average rating of Buy and a consensus price target of $26.50. Shares of Teck Resources (NYSE TECK) opened at 17.47 on Tuesday. The company has a market cap of $10.09 billion, a PE ratio of 9.15 and a beta of 1.50. Teck Resources has a 12 month low of $10.61 and a 12 month high of $26.60. The company has a 50-day moving average of $19.45 and a 200 day moving average of $21.85. Teck Resources (NYSE:TECK) last posted its quarterly earnings data on Tuesday, April 25th. The basic materials company reported $0.88 EPS for the quarter, missing the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of $1.04 by $0.16. Teck Resources had a negative net margin of 1.42% and a positive return on equity of 1.13%. The firm had revenue of $2.89 billion during the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $3.05 billion. Teck Resources’s quarterly revenue was up 70.4% on a year-over-year basis. On average, analysts anticipate that Teck Resources will post $3.34 earnings per share for the current year. WARNING: “Teck Resources Ltd (TECK) Upgraded to Overweight at JPMorgan Chase & Co.” was first reported by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are accessing this news story on another publication, it was illegally copied and republished in violation of U.S. and international trademark & copyright laws. The original version of this news story can be read at https://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/06/05/teck-resources-ltd-teck-upgraded-to-overweight-at-jpmorgan-chase-co.html. The firm also recently disclosed a semiannual dividend, which will be paid on Friday, June 30th. Investors of record on Thursday, June 15th will be given a dividend of $0.0741 per share. This represents a dividend yield of 0.72%. This is an increase from Teck Resources’s previous semiannual dividend of $0.04. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Tuesday, June 13th. Teck Resources’s dividend payout ratio (DPR) is presently -53.33%. Teck Resources Company Profile Teck Resources Ltd is engaged in the business of exploring for, acquiring, developing and producing natural resources. The Company’s activities are organized into business units that are focused on steelmaking coal, copper, zinc and energy. It operates in five segments: steelmaking coal, copper, zinc, energy and corporate. Receive News & Ratings for Teck Resources Ltd Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Teck Resources Ltd and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Trump’s Tweets Complicate Already Complicated Week World Leaders Very Critical of Paris Agreement Decision by Trump Aide to President Trump Resigns With More Expected Scud-Class Missile Launched by North Korea Travel Ban Dealt Another Blow by Appeals Court © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home Mail Flickr Tumblr News Sports Finance Celebrity Answers Groups Mobile More Try Yahoo Finance on Firefox » Yahoo Search Search Sign in Finance Home Originals Events Personal Finance Technology Markets Industries My Screeners My Portfolio U.S. Markets close in 5 hrs 59 mins S&P 500 2,432.62 -0.52 (-0.02%) Dow 30 21,184.96 +11.27 (+0.05%) Nasdaq 6,295.74 -1.64 (-0.03%) JPMorgan CEO Dimon Says Seeking China JV With Full Control Philip Lagerkranser Bloomberg June 5, 2017 Reblog Share Tweet Share Jamie Dimon. Photographer: Christophe Morin/BloombergMore JPMorgan Chase & Co. Chief Executive Officer  Jamie Dimon, who in December agreed to exit a minority-owned Chinese investment-banking joint venture, said the U.S. bank is seeking to find a new structure that would eventually give it full control. “My longer-term dream is that we have, we own, 100 percent of something,” Dimon, 61, said Monday in an interview with Bloomberg Television’s Stephen Engle in Beijing. The CEO said he’ll be patient in negotiations with Chinese regulators. The process “is complicated, so we respect that and we tell them what we’d like and hope it’ll happen.” More from Bloomberg.com: Saudi-led Alliance Moves to Blockade Qatar Over Iran Tensions JPMorgan moved to sell its stake in JPMorgan First Capital Securities late last year after six years in the venture. Its partner, First Capital Securities Co., was to buy out JPMorgan from its one-third stake for 307 million yuan ($44 million at the time), the Chinese firm said in December. Since UBS Group AG and Goldman Sachs Group Inc. established Chinese joint ventures more than a decade ago, foreign banks have struggled to challenge local players. One competitive disadvantage is that Chinese rules limit them to minority stakes, reducing their sway over key decisions. China has made “huge progress” on market reforms, Dimon said, adding that he would like to increase his firm’s businesses in the nation. The firm’s businesses in China include corporate banking and stakes in a fund manager and in a commodities futures joint venture, according to the bank’s China website. More from Bloomberg.com: London Terror Attack Before Vote Leaves 7 Dead, Many Hurt The issue of control contributed to JPMorgan’s decision to sell its stake in the First Capital venture, whose business included equity and debt underwriting and mergers advisory. “Joint ventures by nature have sloppy corporate governance,” Dimon said. Any new venture structure would have to allow JPMorgan “a certain amount of management control,” he said. The bank said in February that it won approval to underwrite corporate bond sales in China’s interbank market. Dimon said JPMorgan would consider setting up a business in the Shanghai Free Trade Zone, without providing more specifics. As China’s leaders remain on track with financial and trade reforms, Dimon said he sees full yuan convertibility in the next five to 10 years. “Twenty years from now, they will house 35 percent of the Fortune 3000 and we should go for that,” Dimon said. “They’ve made huge progress in reforms, financial reforms, market reforms.” Updates with comments starting in second paragraph. More from Bloomberg.com As China Eyes Trade Growth, Europe Moves to Calm Wary Industries Trump Uses London Attack to Criticize Mayor, Promote Ban May Ramps Up Anti-Terror Rhetoric After Attack Kills Seven Read JPMorgan CEO Dimon Says Seeking China JV With Full Control on bloomberg.com Reblog Share Tweet Share Recently Viewed Your list is empty. What to Read Next Live donkey slaughtered by tigers at Chinese zoo as children watch Newsweek JPMorgan CEO Jamie Dimon: 'America has to get its act together' CNBC.com Russia and China Plan 'Enormous' Military Events and Cooperation After Successful South China Sea Drill Newsweek In Nod to China, South Korea Halts Deployment of THAAD Missile Defense Foreign Policy Magazine Social media explodes over Comey testimony CNBC After nearly 10 years as a financial planner, the first 2 questions I ask every client have nothing to do with money Business Insider Sears is closing 72 stores — here's the full list Business Insider What to Watch in the Markets Thursday, June 8 Yahoo Finance Video Infrastructure stocks aren't buying Trump's infrastructure talk Yahoo Finance Why Amazon decided to offer an even cheaper version of Prime Yahoo Finance 10 ways you’re wasting money on travel Yahoo Finance Stephen Curry has a great perspective on having a smaller salary than 81 other NBA players Business Insider Yext CEO: Still in the "early innings" of growth Yahoo Finance Video Comey speaks — What you need to know in markets on Thursday Yahoo Finance 'Psychologically scarred' millennials are killing dozens of industries — and it's their parents' fault Business Insider Qatar's $21B deal to buy F-15s moving forward amid diplomatic battle Fox Business Social media explodes over Comey testimony stormhawk31: Seriously, how many times, and by how many knowledgeable people, both Republican and Democrat, do you idiots have to be told "There is absolutely no evidence of ANY 'collusion'", before you get it? Trump isn't even under investigation, and NEVER has been. I mean, do you idiots even understand English? Apparently not. Join the Conversation 1 / 5 180
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Intesa Sanpaolo Spa - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Intesa Sanpaolo Spa with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Scandium International Mining Corp (EMC) PT Raised to C$3.90 Evotec AG (EVT) PT Set at €13.00 by Berenberg Bank BRP Inc (DOO) PT Raised to C$41.00 at Scotiabank BRP Inc (DOO) PT Raised to C$42.00 Zacks Investment Research Lowers Ladder Capital Corp (LADR) to Sell Hugo Boss AG (BOSS) Given a €64.00 Price Target at Barclays PLC TD Securities Lowers Ikkuma Resources Corp (IKM) Price Target to C$1.05 Societe Generale Reiterates “€24.00” Price Target for Carrefour SA (CA) Benitec Biopharma’s (BNTC) “Hold” Rating Reaffirmed at Maxim Group National-Oilwell Varco, Inc. (NOV) PT Set at $38.00 by Jefferies Group LLC Capitala Finance Corp (CPTA) PT Set at $15.00 by Keefe, Bruyette & Woods BMO Capital Markets Reiterates “$23.00” Price Target for Empire State Realty Trust Inc (ESRT) Kindred Biosciences Inc (KIN) Rating Increased to Buy at Zacks Investment Research Littelfuse, Inc. (LFUS) Stock Rating Lowered by Zacks Investment Research Landec Co. (LNDC) Rating Increased to Hold at Zacks Investment Research LG Display Co Ltd. (LPL) Stock Rating Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research NEX Group PLC (NXG) PT Raised to GBX 745 Zacks Investment Research Upgrades Cumulus Media Inc (CMLS) to “Buy” Oppenheimer Holdings Inc. Reiterates Outperform Rating for Analog Devices, Inc. (ADI) Carolina Financial Corp (CARO) Stock Rating Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research Intesa Sanpaolo Spa (ISNPY) Upgraded to Overweight by JPMorgan Chase & Co. June 4th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Stacy Sanders Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Finance Tweet JPMorgan Chase & Co. upgraded shares of Intesa Sanpaolo Spa (OTCMKTS:ISNPY) from a neutral rating to an overweight rating in a research note issued to investors on Tuesday. Other equities research analysts also recently issued reports about the company. Jefferies Group LLC downgraded Intesa Sanpaolo Spa from a buy rating to a hold rating in a research report on Thursday, May 25th. Zacks Investment Research downgraded Intesa Sanpaolo Spa from a hold rating to a sell rating in a research report on Tuesday, May 30th. One research analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, two have given a hold rating and two have issued a buy rating to the company. Intesa Sanpaolo Spa currently has an average rating of Hold. Intesa Sanpaolo Spa (OTCMKTS ISNPY) opened at 17.795 on Tuesday. The company’s 50-day moving average price is $17.78 and its 200 day moving average price is $15.61. The stock has a market capitalization of $53.44 billion, a P/E ratio of 14.328 and a beta of 1.44. Intesa Sanpaolo Spa has a 52-week low of $10.08 and a 52-week high of $19.05. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION NOTICE: This report was published by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are accessing this report on another site, it was copied illegally and reposted in violation of United States & international copyright law. The correct version of this report can be viewed at https://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/06/04/intesa-sanpaolo-spa-isnpy-upgraded-to-overweight-by-jpmorgan-chase-co.html. Intesa Sanpaolo Spa Company Profile Intesa Sanpaolo S.p.A. is a banking company. The Company’s segments include Banca dei Territori, Corporate and Investment Banking, International Subsidiary Banks, Asset Management, Private Banking and Insurance. The Banca dei Territori division includes the Company’s traditional lending and deposit collecting activities. Receive News & Ratings for Intesa Sanpaolo Spa Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Intesa Sanpaolo Spa and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Trump’s Tweets Complicate Already Complicated Week World Leaders Very Critical of Paris Agreement Decision by Trump Aide to President Trump Resigns With More Expected Scud-Class Missile Launched by North Korea Travel Ban Dealt Another Blow by Appeals Court © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 5 June 2017 by Maciej Heyman ALD Launches Its Initial Public Offering on the Regulated Market of Euronext Paris. Indicative Price Range of €14.20 to €17.40 per Share PARIS, June 5, 2017 /PRNewswire/ — Do not distribute, directly or indirectly, in the United States, Canada, Australia or Japan. Indicative Offering Price range applicable to the French retail offering („French Public Offering”) and the international offering („International Offering”, and together with the French Public Offering, the „Global Offering”): between €14.20 and €17.40 per share Initial size of the Global Offering: 80.820.728(the „Selling Shareholder”) (the „Firm Shares”), representing 20% of the ALD’s share capital Based on the indicative Offering Price range, the initial size of the Global Offering is between approximately €1,148 million and €1,406 million Over-allotment option: the stabilizing manager, on behalf of the underwriters, has been granted an option to purchase additional existing shares sold by the Selling Shareholder that represent up to 15% of the Firm Shares, ie a maximum of 12,123,109 additional shares (the „Option Shares” and together with the Firm Shares, the „Offered Shares”). Assuming the exercise in full of the overallotment option, the total size of the Global Offering is between approximately €1,320million and €1,617 million The French Public Offering will start on 5 June 2017 and is expected to close on 14 June 2017 at 5:00 PM (Paris time) for orders made at the branches of financial institutions and 8:00 PM (Paris time) for orders placed online The International Offering will start on 5 June 2017 and is expected to close on 15 June 2017 at 1:00 PM (Paris time) The pricing of the Global Offering is expected to take place on 15 June 2017 ALD’s shares are expected to start trading on the regulated market of Euronext Paris on 16 June 2017 on an as-if-and-when-delivered basis The settlement and delivery of the Global Offering is expected on 19 June 2017 The IPO is intended to enable the Group to gain visibility and reputation in the mobility ecosystem as well as to access to new means of financing and to increase its capacity to accelerate its development and to seize new growth opportunities in both the corporate and B2C markets ALD, a global leader in full service vehicle leasing and fleet management services, managing more than 1.4 million vehicles countries, today announces the launch of its initial public offering (the „IPO”) on the regulated market of Euronext Paris (Compartment A). The French Autorité des marchés financiers (AMF) granted on 2 June 2017 visa number 17-252 for a prospectus which consists of an English-language registration document filed with the AMF on 11 May 2017 under number I.17-042, an English-language securities note and an English and French-language summary of the prospectus (included in the securities note).      (Logo: http://mma.prnewswire.com/media/518717/ALD_Logo.jpg ) The indicative offering price range (the „Offering Price range”) is set between €14.20 to €17.40 per share. The first day of trading on the regulated market of Euronext Paris is expected to be 16 June 2017 on as-if and-when delivered basis. Mike Masterson, CEO of ALD, said: „This IPO marks an important step in ALD’s development. Over the past few years, our group has recorded solid and continued growth, and we have constantly invested in the development of new, innovative solutions for our clients and partners. Thanks to our robust business model, our dedicated and experienced teams and our global footprint, we are confident in our ability to continue to deliver profitable growth in line with the Group’s vision: to be at the forefront of change in the mobility sector.” STRUCTURE OF THE GLOBAL OFFERING The Offered Shares are being offered as part of the Global Offering consisting of: an international offering (the „International Offering”) primarily to institutional investors, which will be composed of: a private placement in France; and an international private placement in certain other countries, including in the United States to qualified institutional buyers in reliance on Rule 144A („Rule 144A”) under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the „Securities Act”), and outside of the United States in reliance on Regulation S („Regulation S”) under the Securities Act; and a public offering in France, by way of an open price offer (offre à prix ouvert) (the „French Public Offering”). At least 10% of the total number of shares offered in the Global Offering, prior exercise of the over-allotment option (the „Over-Allotment Option”), will be allocated to the French Public Offering provided there is sufficient demand. If demand in the French Public Offering is less than 10% of the Offered Shares in the Global Offering (excluding the exercise of the Over-Allotment Option), the remaining Firm Shares not allocated to the French Public Offering will be allocated under the International Offering. Purchase orders will be categorized by the number of shares requested:    • A1 orders: between 10 and 200 shares (included);    • A2 orders: more than 200 shares. The A1 orders will benefit from preferential treatment as compared to the A2 orders in the event that all A orders cannot be satisfied in their entirety. It is further specified that each order should be placed for a minimum number of 10 shares. SIZE OF THE GLOBAL OFFERING The Global Offering consists of 80,820,728 existing shares sold by the Selling Shareholder, which number may be increased to a maximum of 92,943,837 shares sold by Selling Shareholder in the event of the exercise in full of the Over-Allotment Option. The stabilizing manager, on behalf of the underwriters, has been granted an option to purchase additional existing shares sold by the Selling Shareholder that represent up to 15% of the Firm Shares, ie a maximum of 12,123,109 Offered Shares. Including overallotment option, the total size of the Global Offering is between approximately €1,320 million and €1,617 million. STABILIZATION J.P. Morgan Securities PLC (or any entity acting on its behalf), acting as stabilizing manager on behalf of the underwriters, may (but is under no obligation to) carry any and all stabilization operations deemed useful aiming to support ALD’s share price in accordance with applicable laws and regulations, in particular the provisions of EU Parliament and Council Regulation 596/2014 of 16 April 2014 and Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2016/1052 of 8 March 2016. There is, however, no obligation for the stabilizing manager to undertake such transactions and such transactions, if commenced, may be discontinued at any time and without warning. Stabilization transactions are intended to support the market price of the shares and may support a price higher than that which might otherwise prevail in the open market. In the event that the stabilizing manager undertakes stabilization transactions, such transactions may take place at any time during 30 calendar days following the determination of the Offering Price, or any time between 15 June 2017 and 14 July 2017, according to the indicative timetable. The stabilizing manager will ensure that the public and the competent market regulators are informed in accordance with Article 5.5 of the Regulation and Article 6 of the Delegated Regulation. Therefore, during the stabilization period, the persons designated as responsible ensure adequate public disclosure of the details of all stabilization transactions no later than the end of the seventh daily market session following the date of such transactions. The Joint Global Coordinators, Joint Lead Managers and Joint Bookrunners, on behalf of the underwriters, may decide to over-allot up to the number of shares covered by the Over-Allotment Option increased, as the case may be, by a number of shares representing 5% of the aggregate amount of the Offering, in accordance with Article 8 (b) of the Delegated Regulation. In compliance with Article 7.1 of the Delegated Regulation, stabilization transactions may not be effected at a price greater than the Offering Price. THE INDICATIVE OFFERING PRICE RANGE For information purposes, the indicative Offering Price range is set between €14.20 and €17.40 per share. This price range for the Offering is indicative only and the Offering Price may be set outside of this range. The indicative Offering Price range may be modified at any time up to and including the date of the determination of the Offering Price. In the event that the high end of the indicative Offering Price range is increased, or in the event that the Offering Price is set above the high end of the indicative Offering Price range, the closing date of the French Public Offering will be deferred or a new offering period will be opened, as applicable, so that there are at least two market days between the press release announcing such change and the revised closing date of the French Public Offering. Purchase orders placed in connection with the French Public Offering prior to the date of such press release will be maintained unless they are expressly revoked prior to or on the revised closing date of the French Public Offering. The Offering Price may be fixed below the indicative Offering Price range without restriction or the low end of the indicative Offering Price range may be lowered without restriction, provided that there is no material impact on the other terms and conditions of the Offering. INDICATIVE TIMETABLE FOR THE GLOBAL OFFERING The offering period for the French Public Offering will open on 5 June 2017 and is expected to close on 14 June 2017 at 5:00 PM (Paris time) for orders made at the branches of financial institutions and 8:00 PM (Paris time) for orders placed online. The offering period for the International Offering will open on 5 June 2017 and is expected to close on 15 June 2017 at 1:00 PM (Paris time), subject to early closing or extension. Orders made by retail investors via the Internet in the French Public Offering will be revocable, via the Internet, until the closing of the French Public Offering (on 14 June 2017 at 8:00 PM, Paris time). Individuals are responsible for liaising with their respective financial intermediaries in order to confirm whether the orders submitted by other means are revocable and if so under what conditions (including whether orders submitted via the Internet can be revoked by means other than via the Internet). Any order issued in the context of the International Offering can be revoked through the Joint Global Coordinators, and Joint Bookrunners listed below having received the relevant order until until 15 June 2017 at 1:00 PM (Paris time), unless the offering period is closed early or postponed. The Offering Price is expected to be determined on 15 June 2017. Trading of the shares is expected to start on 16 June 2017, on the regulated market of Euronext Paris under the ticker symbol „ALD AIW (as-if-and-when-delivered”) until the settlement date. The date of the settlement and delivery of the Offering is expected to occur on 19 June 2017, provided that the Offering Price is determined on 15 June 2017. Trading of the shares is expected to start on 20 June 2017 on the regulated market of Euronext Paris on a listing line called „ALD”. REASONS FOR THE OFFERING The listing of the shares on Euronext Paris is intended to enable ALD to gain visibility and reputation in the mobility ecosystem as well as to access to new means of financing and to increase its capacity to accelerate its development and to seize new growth opportunities in both the corporate and B2C markets. The Selling Shareholder will receive the net proceeds from the sale of the Firm Shares and, if the Over-Allotment Option is exercised, from the sale of the Offered Shares. UNDERWRITING SYNDICATE Credit Suisse Securities (Europe) Limited, JP Morgan Securities plc and Societe Generale Corporate & Investment Banking, are acting as Joint Global Coordinators on the IPO, and BofA Merrill Lynch, Barclays Bank PLC, acting for its investment bank („Barclays”), Citigroup Global Markets Limited, Deutsche Bank AG, London Branch, HSBC are acting as Joint Bookrunners. BBVA, Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank, ING, RBC Capital Markets, Unicredit Corporate & Investment Banking are acting as co-lead managers. Rothschild is acting as financial adviser to Societe Generale. LOCK-UP UNDERTAKINGS ALD will agree to a lock-up undertaking during the period beginning from the date of the underwriting agreement and continuing to and including the date which is 180 days after the settlement date of the Offering, without the prior written consent of the global coordinators, subject to certain exceptions. Societe Generale will agree to a lock-up undertaking during the period beginning from the date of the underwriting agreement and continuing to and including the date which is 180 days after the settlement date of the Offering, without the prior written consent of the global Coordinators, subject to certain exceptions. INFORMATION AVAILABLE TO THE PUBLIC Copies of the prospectus that has been granted visa number 17-252 by the AMF on 2 June 2017, consisting of a an English-language registration document filed with the AMF on 11 May 2017 under number I.17-042, an English-language securities note and an English- and French-language summary of the prospectus (included in the securities note) are available free of charge and upon request to the Company (Tour Societe Generale « Chassagne », 15-17 Cours Valmy, 92 800 Puteaux) and on the Company’s (www.ald-ipo.com) and the AMF’s (www.amf-france.org ) websites. ALD draws the public’s attention to Chapter 4 „Risk Factors” of the registration document and Section 2 of the securities note. Such risks as discussed therein, should they materialize, could have a material adverse effect on the Company’s business, financial condition, results of operation or prospects, as well as on the market price of the shares. Contacts: ALD – Investor Relations: Hans van Beeck +33-(0)1-57-29-36-60 investor.relations@aldautomotive.com ALD – Media: Agnès Catineau, Hugues Boëton +33-(0)1-53-96-83-83 ald@brunswickgroup.com ALD ALD is the operational leasing and fleet management business line of Societe Generale the largest providers in Europe and a company of reference on its market: Operates directly in 41 countries, Employs over 6,000 staff, Manages 1.41 million vehicles (at 31 March 2017). Combining professionalism and quality of services provides companies with value-added integrated solutions at both national and international levels. For more information, you can follow us on LinkedIn or visit www.ALDAutomotive.com. Disclaimer This announcement does not, and shall not, in any circumstances constitute a public offering or an offer to subscribe shares nor an invitation to the public in connection with any public offering. No communication or other information related to this transaction or to ALD may be distributed to the public in any jurisdiction where approval or registration is required. No steps have been or will be taken by the company in any country (other than France) where such steps would be required. The purchase of ALD shares may be subject to specific legal or regulatory restrictions in certain jurisdictions. ALD assumes no responsibility for any violation of any such restrictions by any person. This press release does not constitute a prospectus within the meaning of Directive 2003/71/CE of the European Parliament and Council dated November 4, 2003, to the extent implemented in the relevant member states of the European Economic Area (together, the „Prospectus Directive„). This press release is an advertisement. In France, an offer of securities to the public may only be made pursuant to a prospectus which has received an AMF visa. With respect to the member states of the European Economic Area other than France (the „Member States„) having implemented the Prospectus Directive into law, no action has been or will be taken in order to permit a public offer of the securities which would require the publication of a prospectus in one of such Member States. Consequently, the securities cannot be offered and will not be offered in any Member State (other than France), except in accordance with the exemptions set out in Article 3(2) of the Prospectus Directive, if they have been implemented in the relevant Member State(s) or in the other cases which do not require the publication by ALD of a prospectus pursuant to the Prospectus Directive and/or applicable regulation in the Member States. The distribution of this press release is not made, and has not been approved, by an „authorized person” within the meaning of Article 21(1) of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000. As a consequence, this press release is addressed to and directed only at persons who (i) are located outside the United Kingdom, (ii) have professional experience in matters relating to investments within the meaning of Article 19(5) („investment professionals”) of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (Financial Promotions) Order 2005, (iii) are persons falling within Article 49(2)(a) to (d) (high net worth companies, unincorporated associations, etc.) of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (Financial Promotion) Order 2005 or (iv) are persons to whom this press release may otherwise lawfully be communicated (all such persons together being referred to as „Relevant Persons„). The securities of ALD are directed only at Relevant Persons and no invitation, offer or agreement to subscribe, purchase or otherwise acquire the securities of ALD may be proposed or made other than with Relevant Persons. Any person other than a Relevant Person may not act or rely on this document or any provision thereof. This press release is not a prospectus which has been approved by the Financial Services Authority or any other United Kingdom regulatory authority for the purposes of Section 85 of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000. These materials are not an offer for sale of nor an invitation to purchase or to subscribe for ALD securities in the United States or in any other jurisdiction (other than France). ALD securities may not be offered, subscribed for, pledged, sold or otherwise transferred in the United States absent registration or an exemption from registration under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the „U.S. Securities Act„), and in compliance with any applicable state securities laws. ALD shares have not been and will not be registered under the U.S. Securities Act and ALD does not intend to undertake a public offering of its securities in the United States. Any shares sold in the United States will be sold only to „qualified institutional buyers” (as defined in Rule 144A under the U.S. Securities Act, as amended) pursuant to Rule 144A. Circulation of this press release in certain countries may result in a violation of applicable law. The information contained in this document does not constitute an offer of securities for sale in Canada, Australia or Japan. This press release should not be published, circulated or distributed, directly or indirectly, within the United States, Canada, Australia or Japan. From the announcement date of the Global Offering price and during a period ending 30 calendar days later (i.e., according to the expected timetable, until July 14, 2017, included), J.P. Morgan Securities PLC , acting as stabilizing agent may, without any obligation, in compliance with laws and regulations, in particular EU Parliament and Council Regulation 596/2014 of 16 April 2014 and Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2016/1052 of 8 March 2016 on market abuse, effect transactions with a view to maintaining the market price of the ALD shares on the regulated market of Euronext Paris. In compliance with Article 7.1 of the Delegated Regulation (EU) 2016/1052 of 8 March 2016, the stabilization activities shall not in any circumstances be executed above the Global Offering price. Such stabilization activities may affect the price of the shares and may conduct to the fixing of the market price higher than the one which would otherwise be fixed. Even if stabilization activities were carried out, J.P. Morgan Securities PLC may, at any time, decide to stop such activities. Information of the competent market authorities and the public will be made in compliance with Article 5 of the above mentioned Regulation. In compliance with the provisions of Article 8(b)) of the above mentioned Delegated Regulation, the Joint Global Coordinators, Joint Lead Managers and Joint Bookrunners, acting on behalf of the underwriters of the Global Offering, may, over-allot in the context of the Global Offering at the number of shares covered by the over-allotment option, plus, if applicable, 5% of the Global Offering (excluding the exercise of the over-allotment option). The contents of this announcement have been prepared by and are the sole responsibility of ALD. None of Credit Suisse Securities (Europe) Limited, JP Morgan Securities PLC, Societe Generale, Barclays Bank PLC, Citigroup Global Markets Limited, Deutsche Bank AG, London Branch, HSBC France, Merrill Lynch International, Banco Bilbao Vizcaya Argentaria S.A., Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank, ING Bank N.V., RBC Europe Limited and Unicredit Bank AG, Milan Branch or any of their respective directors, officers, employees, advisers or agents accepts any responsibility or liability whatsoever for or makes any representation or warranty, express or implied, as to the truth, accuracy or completeness of the information in this announcement (or whether any information has been omitted from the announcement) or any other information relating to ALD, its subsidiaries or associated companies, whether written, oral or in a visual or electronic form, and howsoever transmitted or made available or for any loss howsoever arising from any use of this announcement or its contents or otherwise arising in connection therewith. Credit Suisse Securities (Europe) Limited, JP Morgan Securities PLC, Societe Generale, Barclays Bank PLC, Citigroup Global Markets Limited, Deutsche Bank AG, London Branch, HSBC France, Merrill Lynch International, Banco Bilbao Vizcaya Argentaria S.A., Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank, ING Bank N.V., RBC Europe Limited and Unicredit Bank AG, Milan Branch are acting for ALD, and no one else in connection with this announcement and will not be responsible to anyone other than ALD, for providing the protections afforded to their clients, or for giving advice in connection with this announcement or any matter referred to herein. This is a disclosure announcement from PR Newswire. SOURCE ALD S.A CategoriesUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Server Systems Market 2017: Production, Sales, Supply, Demand, Analysis & Forecast to 2021 Next PostNext RFID Tag Market to 2021 Major Manufacturers, Growth Factors, Industry Size Analysis Posted on 5 June 2017 by Maciej Heyman ALD Launches Its Initial Public Offering on the Regulated Market of Euronext Paris. Indicative Price Range of €14.20 to €17.40 per Share PARIS, June 5, 2017 /PRNewswire/ — Do not distribute, directly or indirectly, in the United States, Canada, Australia or Japan. Indicative Offering Price range applicable to the French retail offering („French Public Offering”) and the international offering („International Offering”, and together with the French Public Offering, the „Global Offering”): between €14.20 and €17.40 per share Initial size of the Global Offering: 80.820.728(the „Selling Shareholder”) (the „Firm Shares”), representing 20% of the ALD’s share capital Based on the indicative Offering Price range, the initial size of the Global Offering is between approximately €1,148 million and €1,406 million Over-allotment option: the stabilizing manager, on behalf of the underwriters, has been granted an option to purchase additional existing shares sold by the Selling Shareholder that represent up to 15% of the Firm Shares, ie a maximum of 12,123,109 additional shares (the „Option Shares” and together with the Firm Shares, the „Offered Shares”). Assuming the exercise in full of the overallotment option, the total size of the Global Offering is between approximately €1,320million and €1,617 million The French Public Offering will start on 5 June 2017 and is expected to close on 14 June 2017 at 5:00 PM (Paris time) for orders made at the branches of financial institutions and 8:00 PM (Paris time) for orders placed online The International Offering will start on 5 June 2017 and is expected to close on 15 June 2017 at 1:00 PM (Paris time) The pricing of the Global Offering is expected to take place on 15 June 2017 ALD’s shares are expected to start trading on the regulated market of Euronext Paris on 16 June 2017 on an as-if-and-when-delivered basis The settlement and delivery of the Global Offering is expected on 19 June 2017 The IPO is intended to enable the Group to gain visibility and reputation in the mobility ecosystem as well as to access to new means of financing and to increase its capacity to accelerate its development and to seize new growth opportunities in both the corporate and B2C markets ALD, a global leader in full service vehicle leasing and fleet management services, managing more than 1.4 million vehicles countries, today announces the launch of its initial public offering (the „IPO”) on the regulated market of Euronext Paris (Compartment A). The French Autorité des marchés financiers (AMF) granted on 2 June 2017 visa number 17-252 for a prospectus which consists of an English-language registration document filed with the AMF on 11 May 2017 under number I.17-042, an English-language securities note and an English and French-language summary of the prospectus (included in the securities note).      (Logo: http://mma.prnewswire.com/media/518717/ALD_Logo.jpg ) The indicative offering price range (the „Offering Price range”) is set between €14.20 to €17.40 per share. The first day of trading on the regulated market of Euronext Paris is expected to be 16 June 2017 on as-if and-when delivered basis. Mike Masterson, CEO of ALD, said: „This IPO marks an important step in ALD’s development. Over the past few years, our group has recorded solid and continued growth, and we have constantly invested in the development of new, innovative solutions for our clients and partners. Thanks to our robust business model, our dedicated and experienced teams and our global footprint, we are confident in our ability to continue to deliver profitable growth in line with the Group’s vision: to be at the forefront of change in the mobility sector.” STRUCTURE OF THE GLOBAL OFFERING The Offered Shares are being offered as part of the Global Offering consisting of: an international offering (the „International Offering”) primarily to institutional investors, which will be composed of: a private placement in France; and an international private placement in certain other countries, including in the United States to qualified institutional buyers in reliance on Rule 144A („Rule 144A”) under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the „Securities Act”), and outside of the United States in reliance on Regulation S („Regulation S”) under the Securities Act; and a public offering in France, by way of an open price offer (offre à prix ouvert) (the „French Public Offering”). At least 10% of the total number of shares offered in the Global Offering, prior exercise of the over-allotment option (the „Over-Allotment Option”), will be allocated to the French Public Offering provided there is sufficient demand. If demand in the French Public Offering is less than 10% of the Offered Shares in the Global Offering (excluding the exercise of the Over-Allotment Option), the remaining Firm Shares not allocated to the French Public Offering will be allocated under the International Offering. Purchase orders will be categorized by the number of shares requested:    • A1 orders: between 10 and 200 shares (included);    • A2 orders: more than 200 shares. The A1 orders will benefit from preferential treatment as compared to the A2 orders in the event that all A orders cannot be satisfied in their entirety. It is further specified that each order should be placed for a minimum number of 10 shares. SIZE OF THE GLOBAL OFFERING The Global Offering consists of 80,820,728 existing shares sold by the Selling Shareholder, which number may be increased to a maximum of 92,943,837 shares sold by Selling Shareholder in the event of the exercise in full of the Over-Allotment Option. The stabilizing manager, on behalf of the underwriters, has been granted an option to purchase additional existing shares sold by the Selling Shareholder that represent up to 15% of the Firm Shares, ie a maximum of 12,123,109 Offered Shares. Including overallotment option, the total size of the Global Offering is between approximately €1,320 million and €1,617 million. STABILIZATION J.P. Morgan Securities PLC (or any entity acting on its behalf), acting as stabilizing manager on behalf of the underwriters, may (but is under no obligation to) carry any and all stabilization operations deemed useful aiming to support ALD’s share price in accordance with applicable laws and regulations, in particular the provisions of EU Parliament and Council Regulation 596/2014 of 16 April 2014 and Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2016/1052 of 8 March 2016. There is, however, no obligation for the stabilizing manager to undertake such transactions and such transactions, if commenced, may be discontinued at any time and without warning. Stabilization transactions are intended to support the market price of the shares and may support a price higher than that which might otherwise prevail in the open market. In the event that the stabilizing manager undertakes stabilization transactions, such transactions may take place at any time during 30 calendar days following the determination of the Offering Price, or any time between 15 June 2017 and 14 July 2017, according to the indicative timetable. The stabilizing manager will ensure that the public and the competent market regulators are informed in accordance with Article 5.5 of the Regulation and Article 6 of the Delegated Regulation. Therefore, during the stabilization period, the persons designated as responsible ensure adequate public disclosure of the details of all stabilization transactions no later than the end of the seventh daily market session following the date of such transactions. The Joint Global Coordinators, Joint Lead Managers and Joint Bookrunners, on behalf of the underwriters, may decide to over-allot up to the number of shares covered by the Over-Allotment Option increased, as the case may be, by a number of shares representing 5% of the aggregate amount of the Offering, in accordance with Article 8 (b) of the Delegated Regulation. In compliance with Article 7.1 of the Delegated Regulation, stabilization transactions may not be effected at a price greater than the Offering Price. THE INDICATIVE OFFERING PRICE RANGE For information purposes, the indicative Offering Price range is set between €14.20 and €17.40 per share. This price range for the Offering is indicative only and the Offering Price may be set outside of this range. The indicative Offering Price range may be modified at any time up to and including the date of the determination of the Offering Price. In the event that the high end of the indicative Offering Price range is increased, or in the event that the Offering Price is set above the high end of the indicative Offering Price range, the closing date of the French Public Offering will be deferred or a new offering period will be opened, as applicable, so that there are at least two market days between the press release announcing such change and the revised closing date of the French Public Offering. Purchase orders placed in connection with the French Public Offering prior to the date of such press release will be maintained unless they are expressly revoked prior to or on the revised closing date of the French Public Offering. The Offering Price may be fixed below the indicative Offering Price range without restriction or the low end of the indicative Offering Price range may be lowered without restriction, provided that there is no material impact on the other terms and conditions of the Offering. INDICATIVE TIMETABLE FOR THE GLOBAL OFFERING The offering period for the French Public Offering will open on 5 June 2017 and is expected to close on 14 June 2017 at 5:00 PM (Paris time) for orders made at the branches of financial institutions and 8:00 PM (Paris time) for orders placed online. The offering period for the International Offering will open on 5 June 2017 and is expected to close on 15 June 2017 at 1:00 PM (Paris time), subject to early closing or extension. Orders made by retail investors via the Internet in the French Public Offering will be revocable, via the Internet, until the closing of the French Public Offering (on 14 June 2017 at 8:00 PM, Paris time). Individuals are responsible for liaising with their respective financial intermediaries in order to confirm whether the orders submitted by other means are revocable and if so under what conditions (including whether orders submitted via the Internet can be revoked by means other than via the Internet). Any order issued in the context of the International Offering can be revoked through the Joint Global Coordinators, and Joint Bookrunners listed below having received the relevant order until until 15 June 2017 at 1:00 PM (Paris time), unless the offering period is closed early or postponed. The Offering Price is expected to be determined on 15 June 2017. Trading of the shares is expected to start on 16 June 2017, on the regulated market of Euronext Paris under the ticker symbol „ALD AIW (as-if-and-when-delivered”) until the settlement date. The date of the settlement and delivery of the Offering is expected to occur on 19 June 2017, provided that the Offering Price is determined on 15 June 2017. Trading of the shares is expected to start on 20 June 2017 on the regulated market of Euronext Paris on a listing line called „ALD”. REASONS FOR THE OFFERING The listing of the shares on Euronext Paris is intended to enable ALD to gain visibility and reputation in the mobility ecosystem as well as to access to new means of financing and to increase its capacity to accelerate its development and to seize new growth opportunities in both the corporate and B2C markets. The Selling Shareholder will receive the net proceeds from the sale of the Firm Shares and, if the Over-Allotment Option is exercised, from the sale of the Offered Shares. UNDERWRITING SYNDICATE Credit Suisse Securities (Europe) Limited, JP Morgan Securities plc and Societe Generale Corporate & Investment Banking, are acting as Joint Global Coordinators on the IPO, and BofA Merrill Lynch, Barclays Bank PLC, acting for its investment bank („Barclays”), Citigroup Global Markets Limited, Deutsche Bank AG, London Branch, HSBC are acting as Joint Bookrunners. BBVA, Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank, ING, RBC Capital Markets, Unicredit Corporate & Investment Banking are acting as co-lead managers. Rothschild is acting as financial adviser to Societe Generale. LOCK-UP UNDERTAKINGS ALD will agree to a lock-up undertaking during the period beginning from the date of the underwriting agreement and continuing to and including the date which is 180 days after the settlement date of the Offering, without the prior written consent of the global coordinators, subject to certain exceptions. Societe Generale will agree to a lock-up undertaking during the period beginning from the date of the underwriting agreement and continuing to and including the date which is 180 days after the settlement date of the Offering, without the prior written consent of the global Coordinators, subject to certain exceptions. INFORMATION AVAILABLE TO THE PUBLIC Copies of the prospectus that has been granted visa number 17-252 by the AMF on 2 June 2017, consisting of a an English-language registration document filed with the AMF on 11 May 2017 under number I.17-042, an English-language securities note and an English- and French-language summary of the prospectus (included in the securities note) are available free of charge and upon request to the Company (Tour Societe Generale « Chassagne », 15-17 Cours Valmy, 92 800 Puteaux) and on the Company’s (www.ald-ipo.com) and the AMF’s (www.amf-france.org ) websites. ALD draws the public’s attention to Chapter 4 „Risk Factors” of the registration document and Section 2 of the securities note. Such risks as discussed therein, should they materialize, could have a material adverse effect on the Company’s business, financial condition, results of operation or prospects, as well as on the market price of the shares. Contacts: ALD – Investor Relations: Hans van Beeck +33-(0)1-57-29-36-60 investor.relations@aldautomotive.com ALD – Media: Agnès Catineau, Hugues Boëton +33-(0)1-53-96-83-83 ald@brunswickgroup.com ALD ALD is the operational leasing and fleet management business line of Societe Generale the largest providers in Europe and a company of reference on its market: Operates directly in 41 countries, Employs over 6,000 staff, Manages 1.41 million vehicles (at 31 March 2017). Combining professionalism and quality of services provides companies with value-added integrated solutions at both national and international levels. For more information, you can follow us on LinkedIn or visit www.ALDAutomotive.com. Disclaimer This announcement does not, and shall not, in any circumstances constitute a public offering or an offer to subscribe shares nor an invitation to the public in connection with any public offering. No communication or other information related to this transaction or to ALD may be distributed to the public in any jurisdiction where approval or registration is required. No steps have been or will be taken by the company in any country (other than France) where such steps would be required. The purchase of ALD shares may be subject to specific legal or regulatory restrictions in certain jurisdictions. ALD assumes no responsibility for any violation of any such restrictions by any person. This press release does not constitute a prospectus within the meaning of Directive 2003/71/CE of the European Parliament and Council dated November 4, 2003, to the extent implemented in the relevant member states of the European Economic Area (together, the „Prospectus Directive„). This press release is an advertisement. In France, an offer of securities to the public may only be made pursuant to a prospectus which has received an AMF visa. With respect to the member states of the European Economic Area other than France (the „Member States„) having implemented the Prospectus Directive into law, no action has been or will be taken in order to permit a public offer of the securities which would require the publication of a prospectus in one of such Member States. Consequently, the securities cannot be offered and will not be offered in any Member State (other than France), except in accordance with the exemptions set out in Article 3(2) of the Prospectus Directive, if they have been implemented in the relevant Member State(s) or in the other cases which do not require the publication by ALD of a prospectus pursuant to the Prospectus Directive and/or applicable regulation in the Member States. The distribution of this press release is not made, and has not been approved, by an „authorized person” within the meaning of Article 21(1) of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000. As a consequence, this press release is addressed to and directed only at persons who (i) are located outside the United Kingdom, (ii) have professional experience in matters relating to investments within the meaning of Article 19(5) („investment professionals”) of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (Financial Promotions) Order 2005, (iii) are persons falling within Article 49(2)(a) to (d) (high net worth companies, unincorporated associations, etc.) of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (Financial Promotion) Order 2005 or (iv) are persons to whom this press release may otherwise lawfully be communicated (all such persons together being referred to as „Relevant Persons„). The securities of ALD are directed only at Relevant Persons and no invitation, offer or agreement to subscribe, purchase or otherwise acquire the securities of ALD may be proposed or made other than with Relevant Persons. Any person other than a Relevant Person may not act or rely on this document or any provision thereof. This press release is not a prospectus which has been approved by the Financial Services Authority or any other United Kingdom regulatory authority for the purposes of Section 85 of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000. These materials are not an offer for sale of nor an invitation to purchase or to subscribe for ALD securities in the United States or in any other jurisdiction (other than France). ALD securities may not be offered, subscribed for, pledged, sold or otherwise transferred in the United States absent registration or an exemption from registration under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the „U.S. Securities Act„), and in compliance with any applicable state securities laws. ALD shares have not been and will not be registered under the U.S. Securities Act and ALD does not intend to undertake a public offering of its securities in the United States. Any shares sold in the United States will be sold only to „qualified institutional buyers” (as defined in Rule 144A under the U.S. Securities Act, as amended) pursuant to Rule 144A. Circulation of this press release in certain countries may result in a violation of applicable law. The information contained in this document does not constitute an offer of securities for sale in Canada, Australia or Japan. This press release should not be published, circulated or distributed, directly or indirectly, within the United States, Canada, Australia or Japan. From the announcement date of the Global Offering price and during a period ending 30 calendar days later (i.e., according to the expected timetable, until July 14, 2017, included), J.P. Morgan Securities PLC , acting as stabilizing agent may, without any obligation, in compliance with laws and regulations, in particular EU Parliament and Council Regulation 596/2014 of 16 April 2014 and Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2016/1052 of 8 March 2016 on market abuse, effect transactions with a view to maintaining the market price of the ALD shares on the regulated market of Euronext Paris. In compliance with Article 7.1 of the Delegated Regulation (EU) 2016/1052 of 8 March 2016, the stabilization activities shall not in any circumstances be executed above the Global Offering price. Such stabilization activities may affect the price of the shares and may conduct to the fixing of the market price higher than the one which would otherwise be fixed. Even if stabilization activities were carried out, J.P. Morgan Securities PLC may, at any time, decide to stop such activities. Information of the competent market authorities and the public will be made in compliance with Article 5 of the above mentioned Regulation. In compliance with the provisions of Article 8(b)) of the above mentioned Delegated Regulation, the Joint Global Coordinators, Joint Lead Managers and Joint Bookrunners, acting on behalf of the underwriters of the Global Offering, may, over-allot in the context of the Global Offering at the number of shares covered by the over-allotment option, plus, if applicable, 5% of the Global Offering (excluding the exercise of the over-allotment option). The contents of this announcement have been prepared by and are the sole responsibility of ALD. None of Credit Suisse Securities (Europe) Limited, JP Morgan Securities PLC, Societe Generale, Barclays Bank PLC, Citigroup Global Markets Limited, Deutsche Bank AG, London Branch, HSBC France, Merrill Lynch International, Banco Bilbao Vizcaya Argentaria S.A., Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank, ING Bank N.V., RBC Europe Limited and Unicredit Bank AG, Milan Branch or any of their respective directors, officers, employees, advisers or agents accepts any responsibility or liability whatsoever for or makes any representation or warranty, express or implied, as to the truth, accuracy or completeness of the information in this announcement (or whether any information has been omitted from the announcement) or any other information relating to ALD, its subsidiaries or associated companies, whether written, oral or in a visual or electronic form, and howsoever transmitted or made available or for any loss howsoever arising from any use of this announcement or its contents or otherwise arising in connection therewith. Credit Suisse Securities (Europe) Limited, JP Morgan Securities PLC, Societe Generale, Barclays Bank PLC, Citigroup Global Markets Limited, Deutsche Bank AG, London Branch, HSBC France, Merrill Lynch International, Banco Bilbao Vizcaya Argentaria S.A., Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank, ING Bank N.V., RBC Europe Limited and Unicredit Bank AG, Milan Branch are acting for ALD, and no one else in connection with this announcement and will not be responsible to anyone other than ALD, for providing the protections afforded to their clients, or for giving advice in connection with this announcement or any matter referred to herein. This is a disclosure announcement from PR Newswire. SOURCE ALD S.A CategoriesUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Server Systems Market 2017: Production, Sales, Supply, Demand, Analysis & Forecast to 2021 Next PostNext RFID Tag Market to 2021 Major Manufacturers, Growth Factors, Industry Size Analysis Search Recent Posts Global Body Worn Camera Market Is Expected to Reach a USD 990 Million by Forecast to 2023 Asia-Pacific PPTA Market Research Report 2017 to 2022 Recent killings in western Mosul indicative of rising atrocities against civilians – UN rights arm Microsoft signs agreement to acquire Hexadite Asia-Pacific Polypropylene Copolymer Market Research Report 2017 to 2022 RSS Feed Subscribe RSS Feed (link) Proudly powered by WordPress
X Edition: United States Business Business Home Legal Deals Aerospace & Defense Finance Autos Reuters Summits ADventures Data Dive Markets Markets Home U.S. Markets European Markets Asian Markets Global Market Data Stocks Bonds Currencies Commodities Futures Funds Earnings Dividends World World Home U.S. Special Reports Reuters Investigates Euro Zone Middle East China Japan Mexico Brazil Africa Russia India Politics Politics Home Polling Explorer Live: U.S. Politics Supreme Court Tech Technology Home Science Top 100 Global Innovators Media Environment Innovation Commentary Commentary Home Podcasts Breakingviews Breakingviews Home Breakingviews Video Money Money Home Retirement Lipper Awards Analyst Research Stock Screener Fund Screener Life Health Sports Arts Entertainment Oddly Enough Pictures Pictures Home The Wider Image Photographers Focus 360 Video PRESS DIGEST- Financial Times - June 5 Africa América Latina عربي Argentina Brasil Canada 中国 Deutschland España France India Italia 日本 México РОССИЯ United Kingdom United States Market News | Sun Jun 4, 2017 | 7:33pm EDT PRESS DIGEST- Financial Times - June 5 June 5 The following are the top stories in the Financial Times. Reuters has not verified these stories and does not vouch for their accuracy. Headlines * Bunge hires JPMorgan and Shearman & Sterling in Glencore defence on.ft.com/2qVs2hu * Rosneft ready to step up crude output if Opec deal falters on.ft.com/2qVyFAu * World Bank warns on emerging market growth on.ft.com/2qVsnkg * Wealth funds cast doubt on UK’s future as EU investment hub on.ft.com/2qVGfLD Overview - U.S. grain trader Bunge that is fending off takeover interest from Switzerland’s Glencore is working with JPMorgan Chase and law firm Shearman & Sterling as it seeks to remain independent. - Rosneft, Russia’s largest oil company, served notice that it will ramp up production if there is a sudden end to the agreement among major crude producers to curb output to prop up prices. - World Bank said that long-term growth prospects of the world’s developing economies are being undermined by weak investment. Economists at the bank predicted the global economy would grow by 2.7 percent in 2017, the best growth in global trade seen in years. - According to a new survey by fund manager Invesco, Sovereign wealth funds see the UK as a less attractive location for investment following its vote to leave the EU whereas Germany's desirability has increased. (Compiled by Bengaluru newsroom; Editing by Peter Cooney) Our Standards: The Thomson Reuters Trust Principles Next In Market News BRIEF-Shoal Games announces proposed financing * Intends to complete a private placement financing for gross proceeds of up to $1 million Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: BRIEF-VivoPower International sees FY 2018 revenue $56 mln-$61 mln * VivoPower International Plc reports results for the year ended march 31, 2017 MORE FROM REUTERS Sponsored Content From Around the WebPromoted by Revcontent Trending Stories Pictures Photos of the day Sponsored Topics X Follow Reuters: Follow Us On Twitter Follow Us On Facebook Follow Us On RSS Follow Us On Instagram Follow Us On YouTube Follow Us On LinkedIn Subscribe: Feeds | Newsletters | Podcasts | Apps Reuters News Agency | Brand Attribution Guidelines | Careers Reuters is the news and media division of Thomson Reuters. Thomson Reuters is the world's largest international multimedia news agency, providing investing news, world news, business news, technology news, headline news, small business news, news alerts, personal finance, stock market, and mutual funds information available on Reuters.com, video, mobile, and interactive television platforms. Learn more about Thomson Reuters products: Eikon Information, analytics and exclusive news on financial markets - delivered in an intuitive desktop and mobile interface Elektron Everything you need to empower your workflow and enhance your enterprise data management World-Check Screen for heightened risk individual and entities globally to help uncover hidden risks in business relationships and human networks Westlaw Build the strongest argument relying on authoritative content, attorney-editor expertise, and industry defining technology ONESOURCE The most comprehensive solution to manage all your complex and ever-expanding tax and compliance needs CHECKPOINT The industry leader for online information for tax, accounting and finance professionals All quotes delayed a minimum of 15 minutes. See here for a complete list of exchanges and delays. Site Feedback Corrections Advertising Guidelines Cookies Terms of Use Privacy Policy
Home Mail Flickr Tumblr News Sports Finance Celebrity Answers Groups Mobile More Try Yahoo Finance on Firefox » Yahoo Search Search Sign in Finance Home Originals Events Personal Finance Technology Markets Industries My Screeners My Portfolio U.S. Markets close in 5 hrs 59 mins S&P 500 2,432.58 -0.56 (-0.02%) Dow 30 21,185.07 +11.38 (+0.05%) Nasdaq 6,295.74 -1.64 (-0.03%) Big U.S. companies stay on White House panel despite climate jolt Reuters June 2, 2017 Reblog Share Tweet Share FILE PHOTO: U.S. President Donald Trump announces his decision that the United States will withdraw from the Paris Climate Agreement, in the Rose Garden of the White House in Washington, U.S., June 1, 2017. REUTERS/Kevin Lamarque/File PhotoMore By David Shepardson and Susan Heavey WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Several major U.S. companies, including Wal-Mart Stores Inc (WMT.N), JP Morgan Chase & Co (JPM.N) and IBM Corp (IBM.N), on Friday said their CEOs will remain in an influential presidential advisory group despite objecting to President Donald Trump's withdrawal from the Paris climate accord. Citing the need to stay engaged with the administration, business leaders said they would remain in their advisory roles to continue working to influence White House policies. Trump, a Republican, on Thursday said he would pull the United States from the landmark 2015 global agreement to fight climate change, drawing anger and condemnation from world leaders and heads of industry. Tesla Inc (TSLA.O) Chief Executive Officer Elon Musk and Walt Disney Co (DIS.N) CEO Robert Iger reacted by leaving White House advisory councils after Trump's move. "Climate change is real. Leaving Paris is not good for America or the world," Musk said in a Twitter post on Thursday. He was a member of the business advisory group, known as the President’s Strategic and Policy Forum. He also belonged to Trump's manufacturing jobs council. Asked about CEOs' criticism of the U.S. withdrawal, White House spokesman Sean Spicer on Friday said some companies that expressed support for remaining in the agreement raised concerns about the emissions reduction targets. Spicer, speaking to reporters at a daily news conference, added he does not know if Trump will replace Musk and Iger on the business council. A spokesman for Wal-Mart Stores Inc (WMT.N), the largest U.S. retailer, said on Friday that Chief Executive Doug McMillon will remain on the business council. McMillon said in a Facebook post late on Thursday he was "disappointed in today's news about the Paris Agreement. We think it's important for countries to work together to reduce greenhouse gas emissions." IBM CEO Ginni Rometty will remain on the council, the company said on Friday as it reaffirmed its support for the Paris accord. "IBM believes we can make a constructive contribution by having a direct dialogue with the administration – as we do with governments around the world," a company spokeswoman said. Cleveland Clinic Chief Executive Toby Cosgrove will also remain on the council, a spokeswoman said. Another prominent chief executive, Jamie Dimon of JPMorgan Chase & Co (JPM.N), criticized Trump's decision. The company acknowledged Friday that he would not step down from Trump's business group. "I absolutely disagree with the administration on this issue, but we have a responsibility to engage our elected officials to work constructively and advocate for policies that improve people's lives and protect our environment," Dimon said in a statement. PepsiCo Inc (PEP.N) Chief Executive Indra Nooyi is expected to remain on the council. The company said in a statement on Friday that while it is "disappointed with the announcement, we hope there is a way for the accord to move forward with the U.S. at the table." 'LET'S GET A BETTER DEAL' Other chief executives also issued statements criticizing the decision to withdraw from the accord, including the heads of Facebook Inc (FB.O), Alphabet Inc (GOOGL.O) and Goldman Sachs (GS.N). General Electric Co (GE.N) CEO Jeff Immelt, who is on Trump's manufacturing council, said on Thursday he was disappointed in the decision and added: "Industry must now lead and not depend on government." Immelt will remain on the council, a company spokeswoman said on Friday. AFL-CIO President Richard Trumka, who is also on Trump's manufacturing council, called the withdrawal "a failure of American leadership." A union spokesman said on Friday that Trumka intends to remain on the council to serve "as a voice for working people." Boeing Co (BA.N) Chief Executive Dennis Muilenburg also will remain on the manufacturing council, the company said. Trump administration officials pushed back against company criticisms in television interviews on Friday. National Economic Council Director Gary Cohn dismissed concerns about potential economic fallout from the climate deal withdrawal, such as the potential of other countries slapping tariffs on American manufacturers. In an interview on CNBC on Friday, Cohn said the move was part of the administration's efforts to boost U.S. economic growth and help companies by increasing demand for U.S. goods, along with other efforts targeting regulations, taxes and infrastructure. Read More "If we can grow our economy, we're going to consume more and more products," he said. "We're going to need more manufacturing in the United States just to deal with domestic consumption." The issue could resurface later this month when, according to an administration spokesman, the White House plans to hold a June 19 meeting with technology leaders. Kellyanne Conway, a White House senior adviser, said on Fox News the deal would have "a statistically insignificant impact on the environment." "If you really cared about that piece, and you're one of these CEOs crowing today, then you would say 'let's get a better deal,'" she said in the interview on Friday, adding that Trump had said he was open to future negotiations. Trump created the business advisory group in December before taking office to assist him in making policy decisions. The council is led by Stephen Schwarzman, chief executive of Blackstone Group LP (BX.N). Blackrock Inc (BLK.N) Chief Executive Larry Fink said on Thursday he would continue to serve on Trump's business forum, despite reservations about the White House climate decision because he believes he can add to policy discussions and be a voice for investors. General Motors Co (GM.N) said Chief Executive Officer Mary Barra also would remain on the presidential advisory panel, while it remained unclear whether Ford Motor Co's (F.N) new chief executive, James Hackett, would join the group. In February, Uber Technologies Inc [UBER.UL] CEO Travis Kalanick quit the business advisory council amid internal pressure over Trump's immigration policies. (Editing by Matthew Lewis) Reblog Share Tweet Share Recently Viewed Your list is empty. What to Read Next Melania and Barron Trump are finally moving into the White House with Donald International Business Times Donald Trump's anger reaches new peaks in the White House Newsweek “They’re not even people”: why Eric Trump’s dehumanizing language matters Vox.com GOP senators admonish Dem for persistent questioning Associated Press Trump is a 'sociopath' and could be 'losing his mind,' says former Cabinet member International Business Times Social media explodes over Comey testimony CNBC After nearly 10 years as a financial planner, the first 2 questions I ask every client have nothing to do with money Business Insider Sears is closing 72 stores — here's the full list Business Insider What to Watch in the Markets Thursday, June 8 Yahoo Finance Video Infrastructure stocks aren't buying Trump's infrastructure talk Yahoo Finance Why Amazon decided to offer an even cheaper version of Prime Yahoo Finance 10 ways you’re wasting money on travel Yahoo Finance Stephen Curry has a great perspective on having a smaller salary than 81 other NBA players Business Insider Yext CEO: Still in the "early innings" of growth Yahoo Finance Video Comey speaks — What you need to know in markets on Thursday Yahoo Finance 'Psychologically scarred' millennials are killing dozens of industries — and it's their parents' fault Business Insider Social media explodes over Comey testimony stormhawk31: Seriously, how many times, and by how many knowledgeable people, both Republican and Democrat, do you idiots have to be told "There is absolutely no evidence of ANY 'collusion'", before you get it? Trump isn't even under investigation, and NEVER has been. I mean, do you idiots even understand English? Apparently not. Join the Conversation 1 / 5 180
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Whirlpool Co. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Whirlpool Co. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Analyzing Global Eagle Entertainment (ENT) & Comcast (CMCSK) CIGNA Co. (CI) Upgraded to Buy at ValuEngine Kopin (KOPN) versus Qorvo (QRVO) Financial Contrast Pacer Advisors Inc. Has $339,000 Stake in Regions Financial Corp (RF) Buckingham Capital Management Inc. Reduces Position in Delta Air Lines, Inc. (DAL) Illumina, Inc. (ILMN) Shares Bought by Nordea Investment Management AB Casey's General Stores Inc (CASY) Stake Boosted by Nordea Investment Management AB 25,494 Shares in Weibo Corp (WB) Acquired by Nordea Investment Management AB Tortoise Investment Management LLC Sells 765 Shares of Delta Air Lines, Inc. (DAL) Mason Street Advisors LLC Purchases 520 Shares of BancorpSouth, Inc. (BXS) Pacer Advisors Inc. Purchases 44 Shares of Essex Property Trust Inc (ESS) Pacer Advisors Inc. Purchases 1,080 Shares of Clean Harbors Inc (CLH) Pacer Advisors Inc. Purchases New Position in Science Applications International Corp (SAIC) Pacer Advisors Inc. Has $338,000 Stake in Ciena Co. (CIEN) Envestnet Asset Management Inc. Sells 624 Shares of ICU Medical (ICUI) Mercantile Bank Corp. (MBWM) Expected to Announce Quarterly Sales of $31.16 Million Tata Motors Limited (TTM) Earns News Sentiment Rating of -0.07 USD Partners (USDP) Earning Somewhat Negative News Coverage, AlphaOne Reports Parke Bancorp (PKBK) Getting Somewhat Negative Media Coverage, Study Shows Dwight D. Churchill Sells 3,277 Shares of Affiliated Managers Group, Inc. (AMG) Stock Fishman Jay A Ltd. MI Has $6.25 Million Position in Whirlpool Co. (WHR) June 4th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Patrick Bannon Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Fishman Jay A Ltd. MI boosted its position in shares of Whirlpool Co. (NYSE:WHR) by 1.4% during the first quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The institutional investor owned 36,450 shares of the company’s stock after buying an additional 500 shares during the period. Whirlpool comprises approximately 1.4% of Fishman Jay A Ltd. MI’s holdings, making the stock its 22nd largest position. Fishman Jay A Ltd. MI’s holdings in Whirlpool were worth $6,245,000 as of its most recent filing with the SEC. Other hedge funds have also recently bought and sold shares of the company. KBC Group NV raised its stake in Whirlpool by 1.7% in the first quarter. KBC Group NV now owns 7,116 shares of the company’s stock worth $1,219,000 after buying an additional 119 shares in the last quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. raised its stake in Whirlpool by 79.0% in the first quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 444,387 shares of the company’s stock worth $76,137,000 after buying an additional 196,090 shares in the last quarter. Quantbot Technologies LP purchased a new stake in Whirlpool during the first quarter worth approximately $586,000. Meiji Yasuda Life Insurance Co raised its stake in Whirlpool by 216.5% in the first quarter. Meiji Yasuda Life Insurance Co now owns 8,040 shares of the company’s stock worth $1,377,000 after buying an additional 5,500 shares in the last quarter. Finally, Delta Lloyd NV raised its stake in Whirlpool by 38.2% in the first quarter. Delta Lloyd NV now owns 7,584 shares of the company’s stock worth $1,408,000 after buying an additional 2,096 shares in the last quarter. 91.76% of the stock is owned by institutional investors. Whirlpool Co. (NYSE WHR) traded up 1.11% during mid-day trading on Friday, hitting $189.89. 614,356 shares of the stock were exchanged. Whirlpool Co. has a 12-month low of $145.91 and a 12-month high of $194.10. The firm has a 50-day moving average price of $181.62 and a 200-day moving average price of $176.56. The stock has a market capitalization of $14.05 billion, a P/E ratio of 16.34 and a beta of 1.91. Whirlpool (NYSE:WHR) last issued its quarterly earnings data on Monday, April 24th. The company reported $2.50 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, missing the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of $2.65 by $0.15. Whirlpool had a net margin of 4.29% and a return on equity of 18.69%. The business had revenue of $4.79 billion during the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $4.74 billion. During the same quarter in the prior year, the firm posted $2.63 earnings per share. Whirlpool’s revenue for the quarter was up 3.7% compared to the same quarter last year. Equities analysts predict that Whirlpool Co. will post $15.12 earnings per share for the current fiscal year. The firm also recently disclosed a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Thursday, June 15th. Investors of record on Friday, May 19th will be given a $1.10 dividend. The ex-dividend date is Wednesday, May 17th. This is a positive change from Whirlpool’s previous quarterly dividend of $1.00. This represents a $4.40 annualized dividend and a dividend yield of 2.32%. Whirlpool’s payout ratio is currently 34.69%. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION WARNING: This article was posted by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are reading this article on another domain, it was stolen and republished in violation of U.S. & international copyright and trademark laws. The original version of this article can be accessed at https://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/06/04/fishman-jay-a-ltd-mi-has-6-25-million-position-in-whirlpool-co-whr.html. A number of analysts have commented on the stock. Royal Bank of Canada reaffirmed a “buy” rating and set a $216.00 price objective on shares of Whirlpool in a research note on Friday. Zacks Investment Research lowered shares of Whirlpool from a “hold” rating to a “sell” rating in a research note on Wednesday, April 19th. One investment analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, four have assigned a hold rating and four have given a buy rating to the company. Whirlpool has an average rating of “Hold” and a consensus price target of $196.25. In related news, insider Marc R. Bitzer sold 19,314 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Wednesday, May 10th. The stock was sold at an average price of $183.84, for a total value of $3,550,685.76. The sale was disclosed in a document filed with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is available through this link. 2.62% of the stock is currently owned by insiders. Whirlpool Company Profile Whirlpool Corporation is a manufacturer and marketer of home appliances. The Company’s segments include North America; Europe, Middle East and Africa (EMEA); Latin America, and Asia. In North America, the Company markets and distributes home appliances and small domestic appliances under a range of brand names. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding WHR? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Whirlpool Co. (NYSE:WHR). Receive News & Ratings for Whirlpool Co. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Whirlpool Co. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Jeff Sessions Spoke of Resigning After Tensions Increase with Trump President Trump’s Tweets Complicate Already Complicated Week World Leaders Very Critical of Paris Agreement Decision by Trump Aide to President Trump Resigns With More Expected Scud-Class Missile Launched by North Korea © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Can't connect right now! retry Home latest pakistan world sports entertaintment business health Amazing Sci-Tech Videos shows GEO Urdu Tv . Radio. X Home Latest Pakistan World Sports Entertainment Business Health Amazing Sci-Tech TV Shows Videos Urdu .Radio .Tv Panama Leaks UK Election Gulf Crisis Nehal Hashmi Advertisement business Saturday Jun 03 2017 By RREUTERS Big US companies stay on White House panel despite climate jolt By RREUTERS Saturday Jun 03, 2017 WASHINGTON: Several major US companies, including Wal-Mart Stores Inc, JP Morgan Chase & Co and IBM Corp on Friday said their CEOs will remain in an influential presidential advisory group despite objecting to President Donald Trump's withdrawal from the Paris climate accord. Citing the need to stay engaged with the administration, business leaders said they would remain in their advisory roles to continue working to influence White House policies. Trump, a Republican, on Thursday said he would pull the United States from the landmark 2015 global agreement to fight climate change, drawing anger and condemnation from world leaders and heads of industry. Tesla Inc Chief Executive Officer Elon Musk and Walt Disney Co CEO Robert Iger reacted by leaving White House advisory councils after Trump's move. "Climate change is real. Leaving Paris is not good for America or the world," Musk said in a Twitter post on Thursday. He was a member of the business advisory group, known as the President’s Strategic and Policy Forum. He also belonged to Trump's manufacturing jobs council. Asked about CEOs' criticism of the US withdrawal, White House spokesman Sean Spicer on Friday said some companies that expressed support for remaining in the agreement raised concerns about the emissions reduction targets. Spicer, speaking to reporters at a daily news conference, added he does not know if Trump will replace Musk and Iger on the business council. A spokesman for Wal-Mart Stores Inc, the largest US retailer, said on Friday that Chief Executive Doug McMillon will remain on the business council. McMillon said in a Facebook post late on Thursday he was "disappointed in today's news about the Paris Agreement. We think it's important for countries to work together to reduce greenhouse gas emissions." IBM CEO Ginni Rometty will remain on the council, the company said on Friday as it reaffirmed its support for the Paris accord. "IBM believes we can make a constructive contribution by having a direct dialogue with the administration – as we do with governments around the world," a company spokeswoman said. Cleveland Clinic Chief Executive Toby Cosgrove will also remain on the council, a spokeswoman said. Another prominent chief executive, Jamie Dimon of JPMorgan Chase & Co, criticized Trump's decision. The company acknowledged Friday that he would not step down from Trump's business group. "I absolutely disagree with the administration on this issue, but we have a responsibility to engage our elected officials to work constructively and advocate for policies that improve people's lives and protect our environment," Dimon said in a statement. PepsiCo Inc Chief Executive Indra Nooyi is expected to remain on the council. The company said in a statement on Friday that while it is "disappointed with the announcement, we hope there is a way for the accord to move forward with the US at the table." 'LET'S GET A BETTER DEAL' Other chief executives also issued statements criticizing the decision to withdraw from the accord, including the heads of Facebook Inc, Alphabet Inc and Goldman Sachs. General Electric Co CEO Jeff Immelt, who is on Trump's manufacturing council, said on Thursday he was disappointed in the decision and added: "Industry must now lead and not depend on government." Immelt will remain on the council, a company spokeswoman said on Friday. AFL-CIO President Richard Trumka, who is also on Trump's manufacturing council, called the withdrawal "a failure of American leadership." A union spokesman said on Friday that Trumka intends to remain on the council to serve "as a voice for working people." Boeing Co Chief Executive Dennis Muilenburg also will remain on the manufacturing council, the company said. Trump administration officials pushed back against company criticisms in television interviews on Friday. National Economic Council Director Gary Cohn dismissed concerns about potential economic fallout from the climate deal withdrawal, such as the potential of other countries slapping tariffs on American manufacturers. In an interview on CNBC on Friday, Cohn said the move was part of the administration's efforts to boost US economic growth and help companies by increasing demand for US goods, along with other efforts targeting regulations, taxes and infrastructure. "If we can grow our economy, we're going to consume more and more products," he said. "We're going to need more manufacturing in the United States just to deal with domestic consumption." The issue could resurface later this month when, according to an administration spokesman, the White House plans to hold a June 19 meeting with technology leaders. Kellyanne Conway, a White House senior adviser, said on Fox News the deal would have "a statistically insignificant impact on the environment." "If you really cared about that piece, and you're one of these CEOs crowing today, then you would say 'let's get a better deal,'" she said in the interview on Friday, adding that Trump had said he was open to future negotiations. Trump created the business advisory group in December before taking office to assist him in making policy decisions. The council is led by Stephen Schwarzman, chief executive of Blackstone Group LP. Blackrock Inc Chief Executive Larry Fink said on Thursday he would continue to serve on Trump's business forum, despite reservations about the White House climate decision because he believes he can add to policy discussions and be a voice for investors. General Motors Co said Chief Executive Officer Mary Barra also would remain on the presidential advisory panel, while it remained unclear whether Ford Motor Co's new chief executive, James Hackett, would join the group. In February, Uber Technologies Inc CEO Travis Kalanick quit the business advisory council amid internal pressure over Trump's immigration policies. Advertisement More From Business: business CNG stations in Sindh to remain closed from Thursday to Friday Updated 20 hours ago business Markets falter as investors eye UK election, ECB, Comey Updated 2 days ago business Agriculture, CPEC to raise Pakistan's growth to 5.5 percent in 2017/18: World Bank Updated 2 days ago business Asian stocks stumble, oil creeps up as markets ponder fallout of Mideast tension Updated 2 days ago business PSX gains 1,500 points Updated 3 days ago business Major airlines announce end to Qatar-bound flights Updated 3 days ago business Sindh govt presents budget with over Rs1 trillion outlay for first time Updated 3 days ago business World Bank sees improving global economy but risks remain Updated 4 days ago business Cement exports declined 45% in May this year Updated 4 days ago Load More Advertisement Latest view all Pakistan 4 minutes ago Repatriation of Afghans slowing as conditions in Pakistan improve: UN Sports 5 minutes ago Unpredictable Pakistan can´t be written off, says Afridi Sports 19 minutes ago Dhawan, Dhoni propel India to 321 Sports 2 hours ago Rumman Raees joins Pakistan squad for Champions Trophy Advertisement
Latest View latest happenings Latest News National Sports World Business Entertainment Technology Health Today's Paper Thu June 08, 2017 View Newspaper Opinion Newspost Editorial Karachi Islamabad Lahore Peshawar e-paper e-paper Thu June 08, 2017 Magazines View all Magazines Instep Money Matters YOU US Writer's Archive View all Writers search Home Latest National Today's Paper Trending Budget 2017panama leaksChampions TrophyCPEC Home Latest National Sports World Business Entertainment Technology Health Oped Opinion Newspost Editorial Writer's Archive City News Karachi Islamabad Lahore Peshawar Magazines Instep Money Matters< YOU US search Today's Paper e-paper Thu June 08, 2017 Toggle navigation Trending: Budget 2017 panama leaks Champions Trophy CPEC Advertisement Can't connect right now! retry add The News to homescreen tap to bring up your browser menu and select 'Add to homescreen' to pin the The News web app Got it! add The News to homescreen tap to bring up your browser menu and select 'Add to homescreen' to pin the The News web app Got it! Print Story X Print Story Business June 4, 2017 Share Advertisement Big US companies stay on White House panel WASHINGTON: Several major U.S. companies, including Wal-Mart Stores Inc, JP Morgan Chase & Co and IBM Corp, on Friday said their CEOs will remain in an influential presidential advisory group despite objecting to President Donald Trump's withdrawal from the Paris climate accord.Citing the need to stay engaged with the administration, business leaders said they would remain in their advisory roles to continue working to influence White House policies. Trump, a Republican, on Thursday said he would pull the United States from the landmark 2015 global agreement to fight climate change, drawing anger and condemnation from world leaders and heads of industry.Tesla Inc Chief Executive Officer Elon Musk and Walt Disney Co CEO Robert Iger reacted by leaving White House advisory councils after Trump's move. "Climate change is real. Leaving Paris is not good for America or the world," Musk said in a Twitter post on Thursday. He was a member of the business advisory group, known as the President’s Strategic and Policy Forum. He also belonged to Trump's manufacturing jobs council. Asked about CEOs' criticism of the U.S. withdrawal, White House spokesman Sean Spicer on Friday said some companies that expressed support for remaining in the agreement raised concerns about the emissions reduction targets. Spicer, speaking to reporters at a daily news conference, added he does not know if Trump will replace Musk and Iger on the business council. A spokesman for Wal-Mart Stores Inc, the largest U.S. retailer, said on Friday that Chief Executive Doug McMillon will remain on the business council. McMillon said in a Facebook post late on Thursday he was "disappointed in today's news about the Paris Agreement. We think it's important for countries to work together to reduce greenhouse gas emissions." IBM CEO Ginni Rometty will remain on the council, the company said on Friday as it reaffirmed its support for the Paris accord. "IBM believes we can make a constructive contribution by having a direct dialogue with the administration – as we do with governments around the world," a company spokeswoman said. Cleveland Clinic Chief Executive Toby Cosgrove will also remain on the council, a spokeswoman said. Advertisement Comments Comment Advertisement Topstory Iranian parliament, Khomeini’s shrine attacked SC seeks JIT explanation on leaked photo KP govt unveils Rs603 bn budget for fiscal year 2017-18 Pakistan rejects Afghan allegations,warns against aggression China likely to build military bases in Pakistan: US View more... see all opinions Opinion Imtiaz Alam Four years Amir Hussain The secret of prosperity Mushtaq Rajpar Celebrating growth? Shahzad Chaudhry A vision wasted Ozer Khalid Britain votes Danish Khan Demand and supply see all opinions Newspost The Sindh budget A neglected region Energy woes Wake up, KE Plight of fishermen View more... see all opinions Editorial Afghanistan’s blame game Back to the future View more... see all opinions National PTI guillotining PPP in Punjab, bit by bit Muslim voters to play decisive role in 38 UK constituencies Beware of fake messages attributed to ISPR Pakistan to repay another $600m for maturity of Eurobond General elections 2018: ECC approves Rs864m for procuring new printing machines View more... see all opinions World Long battle feared as militants hold on in Philippine city Turkmen leader calls for end to free water, gas and power Venezuela commander urges troops not to hurt protesters Indonesia arrests two suspects over suicide attack Turkey, Iran urged to provide food to Qatar View more... see all opinions Sports Hasan, spinners thwart SA in must-win game ‘Pandya can be India great’ Gilchrist expects Australia pay row to end soon The tragedy of being a Pakistani fan PCB denies launching probe into India loss View more... see all opinions Business FBR collects Rs2.07bln under amnesty scheme for real estate UAE says more Qatar curbs possible, warns against Iran involvement SECP extends PSX bookbuilding by one day for initial public offering SECP notifies draft regulations Asian traders on edge ahead of key global events View more... see all opinions Karachi Question mark on police efficiency as robbers run rampant in Ramazan Rs3bn announced for state-of-the-art cancer treatment facility at JPMC SHC moved against crackdown on social media activists Khowaja-Siyal feud is impeding crime-solving in Sindh CPEC: Work on KCR revival to kick off in December, says Murad View more... see all opinions Lahore PFA softens stance on substandard ghee, oil Digging for water bridge allowed Rain brings relief to heat-stricken Lahorites Outages ordeal Shujaat for improving ties with Afghanistan View more... see all opinions Islamabad Power outages common in Ramazan Measures afoot to bolster polio drive in capital Rendezvous with renowned poet Nusrat Zaidi PM’s Health Programme races towards Mardan PNCA starts preparation for Independence Day celebrations View more... see all opinions Peshawar PHC issues notice to nazim, Cantonment Board CEO Man killed in Loy Shalman firing Protesting doctors assured of arresting accused Education gets Rs127.91b in KP Budget KP ADP pitched at Rs208bn for upcoming fiscal View more... see all opinions Advertisement PRIVACY POLICY | CONTACT US | BACK ISSUES © 2017 THE NEWS INTERNATIONAL Back To Top
24/7 Wall St. - Insightful Analysis and Commentary for U.S. and Global Equity Investors Search this site Business Aerospace & Defense Autos Banking & Finance Commodities & Metals Consumer Products Energy Healthcare Industrials Infrastructure Media Retail Services Technology Apps & Software Consumer Electronics Telecom & Wireless Apple Inc. Facebook Google Investing Analyst Upgrades Bankruptcy Buffett Corporate Governance Corporate Performance Dividends and Buybacks Earnings ETFs and Mutual Funds International Markets IPOs and Secondaries Mergers and Acquisitions Personal Finance Rumors Value Investing Economy Energy Government Regulation Healthcare Housing Jobs Special Report Brands and Products Cities Countries States Why Yelp Was Upgraded and Snap Was Downgraded By Chris Lange June 5, 2017 11:40 am EDT Print Email Tweet A couple of prominent social media stocks kicked off the week with mixed moves following some key analyst updates. Social media often gives users the chance to review restaurants, products or businesses, but the tables have turned and now analysts are reviewing a couple of these stocks. 24/7 Wall St. had the chance to review these analyst reports that are moving some social media stocks on Monday, and we have included some of the highlights. JPMorgan cut its price target for Snap Inc. (NYSE: SNAP) to $18 from $20. The reasoning behind this cut is a decelerating ad business in the third quarter. The firm believes that Snap will have a slower-than-expected pace for scaling its ad platform. This is the result of Snap’s new products, including self-serve Snap ads, which could take some time to gain traction. At the same time, daily active user additions are expected to drop to 8 million from 10 million for the second half of the year due to increased competition from Facebook. However, what could really hurt Snap, is its lockup expiration of about 70% to 80% of Snap shares, coming in late July, which could drop shares before the lockup and after. Snap’s Spectacles are also expected to be have a softer reception than previously thought. Shares of Snap were trading down 1.9% at $20.69 on Monday, with a consensus analyst price target of $21.10 and a 52-week range of $17.59 to $29.44. Merrill Lynch upgraded Yelp Inc. (NYSE: YELP) to a Buy rating from Neutral and raised its price objective to $37 from $35, implying upside of nearly 30% from the previous closing price. The brokerage firm saw this as a rare multiple expansion opportunity in this bull market. The firm noted that lower revenue guidance may have obscured the fact that user activity and new customer adds stabilized in the first quarter. The risk versus reward is favorable, with the stock trading at 10 times EBITDA. Again Merrill Lynch pointed out that this is one of the rare multiple expansion opportunities (historically) in the sector. Shares of Yelp were last seen up 2.9% at $29.62, with a consensus price target of $31.47 and a 52-week range of $25.93 to $43.41. I'm interested in the Newsletter Get Newsletter terms and conditions   By Chris Lange « Will GM Shareholders Go for Greenlight Stock Proposal, Director Candidates? Merrill Lynch Gets More Bullish on 8 Top Stocks » Read more: Media, Analyst Downgrades, Analyst Upgrades, social media, YELP Free Daily Newsletter Subscribe Terms & Conditions Sponsors Popular The Best Counties to Live In Powerball Lottery Jackpot Hits $375 Million: 12 Things Not to Do If You Win The Most Dangerous Cars in America States Most Dependent on Trade With Canada Cities Hit Hardest by Extreme Poverty Recent Homeowner Equity Climbs 11.2% in Q1 Gas Price Slips Below $2 in Some Cities As Others Fall Closer NewLink Genetics Sinks After Regaining Licensing Rights for Its Cancer Treatment Top Analyst Upgrades and Downgrades: BHP Billiton, Carlyle, Freeport-McMoRan, Juno, Kite, Sempra Energy, Six Flags and More Get Quote for: Symbol Lookup Search Wal-Mart's Sam's Club Reinvents Its Private Brand These 2 Hated Dividend Stocks Are Buys How Nike Inc. Makes Most of Its Money Nasdaq Composite turns negative after briefly setting an intraday record in morning trade S&P 500, Dow trade at break-even levels at the open, ahead of Comey testimony Nasdaq Composite touches intraday record at the open 6,311.89 Not Too Worried to Rise Do Options Traders Know Something About Emerge Energy (EMES) Stock We Don't? Why Aqua Metals (AQMS) Could Be Positioned for a Slump Sears says some Kmart customer credit card numbers compromised The Latest: ECB president says risks to economy diminished In Beijing, Perry promotes US-China clean energy cooperation Boeing Is Working On Self-Flying Plane Technology, And Our Hands Are Already Sweaty Interior Secretary Takes Aim At Obama-Era Sage Grouse Protections Trump's Proposed Cuts To Foreign Food Aid Are Proving Unpopular Home About Us Disclaimer and Terms of Use Privacy Policy Contact Us Advertise AOL-HuffPost Money & Finance ©2017 24/7 Wall St. | Powered by WordPress.com VIP
Most valuable brands: 9 American and 1 from China - Erie News Now: News, Weather & Sports | WICU 12 & WSEE Member Center: Create Account| Log In Manage Account| Log Out SITE SEARCHWEB SEARCH BY Video Gallery Golf Social Stream EVENTS Email News/Apps Text Alerts Day With Dad Contest LIVE Nat'l News Radar NewsNow MeTV CNN Video Social Stream Money Radar NewsNow NBC LIVE Nat'l News CNN Video CBS National/World EVENTS The Insider Real Estate Election Email News/Apps School closings Korea Veterans Radar Web Cams Golf Traffic/Airport Email News/Apps School closings EVENTS See It, Shoot It Text Alerts Web Cams - Local Roads Buoy Data EVENTS Text Alerts Golf Contest Watch NBC Sports LIVE Golf Fashion Friday WICU TV Guide What's On NBC MeTV Watch CBS Food Winey Wednesday WSEE TV Listings NBC Mr. Food Contest Wine Day With Dad Contest Radar Giving You The Business Pump Pricer School closings MeTV EVENTS See It, Shoot It The Insider Text Alerts Earth Day Across the Country Korea Veterans Local business Real Estate Transfers Wine Real Estate Closings Obituaries Great Deals! FAQ Digital Advertising Email News/Apps Wine News Team Contact Us Feedback Suggestions Jobs EEO Report Caribbean Main Entertainment Money Home/Family Health Food Pets Tech Travel Beauty & Style Auto VideoBytes Press Releases Most valuable brands: 9 American and 1 from China Posted: Monday, June 5, 2017 7:23 PM EDT Updated: Monday, June 5, 2017 7:23 PM EDT Microsoft has landed in the third slot for three years running. It's brand valuation nudged up by 5% to $143 billion. Amazon has been on fire over the past year and its brand value surged by 41% to hit $139 billion. Google's brand is associated with innovative research, self-driving cars and helpful online services like Google Drive, Google Docs and Google Maps. Apple's brand value nudged up by 3% to $235 billion, helping it retain the No. 2 position in the ranking. But the brand has lost some shine since 2015 when it topped the BrandZ ranking. By Alanna Petroff LONDON (CNNMoney) -- China now has one of the world's most valuable brands. Shenzhen-based tech firm Tencent has broken into a ranking of the top 10 most valuable brands published by BrandZ. The annual ranking is typically dominated by American companies with global reach, making the inclusion of a Chinese firm notable. Tencent specializes in popular online games, apps, instant messaging services and online payments. It boasts a market capitalization of $330 billion, making it worth more than America's most valuable bank: JPMorgan Chase. Here's a round-up of the world's 10 most valuable brands: 1. Google Google is still the most valuable brand in the world; a title it has retained for seven out of the past 11 years. It's brand value -- worth just over $245 billion -- increased by 7% from 2016. The company has transformed itself from a simple search engine to an all-encompassing lifestyle brand, said Doreen Wang, Global Head of BrandZ. Google's brand is associated with innovative research, self-driving cars and helpful online services like Google Drive, Google Docs and Google Maps. Bonus: The company consistently ranks as one of the world's best employers. 2. Apple Apple's brand value nudged up by 3% to $235 billion, helping it retain the No. 2 position in the ranking. But the brand has lost some shine since 2015 when it topped the BrandZ ranking. Wang said Apple's "innovation speed over the last year is not perceived to be as fast as Google or Amazon." BrandZ's ranking relies heavily on consumer perceptions. If people can't see that Apple is being innovative, its brand value will suffer. 3. Microsoft Microsoft has landed in the third slot for three years running. It's brand valuation nudged up by 5% to $143 billion. "The key word is Microsoft Cloud," said Wang, who said the success of the company's cloud and business services helped improve consumer perceptions. Microsoft generates nearly a third of its revenue and almost 40% of its operating profits from its "Intelligent Cloud" line of businesses. Investors are clearly happy with the company: Shares have shot up by about 16% since the start of the year. 4. Amazon Amazon has been on fire over the past year and its brand value surged by 41% to hit $139 billion. "Wherever the consumers go, Amazon is going," said Wang. "At this moment, that is the right strategy." The retail giant offers a wide range of services: online shopping, grocery delivery, cloud computing and entertainment are just the tip of the iceberg. It's continuing to develop artificial intelligence services and its personal digital assistant, Alexa. Investors have taken notice too, bidding up shares by 34% since the start of the year. 5. Facebook The Facebook brand continues to perform well, despite scandals over fake news and violent events streamed live on its platform. Users think of Facebook as "friendly" and "helpful," said Wang. This has helped convince advertisers to move onto the platform, and users don't seem to mind the growth in advertised content, she said. Facebook's brand value shot up by 27% over the past year to hit $130 billion. 6. AT&T Telecom giant AT&T has appeared in the ranking for seven consecutive years and its brand has increased in value by 65% over that period. It's now worth $115 billion. "It's becoming a more dynamic brand and increasing communications with consumers," said Wang. The company is trying to close an acquisition of CNN's parent company, Time Warner, that is worth about $109 billion including debt. If the purchase goes ahead, it would be one of the biggest takeovers of all time. 7. Visa Visa is an American company with a name that's recognized around the world. The company's brand value increased 10% to hit $111 billion this year. The brand got a particularly big boost after Costco ended its relationship with American Express last year in favor of a new one with Visa and Citigroup. Millions of former Costco AmEx cards were subsequently transferred to Visa and Citi. 8. Tencent Led by its media-shy CEO, "Pony" Ma Huateng, Tencent is huge in China, where its messaging platform WeChat is used for everything from texting to booking karaoke sessions. BrandZ said that increased used of WeChat helped to propel Tencent into the top 10 for the first time. Its brand value jumped 27% to $108 billion. The only other Chinese firm to have cracked the top 10 is China Mobile, but it's hasn't appeared on the list since 2013. Tencent is hoping to avoid that same fate by expanding globally. It announced plans last month to set up an artificial intelligence research lab in Seattle. "Right now they're very aggressive in going beyond China," said Wang. 9. IBM IBM has been included in the ranking since it started in 2006. This year the brand has been valued at $102 billion, up 18% from last year. The company has helped boost its consumer appeal through the development of the artificial intelligence mascot Watson. "Watson is the face of the company's transformation," said Wang. 10. McDonald's McDonald's is the only truly non-tech company to be featured in the top 10 ranking this year. The brand has received a boost by introducing more healthy food options. It's also offering more locally-inspired options in places like China and India, said Wang. "McDonald's has been doing pretty well compared to the other fast food restaurants," she said. TM & © 2017 Cable News Network, Inc., a Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. 3514 State St. Erie, PA 16508 Newsroom: (814) 454-8812 Business offices: (814) 454-5201 WICU FCC Filing WSEE FCC Filing Sections: Home Weather Sports Video Calendar Finance WICU TV Listings WSEE TV Listings Health Contact Us FAQ Services: Advertise Submit a Story Submit an Event Send Your Feedback Manage Your Account Free Emails    Forecast    Daily Headlines    News    Breaking News Wine Festivals Share: Share Stories Submit your stories to our site! Share Photos Share your photos in our community galleries RSS Feeds Mobile: WICU12/WSEE News App Free Android App Free iPhone App Free iPad App Local Weather App Free Android App Free iPhone App Free iPad App All content © Copyright 2000 - 2017 WICU. All Rights Reserved. For more information on this site, please read our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service.                    WICU/WSEE - 3514 State Street Erie, PA 16508 - (814) 454-5201 - info@wicu12.com
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance MTS Systems Co. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for MTS Systems Co. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Mattress Firm Holding Corp (MFRM) Earning Favorable Media Coverage, Study Finds Microvision (MVIS) Earning Somewhat Positive Media Coverage, Study Shows MTS Systems (MTSC) Earns Daily Media Sentiment Score of 0.09 Somewhat Favorable News Coverage Very Likely to Affect Preformed Line Products Company (PLPC) Stock Price Positive News Coverage Very Likely to Impact Patrick Industries (PATK) Stock Price Somewhat Positive News Coverage Very Likely to Affect Mannatech (MTEX) Share Price Leucadia National Corp Invests $3.01 Million in Liberty Global plc – Class A (LBTYA) Versum Materials Inc (VSM) Shares Bought by Wexford Capital LP Wexford Capital LP Buys 196,921 Shares of AerCap Holdings (AER) Leucadia National Corp Lowers Stake in Westar Energy Inc (WR) Wexford Capital LP Invests $1.04 Million in TCP Capital Corp (TCPC) Analysts Set Medley Capital Corp (MCC) Price Target at $7.38 Netflix, Inc. (NFLX) Director Richard N. Barton Sells 2,000 Shares of Stock IXYS Co. (IXYS) Director S Joon Lee Sells 20,000 Shares of Stock 7,000 Shares in Franklin Covey Co. (FC) Acquired by Woodmont Investment Counsel LLC Woodmont Investment Counsel LLC Has $358,000 Stake in American National BankShares Inc (AMNB) Pictet & Cie Europe SA Has $2.38 Million Stake in WABCO Holdings Inc. (WBC) Fiduciary Group LLC Holds Stake in AllianceBernstein Holding LP (AB) Princeton Portfolio Strategies Group LLC Purchases Shares of 7,700 Discovery Communications Inc. (DISCA) AstraZeneca plc (AZN) Stake Lowered by Pictet North America Advisors SA MTS Systems (MTSC) Earns Daily Media Sentiment Score of 0.09 June 5th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Stacy Sanders Filed Under: Finance - News Sentiment Articles Tweet News stories about MTS Systems (NASDAQ:MTSC) have been trending somewhat positive recently, according to AlphaOne Sentiment Analysis. The research group, a service of Accern, scores the sentiment of press coverage by analyzing more than 20 million blog and news sources in real time. AlphaOne ranks coverage of public companies on a scale of negative one to one, with scores closest to one being the most favorable. MTS Systems earned a coverage optimism score of 0.09 on AlphaOne’s scale. AlphaOne also assigned news coverage about the scientific and technical instruments company an impact score of 86 out of 100, indicating that recent press coverage is very likely to have an effect on the stock’s share price in the immediate future. A number of analysts have recently issued reports on MTSC shares. TheStreet downgraded shares of MTS Systems from a “b-” rating to a “c” rating in a report on Monday, April 17th. Zacks Investment Research raised shares of MTS Systems from a “sell” rating to a “hold” rating in a report on Wednesday, March 22nd. Finally, JPMorgan Chase & Co. downgraded shares of MTS Systems from an “overweight” rating to a “neutral” rating and set a $61.00 price target on the stock. in a report on Friday, February 10th. Three equities research analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and two have issued a buy rating to the company’s stock. The company has a consensus rating of “Hold” and an average price target of $55.67. Shares of MTS Systems (NASDAQ:MTSC) traded down 1.79% during mid-day trading on Monday, hitting $52.25. 43,213 shares of the stock were exchanged. The stock has a market cap of $874.72 million, a PE ratio of 43.98 and a beta of 1.54. The stock’s 50 day moving average is $49.62 and its 200-day moving average is $53.95. MTS Systems has a 12 month low of $41.53 and a 12 month high of $59.00. MTS Systems (NASDAQ:MTSC) last issued its earnings results on Monday, May 8th. The scientific and technical instruments company reported $0.67 EPS for the quarter, beating the Zacks’ consensus estimate of $0.48 by $0.19. The firm had revenue of $193.42 million for the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $185.54 million. MTS Systems had a return on equity of 12.45% and a net margin of 5.37%. During the same quarter in the prior year, the firm earned $0.27 earnings per share. On average, analysts anticipate that MTS Systems will post $2.22 EPS for the current year. In other news, insider David Hore bought 5,000 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Wednesday, May 10th. The shares were purchased at an average price of $51.55 per share, for a total transaction of $257,750.00. Following the completion of the transaction, the insider now directly owns 5,000 shares in the company, valued at $257,750. The purchase was disclosed in a document filed with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is available at this link. 1.50% of the stock is owned by corporate insiders. TRADEMARK VIOLATION WARNING: This article was published by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are viewing this article on another domain, it was stolen and republished in violation of U.S. and international trademark & copyright law. The original version of this article can be viewed at https://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/06/05/mts-systems-mtsc-earns-daily-media-sentiment-score-of-0-09.html. About MTS Systems MTS Systems Corporation is a supplier of test systems and position sensors. The Company operates through two segments: Test and Sensors. The Test segment provides testing solutions, including hardware, software and services to ground vehicles, materials and structures markets. The Sensors segment provides position sensors for a range of industrial and mobile hydraulic applications. Receive News & Ratings for MTS Systems Co. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for MTS Systems Co. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Trump’s Tweets Complicate Already Complicated Week World Leaders Very Critical of Paris Agreement Decision by Trump Aide to President Trump Resigns With More Expected Scud-Class Missile Launched by North Korea Travel Ban Dealt Another Blow by Appeals Court © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
msn back to msn home money search money search web search Sign in Change language & content: América Latina (español) Argentina (español) Australia (English) België (Nederlands) Belgique (français) Brasil (português) Canada (English) Canada (français) Chile (español) Colombia (español) Danmark (Dansk) Deutschland (Deutsch) España (español) France (français) India (English) Indonesia (Bahasa Indonesia) Ireland (English) Italia (italiano) Malaysia (English) México (español) Nederland (Nederlands) New Zealand (English) Norge (norsk, bokmål) Österreich (Deutsch) Perú (español) Philippines (English) Polska (polski) Portugal (Português) Schweiz (Deutsch) Singapore (English) South Africa (English) Suisse (français) Suomi (suomi) Sverige (svenska) Türkiye (Türkçe) United Arab Emirates (English) United Kingdom (English) United States (English) United States (español) Venezuela (español) Việt Nam (Tiếng Việt) Ελλάδα (ελληνικά) Россия (Pусский) ישראל (עברית)‏ الإمارات العربية المتحدة (العربية‏) المملكة العربية السعودية (العربية‏) مصر (العربية‏) ไทย (ไทย) 한국 (한국어) 中华人民共和国 (简体中文) 台灣 (繁體中文) 日本 (日本語) 香港特别行政區 (繁體中文) Switch to Latino (Español) Feedback Help Today Markets Investing Personal Finance Real Estate Careers Small Business My Watchlist Mortgages Credit Cards Tools Home News Weather Entertainment Sports Money Lifestyle Health & Fitness Food & Drink Travel Autos Video Top Stocks Retirement Mutual Funds and ETFs Small Business Expert Voices Credit First-Time Homebuyers Guide Stock Picks Today's 52-Week Highs Today's 52-Week Lows Volume Shockers Price Shockers High-yield Stocks The Best Blue-Chip Stocks AdChoices Wall Street gets nervous about Snap as it forecasts even bigger losses CNBC John Shinal 2 days ago SHARE SHARE TWEET SHARE EMAIL 10 stocks that are ready to join the market rally Google's Alphabet sees shares top $1,000 for first time Snap's (SNAP) challenges are mounting as a growing number of rivals attack its core business — and Wall Street is beginning to take it seriously. Quotes in the article Microsoft Corp MSFT ▼ 72.04 -0.34 -0.47% Snap Inc SNAP ▼ 18.52 -1.00 -5.12% Alphabet Inc GOOGL ▼ 967.00 -2.00 -0.21% Facebook Inc FB ▲ 153.46 +0.35 +0.23% Stock analysts who cover the company now see Snap posting wider losses for this year and next than they expected three months ago, the latest data from Yahoo Finance shows. Most recently, JPMorgan cut its 2017 price target on Snap to $18 from $20 on Monday. What's more, the company's shares slid in last week — even as the broader market for tech stocks rose — after an influential internet report released Wednesday showed just how big a challenge Snap faces in the online ad market. If Snap can't innovate fast enough to stay ahead of Facebook (FB) and other much-larger rivals, the company may find itself trying to generate growth out of an ever-smaller slice of the digital ad pie. Taken together, the latest news on the company suggests that investors who are betting on Snap shares will see more of the bumpy ride that's followed its early March IPO. The shares, which closed Friday at just over $21 a share, have traded as high as $29.44 and as low as $17.59. It was at $20.68 on Monday morning. The risks in owning Snap shares aren't news to anyone who read it's pre-IPO financial documents. The owner of Snapchat has never come close to making a profit and said plainly that it "may never achieve or maintain profitability." The stock will also be under more pressure this summer as the lockup on roughly three-quarters of its shares expires in late July. © Provided by CNBC Wider losses seen for this year and 2018 But a look at the average estimate of analysts shows that Wall Street is expecting even deeper losses now than at the time of Snap's IPO. As of late Friday, the company was expected to lose 57 cents a share this year, a much wider than the loss of 44 cents expected in early March, and worse than the 51 cent loss seen just 30 days ago. The trend is the same for Snap's 2018 losses, which are now forecast at 34 cents a share, or about a third wider than the 26 cents projected three months ago. And those numbers exclude the costs of stock-based compensation, which continue to be significant at the company. In the first quarter, for example, those charges were $2 billion, or 13 times revenue of $150 million, driven higher by the company's IPO. The bad news in Mary Meeker's annual internet trends report Meanwhile, Snap shares have been slipping even while the Nasdaq composite index climbed to new highs. The drop came after Mary Meeker, the former Wall Street analyst who now tracks the web for the marquee venture capital firm Kleiner Perkins, released her annual internet trends report on Wednesday. According to Meeker, Facebook and Alphabet's Google (GOOGL) captured 85 percent of the growth in online ad revenue last year. That suggests online advertising is fast becoming a duopoly that will leave little room for smaller rivals like Snap. Snapchat is seen capturing less than 1 percent of online ad revenue this year, according to the research firm eMarketer. And the shift to mobile video ads that Facebook and Google are dominating is attracting other rivals. Add Microsoft to the list of companies aping Snapchat features Last Thursday, Microsoft's (MSFT) Skype unit rolled out new features meant to bolster its image as a fun place for people to hang out together online. Skype's updates include a tool for sharing videos that is similar to the stories tool from Snapchat. Skype users can now also paste emojis and short pieces of animation, known as gifs, into their photos and videos. Those kinds of tools have proven so popular with Snapchat users that Facebook (FB) aped them earlier this year and made them available to users of its Instagram service. In April, Facebook said Instagram's stories feature had 200 million users — more than Snapchat's total user base of 166 million. That push dented Snap's user growth in the first quarter, prompting investors to sell off its shares by more than 20 percent in one day. Still, the shares bounced back after several large hedge funds said they were buyers of the stock. And Snap hasn't been standing still. It said this week it began shipping its Spectacles glasses to Europe. That product can be used to take pictures and view digital elements superimposed upon real-life scenes, a function called augmented reality or AR. The glasses have yet to contribute meaningfully to Snap's revenue. If Snap wants to keep boosting its number of users and ad revenue, it likely will need more innovation to stay ahead of a growing list of competitors — which now includes Microsoft. Otherwise, Snapchat may find itself encircled by other, larger predators on the hunt for the same game. Disclosure: NBC Universal, the parent company of CNBC, is an investor in Snap. Go to MSN Home Go to MSN Money Join the conversation Report Abuse Report inappropriate content Sorry! There was a problem. Please try again. Help us maintain a healthy and vibrant community by reporting any illegal or inappropriate behavior that violates MSN’s Code of Conduct. Select a category Spam Child pornography or exploitation Profanity, vulgarity or obscenity Copyright infringement Harassment or threat Threats of suicide Other Who posted the inappropriate comment (Required) Paste the unacceptable comment here submit Leave your comment Poll Oil prices have been volatile. How are you reacting? Buying energy stocks Selling energy stocks Buying related stocks in other sectors Riding it out Not scientifically valid. Results are updated every minute. TOTAL RESPONSES:11038VOTES VIEW RESULTS << GO BACK TO VOTE VOTE NEXT POLL AdChoices AdChoices AdChoices More from CNBC Alphabet shares soar through $1,000 for the first time CNBC Here's what to expect from Apple’s big event Monday CNBC Apple to face 4 challenges this week that may alter its future CNBC CNBC View the full site Feedback © 2017 Microsoft Privacy Legal About our Ads Feedback Help MSN Worldwide Newsletter Found the story interesting? Like us on Facebook to see similar stories I'm already a fan, don't show this again Send Feedback Provide Feedback Report a Problem We appreciate your input! Select a category: I'm having problems with Top Destinations I'm having issues searching I'm having problems with Featured Apps I see an error in the content Other How we can improve? Please give an overall site rating: Submit Close Privacy Statement Help Help & Support
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance KB Financial Group Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for KB Financial Group Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Advantus Capital Management Inc Acquires 292 Shares of American Financial Group Inc (AFG) KB Financial Group (KB) Earning Positive Press Coverage, Analysis Finds CMS Energy (CMS) Earning Positive News Coverage, Study Shows Mistras Group (MG) Earns News Sentiment Rating of 0.33 Entercom Communications Corp. (ETM) Given Media Sentiment Rating of 0.33 Hewlett Packard Enterprise (HPE) Given News Sentiment Rating of 0.34 Zacks: Analysts Anticipate BBVA Banco Frances S.A. (BFR) Will Post Earnings of $0.41 Per Share Susquehanna Bancshares (SUSQ) Earns Daily Media Impact Score of 0.34 Energizer Holdings (ENR) Earning Favorable Media Coverage, Analysis Finds Xerox Corp (XRX) Shares Sold by Gagnon Securities LLC JD.Com Inc (JD) Shares Sold by TIAA CREF Investment Management LLC Brokerages Anticipate BioDelivery Sciences International, Inc. (BDSI) to Post -$0.24 EPS Leucadia National Corp. (LUK) Shares Bought by Advantus Capital Management Inc Twenty-First Century Fox Inc (FOX) Position Maintained by FIL Ltd Advantus Capital Management Inc Acquires 269 Shares of Toro Co (TTC) TIAA CREF Investment Management LLC Has $75.98 Million Stake in PulteGroup, Inc. (PHM) Advantus Capital Management Inc Boosts Stake in W. R. Berkley Corp (WRB) FIL Ltd Has $48.51 Million Position in Red Hat Inc (RHT) Toronto-Dominion Bank (TD) Shares Sold by First Long Island Investors LLC Egalet Corp (EGLT) Downgraded by ValuEngine to “Strong Sell” KB Financial Group (KB) Earning Positive Press Coverage, Analysis Finds June 5th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Trevor Kearing Filed Under: Finance - News Sentiment Articles Tweet Headlines about KB Financial Group (NYSE:KB) have been trending positive recently, Alpha One reports. The research group, a service of Accern, scores the sentiment of press coverage by analyzing more than 20 million blog and news sources. Alpha One ranks coverage of public companies on a scale of -1 to 1, with scores nearest to one being the most favorable. KB Financial Group earned a daily sentiment score of 0.36 on Alpha One’s scale. Alpha One also gave headlines about the bank an impact score of 0 out of 100, meaning that recent press coverage is extremely unlikely to have an impact on the stock’s share price in the next few days. A number of equities analysts have commented on KB shares. JPMorgan Chase & Co. raised shares of KB Financial Group from a “neutral” rating to an “overweight” rating in a research note on Monday, February 13th. Morgan Stanley raised shares of KB Financial Group from an “equal weight” rating to an “overweight” rating in a research note on Thursday, February 23rd. Four investment analysts have rated the stock with a buy rating and one has issued a strong buy rating to the stock. The company presently has an average rating of “Buy” and a consensus price target of $42.00. Shares of KB Financial Group (NYSE KB) traded up 1.64% during trading on Monday, reaching $48.86. 105,404 shares of the company’s stock were exchanged. The stock has a market capitalization of $19.38 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 8.70 and a beta of 1.20. The stock has a 50 day moving average price of $46.12 and a 200-day moving average price of $41.30. KB Financial Group has a 52 week low of $26.45 and a 52 week high of $49.03. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY NOTICE: This report was posted by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are accessing this report on another site, it was copied illegally and reposted in violation of international trademark and copyright law. The correct version of this report can be read at https://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/06/05/kb-financial-group-kb-earning-positive-press-coverage-analysis-finds.html. KB Financial Group Company Profile KB Financial Group Inc is a financial holding company in Korea. The Company’s operations include Kookmin Bank, a commercial bank in Korea. The Company operates through six business segments: retail banking operations, corporate banking operations, other banking operations, credit card operations, investment and securities operations, and life insurance operations. Receive News & Ratings for KB Financial Group Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for KB Financial Group Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Trump’s Tweets Complicate Already Complicated Week World Leaders Very Critical of Paris Agreement Decision by Trump Aide to President Trump Resigns With More Expected Scud-Class Missile Launched by North Korea Travel Ban Dealt Another Blow by Appeals Court © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
HOME LOCAL POLITICS INTERVIEWS WORLD SPORTS COLUMNS EDITORIAL MY TAPROBANA RED CARPET CEYLON POLITICS TALKING CRICKET MINORITY PERSPECTIVES MY SERENDIB SCI / TECH ENTERTAINMENT GALLERY BIZARRE Features Mosaic Lite Hello Look Horoscope PRINT EDITION News Columns Sport Focus Interviews FT Opinion E-PAPER CONTACT Asian markets mostly lower after London attack   👤  2422 readers have read this article ! By 2017-06-06 Markets in Asia closed mostly lower on Monday following an attack in central London over the weekend and as oil prices gained sharply after four countries snapped diplomatic ties with Qatar. Oil prices rose on the back of news that Saudi Arabia, Bahrain, the United Arab Emirates and Egypt had severed diplomatic ties with Qatar. Saudi Arabia said it had cut ties with Qatar due to reasons related to terrorism, Reuters reported. Brent crude gained 0.86 per cent to trade at $50.38 a barrel and US West Texas International (WTI) crude added 0.9 per cent at $48.08. Natural gas futures for July also rose by 1.13 per cent to $3.032 per million British thermal units. Qatar is one of the world's largest producers of natural gas. In the weekend incident in London, attackers first drove into pedestrians on London Bridge, then headed to Borough Market before being shot by police. At least seven were killed following the attack. Twelve individuals have already been arrested, the Metropolitan Police said. The impact of the most recent London attack, however, is likely to have a 'very limited' on the markets, JPMorgan Asset Management's Chief Asia Market Strategist Tai Hui told CNBC. "If you look at various attacks in the past six to nine months in Europe or other parts of the world, their impact or the impression on the market tends to be very limited, if at all," Tai said. "Obviously, if that does steer towards a change in the political landscape in the UK for the election this week ... (in the) next several quarters, obviously that might have a marginal market impact," he added. The British pound traded as low as $1.2845 compared to levels around $1.2879 seen before the weekend. Cable traded at $1.2874 at 2:25 p.m. HK/SIN. The attack over the weekend would mostly have a 'minimal' impact on the pound's trajectory, Nomura G10 FX Strategist Peter Dragicevich told CNBC. "I think the bigger focus is obviously the election on Thursday in the UK. There is still a lot of uncertainty around which party will win. The polls do still suggest a majority for the Conservatives, but clearly the probability has declined with the narrowing in the polls," Dragicevich said. In Asia, the Nikkei 225 was marginally lower, closing down 0.03 per cent or 6.46 points at 20,170.82. South Korea's benchmark Kospi index finished the session 0.13 per cent or 3.1 points down at 2,368.62. The ASX 200 shed 0.57 per cent or 33.214 points to close at 5,754.9, driven largely by weakness in major financial stocks. Markets in China were mixed despite the positive read from the May Caixin services PMI, with the Hang Seng Index down 0.41 per cent at 3:00 p.m. HK/SIN. The Shanghai Composite closed 0.45 per cent or 14.0138 points down at 3,091.5262 while the Shenzhen Composite finished higher by 0.689 per cent or 12.3292 points at 1,800.9325. The Caixin services PMI came in at 52.8, compared to the 51.5 figure seen last month. This month's services PMI reflected that growth in the sector grew the quickest in four months. New Zealand markets are closed for a holiday. Shares of Japanese automakers were mostly lower on the strength of the yen, with Toyota falling 2.04 per cent to close at 5,968 yen a stock. The company had announced over the weekend it had sold its shares in Tesla after the end of a partnership to develop electric cars. (CNBC) COLUMNS Meteorologists’ forecasts ignored  👤3262 🕔2017-06-07 Absence of experienced Mathews will be missed  👤5441 🕔2017-06-04 Maithri Refuses to declare emergency as natural disaster calls for better management  👤5616 🕔2017-06-04 Duke of Edinburgh asking Eelanadu scribe how safe Jaffna is?  👤3875 🕔2017-06-03 Sample of Terror  👤2438 🕔2017-06-08 view all Interviews INTERVIEWS Turf war at Excise Department👤3661 🕔2017-06-06 05:16:46 Precautions needed to curb epidemics –GMOA Gen Secy👤3308 🕔2017-06-05 08:13:20 CIVIL SOCIETY RULING COUNTRY DURING NATURAL DISASTERS GOVT is IMPOTENT!-WASANTHA SAMARASINGHE👤4051 🕔2017-06-04 06:11:25 SLFP is weakened –Prasanna👤4829 🕔2017-06-02 05:50:56 Perhaps Mossad manipulates BBS– Mujibur Rahman👤3968 🕔2017-05-31 05:27:24 LANKAN POLITICS AND SCIENCE LIKE OIL AND WATER!👤3093 🕔2017-05-30 05:17:23 China’s long-term plan in Lanka – Carl Zha👤4909 🕔2017-05-29 05:42:36 Deal opposition and tame opposition silent👤5653 🕔2017-05-26 05:36:08 Forefathers of this country were Tamils – Sangaree👤4296 🕔2017-05-25 05:46:28 PRINT EDITION News Commander Ratnayake Probed by FCID  👤3148  🕔2017-06-08 Transformer ablaze near Prez’s residence  👤3128  🕔2017-06-08 Palisena thrown out of Bond probe   👤3131  🕔2017-06-08 Floods to slow growth to 4.4%  👤4029  🕔2017-06-08 Spl. Commodity Levy reduced by Rs 25  👤3110  🕔2017-06-08 Policy stability measures reaping dividends – Fitch Ratings  👤3123  🕔2017-06-08 Monetary Policy coherency vague – Fitch Analyst  👤3269  🕔2017-06-08 Britain goes to the Polls today  👤3116  🕔2017-06-08 Ravi orders monitoring by Gulf Missions  👤3126  🕔2017-06-08 Rs 100 M more from Cabinet  👤3122  🕔2017-06-08 PM commits to law, reconciliation  👤3132  🕔2017-06-08 Dayasiri to purchase Susanthika’s medal?  👤4944  🕔2017-06-08 Teresa May reckless, misinformed   👤3121  🕔2017-06-08 New Standing Orders by July  👤3866  🕔2017-06-08 New panel of chairpersons appointed by Weerakkody  👤3121  🕔2017-06-08 Govt to ban tobacco cultivation   👤3120  🕔2017-06-08 Expert panel completes report  👤3110  🕔2017-06-08 From North to South with LOVE!  👤3108  🕔2017-06-08 Faiz appointed SLPCP Colombo District organizer  👤3115  🕔2017-06-08 80-yr-old dies in road mishap  👤3108  🕔2017-06-08 Politicians must assist in disaster management – Manusha  👤3104  🕔2017-06-08 Cabinet gives the nod  👤3131  🕔2017-06-08 Govt minister protecting rapists – HINDFOS  👤3125  🕔2017-06-08 Unification of country most important  👤3919  🕔2017-06-08 With new nuclear technologies Going forward to a mad cold war  👤3107  🕔2017-06-08 Read More Columns Is milk really necessary for kids?  👤2633  🕔2017-06-08 DEPRESSION CAN BE TREATED  👤2630  🕔2017-06-08 Unauthorized constructions Take toll on environment  👤4071  🕔2017-06-07 How Social Media conducted Flood Relief Missions  👤4116  🕔2017-06-07 Science Leads!   👤3363  🕔2017-06-07 Read More Sport South Africa 219-8 against Pakistan  👤491  🕔2017-06-08 Kapugedera out with injury Danushka set to open  👤290  🕔2017-06-08 Morgan lauds 'outstanding' attack  👤3112  🕔2017-06-08 Go West! Late try gives Lions the Blues  👤3111  🕔2017-06-08 ‘Milo’ marks 25 years with rugby  👤3116  🕔2017-06-08 St. Servatius beat Richmond  👤3106  🕔2017-06-08 ‘Singer Cup’ U-15 Division 1 Cricket Sudeera first double centurion Sheron makes third ton  👤3112  🕔2017-06-08 Madeena CC softball champs  👤3107  🕔2017-06-08 Nadal into 10th French Open semi-final  👤3113  🕔2017-06-08 Thiem sends Djokovic crashing  👤3111  🕔2017-06-08 Read More Focus Why is it in ‘Doldrums’?  👤2590  🕔2017-06-08 POSON FULL MOON POYA DAY FALLS TODAY THE FIRST INTELLIGENCE TEST EVER  👤2224  🕔2017-06-08 Elephant mother mourning her baby shot dead Police officer should’ve known better – Environmentalists  👤3309  🕔2017-06-07 Is Bilderberg pulling the strings?  👤4248  🕔2017-06-07 Turning point in history  👤3122  🕔2017-06-06 Read More Interviews Most natural disasters today are man-made  👤2991  🕔2017-06-08 Cabinet reshuffle: UNP has taken a big hit –Kabir  👤5193  🕔2017-06-07 Turf war at Excise Department  👤2709  🕔2017-06-06 Precautions needed to curb epidemics –GMOA Gen Secy  👤2571  🕔2017-06-05 CIVIL SOCIETY RULING COUNTRY DURING NATURAL DISASTERS GOVT is IMPOTENT!-WASANTHA SAMARASINGHE  👤3573  🕔2017-06-04 Read More FT Lanka Microfinance Practitioners' Association celebrates 10th anniversary  👤2626  🕔2017-06-08 Get in shape for your special day with SKECHERS GORun 400  👤2629  🕔2017-06-08 LAUGFS launches ARC Centre for vehicle care  👤2628  🕔2017-06-08 Hayleys Puritas provides 33,600 litres of clean drinking water  👤2623  🕔2017-06-08 Can’t make an omelette without breaking eggs  👤2630  🕔2017-06-08 Shangri-La Hotel, Colombo awards scholarships for hospitality careers   👤2630  🕔2017-06-08 For ‘Gudppl’, Microsoft BizSpark reinforced vision  👤2626  🕔2017-06-08 Allianz Lanka lauds star performers at Allianz Awards  👤2629  🕔2017-06-08 Cambio Software Engineering expands in Sri Lanka  👤2626  🕔2017-06-08 Ad Agencies get set for the SLIM Effie Awards  👤2627  🕔2017-06-08 Read More Opinion Woods apologizes for DUI arrest   👤2160  🕔2017-05-31 Ladies College U-17 team emerge TT champions  👤2384  🕔2017-05-27 Is Constitution the answer?  👤1868  🕔2017-05-25 Read More Features Look The guileless Beauty of a Poetic Soul- Tharurasi Fernando  👤1603  🕔2017-06-07 Hello Pain  👤1548  🕔2017-06-07 DOGMA (1999)  👤1699  🕔2017-06-06 Wonder Woman, truly a wonder!  👤2129  🕔2017-06-06 The all new IntelCore- X series is at your service!  👤1551  🕔2017-06-06 Read More Horoscope The Christlike Life of Lahiri Mahasaya  👤1272  🕔2017-06-04 CHILD BIRTH According to planetary transits  👤1246  🕔2017-06-04 Facial Yoga Exercises  👤1271  🕔2017-06-04 Remedy for unwanted hair  👤1232  🕔2017-06-04 Birth Nakshatra predicts your character  👤1238  🕔2017-06-04 Read More Mosaic RTC Fashion Parade is all about elegance…  👤3574  🕔2017-06-04 Hindi Courses for Adults & Children  👤3600  🕔2017-06-04 Scholarships  👤3558  🕔2017-06-04 Rootings, nurturings, blossomings, begettings  👤3564  🕔2017-06-04 Poetry and Picturesqueness  👤3555  🕔2017-06-04 Guru Deva – the Creed of Teachers  👤3567  🕔2017-06-04 ‘Chittha’  👤3558  🕔2017-06-04 Flower faded away  👤3565  🕔2017-06-04 Read More Lite BAILA NIGHT POSTPONED TO 4 JUNE 2017  👤943  🕔2017-06-04 Fusion of fashion and film  👤945  🕔2017-06-04 The heaviest floods of yore   👤960  🕔2017-06-04 Exclusive dinners with world-renowned chef   👤896  🕔2017-06-04 Recognizing exceptional employees  👤892  🕔2017-06-04 Idyllic weddings locally  👤922  🕔2017-06-04 Read More Hello The Caribbean waters awakened once again  👤933  🕔2017-06-04 Opportunities in hospitality  👤903  🕔2017-06-04 Baywatch turns into comedy entertainment  👤941  🕔2017-06-04 Injustice returns  👤914  🕔2017-06-04 An extravagant scrum down   👤894  🕔2017-05-28 DeLon’s back!  👤872  🕔2017-05-28 Read More LATEST NEWS 'Fantastic Beasts 2' to feature teen Dumbledore, Newt Scamander  👤99 🕔2017-06-08 16:51:02 India fireworks blaze kills 23 in Madhya Pradesh  👤217 🕔2017-06-08 15:48:07 Doughnuts that glow in the dark  👤234 🕔2017-06-08 14:49:27 Asian nations make plastic promise  👤333 🕔2017-06-08 13:51:18 Sony sells one million VR headsets  👤500 🕔2017-06-08 12:49:09 Nadal into 10th French Open semi-final  👤593 🕔2017-06-08 11:57:01 President's Poson Message  👤767 🕔2017-06-08 11:10:58 Sri Lanka looking to bounce back  👤874 🕔2017-06-08 10:32:30 Read More TODAY CARTOON Galleries   BuildSL Housing and Construction Expo 2017 at BMICH View all photos Contact No : General: +94 0117566566 Marketing Manager : +94 117566550 Marketing Department - General : +94 117566572, +94 117566568 Circulation Manager : +94 117566580, +94 117566581 Editorial : +94 117 566 522, +94 117 566 526 Email : [email protected] All the content on this website is copyright protected and can be reproduced only by giving the due courtesy to 'ceylontoday.lk' Copyright © 2016 Ceylon Newspapers (Pvt) Ltd.
Latest News Dow 21,187 +13.53 +0.06% Nasdaq 6,297 -0.76 -0.01% S&P 500 2,433 -0.23 -0.01% 10:01 A.M. ET Updated Snapchat user growth could be slowing again this quarter, analysts warn 10:00 A.M. ET Lear downgraded to underweight from equal weight at Morgan Stanley 10:00 A.M. ET A London Couple's 1913 Home Gets Modern Updates 10:00 A.M. ET James Comey testifies at blockbuster hearing in Senate: live blog and video 9:57 A.M. ET Updated Need an antidote to the Triple Threat? This unloved stock is poised for revival 9:56 A.M. ET This is the worst thing people do on their summer vacation 9:56 A.M. ET We want your feedback: Take a sneak peek at upcoming changes to Virtual Stock Exchange 9:54 A.M. ET Updated Nasdaq sets intraday record, but stocks cough up early rise ahead of Comey testimony 9:46 A.M. ET Updated U.S. jobless claims remain near lowest level in decades 9:40 A.M. ET Breaking Nasdaq Composite turns negative after briefly setting an intraday record in morning trade 9:35 A.M. ET Alibaba's stock soars toward record price gain, adding over $41 billion to market cap 9:34 A.M. ET CCTV Shows Police Shooting London Bridge Attackers 9:34 A.M. ET Updated Euro retreats from 6-month high after ECB comments 9:34 A.M. ET Updated This city is helping its employees pay off their student loans 9:32 A.M. ET Updated U.S. stocks open flat as investors look ahead to U.K. election, Comey testimony 9:32 A.M. ET S&P 500, Dow trade at break-even levels at the open, ahead of Comey testimony 9:31 A.M. ET Breaking Nasdaq Composite touches intraday record at the open 6,311.89 9:30 A.M. ET Breaking Stock market opens slightly higher on jam-packed Thursday 9:30 A.M. ET Coastal and Cosmopolitan Valencia Attracts Expats 9:26 A.M. ET Pandora extends pre-closing period in KKR investment, exploring alternatives Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Financial Adviser Center Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement Retire Here, Not There Encore Taxes How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Home Press Release Apollo Commercial Real Estate Finance, Inc. Announces Full Exercise of Option to Purchase Additional Shares of Common Stock By Published: June 5, 2017 4:15 p.m. ET Share NEW YORK, Jun 05, 2017 (BUSINESS WIRE) -- Apollo Commercial Real Estate Finance, Inc. (the “Company”) ARI, +0.22% today announced the underwriters for the Company’s recently announced public offering of 12,000,000 shares of common stock have exercised in full their option to purchase up to an additional 1,800,000 shares. After giving effect to the full exercise of the option, the total estimated gross proceeds from the offering totaled approximately $251.9 million. Settlement of the sale of the additional shares occurred concurrent with the closing of the offering today, June 5, 2017. ARI intends to use all or a portion of the net proceeds from the offering to acquire or originate the Company's target assets, which include commercial first mortgage loans, subordinate financings, commercial mortgage backed securities (“CMBS”) and other commercial real estate-related debt investments, and for working capital and other general corporate purposes, including the repayment of borrowings outstanding under the Company's repurchase agreements (excluding repurchase agreements secured by the Company’s CMBS portfolio). Citigroup, J.P. Morgan, BofA Merrill Lynch and Morgan Stanley were the joint book-running managers for the offering and JMP Securities was the co-manager for the offering. A registration statement relating to these securities has been filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission and has become effective. The offering was made by means of a preliminary prospectus supplement and accompanying prospectus. A copy of the final prospectus supplement and accompanying prospectus related to the offering can be obtained by contacting Citigroup, c/o Broadridge Financial Solutions, 1155 Long Island Avenue, Edgewood, NY 11717 or by calling 800-831-9146; J.P. Morgan Securities LLC, c/o Broadridge Financial Solutions, 1155 Long Island Avenue, Edgewood, NY 11717, Attention: Prospectus Department, or by calling 866-803-9204; BofA Merrill Lynch, NC1-004-03-43, 200 North College Street, 3rd floor, Charlotte NC 28255-0001, Attention: Prospectus Department, Email: dg.prospectus_requests@baml.com; or Morgan Stanley, Attention: Prospectus Department, 180 Varick Street, Second Floor, New York, NY 10014. This press release shall not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy any securities, nor shall there be any sale of any securities in any state or jurisdiction in which such offer, solicitation or sale would be unlawful prior to registration or qualification under the securities laws of any such state or jurisdiction. About Apollo Commercial Real Estate Finance, Inc. Apollo Commercial Real Estate Finance, Inc. ARI, +0.22% is a real estate investment trust that primarily originates, acquires, invests in and manages performing commercial first mortgage loans, subordinate financings, CMBS and other commercial real estate-related debt investments. The Company is externally managed and advised by ACREFI Management, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company and an indirect subsidiary of Apollo Global Management, LLC, a leading global alternative investment manager with approximately $197.5 billion of assets under management at March 31, 2017. Forward-Looking Statements Certain statements contained in this press release constitute forward-looking statements as such term is defined in Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and such statements are intended to be covered by the safe harbor provided by the same. Forward-looking statements are subject to substantial risks and uncertainties, many of which are difficult to predict and are generally beyond the Company's control. These forward-looking statements include information about possible or assumed future results of the Company's business, financial condition, liquidity, results of operations, plans and objectives. When used in this release, the words believe, expect, anticipate, estimate, plan, continue, intend, should, may or similar expressions, are intended to identify forward-looking statements. Statements regarding the following subjects, among others, may be forward-looking: the return on equity; the yield on investments; the ability to borrow to finance assets; the Company’s ability to deploy the proceeds of its capital raises or acquire its target assets; and risks associated with investing in real estate assets, including changes in business conditions and the general economy. For a further list and description of such risks and uncertainties, see the reports filed by the Company with the Securities and Exchange Commission. The forward-looking statements, and other risks, uncertainties and factors are based on the Company's beliefs, assumptions and expectations of its future performance, taking into account all information currently available to the Company. Forward-looking statements are not predictions of future events. The Company disclaims any intention or obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as required by law. View source version on businesswire.com: http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20170605006158/en/ SOURCE: Apollo Commercial Real Estate Finance, Inc. Apollo Commercial Real Estate Finance, Inc. Hilary Ginsberg, 212-822-0767 Investor Relations Copyright Business Wire 2017 From MarketWatch More Coverage 3 reasons why this couple is ignoring their 401(k) accounts in early retirement This is why the Midwest will be the hottest retirement destination Bill Gross warns U.S. market risk is at highest since 2008 crisis Quote References ARI +0.04 +0.22% Most Popular Why house prices in gay neighborhoods are soaring Nasdaq sets intraday record, but stocks cough up early rise ahead of Comey testimony Bill Gross warns U.S. market risk is at highest since 2008 crisis Four big events that are prompting investors to sell stocks and buy bonds and gold Women and Alcohol: One Glass a Day Linked to Cancer MarketWatch Partner Center Sponsored Headlines MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News London WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2017 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real-time last sale data for U.S. stock quotes reflect trades reported through Nasdaq only. Intraday data delayed at least 15 minutes or per exchange requirements. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found Apollo Commercial Real Estate Finance Inc. U.S.: NYSE: ARI $18.32 +0.04 (+0.22%) Volume 139.6K Open $18.29 High $18.36 Low $18.27 P/E Ratio 9.77 Div Yield 10.04 Market Cap 1.9B Apollo Commercial Real Estate Finance Inc. U.S.: NYSE: ARI $18.32 +0.04 (+0.22%) Volume 139.6K Open $18.29 High $18.36 Low $18.27 P/E Ratio 9.77 Div Yield 10.04 Market Cap 1.9B
Benzinga Benzinga Pro Marketfy Financial Data & APIs Fintech Awards Premarket Prep Membership is Free What are you waiting for? Sign up now! Username: Username available! Username taken! Email: Email available! Email taken! Password: Leave blank: OR Free Account Login Click here to access your premium account Username or email: Password: OR Forgot password?' Looking for ? CLICK HERE Contribute Login Sign up Benzinga - Feed Your Mind. Home Best of Benzinga Careers About Contact Us Partners Benzinga Fintech Awards News Earnings Guidance Dividends M&A Buybacks Legal Interviews Management Retail Sales Offerings IPOs Insider Trades Biotech/FDA Markets Pre-Market After Hours Movers Forex Commodities Options Binary Options Bonds Futures Global Economics Previews Reviews Small-Cap Ratings Analyst Color Downgrades Upgrades Initiations Price Target Ideas Long Ideas Short Ideas Technicals From The Press Jim Cramer Rumors ETFs Tech Start-Ups Fintech Personal Finance Marketfy Benzinga Pro Earnings Guidance Dividends M&A Buybacks Legal Interviews Management Retail Sales Offerings IPOs Insider Trades Biotech/FDA Market Overview Tickers Articles Keywords Search by keyword...googlecse JPMorgan's Dimon Makes The Case For The Paris Accord Jayson Derrick , Benzinga Staff Writer   {{following ? "Following" : "Follow"}} June 05, 2017 3:39pm   Comments Share: President Donald Trump's decision to withdraw from the Paris climate change accord has certainly resulted in a backlash from corporate America. Despite some evidence pointing to the accord as being a "bad deal" for American taxpayers and workers, CEOs including Tesla Inc (NASDAQ: TSLA)'s Elon Musk and Walt Disney Co (NYSE: DIS)'s Bob Iger decided to cut ties with the president. Instead of sending a public message of severing ties with the president over the White House's stance on the accords, JPMorgan Chase & Co. (NYSE: JPM)'s CEO Jamie Dimon made it clear it is necessary for him to stay on as an adviser to the president so his voice is better heard. "I am an American patriot," Dimon told Bloomberg from the sidelines of the JPMorgan Global China Summit in Beijing. "I want to help the president of the United States." Dimon went on to criticize Musk and Iger who essentially quit the advisory board over one single issue. Dimon added that he is in favor of a carbon tax but also acknowledged this represents a tax on consumers. Also, the executive believes that a reason to remain in the Paris accord is to show a sign of good faith to the international community and signal America remains a team player in global initiatives. The executive also expressed his confidence in the White House's ongoing trade talks with China and the administration's pledge to create both free and fair trade agreements with many partners. Related Links: 5 Things You Need To Know From Jamie Dimon's Letter On Morality And Society Jamie Dimon's Annual Letter Has A Central Theme: Something's Wrong In America ________ Image Credit: By Steve Jurvetson - Flickr: Jamie Dimon, CEO of JPMorgan Chase, CC BY 2.0, via Wikimedia Commons Posted-In: News Futures Politics Topics Management Events Global Markets Best of Benzinga © 2017 Benzinga.com. Benzinga does not provide investment advice. All rights reserved.   Related Articles (DIS + JPM) The $5.7 Billion Defamation Lawsuit Disney's ABC Is Fighting In A Small South Dakota Town WWE Targets August For Launch On New Monthly Snapchat Content Within 20 Years, 35% Of Fortune 3000 Companies Will Be Based In China, Jamie Dimon Says The Market In 5 Minutes Time Warner's 'Wonder Woman' Jump-Starts Summer Box Office, Female Superhero Genre White House Says The Paris Climate Accord Hurt American Businesses; Do American Businesses Agree? View Comments and Join the Discussion! View the discussion thread. News from idealmedia Sign up for email alerts on TSLA Trending Recent 1 BLDP, JUNO: 22 Stocks Moving In Tuesday's Pre-Market Session 2 AFMD, CGG: 22 Stocks Moving In Wednesday's Pre-Market Session 3 WINS: Wins Finance Up 100%: Is This A Normal Move? 4 AAPL, AMD: AMD's Ryzen Chips Facing Some Problems 5 UNFI, GIII: 10 Stocks To Watch For June 6, 2017 6 VALE, RRC: Jim Cramer Gives His Opinion... 7 AAPL, GOOG: Even If Apple'... 1 AMZN, AAPL: Netflix Vs. Amazon Prime: The Battle For Apple TV Screen Time 2 EFA: Macro Risk Advisors' iShares MSCI EAFE Index Fund ETF Trade 3 NKE, UA: The Comeback Story Of This Year's NBA Finals? Steph Cur... 4 MNST, PRMW: Analyst: Dr. Pepper And Cott Ready To Bubble Highe... 5 W, BABA: Wayfair Falls As IKEA Announces E-Commerce... 6 SPY: 5 Big Takeaways From Comey's Prepar... 7 AMD, AAPL: AMD's Ryzen Chips Facing S... View upcoming Earnings, Ratings, Dividend and Economic Calendars. Benzinga is a fast-growing, dynamic and innovative financial media outlet that empowers investors with high-quality, unique content. Popular Channels Analyst Ratings Be Your Own Boss ETFs Economics Forex Hot News Options Press Releases Start-ups Tech Tools & Features Affiliate Program PreMarket Prep Feeds News Widget Real Time Feed Sitemap Submit News Tips About Benzinga About Us Licensing and APIs Apps (iOS and Android) Fintech Awards Blog Syndication In the News Careers Service Status Contact Us Disclaimer Privacy Policy Terms and Conditions Benzinga Partners 1 (877) 440-9464 (ZING) © Copyright Benzinga Benzinga - Feed Your Mind News Markets Ratings Ideas Tech Small-Cap Personal Finance Premium Products Exclusive: RedHill Biopharma CEO Talks Steering His Company Through A Year Heavy With Potential Catalysts What Is Backwardation, And Why Could It Mean $60 Oil?
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance MEDNAX Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for MEDNAX Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Marcus & Millichap Inc (MMI) Downgraded to “Hold” at ValuEngine MEDNAX Inc (MD) Downgraded by ValuEngine to “Hold” Murphy Oil Co. (MUR) Lowered to Sell at ValuEngine Magna International Inc. (MGA) Downgraded to “Buy” at ValuEngine MGIC Investment Corp. (MTG) Upgraded by ValuEngine to “Strong-Buy” Rafferty Asset Management LLC Raises Stake in Nasdaq Inc (NDAQ) LMR Partners LLP Takes Position in Las Vegas Sands Corp. (LVS) West Corp (WSTC) Insider Sells $26,854.00 in Stock Tesla Inc (TSLA) Shares Sold by Rafferty Asset Management LLC Suncor Energy Inc. (SU) Position Lowered by Credit Agricole S A Chicago Partners Investment Group LLC Purchases 10,114 Shares of Arthur J Gallagher & Co (AJG) Municipal Employees Retirement System of Michigan Acquires 600 Shares of Live Nation Entertainment, Inc. (LYV) Municipal Employees Retirement System of Michigan Purchases 270 Shares of Fair Isaac Co. (FICO) Clean Energy Fuels Corp (CLNE) SVP Buys $22,600.00 in Stock Municipal Employees Retirement System of Michigan Holds Position in Hain Celestial Group Inc (HAIN) Gran Tierra Energy Inc (GTE) Insider Buys C$30,315.00 in Stock BB&T Securities LLC Has $694,000 Position in Crh Plc (CRH) Rafferty Asset Management LLC Takes Position in DST Systems, Inc. (DST) Insider Buying: Blackline Safety Corp (BLN) Director Buys C$22,570.00 in Stock Blackrock New Jersey Municipal Bond Trst (BLJ) Getting Favorable Media Coverage, AlphaOne Reports MEDNAX Inc (MD) Downgraded by ValuEngine to “Hold” June 5th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Trevor Kearing Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Finance Tweet ValuEngine downgraded shares of MEDNAX Inc (NYSE:MD) from a buy rating to a hold rating in a research report sent to investors on Friday. A number of other research firms have also recently commented on MD. Zacks Investment Research upgraded MEDNAX from a sell rating to a hold rating in a research note on Wednesday, March 15th. Robert W. Baird cut MEDNAX from an outperform rating to a neutral rating and set a $72.00 price target on the stock. in a research note on Tuesday, March 21st. JPMorgan Chase & Co. restated a neutral rating and set a $69.00 price target on shares of MEDNAX in a research note on Friday, March 10th. Finally, Jefferies Group LLC restated a hold rating on shares of MEDNAX in a research note on Monday, April 10th. One research analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating and ten have issued a hold rating to the company’s stock. The stock has a consensus rating of Hold and a consensus price target of $66.25. Shares of MEDNAX (NYSE:MD) traded down 0.838% during midday trading on Friday, reaching $54.995. The company’s stock had a trading volume of 376,466 shares. MEDNAX has a one year low of $53.80 and a one year high of $76.96. The company has a market capitalization of $5.08 billion, a P/E ratio of 16.416 and a beta of 0.67. The stock’s 50-day moving average is $57.88 and its 200-day moving average is $65.66. MEDNAX (NYSE:MD) last released its quarterly earnings results on Thursday, May 4th. The company reported $0.75 EPS for the quarter, topping analysts’ consensus estimates of $0.74 by $0.01. MEDNAX had a return on equity of 13.59% and a net margin of 10.21%. The company had revenue of $835.60 million for the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $837.01 million. During the same period in the prior year, the firm earned $0.87 earnings per share. The firm’s revenue was up 11.0% compared to the same quarter last year. On average, equities analysts expect that MEDNAX will post $3.60 earnings per share for the current fiscal year. TRADEMARK VIOLATION NOTICE: “MEDNAX Inc (MD) Downgraded by ValuEngine to “Hold”” was originally published by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are accessing this story on another website, it was illegally copied and republished in violation of United States and international copyright laws. The correct version of this story can be viewed at https://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/06/05/mednax-inc-md-downgraded-by-valuengine-to-hold.html. In other news, CFO Vivian Lopez-Blanco sold 7,778 shares of the stock in a transaction on Friday, May 5th. The stock was sold at an average price of $55.82, for a total value of $434,167.96. Following the sale, the chief financial officer now directly owns 51,319 shares in the company, valued at $2,864,626.58. The sale was disclosed in a legal filing with the SEC, which can be accessed through this hyperlink. Also, insider Joseph M. Calabro sold 23,327 shares of the stock in a transaction on Thursday, June 1st. The shares were sold at an average price of $55.00, for a total value of $1,282,985.00. Following the completion of the sale, the insider now owns 296,379 shares in the company, valued at $16,300,845. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. 2.40% of the stock is currently owned by company insiders. Several hedge funds have recently made changes to their positions in MD. BlackRock Inc. boosted its stake in shares of MEDNAX by 5,766.0% in the first quarter. BlackRock Inc. now owns 8,229,340 shares of the company’s stock valued at $570,952,000 after buying an additional 8,089,052 shares during the last quarter. Price T Rowe Associates Inc. MD boosted its stake in shares of MEDNAX by 6.8% in the third quarter. Price T Rowe Associates Inc. MD now owns 8,034,055 shares of the company’s stock valued at $532,256,000 after buying an additional 508,260 shares during the last quarter. Vanguard Group Inc. boosted its stake in shares of MEDNAX by 4.7% in the first quarter. Vanguard Group Inc. now owns 7,512,485 shares of the company’s stock valued at $521,216,000 after buying an additional 339,932 shares during the last quarter. FMR LLC boosted its stake in shares of MEDNAX by 1.3% in the first quarter. FMR LLC now owns 5,313,581 shares of the company’s stock valued at $368,656,000 after buying an additional 68,581 shares during the last quarter. Finally, Longview Partners Guernsey LTD boosted its stake in shares of MEDNAX by 27.4% in the first quarter. Longview Partners Guernsey LTD now owns 4,555,631 shares of the company’s stock valued at $316,070,000 after buying an additional 980,081 shares during the last quarter. Institutional investors and hedge funds own 99.16% of the company’s stock. About MEDNAX MEDNAX, Inc is a provider of physician services, including newborn, anesthesia, maternal-fetal, teleradiology, pediatric cardiology and other pediatric subspecialty care. As of December 31, 2016, the Company’s national network consisted of over 3,600 affiliated physicians, including over 1,130 physicians providing neonatal clinical care, in 35 states and Puerto Rico, primarily within hospital-based neonatal intensive care units (NICUs), to babies born prematurely or with medical complications. To view ValuEngine’s full report, visit ValuEngine’s official website. Receive News & Ratings for MEDNAX Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for MEDNAX Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Trump’s Tweets Complicate Already Complicated Week World Leaders Very Critical of Paris Agreement Decision by Trump Aide to President Trump Resigns With More Expected Scud-Class Missile Launched by North Korea Travel Ban Dealt Another Blow by Appeals Court © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Seaspan Co. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Seaspan Co. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News $0.52 EPS Expected for Texas Roadhouse Inc (TXRH) This Quarter Brokerages Anticipate BioCryst Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (BCRX) Will Announce Earnings of -$0.19 Per Share ANI Pharmaceuticals Inc (ANIP) Downgraded to “Hold” at ValuEngine Brightcove Inc (BCOV) Downgraded by ValuEngine to “Sell” Array Biopharma Inc (ARRY) Upgraded by ValuEngine to Hold AVEO Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (AVEO) Downgraded to Strong Sell at ValuEngine Absolute Software (ALSWF) Upgraded by ValuEngine to Hold Westpac Banking Corp Has $818,000 Position in Helmerich & Payne, Inc. (HP) Asset Management One Co. Ltd. Has $44.54 Million Stake in Incyte Co. (INCY) Westpac Banking Corp Decreases Position in Agilent Technologies Inc (A) Asset Management One Co. Ltd. Sells 10,723 Shares of IDEXX Laboratories, Inc. (IDXX) Westpac Banking Corp Sells 465,758 Shares of FirstEnergy Corp. (FE) Asset Management One Co. Ltd. Acquires 5,137 Shares of C.H. Robinson Worldwide, Inc. (CHRW) 853,255 Shares in NetApp Inc. (NTAP) Acquired by Argent Capital Management LLC Alliance Data Systems Co. (ADS) Stake Lowered by Asset Management One Co. Ltd. Asset Management One Co. Ltd. Reduces Stake in Global Payments Inc (GPN) Marathon Oil Co. (MRO) Shares Sold by Asset Management One Co. Ltd. Westpac Banking Corp Cuts Position in Noble Energy, Inc. (NBL) Steinberg Global Asset Management Takes Position in Citrix Systems, Inc. (CTXS) Papp L Roy & Associates Sells 2,400 Shares of Coach Inc (COH) Seaspan Co. (SSW) Lowered to Hold at ValuEngine June 5th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Stacy Sanders Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Finance Tweet ValuEngine cut shares of Seaspan Co. (NYSE:SSW) from a buy rating to a hold rating in a report issued on Friday. A number of other equities research analysts have also issued reports on the company. Barclays PLC reissued an underweight rating and issued a $6.00 target price (down previously from $11.00) on shares of Seaspan in a research report on Thursday, March 16th. Credit Suisse Group AG lowered Seaspan from a neutral rating to an underperform rating and dropped their target price for the company from $7.00 to $6.00 in a research report on Monday, May 1st. Citigroup Inc upgraded Seaspan from a sell rating to a neutral rating and set a $7.00 price target for the company in a research note on Tuesday, May 2nd. JPMorgan Chase & Co. upgraded Seaspan from an underweight rating to a neutral rating and decreased their price target for the company from $10.00 to $8.00 in a research note on Thursday, March 2nd. Finally, Zacks Investment Research upgraded Seaspan from a strong sell rating to a hold rating in a research note on Saturday, February 18th. Four equities research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating and seven have issued a hold rating to the company. The stock presently has an average rating of Hold and a consensus target price of $8.36. Shares of Seaspan (NYSE:SSW) traded down 0.7523% during midday trading on Friday, hitting $5.2899. The company had a trading volume of 1,107,868 shares. The firm’s 50-day moving average is $6.23 and its 200-day moving average is $7.90. Seaspan has a 12-month low of $5.02 and a 12-month high of $15.49. The firm’s market capitalization is $579.15 million. Seaspan (NYSE:SSW) last announced its earnings results on Wednesday, April 26th. The shipping company reported $0.15 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, beating the Zacks’ consensus estimate of $0.13 by $0.02. Seaspan had a positive return on equity of 10.38% and a negative net margin of 7.28%. The business had revenue of $201.30 million for the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $204.09 million. During the same quarter last year, the firm earned $0.33 EPS. Seaspan’s revenue for the quarter was down 6.6% compared to the same quarter last year. On average, analysts predict that Seaspan will post $0.71 earnings per share for the current fiscal year. TRADEMARK VIOLATION WARNING: “Seaspan Co. (SSW) Lowered to Hold at ValuEngine” was published by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are reading this piece of content on another domain, it was illegally copied and republished in violation of international copyright & trademark law. The legal version of this piece of content can be read at https://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/06/05/seaspan-co-ssw-lowered-to-hold-at-valuengine.html. A number of hedge funds and other institutional investors have recently bought and sold shares of SSW. Norges Bank bought a new position in Seaspan during the fourth quarter worth $394,000. L & S Advisors Inc bought a new position in Seaspan during the fourth quarter worth $197,000. Horizon Kinetics LLC increased its position in Seaspan by 57.7% in the fourth quarter. Horizon Kinetics LLC now owns 47,207 shares of the shipping company’s stock worth $431,000 after buying an additional 17,278 shares in the last quarter. Ladenburg Thalmann Financial Services Inc. increased its position in Seaspan by 215.3% in the fourth quarter. Ladenburg Thalmann Financial Services Inc. now owns 17,561 shares of the shipping company’s stock worth $161,000 after buying an additional 11,991 shares in the last quarter. Finally, Guggenheim Capital LLC increased its position in Seaspan by 40.0% in the fourth quarter. Guggenheim Capital LLC now owns 310,904 shares of the shipping company’s stock worth $2,842,000 after buying an additional 88,795 shares in the last quarter. Hedge funds and other institutional investors own 11.71% of the company’s stock. Seaspan Company Profile Seaspan Corporation is an independent charter owner and manager of containerships. The Company charters pursuant to long-term, fixed-rate time charters with various container liner companies. As of February 20, 2017, it had operated a fleet of 88 containerships and had entered into contracts for the purchase of an additional eight new building containerships. To view ValuEngine’s full report, visit ValuEngine’s official website. Receive News & Ratings for Seaspan Co. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Seaspan Co. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Trump’s Tweets Complicate Already Complicated Week World Leaders Very Critical of Paris Agreement Decision by Trump Aide to President Trump Resigns With More Expected Scud-Class Missile Launched by North Korea Travel Ban Dealt Another Blow by Appeals Court © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Ascendis Pharma A/S - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Ascendis Pharma A/S with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News $0.52 EPS Expected for Texas Roadhouse Inc (TXRH) This Quarter Brokerages Anticipate BioCryst Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (BCRX) Will Announce Earnings of -$0.19 Per Share ANI Pharmaceuticals Inc (ANIP) Downgraded to “Hold” at ValuEngine Brightcove Inc (BCOV) Downgraded by ValuEngine to “Sell” Array Biopharma Inc (ARRY) Upgraded by ValuEngine to Hold AVEO Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (AVEO) Downgraded to Strong Sell at ValuEngine Absolute Software (ALSWF) Upgraded by ValuEngine to Hold Westpac Banking Corp Has $818,000 Position in Helmerich & Payne, Inc. (HP) Asset Management One Co. Ltd. Has $44.54 Million Stake in Incyte Co. (INCY) Westpac Banking Corp Decreases Position in Agilent Technologies Inc (A) Asset Management One Co. Ltd. Sells 10,723 Shares of IDEXX Laboratories, Inc. (IDXX) Westpac Banking Corp Sells 465,758 Shares of FirstEnergy Corp. (FE) Asset Management One Co. Ltd. Acquires 5,137 Shares of C.H. Robinson Worldwide, Inc. (CHRW) 853,255 Shares in NetApp Inc. (NTAP) Acquired by Argent Capital Management LLC Alliance Data Systems Co. (ADS) Stake Lowered by Asset Management One Co. Ltd. Asset Management One Co. Ltd. Reduces Stake in Global Payments Inc (GPN) Marathon Oil Co. (MRO) Shares Sold by Asset Management One Co. Ltd. Westpac Banking Corp Cuts Position in Noble Energy, Inc. (NBL) Steinberg Global Asset Management Takes Position in Citrix Systems, Inc. (CTXS) Papp L Roy & Associates Sells 2,400 Shares of Coach Inc (COH) Ascendis Pharma A/S (ASND) Given Consensus Rating of “Hold” by Brokerages June 5th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Stacy Sanders Filed Under: Consensus Rating Articles - Finance Tweet Shares of Ascendis Pharma A/S (NASDAQ:ASND) have received an average recommendation of “Hold” from the seven ratings firms that are presently covering the stock, MarketBeat.com reports. Four analysts have rated the stock with a hold recommendation and three have given a buy recommendation to the company. The average 12 month target price among brokerages that have updated their coverage on the stock in the last year is $31.00. Several research firms recently weighed in on ASND. ValuEngine raised Ascendis Pharma A/S from a “sell” rating to a “hold” rating in a report on Saturday, May 27th. Leerink Swann decreased their price target on Ascendis Pharma A/S from $30.00 to $26.00 and set a “market perform” rating on the stock in a research note on Thursday, May 25th. Zacks Investment Research upgraded Ascendis Pharma A/S from a “sell” rating to a “hold” rating in a research note on Wednesday, May 24th. Wedbush reiterated an “outperform” rating and issued a $34.00 price target (down previously from $36.00) on shares of Ascendis Pharma A/S in a research note on Wednesday, May 24th. Finally, JPMorgan Chase & Co. initiated coverage on Ascendis Pharma A/S in a research note on Thursday, May 11th. They issued an “overweight” rating and a $36.00 price target on the stock. TRADEMARK VIOLATION WARNING: “Ascendis Pharma A/S (ASND) Given Consensus Rating of “Hold” by Brokerages” was first posted by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are reading this piece on another domain, it was stolen and reposted in violation of U.S. and international trademark and copyright law. The original version of this piece can be read at https://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/06/05/ascendis-pharma-as-asnd-given-consensus-rating-of-hold-by-brokerages.html. Shares of Ascendis Pharma A/S (NASDAQ:ASND) traded up 5.22% on Monday, hitting $25.00. The company had a trading volume of 132,486 shares. Ascendis Pharma A/S has a 12-month low of $11.92 and a 12-month high of $31.86. The company’s market capitalization is $812.55 million. The firm has a 50-day moving average price of $27.24 and a 200 day moving average price of $24.77. Ascendis Pharma A/S (NASDAQ:ASND) last released its quarterly earnings results on Tuesday, May 23rd. The biotechnology company reported ($0.83) earnings per share for the quarter, missing the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of ($0.64) by $0.19. The firm had revenue of $0.40 million for the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $1.10 million. Ascendis Pharma A/S had a negative return on equity of 65.92% and a negative net margin of 1,158.57%. Equities analysts expect that Ascendis Pharma A/S will post ($3.42) EPS for the current year. A number of large investors have recently modified their holdings of the company. Victory Capital Management Inc. purchased a new stake in shares of Ascendis Pharma A/S during the first quarter worth $144,000. Bank of America Corp DE raised its stake in shares of Ascendis Pharma A/S by 23.6% in the first quarter. Bank of America Corp DE now owns 5,345 shares of the biotechnology company’s stock worth $150,000 after buying an additional 1,020 shares in the last quarter. Karp Capital Management Corp purchased a new stake in shares of Ascendis Pharma A/S during the first quarter worth $203,000. Morgan Stanley raised its stake in shares of Ascendis Pharma A/S by 1,446.2% in the first quarter. Morgan Stanley now owns 10,236 shares of the biotechnology company’s stock worth $287,000 after buying an additional 9,574 shares in the last quarter. Finally, Highbridge Capital Management LLC purchased a new stake in shares of Ascendis Pharma A/S during the fourth quarter worth $405,000. Institutional investors and hedge funds own 44.51% of the company’s stock. Ascendis Pharma A/S Company Profile Ascendis Pharma A/S is a clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company. The Company is engaged in applying its TransCon technology to develop sustained release prodrug therapies with several product candidates in clinical and preclinical development. The Company is developing its product candidate, TransCon human growth hormone (TransCon hGH) for once-weekly administration to treat growth hormone deficiency (GHD) and other indications. Receive News & Ratings for Ascendis Pharma A/S Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Ascendis Pharma A/S and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Trump’s Tweets Complicate Already Complicated Week World Leaders Very Critical of Paris Agreement Decision by Trump Aide to President Trump Resigns With More Expected Scud-Class Missile Launched by North Korea Travel Ban Dealt Another Blow by Appeals Court © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance W W Grainger Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for W W Grainger Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Spark Investment Management LLC Invests $1.88 Million in North American Energy Partners Inc.(USA) (NOA) Renewable Energy Group Inc (REGI) Director Buys $55,700.00 in Stock Alliancebernstein L.P. Decreases Stake in Essex Property Trust Inc (ESS) Trueblue Inc (TBI) Position Raised by Alliancebernstein L.P. Cadence Capital Management LLC Has $762,000 Stake in Leggett & Platt, Inc. (LEG) Cadence Capital Management LLC Increases Stake in Comerica Incorporated (CMA) Coach Inc (COH) Stake Maintained by Ariel Investments LLC Cadence Capital Management LLC Lowers Stake in Six Flags Entertainment Corp (SIX) Ariel Investments LLC Increases Stake in Nordstrom, Inc. (JWN) Cadence Capital Management LLC Invests $668,000 in Concho Resources Inc (CXO) Cadence Capital Management LLC Takes Position in Humana Inc (HUM) Ariel Investments LLC Has $38.29 Million Stake in Blackstone Group LP (BX) DISH Network Corp (DISH) Stake Boosted by Cadence Capital Management LLC Concho Resources Inc (CXO) Stake Reduced by Alliancebernstein L.P. Alliancebernstein L.P. Sells 165,254 Shares of Southwest Gas Holdings Inc (SWX) Approach Resources (AREX) Given Media Impact Rating of -0.03 Achillion Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (ACHN) Expected to Announce Earnings of -$0.16 Per Share Comparing Xilinx (XLNX) and Sequans Communications SA (SQNS) Digital Turbine (APPS) Earns Daily News Impact Rating of -0.05 Archrock Partners (APLP) Earning Somewhat Critical Media Coverage, Study Finds W W Grainger’s (GWW) “Hold” Rating Reaffirmed at Stifel Nicolaus June 5th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Trevor Kearing Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Finance Tweet Stifel Nicolaus reiterated their hold rating on shares of W W Grainger Inc (NYSE:GWW) in a report issued on Friday morning. Stifel Nicolaus currently has a $180.00 price objective on the industrial products company’s stock, down from their previous price objective of $204.00. Several other equities research analysts have also recently commented on GWW. JPMorgan Chase & Co. initiated coverage on shares of W W Grainger in a research report on Friday. They issued a neutral rating and a $180.00 price target on the stock. BMO Capital Markets reiterated a hold rating and issued a $198.00 price target on shares of W W Grainger in a research report on Thursday, May 25th. Macquarie cut shares of W W Grainger from an outperform rating to a neutral rating and dropped their price target for the stock from $286.00 to $200.00 in a research report on Friday, May 26th. TheStreet upgraded shares of W W Grainger from a c+ rating to a b- rating in a research report on Monday, February 27th. Finally, Deutsche Bank AG cut shares of W W Grainger from a hold rating to a sell rating and dropped their price target for the stock from $246.00 to $145.00 in a research report on Thursday, May 18th. Five investment analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating and eight have issued a hold rating to the company. The stock has an average rating of Hold and an average price target of $189.60. Shares of W W Grainger (NYSE GWW) traded up 1.13% during trading on Friday, hitting $174.68. 554,354 shares of the stock were exchanged. W W Grainger has a 12-month low of $169.75 and a 12-month high of $262.71. The stock has a market cap of $10.20 billion, a P/E ratio of 17.83 and a beta of 0.82. The stock has a 50-day moving average of $185.71 and a 200 day moving average of $226.76. W W Grainger (NYSE:GWW) last issued its quarterly earnings data on Tuesday, April 18th. The industrial products company reported $2.88 earnings per share for the quarter, missing analysts’ consensus estimates of $2.99 by $0.11. W W Grainger had a net margin of 5.98% and a return on equity of 32.79%. The company had revenue of $2.54 billion for the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $2.57 billion. During the same quarter in the prior year, the firm earned $3.18 earnings per share. W W Grainger’s revenue for the quarter was up 1.4% compared to the same quarter last year. Equities analysts predict that W W Grainger will post $10.38 earnings per share for the current fiscal year. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY WARNING: This report was reported by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are viewing this report on another site, it was stolen and republished in violation of US & international copyright and trademark legislation. The correct version of this report can be accessed at https://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/06/05/w-w-graingers-gww-hold-rating-reaffirmed-at-stifel-nicolaus.html. The business also recently declared a quarterly dividend, which was paid on Thursday, June 1st. Investors of record on Monday, May 8th were paid a $1.28 dividend. The ex-dividend date was Thursday, May 4th. This represents a $5.12 dividend on an annualized basis and a yield of 2.96%. This is a boost from W W Grainger’s previous quarterly dividend of $1.22. W W Grainger’s dividend payout ratio (DPR) is currently 49.64%. A number of institutional investors have recently added to or reduced their stakes in the stock. Princeton Alpha Management LP acquired a new position in W W Grainger during the first quarter valued at $393,000. Massmutual Trust Co. FSB ADV boosted its position in W W Grainger by 6.4% in the first quarter. Massmutual Trust Co. FSB ADV now owns 10,020 shares of the industrial products company’s stock valued at $2,332,000 after buying an additional 599 shares during the period. Meiji Yasuda Asset Management Co Ltd. boosted its position in W W Grainger by 0.9% in the fourth quarter. Meiji Yasuda Asset Management Co Ltd. now owns 10,285 shares of the industrial products company’s stock valued at $2,389,000 after buying an additional 95 shares during the period. Allianz Asset Management AG boosted its position in W W Grainger by 177.7% in the fourth quarter. Allianz Asset Management AG now owns 390,177 shares of the industrial products company’s stock valued at $90,618,000 after buying an additional 249,674 shares during the period. Finally, Alyeska Investment Group L.P. acquired a new position in W W Grainger during the fourth quarter valued at $44,851,000. 80.18% of the stock is currently owned by institutional investors. About W W Grainger W.W. Grainger, Inc (Grainger) is a distributor of maintenance, repair and operating (MRO) supplies and other related products and services. The Company offers its products and services to businesses and institutions in the United States and Canada, with presence also in Europe, Asia and Latin America. Receive News & Ratings for W W Grainger Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for W W Grainger Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Trump’s Tweets Complicate Already Complicated Week World Leaders Very Critical of Paris Agreement Decision by Trump Aide to President Trump Resigns With More Expected Scud-Class Missile Launched by North Korea Travel Ban Dealt Another Blow by Appeals Court © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Santander Mexico Fincl Gp SAB deCV - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Santander Mexico Fincl Gp SAB deCV with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Haverty Furniture Companies, Inc. (HVT) Given Average Recommendation of “Hold” by Analysts iShares NASDAQ Biotechnology Index (IBB) Position Held by Glassman Wealth Services First Interstate Bank Sells 85 Shares of Unilever NV (UN) First Interstate Bank Has $581,000 Position in Varian Medical Systems, Inc. (VAR) Tributary Capital Management LLC Sells 7,400 Shares of Citrix Systems, Inc. (CTXS) Brokerages Set Dorel Industries Inc (DIIBF) Target Price at $35.30 Roundview Capital LLC Purchases Shares of 27,735 Unilever NV (UN) Holland Capital Management LLC Sells 107,874 Shares of Whole Foods Market, Inc. (WFM) Marcus Corp (MCS) Receives $38.93 Average Price Target from Brokerages Preferred Apartment Communities (APTS) – Research Analysts’ Recent Ratings Updates Altisource Residential Corp (RESI) Upgraded by ValuEngine to “Hold” The Rubicon Project Inc (RUBI) Downgraded by ValuEngine to Sell Sumitomo Mitsui Financial Grp, Inc. (SMFG) Downgraded by ValuEngine to Buy Suburban Propane Partners LP (SPH) Downgraded to “Sell” at ValuEngine Spark Investment Management LLC Invests $1.88 Million in North American Energy Partners Inc.(USA) (NOA) Renewable Energy Group Inc (REGI) Director Buys $55,700.00 in Stock Alliancebernstein L.P. Decreases Stake in Essex Property Trust Inc (ESS) Trueblue Inc (TBI) Position Raised by Alliancebernstein L.P. Cadence Capital Management LLC Has $762,000 Stake in Leggett & Platt, Inc. (LEG) Cadence Capital Management LLC Increases Stake in Comerica Incorporated (CMA) Santander Mexico Fincl Gp SAB deCV (BSMX) Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research to Buy June 5th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Tyrone Williams Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Finance Tweet Zacks Investment Research upgraded shares of Santander Mexico Fincl Gp SAB deCV (NYSE:BSMX) from a hold rating to a buy rating in a report published on Friday morning. They currently have $10.00 target price on the bank’s stock. According to Zacks, “Grupo Financiero Santander Mexico SAB de CV is engaged in providing various banking services primarily in Mexico. It provides multiple banking services, securities brokerage, financial advice services, as well as other related investment activities. The company also offers pension and investment funds; cards and other structured products; and treasury management, merchant, trust, life insurance, online collection, tax payment, payroll, and cash management services. Grupo Financiero Santander Mexico SAB de CV is based in Mexico City, Mexico. “ Separately, JPMorgan Chase & Co. raised shares of Santander Mexico Fincl Gp SAB deCV from a neutral rating to an overweight rating and lowered their price target for the stock from $9.50 to $7.50 in a research report on Thursday, May 4th. One research analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, two have issued a hold rating and two have given a buy rating to the company’s stock. Santander Mexico Fincl Gp SAB deCV presently has a consensus rating of Hold and an average price target of $8.65. Santander Mexico Fincl Gp SAB deCV (NYSE BSMX) traded up 1.817% during trading on Friday, reaching $9.245. 495,985 shares of the company’s stock were exchanged. Santander Mexico Fincl Gp SAB deCV has a 52-week low of $6.73 and a 52-week high of $10.13. The stock’s 50 day moving average price is $9.18 and its 200 day moving average price is $8.01. The firm has a market cap of $12.53 billion, a P/E ratio of 13.496 and a beta of 1.43. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY NOTICE: This report was posted by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are reading this report on another publication, it was copied illegally and republished in violation of US and international trademark and copyright law. The original version of this report can be viewed at https://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/06/05/santander-mexico-fincl-gp-sab-decv-bsmx-upgraded-by-zacks-investment-research-to-buy.html. The company also recently announced a dividend, which will be paid on Tuesday, June 6th. Shareholders of record on Monday, May 29th will be issued a $0.165 dividend. This is a positive change from Santander Mexico Fincl Gp SAB deCV’s previous dividend of $0.13. The ex-dividend date is Wednesday, May 24th. Santander Mexico Fincl Gp SAB deCV’s dividend payout ratio (DPR) is currently 83.61%. A number of institutional investors have recently added to or reduced their stakes in the stock. Rit Capital Partners PLC purchased a new position in Santander Mexico Fincl Gp SAB deCV during the third quarter valued at approximately $1,320,000. GLG Partners LP raised its position in Santander Mexico Fincl Gp SAB deCV by 51.8% in the fourth quarter. GLG Partners LP now owns 402,708 shares of the bank’s stock valued at $2,895,000 after buying an additional 137,398 shares in the last quarter. Commonwealth Bank of Australia raised its position in Santander Mexico Fincl Gp SAB deCV by 9.7% in the third quarter. Commonwealth Bank of Australia now owns 24,873,225 shares of the bank’s stock valued at $218,885,000 after buying an additional 2,206,017 shares in the last quarter. Russell Investments Group Ltd. purchased a new position in Santander Mexico Fincl Gp SAB deCV during the fourth quarter valued at approximately $5,018,000. Finally, Pacad Investment Ltd. raised its position in Santander Mexico Fincl Gp SAB deCV by 119.3% in the fourth quarter. Pacad Investment Ltd. now owns 45,400 shares of the bank’s stock valued at $326,000 after buying an additional 24,700 shares in the last quarter. 31.26% of the stock is currently owned by hedge funds and other institutional investors. About Santander Mexico Fincl Gp SAB deCV Grupo Financiero Santander Mexico SAB de CV, formerly Santander Mexico Financial Group SAB de CV or Grupo Financiero Santander SAB de CV, is a Mexico-based financial institution. The Company is primarily engaged in the provision of multiple banking services, securities brokerage, financial advice services, as well as other related investment activities. Get a free copy of the Zacks research report on Santander Mexico Fincl Gp SAB deCV (BSMX) For more information about research offerings from Zacks Investment Research, visit Zacks.com Receive News & Ratings for Santander Mexico Fincl Gp SAB deCV Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Santander Mexico Fincl Gp SAB deCV and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Trump’s Tweets Complicate Already Complicated Week World Leaders Very Critical of Paris Agreement Decision by Trump Aide to President Trump Resigns With More Expected Scud-Class Missile Launched by North Korea Travel Ban Dealt Another Blow by Appeals Court © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
  It looks like there's an issue with JavaScript in your browser. For a better experience, we recommend that you enable JavaScript. Go to https://www.whatismybrowser.com/guides/how-to-enable-javascript/ to learn more. WNYC News Published by WNYC News From Tax Codes to Traffic, a Megamall’s Risks Download this audio Want to embed this player? Use the code below. More info. <iframe frameborder="0" scrolling="no" height="130" width="100%" src="https://www.wnyc.org/widgets/ondemand_player/wnyc/#file=/audio/json/760603/&share=1"></iframe> Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Email a Friend Model of proposed East Rutherford, New Jersey mall, the American Dream (Ilya Marritz / WNYC) i Jun 5, 2017 · by Ilya Marritz The company behind American Dream, Triple Five of Canada, is detailing its vision for a mall-entertainment destination in the Meadowlands in New Jersey — and the hazards that could derail the project. Since the concept of a shopping destination on state-owned marshland was first green-lit in 2003, the mall has encountered many problems. Two earlier developers gave up on the project, formerly known as "Xanadu." Now, Triple Five is looking to raise $2.8 billion to finance the final phases of construction. More than half of the funding will be arranged privately through  J.P. Morgan Chase. The remaining $1.1 billion is expected to  come from the sale of tax-free, unrated, government bonds. For that bond sale, two preliminary offering memoranda are now in circulation: one is for an $800 million bond package backed by payments in lieu of taxes (PILOT); the other is for a $300 million bond package backed by sales tax receipts generated after American Dream opens. The bonds are being sold by the Public Finance Authority of Wisconsin, which is serving as a middleman between the New Jersey Sports and Exposition Authority and investors. The documents — over 1,800 pages of them — disclose a wide array of risks that potential investors will have to consider. Transit is one. Roads and trains are both already heavily congested and could get worse: According to the PILOT bond memo, “The difficulty, expense, unfamiliarity and time-consuming nature of these transportation options, especially for persons carrying numerous purchases, may present a special risk." An even greater challenge may be the seeming end of America’s love affair with malls. A study by Credit Suisse recently suggested 20 to 25 percent of U.S. malls could close by 2022. “To the extent that these trends continue and have a material adverse effect on the American Dream Project, tenants and customers of the American Dream Project may find the American Dream Project less attractive, which may have a material adverse effect on the generation of sales taxes and on the operating income of the American Dream Project,” the offering memo states. If the mall fails to meet revenue projections, bond investors will have little recourse: their claims can be made only after the J.P. Morgan lenders have been compensated. Sixty-nine percent of American Dream's 2.9 million square feet of space has been leased to tenants like Saks, Lord & Taylor, and Primark. There will also be a Nickelodeon amusement park and a DreamWorks water park. Still, says Lisa Washburn, a credit research analyst for Municipal Market Analytics, the project should give any investor pause. “I still remain skeptical about the ability for success for the project generally and specifically very concerned about the risks to bondholders,” she said. Triple Five expects American Dream to open in early 2019. Also Seen In... Part of Mall Madness. Malls are in trouble. But New Jersey is helping a private developer finish the stalled American Dream mall, next to the NJ Turnpike. WNYC, NJ Spotlight and Bloomberg Businessweek examine what’s gone wrong -- and what could go right. More in this Series
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance YPF SA - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for YPF SA with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Somewhat Positive Media Coverage Somewhat Likely to Affect MRV Communications (MRVC) Stock Price Lincoln National (LNC) Earning Somewhat Favorable Media Coverage, AlphaOne Reports Health Net (HNT) Receives Coverage Optimism Rating of 0.31 Deutsche Strategic Income Trust (KST) Earning Favorable Media Coverage, Report Finds Scott F. Drees Buys 7,395 Shares of Nuvectra Corp (NVTR) Stock Elevate Credit Inc (ELVT) CFO Christopher Lutes Buys 10,000 Shares of Stock Patrick J. Haley Sells 5,000 Shares of Exelixis, Inc. (EXEL) Stock Analysts Anticipate Computer Programs & Systems, Inc. (CPSI) Will Post Earnings of $0.34 Per Share Seacoast Banking Co. of Florida (SBCF) Director Roger Goldman Sells 3,000 Shares Prestige Brands Holdings, Inc. (PBH) Expected to Announce Earnings of $0.63 Per Share Gigamon Inc (GIMO) Receives Buy Rating from Stifel Nicolaus $3.18 Billion in Sales Expected for Coca-Cola European Partners plc (CCE) This Quarter $396.72 Million in Sales Expected for Primerica, Inc. (PRI) This Quarter Zacks: Brokerages Expect Dorman Products Inc. (DORM) Will Announce Quarterly Sales of $225.91 Million Zacks: SJW Group (SJW) Given $50.00 Average Price Target by Analysts Hooker Furniture (HOFT) Earns Coverage Optimism Rating of 0.11 Somewhat Favorable News Coverage Somewhat Likely to Affect Allscripts Healthcare Solutions (MDRX) Stock Price Mattersight Corp (MATR) Given Media Impact Score of 0.17 Leucadia National Corp. (LUK) Earning Positive Press Coverage, Analysis Finds Somewhat Positive Press Coverage Somewhat Likely to Affect Snyder's-Lance (LNCE) Stock Price YPF SA (YPF) Upgraded by ValuEngine to Hold June 5th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Stacy Sanders Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Finance Tweet ValuEngine upgraded shares of YPF SA (NYSE:YPF) from a sell rating to a hold rating in a research note released on Friday morning. Other equities research analysts have also recently issued research reports about the company. Zacks Investment Research raised YPF SA from a hold rating to a buy rating and set a $24.00 price objective for the company in a research note on Wednesday, March 8th. Credit Suisse Group AG set a $27.00 price objective on YPF SA and gave the company a buy rating in a research note on Saturday, March 4th. Finally, JPMorgan Chase & Co. reissued an underweight rating on shares of YPF SA in a research note on Tuesday, May 2nd. One research analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, three have issued a hold rating and one has issued a buy rating to the stock. YPF SA has a consensus rating of Hold and an average price target of $23.38. YPF SA (NYSE YPF) traded down 1.7327% during trading on Friday, reaching $24.3703. The company’s stock had a trading volume of 163,951 shares. YPF SA has a 12 month low of $15.00 and a 12 month high of $26.48. The company’s 50-day moving average is $24.80 and its 200-day moving average is $21.34. The stock’s market cap is $9.52 billion. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY WARNING: This article was first published by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are viewing this article on another site, it was illegally copied and reposted in violation of U.S. & international copyright & trademark laws. The original version of this article can be viewed at https://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/06/05/ypf-sa-ypf-upgraded-by-valuengine-to-hold.html. Several hedge funds and other institutional investors have recently made changes to their positions in YPF. BlackRock Inc. boosted its position in shares of YPF SA by 3,641,898.0% in the first quarter. BlackRock Inc. now owns 3,641,998 shares of the oil and gas exploration company’s stock valued at $88,427,000 after buying an additional 3,641,898 shares during the last quarter. Wellington Management Group LLP boosted its position in shares of YPF SA by 1,005.3% in the first quarter. Wellington Management Group LLP now owns 3,459,646 shares of the oil and gas exploration company’s stock valued at $84,001,000 after buying an additional 3,146,645 shares during the last quarter. Lazard Asset Management LLC boosted its position in shares of YPF SA by 7.9% in the first quarter. Lazard Asset Management LLC now owns 31,212,604 shares of the oil and gas exploration company’s stock valued at $757,841,000 after buying an additional 2,296,051 shares during the last quarter. Boston Partners bought a new position in shares of YPF SA during the first quarter valued at about $39,263,000. Finally, Axiom International Investors LLC DE bought a new position in shares of YPF SA during the first quarter valued at about $37,743,000. 28.07% of the stock is currently owned by institutional investors. About YPF SA YPF Sociedad Anonima (YPF) is an energy company. The Company is operating a fully integrated oil and gas chain. The Company operates through the segments, including Exploration and Production, Downstream, and Corporate and Other. The Company’s Exploration and Production segment includes exploration and production activities, natural gas and crude oil purchases, sales of natural gas, and to a lesser extent crude oil, to third parties and intersegment sales of crude oil, natural gas and its byproducts. To view ValuEngine’s full report, visit ValuEngine’s official website. Receive News & Ratings for YPF SA Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for YPF SA and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Trump’s Tweets Complicate Already Complicated Week World Leaders Very Critical of Paris Agreement Decision by Trump Aide to President Trump Resigns With More Expected Scud-Class Missile Launched by North Korea Travel Ban Dealt Another Blow by Appeals Court © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Acacia Mining PLC - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Acacia Mining PLC with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Amber Road Inc (AMBR) VP Sells $30,528.60 in Stock Insider Selling: Delek US Holdings, Inc. (DK) Director Sells $43,316.00 in Stock Insider Selling: Acme United Co. (ACU) CEO Sells $38,321.43 in Stock Insider Buying: Ryerson Holding Corp (RYI) CEO Purchases $43,800.00 in Stock First Defiance Financial (FDEF) Earns Daily News Impact Rating of 0.33 Och-Ziff Capital Management Group LLC (OZM) Downgraded by ValuEngine to Hold OM Asset Management PLC (OMAM) Downgraded by ValuEngine to Hold Petrobras Argentina SA (PZE) Upgraded to Strong-Buy by ValuEngine Patriot National Inc (PN) Lowered to “Sell” at ValuEngine Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd (RCL) Upgraded by ValuEngine to Buy Earthstone Energy (ESTE) Earns Coverage Optimism Rating of 0.27 Spark Investment Management LLC Increases Position in Wi-Lan Inc (WILN) MKS Instruments, Inc. (MKSI) Receives $79.75 Consensus Price Target from Brokerages Yahoo! Inc. (YHOO) Shares Bought by Axa Spark Investment Management LLC Has $1.67 Million Position in ClubCorp Holdings Inc (MYCC) Haverty Furniture Companies, Inc. (HVT) Given Average Recommendation of “Hold” by Analysts iShares NASDAQ Biotechnology Index (IBB) Position Held by Glassman Wealth Services First Interstate Bank Sells 85 Shares of Unilever NV (UN) First Interstate Bank Has $581,000 Position in Varian Medical Systems, Inc. (VAR) Tributary Capital Management LLC Sells 7,400 Shares of Citrix Systems, Inc. (CTXS) Acacia Mining PLC’s (ACA) not rated Rating Reaffirmed at Shore Capital June 5th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Jeff Wilder Filed Under: Analyst Articles - UK - Finance Tweet Shore Capital restated their not rated rating on shares of Acacia Mining PLC (LON:ACA) in a research report released on Friday. ACA has been the subject of a number of other reports. JPMorgan Chase & Co. reiterated an overweight rating and set a GBX 610 ($7.84) price target on shares of Acacia Mining PLC in a report on Tuesday, February 28th. Numis Securities Ltd reiterated a buy rating and set a GBX 600 ($7.71) price target on shares of Acacia Mining PLC in a report on Friday, April 21st. Citigroup Inc reiterated a sell rating and set a GBX 380 ($4.88) price target on shares of Acacia Mining PLC in a report on Monday, April 3rd. Jefferies Group LLC lowered shares of Acacia Mining PLC to a hold rating and lowered their price target for the company from GBX 575 ($7.39) to GBX 475 ($6.10) in a report on Monday, March 6th. Finally, Credit Suisse Group AG upped their price target on shares of Acacia Mining PLC from GBX 540 ($6.94) to GBX 600 ($7.71) and gave the company an outperform rating in a report on Wednesday, February 15th. Three investment analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, four have given a hold rating and seven have issued a buy rating to the stock. The company presently has a consensus rating of Hold and a consensus target price of GBX 401.36 ($5.16). Acacia Mining PLC (LON:ACA) traded down 0.97% during midday trading on Friday, hitting GBX 286.60. 1,381,725 shares of the stock traded hands. Acacia Mining PLC has a 52 week low of GBX 250.00 and a 52 week high of GBX 615.00. The company’s market capitalization is GBX 1.18 billion. The stock’s 50-day moving average price is GBX 388.47 and its 200 day moving average price is GBX 423.43. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY NOTICE: “Acacia Mining PLC’s (ACA) not rated Rating Reaffirmed at Shore Capital” was originally reported by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are viewing this news story on another site, it was illegally copied and republished in violation of international copyright law. The legal version of this news story can be viewed at https://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/06/05/acacia-mining-plcs-aca-not-rated-rating-reaffirmed-at-shore-capital.html. About Acacia Mining PLC Acacia Mining plc is primarily engaged in the business of mining, processing and sale of gold. The Company has three operating mines located in Tanzania. The Company’s segments are North Mara gold mine, Bulyanhulu gold mine and Buzwagi gold mine. The North Mara gold deposits are situated in the Mara Musoma greenstone belt. Receive News & Ratings for Acacia Mining PLC Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Acacia Mining PLC and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Trump’s Tweets Complicate Already Complicated Week World Leaders Very Critical of Paris Agreement Decision by Trump Aide to President Trump Resigns With More Expected Scud-Class Missile Launched by North Korea Travel Ban Dealt Another Blow by Appeals Court © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Uniper SE - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Uniper SE with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Korn/Ferry International (KFY) Expected to Announce Earnings of $0.59 Per Share Analysts Anticipate J C Penney Company Inc (JCP) Will Post Earnings of -$0.07 Per Share Western Alliance Bancorporation (WAL) Expected to Announce Earnings of $0.72 Per Share David Godfrey Sells 1,425 Shares of Gartner Inc (IT) Stock ACK Asset Management LLC Has $12.59 Million Position in Continental Building Products Inc (CBPX) MFA Financial, Inc. (MFA) Position Cut by Weiss Asset Management LP BMC Stock Holdings Inc (BMCH) Shares Bought by ACK Asset Management LLC ACK Asset Management LLC Buys Shares of 435,000 Astronics Co. (ATRO) 177,690 Shares in Rush Enterprises, Inc. (RUSHA) Acquired by ACK Asset Management LLC Advanced Drainage Systems Inc (WMS) Stake Increased by ACK Asset Management LLC Builders FirstSource, Inc. (BLDR) Shares Sold by Stadium Capital Management LLC Banque Pictet & Cie SA Raises Position in IPG Photonics Co. (IPGP) ACK Asset Management LLC Takes Position in Herc Holdings Inc (HRI) S. Muoio & CO. LLC Continues to Hold Position in Cable One Inc (CABO) S. Muoio & CO. LLC Acquires New Stake in Allied World Assurance Company Holdings Ltd (AWH) Weiss Asset Management LP Sells 4,145 Shares of New Senior Investment Group Inc (SNR) ACK Asset Management LLC Continues to Hold Position in Verint Systems Inc. (VRNT) CYS Investments Inc (CYS) Position Reduced by Weiss Asset Management LP 231,200 Shares in Stillwater Mining Company (SWC) Acquired by S. Muoio & CO. LLC General Dynamics (GD) Receives Daily News Impact Rating of 0.19 Uniper SE (UN01) Given a €21.00 Price Target at Berenberg Bank June 5th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Tyrone Williams Filed Under: Analyst Articles - Europe - Finance Tweet Berenberg Bank set a €21.00 ($23.60) price target on Uniper SE (ETR:UN01) in a report released on Friday. The brokerage currently has a buy rating on the stock. A number of other equities analysts also recently issued reports on the company. BNP Paribas set a €15.60 ($17.53) target price on Uniper SE and gave the stock a sell rating in a research note on Saturday, May 20th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. set a €13.10 ($14.72) price objective on Uniper SE and gave the company a buy rating in a research note on Saturday, May 20th. Nord/LB set a €19.00 ($21.35) price objective on Uniper SE and gave the company a buy rating in a research note on Wednesday, May 31st. Societe Generale set a €18.50 ($20.79) price objective on Uniper SE and gave the company a buy rating in a research note on Thursday. Finally, HSBC Holdings plc set a €17.30 ($19.44) price objective on Uniper SE and gave the company a neutral rating in a research note on Tuesday, May 30th. Two investment analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, five have given a hold rating and four have given a buy rating to the company. Uniper SE presently has an average rating of Hold and an average price target of €17.13 ($19.24). Shares of Uniper SE (ETR:UN01) traded down 0.11% during mid-day trading on Friday, reaching €17.75. The company’s stock had a trading volume of 29,191 shares. The company’s market capitalization is €6.51 billion. Uniper SE has a 1-year low of €9.85 and a 1-year high of €18.25. The company’s 50 day moving average price is €15.97 and its 200-day moving average price is €14.02. TRADEMARK VIOLATION NOTICE: “Uniper SE (UN01) Given a €21.00 Price Target at Berenberg Bank” was published by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are accessing this piece on another website, it was copied illegally and reposted in violation of U.S. and international trademark and copyright legislation. The original version of this piece can be viewed at https://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/06/05/uniper-se-un01-given-a-21-00-price-target-at-berenberg-bank.html. About Uniper SE Uniper SE is a Germany-based energy generation and energy trading company. The Company operates through three segments: European Generation, Global Commodities and International Power Generation. The European Generation segment generates power and owns coal, gas, oil and combined gas and steam power plants, hydroelectric power plants, nuclear power stations in Sweden, a biomass plant in France, as well as solar and wind power facilities; the Global Commodities segment bundles the energy trading activities, and the International Power Generation segment comprises equity investments in energy generation companies in the Russian Federation, Czech Republic and Brazil. Receive News & Ratings for Uniper SE Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Uniper SE and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Trump’s Tweets Complicate Already Complicated Week World Leaders Very Critical of Paris Agreement Decision by Trump Aide to President Trump Resigns With More Expected Scud-Class Missile Launched by North Korea Travel Ban Dealt Another Blow by Appeals Court © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Evonik Industries AG - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Evonik Industries AG with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Analyzing Global Eagle Entertainment (ENT) & Comcast (CMCSK) CIGNA Co. (CI) Upgraded to Buy at ValuEngine Kopin (KOPN) versus Qorvo (QRVO) Financial Contrast Pacer Advisors Inc. Has $339,000 Stake in Regions Financial Corp (RF) Buckingham Capital Management Inc. Reduces Position in Delta Air Lines, Inc. (DAL) Illumina, Inc. (ILMN) Shares Bought by Nordea Investment Management AB Casey's General Stores Inc (CASY) Stake Boosted by Nordea Investment Management AB 25,494 Shares in Weibo Corp (WB) Acquired by Nordea Investment Management AB Tortoise Investment Management LLC Sells 765 Shares of Delta Air Lines, Inc. (DAL) Mason Street Advisors LLC Purchases 520 Shares of BancorpSouth, Inc. (BXS) Pacer Advisors Inc. Purchases 44 Shares of Essex Property Trust Inc (ESS) Pacer Advisors Inc. Purchases 1,080 Shares of Clean Harbors Inc (CLH) Pacer Advisors Inc. Purchases New Position in Science Applications International Corp (SAIC) Pacer Advisors Inc. Has $338,000 Stake in Ciena Co. (CIEN) Envestnet Asset Management Inc. Sells 624 Shares of ICU Medical (ICUI) Mercantile Bank Corp. (MBWM) Expected to Announce Quarterly Sales of $31.16 Million Tata Motors Limited (TTM) Earns News Sentiment Rating of -0.07 USD Partners (USDP) Earning Somewhat Negative News Coverage, AlphaOne Reports Parke Bancorp (PKBK) Getting Somewhat Negative Media Coverage, Study Shows Dwight D. Churchill Sells 3,277 Shares of Affiliated Managers Group, Inc. (AMG) Stock Evonik Industries AG (EVK) Given a €32.00 Price Target by Deutsche Bank AG Analysts June 5th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Trevor Kearing Filed Under: Analyst Articles - Europe - Finance Tweet Deutsche Bank AG set a €32.00 ($35.96) target price on Evonik Industries AG (FRA:EVK) in a report issued on Friday morning. The brokerage currently has a neutral rating on the stock. Several other analysts have also recently issued reports on EVK. DZ Bank AG reaffirmed a sell rating on shares of Evonik Industries AG in a report on Saturday, May 20th. Baader Bank set a €41.00 ($46.07) price target on Evonik Industries AG and gave the company a buy rating in a report on Saturday, May 20th. Nord/LB set a €30.00 ($33.71) price target on Evonik Industries AG and gave the company a neutral rating in a report on Saturday, May 20th. Sanford C. Bernstein set a €35.00 ($39.33) price target on Evonik Industries AG and gave the company a buy rating in a report on Monday, May 22nd. Finally, JPMorgan Chase & Co. set a €32.00 ($35.96) price target on Evonik Industries AG and gave the company a neutral rating in a report on Tuesday, May 30th. Two investment analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, three have issued a hold rating and three have assigned a buy rating to the stock. The stock currently has a consensus rating of Hold and an average price target of €32.86 ($36.92). Evonik Industries AG (EVK) traded up 1.738% on Friday, hitting €31.203. 3,416 shares of the company’s stock traded hands. The stock has a market cap of €14.68 billion and a P/E ratio of 19.119. Evonik Industries AG has a 12 month low of €25.00 and a 12 month high of €32.20. The stock has a 50 day moving average price of €30.87 and a 200-day moving average price of €29.42. TRADEMARK VIOLATION WARNING: This news story was first published by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are reading this news story on another site, it was copied illegally and reposted in violation of U.S. & international copyright and trademark laws. The correct version of this news story can be read at https://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/06/05/evonik-industries-ag-evk-given-a-32-00-price-target-by-deutsche-bank-ag-analysts.html. Receive News & Ratings for Evonik Industries AG Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Evonik Industries AG and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Jeff Sessions Spoke of Resigning After Tensions Increase with Trump President Trump’s Tweets Complicate Already Complicated Week World Leaders Very Critical of Paris Agreement Decision by Trump Aide to President Trump Resigns With More Expected Scud-Class Missile Launched by North Korea © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Novartis AG - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Novartis AG with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Analyzing Global Eagle Entertainment (ENT) & Comcast (CMCSK) CIGNA Co. (CI) Upgraded to Buy at ValuEngine Kopin (KOPN) versus Qorvo (QRVO) Financial Contrast Pacer Advisors Inc. Has $339,000 Stake in Regions Financial Corp (RF) Buckingham Capital Management Inc. Reduces Position in Delta Air Lines, Inc. (DAL) Illumina, Inc. (ILMN) Shares Bought by Nordea Investment Management AB Casey's General Stores Inc (CASY) Stake Boosted by Nordea Investment Management AB 25,494 Shares in Weibo Corp (WB) Acquired by Nordea Investment Management AB Tortoise Investment Management LLC Sells 765 Shares of Delta Air Lines, Inc. (DAL) Mason Street Advisors LLC Purchases 520 Shares of BancorpSouth, Inc. (BXS) Pacer Advisors Inc. Purchases 44 Shares of Essex Property Trust Inc (ESS) Pacer Advisors Inc. Purchases 1,080 Shares of Clean Harbors Inc (CLH) Pacer Advisors Inc. Purchases New Position in Science Applications International Corp (SAIC) Pacer Advisors Inc. Has $338,000 Stake in Ciena Co. (CIEN) Envestnet Asset Management Inc. Sells 624 Shares of ICU Medical (ICUI) Mercantile Bank Corp. (MBWM) Expected to Announce Quarterly Sales of $31.16 Million Tata Motors Limited (TTM) Earns News Sentiment Rating of -0.07 USD Partners (USDP) Earning Somewhat Negative News Coverage, AlphaOne Reports Parke Bancorp (PKBK) Getting Somewhat Negative Media Coverage, Study Shows Dwight D. Churchill Sells 3,277 Shares of Affiliated Managers Group, Inc. (AMG) Stock Novartis AG (NOVN) Given a CHF 80 Price Target at Goldman Sachs Group Inc June 5th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Latisha Jones Filed Under: Analyst Articles - Europe - Finance Tweet Goldman Sachs Group Inc set a CHF 80 price objective on Novartis AG (VTX:NOVN) in a research note released on Friday morning. The firm currently has a neutral rating on the stock. Several other research firms also recently commented on NOVN. Jefferies Group LLC set a CHF 100 price objective on shares of Novartis AG and gave the company a buy rating in a report on Monday, May 29th. Morgan Stanley set a CHF 75 target price on shares of Novartis AG and gave the company a sell rating in a research note on Saturday, May 20th. Finally, JPMorgan Chase & Co. set a CHF 70 target price on shares of Novartis AG and gave the company a neutral rating in a research note on Saturday, May 20th. Two research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, two have given a hold rating and one has assigned a buy rating to the stock. The stock has a consensus rating of Hold and an average target price of CHF 78. Novartis AG (NOVN) opened at 79.40 on Friday. Novartis AG has a 52-week low of CHK 67.40 and a 52-week high of CHK 82.80. The firm has a 50-day moving average of CHK 77.44 and a 200 day moving average of CHK 74.52. TRADEMARK VIOLATION NOTICE: This story was first posted by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are accessing this story on another website, it was illegally stolen and republished in violation of United States and international trademark and copyright law. The legal version of this story can be accessed at https://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/06/05/novartis-ag-novn-given-a-chf-80-price-target-at-goldman-sachs-group-inc.html. About Novartis AG Novartis AG is a holding company, which provides healthcare solutions. The Company is engaged in the research, development, manufacturing and marketing of a range of healthcare products led by pharmaceuticals. The Company’s segments include Innovative Medicines, Sandoz, Alcon and Corporate activities. Receive News & Ratings for Novartis AG Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Novartis AG and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Jeff Sessions Spoke of Resigning After Tensions Increase with Trump President Trump’s Tweets Complicate Already Complicated Week World Leaders Very Critical of Paris Agreement Decision by Trump Aide to President Trump Resigns With More Expected Scud-Class Missile Launched by North Korea © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
MBS Live | Automated Mortgage and Real Estate Newsletters | Advertise | Contact Register or Sign in        Email This Page     Link To This Page     Visit MND at MBA in NYC! 151,629 # of Subscribers Premium Services MBS Live! Learn More Start a 2 Week Free Trial Marketing Services Directory Listing Local Ads Enhanced / Search Optimized Profiles Client Testimonials Cobranding Services NO COMPETITOR ADS!! Cobranded Website Cobranded Email Cobranded Social Marketing Cobranded Print Cobranded Widgets View All Premium Services Home Page Open Home Page FRONT PAGE - HOME PAGE - NEWS STREAM - VIDEO NEWS  CHANNELS / TOPICS - MND NewsWire - Mortgage Rate Watch - MBS Commentary - Pipeline Press Secondary Markets Voice of Housing - Community Commentary SUBSCRIBE - Daily Newsletter - Daily Rate Report - News Alerts - Manage  Email Subscriptions - RSS Feeds More - About Us - Authors / Contributors - Submit an Article / Tip - News Widgets NEWS VIDEO NEWS - Video Home - Video RSS Feed VIDEO MND Live! MND Live! - Real-time Streaming Community Activity Comments - Reader's Comments Q&A - Q&A Home COMMUNITY MBS Markets MBS Prices Treasury / LIBOR Residential Mortgage Debt Mortgage Interest Rates Current Mortgage Rates FHFA / Freddie Mac / MBA Compare Lender Rates Bank Ratings Mortgage Calculators Mortgage Rate FAQs Primary Market Volume Mortgage Applications Total Outstanding Mortgages Net Change Outstanding Mortgages New Houses Financing Type Mortgage Originations Housing Production Building Permits Housing Starts Under Construction Housing Completions Construction Spending NAHB Builder Confidence Home Sales New Home Sales Existing Home Sales Pending Home Sales Home Prices FHFA Home Prices S&P Case Shiller New Home Prices Existing Home Prices Homeownership Vacancy Rate Homeownership Rate Housing Inventory MARKET DATA Current Rates - Current Mortgage Rates - 30 Year Fixed Rate Mortgage - Daily Rate Movements - Historic Mortgage Rates - FHFA / Freddie Mac / MBA - About Our Daily Rate Survey Compare Rates - See Rates From Top Lenders Tools - Mortgage Calculators - Mortgage Rate FAQs - Compare Lender Rates Follow Rates Daily - Daily Rate Update Email - Twitter - RSS MORTGAGE RATES Subscribe (free) - SUBSCRIBE HERE Daily Newsletter - Most Recent - Archive Daily Rate Update - Most Recent - Archive Weekly Newsletter - Most Recent - Archive Weekly Rate Update - Most Recent - Archive NEWSLETTERS Place your ad here Connect With MND Subscribe  Email Alerts Receive an Email Alert each time a story is posted to Pipeline Press. - Subscribe to Email Alerts  RSS - Posts  |  Comments - View All RSS Feeds  Newsletters - Subscribe to Newsletter - Subscribe to Mortgage Rates Update Latest Headlines From Pipeline Press HMDA Training; Survey on Digital Mortgage Benefits; Origination... Market Exec's View on Rates and Locks; Fannie and Freddie... State-Level Lending Law Changes - Does California Have a Price... RESCAP Legal News; June Fed Rate Hike Odds Credit Guideline Changes; Jumbo Secondary Market News View All Other Top Headlines MBS RECAP: Today's Weakness Keeps Risks Alive Rates Hold 2017 Lows Despite Market Weakness MBS Day Ahead: Tomorrow Remains in Focus Even if Things Get Crazy... Production Volume Drives Mortgage Profits Down Holiday Week Mutes Application Activity Despite Falling Rates View More Latest Video Markets don't care... Financial Choice Act... Fixed income has declared... View More Volume Drives Down Lender Profits; Short Week Mutes Mortgage Apps; Rates Hold 2017 Lows Published: 6/7/2017 VIEW | SUBSCRIBE | ARCHIVE            Comments "Yeah, as far as I know, 45% front-end is max with just about..." "Yes, I also rely on his guidance for stock picks and race track..." "Some interesting changes here. Makes one wonder how servicers..." "I can't help but think the 10 yr bond yield is going to stay..." "I always inform people "do not use Zillow''s automated..." "That's Very Informative post! It is good to know that there..." "Good to read!" "Good to read!" Latest Questions Have MLO license interpretations for prior felonies been challenged /re-defined less... Do we qualify this year How do I find the historical data for prices on Agency MBS? Bottom Right Default State Name: California State Name underscore: California State Name dash: California State Name lower underscore: california State Name lower dash: california State Name lower: california State Abbreviation: CA State Abbreviation Lower: ca News Headlines » Pipeline Press Home About this Channel Pipeline Press is an informational forum focused on the interpretation and discussion of industry specific news, intelligence, investor bulletins, lender releases, developments, events and even rumor. Share:  Email    Link Here        Facebook        Twitter        LinkedIn        Google Plus Widgets by: Rob Chrisman RESCAP Legal News; June Fed Rate Hike Odds Jun 5 2017, 9:02AM The Federal Financial Institutions Examination Council (FFIEC) published a Press Release announcing an update to the Cybersecurity Assessment Tool. Capital Markets Despite the arguably weak payroll number, the Fed Funds futures market (a way of gauging what all the smart folks think the probability is) increased their probability of a June hike to 93%. The 10 year continues to rally, and we are at the lowest yields since early November. The Trump "reflation trade" - $1 trillion on infrastructure plus tax breaks - continues to deflate, at least as far as bonds are concerned. Friday, after the employment data, we had a nice treasury rally following the weaker than expected payrolls report as the 10-year note led the market higher, price-wise, and rates dropped with the 10-year yield dropping to 2.14%. (If employment is not strong, inflation is not an issue, so rates shouldn't go up, right?) And so on Friday the 10-year note price improved .5 and closed with a yield of 2.16% whereas the 5-year and agency MBS prices improved about .250 depending on coupon and maturity. But it's a new week as we head into June. From overseas, scheduled news-wise, are two central bank decisions on Tuesday and Thursday. Also on Thursday is the UK general election - another election to talk about! Skipping over today (see next paragraph), tomorrow we'll have the JOLTS job openings figure, Wednesday is the MBA apps data from last week, Thursday is initial jobless claims, and Friday the 9th is...not much. This morning isn't much either. We've had some 2nd tier productivity (unchanged in 1st quarter) and unit labor costs (+2.2%). Coming up later are some factory-orders numbers and ISM numbers. We launch the week with rates a smidge higher versus Friday's closing levels. As a proxy for rates in general, the 10-year's yield is 2.18% and agency MBS prices are worse nearly .125. Bank News "Bigger is better" with some things, right? For those that think it applies to banks, and for those who like lists, S&P Global Market Intelligence finds the largest US banks by assets as of the end of Q1 in order were: JPMorgan ($2.55T); Bank of America ($2.24T); Wells Fargo ($1.95T), Citigroup ($1.82T), US Bancorp ($450B); PNC ($371B), TD Group ($371B), Capital One ($349B), Bank of New York Mellon ($338B), and HSBC North America ($295B). People's Intermountain Bank ($1.7B, UT) will acquire Town & Country Bank ($135mm, UT) for about $20.9mm in cash (35%) and stock (65%). Doolin Security Savings Bank ($48mm, OH) will combine with Belpre Savings Bank ($48mm, WV) in a merger of equals. In nearby Indiana Horizon Bank ($3.2B) will acquire Lafayette Community Bank ($172mm) for about $32mm in cash (10%) and stock (90%) or about 1.66x tangible book. And banks don't only have to buy banks, right? Peapack-Gladstone Bank ($4.0B, NJ) will acquire asset manager Murphy Capital Management Inc. (NJ) with its $850mm in assets under management. Things aren't always rosy of course. Regulators closed Fayette County Bank ($34mm, IL) and sold it to United Fidelity Bank ($574mm, IN) under a purchase and assumption agreement. (United picks up one branch, all the deposits, and about 84% of the assets.) Banks are where the money is... but what if you don't have much? SmartAsset did a study that considered affordability and livability factors to find the best cities for people who earn the U.S. median salary of $55,000. Legal Updates Clem Ziroli Jr., President of First Mortgage Corporation, reports that on May 18, 2017 attorneys for the corporation argued in U.S. District Court proceedings in Minnesota that claims by the RESCAP Liquidating Trust for $24.5M should be mostly dismissed, and that the remaining claims were overstated by 90%. RESCAP is the successor to the bankrupt unit of General Motors Acceptance Corporation's RFC, which was a dominant figure in the 2008 financial meltdown. "RESCAP lodged claims of breach of warranty and representation at loan origination for loans dating back to 1999. First Mortgage argued that all claims for 93 of 169 loans should be dismissed for being brought after a 6-year Statute of Limitations had passed. First Mortgage also argued that all claims for another 46 loans should be dismissed because the damages claimed were actually caused by a superseding cause such as RFC voluntarily agreeing to a short sale or a loan modification. Then, First Mortgage also argued that RFC's actions to elect to do non-judicial foreclosure for 45 loans was a further basis for dismissing all but 6 of the 169 loans. "Then, with respect to RESCAP's $1.4M claims for those last 6 loans, First Mortgage argued that RESCAP's claims were overstated by 90%, relying upon an August 2014 decision from the same courthouse about the same dispute against another RESCAP defendant which said, 'In May 2012, RFC declared bankruptcy in the Bankruptcy Court for the Southern District of New York. The dozens of lawsuits against RFC involved a balance of more than $100 billion in original loan principal. And because RFC extended a promise to repurchase faulty loans and investments as part of its offerings, RFC had already spent millions of dollars repurchasing investments and loans. After RFC declared bankruptcy, investors and other interested parties filed hundreds of proofs of claim. Ultimately, the bankruptcy court approved a global settlement of over $10 billion to resolve the claims against RFC. The settlement assigned the rights and interests of RFC to the ResCap Liquidating Trust.' "The judge said First Mortgage may file its motions together with similar motions by the other RESCAP defendants, but must wait for expert discovery to be completed. That may be as early as Thanksgiving. First Mortgage is committed to continuing this fight." The Office of the Comptroller of the Currency (OCC) issued Bulletin 2017-18: Violations of Laws and Regulations. The updated policy and procedures are effective on July 1, 2017 and apply to examinations of all national banks, federal savings associations, and federal branches and agencies. With these changes, the OCC aims to increase the effectiveness of its process for handling violations of laws and regulations. The updated policies and procedures provide the OCC with guidelines on consistent terminology, communication, format, follow-up, analysis, documentation, and reporting of violations. Jobs and Personnel, Products and Events Inlanta Mortgage Inc., is proud to announce the growth and development of its Third-Party Origination (TPO) Solutions program with the promotion of their own Aaron Kaczorowski to TPO Account Executive. Aaron has been with Inlanta since Feb. 2015 and will make a great addition to the team, working alongside TPO Manager, Dave Stephan. Inlanta also recently welcomed new National Training Manager, Jennifer Jensen, who brings 23 years of industry experience to the team. "Inlanta is currently positioned for tremendous growth and Jennifer will be a valuable asset that will further Inlanta's advancement in the mortgage marketplace, providing extensive training programs to support the company's objectives." Republic Bank and Trust Company is seeking a highly talented and experienced Consumer Direct Manager to lead our growing team. This individual will direct and coordinate all activities of the Consumer Direct channel, including recruiting talented loan officers, managing lead sources and partnering with our online deposit platform. Republic Bank is the largest bank headquartered in Kentucky and currently lends in 15 states with the plan to expand to all states in the coming months. We offer a competitive salary, commission and benefits package along with the stability and support of a very profitable and more than adequately capitalized bank. We offer agency and non-agency products, including portfolio loans, HELOCs and promotional products that only a bank can provide, that will allow the right leader to thrive and reach their fullest potential. We were just voted one of the Top Places to Work in the state. Resumes can be submitted online or sent to Adam Perito, VP Talent and Recruitment Advisor. Republic Bank is an EOE Employer-Minorities/Females/Veterans/Individuals with Disabilities/Sexual Orientation/Gender Identity. NRL Mortgage is extending an exclusive invitation to the attendees of the upcoming Mastermind Summit in June. They've arranged an exciting cocktail reception with music, food, fun and networking with the industry's elite top producers, and will be getting REAL with their special guest & friend, Josh Altman, star of Million Dollar Listing Los Angeles! This private event will be held at The Palms, Las Vegas "Real World" Suite; Wed., June 7th, 5-6PM, and is already drawing much attention. Those interested should RSVP quickly to NRLEvents. Click here to explore the potential of what NRL Mortgage offers, as it is licensed in 45+ states and growing nationally. Any top producers and top managers interested in having a confidential conversation regarding a new opportunity should reach out to President Ron Zach. Paul Clifford from Simplifile: "In the absence of digital collaboration between lenders and settlement agents, issuing separate Closing Disclosures (CDs) for the buyer and seller will continue to cause headaches for lenders, as this approach increases the likelihood of compliance missteps. The settlement agent is often the entity driving the creation of the seller form (usually with the intent of protecting the seller's information). There needs to be a mechanism in place to ensure that information is being exchanged securely and in a timely manner to avoid disclosure delivery snafus and prolonged post-closing follow-ups that can lead to serious Know Before You Owe rule violations. Simplifile's Collaboration platform for lenders and settlement agents supports real-time communication and automated notifications to alert both parties of changes to either the buyer or seller CD, thus ensuring that both forms match and that revised disclosures are reissued to each party in a timely manner." Midwest Equity Mortgage (MEM) is in search for an experienced Encompass Business Analyst/Systems Administrator. MEM is a growing National Mortgage Lender, licensed in 14 states, funded 1.6 Billion in 2016, exclusively through a direct to consumer/retail channel. MEM was once again named to Crain's Fast 50 growing companies and is an INC. 5000 Company. MEM is headquartered in Oak Brook, Illinois. The Business Analyst/Systems Administrator is responsible for working directly with business users to develop, improve, and document system workflows, support technical issues, and identify and cure impediments to moving files efficiently and effectively through the system. For the candidate to be considered, he or she must have must have a minimum of two years' related experience with Ellie Mae's Encompass LOS. The position is remote and the candidate can reside anywhere. Please direct all inquiries to HR@midwestequity.com or to Len Tortorice. About the Author Rob Chrisman Pipeline Press, Author Rob Chrisman began his career in mortgage banking - primarily capital markets - 27 years ago in 1985 with First California Mortgage, assisting in Secondary Marketing until 1988, when he joined Tuttle & Co., a leading mortgage pipeline risk management... more Share:  Email    Link Here        Facebook        Twitter        LinkedIn        Digg        Google Plus More ↓ More More ↓ More StumbleUpon del.icio.us MySpace Yahoo! Buzz Subscribe ↓ More Subscribe ↓ More Email Email Alerts Daily Newsletter View All Email Options RSS All Headlines This Channel Only Video Around The Web View All RSS Feeds Did you know? You can see a list of all comments on MND by clicking the 'Read the Latest Comments' option under the 'Community' menu.  Follow Comments:  This Post  |  All Comments  |  Learn More Comments Join Now or Login to Post Comments Report Reason: <<  >> More From MND Mortgage Rate Watch Rates Hold 2017 Lows Despite Market Weakness Mortgage rates managed to hold in line with 2017's lowest levels for a 2nd day, even though underlying bond markets suggested a move higher . That means... Pipeline Press Market Exec's View on Rates and Locks; Fannie and... Summer is here, school is out for many, and it’s time for vacation, right? Here’s a little trivia for your co-workers. What is number of available... MBS Commentary MBS Day Ahead: Tomorrow Remains in Focus Even if Things... One never knows what to expect on the relatively data-free day ahead of a minefield of potential market movers 24 hours later. To be clear, we're talking... MND NewsWire Production Volume Drives Mortgage Profits Down Independent mortgage banks and mortgage subsidiaries of chartered banks reported a second straight quarter of falling profits during the three months that... MND NewsWire Holiday Week Mutes Application Activity Despite Falling... Mortgage application volume rose during the week ended June 2, increasing by 7.1 percent on a seasonally adjusted basis. The Mortgage Bankers Association... MBS Commentary MBS RECAP: Bond Markets "Leading Off" at... After yesterday's modest bond market weakness, we may well have assumed that traders were in their preferred positions ahead of Thursday's big... Mortgage Rate Watch Mortgage Rates Unexpectedly Fall to 2017 Lows (Again... Mortgage rates unexpectedly fell to new 7-month lows today, following bond market gains in the overnight hours (Asian and European trading sessions). Interest... MND NewsWire Home Builder Group Voices Support for Mortgage Deduction June is National Homeownership Month and the National Association of Home Builders (NAHB) says that owning a home is as much a part of the American Dream... MND NewsWire "Bidding Frenzy" Drives Prices Higher Home price increases moderated slightly in April, at least as measured by the CoreLogic Home Price Index (HPI). The company announced an increase of 6... MBS Commentary MBS Day Ahead: A Bullish Big-Picture Case for Bond... There are no significant data or events on the calendar today and the Fed remains in its "blackout period" (where Fed speakers abstain from commenting... Pipeline Press State-Level Lending Law Changes - Does California Have... I received this note/suggestion regarding broker business. " Is California dysfunctional? In California, brokers are typically regulated by the BRE , but... MBS Commentary MBS RECAP: Last Week's Rate Rally Mostly Intact... ISM Non-Manufacturing was this morning's biggest potential market mover, but it came in very close to consensus. Moreover, its internal components... Mortgage Rate Watch Mortgage Rates Just Off 7-Month Lows Mortgage rates were modestly higher today after hitting the lowest levels since early November at the end of last week. Along with mid-April, this is the... MND NewsWire Its (Almost) All About Interest Rates It should come as no surprise that the rise in interest rates that occurred after the November 2016 election had a profound impact on mortgage originations... MBS Commentary MBS Week Ahead: Bonds Set to Battle a Familiar Enemy... There are two white lines in today's chart. Each represents the pace of the two most recent rallies in rates (with the latter being the current rally... Pipeline Press RESCAP Legal News; June Fed Rate Hike Odds The Federal Financial Institutions Examination Council (FFIEC) published a Press Release announcing an update to the Cybersecurity Assessment Tool . Capital... MBS Commentary MBS RECAP: Rates Revisit The Gap After NFP "The gap" refers to the closing yields in 10yr Treasuries of 2.15% on 11/10/2016 followed by opening yields of 2.17% the following business day... Mortgage Rate Watch Rates Fall to 2017 Lows After Jobs Report Mortgage rates moved convincingly lower today following weaker-than-expected employment data from the Labor Department. The big "jobs report" showed only... MND NewsWire Many Dodd-Frank Provisions May Be on House Chopping... House Majority Leader Kevin McCarthy (R-CA) has told reporters he expects a full House vote next week on H.R. 10, The Financial Choice Act which was voted... Pipeline Press Credit Guideline Changes; Jumbo Secondary Market News In celebration of National Doughnut, or Donut, Day, let’s talk about a subset of real estate agents. The typical Realtor , and there are 1.2 million... View More at the Market Data Center Mortgage Rates: 30 Yr FRM 3.97% | 15 Yr FRM 3.23% | Jumbo 30 Year Fixed 4.25% MBS Prices: 30YR FNMA 4.5 107-26 (0-01) | 30YR FNMA 5.0 109-26 (0-00) | 30YR FNMA 5.5 111-06 (0-02) Recent Housing Data: Mortgage Apps 4.36% | Refinance Index 10.47% | Purchase Index -0.82% FREE MEMBERSHIP Membership Advantages Register for Free Sign In Forgot Password MBS LIVE! Learn About MBS Live! 2 Week Free Trial Sign In MORE INFO Contact Us Advertising Become a Contributor About MND NEWS Front Page News Stream Micro News Video News Around the Web MARKET DATA Current Mortgage Rates MBS Prices MBS Live! Housing Data MARKETPLACE Local Mortgage Professionals Local Real Estate Professionals +Add Your Free Listing Vendor Marketplace Browse Companies +Add Your Company PRESS CENTER Recent Press Releases Subscribe: Email  RSS Submit a Press Release Submit a News Tip Submit a Link to News Contact Our Press Team COMMUNITY User Comments Q&A STAY CONNECTED Daily Newsletter Email Alerts Mobile Version RSS Feeds Widgets Our Story Founded in 2004, Mortgage News Daily has established itself as a leader in housing news, analysis and data. Our innovative social media platform combines industry leading content and data with an active community of industry professionals, to accomplish our primary goal - keeping our readers informed. Total Members 151,629 Subscribe to Our Newsletter Follow On Your Mobile Device Subscribe To RSS Follow On Twitter Follow On Facebook Home - About - Contact - Sitemap - Disclaimer - Privacy Statement - Advertising - RSS All Content Copyright © 2003 - 2017 Brown House Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved. Reproduction in whole or in part in any form without the express written permission of MortgageNewsDaily.com is prohibited.
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance PepsiCo Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for PepsiCo Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Marcus & Millichap Inc (MMI) Downgraded to “Hold” at ValuEngine MEDNAX Inc (MD) Downgraded by ValuEngine to “Hold” Murphy Oil Co. (MUR) Lowered to Sell at ValuEngine Magna International Inc. (MGA) Downgraded to “Buy” at ValuEngine MGIC Investment Corp. (MTG) Upgraded by ValuEngine to “Strong-Buy” Rafferty Asset Management LLC Raises Stake in Nasdaq Inc (NDAQ) LMR Partners LLP Takes Position in Las Vegas Sands Corp. (LVS) West Corp (WSTC) Insider Sells $26,854.00 in Stock Tesla Inc (TSLA) Shares Sold by Rafferty Asset Management LLC Suncor Energy Inc. (SU) Position Lowered by Credit Agricole S A Chicago Partners Investment Group LLC Purchases 10,114 Shares of Arthur J Gallagher & Co (AJG) Municipal Employees Retirement System of Michigan Acquires 600 Shares of Live Nation Entertainment, Inc. (LYV) Municipal Employees Retirement System of Michigan Purchases 270 Shares of Fair Isaac Co. (FICO) Clean Energy Fuels Corp (CLNE) SVP Buys $22,600.00 in Stock Municipal Employees Retirement System of Michigan Holds Position in Hain Celestial Group Inc (HAIN) Gran Tierra Energy Inc (GTE) Insider Buys C$30,315.00 in Stock BB&T Securities LLC Has $694,000 Position in Crh Plc (CRH) Rafferty Asset Management LLC Takes Position in DST Systems, Inc. (DST) Insider Buying: Blackline Safety Corp (BLN) Director Buys C$22,570.00 in Stock Blackrock New Jersey Municipal Bond Trst (BLJ) Getting Favorable Media Coverage, AlphaOne Reports PepsiCo’s (PEP) “Hold” Rating Reiterated at Stifel Nicolaus June 5th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Jeff Wilder Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Finance Tweet Stifel Nicolaus reiterated their hold rating on shares of PepsiCo, Inc. (NYSE:PEP) in a report published on Wednesday. A number of other equities analysts have also recently weighed in on the stock. Credit Suisse Group AG upped their price objective on shares of PepsiCo from $115.00 to $121.00 and gave the stock a buy rating in a research report on Thursday, March 23rd. Zacks Investment Research cut shares of PepsiCo from a hold rating to a sell rating in a research report on Tuesday, April 18th. BMO Capital Markets restated a buy rating and set a $115.00 price objective on shares of PepsiCo in a research report on Thursday, April 27th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. started coverage on shares of PepsiCo in a research report on Tuesday, March 21st. They set an overweight rating and a $125.00 price objective for the company. Finally, Susquehanna Bancshares Inc upgraded shares of PepsiCo from a neutral rating to a positive rating and upped their price objective for the stock from $118.00 to $132.00 in a research report on Wednesday, April 12th. One analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, four have given a hold rating, fourteen have issued a buy rating and one has issued a strong buy rating to the company. PepsiCo has a consensus rating of Buy and a consensus target price of $120.35. Shares of PepsiCo (NYSE PEP) opened at 117.67 on Wednesday. PepsiCo has a one year low of $98.50 and a one year high of $118.12. The firm has a 50-day moving average of $114.22 and a 200-day moving average of $108.37. The company has a market capitalization of $168.09 billion, a P/E ratio of 25.35 and a beta of 0.53. PepsiCo (NYSE:PEP) last posted its quarterly earnings data on Wednesday, April 26th. The company reported $0.94 earnings per share for the quarter, topping the Zacks’ consensus estimate of $0.91 by $0.03. The company had revenue of $12.05 billion during the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $11.98 billion. PepsiCo had a net margin of 10.74% and a return on equity of 56.16%. The firm’s revenue for the quarter was up 1.6% on a year-over-year basis. During the same period in the prior year, the business posted $0.89 earnings per share. Analysts forecast that PepsiCo will post $5.14 earnings per share for the current year. TRADEMARK VIOLATION NOTICE: “PepsiCo’s (PEP) “Hold” Rating Reiterated at Stifel Nicolaus” was first posted by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are viewing this news story on another publication, it was stolen and reposted in violation of United States and international trademark and copyright law. The original version of this news story can be viewed at https://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/06/05/pepsicos-pep-hold-rating-reiterated-at-stifel-nicolaus.html. The company also recently disclosed a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Friday, June 30th. Investors of record on Friday, June 2nd will be issued a $0.805 dividend. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Wednesday, May 31st. This represents a $3.22 dividend on an annualized basis and a dividend yield of 2.74%. This is a positive change from PepsiCo’s previous quarterly dividend of $0.75. PepsiCo’s dividend payout ratio is currently 66.01%. Several large investors have recently made changes to their positions in PEP. First National Bank Sioux Falls raised its stake in shares of PepsiCo by 9.5% in the third quarter. First National Bank Sioux Falls now owns 8,178 shares of the company’s stock worth $889,000 after buying an additional 709 shares in the last quarter. Bank Pictet & Cie Asia Ltd. raised its stake in shares of PepsiCo by 16.7% in the third quarter. Bank Pictet & Cie Asia Ltd. now owns 133,267 shares of the company’s stock worth $14,495,000 after buying an additional 19,045 shares in the last quarter. PICTET BANK & TRUST Ltd raised its stake in shares of PepsiCo by 5.0% in the third quarter. PICTET BANK & TRUST Ltd now owns 93,990 shares of the company’s stock worth $10,223,000 after buying an additional 4,490 shares in the last quarter. Pictet & Cie Europe SA raised its stake in shares of PepsiCo by 13.8% in the third quarter. Pictet & Cie Europe SA now owns 216,858 shares of the company’s stock worth $23,588,000 after buying an additional 26,303 shares in the last quarter. Finally, First Eagle Investment Management LLC raised its stake in shares of PepsiCo by 106.7% in the third quarter. First Eagle Investment Management LLC now owns 2,469,429 shares of the company’s stock worth $268,600,000 after buying an additional 1,274,477 shares in the last quarter. 70.43% of the stock is owned by hedge funds and other institutional investors. PepsiCo Company Profile PepsiCo, Inc is a global food and beverage company. The Company’s portfolio of brands includes Frito-Lay, Gatorade, Pepsi-Cola, Quaker and Tropicana. The Company operates through six segments: Frito-Lay North America (FLNA), Quaker Foods North America (QFNA), North America Beverages (NAB), Latin America, Europe Sub-Saharan Africa (ESSA), and Asia, Middle East and North Africa (AMENA). Receive News & Ratings for PepsiCo Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for PepsiCo Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Trump’s Tweets Complicate Already Complicated Week World Leaders Very Critical of Paris Agreement Decision by Trump Aide to President Trump Resigns With More Expected Scud-Class Missile Launched by North Korea Travel Ban Dealt Another Blow by Appeals Court © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Toggle navigation FxPips News Bitcoin News Commodities News Company News CryptoCurrency News Economic Indicators News Forex News Litecoin News Market News Stock Market News Technology News World News Bitcoin Technical Analysis Fundamental Analysis Reports Technical Analysis Reports Education Trade Setups Forex Brokers Binary Brokers Bitcoin Bitcoin Bitcoin Charts Bitcoin eBook Bitcoin News Bitcoin News Widget Bitcoin Technical Analysis Live Charts Signals Calendar / News / FINANCIALS Gainers and Losers – BCH, BSAC, BRK-A, JPM, WFC, BAC, V, HSBC, C, MA, LFC, RY, SAN, GS, TD, USB, MTU, MS FINANCIALS Gainers and Losers – BCH, BSAC, BRK-A, JPM, WFC, BAC, V, HSBC, C, MA, LFC, RY, SAN, GS, TD, USB, MTU, MS posted by Chris Miranda on June 5, 2017 at 12:44 pm FINANCIALS Top Gaining and Losing Stocks – BCH, BSAC, BRK-A, JPM, WFC, BAC, V, HSBC, C, MA, LFC, RY, SAN, GS, TD, USB, MTU, MS Banco de Chile has hit an intraday price of 77.47 up 0.18 percent on 36.70 share volume with 7.563 trillion market cap Banco Santander-Chile has hit an intraday price of 24.77 up 0.20 percent on 645.12 thousand share volume with 4.668 trillion market cap Berkshire Hathaway Inc. has hit an intraday price of 249,660.00 down 0.14 percent on 322 share volume with 410.511 billion market cap JPMorgan Chase & Co. has hit an intraday price of 82.64 down 0.51 percent on 15.00 million share volume with 293.565 billion market cap Wells Fargo & Company has hit an intraday price of 51.81 down 0.52 percent on 19.48 million share volume with 258.911 billion market cap Bank of America Corporation has hit an intraday price of 22.45 down 0.80 percent on 79.72 million share volume with 223.42 billion market cap Visa Inc. has hit an intraday price of 96.15 up 0.79 percent on 8.57 million share volume with 221.69 billion market cap HSBC Holdings plc has hit an intraday price of 43.79 down 0.05 percent on 1.06 million share volume with 172.094 billion market cap Citigroup Inc. has hit an intraday price of 61.11 up 0.05 percent on 13.64 million share volume with 168.252 billion market cap Mastercard Incorporated has hit an intraday price of 125.20 up 1.46 percent on 3.73 million share volume with 134.199 billion market cap China Life Insurance Company Limited has hit an intraday price of 16.27 down 0.43 percent on 318,493 thousand share volume with 113.489 billion market cap Royal Bank of Canada has hit an intraday price of 69.52 up 0.20 percent on 890.25 thousand share volume with 97.042 billion market cap Banco Santander, S.A. has hit an intraday price of 6.55 down 0.15 percent on 8.14M 92.846 billion market cap The Goldman Sachs Group, Inc. has hit an intraday price of 213.31 down 0.79 percent on 3.69 million share volume with 87.308 billion market cap The Toronto-Dominion Bank has hit an intraday price of 48.06 up 0.38 percent on 1.23 million share volume with 87.349 billion market cap U.S. Bancorp has hit an intraday price of 51.30 down 0.45 percent on 5.59 million share volume with 86.455 billion market cap Mitsubishi UFJ Financial Group, Inc. has hit an intraday price of 6.48 up 3.68 percent on 2.99 million share volume with 86.181 billion market cap Morgan Stanley has hit an intraday price of 42.52 down 0.21 percent on 10.02 million share volume with 78.653 billion market cap Westpac Banking Corporation has hit an intraday price of 22.79 up 1.06 percent on 196,200 thousand share volume with 74.301 billion market cap About Chris Miranda Chris writes mostly about the latest in the stock market, finance, tech and business. View all posts by Chris Miranda → Top Forex Brokers Top Binary Brokers 1 FXGiants Demo Account Real Account Read Reviews 2 Trade 24 Demo Account Real Account Read Reviews 3 Trading Banks Demo Account Real Account Read Reviews 4 NSFX Demo Account Real Account Read Reviews 1 OptioNow Real Account Read Reviews 2 Optionrally 24 Real Account Read Reviews Follow Us Newsletter Signup Popular Posts Zcash, the New Cryptocurrency, Makes “Deafening” Entry, Threatens Bitcoin, Ethereum Company Earnings Report, as of Nov. 4, 2016 70Trades Offers Free Demo Accounts to Improve Trading Skills Global Forex Pairs Trading – Europe & Americas, as of 2:25 a.m. Eastern Composite Leading Pct Declining Stocks, Jan. 10 Advertisement ABOUT US CONTACT US PRIVACY POLICY ADVERTISE SITEMAP PARTNERS © 2017 FxPips.com. All rights reserved. Risk Disclaimer: Trading foreign exchange on margin carries a high level of risk, and may not be suitable for all investors. The high degree of leverage can work against you as well as for you. Before deciding to trade foreign exchange you should carefully consider your investment objectives, level of experience, and risk appetite. The possibility exists that you could sustain a loss of some or all of your initial investment and therefore you should not invest money that you cannot afford to lose. You should be aware of all the risks associated with foreign exchange trading, and seek advice from an independent financial advisor if you have any doubts. × Read previous post: NEW 52 Week Highs, NASDAQ – ALGN, AMOT, SWIN, AMZN, DOX, AMWD, ASRVP, ANSS, APPF, AMAT, AAOI, ATRI, ACLS, RILYZ, BYSI NEW 52 Week Highs, NASDAQ – ALGN, AMOT, SWIN, AMZN, DOX, AMWD, ASRVP, ANSS, APPF, AMAT, AAOI, ATRI, ACLS, RILYZ,...Close
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance SSP Group PLC - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for SSP Group PLC with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News 180 Degree Capital Corp (TURN) Chairman Buys $16,141.70 in Stock First Commonwealth Financial (FCF) Director Acquires $16,800.00 in Stock Insider Selling: Power Integrations Inc (POWI) VP Sells $13,759.60 in Stock Perry Ellis International, Inc. (PERY) Downgraded by ValuEngine to Hold Obalon Therapeutics Inc (OBLN) Upgraded by ValuEngine to Sell Parke Bancorp, Inc. (PKBK) Upgraded by ValuEngine to Buy Forward Pharma A/S (FWP) Earns Daily Media Sentiment Score of 0.37 Covenant Transportation Group (CVTI) Earns Daily Coverage Optimism Rating of 0.37 Positive News Coverage Somewhat Likely to Impact International Paper (IP) Stock Price Cortina Asset Management LLC Purchases 75,879 Shares of Entellus Medical Inc (ENTL) Cortina Asset Management LLC Sells 17,566 Shares of Covenant Transportation Group, Inc. (CVTI) Fiesta Restaurant Group (FRGI) Getting Favorable Media Coverage, Study Finds United Services Automobile Association Cuts Stake in Forrester Research, Inc. (FORR) Van ECK Associates Corp Purchases 50,868 Shares of Solar Capital Ltd. (SLRC) Genco Shipping & Trading Limited Ordinary Shares New (Marshall Islands) (GNK) Getting Positive Press Coverage, Report Shows Credit Agricole S A Boosts Stake in Papa John's Int'l, Inc. (PZZA) Bank of Commerce Holdings (BOCH) Upgraded to “Buy” at ValuEngine Bryn Mawr Bank Corp. (BMTC) Upgraded by ValuEngine to “Buy” Cna Financial Corp (CNA) Upgraded at Zacks Investment Research BNC Bancorp (BNCN) Upgraded to “Buy” at ValuEngine SSP Group PLC (SSPG) Given Average Recommendation of “Hold” by Brokerages June 5th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Trevor Kearing Filed Under: Consensus Rating Articles - Finance Tweet SSP Group PLC (LON:SSPG) has been given a consensus rating of “Hold” by the twelve analysts that are currently covering the stock, Marketbeat.com reports. One equities research analyst has rated the stock with a sell recommendation, eight have given a hold recommendation and three have given a buy recommendation to the company. The average 12 month price objective among analysts that have issued a report on the stock in the last year is GBX 431.27 ($5.54). A number of research analysts have commented on SSPG shares. Morgan Stanley boosted their target price on SSP Group PLC from GBX 360 ($4.62) to GBX 450 ($5.78) and gave the company an “equal weight” rating in a research note on Friday, May 19th. Citigroup Inc boosted their target price on SSP Group PLC from GBX 450 ($5.78) to GBX 530 ($6.81) and gave the company a “buy” rating in a research note on Friday, May 19th. Kepler Capital Markets boosted their target price on SSP Group PLC from GBX 440 ($5.65) to GBX 455 ($5.84) and gave the company a “hold” rating in a research note on Friday, May 19th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. lowered their target price on SSP Group PLC from GBX 400 ($5.14) to GBX 395 ($5.07) and set a “neutral” rating on the stock in a research note on Thursday, May 11th. Finally, Numis Securities Ltd restated an “add” rating and issued a GBX 510 ($6.55) target price on shares of SSP Group PLC in a research note on Tuesday, May 23rd. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION NOTICE: This report was originally published by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are reading this report on another website, it was illegally stolen and reposted in violation of U.S. & international trademark and copyright legislation. The legal version of this report can be read at https://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/06/05/ssp-group-plc-sspg-given-average-recommendation-of-hold-by-brokerages.html. Shares of SSP Group PLC (LON SSPG) opened at 479.50 on Monday. SSP Group PLC has a 52 week low of GBX 260.50 and a 52 week high of GBX 498.00. The firm’s market capitalization is GBX 2.28 billion. The firm has a 50-day moving average price of GBX 460.68 and a 200-day moving average price of GBX 409.68. The business also recently declared a dividend, which will be paid on Monday, July 3rd. Stockholders of record on Thursday, June 1st will be paid a dividend of GBX 3.20 ($0.04) per share. This represents a dividend yield of 0.68%. The ex-dividend date is Thursday, June 1st. This is an increase from SSP Group PLC’s previous dividend of $2.90. About SSP Group PLC SSP Group plc is an operator of food and beverage concessions in travel locations, operating restaurants, bars, cafes, food courts, lounges and stores in airports, train stations, motorway service stations and other locations. The Company’s segments are the UK, Continental Europe, North America and the Rest of the World (RoW). Receive News & Ratings for SSP Group PLC Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for SSP Group PLC and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Trump’s Tweets Complicate Already Complicated Week World Leaders Very Critical of Paris Agreement Decision by Trump Aide to President Trump Resigns With More Expected Scud-Class Missile Launched by North Korea Travel Ban Dealt Another Blow by Appeals Court © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
  It looks like there's an issue with JavaScript in your browser. For a better experience, we recommend that you enable JavaScript. Go to https://www.whatismybrowser.com/guides/how-to-enable-javascript/ to learn more. WNYC News Published by WNYC News From Tax Codes to Traffic, a Megamall’s Risks Download this audio Want to embed this player? Use the code below. More info. <iframe frameborder="0" scrolling="no" height="130" width="100%" src="https://www.wnyc.org/widgets/ondemand_player/wnyc/#file=/audio/json/760603/&share=1"></iframe> Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Email a Friend Model of proposed East Rutherford, New Jersey mall, the American Dream (Ilya Marritz / WNYC) i Jun 5, 2017 · by Ilya Marritz The company behind American Dream, Triple Five of Canada, is detailing its vision for a mall-entertainment destination in the Meadowlands in New Jersey — and the hazards that could derail the project. Since the concept of a shopping destination on state-owned marshland was first green-lit in 2003, the mall has encountered many problems. Two earlier developers gave up on the project, formerly known as "Xanadu." Now, Triple Five is looking to raise $2.8 billion to finance the final phases of construction. More than half of the funding will be arranged privately through  J.P. Morgan Chase. The remaining $1.1 billion is expected to  come from the sale of tax-free, unrated, government bonds. For that bond sale, two preliminary offering memoranda are now in circulation: one is for an $800 million bond package backed by payments in lieu of taxes (PILOT); the other is for a $300 million bond package backed by sales tax receipts generated after American Dream opens. The bonds are being sold by the Public Finance Authority of Wisconsin, which is serving as a middleman between the New Jersey Sports and Exposition Authority and investors. The documents — over 1,800 pages of them — disclose a wide array of risks that potential investors will have to consider. Transit is one. Roads and trains are both already heavily congested and could get worse: According to the PILOT bond memo, “The difficulty, expense, unfamiliarity and time-consuming nature of these transportation options, especially for persons carrying numerous purchases, may present a special risk." An even greater challenge may be the seeming end of America’s love affair with malls. A study by Credit Suisse recently suggested 20 to 25 percent of U.S. malls could close by 2022. “To the extent that these trends continue and have a material adverse effect on the American Dream Project, tenants and customers of the American Dream Project may find the American Dream Project less attractive, which may have a material adverse effect on the generation of sales taxes and on the operating income of the American Dream Project,” the offering memo states. If the mall fails to meet revenue projections, bond investors will have little recourse: their claims can be made only after the J.P. Morgan lenders have been compensated. Sixty-nine percent of American Dream's 2.9 million square feet of space has been leased to tenants like Saks, Lord & Taylor, and Primark. There will also be a Nickelodeon amusement park and a DreamWorks water park. Still, says Lisa Washburn, a credit research analyst for Municipal Market Analytics, the project should give any investor pause. “I still remain skeptical about the ability for success for the project generally and specifically very concerned about the risks to bondholders,” she said. Triple Five expects American Dream to open in early 2019. Also Seen In... Part of Mall Madness. Malls are in trouble. But New Jersey is helping a private developer finish the stalled American Dream mall, next to the NJ Turnpike. WNYC, NJ Spotlight and Bloomberg Businessweek examine what’s gone wrong -- and what could go right. More in this Series
Market Trend Market Trend The Big Picture Stock Market Today IBD's ETF Market Strategy Psychological Market Indicators Stock Lists Stock Lists My Stock Lists IBD Big Cap 20 IPO Leaders Stocks Near A Buy Zone IBD 50 New Highs Global Leaders Your Weekly Review Sector Leaders Relative Strength at New High Rising Profit Estimates Tech Leaders Stock Spotlight CAN SLIM Select Stocks that Funds are Buying IBD Data Tables Stocks On The Move Research Stock Research IBD Stock Checkup IBD Charts ETFs & Funds Investing Action Plan The Income Investor ETF Center Earnings Preview Industry Snapshot IBD Industry Themes Earnings Calendar Short Selling Futures & Options IBD Stock Analysis Swing Trading Bonds The New America IBD Data Stories Premium Investing Tools Leaderboard Swing Trader eTables Top Rated Stocks Under $10 MarketSmith News NEWS eIBD Best ETFs Technology ETF Leaders Click Tech Blog Best Mutual Funds FANG Stocks News Economy Retirement Economic Calendar Personal Finance Real Estate Financial Advisor Briefing Special Reports Management Industry News Pages Politics Politics Editorials Trump News & Tweets Commentary The Trump Economy Columnists Economic Optimism Index Policy & Analysis IBD/TIPP Poll IBD Videos Investing Videos Home Study Programs How to Invest Lesson Topics Getting Started with IBD The CAN SLIM Investing System How to Time the Stock Market How to Find and Evaluate Stocks How to Read Stock Charts How to Buy Stocks How to Sell Stocks Swing Trading Educational Resources New to IBD IBD Meetups Ask IBD Investor's Corner IBD Key Terms IBD Live Workshops IBD Home Study Courses Webinars Leaderboard Swing Trader MarketSmith Store BREAKING: Stocks Fall After Nasdaq Hits Record High  |  Nordstrom Mulls 'Going Private'  |  Alibaba Spikes On Hot Growth Forecast News Shopping Cart Your cart is currently empty. Visit the IBD Store to get started. Market Trend Market Trend The Big Picture Stock Market Today IBD's ETF Market Strategy Psychological Market Indicators Stock Lists Stock Lists My Stock Lists IBD Big Cap 20 IPO Leaders Stocks Near A Buy Zone IBD 50 New Highs Global Leaders Your Weekly Review Sector Leaders Relative Strength at New High Rising Profit Estimates Tech Leaders Stock Spotlight CAN SLIM Select Stocks that Funds are Buying IBD Data Tables Stocks On The Move Research Stock Research IBD Stock Checkup IBD Charts ETFs & Funds Investing Action Plan The Income Investor ETF Center Earnings Preview Industry Snapshot IBD Industry Themes Earnings Calendar Short Selling Futures & Options IBD Stock Analysis Swing Trading Bonds The New America IBD Data Stories Premium Investing Tools Leaderboard Swing Trader eTables Top Rated Stocks Under $10 MarketSmith News NEWS eIBD Best ETFs Technology ETF Leaders Click Tech Blog Best Mutual Funds FANG Stocks News Economy Retirement Economic Calendar Personal Finance Real Estate Financial Advisor Briefing Special Reports Management Industry News Pages Politics Politics Editorials Trump News & Tweets Commentary The Trump Economy Columnists Economic Optimism Index Policy & Analysis IBD/TIPP Poll IBD Videos Investing Videos Home Study Programs How to Invest Lesson Topics Getting Started with IBD The CAN SLIM Investing System How to Time the Stock Market How to Find and Evaluate Stocks How to Read Stock Charts How to Buy Stocks How to Sell Stocks Swing Trading Educational Resources New to IBD IBD Meetups Ask IBD Investor's Corner IBD Key Terms IBD Live Workshops IBD Home Study Courses Webinars Leaderboard Swing Trader MarketSmith Store Hi MY IBD SIGN OUT My Products My Favorites My Stock Lists Edit Sign In Shopping Cart Hi SIGN OUT My Products My Favorites Edit My Stock Lists Technology Apple Cut On Post-iPhone 8 Risks; Snap's Price Target Cropped REINHARDT KRAUSE 6/05/2017 Reprints XAutoplay: On | Off Apple (AAPL) was downgraded to sector weight on views that investors are underestimating gross margin risks or the potential for iPhone sales to decline in fiscal 2019; Veeva Systems (VEEV) was cut to equal weight; Snapchat parent Snap got a price target cut while analysts raised price targets on ServiceNow (NOW) and Salesforce.com (CRM). Apple Pacific Crest Securities downgraded Apple to sector weight. Apple stock fell 1.1% to 153.774 in early trading in the stock market today. "At current levels, we believe investors are anticipating an extremely strong iPhone 8 cycle, while giving relatively little weight to risks around gross margins, elasticity, supply issues, or the likelihood for declines beyond the iPhone 8 cycle," said Andy Hargreaves, a Pacific Crest analyst in a report. Apple's Worldwide Developers Conference (WWDC) starts today. Instead, Pacific Crest recommends investors buy Alphabet (GOOGL) shares instead. Pacific Crest, which has an 1,100 price target on Alphabet, which has an excellent risk/reward profile." Alphabet shares rose 0.4% to 1,000, hitting that key level for the first time. RELATED: Apple Readies Second New Hardware Category Under CEO Tim Cook Snap JPMorgan Chase lowered its price target on social media firm Snap 18 from 20. Snapchat's parent came public at 17 and hit a peak of 29.44 on its second of trading, but closed Friday at 21.09. Snap shares fell 2% to 20.66 in morning trade. Veeva Systems Morgan Stanley downgraded the medical software maker to equal weight from overweight. Shares in Veeva, No. 3 in the IBD 50, slipped 1.7% to 65.57 in early trading. The stock last week hit a record high after Veeva reported what one analyst called "another exceptional quarter" and issued Street-topping guidance. RELATED: IBD 50 Stock Veeva Flies To Record High On 'Another Exceptional Quarter' Gigamon Needham & Co. hiked its price target on Gigamon (GIMO) to 50 from 34 after Reuters reported that the network monitoring software firm has hired Goldman Sachs to explore "strategic options," including a sale. Gigamon might be worth 47-55 a share in a sale, according to Stifel. Activist investor Elliot Management recently took a stake in the company. Gigamon shares rose 11% to 43.70 intraday. RELATED: Gigamon Stock Jumps On Activist Investor Elliott Management Stake ServiceNow Barclays hiked ServiceNow's price target to 115 from 107. Shares in the enterprise software provider rose 0.1% to 107.40 intraday. ServiceNow sells software for information technology service management (ITSM); basically, that consists of IT help-desk tools for tracking internal company issues. ServiceNow has expanded into human resources, customer service management, and security. Shares in ServiceNow have shot up 44% in 2017. RELATED: ServiceNow Price Target Hiked On Improving Margins, Cash Flow In other analyst moves, Piper Jaffray hiked its price target on Salesforce.com (CRM) to 110 from 105. RBC Capital hiked price its price target on Canada Goose (GOOS) to 33 from 25 after the recent IPO topped earnings views on Friday. Barclays hiked its price target on Deere & Co. (DE) to 100 from 90. BTIG Research reduced Commscope Holdings's (COMM) price target to 47 from 49. REINHARDT KRAUSE | Facebook | @IBD_RKrause Share this: Related news June’s poll revealed increased optimism about the near-term direction for the economy and deeper pessimism about federal policies. (©Dmitrijs Dmitrijevs - Fotolia/stock.adobe.com) IBD/TIPP Poll Finds Record Optimism Gap Between Sexes, Races 10:00 AM ET June’s poll reveal increased optimism about the near-term direction for the economy, deeper pessimism about federal policies and unprecedented gender... 10:00 AM ET June’s poll reveal increased optimism about the near-term direction for... Futures: This New IPO Is Set For First Breakout After Strong Q1 FANG Stocks News & Quotes: Facebook, Amazon, Netflix, Google Earnings Calendar, Analyst Estimates And Stocks To Watch IPO Stock News And Analysis: Find Today's Top New Issues Stocks Dodge Oil Dilemma, End Higher As China-Names Rally 300% EPS Growth May Drive Clean Breakout For This IPO Stock Amazon's Reentry Into Smartphones Signals Battle For India E-Commerce Delphi To Use Mobileye Tech In Self-Driving Taxi Pact Today's Spotlight Try Leaderboard IBD Leaderboard is outperforming the S&P 500 by 27%. Start a 2-week FREE trial. IBD Trading Summit Attend a Summit in Boston (6/10) or St. Louis (6/24) to learn about swing trading and growth stocks! Let’s Stay in Touch! Get Free Emails on: Educational Content, Invitations to Special Events, Exclusive Offers and More! More News 3 Big Events, 2 China Plays, 1 Bitcoin Chip Stock: Investing Action Plan 'Star Wars,' 'Call of Duty,' Scorpio Vying To Be Top Guns At E3 Show Trade the Markets You Already Know with Limited Risk Promoted Content By Nadex Special Report IBD/TIPP Poll: Presidential Approval, Direction Of Country Trump's standing in the overall Presidential Leadership Index slipped in June, but his numbers remain above the low they hit in April. TRADING CENTER INVESTING RESOURCES SUBSCRIBE TO THE IBD DIGITAL EDITION Get 4 free weeks of the IBD Digital edition plus access to IBD's exclusive market analysis, proprietary stock ratings and interactive tools. WATCH, LEARN AND LISTEN WITH IBD VIDEOS Stay on top of the market with IBD's exclusive videos. You will find the latest news, market analysis, and education to help you become a more successful investor. GETTING STARTED WITH IBD Get the most out of IBD's products and features by learning the CAN SLIM Investing System and staying in sync with the market trend. IBD Stock Charts IBD Stock Checkup Stock Quotes CAN SLIM Advisors MarketSmith How to Buy Stocks How to Read Stock Charts When to Sell Stocks IBD Retail Locations Ad Choices About Us Advertising Contact Us Terms & Privacy Policy Site Map IBD Stock Charts IBD Stock Checkup Stock Quotes CAN SLIM Advisors MarketSmith How to Buy Stocks How to Read Stock Charts When to Sell Stocks IBD Retail Locations Ad Choices Stock Market Today The Big Picture Economic Calendar Investing Workshops New to IBD Economy Technology Politics Editorials Co-Browse Connect With Us On Notice: Information contained herein is not and should not be construed as an offer, solicitation, or recommendation to buy or sell securities. The information has been obtained from sources we believe to be reliable; however no guarantee is made or implied with respect to its accuracy, timeliness, or completeness. Authors may own the stocks they discuss. The information and content are subject to change without notice. *Real-time prices by Bats®. Volume delayed. Real-time quote and/or trade prices are not sourced from all markets. © 2000-2017 Investor's Business Daily, Inc. All rights reserved
Home Mail Flickr Tumblr News Sports Finance Celebrity Answers Groups Mobile More Try Yahoo Finance on Firefox » Yahoo Search Search Sign in Finance Home Originals Events Personal Finance Technology Markets Industries My Screeners My Portfolio U.S. Markets close in 5 hrs 58 mins S&P 500 2,432.90 -0.24 (-0.01%) Dow 30 21,186.62 +12.93 (+0.06%) Nasdaq 6,296.60 -0.78 (-0.01%) Money Basics: What's your net worth? Yahoo Finance June 5, 2017 Reblog Share Tweet Share Welcome to Money Basics, Yahoo Finance’s new personal finance series offering quick explanations for some of the most important terms involving your money. When you hear that people like JPMorgan CEO Jamie Dimon are “worth millions,” do you wonder how much you’re worth? It’s a pretty simple formula to find out. Your net worth is the value of everything you own minus everything you owe. A simple formula First, add up everything you owe. These are called liabilities. Liabilities include things like mortgages, car loans, credit cards, student loans, medical bills and back taxes. Next add up everything you own. These are called assets. Assets include things like your investments, life insurance, fine jewelry and the market value of a home or a car. So, now you’ve got two numbers. Subtract your liabilities from your assets, and that gives you your net worth. A positive number means you own more than you owe—and that’s a great thing! A negative number means you owe more than you own, but don’t panic. You’re not alone. According to the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, one in seven households has either zero or negative net worth. Hey, nice net worth!More What it means It could mean you need to work on your budgeting or cut back on expenses. It could also mean you’re young and haven’t had much time since graduating college to really tackle your student loans. Either way, once you know your net worth, you can really focus on improving it. It’s good to calculate your net worth every once in a while. Every time you check your net worth your goal should be for it to be higher than it was the last time you checked. That’s an indicator of good financial health. Knowing your net worth is a good first step to taking control of your money. • What is a credit report anyway? • What is APR? • What’s the Dow Jones? • What’s the NASDAQ?   Reblog Share Tweet Share Recently Viewed Your list is empty. What to Read Next 3 'really bad facts' are hurting the US economy, according to JPMorgan CEO Dimon CNBC This student debt strategy can save you more than $18,600 CNBC Jamie Dimon says millions of men missing from labor market is big problem for economy MarketWatch Gal Gadot's Net Worth Revealed International Business Times Why CEOs Aren't Giving Up on Trump Just Yet The Street Social media explodes over Comey testimony CNBC After nearly 10 years as a financial planner, the first 2 questions I ask every client have nothing to do with money Business Insider Sears is closing 72 stores — here's the full list Business Insider Oil Prices Collapse As The EIA Reports Unexpected Inventory Build Oilprice.com What to Watch in the Markets Thursday, June 8 Yahoo Finance Video Infrastructure stocks aren't buying Trump's infrastructure talk Yahoo Finance 10 ways you’re wasting money on travel Yahoo Finance Why Amazon decided to offer an even cheaper version of Prime Yahoo Finance Stephen Curry has a great perspective on having a smaller salary than 81 other NBA players Business Insider Alibaba's Stock Has Surged 42% This Year, Making One Big Event This Week Must Watch The Street Yext CEO: Still in the "early innings" of growth Yahoo Finance Video Social media explodes over Comey testimony stormhawk31: Seriously, how many times, and by how many knowledgeable people, both Republican and Democrat, do you idiots have to be told "There is absolutely no evidence of ANY 'collusion'", before you get it? Trump isn't even under investigation, and NEVER has been. I mean, do you idiots even understand English? Apparently not. Join the Conversation 1 / 5 181
HOME EDITION News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance Etf Street Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Tech Guide Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows Watch Live CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Full Episodes More Log In | Register Log Out News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Consumer Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Take a Tour Subscribe Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance Etf Street Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Tech Guide Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Special Reports Iconic Tour Trading the World CNBC Disruptor 50 Lasting Legacy Modern Medicine Portfolio Perspective College Game Plan Investing in: Israel Tech Drivers The Brave Ones Trading Nation Shaping the future Future Opportunities Original Series Executive Edge Trading Nation Futures Now Retire Well The Pulse @ 1 Market The Bottom Line CNBC Events Davos Delivering Alpha eMerge Americas iCONIC Conference Cambridge Cyber Summit Sohn Conference Follow CNBC EDITION Register Log In Profile Email Preferences PRO Sign Out Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Take a Tour Subscribe LIVE TV Watch CNBC TV Watch CNBC Pro Watchlist X × × × × Markets US EU Asia Oil Bonds Gold Several events will test the stock market this week Jeff Cox | @JeffCoxCNBCcom Sunday, 4 Jun 2017 | 10:54 PM ETCNBC.com SHARES show chapters Market hits new highs despite political bickering    Monday, 5 Jun 2017 | 6:11 AM ET | 02:42 The investing world heads into the first full week of June with a slew of events that will test the market's mettle. Primarily, the action will be focused around Washington and other global capitals for a look ahead on how the economy is shaping up. Neither rain nor sleet nor a real bummer of a May jobs report could derail the market last week, so it will be interesting to see how investors react to this week's news. Christophe Morin | Bloomberg | Getty Images Jamie Dimon, chief executive officer of JPMorgan Chase & Co. The business perspective Tuesday might turn out to be the most interesting day of the week. That's when the Business Roundtable will release its 2017 CEO Economic Outlook survey that will provide clues on what the titans of industry think about the road ahead. The survey will indicate what plans companies have for capital spending, their expectations for sales and whether they will be hiring. Last Friday's nonfarm payrolls report, which showed growth of just 138,000, cast doubt on how robust the employment climate will be. In addition to Tuesday's presentation, the roundtable on Wednesday will talk about the job "skills gap," or the difficulty employers are having finding workers qualified for open positions. JPMorgan Chase CEO Jamie Dimon leads the group and will be joined Wednesday by Ginni Romerty of IBM, Wes Bush of Northrop Grumman and Labor Secretary Alexander Acosta. On the legislative front Meanwhile, Congress and President Donald Trump will have a full slate of items to consider with far-reaching consequences. The highlight of the week is an expected vote on the Financial Choice Act, a measure that would roll back reforms to the banking industry made after the financial crisis and the Great Recession. Among other things, the bill would limit the government's ability to declare big institutions "too big to fail" and would cut annual stress tests to every two years. In addition, the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau also would face substantial changes, and likely would change restrictions banks face on trading for their own benefit. Bank stocks were the big winners after Trump's election, surging nearly 30 percent at one point. However, their fortunes have changed lately and they're down as a group nearly 9 percent over the last three months. Anadolu Agency | Getty Images Former FBI director, James Comey. The Russia probe Not that the markets seem to care, but there remains this small matter in Washington over allegations that Trump campaign principals had improper contact with Russia. This week could provide some real drama in that regard. The big day will be Thursday, when former FBI Director James Comey will testify. None of this Russia business has had a tangible effect on the markets so far. But if Comey comes into that room with some type of smoking gun regarding collusion, or efforts by Trump to get Comey to back off on the investigation while he ran the bureau, that might make investors finally care about instability in the White House. Busy week for the economy The beginning of the month means we start another round of economic data, and there's a ton of it ahead. A quick glance: Monday: Nonfarm productivity, unit labor costs, ISM non-manufacturing, factory orders and durable goods. Tuesday: Job Openings and Labor Turnover Survey, or JOLTS, a preferred indicator for Fed policy makers. Wednesday: Consumer credit Thursday: Quarterly services survey, an under-the-radar indicator that can influence GDP outlook for economists. Friday: Wholesale inventories. In addition, the European Central Bank on Thursday will issue its latest statement on monetary policy. And UK elections will take place the same day; an upset of Prime Minister Theresa May most certainly would carry reverberations. A final word Though there was much chattering about Friday's jobs report, the stock market actually rose during the session, which seems counterintuitive for such an important indicator. Or maybe not. Voya Global Perspectives offers this take on why the market actually liked the anemic job growth: I refer to it as "Goldilocks" since it is not too hot and not too cold to force the Fed to change course at their June FOMC meeting where I expect a 25 basis point rate hike. The modest report likely gives the Fed room to pause through the next few meetings. Very market friendly indeed. Investing's a funny game. Here's to a big week ahead! Jeff CoxFinance Editor To view this site, you need to have JavaScript enabled in your browser, and either the Flash Plugin or an HTML5-Video enabled browser. Download the latest Flash player and try again. Playing Share this video... × Watch Next...
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Londonmetric Property PLC - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Londonmetric Property PLC with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Analyzing Global Eagle Entertainment (ENT) & Comcast (CMCSK) CIGNA Co. (CI) Upgraded to Buy at ValuEngine Kopin (KOPN) versus Qorvo (QRVO) Financial Contrast Pacer Advisors Inc. Has $339,000 Stake in Regions Financial Corp (RF) Buckingham Capital Management Inc. Reduces Position in Delta Air Lines, Inc. (DAL) Illumina, Inc. (ILMN) Shares Bought by Nordea Investment Management AB Casey's General Stores Inc (CASY) Stake Boosted by Nordea Investment Management AB 25,494 Shares in Weibo Corp (WB) Acquired by Nordea Investment Management AB Tortoise Investment Management LLC Sells 765 Shares of Delta Air Lines, Inc. (DAL) Mason Street Advisors LLC Purchases 520 Shares of BancorpSouth, Inc. (BXS) Pacer Advisors Inc. Purchases 44 Shares of Essex Property Trust Inc (ESS) Pacer Advisors Inc. Purchases 1,080 Shares of Clean Harbors Inc (CLH) Pacer Advisors Inc. Purchases New Position in Science Applications International Corp (SAIC) Pacer Advisors Inc. Has $338,000 Stake in Ciena Co. (CIEN) Envestnet Asset Management Inc. Sells 624 Shares of ICU Medical (ICUI) Mercantile Bank Corp. (MBWM) Expected to Announce Quarterly Sales of $31.16 Million Tata Motors Limited (TTM) Earns News Sentiment Rating of -0.07 USD Partners (USDP) Earning Somewhat Negative News Coverage, AlphaOne Reports Parke Bancorp (PKBK) Getting Somewhat Negative Media Coverage, Study Shows Dwight D. Churchill Sells 3,277 Shares of Affiliated Managers Group, Inc. (AMG) Stock Peel Hunt Raises Londonmetric Property PLC (LMP) Price Target to GBX 180 June 5th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Trevor Kearing Filed Under: Analyst Articles - UK - Finance Tweet Londonmetric Property PLC (LON:LMP) had its price objective raised by Peel Hunt from GBX 170 ($2.18) to GBX 180 ($2.31) in a research report sent to investors on Wednesday. They currently have an add rating on the stock. LMP has been the subject of several other research reports. Liberum Capital reiterated a hold rating and issued a GBX 155 ($1.99) price objective on shares of Londonmetric Property PLC in a report on Friday, February 3rd. Jefferies Group LLC increased their price objective on Londonmetric Property PLC from GBX 160 ($2.06) to GBX 170 ($2.18) and gave the stock a hold rating in a report on Wednesday, April 26th. Numis Securities Ltd reiterated a hold rating and issued a GBX 150 ($1.93) price objective on shares of Londonmetric Property PLC in a report on Thursday, March 23rd. JPMorgan Chase & Co. reiterated an overweight rating and issued a GBX 175 ($2.25) price objective on shares of Londonmetric Property PLC in a report on Friday, March 31st. Finally, HSBC Holdings plc upgraded Londonmetric Property PLC to a buy rating and increased their price objective for the stock from GBX 163 ($2.09) to GBX 166 ($2.13) in a report on Thursday, March 30th. One research analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, four have issued a hold rating and two have assigned a buy rating to the stock. The company presently has an average rating of Hold and an average target price of GBX 166.71 ($2.14). Shares of Londonmetric Property PLC (LON:LMP) opened at 167.98 on Wednesday. Londonmetric Property PLC has a one year low of GBX 133.90 and a one year high of GBX 172.10. The firm has a 50-day moving average price of GBX 167.68 and a 200-day moving average price of GBX 154.92. The company’s market capitalization is GBX 1.05 billion. TRADEMARK VIOLATION NOTICE: This piece of content was originally posted by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are viewing this piece of content on another domain, it was stolen and reposted in violation of U.S. & international copyright & trademark laws. The correct version of this piece of content can be accessed at https://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/06/05/peel-hunt-raises-londonmetric-property-plc-lmp-price-target-to-gbx-180.html. The company also recently announced a dividend, which will be paid on Monday, July 10th. Stockholders of record on Thursday, June 8th will be paid a GBX 2.10 ($0.03) dividend. This represents a dividend yield of 1.25%. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Thursday, June 8th. This is a boost from Londonmetric Property PLC’s previous dividend of $1.80. In other news, insider Andrew Livingston bought 32,895 shares of the stock in a transaction dated Thursday, March 23rd. The stock was bought at an average price of GBX 152 ($1.95) per share, for a total transaction of £50,000.40 ($64,226.59). Also, insider Patrick Vaughan sold 15,500 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Wednesday, May 31st. The shares were sold at an average price of GBX 169 ($2.17), for a total value of £26,195 ($33,648.04). Londonmetric Property PLC Company Profile LondonMetric Property Plc is a property investment and development company. The Company’s segments include Retail, Distribution, Offices, Residential and Development. The Company is involved in retailer-led distribution, out of town and convenience retail. The Company’s portfolio includes distribution and retail businesses across the United Kingdom. Receive News & Ratings for Londonmetric Property PLC Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Londonmetric Property PLC and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Jeff Sessions Spoke of Resigning After Tensions Increase with Trump President Trump’s Tweets Complicate Already Complicated Week World Leaders Very Critical of Paris Agreement Decision by Trump Aide to President Trump Resigns With More Expected Scud-Class Missile Launched by North Korea © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Londonmetric Property PLC - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Londonmetric Property PLC with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News David Godfrey Sells 1,425 Shares of Gartner Inc (IT) Stock ACK Asset Management LLC Has $12.59 Million Position in Continental Building Products Inc (CBPX) MFA Financial, Inc. (MFA) Position Cut by Weiss Asset Management LP BMC Stock Holdings Inc (BMCH) Shares Bought by ACK Asset Management LLC ACK Asset Management LLC Buys Shares of 435,000 Astronics Co. (ATRO) 177,690 Shares in Rush Enterprises, Inc. (RUSHA) Acquired by ACK Asset Management LLC Advanced Drainage Systems Inc (WMS) Stake Increased by ACK Asset Management LLC Builders FirstSource, Inc. (BLDR) Shares Sold by Stadium Capital Management LLC Banque Pictet & Cie SA Raises Position in IPG Photonics Co. (IPGP) ACK Asset Management LLC Takes Position in Herc Holdings Inc (HRI) S. Muoio & CO. LLC Continues to Hold Position in Cable One Inc (CABO) S. Muoio & CO. LLC Acquires New Stake in Allied World Assurance Company Holdings Ltd (AWH) Weiss Asset Management LP Sells 4,145 Shares of New Senior Investment Group Inc (SNR) ACK Asset Management LLC Continues to Hold Position in Verint Systems Inc. (VRNT) CYS Investments Inc (CYS) Position Reduced by Weiss Asset Management LP 231,200 Shares in Stillwater Mining Company (SWC) Acquired by S. Muoio & CO. LLC General Dynamics (GD) Receives Daily News Impact Rating of 0.19 Greif (GEF) Receives Media Impact Score of 0.17 Somewhat Favorable News Coverage Very Likely to Affect Sabine Oil & Gas Corp (FST) Share Price New Relic Inc (NEWR) CFO Mark Sachleben Sells 3,500 Shares Londonmetric Property PLC (LMP) PT Raised to GBX 185 June 5th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Latisha Jones Filed Under: Analyst Articles - UK - Finance Tweet Londonmetric Property PLC (LON:LMP) had its target price boosted by analysts at Jefferies Group LLC from GBX 170 ($2.18) to GBX 185 ($2.38) in a report issued on Thursday. The brokerage presently has a “hold” rating on the stock. Jefferies Group LLC’s price objective would indicate a potential upside of 9.08% from the stock’s current price. Other equities research analysts also recently issued research reports about the company. Peel Hunt increased their price objective on Londonmetric Property PLC from GBX 170 ($2.18) to GBX 180 ($2.31) and gave the company an “add” rating in a report on Wednesday, May 31st. Numis Securities Ltd reissued a “hold” rating and issued a GBX 152 ($1.95) price objective on shares of Londonmetric Property PLC in a report on Wednesday, May 31st. JPMorgan Chase & Co. reissued an “overweight” rating and issued a GBX 175 ($2.25) price objective on shares of Londonmetric Property PLC in a report on Thursday. HSBC Holdings plc raised Londonmetric Property PLC to a “buy” rating and increased their price objective for the company from GBX 163 ($2.09) to GBX 166 ($2.13) in a report on Thursday, March 30th. Finally, Liberum Capital reissued a “hold” rating and issued a GBX 155 ($1.99) price objective on shares of Londonmetric Property PLC in a report on Monday, March 13th. One analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, four have given a hold rating and two have issued a buy rating to the stock. The stock has a consensus rating of “Hold” and a consensus price target of GBX 166.71 ($2.14). Londonmetric Property PLC (LON:LMP) opened at 167.98 on Thursday. The company’s market cap is GBX 1.05 billion. The stock has a 50 day moving average of GBX 167.68 and a 200-day moving average of GBX 154.92. Londonmetric Property PLC has a 52-week low of GBX 133.90 and a 52-week high of GBX 172.10. The firm also recently declared a dividend, which will be paid on Monday, July 10th. Shareholders of record on Thursday, June 8th will be issued a dividend of GBX 2.10 ($0.03) per share. This is an increase from Londonmetric Property PLC’s previous dividend of $1.80. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Thursday, June 8th. This represents a yield of 1.25%. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY NOTICE: “Londonmetric Property PLC (LMP) PT Raised to GBX 185” was reported by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are accessing this story on another site, it was stolen and republished in violation of U.S. and international trademark & copyright law. The original version of this story can be viewed at https://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/06/05/londonmetric-property-plc-lmp-pt-raised-to-gbx-185.html. In other Londonmetric Property PLC news, insider Patrick Vaughan sold 15,500 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction on Wednesday, May 31st. The stock was sold at an average price of GBX 169 ($2.17), for a total transaction of £26,195 ($33,648.04). Also, insider Andrew Livingston purchased 32,895 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction on Thursday, March 23rd. The shares were acquired at an average cost of GBX 152 ($1.95) per share, with a total value of £50,000.40 ($64,226.59). Londonmetric Property PLC Company Profile LondonMetric Property Plc is a property investment and development company. The Company’s segments include Retail, Distribution, Offices, Residential and Development. The Company is involved in retailer-led distribution, out of town and convenience retail. The Company’s portfolio includes distribution and retail businesses across the United Kingdom. Receive News & Ratings for Londonmetric Property PLC Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Londonmetric Property PLC and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Trump’s Tweets Complicate Already Complicated Week World Leaders Very Critical of Paris Agreement Decision by Trump Aide to President Trump Resigns With More Expected Scud-Class Missile Launched by North Korea Travel Ban Dealt Another Blow by Appeals Court © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Royal Bank of Scotland Group plc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Royal Bank of Scotland Group plc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Stephens Inc. AR Acquires Shares of 46,661 Wolverine World Wide, Inc. (WWW) Stephens Investment Management Group LLC Acquires 889 Shares of IPG Photonics Co. (IPGP) Stephens Inc. AR Buys New Position in AerCap Holdings (AER) Level 3 Communications, Inc. (LVLT) is Front Street Capital Management Inc.’s 2nd Largest Position Stephens Investment Management Group LLC Acquires Shares of 137,656 Allegiance Bancshares Inc (ABTX) Stephens Inc. AR Buys 109 Shares of Middleby Corp (MIDD) Stephens Investment Management Group LLC Has $12.06 Million Position in MiMedx Group Inc (MDXG) iRobot Co. (IRBT) Shares Sold by Turner Investments LLC Turner Investments LLC Takes Position in Builders FirstSource, Inc. (BLDR) Bar Harbor Bankshares (BHB) Insider Sells $30,000.00 in Stock EPR Properties (EPR) Lowered to Hold at ValuEngine FelCor Lodging Trust Incorporated (FCH) Downgraded by ValuEngine to Buy Everi Holdings Inc (EVRI) Upgraded to Hold at ValuEngine Gagnon Securities LLC Has $1.13 Million Stake in Chipotle Mexican Grill, Inc. (CMG) TechnipFMC plc Ordinary Share (FTI) Lowered to “Hold” at ValuEngine Federated Investors Inc (FII) Lowered to “Hold” at ValuEngine GasLog Ltd (GLOG) Upgraded to “Hold” at ValuEngine First Potomac Realty Trust (FPO) Downgraded to “Buy” at ValuEngine Entergy Co. (ETR) Downgraded to Hold at ValuEngine Royce & Associates LP Cuts Stake in Anixter International Inc. (AXE) Royal Bank of Scotland Group plc (RBS) Rating Reiterated by Goldman Sachs Group Inc June 5th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Patrick Bannon Filed Under: Analyst Articles - UK - Finance Tweet Goldman Sachs Group Inc reaffirmed their neutral rating on shares of Royal Bank of Scotland Group plc (LON:RBS) in a research note published on Tuesday. They currently have a GBX 285 ($3.66) price target on the financial services provider’s stock. Other equities analysts have also recently issued reports about the stock. HSBC Holdings plc raised their target price on shares of Royal Bank of Scotland Group plc from GBX 160 ($2.06) to GBX 210 ($2.70) and gave the company a reduce rating in a research note on Monday, February 6th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. reaffirmed an underweight rating and set a GBX 210 ($2.70) target price on shares of Royal Bank of Scotland Group plc in a research note on Monday, February 27th. BNP Paribas raised shares of Royal Bank of Scotland Group plc to a neutral rating and set a GBX 265 ($3.40) target price for the company in a research note on Friday, March 24th. Shore Capital reaffirmed a hold rating on shares of Royal Bank of Scotland Group plc in a research note on Friday, April 28th. Finally, Deutsche Bank AG raised their target price on shares of Royal Bank of Scotland Group plc from GBX 220 ($2.83) to GBX 252 ($3.24) and gave the company a hold rating in a research note on Monday, February 20th. Seven analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, eight have assigned a hold rating and three have given a buy rating to the stock. Royal Bank of Scotland Group plc has an average rating of Hold and an average target price of GBX 236.11 ($3.03). Shares of Royal Bank of Scotland Group plc (LON:RBS) opened at 260.60 on Tuesday. The company’s market capitalization is GBX 30.79 billion. Royal Bank of Scotland Group plc has a 12-month low of GBX 148.40 and a 12-month high of GBX 271.00. The stock’s 50 day moving average is GBX 256.57 and its 200-day moving average is GBX 234.86. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY WARNING: “Royal Bank of Scotland Group plc (RBS) Rating Reiterated by Goldman Sachs Group Inc” was first published by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are viewing this report on another site, it was stolen and reposted in violation of United States and international trademark and copyright law. The legal version of this report can be viewed at https://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/06/05/royal-bank-of-scotland-group-plc-rbs-rating-reiterated-by-goldman-sachs-group-inc.html. In related news, insider Ross McEwan purchased 187,674 shares of Royal Bank of Scotland Group plc stock in a transaction that occurred on Friday, May 12th. The shares were bought at an average price of GBX 266 ($3.42) per share, with a total value of £499,212.84 ($641,249.63). Royal Bank of Scotland Group plc Company Profile The Royal Bank of Scotland Group plc (RBS) is a banking and financial services company. The Company provides a range of products and services to personal, commercial, corporate and institutional customers, through its subsidiaries, The Royal Bank of Scotland plc and National Westminster Bank Plc (NatWest), as well as through other brands, including Ulster Bank and Coutts. Receive News & Ratings for Royal Bank of Scotland Group plc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Royal Bank of Scotland Group plc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Trump’s Tweets Complicate Already Complicated Week World Leaders Very Critical of Paris Agreement Decision by Trump Aide to President Trump Resigns With More Expected Scud-Class Missile Launched by North Korea Travel Ban Dealt Another Blow by Appeals Court © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Lancashire Holdings Limited - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Lancashire Holdings Limited with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Forward Pharma A/S (FWP) Earns Daily Media Sentiment Score of 0.37 Covenant Transportation Group (CVTI) Earns Daily Coverage Optimism Rating of 0.37 Positive News Coverage Somewhat Likely to Impact International Paper (IP) Stock Price Cortina Asset Management LLC Purchases 75,879 Shares of Entellus Medical Inc (ENTL) Cortina Asset Management LLC Sells 17,566 Shares of Covenant Transportation Group, Inc. (CVTI) Fiesta Restaurant Group (FRGI) Getting Favorable Media Coverage, Study Finds United Services Automobile Association Cuts Stake in Forrester Research, Inc. (FORR) Van ECK Associates Corp Purchases 50,868 Shares of Solar Capital Ltd. (SLRC) Genco Shipping & Trading Limited Ordinary Shares New (Marshall Islands) (GNK) Getting Positive Press Coverage, Report Shows Credit Agricole S A Boosts Stake in Papa John's Int'l, Inc. (PZZA) Bank of Commerce Holdings (BOCH) Upgraded to “Buy” at ValuEngine Bryn Mawr Bank Corp. (BMTC) Upgraded by ValuEngine to “Buy” Cna Financial Corp (CNA) Upgraded at Zacks Investment Research BNC Bancorp (BNCN) Upgraded to “Buy” at ValuEngine Analysts Set Aramark (ARMK) PT at $42.70 Marcus & Millichap Inc (MMI) Downgraded to “Hold” at ValuEngine MEDNAX Inc (MD) Downgraded by ValuEngine to “Hold” Murphy Oil Co. (MUR) Lowered to Sell at ValuEngine Magna International Inc. (MGA) Downgraded to “Buy” at ValuEngine MGIC Investment Corp. (MTG) Upgraded by ValuEngine to “Strong-Buy” Peel Hunt Reiterates “Add” Rating for Lancashire Holdings Limited (LRE) June 5th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Latisha Jones Filed Under: Analyst Articles - UK - Finance Tweet Lancashire Holdings Limited (LON:LRE)‘s stock had its “add” rating restated by stock analysts at Peel Hunt in a note issued to investors on Monday. They presently have a GBX 725 ($9.31) price target on the stock. Peel Hunt’s target price would indicate a potential upside of 3.72% from the stock’s previous close. Several other brokerages have also weighed in on LRE. Canaccord Genuity upped their target price on Lancashire Holdings Limited from GBX 600 ($7.71) to GBX 630 ($8.09) and gave the stock a “sell” rating in a research report on Friday, February 17th. Macquarie upped their target price on Lancashire Holdings Limited from GBX 489 ($6.28) to GBX 530 ($6.81) and gave the stock an “underperform” rating in a research report on Monday, February 20th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. reaffirmed an “underweight” rating and issued a GBX 595 ($7.64) target price on shares of Lancashire Holdings Limited in a research report on Thursday, March 16th. Shore Capital reaffirmed a “buy” rating on shares of Lancashire Holdings Limited in a research report on Thursday, May 4th. Finally, Numis Securities Ltd reaffirmed a “hold” rating and issued a GBX 775 ($9.96) target price on shares of Lancashire Holdings Limited in a research report on Thursday, May 4th. Three analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, seven have issued a hold rating and two have issued a buy rating to the company. The company has a consensus rating of “Hold” and an average price target of GBX 665.18 ($8.54). Lancashire Holdings Limited (LON:LRE) opened at 697.00 on Monday. The firm’s market capitalization is GBX 1.39 billion. The company’s 50-day moving average price is GBX 684.67 and its 200 day moving average price is GBX 681.71. Lancashire Holdings Limited has a 52-week low of GBX 467.00 and a 52-week high of GBX 775.00. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION WARNING: This news story was originally published by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are accessing this news story on another publication, it was illegally stolen and reposted in violation of United States and international copyright & trademark law. The correct version of this news story can be viewed at https://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/06/05/peel-hunt-reiterates-add-rating-for-lancashire-holdings-limited-lre.html. In other news, insider Alex Maloney sold 59,539 shares of the stock in a transaction dated Wednesday, March 29th. The stock was sold at an average price of GBX 672 ($8.63), for a total transaction of £400,102.08 ($513,939.73). About Lancashire Holdings Limited Lancashire Holdings Limited is a holding company. The Company’s principal activity, through its subsidiaries, is the provision of global specialty insurance and reinsurance products. The Company operates through five segments: Property, Energy, Marine, Aviation and Lloyd’s. It underwrites worldwide, insurance and reinsurance contracts that transfer insurance risk, including risks exposed to both natural and man-made catastrophes. Receive News & Ratings for Lancashire Holdings Limited Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Lancashire Holdings Limited and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Trump’s Tweets Complicate Already Complicated Week World Leaders Very Critical of Paris Agreement Decision by Trump Aide to President Trump Resigns With More Expected Scud-Class Missile Launched by North Korea Travel Ban Dealt Another Blow by Appeals Court © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Beazley PLC - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Beazley PLC with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News 180 Degree Capital Corp (TURN) Chairman Buys $16,141.70 in Stock First Commonwealth Financial (FCF) Director Acquires $16,800.00 in Stock Insider Selling: Power Integrations Inc (POWI) VP Sells $13,759.60 in Stock Perry Ellis International, Inc. (PERY) Downgraded by ValuEngine to Hold Obalon Therapeutics Inc (OBLN) Upgraded by ValuEngine to Sell Parke Bancorp, Inc. (PKBK) Upgraded by ValuEngine to Buy Forward Pharma A/S (FWP) Earns Daily Media Sentiment Score of 0.37 Covenant Transportation Group (CVTI) Earns Daily Coverage Optimism Rating of 0.37 Positive News Coverage Somewhat Likely to Impact International Paper (IP) Stock Price Cortina Asset Management LLC Purchases 75,879 Shares of Entellus Medical Inc (ENTL) Cortina Asset Management LLC Sells 17,566 Shares of Covenant Transportation Group, Inc. (CVTI) Fiesta Restaurant Group (FRGI) Getting Favorable Media Coverage, Study Finds United Services Automobile Association Cuts Stake in Forrester Research, Inc. (FORR) Van ECK Associates Corp Purchases 50,868 Shares of Solar Capital Ltd. (SLRC) Genco Shipping & Trading Limited Ordinary Shares New (Marshall Islands) (GNK) Getting Positive Press Coverage, Report Shows Credit Agricole S A Boosts Stake in Papa John's Int'l, Inc. (PZZA) Bank of Commerce Holdings (BOCH) Upgraded to “Buy” at ValuEngine Bryn Mawr Bank Corp. (BMTC) Upgraded by ValuEngine to “Buy” Cna Financial Corp (CNA) Upgraded at Zacks Investment Research BNC Bancorp (BNCN) Upgraded to “Buy” at ValuEngine Beazley PLC’s (BEZ) “Reduce” Rating Reaffirmed at Peel Hunt June 5th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Latisha Jones Filed Under: Analyst Articles - UK - Finance Tweet Beazley PLC (LON:BEZ)‘s stock had its “reduce” rating restated by analysts at Peel Hunt in a note issued to investors on Monday. They currently have a GBX 350 ($4.50) price objective on the stock. Peel Hunt’s price target would indicate a potential downside of 25.85% from the company’s previous close. Several other brokerages have also recently weighed in on BEZ. JPMorgan Chase & Co. reissued an “overweight” rating on shares of Beazley PLC in a research report on Monday, March 27th. Shore Capital reissued a “buy” rating on shares of Beazley PLC in a research report on Thursday, May 11th. Macquarie boosted their price target on shares of Beazley PLC from GBX 312 ($4.01) to GBX 365 ($4.69) and gave the company an “underperform” rating in a research report on Monday, March 20th. Canaccord Genuity reissued a “buy” rating on shares of Beazley PLC in a research report on Friday, May 12th. Finally, Numis Securities Ltd reissued a “buy” rating on shares of Beazley PLC in a research report on Tuesday, February 7th. Two analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, one has issued a hold rating and five have given a buy rating to the company. The stock has a consensus rating of “Hold” and an average target price of GBX 375 ($4.82). Shares of Beazley PLC (BEZ) opened at 472.50 on Monday. The company’s market cap is GBX 2.44 billion. Beazley PLC has a 12-month low of GBX 327.30 and a 12-month high of GBX 475.20. The stock has a 50 day moving average of GBX 450.90 and a 200 day moving average of GBX 418.08. WARNING: This news story was published by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are accessing this news story on another site, it was stolen and reposted in violation of U.S. & international copyright laws. The correct version of this news story can be read at https://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/06/05/beazley-plcs-bez-reduce-rating-reaffirmed-at-peel-hunt.html. In other news, insider Martin Bride sold 3,850 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction dated Thursday, April 20th. The shares were sold at an average price of GBX 436 ($5.60), for a total transaction of £16,786 ($21,561.98). Also, insider Adrian Cox sold 4,000 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction dated Tuesday, March 14th. The shares were sold at an average price of GBX 437 ($5.61), for a total transaction of £17,480 ($22,453.44). In the last three months, insiders have sold 149,033 shares of company stock worth $64,135,290. Beazley PLC Company Profile Receive News & Ratings for Beazley PLC Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Beazley PLC and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Trump’s Tweets Complicate Already Complicated Week World Leaders Very Critical of Paris Agreement Decision by Trump Aide to President Trump Resigns With More Expected Scud-Class Missile Launched by North Korea Travel Ban Dealt Another Blow by Appeals Court © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Cybg Plc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Cybg Plc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Microchip Technology Inc. (MCHP) Shares Bought by Arizona State Retirement System WisdomTree Investments (WETF) Receives Media Impact Rating of 0.07 MARSHALL WACE ASIA Ltd Takes Position in Manhattan Associates, Inc. (MANH) British Airways Pensions Investment Management Ltd Takes Position in Mondelez International Inc (MDLZ) Teacher Retirement System of Texas Purchases Shares of 20,832 Mercadolibre Inc (MELI) Principal Financial Group Inc. Has $28.72 Million Stake in Manhattan Associates, Inc. (MANH) Whirlpool (WHR) Earning Somewhat Positive News Coverage, Report Finds State of Tennessee Treasury Department Has $1.71 Million Stake in Landstar System, Inc. (LSTR) Knights of Columbus Asset Advisors LLC Acquires New Stake in Mattel, Inc. (MAT) Medpace Holdings Inc (MEDP) Shares Bought by Teachers Advisors LLC Somewhat Favorable News Coverage Likely to Affect Vectren Corp (VVC) Share Price Mondelez International Inc (MDLZ) Position Held by Packer & Co Ltd Mercadolibre Inc (MELI) Stake Raised by California Public Employees Retirement System WashingtonFirst Bankshares (WFBI) Earns Media Impact Rating of 0.12 Wausau Paper Corp. (WPP) Receives Media Sentiment Score of 0.44 Liberty Sirius XM Group (LSXMK) Stake Decreased by Bank of New York Mellon Corp Dr Pepper Snapple Group Inc. (DPS) to Issue Quarterly Dividend of $0.58 on July 6th Paypal Holdings Target of Unusually High Options Trading (PYPL) Buckle Inc (bke) to Issue Quarterly Dividend of $0.25 on June 26th Invesco Van Kmpn Calf Vl Mncpl Incm Trst (VCV) To Go Ex-Dividend on June 12th Cybg Plc (CYBG) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Goldman Sachs Group Inc June 5th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Jeff Wilder Filed Under: Analyst Articles - UK - Finance Tweet Goldman Sachs Group Inc reiterated their neutral rating on shares of Cybg Plc (LON:CYBG) in a research report report published on Tuesday morning. They currently have a GBX 310 ($3.98) target price on the stock. Several other equities analysts have also commented on CYBG. Macquarie reiterated a neutral rating and set a GBX 293 ($3.76) price objective on shares of Cybg Plc in a research report on Wednesday, May 17th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. reiterated an underweight rating and set a GBX 220 ($2.83) price objective on shares of Cybg Plc in a research report on Wednesday, May 17th. Numis Securities Ltd reiterated a sell rating and set a GBX 210 ($2.70) price objective on shares of Cybg Plc in a research report on Tuesday, May 16th. Panmure Gordon reiterated a sell rating and set a GBX 245 ($3.15) price objective on shares of Cybg Plc in a research report on Tuesday, May 16th. Finally, Shore Capital reiterated a hold rating on shares of Cybg Plc in a research report on Tuesday, May 16th. Six research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, four have assigned a hold rating and one has assigned a buy rating to the company’s stock. The company has an average rating of Hold and an average target price of GBX 245.38 ($3.15). Cybg Plc (LON:CYBG) opened at 262.70 on Tuesday. The firm has a 50-day moving average price of GBX 277.75 and a 200-day moving average price of GBX 278.55. The company’s market cap is GBX 2.32 billion. Cybg Plc has a 52-week low of GBX 203.70 and a 52-week high of GBX 306.90. WARNING: This report was first published by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are viewing this report on another domain, it was stolen and reposted in violation of US & international trademark and copyright law. The original version of this report can be accessed at https://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/06/05/cybg-plc-cybg-stock-rating-reaffirmed-by-goldman-sachs-group-inc.html. In related news, insider Fiona MacLeod bought 7,000 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Friday, May 19th. The stock was bought at an average cost of GBX 274 ($3.52) per share, for a total transaction of £19,180 ($24,637.12). Insiders have purchased a total of 7,162 shares of company stock valued at $1,962,785 over the last 90 days. About Cybg Plc CYBG PLC is a United Kingdom-based company, which intends to be the holding company for CYB Investments Limited (CYBI) and Clydesdale Bank PLC (Clydesdale Bank). The Company will own National Australia Bank Limited’s Clydesdale and Yorkshire Bank operations (the Clydesdale Bank business). Clydesdale Bank provides the United Kingdom retail and small and medium enterprises (SME) banking services. Receive News & Ratings for Cybg Plc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Cybg Plc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Trump’s Tweets Complicate Already Complicated Week World Leaders Very Critical of Paris Agreement Decision by Trump Aide to President Trump Resigns With More Expected Scud-Class Missile Launched by North Korea Travel Ban Dealt Another Blow by Appeals Court © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Barclays PLC - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Barclays PLC with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Altria Group Inc (MO) Raised to Buy at Vetr Inc. Bristol-Myers Squibb Co (BMY) Raised to Strong-Buy at Vetr Inc. Vetr Inc. Lowers GameStop Corp. (GME) to Strong Sell Robert P. Jornayvaz III Acquires 13,800 Shares of Intrepid Potash, Inc. (IPI) Stock Ryerson Holding Corp (RYI) Insider Michael Burbach Acquires 3,000 Shares ClearBridge Energy MLP Fund Inc (CEM) Insider Chris Eades Acquires 1,600 Shares Financial Analysis: Rice Midstream Partners (RMP) and Range Resources Corp. (RRC) Frontline Ltd. (FRO) Receives $7.50 Average PT from Analysts Brokerages Anticipate Black Stone Minerals LP (BSM) to Post $0.19 Earnings Per Share Brokerages Anticipate Xencor Inc (XNCR) Will Announce Earnings of -$0.25 Per Share Analysts Expect AMC Entertainment Holdings Inc (AMC) Will Post Quarterly Sales of $1.35 Billion Scott Blair Edmonds Purchases 27,000 Shares of Photon Control Inc (PHO) Stock $25.33 Million in Sales Expected for Oxford Immunotec Global PLC (OXFD) This Quarter Steve Asakowicz Sells 382 Shares of Heska Corp (HSKA) Stock Zynga Inc (ZNGA) Director Ellen F. Siminoff Sells 12,000 Shares of Stock Altius Minerals Co. (ALS) Director James Digby Ronald Strauss Buys 4,000 Shares Lexagene Holdings Inc (LXG) Director Daryl Rebeck Acquires 50,000 Shares $404.83 Million in Sales Expected for Red Rock Resorts Inc (RRR) This Quarter ONE Gas Inc (OGS) Expected to Announce Quarterly Sales of $265.75 Million $536.79 Million in Sales Expected for Square Inc (SQ) This Quarter Barclays PLC (BARC) Rating Reiterated by Investec June 5th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Stacy Sanders Filed Under: Analyst Articles - UK - Finance Tweet Barclays PLC (LON:BARC)‘s stock had its “buy” rating reiterated by equities research analysts at Investec in a note issued to investors on Thursday. They presently have a GBX 245 ($3.15) target price on the financial services provider’s stock. Investec’s price target points to a potential upside of 16.17% from the company’s current price. Other analysts have also recently issued reports about the stock. JPMorgan Chase & Co. lifted their target price on shares of Barclays PLC from GBX 215 ($2.76) to GBX 225 ($2.89) and gave the company a ” neutral” rating in a research note on Wednesday, March 1st. Societe Generale reiterated a “buy” rating and issued a GBX 275 ($3.53) target price on shares of Barclays PLC in a research note on Friday, February 24th. Deutsche Bank AG reiterated a “buy” rating and issued a GBX 270 ($3.47) target price on shares of Barclays PLC in a research note on Monday, February 6th. HSBC Holdings plc lifted their target price on shares of Barclays PLC from GBX 250 ($3.21) to GBX 260 ($3.34) and gave the company a “buy” rating in a research note on Monday, February 6th. Finally, S&P Global set a GBX 280 ($3.60) target price on shares of Barclays PLC and gave the company a “buy” rating in a research note on Thursday, February 23rd. Five equities research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, five have issued a hold rating and ten have assigned a buy rating to the company’s stock. The company has an average rating of “Hold” and a consensus price target of GBX 222.74 ($2.86). Barclays PLC (LON:BARC) opened at 210.55 on Thursday. The stock’s 50 day moving average is GBX 211.71 and its 200-day moving average is GBX 222.44. Barclays PLC has a 52 week low of GBX 121.10 and a 52 week high of GBX 267.32. The firm’s market capitalization is GBX 53.29 billion. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION WARNING: “Barclays PLC (BARC) Rating Reiterated by Investec” was reported by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are reading this story on another publication, it was stolen and republished in violation of international copyright legislation. The correct version of this story can be viewed at https://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/06/05/barclays-plc-barc-rating-reiterated-by-investec.html. In other Barclays PLC news, insider Ian Cheshire purchased 50,000 shares of the stock in a transaction on Tuesday, May 2nd. The shares were purchased at an average price of GBX 210 ($2.70) per share, with a total value of £105,000 ($134,874.76). Barclays PLC Company Profile Receive News & Ratings for Barclays PLC Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Barclays PLC and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Trump’s Tweets Complicate Already Complicated Week World Leaders Very Critical of Paris Agreement Decision by Trump Aide to President Trump Resigns With More Expected Scud-Class Missile Launched by North Korea Travel Ban Dealt Another Blow by Appeals Court © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Skip to main content The Straits Times Opinion Toggle navigation Home Singapore Politics Asia World Videos Multimedia Photos Graphics Lifestyle Food Forum Letters in Print Letters on the Web Readers' Post Opinion ST Editorial Cartoons Business Companies & Markets Economy Banking Property Invest Sport Football Tennis Formula One Basketball Golf Schools Tech Smartphones Tablets PCs Cameras Audio Wearables Games & Apps More Multimedia Forum Opinion Business Sport Tech SPH Websites news with benefits ST Wine SPH Rewards STJobs STCars STProperty STClassifieds SITES AsiaOne Berita Harian Hardwarezone Lianhe Wanbao omy.sg STOMP SGCarMart ShareInvestor SRX Property tabla Tamil Murasu The Business Times The New Paper zaobao.sg Advertise with us Print Edition ePaper World Environment Day Industry, not just government, has responsibility to drive sustainability efforts Greenpeace activists wearing tuna costumes demonstrating in Bangkok on June 2, 2017.PHOTO: EPA PublishedJun 5, 2017, 3:45 pm SGT More Share Tweet Linkedin Pin Google+ Reddit Print Permalink: http://str.sg/4LuD Copy The impetus for companies to take action is clear. They are paying growing attention to climate risks. Risks aside, businesses are also reacting to evolving social attitudes and consumption patterns. Consumers are increasingly sustainability-conscious. Robin Hu President Donald Trump finally fulfilled his campaign bluster to withdraw the United States from the Paris climate agreement.Predictably, the global condemnation was immediate, and resounding. In a stinging rebuke, French president Emmanuel Macron derided Mr Trump’s decision and mimicked the latter by calling for the world to “make our planet great again”.  His Elysée speech in English was unprecedented for a French president, underscoring his disapproval. European Union leaders rejected Mr Trump’s suggestion to renegotiate the Paris accord.  Premier Li Keqiang vowed that China would uphold its Paris pledge.  India, the third-largest polluter behind China and America, promised to stay the course; Prime Minister Narendra Modi described failure to act on climate change “morally criminal”.  Here at home, Singapore reaffirmed its commitment to the pact. But political leaders were not alone in their dismay.  Industry’s titans led corporates in expressing solidarity. Get The Straits Times newsletters in your inbox Sign Up Tesla CEO Elon Musk and Disney boss Bob Iger quit their White House advisory roles.  Goldman Sachs chief Lloyd Blankfein was stirred to use his inaugural tweet to express disappointment.  CEOs of top companies like Google, Apple, Facebook, Microsoft, Salesforce, BlackRock, JPMorgan, Cargill, Dow Chemical and General Electric echoed criticisms.  Even oil majors Exxon Mobil, ConocoPhillips and BP voiced support for the Paris deal, just before Mr Trump’s announcement. Climate change, sustainable development – sustainability – these are not mere corporate buzzwords.  That corporate giants were emphatic in disapproving Mr Trump’s decision stridently exhibits their conviction: sustainability is not only fundamental to Earth’s survival, but also essential for commercial success. Climate change, man-made and caused by growing greenhouse gas emissions, is real.  And its effects pose real threats to businesses.  Supply chains are disrupted when climate change-triggered freak weather events, like floods, hurricanes, heatwaves, droughts and blizzards, wreak devastating havoc on factories, infrastructure and crops. The Center for Climate and Energy Solutions attributes US$15 billion (S$21 billion) to US$20 billion of losses directly to a single event – Thailand’s 2011 flooding.  Honda reckons that it lost over US$250 million when floods destroyed its vehicle plants.  HP blames more than half of its 7 per cent revenue decline, in 2011’s fourth quarter, on a hard disk shortage caused by the floods. Insurer Lloyd’s forked out US$2.2 billion in claims, its third-biggest loss in its history In Paris, countries had pledged to cap global temperature rise to below 2 deg C above pre-industrial levels, while targeting a 1.5 deg C limit.  Putting this into context, NASA data indicates that 2016 was the warmest year ever, with temperatures more than 1 deg C above pre-industrial times.  Sixteen of the 17 hottest years were after 2000, since record-keeping started in the 19th century. We may not feel a ½ deg C increase, but it makes a monumental difference.  It will engender reduced crop yield, greater droughts and higher sea levels.  A recent scientific study, published in Earth System Dynamics, indicated that with a 2 versus a 1.5 deg C increase, crop yields will be twice reduced in tropics like Central America and West Africa. In America, as the Risky Business Project highlights, a warming climate means that the Midwest will probably face crop yield loss of up to 19 per cent by mid-century and 63 per cent by end-century.  This will distress agricultural supply chains, cause significant unemployment and harm food security.  The Midwest accounts for two-thirds of America’s corn and soybean production.  As of 2012, it comprises over 520,000 farms worth an annual US$135.6 billion. The impetus for companies to take action is clear.  They are paying growing attention to climate risks.  The Carbon Disclosure Project reported that its “supply chain” membership grew 20 per cent from 2015 to 2016.  It counts 89 members like L’Oréal, Nestlé, Unilever, Toyota and BMW, which harness their nearly US$3 trillion procurement budget to request emissions-related data from over 8,200 suppliers. Risks aside, businesses are reacting to evolving social attitudes and consumption patterns.  Consumers are increasingly sustainability-conscious.  A 2015 Nielsen survey found that for consumers willing to pay a premium, sustainability reasons registered 10 to 13 percentage points higher than all respondents’ averages.  Millennials constituted 72 per cent of those accepting of higher prices.  But lest we think it is only younger generations who care, 51 per cent of baby boomers were prepared to pay extra, seven percentage points higher from the previous year.  Unilever reported that in 2014, its sustainability brands grew twice as fast as others, contributing half of its entire portfolio’s growth.  While government can lead the sustainability charge with accords and legislation, industry must therefore play a driving role.  MSCI data shows that the world’s largest companies’ market capitalisation was a whopping US$35 trillion, twice America’s 2015 gross domestic product.  With their behemoth size, the related risks and opportunities, corporates cannot turn a blind eye to sustainability. Sustainability has also been core throughout Singapore’s history.  Our government launched the Garden City programme in 1967, just two years after independence.  Trees were planted, streets scrubbed, the Singapore River cleaned and anti-pollution laws enacted.  Today, we are indeed a city in a garden. But sustainability is more than a clean environment.  The Sustainable Singapore Blueprint (SSB) makes this clear.  To achieve a sustainable nation, three mutually-reliant pillars must be reinforced: an active economy providing jobs; a beautiful society where inclusive communities have a high quality of living; and a cool and clean environment enabling a thriving country. Today, June 5, marks World Environment Day, an appropriate opportunity to reflect on this shared vision. Whether government, citizens or industry; we have a collective responsibility for achieving sustainability.  Prime Minister Lee Hsien Loong summarised this in the SSB, “We will build a green economy, nudging our businesses into doing good while also doing well.  We also encourage civic participation for an active and gracious community… It is our duty and responsibility to build on their (our pioneers’) legacy, to make Singapore even greener and more liveable, and to work with others to build better cities and a healthier planet, for ourselves and future generations.” The writer is Head of the Sustainability and Stewardship Group at Temasek International. Topics:  CLIMATE CHANGE DONALD TRUMP EMMANUEL MACRON More Share Tweet Linkedin Pin Google+ Reddit Print Permalink: http://str.sg/4LuD Copy BrandInsider Sponsored Content starhub_a126125_2017june05_strosnative.jpg French Open…here’s what you never knew vitagen_a126212_2017jun05_300x200_st_native.jpg IBS: What you need to know and how to seek help eyemo_a125690_2017jun05_300x200_stnative.jpg Household brand Eye Mo is back on shelves Shopping iPhone 7 Plus 128 GB Now On Sale! Check Latest Price Now! Attractive Digital Gadgets from $1!! Only @ Auction Q! Never Lost Your Precious Belongings Again! HP Elitebook 840 Now On Sale! Check out Now! More Deals on Qoo10 Subscribe to The Straits Times call 6388-3838 or click here Available for iPhones and iPads Available in Google Play Back to the top Singapore Politics Asia World Videos Multimedia Lifestyle Food Forum Opinion Business Sport Tech Follow ST The Straits Times SPH Digital News / Copyright © 2017 Singapore Press Holdings Ltd. Co. Regn. No. 198402868E. All rights reserved | Terms & Conditions | Data Protection Policy | Advertise with us We have been experiencing some problems with subscriber log-ins and apologise for the inconvenience caused. Until we resolve the issues, subscribers need not log in to access ST Digital articles. But a log-in is still required for our PDFs. Close
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance AFLAC Incorporated - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for AFLAC Incorporated with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Amber Road Inc (AMBR) VP Sells $30,528.60 in Stock Insider Selling: Delek US Holdings, Inc. (DK) Director Sells $43,316.00 in Stock Insider Selling: Acme United Co. (ACU) CEO Sells $38,321.43 in Stock Insider Buying: Ryerson Holding Corp (RYI) CEO Purchases $43,800.00 in Stock First Defiance Financial (FDEF) Earns Daily News Impact Rating of 0.33 Och-Ziff Capital Management Group LLC (OZM) Downgraded by ValuEngine to Hold OM Asset Management PLC (OMAM) Downgraded by ValuEngine to Hold Petrobras Argentina SA (PZE) Upgraded to Strong-Buy by ValuEngine Patriot National Inc (PN) Lowered to “Sell” at ValuEngine Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd (RCL) Upgraded by ValuEngine to Buy Earthstone Energy (ESTE) Earns Coverage Optimism Rating of 0.27 Spark Investment Management LLC Increases Position in Wi-Lan Inc (WILN) MKS Instruments, Inc. (MKSI) Receives $79.75 Consensus Price Target from Brokerages Yahoo! Inc. (YHOO) Shares Bought by Axa Spark Investment Management LLC Has $1.67 Million Position in ClubCorp Holdings Inc (MYCC) Haverty Furniture Companies, Inc. (HVT) Given Average Recommendation of “Hold” by Analysts iShares NASDAQ Biotechnology Index (IBB) Position Held by Glassman Wealth Services First Interstate Bank Sells 85 Shares of Unilever NV (UN) First Interstate Bank Has $581,000 Position in Varian Medical Systems, Inc. (VAR) Tributary Capital Management LLC Sells 7,400 Shares of Citrix Systems, Inc. (CTXS) AFLAC Incorporated (AFL) Cut to “Hold” at Zacks Investment Research June 5th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Tyrone Williams Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Finance Tweet Zacks Investment Research cut shares of AFLAC Incorporated (NYSE:AFL) from a buy rating to a hold rating in a report released on Wednesday. According to Zacks, “Aflac’s efforts to increase agent productivity, emphasis on sale of third-sector products, pull back on sale of first-sector products, introduction of new product like cancer insurance are likely to drive long-term growth. Its strong capital position enables it to buy back shares and increase dividend payouts. However, it remains exposed to a challenging operating environment, primarily in Japan. Moreover, its U.S. business has been facing stiff competition in the middle market, which in turn, has been denting its sales. In 2016, the company recorded disappointing U.S. sales figures. The shares have underperformed the Zacks categorized Accident and Health Insurance industry year to date.” AFL has been the subject of a number of other reports. Royal Bank of Canada reissued an underperform rating and set a $62.00 price objective (down from $65.00) on shares of AFLAC in a research note on Thursday, February 2nd. JPMorgan Chase & Co. raised their price objective on shares of AFLAC from $75.00 to $77.00 and gave the stock an overweight rating in a research note on Monday, April 3rd. Vetr raised shares of AFLAC from a hold rating to a buy rating and set a $77.50 price objective for the company in a research note on Tuesday, April 18th. Bank of America Corp raised shares of AFLAC from an underperform rating to a neutral rating and raised their price objective for the stock from $75.00 to $78.00 in a research note on Thursday, April 6th. They noted that the move was a valuation call. Finally, Deutsche Bank AG raised their price objective on shares of AFLAC from $70.00 to $72.00 and gave the stock a hold rating in a research note on Wednesday, April 19th. Two equities research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, six have assigned a hold rating and four have assigned a buy rating to the company. The company has an average rating of Hold and a consensus target price of $74.55. Shares of AFLAC (NYSE AFL) opened at 75.93 on Wednesday. AFLAC has a 1-year low of $66.50 and a 1-year high of $76.88. The stock has a market capitalization of $30.13 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 12.35 and a beta of 1.01. The firm’s 50-day moving average price is $74.38 and its 200 day moving average price is $71.76. AFLAC (NYSE:AFL) last posted its quarterly earnings results on Thursday, April 27th. The financial services provider reported $1.67 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, beating the Zacks’ consensus estimate of $1.62 by $0.05. AFLAC had a net margin of 11.79% and a return on equity of 13.10%. The company had revenue of $5.31 billion during the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $5.40 billion. During the same period last year, the firm earned $1.74 EPS. The company’s revenue for the quarter was down 2.6% on a year-over-year basis. Equities research analysts expect that AFLAC will post $6.52 earnings per share for the current fiscal year. WARNING: “AFLAC Incorporated (AFL) Cut to “Hold” at Zacks Investment Research” was posted by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are viewing this article on another site, it was illegally copied and reposted in violation of US & international trademark & copyright laws. The correct version of this article can be read at https://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/06/05/aflac-incorporated-afl-cut-to-hold-at-zacks-investment-research.html. The company also recently announced a quarterly dividend, which was paid on Thursday, June 1st. Shareholders of record on Wednesday, May 24th were paid a $0.43 dividend. The ex-dividend date was Monday, May 22nd. This represents a $1.72 annualized dividend and a yield of 2.27%. AFLAC’s payout ratio is currently 26.75%. In other AFLAC news, insider James Todd Daniels sold 1,400 shares of AFLAC stock in a transaction that occurred on Friday, March 31st. The shares were sold at an average price of $72.39, for a total value of $101,346.00. Following the completion of the sale, the insider now directly owns 15,699 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $1,136,450.61. The transaction was disclosed in a filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which can be accessed through this hyperlink. Also, EVP Kenneth S. Janke, Jr. sold 10,000 shares of AFLAC stock in a transaction that occurred on Wednesday, March 15th. The stock was sold at an average price of $71.95, for a total transaction of $719,500.00. Following the completion of the sale, the executive vice president now directly owns 123,317 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $8,872,658.15. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Insiders sold a total of 18,712 shares of company stock valued at $1,349,874 over the last ninety days. 3.90% of the stock is owned by corporate insiders. A number of hedge funds have recently added to or reduced their stakes in AFL. BlackRock Inc. boosted its stake in AFLAC by 1,750.9% in the first quarter. BlackRock Inc. now owns 23,849,668 shares of the financial services provider’s stock valued at $1,727,193,000 after buying an additional 22,561,116 shares during the last quarter. Norges Bank purchased a new stake in AFLAC during the fourth quarter valued at approximately $1,454,272,000. AQR Capital Management LLC boosted its stake in AFLAC by 75.7% in the fourth quarter. AQR Capital Management LLC now owns 4,217,298 shares of the financial services provider’s stock valued at $293,524,000 after buying an additional 1,817,630 shares during the last quarter. State Street Corp boosted its stake in AFLAC by 7.2% in the fourth quarter. State Street Corp now owns 21,353,746 shares of the financial services provider’s stock valued at $1,486,224,000 after buying an additional 1,433,277 shares during the last quarter. Finally, Vanguard Group Inc. boosted its stake in AFLAC by 3.4% in the first quarter. Vanguard Group Inc. now owns 31,980,927 shares of the financial services provider’s stock valued at $2,316,059,000 after buying an additional 1,048,415 shares during the last quarter. 62.45% of the stock is owned by hedge funds and other institutional investors. About AFLAC Aflac Incorporated is a business holding company. The Company is involved in supplemental health and life insurance, which is marketed and administered through its subsidiary, American Family Life Assurance Company of Columbus (Aflac). The Company’s insurance business consists of two segments: Aflac Japan and Aflac U.S. Get a free copy of the Zacks research report on AFLAC (AFL) For more information about research offerings from Zacks Investment Research, visit Zacks.com Receive News & Ratings for AFLAC Incorporated Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for AFLAC Incorporated and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Trump’s Tweets Complicate Already Complicated Week World Leaders Very Critical of Paris Agreement Decision by Trump Aide to President Trump Resigns With More Expected Scud-Class Missile Launched by North Korea Travel Ban Dealt Another Blow by Appeals Court © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Brenntag AG - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Brenntag AG with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Analyzing Global Eagle Entertainment (ENT) & Comcast (CMCSK) CIGNA Co. (CI) Upgraded to Buy at ValuEngine Kopin (KOPN) versus Qorvo (QRVO) Financial Contrast Pacer Advisors Inc. Has $339,000 Stake in Regions Financial Corp (RF) Buckingham Capital Management Inc. Reduces Position in Delta Air Lines, Inc. (DAL) Illumina, Inc. (ILMN) Shares Bought by Nordea Investment Management AB Casey's General Stores Inc (CASY) Stake Boosted by Nordea Investment Management AB 25,494 Shares in Weibo Corp (WB) Acquired by Nordea Investment Management AB Tortoise Investment Management LLC Sells 765 Shares of Delta Air Lines, Inc. (DAL) Mason Street Advisors LLC Purchases 520 Shares of BancorpSouth, Inc. (BXS) Pacer Advisors Inc. Purchases 44 Shares of Essex Property Trust Inc (ESS) Pacer Advisors Inc. Purchases 1,080 Shares of Clean Harbors Inc (CLH) Pacer Advisors Inc. Purchases New Position in Science Applications International Corp (SAIC) Pacer Advisors Inc. Has $338,000 Stake in Ciena Co. (CIEN) Envestnet Asset Management Inc. Sells 624 Shares of ICU Medical (ICUI) Mercantile Bank Corp. (MBWM) Expected to Announce Quarterly Sales of $31.16 Million Tata Motors Limited (TTM) Earns News Sentiment Rating of -0.07 USD Partners (USDP) Earning Somewhat Negative News Coverage, AlphaOne Reports Parke Bancorp (PKBK) Getting Somewhat Negative Media Coverage, Study Shows Dwight D. Churchill Sells 3,277 Shares of Affiliated Managers Group, Inc. (AMG) Stock Brenntag AG (BNR) Given a €51.00 Price Target at Nord/LB June 4th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Trevor Kearing Filed Under: Analyst Articles - Europe - Finance Tweet Nord/LB set a €51.00 ($57.30) price target on Brenntag AG (FRA:BNR) in a report published on Tuesday. The brokerage currently has a neutral rating on the stock. BNR has been the topic of a number of other research reports. Goldman Sachs Group Inc set a €56.00 ($62.92) price target on Brenntag AG and gave the company a neutral rating in a report on Saturday, May 20th. Baader Bank set a €56.00 ($62.92) price target on Brenntag AG and gave the company a neutral rating in a report on Saturday, May 20th. Independent Research GmbH set a €57.00 ($64.04) price target on Brenntag AG and gave the company a neutral rating in a report on Saturday, May 20th. DZ Bank AG restated a neutral rating on shares of Brenntag AG in a report on Saturday, May 20th. Finally, JPMorgan Chase & Co. set a €57.42 ($64.52) price target on Brenntag AG and gave the company a buy rating in a report on Saturday, May 20th. One analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, seven have assigned a hold rating and three have issued a buy rating to the company’s stock. The company presently has an average rating of Hold and an average price target of €55.94 ($62.86). Brenntag AG (FRA:BNR) opened at 52.975 on Tuesday. Brenntag AG has a 12-month low of €41.37 and a 12-month high of €56.25. The firm has a market cap of €8.18 billion and a PE ratio of 21.122. The stock’s 50 day moving average price is €53.36 and its 200-day moving average price is €52.59. TRADEMARK VIOLATION NOTICE: This piece of content was posted by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are viewing this piece of content on another website, it was illegally copied and republished in violation of international copyright legislation. The correct version of this piece of content can be accessed at https://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/06/04/brenntag-ag-bnr-given-a-51-00-price-target-at-nordlb.html. Receive News & Ratings for Brenntag AG Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Brenntag AG and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Jeff Sessions Spoke of Resigning After Tensions Increase with Trump President Trump’s Tweets Complicate Already Complicated Week World Leaders Very Critical of Paris Agreement Decision by Trump Aide to President Trump Resigns With More Expected Scud-Class Missile Launched by North Korea © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Arconic Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Arconic Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Zacks: Analysts Expect Omeros Co. (OMER) Will Announce Earnings of -$0.33 Per Share Park Sterling Corp (PSTB) Upgraded to “Buy” at ValuEngine Uniqure NV (QURE) Lowered to “Strong Sell” at ValuEngine Signature Bank (SBNY) Downgraded to “Hold” at ValuEngine Solaredge Technologies Inc (SEDG) Lowered to Hold at ValuEngine Provident Bancorp Inc (PVBC) Upgraded to Buy by ValuEngine Analysts Anticipate Abeona Therapeutics Inc (ABEO) Will Post Earnings of -$0.13 Per Share Applied Optoelectronics Inc (AAOI) Expected to Announce Earnings of $1.07 Per Share Bankwell Financial Group Inc (BWFG) Upgraded to Buy at ValuEngine BofI Holding, Inc. (BOFI) Downgraded by ValuEngine to “Buy” Sierra Bancorp (BSRR) Upgraded to “Buy” at ValuEngine CymaBay Therapeutics Inc (CBAY) Upgraded by ValuEngine to Hold ClariVest Asset Management LLC Has $1.89 Million Stake in Entegris Inc (ENTG) Piermont Capital Management Inc. Sells 10,000 Shares of NewLink Genetics Corp (NLNK) O Shaughnessy Asset Management LLC Raises Stake in Rudolph Technologies Inc (RTEC) Piermont Capital Management Inc. Buys Shares of 47,618 Cytokinetics, Inc. (CYTK) ClariVest Asset Management LLC Takes Position in Eagle Bancorp, Inc. (EGBN) O Shaughnessy Asset Management LLC Buys 1,352 Shares of Lakeland Financial Co. (LKFN) Piermont Capital Management Inc. Takes Position in Toro Co (TTC) O Shaughnessy Asset Management LLC Sells 102 Shares of SkyWest, Inc. (SKYW) Vetr Inc. Downgrades Arconic Inc (ARNC) to Buy June 4th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Trevor Kearing Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Finance Tweet Arconic Inc (NASDAQ:ARNC) was downgraded by analysts at Vetr from a “strong-buy” rating to a “buy” rating in a research report issued on Thursday. They presently have a $31.00 target price on the basic materials company’s stock. Vetr‘s price objective would indicate a potential upside of 10.09% from the stock’s current price. Several other brokerages have also commented on ARNC. Zacks Investment Research lowered Arconic from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating in a report on Monday, May 8th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. lowered Arconic to a “neutral” rating and set a $30.00 price objective for the company. in a report on Wednesday, April 26th. Deutsche Bank AG reiterated a “buy” rating and set a $32.00 price objective on shares of Arconic in a report on Wednesday, April 19th. Longbow Research assumed coverage on Arconic in a report on Friday, March 31st. They set a “neutral” rating for the company. Finally, Cowen and Company reiterated a “market perform” rating and set a $25.00 price objective on shares of Arconic in a report on Wednesday, March 29th. One analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, six have issued a hold rating and four have given a buy rating to the company’s stock. The stock currently has a consensus rating of “Hold” and a consensus price target of $25.56. Arconic (NASDAQ ARNC) opened at 28.16 on Thursday. The stock’s market cap is $12.41 billion. The firm’s 50-day moving average price is $27.15 and its 200-day moving average price is $24.75. Arconic has a 52 week low of $16.75 and a 52 week high of $30.69. Arconic (NASDAQ:ARNC) last announced its earnings results on Tuesday, April 25th. The basic materials company reported $0.33 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, beating the consensus estimate of $0.25 by $0.08. The company had revenue of $3.06 billion for the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $3 billion. The firm’s revenue was down 4.3% on a year-over-year basis. Equities analysts predict that Arconic will post $1.17 earnings per share for the current fiscal year. TRADEMARK VIOLATION WARNING: This news story was published by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are viewing this news story on another website, it was illegally stolen and republished in violation of US & international copyright laws. The legal version of this news story can be accessed at https://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/06/04/vetr-inc-downgrades-arconic-inc-arnc-to-buy.html. In related news, Director Patrice E. Merrin acquired 10,000 shares of Arconic stock in a transaction on Tuesday, May 30th. The stock was acquired at an average price of $27.17 per share, for a total transaction of $271,700.00. Following the purchase, the director now owns 5,000 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $135,850. The acquisition was disclosed in a legal filing with the SEC, which is accessible through this hyperlink. Also, Director Christopher L. Ayers acquired 7,325 shares of Arconic stock in a transaction on Friday, May 26th. The shares were bought at an average price of $27.31 per share, with a total value of $200,045.75. Following the purchase, the director now directly owns 7,425 shares in the company, valued at approximately $202,776.75. The disclosure for this purchase can be found here. Institutional investors have recently added to or reduced their stakes in the stock. Pettee Investors Inc. bought a new position in Arconic during the first quarter worth $218,000. Dai Ichi Life Insurance Company Ltd bought a new position in Arconic during the first quarter worth $221,000. Sii Investments Inc. WI bought a new position in Arconic during the first quarter worth $227,000. Wilbanks Smith & Thomas Asset Management LLC bought a new position in Arconic during the first quarter worth $228,000. Finally, Pitcairn Co. bought a new position in Arconic during the first quarter worth $231,000. About Arconic Arconic Inc, formerly Alcoa Inc, is engaged in lightweight metals engineering and manufacturing. The Company operates through three segments: Global Rolled Products, Engineered Products and Solutions, and Transportation and Construction Solutions. Its multi-material products, which include aluminum, titanium and nickel, are used around the world in markets, such as aerospace, automotive, commercial transportation and packaging. To view Vetr’s full report, visit Vetr’s official website. Receive News & Ratings for Arconic Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Arconic Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Trump’s Tweets Complicate Already Complicated Week World Leaders Very Critical of Paris Agreement Decision by Trump Aide to President Trump Resigns With More Expected Scud-Class Missile Launched by North Korea Travel Ban Dealt Another Blow by Appeals Court © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Hamilton Lane Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Hamilton Lane Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Howard Bancorp Inc (HBMD) Lifted to “B+” at TheStreet Ciena Co. (CIEN) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by MKM Partners Instructure Inc (INST) Rating Reiterated by Jefferies Group LLC PrivateBancorp Inc (PVTB) Rating Reiterated by Jefferies Group LLC Loxo Oncology Inc (LOXO) Sees Unusually-High Trading Volume on Analyst Upgrade Incyte Co. (INCY) Shares Down 5.7% After Insider Selling Mosaic Capital Corp (M) Expected to Earn Q2 2017 Earnings of $0.03 Per Share Big Yellow Group plc (BYG) Earns “Overweight” Rating from JPMorgan Chase & Co. Vetr Inc. Upgrades Under Armour Inc (UAA) to “Buy” Novartis AG (NOVN) Given a CHF 65 Price Target by Barclays PLC Analysts CVS Health Corp (CVS) Upgraded to Strong-Buy at Vetr Inc. Uni Select Inc (UNS) PT Raised to C$39.00 Apple Inc. (AAPL) Upgraded to Buy at Vetr Inc. Slate Office REIT (SOT.UN) Receives “Market Perform” Rating from BMO Capital Markets Metro Ag (MEO3) PT Set at €38.00 by equinet AG George Harrison Talbot Sells 210 Shares of Nabriva Therapeutics AG – (NBRV) Stock Frank Stephen Borowicz Buys 100,000 Shares of Home Properties, Inc. (HME) Stock Sun Valley Gold Llc Purchases 32,500 Shares of Belo Sun Mining Corp (BSX) Stock Luby's, Inc. (LUB) Director Frank Markantonis Buys 6,000 Shares Matson, Inc. (MATX) Expected to Announce Earnings of $0.44 Per Share Zacks: Brokerages Set $21.00 Price Target for Hamilton Lane Inc (HLNE) June 4th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Tyrone Williams Filed Under: Finance - Zacks Consensus Ratings Tweet Hamilton Lane Inc (NASDAQ:HLNE) has been assigned a consensus broker rating score of 2.13 (Buy) from the four brokers that provide coverage for the company, Zacks Investment Research reports. Two investment analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating, one has given a buy rating and one has assigned a strong buy rating to the company. Brokerages have set a one year consensus price objective of $21.00 for the company and are forecasting that the company will post $0.23 EPS for the current quarter, according to Zacks. Zacks has also given Hamilton Lane an industry rank of 82 out of 265 based on the ratings given to its competitors. A number of research analysts recently commented on the stock. Wells Fargo & Co assumed coverage on shares of Hamilton Lane in a research note on Monday, March 27th. They set a “market perform” rating on the stock. Keefe, Bruyette & Woods assumed coverage on shares of Hamilton Lane in a research note on Monday, March 27th. They set a “market perform” rating and a $21.00 price objective on the stock. JPMorgan Chase & Co. assumed coverage on shares of Hamilton Lane in a research note on Monday, March 27th. They set an “overweight” rating and a $21.00 price objective on the stock. Goldman Sachs Group Inc assumed coverage on shares of Hamilton Lane in a research note on Monday, March 27th. They set a “neutral” rating and a $20.00 price objective on the stock. Finally, Morgan Stanley assumed coverage on shares of Hamilton Lane in a research note on Monday, March 27th. They set an “overweight” rating and a $21.00 price objective on the stock. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY NOTICE: “Zacks: Brokerages Set $21.00 Price Target for Hamilton Lane Inc (HLNE)” was first reported by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are reading this piece of content on another domain, it was stolen and reposted in violation of US & international trademark & copyright laws. The correct version of this piece of content can be viewed at https://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/06/04/zacks-brokerages-set-21-00-price-target-for-hamilton-lane-inc-hlne.html. Hamilton Lane (HLNE) traded up 2.39% during trading on Tuesday, reaching $20.99. The company’s stock had a trading volume of 46,268 shares. The stock’s market capitalization is $358.32 million. Hamilton Lane has a 52 week low of $17.32 and a 52 week high of $21.29. The firm has a 50 day moving average of $19.45 and a 200 day moving average of $19.07. In other Hamilton Lane news, insider Juan Delgado-Moreira bought 2,800 shares of Hamilton Lane stock in a transaction that occurred on Monday, March 6th. The stock was purchased at an average cost of $16.00 per share, for a total transaction of $44,800.00. Following the completion of the acquisition, the insider now owns 1,550,965 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $24,815,440. The acquisition was disclosed in a document filed with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is available through this link. A number of hedge funds have recently modified their holdings of HLNE. Henderson Group PLC acquired a new stake in shares of Hamilton Lane during the first quarter worth $117,000. Wells Fargo & Company MN acquired a new stake in shares of Hamilton Lane during the first quarter worth $131,000. SG Americas Securities LLC acquired a new stake in shares of Hamilton Lane during the first quarter worth $194,000. Point72 Asia Hong Kong Ltd acquired a new stake in shares of Hamilton Lane during the first quarter worth $202,000. Finally, Laurion Capital Management LP acquired a new stake in shares of Hamilton Lane during the first quarter worth $207,000. Hamilton Lane Company Profile Hamilton Lane Incorporated is a global private markets investment solutions provider. The Company works with its clients to conceive, structure, build out, manage and monitor portfolios of private markets funds and direct investments, and it helps them access a set of such investment opportunities around the world. Get a free copy of the Zacks research report on Hamilton Lane (HLNE) For more information about research offerings from Zacks Investment Research, visit Zacks.com Receive News & Ratings for Hamilton Lane Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Hamilton Lane Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Trump’s Tweets Complicate Already Complicated Week World Leaders Very Critical of Paris Agreement Decision by Trump Aide to President Trump Resigns With More Expected Scud-Class Missile Launched by North Korea Travel Ban Dealt Another Blow by Appeals Court © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
up next: now reading: Corporations Support Paris Accord. Progressives, Take Note. AP Photo/Pablo Martinez Monsivais Corporations Support Paris Accord. Progressives, Take Note. Commentary By Bill Scher RCP Contributor June 05, 2017 AP Photo/Pablo Martinez Monsivais X Story Stream recent articles Video: Global Warming Lorem Ipsum Dolor Sit ... Article: Global Warming Lorem Ipsum Dolor Sit ... Article: Global Warming Lorem Ipsum Dolor Sit ... Entry: Global Warming Lorem Ipsum Dolor Sit ... Video: Global Warming Lorem Ipsum Dolor Sit ... The standard progressive narrative tells us that corporate influence is why we can’t have nice things. But a “nearly united corporate front” of Big Business, according to the New York Times, sided with the left and tried to persuade President Trump to keep the U.S. in the Paris climate pact. The CEO of oil giant ExxonMobil wrote a personal appeal to Trump. Thirty other corporate chieftains, including those from Dow Chemical, JP Morgan Chase and General Electric, took out a full-page ad in the Wall Street Journal, counseling Trump that  “Our business interests are best served by a stable and practical framework facilitating an effective and balanced response to reducing global GHG [greenhouse gas] emissions.” A second full-page ad was spearheaded by major tech companies including Google, Facebook, Apple and Microsoft. After Trump’s announcement, Goldman Sachs CEO Lloyd Blankfein (pictured) published his first tweet ever, condemning the move as “a setback for the environment and for the U.S.'s leadership position in the world.” Even major coal companies like Peabody and Cloud Peak urged Trump to stay in the agreement, fearing lost government support for expensive “carbon capture” technology and lost access to foreign markets.  Many of these outfits are bêtes noires to the left, understandably. They include fossil fuel producers that have harmed the environment, Wall Street institutions that have exacerbated economic inequality, and corporations that have practiced extreme tax avoidance. Yet when it came to an issue of critical importance to the fate of the planet, these corporations fought on the right side of history. Progressives should take note, as they need all the help they can get. After Trump’s colossal snub, the battle to the save the planet will likely play a bigger role in our upcoming elections than ever before. But that doesn’t guarantee an electoral boon for Democrats. Clear majorities of voters accept the scientific consensus warning us of an overheating world. Yet specific proposals for action inevitably attract fierce counterattacks, raising fears of lost jobs and higher energy costs. Climate warriors could use reinforcements, credible surrogates who can neutralize economic scare tactics. For example, Trump justified his pullout on economic grounds, claiming that by 2040, “the cost to the economy at this time would be close to $3 trillion in lost GDP and 6.5 million industrial jobs, while households would have $7,000 less income, and in many cases, much worse than that.” He was citing a flimsy study commissioned by the U.S. Chamber of Commerce – a fierce opponent of Paris pact, proving how out of step it is with the businesses it purports to represent. The Washington Post’s fact-checking unit explained how the authors skewed their findings to please their client: “the study assumed a scenario that no policy analyst expects — that the United States takes drastic steps to meet the Obama pledge of a 26 to 28 percent reduction in emissions by 2025. Moreover, the study did not consider possible benefits from reducing climate change.” But all holding up a copy of the Washington Post gets you these days is a knee-jerk cry of “fake news.” Far more useful to the climate cause would be legions of CEOs loudly declaring – in TV ads, YouTube videos, protest marches and candidate endorsements – that their bottom lines will be far better off with American leadership on the climate than with American retreat. Most corporations are more amoral than immoral. They may not love government regulation, but they crave regulatory certainty. They can’t survive without long-term planning and investment. In turn, they are not served by climate science denial and delusional talking points. They need a clear-eyed view of what the future holds, and a regulatory regime that allows them to still earn a profit. That doesn’t make them natural progressive allies. But it does make them reality-based. And the broadest possible anti-Trump coalition can be built on a commitment to reality-based governing. Nurturing such close cooperation between progressive activists and corporate titans is not so simple. Their political agendas diverge in a host of other areas including taxes, regulation, labor rights and even the particulars of climate protections. If progressives are too dependent on corporations, then corporations could dictate the Democratic Party agenda and thwart the ambitions of the party’s populist wing. However, those committed to a single-payer health-care system, a $15 minimum wage, a cap on bank size and stiff taxes on the top 1 percent need not shelve their agenda to form a climate coalition with Corporate America. Partners on one issue often joust over another. But populist progressives would have to shelve some of their most pointed anti-corporate rhetoric. If the word “corporate” is constantly used as a toxic epithet, then a corporate endorsement has diminished value. Right-wing populists can more easily characterize the business support as proof of insidious globalism designed to crush small business, family farms and individual consumers. Instead of painting with broad brushes, progressives should be more surgical when targeting bad corporate behavior, so productive alliances with corporations can be forged when opportunity knocks. Progressives have become accustomed to viewing corporations as multi-tentacled monsters, swamping Washington with dark money and suffocating hope for policies that would serve the public good. But the corporate response to Paris should prompt a reassessment. Sometimes the progressive and corporate agendas overlap. When they do, take advantage. Bill Scher is executive editor of LiberalOasis and a contributor to RealClearPolitics. He can be reached at contact@liberaloasis.com or follow him on Twitter @BillScher. Related Topics: Corporate America, Environmentalism, Paris Climate Agreement Comment Show commentsHide Comments RCP Log In | Register Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. ©2017 RealClearPolitics | Go to full site
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Banco Santander S.A. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Banco Santander S.A. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Amber Road Inc (AMBR) VP Sells $30,528.60 in Stock Insider Selling: Delek US Holdings, Inc. (DK) Director Sells $43,316.00 in Stock Insider Selling: Acme United Co. (ACU) CEO Sells $38,321.43 in Stock Insider Buying: Ryerson Holding Corp (RYI) CEO Purchases $43,800.00 in Stock First Defiance Financial (FDEF) Earns Daily News Impact Rating of 0.33 Och-Ziff Capital Management Group LLC (OZM) Downgraded by ValuEngine to Hold OM Asset Management PLC (OMAM) Downgraded by ValuEngine to Hold Petrobras Argentina SA (PZE) Upgraded to Strong-Buy by ValuEngine Patriot National Inc (PN) Lowered to “Sell” at ValuEngine Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd (RCL) Upgraded by ValuEngine to Buy Earthstone Energy (ESTE) Earns Coverage Optimism Rating of 0.27 Spark Investment Management LLC Increases Position in Wi-Lan Inc (WILN) MKS Instruments, Inc. (MKSI) Receives $79.75 Consensus Price Target from Brokerages Yahoo! Inc. (YHOO) Shares Bought by Axa Spark Investment Management LLC Has $1.67 Million Position in ClubCorp Holdings Inc (MYCC) Haverty Furniture Companies, Inc. (HVT) Given Average Recommendation of “Hold” by Analysts iShares NASDAQ Biotechnology Index (IBB) Position Held by Glassman Wealth Services First Interstate Bank Sells 85 Shares of Unilever NV (UN) First Interstate Bank Has $581,000 Position in Varian Medical Systems, Inc. (VAR) Tributary Capital Management LLC Sells 7,400 Shares of Citrix Systems, Inc. (CTXS) Banco Santander, S.A. (SAN) Given Average Recommendation of “Buy” by Brokerages June 4th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Tyrone Williams Filed Under: Consensus Rating Articles - Finance Tweet Shares of Banco Santander, S.A. (BME:SAN) have earned a consensus recommendation of “Buy” from the five analysts that are currently covering the firm, MarketBeat reports. Two equities research analysts have rated the stock with a hold recommendation and three have issued a buy recommendation on the company. The average twelve-month target price among brokers that have issued ratings on the stock in the last year is €6.60 ($7.42). Several research analysts recently issued reports on the stock. JPMorgan Chase & Co. set a €6.70 ($7.53) price target on shares of Banco Santander, and gave the stock a “buy” rating in a research report on Thursday. Deutsche Bank AG set a €6.10 ($6.85) price target on Banco Santander, and gave the company a “buy” rating in a research note on Tuesday, May 30th. HSBC Holdings plc set a €6.65 ($7.47) price target on Banco Santander, and gave the company a “neutral” rating in a research note on Monday, May 29th. Citigroup Inc set a €5.95 ($6.69) price target on Banco Santander, and gave the company a “neutral” rating in a research note on Monday, May 22nd. Finally, Goldman Sachs Group Inc set a €7.60 ($8.54) target price on Banco Santander, and gave the stock a “buy” rating in a research note on Saturday, May 20th. Shares of Banco Santander, (BME SAN) traded down 0.15% during mid-day trading on Tuesday, reaching $6.55. 8,137,102 shares of the company traded hands. The stock has a market capitalization of $95.50 billion and a PE ratio of 14.03. The stock’s 50 day moving average is $6.51 and its 200 day moving average is $5.68. Banco Santander, has a 52-week low of $3.60 and a 52-week high of $6.99. TRADEMARK VIOLATION WARNING: “Banco Santander, S.A. (SAN) Given Average Recommendation of “Buy” by Brokerages” was originally posted by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are accessing this piece on another publication, it was illegally copied and republished in violation of U.S. and international trademark & copyright law. The legal version of this piece can be viewed at https://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/06/04/banco-santander-s-a-san-given-average-recommendation-of-buy-by-brokerages.html. Banco Santander, Company Profile Banco Santander, SA is a retail and commercial bank. The Banks segments include Continental Europe, the United Kingdom, Latin America and the United States. The Continental Europe segment covers all businesses in the Continental Europe. The United Kingdom segment includes the businesses developed by various units and branches in the country. Receive News & Ratings for Banco Santander S.A. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Banco Santander S.A. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Trump’s Tweets Complicate Already Complicated Week World Leaders Very Critical of Paris Agreement Decision by Trump Aide to President Trump Resigns With More Expected Scud-Class Missile Launched by North Korea Travel Ban Dealt Another Blow by Appeals Court © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Social Icons Sunday Aaj kal Business Plus TGIF Zaiqa TV Contact us Sunday Aaj kal Business Plus TGIF Zaiqa TV Contact us Menu Home PAKISTAN Punjab Sindh Islamabad Balochistan Khyber Pakhtunkhwa World Business Sports Life and Style Music Fashion Tv & Film Gossip Food Books Opinion Editorial Cartoons Letters Blog E-paper Home PAKISTAN Punjab Sindh Islamabad Balochistan Khyber Pakhtunkhwa World Business Sports Life and Style Music Fashion Tv & Film Gossip Food Books Opinion Editorial Cartoons Letters Blog E-paper Qatar and UK continue to count the cost of Barclays bailout   05-Jun-17 by Frank Kane Be careful what you wish for in the world of international banking — you might just get it. That is one of the lessons to be learned from the whirlwind of allegations, legal actions and official investigations into the 2008 deal that “saved” British bank Barclays from looming catastrophe at the height of the global financial crisis. In September of that year, Lehman Brothers, the blue-blood Wall Street bank, had gone bust; Bear Stearns, another venerable New York institution, had been taken over in a fire sale by JP Morgan Chase. Banks around the world were looking anxiously at their balance sheets, and their shareholders’ pockets, for reassurance that they were not the next domino to fall. In the UK, there were already grim noises about Royal Bank of Scotland, Lloyds TSB and Halifax / Bank of Scotland. All were deemed to be vulnerable to the dramatic falls in asset values prompted by the collapse of US sub-prime real estate. In fact, those three were just days away from being effectively taken over by the British government in a £500 billion bailout that saved their historic names but at the price of their independence. They, and the British taxpayer are still feeling the financial repercussions today. Of the two other big names of British banking — HSBC and Barclays — the former was deemed to be relatively insulated against the worst effects of the American collapse. With its big Asian balance sheet and comparatively small US exposure, HSBC could stand on its own. The same was not true of Barclays. It was already under such pressure that a few months earlier it had agreed a capital injection underwritten by Qatar Holding, a subsidiary of the Arabian Gulf state’s sovereign wealth fund, its then Prime Minister Sheikh Hamad bin Jassim Al-Thani, and Temasek, the Singapore wealth fund, in exchange for £4.5 billion of ordinary shares in Barclays. But in the financial hurricane, that was not enough, and a short time later Barclays again went to the Gulf for help: To Qatar, again, and also this time to Abu Dhabi, the UAE capital, for a total of £7.3 billion of debt and quasi-equity instruments. It is this second round of financial help that has led to Barclays’ current predicament. The UK Serious Fraud Office (SFO), its most aggressive financial investigator, is examining allegations that this deal was accompanied by inducements and loans totaling £2.4 billion to Qatar to compensate the country for the losses it had sustained on the first capital injection. That would be contrary to British law and could result in charges of criminal corporate activity against the bank and senior executives involved in the deals. The bank and executives have denied wrongdoing but the SFO has delayed a decision on whether to proceed with criminal charges until the middle of next month. Simultaneously, Barclays is being sued by PCP Partners, a private equity company involved in the fundraising and run by Amanda Staveley, a well-known financier in Gulf circles. She is claiming that there was deceit in the dealings between Barclays and the Gulf investors and wants £721 million plus interest she says she is owed by the bank. Barclays is believed to be contesting the case. The legal firestorm has come at a sensitive time for UK-Qatar relations. In the post-Brexit uncertainty, Britain does not want to alienate any big investor, but especially Qatar, which has sunk £35 billion into UK assets, including trophies like London’s Shard skyscraper, the iconic department store Harrods and landmark hotels like Claridge’s. Barclays got what it wanted in 2008, but the bank, and the UK might not like the eventual price.     Daily Times Company Financials Investor Information Privacy Policy Terms and Conditions Copyright © 2017 Daily Times
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Whitbread plc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Whitbread plc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News O Shaughnessy Asset Management LLC Raises Stake in Rudolph Technologies Inc (RTEC) Piermont Capital Management Inc. Buys Shares of 47,618 Cytokinetics, Inc. (CYTK) ClariVest Asset Management LLC Takes Position in Eagle Bancorp, Inc. (EGBN) O Shaughnessy Asset Management LLC Buys 1,352 Shares of Lakeland Financial Co. (LKFN) Piermont Capital Management Inc. Takes Position in Toro Co (TTC) O Shaughnessy Asset Management LLC Sells 102 Shares of SkyWest, Inc. (SKYW) O Shaughnessy Asset Management LLC Sells 10 Shares of Greif, Inc. (GEF) Piermont Capital Management Inc. Maintains Stake in Urban Outfitters, Inc. (URBN) O Shaughnessy Asset Management LLC Sells 699 Shares of MarketAxess Holdings Inc. (MKTX) ClariVest Asset Management LLC Buys New Stake in Barracuda Networks Inc (CUDA) Tompkins Financial Co. (TMP) Shares Bought by O Shaughnessy Asset Management LLC Amber Road Inc (AMBR) VP Sells $30,528.60 in Stock Insider Selling: Delek US Holdings, Inc. (DK) Director Sells $43,316.00 in Stock Insider Selling: Acme United Co. (ACU) CEO Sells $38,321.43 in Stock Insider Buying: Ryerson Holding Corp (RYI) CEO Purchases $43,800.00 in Stock First Defiance Financial (FDEF) Earns Daily News Impact Rating of 0.33 Och-Ziff Capital Management Group LLC (OZM) Downgraded by ValuEngine to Hold OM Asset Management PLC (OMAM) Downgraded by ValuEngine to Hold Petrobras Argentina SA (PZE) Upgraded to Strong-Buy by ValuEngine Patriot National Inc (PN) Lowered to “Sell” at ValuEngine Whitbread plc (WTB) Given Average Rating of “Hold” by Analysts June 4th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Stacy Sanders Filed Under: Consensus Rating Articles - Finance Tweet Shares of Whitbread plc (LON:WTB) have been given an average recommendation of “Hold” by the sixteen research firms that are presently covering the company, Marketbeat Ratings reports. Three research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, five have issued a hold rating and eight have issued a buy rating on the company. The average 1-year price target among brokerages that have issued ratings on the stock in the last year is GBX 4,207.31 ($54.04). Several analysts have weighed in on the stock. Barclays PLC lifted their price objective on shares of Whitbread plc from GBX 3,875 ($49.78) to GBX 3,925 ($50.42) and gave the stock an “equal weight” rating in a research note on Thursday, May 25th. Goldman Sachs Group Inc cut shares of Whitbread plc to a “sell” rating and dropped their price objective for the stock from GBX 4,000 ($51.38) to GBX 3,900 ($50.10) in a research note on Friday. Panmure Gordon reiterated a “hold” rating and issued a GBX 3,800 ($48.81) price objective on shares of Whitbread plc in a research note on Tuesday, April 25th. Shore Capital reiterated a “buy” rating and issued a GBX 3,939 ($50.60) price objective on shares of Whitbread plc in a research note on Monday, February 20th. Finally, JPMorgan Chase & Co. reiterated a “neutral” rating and issued a GBX 4,000 ($51.38) price objective on shares of Whitbread plc in a research note on Wednesday, May 17th. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION WARNING: This article was first published by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are reading this article on another site, it was stolen and reposted in violation of U.S. and international trademark and copyright legislation. The legal version of this article can be viewed at https://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/06/04/whitbread-plc-wtb-given-average-rating-of-hold-by-analysts.html. In other news, insider Adam Crozier bought 1,000 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction on Monday, May 15th. The shares were purchased at an average cost of GBX 4,074 ($52.33) per share, with a total value of £40,740 ($52,331.41). Whitbread plc (WTB) traded down 1.6985% on Tuesday, hitting GBX 4232.6680. 841,620 shares of the stock traded hands. The firm’s 50 day moving average is GBX 4,148.11 and its 200 day moving average is GBX 3,898.31. The stock’s market cap is GBX 7.72 billion. Whitbread plc has a 52 week low of GBX 3,283.00 and a 52 week high of GBX 4,380.00. The company also recently announced a dividend, which will be paid on Friday, June 30th. Shareholders of record on Thursday, May 25th will be issued a GBX 65.90 ($0.85) dividend. This is a positive change from Whitbread plc’s previous dividend of $29.90. This represents a yield of 1.65%. The ex-dividend date is Thursday, May 25th. Whitbread plc Company Profile Whitbread PLC is a hospitality company. The Company operates hotels, coffee shops and restaurants. The Company operates in two segments: Hotels & Restaurants, and Costa. The Hotels & Restaurants segment provides services in relation to accommodation and food. The Costa segment consists of operations of its branded, owned and franchised coffee outlets. Receive News & Ratings for Whitbread plc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Whitbread plc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Trump’s Tweets Complicate Already Complicated Week World Leaders Very Critical of Paris Agreement Decision by Trump Aide to President Trump Resigns With More Expected Scud-Class Missile Launched by North Korea Travel Ban Dealt Another Blow by Appeals Court © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Servicemaster Global Holdings Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Servicemaster Global Holdings Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Digiliti Money Group Inc (DGLT) Raised to “Hold” at Zacks Investment Research JPMorgan Chase & Co. Reaffirms “Neutral” Rating for Cree, Inc. (CREE) Dynavax Technologies Co. (DVAX) Downgraded by ValuEngine to Strong Sell Analyzing Global Eagle Entertainment (ENT) & Comcast (CMCSK) CIGNA Co. (CI) Upgraded to Buy at ValuEngine Kopin (KOPN) versus Qorvo (QRVO) Financial Contrast Pacer Advisors Inc. Has $339,000 Stake in Regions Financial Corp (RF) Buckingham Capital Management Inc. Reduces Position in Delta Air Lines, Inc. (DAL) Illumina, Inc. (ILMN) Shares Bought by Nordea Investment Management AB Casey's General Stores Inc (CASY) Stake Boosted by Nordea Investment Management AB 25,494 Shares in Weibo Corp (WB) Acquired by Nordea Investment Management AB Tortoise Investment Management LLC Sells 765 Shares of Delta Air Lines, Inc. (DAL) Mason Street Advisors LLC Purchases 520 Shares of BancorpSouth, Inc. (BXS) Pacer Advisors Inc. Purchases 44 Shares of Essex Property Trust Inc (ESS) Pacer Advisors Inc. Purchases 1,080 Shares of Clean Harbors Inc (CLH) Pacer Advisors Inc. Purchases New Position in Science Applications International Corp (SAIC) Pacer Advisors Inc. Has $338,000 Stake in Ciena Co. (CIEN) Envestnet Asset Management Inc. Sells 624 Shares of ICU Medical (ICUI) Mercantile Bank Corp. (MBWM) Expected to Announce Quarterly Sales of $31.16 Million Tata Motors Limited (TTM) Earns News Sentiment Rating of -0.07 $789.93 Million in Sales Expected for Servicemaster Global Holdings Inc (SERV) This Quarter June 4th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Patrick Bannon Filed Under: Consensus Rating Articles - Finance Tweet Equities research analysts forecast that Servicemaster Global Holdings Inc (NYSE:SERV) will announce sales of $789.93 million for the current quarter, according to Zacks. Two analysts have provided estimates for Servicemaster Global Holdings’ earnings, with the highest sales estimate coming in at $790.92 million and the lowest estimate coming in at $788.94 million. Servicemaster Global Holdings posted sales of $747.00 million during the same quarter last year, which suggests a positive year-over-year growth rate of 5.7%. The company is expected to issue its next earnings report on Thursday, July 27th. On average, analysts expect that Servicemaster Global Holdings will report full-year sales of $789.93 million for the current fiscal year, with estimates ranging from $2.90 billion to $2.91 billion. For the next fiscal year, analysts forecast that the company will post sales of $3.05 billion per share, with estimates ranging from $3.05 billion to $3.06 billion. Zacks’ sales averages are an average based on a survey of sell-side research analysts that cover Servicemaster Global Holdings. Servicemaster Global Holdings (NYSE:SERV) last released its quarterly earnings data on Thursday, April 27th. The business services provider reported $0.34 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, missing the Zacks’ consensus estimate of $0.38 by $0.04. Servicemaster Global Holdings had a net margin of 5.23% and a return on equity of 44.95%. The business had revenue of $643 million during the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $638.52 million. During the same period in the previous year, the business earned $0.34 earnings per share. The business’s quarterly revenue was up 5.8% on a year-over-year basis. A number of brokerages have recently weighed in on SERV. Instinet boosted their target price on Servicemaster Global Holdings from $30.00 to $32.00 and gave the stock a “reduce” rating in a research note on Thursday, May 25th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. began coverage on Servicemaster Global Holdings in a research note on Thursday, April 20th. They issued an “overweight” rating and a $49.00 target price on the stock. Piper Jaffray Companies restated an “overweight” rating and issued a $49.00 target price on shares of Servicemaster Global Holdings in a research note on Thursday, April 6th. Finally, Zacks Investment Research upgraded Servicemaster Global Holdings from a “sell” rating to a “hold” rating in a research note on Wednesday, March 15th. Two equities research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, one has assigned a hold rating and five have given a buy rating to the stock. Servicemaster Global Holdings has a consensus rating of “Hold” and an average target price of $42.00. Servicemaster Global Holdings (SERV) traded up 0.95% during mid-day trading on Thursday, hitting $39.12. The stock had a trading volume of 442,115 shares. The firm’s 50-day moving average price is $38.59 and its 200-day moving average price is $38.71. The stock has a market cap of $5.24 billion, a PE ratio of 34.62 and a beta of 1.02. Servicemaster Global Holdings has a 1-year low of $32.41 and a 1-year high of $42.45. In related news, SVP Susan Hunsberger sold 16,666 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Wednesday, March 8th. The stock was sold at an average price of $40.05, for a total value of $667,473.30. Following the transaction, the senior vice president now owns 28,313 shares in the company, valued at $1,133,935.65. The transaction was disclosed in a document filed with the SEC, which is available through the SEC website. Also, insider Timothy M. Haynes sold 6,265 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Friday, March 10th. The shares were sold at an average price of $40.15, for a total value of $251,539.75. Following the completion of the transaction, the insider now owns 17,335 shares in the company, valued at approximately $696,000.25. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. 1.40% of the stock is currently owned by corporate insiders. A number of institutional investors have recently bought and sold shares of the stock. Longview Partners Guernsey LTD increased its position in Servicemaster Global Holdings by 232.1% in the third quarter. Longview Partners Guernsey LTD now owns 9,163,419 shares of the business services provider’s stock valued at $308,624,000 after buying an additional 6,403,781 shares during the last quarter. Cantillon Capital Management LLC increased its position in Servicemaster Global Holdings by 14.4% in the third quarter. Cantillon Capital Management LLC now owns 6,553,162 shares of the business services provider’s stock valued at $220,710,000 after buying an additional 823,839 shares during the last quarter. Incline Global Management LLC purchased a new position in Servicemaster Global Holdings during the third quarter valued at approximately $38,720,000. Steinberg Asset Management LLC purchased a new position in Servicemaster Global Holdings during the third quarter valued at approximately $4,837,000. Finally, Highbridge Capital Management LLC increased its position in Servicemaster Global Holdings by 123.2% in the third quarter. Highbridge Capital Management LLC now owns 65,976 shares of the business services provider’s stock valued at $2,223,000 after buying an additional 36,419 shares during the last quarter. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION NOTICE: “$789.93 Million in Sales Expected for Servicemaster Global Holdings Inc (SERV) This Quarter” was first posted by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are viewing this article on another website, it was copied illegally and reposted in violation of United States and international copyright laws. The correct version of this article can be accessed at https://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/06/04/789-93-million-in-sales-expected-for-servicemaster-global-holdings-inc-serv-this-quarter.html. About Servicemaster Global Holdings ServiceMaster Global Holdings, Inc is a provider of essential residential and commercial services. The Company operates through three segments: Terminix, American Home Shield and the Franchise Services Group. Its portfolio of brands includes Terminix, American Home Shield, ServiceMaster Restore, ServiceMaster Clean, Merry Maids, Furniture Medic and AmeriSpec. Get a free copy of the Zacks research report on Servicemaster Global Holdings (SERV) For more information about research offerings from Zacks Investment Research, visit Zacks.com Receive News & Ratings for Servicemaster Global Holdings Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Servicemaster Global Holdings Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Jeff Sessions Spoke of Resigning After Tensions Increase with Trump President Trump’s Tweets Complicate Already Complicated Week World Leaders Very Critical of Paris Agreement Decision by Trump Aide to President Trump Resigns With More Expected Scud-Class Missile Launched by North Korea © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Bloomberg the Company & Its ProductsBloomberg Anywhere Remote LoginBloomberg Anywhere LoginBloomberg Terminal Demo Request Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. For Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Software Updates Manage Contracts and Orders Support Americas+1 212 318 2000 EMEA+44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific+65 6212 1000 Company Bloomberg London About Careers Diversity and Inclusion Philanthropy and Engagement Spaces Sustainability Tech Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Products Bloomberg Terminal Execution and Order Management Data and Content Financial Data Management Integration and Distribution Bloomberg Tradebook Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg Markets Bloomberg Technology Bloomberg Pursuits Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg Opinion Bloomberg Businessweek Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Company Bloomberg London About Careers Diversity and Inclusion Philanthropy and Engagement Spaces Sustainability Tech Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Products Bloomberg Terminal Execution and Order Management Data and Content Financial Data Management Integration and Distribution Bloomberg Tradebook Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg Markets Bloomberg Technology Bloomberg Pursuits Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg Opinion Bloomberg Businessweek Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. For Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Software Updates Manage Contracts and Orders Support Americas+1 212 318 2000 EMEA+44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific+65 6212 1000 MENU About The Company Bloomberg London Homepage Markets Stocks Currencies Commodities Rates + Bonds Economics Magazine Benchmark Watchlist Economic Calendar Tech U.S. Global Startups Bloomberg Technology TV Gadgets With Gurman Digital Defense Studio 1.0 Focus On: Infrastructure Pursuits Cars & Bikes Style & Grooming Spend Watches & Gadgets Food & Drinks Travel Real Estate Art & Design Brilliant Ideas Politics Global Risk Briefing How We’ll Know if Trump Is Making America Great Again Tracking Trump’s Web of Conflicts GOP’s Health Plan: Tracking Key Changes One Amendment at a Time Kim Jong Un’s Big Nuclear Push Is Closing In on America Opinion View Gadfly Businessweek Subscribe Cover Stories Opening Remarks Etc Features 85th Anniversary Issue Behind The Cover More Climate Changed Video Series: Ventures Graphics Billionaires Game Plan Small Business Personal Finance Inspire GO The David Rubenstein Show Sponsored Content Sign In Sign In Subscribe Australia Has Become a Lonely Rate-Cut Candidate by James Thornhill @JamesThornhill6 More stories by James Thornhill June 4, 2017, 3:00 PM EDT June 4, 2017, 10:07 PM EDT Market bets increase on year-end easing with GDP looking weak All economists expect cash rate on hold at Tuesday meeting A month can be a long time in economics. Since the Reserve Bank of Australia’s last policy decision on May 2, market bets on an interest-rate cut by the end of this year have doubled. While that chance is still only about 20 percent, swaps traders see Australia as one of just two developed economies where cuts are possible in the coming year after data during May pointed to anemic growth in the first quarter. Philip Lowe Photographer: Brendon Thorne/Bloomberg For now, a mixed picture means Governor Philip Lowe will likely hold the benchmark rate at a record-low 1.5 percent on Tuesday. While reports since the RBA’s last meeting show strong employment gains and a surprise rebound in retail sales, construction has been soft and wage growth stagnant. Signs of a cooling housing market could also give the central bank leeway to ease down the track, after prices dropped in May for the first time in 18 months. “I’ve got high conviction in our view that rates will go lower,” said Sally Auld, chief economist for Australia at JPMorgan Chase & Co. in Sydney, who expects a rate cut next quarter. “We see risks that growth and inflation will probably disappoint relative to the RBA’s forecast.” The doves are still very much a minority. More than half of 26 economists surveyed by Bloomberg expect the cash rate to be on hold until at least the middle of next year, with six predicting a hike by then; Auld is among just five forecasting a cut. No economists expect any change on Tuesday. There are two factors likely to keep the RBA on hold this month, Auld said. First, it’s awaiting more evidence of how lending curbs are impacting the hot east-coast property markets. Prices in the country’s five biggest cities fell 1.1 percent in May, according to a CoreLogic report last week, including a 1.3 percent drop in Sydney. Read more: What’s driving Australia’s real estate boom? Secondly, uncertainty surrounds the temporary effects of Cyclone Debbie, which knocked out mine-to-port rail lines in the North Queensland coal fields for several weeks in April, meaning exports are likely to take a significant hit. The most important market news of the day. Get our markets daily newsletter. Sign Up The past two weeks have also seen sluggish readings of GDP components. Ahead of first-quarter data due Wednesday,  some economists are suggesting a contraction for the three months. That followed a 0.7 percent drop in construction and a modest 0.3 percent rise in business spending in the period. National Australia Bank Ltd. last week even flagged the possibility of a technical recession in the second quarter. The RBA also has an eye on weak consumption. Retail sales grew just 0.1 percent in the first quarter, while some well-known clothing stores, including Herringbone and Topshop Australia, have gone into administration. On a brighter note, sales rebounded 1 percent in April, though that was partly put down to post-cyclone restocking. Despite the better-than-expected monthly result, “the underlying trend remains soft with spending constrained by weak wages growth and elevated underemployment," Kristina Clifton, an economist at Commonwealth Bank of Australia, said in a note. With limited scope to ease policy further, the central bank may be hoping that a ramp up in public spending on infrastructure will help drive growth in the years ahead. In its annual budget in May, the government announced A$75 billion ($56 billion) of investment in projects over the next decade after repeated calls from the RBA and economists for such spending. But the past month’s biggest stimulus was neither the central bank’s or the government’s doing. The Aussie dollar fell 1.3 percent against the U.S. dollar in May as the price of iron ore -- the nation’s biggest export -- continued its decline. “I’m sure they’re particularly happy with the currency here at 74 cents and would prefer to leave it that way,” said Annette Beacher, head of Asia-Pacific research at TD Securities in Singapore. “I think net-net everything is sufficiently mixed for the RBA to sit back.” Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal. LEARN MORE Most Read Bill Gross Says Market Risk Is Highest Since Pre-2008 Crisis Elliott's Singer Warns System May Be More Leveraged Than 2008 Comey Recounts Uneasy Meetings With Trump, Demands for Loyalty The U.A.E. Needs Qatar’s Gas to Keep Dubai’s Lights On Analysts Are Getting Worried About the Euro Terms of Service Trademarks Privacy Policy ©2017 Bloomberg L.P. All Rights Reserved Careers Made in NYC Advertise Ad Choices Website Feedback Help
Home   Street Talk   Personal Finance   Economy   Companies   Markets   Investing & Analysis   Insiders   Money Wire   Subscribe Sponsor Gold Hits $700 by 2018? Here’s Where to Stash Your Cash Instead Home | Economy Tags: Atlanta | Fed | GDP | Growth | Economy Atlanta Fed Slashes 2nd-Quarter GDP Growth View to 3.4 Percent Saajid-Abuluaih/Dreamstime Sunday, 04 Jun 2017 01:11 PM Close  More ways to share... Stumbled LinkedIn Vine Reddit Delicious Newstrust Tell my politician Technocrati Short URL| Email Article| Comment| Contact| Print|     A   A    The U.S. economy is expected to expand at a 3.4 percent annualized pace in the second quarter based on a weaker-than-expected report on domestic payrolls in May, the Atlanta Federal Reserve's latest GDP Now forecast model showed. The latest second-quarter gross domestic product estimate was slower than the previous reading of 4.0 percent calculated on Thursday, the Atlanta Fed said. The apparent downgrade came just after U.S. job growth slowed in May and employment gains in the prior two months were not as strong as previously reported, suggesting the labor market was losing momentum despite the unemployment rate falling to a 16-year low of 4.3 percent. Nonfarm payrolls increased 138,000 last month as the manufacturing, government and retail sectors lost jobs, the Labor Department said on Friday. The economy created 66,000 fewer jobs than previously reported in March and April. Last month's job gains could still be sufficient for the Federal Reserve to raise interest rates at its June 13-14 policy meeting. The economy needs to create 75,000 to 100,000 jobs per month to keep up with growth in the working-age population. "While the message was a little muddied today, the evidence generally suggests the labor market is cyclically tightening, and the Fed will need to continue to lean against that," said Michael Feroli, an economist at JPMorgan in New York. "We still believe it is very likely that the Fed will hike later this month. Perhaps more in question is the signal coming out of that meeting regarding subsequent hikes." Details of the employment report were weak. Though the unemployment rate fell one-tenth of a percentage point to its lowest level since May 2001, that was because 429,000 people dropped out of the labor force. The survey of households from which the unemployment rate is derived also showed a drop in employment. The jobless rate has declined five-tenths of a percentage point this year. Average hourly earnings rose 4 cents or 0.2 percent in May after a similar gain in April, leaving the year-on-year increase in wages at 2.5 percent. Job growth has decelerated from the 181,000 monthly average over the past 12 months as the labor market nears full employment. There is growing anecdotal evidence of companies struggling to find qualified workers. Economists also believe that companies might be holding off hiring amid worries political scandals engulfing President Donald Trump could imperil his economic agenda, including tax cuts and infrastructure spending. "Political uncertainty in Washington is another factor holding back the job market," said Sung Won Sohn, an economics professor at California State University Channel Islands in Camarillo. "The probability that any of the Trump stimulus would become reality has decreased significantly in recent weeks." Economists had forecast payrolls increasing 185,000 last month and the unemployment rate holding steady at 4.4 percent. The Fed raised interest rates in March. A Reuters survey of banks that do business directly with the Fed, conducted after the employment report, showed all 18 primary dealers polled expected the U.S. central bank to raise rates this month. Ten forecast further monetary policy tightening in September and only six saw a rate hike in December. © 2017 Thomson/Reuters. All rights reserved. Click Here to comment on this article Close  More ways to share... Stumbled LinkedIn Vine Reddit Delicious Newstrust Tell my politician Technocrati Short URL| Email Article| Comment| Contact| Print|     A   A    1Like our page 2Share Share Economy The U.S. economy is expected to expand at a 3.4 percent annualized pace in the second quarter based on a weaker-than-expected report on domestic payrolls in May, the Atlanta Federal Reserve's latest GDP Now forecast model showed. Atlanta, Fed, GDP, Growth, Economy 521 Sunday, 04 Jun 2017 01:11 PM 2017-11-04 Around The Web Powered by Newsmax Join the Newsmax Community Register To Comment Login To Comment Please review Community Guidelines before posting a comment. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. blog comments powered by Disqus   Free Newsmax E-Alerts Email: Country: Zip Code: Privacy: We never share your email.   Mortgage Rates Get Today's Low Rates Widget Request a mortgage or refinance Powered by Take A Look At This Recommended by Newsmax Most Commented Larry Kudlow: Trump Is Right to Withdraw From Climate Deal Thursday, 01 Jun 2017 | 143 comments This is right for us. We shouldn't have to be part of an agreement that is... CNBC's Ron Insana: Jobs Report Could Be Start of 'Worrying Trend' Friday, 02 Jun 2017 | 31 comments Believe nothing - absolutely nothing that originates from Ron Insana. He... Analysts: Leaving Climate Deal Likely Wouldn't Add US Jobs Thursday, 01 Jun 2017 | 62 comments "Leaving Climate Deal Likely Wouldn't Add US Jobs"....what an absolutely... The World's $100 Trillion Question: Why Is Inflation So Low? Tuesday, 06 Jun 2017 | 19 comments Where's the inflation? Anyone who goes food shopping or shopping for basic... Trump's Twitter Criticism of London Mayor May Harm Relations Monday, 05 Jun 2017 | 14 comments Trump's just telling everybody the hard truths of the real world.Sometimes... Home   Street Talk   Personal Finance   Economy   Companies   Markets   Investing & Analysis   Insiders   Money Wire   Subscribe Newsmax, Moneynews, Newsmax Health, and Independent. American. are registered trademarks of Newsmax Media, Inc. Newsmax TV, and Newsmax World are trademarks of Newsmax Media, Inc. NEWSMAX.COM MONEYNEWS.COM © Newsmax Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved Contact | Advertise | Shop | RSS | Archives | Links | Careers | Privacy Policy | Terms & Conditions
Normangee Star Finance Market Industry Companies People Contacts About Our staff Contacts Terms of use Privacy The Sage Group plc (SGE) Given “Sell” Rating at Canaccord Genuity 04.06.2017 Madeline Patrick 0 Comment (NYSE:CRI) to report earnings on July, 26. The share price of the company (LON:RPC) was up +0.76% during the last trading session, with a high of 867.50 during the day and the volume of RPC Group shares traded was 0. TSCO’s profit will be $106.47M for 35.60 P/E if the $1.30 EPS becomes a reality. About 53,230 shares traded. The stock increased 0.84% or $0.16 on May 26, reaching $19.15. It has underperformed by 16.70% the S&P500. Aqr Capital Mngmt has 0.01% invested in INC Research Holdings Inc (NASDAQ:INCR). The Nebraska-based Walnut Private Equity Partners Llc has invested 8.17% in the stock. 09/02/2017 – RPC Group had its “Add” rating reiterated by analysts at numis. They presently have a GBX 625 ($8.03) price objective on the oil and gas exploration company’s stock. The firm earned “Neutral” rating on Wednesday, April 13 by BNP Paribas. 01/03/2017 – GKN had its “Overweight” rating reiterated by analysts at JP Morgan Cazenove. The firm has “Hold” rating by Societe Generale given on Monday, November 9. N+1 Singer maintained Grainger PLC (LON:GRI) on Wednesday, October 7 with “Buy” rating. JPMorgan Chase & Co. reissued an “overweight” rating and issued a GBX 900 ($11.56) price objective on shares of Inchcape plc in a research note on Wednesday, March 8th. Smith Asset Mgmt Ltd Partnership holds 66,757 shares or 0.1% of its portfolio. This represents a dividend yield of 2.86%. Citigroup Inc boosted their price objective on Sophos Group PLC from GBX 325 ($4.17) to GBX 380 ($4.88) and gave the stock a “buy” rating in a research note on Wednesday, April 5th. The insider Hendrick Gregory sold $1.62 million. SOTOK FREDERICK A sold 12,000 shares worth $251,162. Great West Life Assurance Can reported 3,167 shares. Among 4 analysts covering IP Group PLC (LON:IPO), 4 have Buy rating, 0 Sell and 0 Hold. The firm’s market capitalization is GBX 770.93 million. The Company operates through four segments: UK & Ireland, Nordics, Southern Europe and Connected World Services (CWS). It now has negative earnings. The Upstream segment is engaged in oil and natural gas exploration, field development and production, as well as midstream transportation, storage and processing. Intertek Group plc (LON:ITRK) has 0.00% since May 30, 2016 and is. Therefore 33% are positive. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION NOTICE: “The Sage Group plc (SGE) Given “Sell” Rating at Canaccord Genuity” was posted by Transcript Daily and is the property of of Transcript Daily. The firm’s 50-day moving average is GBX 1,998.76 and its 200 day moving average is GBX 1,812.21. Johnson & Johnson had 41 analyst reports since August 7, 2015 according to SRatingsIntel. Zacks downgraded the shares of RSG in report on Thursday, August 27 to “Buy” rating. London: In a research report revealed to clients on Tuesday morning, Barclays Capital kept their “Equal weight” rating on shares of Intertek Group PLC (LON:ITRK). The firm has “Buy” rating by Beaufort Securities given on Monday, December 19. Gemfields PLC has a consensus rating of “Buy” and an average target price of GBX 77.75 ($1.01). As per Friday, September 18, the company rating was maintained by Credit Suisse. Its down 0.10, from 1.2 in 2016Q3. It increased, as 56 investors sold Tesco PLC shares while 183 reduced holdings. 88 funds opened positions while 331 raised stakes. Susquehanna Intl Gru Llp reported 95,438 shares stake. Guinness Atkinson Asset Mngmt owns 306,710 shares or 3.69% of their US portfolio. Sei Investments holds 218,090 shares or 0.06% of its portfolio. ← Apple says payouts from App Store total $70bn California, New York form climate alliance after Trump withdraws from Paris accord → Recent Posts How to Watch the NHL Stanley Cup Finals Pittsburgh vs Canadian victim in London attack died in her fiance’s arms Apple announces new iOS 11 features for consumers and developers KAR Auction Services Inc (KAR) Sees Significant Increase in Short Interest Teva Pharmaceutical Industries LTD (TEVA) Holding Held by Price Michael F Copyright © 2017 Normangee Star. All rights reserved. Theme: ColorMag by ThemeGrill. Powered by WordPress.
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Helping the world invest better since 1993. Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Latest Stock Picks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 249% 71% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 116% 58% Income Investor Dividend stocks 46% 43% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 63% 55% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 49% 31% Returns as of 6/8/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks | IRAs | Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2017 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s | 30s | 40s | 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I Reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2017 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Best Small Business Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Our Mission: Helping the World Invest — Better Founded in 1993 by brothers Tom and David Gardner, The Motley Fool helps millions of people attain financial freedom through our website, podcasts, books, newspaper column, radio show, and premium investing services. Latest Stock Picks Stocks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 249% 71% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 116% 58% Income Investor Dividend stocks 46% 43% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 63% 55% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 49% 31% Returns as of 6/8/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks IRAs Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2017 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s Retirement Guide: 30s Retirement Guide: 40s Retirement Guide: 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2016 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Best Small Business Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Community Login Search Search: 7 Time Management Secrets From Exceptionally Successful CEOs How can you manage your time more effectively? Here are seven ways from CEOs of successful companies. Keith Speights (TMFFishBiz) Jun 4, 2017 at 9:43AM The Rolling Stones had it wrong. Time isn't on our side. Every person, regardless of age or occupation, battles the clock. For many of us, there simply doesn't seem to be enough time in each day to accomplish what we need to do. But some manage time more effectively than others. The CEOs of General Electric (NYSE:GE), PepsiCo (NYSE:PEP), Square (NYSE:SQ) and Twitter (NYSE:TWTR), VMWare (NYSE:VMW), the Asset Management division of JPMorgan Chase (NYSE:JPM), LinkedIn (now part of Microsoft (NASDAQ:MSFT)), and Amazon.com (NASDAQ:AMZN) have at least two things in common. They're all executives of well-known companies with products used by millions. And they all have unique ways of managing their time. Here are seven time management secrets from these exceptionally successful CEOs. Image source: Getty Images. 1. Start early in the morning Jeff Immelt has been with General Electric since 1982, and took the reins from previous CEO Jack Welch in 2001. Immelt has a tough job running one of the largest conglomerates with operations spanning the world. One way he squeezes the most out of every day is by starting early: Immelt is up at 5:30 each morning. In 2005, he told Fortune magazine that "there are 24 hours in a day, and you can use all of them." 2. Find a balance between short-term and long-term Indra Nooyi joined PepsiCo in 1994 and was named the CEO of the multinational food and beverage company in 2006. Like GE's Jeff Immelt, Nooyi is also an early bird. She wakes up around 4 a.m. and is usually at work by 7 a.m. One of Nooyi's approaches to managing PepsiCo can also be applied to personal time management: Balance your short-term objectives with your long-term goals. You need to look at the things that pay off in the short run, and balance your time on those items with others that have longer-term returns. 3. Give each day a theme Jack Dorsey really has to be smart at managing his time. He's the CEO and co-founder of social-media company Twitter and payment-processing specialist Square. How does Dorsey run two major companies simultaneously? One way he does it is by giving each day a theme. Dorsey focuses on a different primary area each day of the week. For example, Mondays might be for general management functions, while Tuesdays could be focused on product development, and so on. 4. Color-code your schedule Pat Gelsinger became CEO of VMWare in 2012 after a successful career serving in executive roles with several other technology companies. He told the Wall Street Journal in 2014 that he color-codes every minute of his day on his schedule. Different colors are used for different activities, such as turquoise for meetings with customers and yellow for strategy review. Gelsinger has an intern later analyze how his use of time compares with studies that have been done on executive time management. Image source: Getty Images. 5. Own your calendar While Jamie Dimon is CEO of JPMorgan Chase, Mary Callahan Erdoes is the highly successful CEO of the company's asset-management business. As the leader of one of the largest asset-management companies in the world, Erdoes finds time is crucial. She told CNBC that "calendar management is the single biggest thing" in managing time. Erdoes said that you have to be "maniacally focused on owning your calendar, on having the lists of what you need from other people and what other people need from you." She stated that if you don't own your calendar, it will wind up owning you. 6. Carve out time to think LinkedIn CEO Jeff Weiner led the professional social-network company to sell out to Microsoft last year. However, Weiner still serves as CEO of LinkedIn. And he's probably still applying the time-management tip he gave to The Wall Street Journal five years ago: "carving out time to think." Weiner's advice was to not be constantly reacting to things, instead focusing some time on proactive, strategic thinking. 7. Always focus on your business Warren Buffett said recently that Amazon CEO Jeff Bezos is "the most remarkable businessperson of our age." That's high praise coming from one of the most successful businesspeople of the last century. Bezos employs several methods for managing his time effectively. One of the most important is to always focus on the business: Bezos brainstorms ideas for Amazon during his commute to work, and on airplanes. In his view, every moment of the day can be productive. Teresa Kersten is an employee of LinkedIn and is a member of The Motley Fool's board of directors; LinkedIn is owned by Microsoft. Keith Speights owns shares of JPMorgan Chase and PepsiCo. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Amazon, PepsiCo, and Twitter. The Motley Fool owns shares of General Electric. The Motley Fool recommends VMware. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Keith Speights (TMFFishBiz) Keith began writing for the Fool in 2012 and focuses primarily on healthcare investing topics. His background includes serving in management and consulting for the healthcare technology, health insurance, medical device, and pharmacy benefits management industries. Follow @keithspeights Article Info Jun 4, 2017 at 9:43AM Investment Planning Stocks General Electric NYSE:GE $27.82 up $0.14 (0.49%) Microsoft NASDAQ:MSFT $71.99 down $0.40 (-0.55%) JPMorgan Chase NYSE:JPM $85.02 up $1.11 (1.32%) Amazon NASDAQ:AMZN $1,007.53 down $-2.54 (-0.25%) PepsiCo NYSE:PEP $116.44 down $0.61 (-0.52%) VMware NYSE:VMW $91.43 down $-1.42 (-1.53%) Twitter NYSE:TWTR $17.48 up $0.04 (0.23%) Square NYSE:SQ $24.41 up $0.12 (0.49%) Read More 5 Investing Metrics You Have to Know 3 Stock Buys This $25 Billion Hedge Fund Giant Just Made The 10 Best Stocks in the S&P 500 in 2015 Treacherous Markets? Here's What You Can Do. 3 Megacap Stocks With 5-Year Projected Earnings Growth Rates Above 20% Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Current 7 Time Management Secrets From Exceptionally Successful CEOs @themotleyfool #stocks $GE, $MSFT, $JPM, $AMZN, $PEP, $VMW, $TWTR, $SQ
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance UBS Group AG - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for UBS Group AG with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News ValuEngine Lowers BT Group plc (BT) to Hold Box Inc (BOX) Receives Outperform Rating from Wells Fargo & Co BMO Capital Markets Reaffirms Hold Rating for Bemis Company, Inc. (BMS) Big Lots, Inc. (BIG) Downgraded by ValuEngine Spark Investment Management LLC Has $1,417,000 Position in ArcBest Corp (ARCB) Activision Blizzard, Inc. (ATVI) Shares Sold by Alliancebernstein L.P. Gilder Gagnon Howe & Co. LLC Has $89.26 Million Stake in Activision Blizzard, Inc. (ATVI) Asset Management One Co. Ltd. Reduces Stake in Activision Blizzard, Inc. (ATVI) Investors Buy High Volume of Call Options on Symantec (SYMC) Broadcom Ltd (AVGO) Stake Held by Bp Plc Keybank National Association OH Lowers Position in Broadcom Ltd (AVGO) ANSYS, Inc. (ANSS) Shares Bought by Legal & General Group Plc 252 Shares in Amazon.com, Inc. (AMZN) Acquired by Macnealy Hoover Investment Management Inc. Amgen, Inc. (AMGN) Shares Bought by Intermede Investment Partners Ltd Suntrust Banks Inc. Has $220,000 Position in Amkor Technology, Inc. (AMKR) American International Group Inc. Has $6.59 Million Position in AMC Networks Inc (AMCX) Foster & Motley Inc. Lowers Position in Amgen, Inc. (AMGN) Trexquant Investment LP Takes Position in AMC Networks Inc (AMCX) Amgen, Inc. (AMGN) Shares Bought by IFC Holdings Incorporated FL Associated British Foods plc (ABF) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by HSBC Holdings plc Very Positive Media Coverage Very Unlikely to Impact UBS Group AG (UBS) Stock Price June 4th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Patrick Bannon Filed Under: Finance - News Sentiment Articles Tweet News coverage about UBS Group AG (NYSE:UBS) has trended very positive on Sunday, Alpha One Sentiment reports. The research firm, a subsidiary of Accern, rates the sentiment of news coverage by reviewing more than 20 million news and blog sources. Alpha One ranks coverage of publicly-traded companies on a scale of negative one to one, with scores nearest to one being the most favorable. UBS Group AG earned a coverage optimism score of 0.56 on Alpha One’s scale. Alpha One also gave news headlines about the bank an impact score of 16 out of 100, indicating that recent news coverage is very unlikely to have an impact on the stock’s share price in the next several days. These are some of the headlines that may have effected AlphaOne Sentiment Analysis’s scoring: UBS's Emanuel Sees Disconnect in Markets and Data (finance.yahoo.com) Notable Buzzer: UBS Group AG (UBS) – Morning Times (wallstreetmorning.com) Financial Stocks Newsbeat-) UBS Group AG (USA) (NYSE:UBS), Deutsche Bank AG (USA) (DB) – usstockjournal (usstockjournal.com) UBS Changes Process for Paying Advisers on Retirement Accounts (finance.yahoo.com) CORRECTED-UBS to change how advisers get paid ahead of fiduciary rule deadline (feeds.reuters.com) Several research firms recently commented on UBS. Bank of America Corp raised shares of UBS Group AG from an “underperform” rating to a “neutral” rating in a research note on Tuesday, February 7th. Zacks Investment Research lowered shares of UBS Group AG from a “hold” rating to a “strong sell” rating in a research note on Thursday, April 6th. Rafferty Capital Markets lowered shares of UBS Group AG from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating in a research note on Saturday, April 22nd. Finally, JPMorgan Chase & Co. reissued a “neutral” rating on shares of UBS Group AG in a research note on Tuesday, May 23rd. Three research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, six have issued a hold rating and six have assigned a buy rating to the company. The company presently has a consensus rating of “Hold” and a consensus price target of $16.76. Shares of UBS Group AG (UBS) opened at 16.07 on Friday. The company has a 50 day moving average of $16.44 and a 200 day moving average of $16.14. The stock has a market cap of $59.69 billion, a P/E ratio of 15.96 and a beta of 1.36. UBS Group AG has a 12 month low of $11.93 and a 12 month high of $17.71. UBS Group AG (NYSE:UBS) last released its quarterly earnings data on Friday, April 28th. The bank reported $0.38 earnings per share for the quarter, topping the consensus estimate of $0.30 by $0.08. UBS Group AG had a net margin of 9.26% and a return on equity of 6.03%. The business had revenue of $7.50 billion for the quarter. Equities research analysts expect that UBS Group AG will post $1.34 earnings per share for the current fiscal year. TRADEMARK VIOLATION NOTICE: “Very Positive Media Coverage Very Unlikely to Impact UBS Group AG (UBS) Stock Price” was first posted by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are reading this article on another publication, it was illegally copied and reposted in violation of US & international copyright laws. The original version of this article can be viewed at https://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/06/04/very-positive-media-coverage-very-unlikely-to-impact-ubs-group-ag-ubs-stock-price.html. UBS Group AG Company Profile UBS Group AG is a holding company and conducts its operations through UBS AG and its subsidiaries. The Company comprises Corporate Center and five business divisions: Wealth Management, Wealth Management Americas, Personal & Corporate Banking, Asset Management and the Investment Bank. Wealth Management division provides advice and tailored financial services to wealthy private clients around the world, except those served by Wealth Management Americas. Receive News & Ratings for UBS Group AG Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for UBS Group AG and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Trump’s Tweets Complicate Already Complicated Week World Leaders Very Critical of Paris Agreement Decision by Trump Aide to President Trump Resigns With More Expected Scud-Class Missile Launched by North Korea Travel Ban Dealt Another Blow by Appeals Court © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Conagra Brands Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Conagra Brands Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News First Defiance Financial (FDEF) Earns Daily News Impact Rating of 0.33 Och-Ziff Capital Management Group LLC (OZM) Downgraded by ValuEngine to Hold OM Asset Management PLC (OMAM) Downgraded by ValuEngine to Hold Petrobras Argentina SA (PZE) Upgraded to Strong-Buy by ValuEngine Patriot National Inc (PN) Lowered to “Sell” at ValuEngine Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd (RCL) Upgraded by ValuEngine to Buy Earthstone Energy (ESTE) Earns Coverage Optimism Rating of 0.27 Spark Investment Management LLC Increases Position in Wi-Lan Inc (WILN) MKS Instruments, Inc. (MKSI) Receives $79.75 Consensus Price Target from Brokerages Yahoo! Inc. (YHOO) Shares Bought by Axa Spark Investment Management LLC Has $1.67 Million Position in ClubCorp Holdings Inc (MYCC) Haverty Furniture Companies, Inc. (HVT) Given Average Recommendation of “Hold” by Analysts iShares NASDAQ Biotechnology Index (IBB) Position Held by Glassman Wealth Services First Interstate Bank Sells 85 Shares of Unilever NV (UN) First Interstate Bank Has $581,000 Position in Varian Medical Systems, Inc. (VAR) Tributary Capital Management LLC Sells 7,400 Shares of Citrix Systems, Inc. (CTXS) Brokerages Set Dorel Industries Inc (DIIBF) Target Price at $35.30 Roundview Capital LLC Purchases Shares of 27,735 Unilever NV (UN) Holland Capital Management LLC Sells 107,874 Shares of Whole Foods Market, Inc. (WFM) Marcus Corp (MCS) Receives $38.93 Average Price Target from Brokerages Analysts Expect Conagra Brands Inc (CAG) Will Announce Quarterly Sales of $1.86 Billion June 4th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Patrick Bannon Filed Under: Consensus Rating Articles - Finance Tweet Wall Street analysts expect Conagra Brands Inc (NYSE:CAG) to post $1.86 billion in sales for the current quarter, Zacks reports. Four analysts have made estimates for Conagra Brands’ earnings. The lowest sales estimate is $1.84 billion and the highest is $1.89 billion. Conagra Brands reported sales of $2.83 billion during the same quarter last year, which would suggest a negative year-over-year growth rate of 34.3%. The company is expected to issue its next quarterly earnings report on Thursday, June 29th. According to Zacks, analysts expect that Conagra Brands will report full-year sales of $1.86 billion for the current financial year, with estimates ranging from $7.75 billion to $7.81 billion. For the next financial year, analysts anticipate that the business will report sales of $7.66 billion per share, with estimates ranging from $7.34 billion to $7.80 billion. Zacks’ sales averages are an average based on a survey of analysts that follow Conagra Brands. Conagra Brands (NYSE:CAG) last issued its earnings results on Thursday, March 23rd. The company reported $0.48 EPS for the quarter, beating the Zacks’ consensus estimate of $0.44 by $0.04. Conagra Brands had a return on equity of 25.62% and a net margin of 6.00%. The company had revenue of $1.98 billion during the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $1.98 billion. During the same period in the previous year, the firm posted $0.57 earnings per share. Conagra Brands’s quarterly revenue was down 9.9% compared to the same quarter last year. Several research analysts recently issued reports on the stock. Zacks Investment Research raised shares of Conagra Brands from a “sell” rating to a “hold” rating in a research note on Friday. JPMorgan Chase & Co. lowered their price objective on shares of Conagra Brands from $45.00 to $44.00 and set an “overweight” rating on the stock in a report on Wednesday. Royal Bank of Canada upped their price objective on shares of Conagra Brands from $42.00 to $45.00 and gave the stock a “buy” rating in a report on Friday, March 24th. Sanford C. Bernstein downgraded shares of Conagra Brands from a “market perform” rating to an “underperform” rating and set a $36.00 price objective on the stock. in a report on Tuesday, March 21st. Finally, Deutsche Bank AG started coverage on shares of Conagra Brands in a report on Wednesday, February 15th. They set a “buy” rating and a $46.00 price objective on the stock. One research analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, four have assigned a hold rating and eight have given a buy rating to the stock. The company has a consensus rating of “Buy” and an average target price of $44.76. WARNING: “Analysts Expect Conagra Brands Inc (CAG) Will Announce Quarterly Sales of $1.86 Billion” was originally posted by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are viewing this report on another website, it was illegally stolen and reposted in violation of U.S. and international trademark and copyright law. The correct version of this report can be read at https://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/06/04/analysts-expect-conagra-brands-inc-cag-will-announce-quarterly-sales-of-1-86-billion.html. In other news, Director Ruth Ann Marshall sold 6,046 shares of the stock in a transaction dated Wednesday, March 29th. The shares were sold at an average price of $40.61, for a total value of $245,528.06. The sale was disclosed in a filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is available at this link. Corporate insiders own 0.58% of the company’s stock. Several hedge funds have recently made changes to their positions in CAG. Assenagon Asset Management S.A. purchased a new stake in shares of Conagra Brands during the fourth quarter valued at approximately $33,402,000. SNS Financial Group LLC purchased a new stake in shares of Conagra Brands during the fourth quarter valued at approximately $3,341,000. Wetherby Asset Management Inc. increased its stake in shares of Conagra Brands by 0.6% in the fourth quarter. Wetherby Asset Management Inc. now owns 9,090 shares of the company’s stock valued at $360,000 after buying an additional 58 shares in the last quarter. Wells Fargo & Company MN increased its stake in shares of Conagra Brands by 30.3% in the first quarter. Wells Fargo & Company MN now owns 7,336,632 shares of the company’s stock valued at $295,959,000 after buying an additional 1,706,553 shares in the last quarter. Finally, Sfmg LLC increased its stake in shares of Conagra Brands by 0.4% in the first quarter. Sfmg LLC now owns 12,754 shares of the company’s stock valued at $514,000 after buying an additional 50 shares in the last quarter. Institutional investors own 76.28% of the company’s stock. Conagra Brands (CAG) opened at 39.59 on Friday. The firm has a market capitalization of $16.85 billion, a P/E ratio of 28.79 and a beta of 0.30. The firm has a 50-day moving average price of $38.67 and a 200-day moving average price of $39.17. Conagra Brands has a 52 week low of $33.08 and a 52 week high of $41.68. The company also recently announced a quarterly dividend, which was paid on Tuesday, May 30th. Stockholders of record on Friday, April 28th were issued a $0.20 dividend. The ex-dividend date was Wednesday, April 26th. This represents a $0.80 annualized dividend and a dividend yield of 2.02%. Conagra Brands’s dividend payout ratio is currently 55.94%. About Conagra Brands Conagra Brands, Inc, formerly ConAgra Foods, Inc, operates as a packaged food company. The Company operates through two segments: Consumer Foods and Commercial Foods. The Company sells branded and customized food products, as well as commercially branded foods. It also supplies vegetable, spice and grain products to a range of restaurants, foodservice operators and commercial customers. Get a free copy of the Zacks research report on Conagra Brands (CAG) For more information about research offerings from Zacks Investment Research, visit Zacks.com Receive News & Ratings for Conagra Brands Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Conagra Brands Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Trump’s Tweets Complicate Already Complicated Week World Leaders Very Critical of Paris Agreement Decision by Trump Aide to President Trump Resigns With More Expected Scud-Class Missile Launched by North Korea Travel Ban Dealt Another Blow by Appeals Court © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Thursday, June 8th, 2017 2:02 PM Home About Us Our Writers Contact Us Fiscal Standard – Financial Market News For Investors Global Markets FTSE 100 7462.53 -0.22% NASDAQ 6296.701 -0.011% S&P 500 2433.10 -0.00% Nikkei 225 19909.26 -0.38% HANG SENG 26063.06 +0.34% CAC 40 5264.30 -0.02% TSEC 10225.78 +0.15% ATX 3167.46 -0.46% IBOVESPA 62632.0039 -0.8528% MERVAL 22218.66 -0.61% IPC 49242.57 -0.07% EUR/USD 1.1207 -0.4857% GBP/USD 1.2917 -0.3187% EUR/GBP 0.8675 -0.1577% USD/JPY 110.3580 +0.5082% AUD/USD 0.7535 -0.2132% USD/CAD 1.3501 -0.0496% USD/CHF 0.9685 +0.4168% Home Business Economy Technology US Markets European Markets United Utilities Group PLC (UUGRY) Broker Price Targets For The Coming Week June 4, 2017 11:08 am Writer: Camille Ainsworth Posted In: US Broker Ratings Recently analysts working for various investment brokerages have changed their ratings and price targets on shares of United Utilities Group PLC (UUGRY). Recent broker ratings and price targets: 01/19/2017 – United Utilities Group PLC was upgraded to “outperform” by analysts at Credit Suisse. 12/05/2016 – United Utilities Group PLC had its “overweight” rating reiterated by analysts at JP Morgan. 11/16/2016 – United Utilities Group PLC had its “neutral” rating reiterated by analysts at Citigroup. 11/16/2016 – United Utilities Group PLC had its “buy” rating reiterated by analysts at Deutsche Bank. 10/13/2016 – United Utilities Group PLC was upgraded to “buy” by analysts at Societe Generale. 09/28/2016 – United Utilities Group PLC had its “buy” rating reiterated by analysts at Beaufort Securities. 09/07/2016 – United Utilities Group PLC was downgraded to “underperform” by analysts at Bank of America Merrill Lynch. 07/25/2016 – United Utilities Group PLC had its “add” rating reiterated by analysts at Peel Hunt. 03/28/2016 – United Utilities Group PLC was downgraded to “hold” by analysts at HSBC. 11/27/2015 – United Utilities Group PLC had its “sell” rating reiterated by analysts at Investec. 09/23/2015 – United Utilities Group PLC had its “add” rating reiterated by analysts at Numis Securities. 09/16/2015 – United Utilities Group PLC had its “neutral” rating reiterated by analysts at Goldman Sachs. 06/12/2015 – United Utilities Group PLC was downgraded to “market perform” by analysts at Sanford C. Bernstein. 01/07/2015 – United Utilities Group PLC had its “buy” rating reiterated by analysts at Liberum Capital. They now have a USD 523 price target on the stock. 01/06/2015 – United Utilities Group PLC had its “neutral” rating reiterated by analysts at BNP Paribas. They now have a USD 870 price target on the stock. United Utilities Group PLC has a 50 day moving average of 26.46 and a 200 day moving average of 24.29. The stock’s market capitalization is 8.97B, it has a 52-week low of 21.26 and a 52-week high of 28.22. The share price of the company (UUGRY) was down -2.12%, with a high of 26.40 during the day and the volume of United Utilities Group PLC shares traded was 2338. United Utilities Group PLC is a water company. The Company, through its subsidiary, United Utilities Water Limited (United Utilities Water), manages the regulated water and wastewater network in the North West of England, providing services to around seven million people and businesses. It owns over 55,000 hectares of land around its reservoirs. It collects water from the environment, clean and distributes it to its customers before collecting it, treating it, and then returning it back to the environment. The Company produced approximately 138 Gigawatt hours (GWh) of renewable energy through sludge treatment centers and solar installations, enough to power over 40,000 homes. It delivers approximately 1,700 million liters of clean drinking water to its customers every day through over 40,000 kilometers of water pipes. United Utilities Water holds licenses to provide water and wastewater services to a population of approximately seven million people in the North West of England. More from Reuters » Receive United Utilities Group PLC News & Ratings Via Email - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for United Utilities Group PLC with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter. Free Email Newsletter Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for your stocks with MarketBeat's FREE daily email newsletter: Home About Us Advertising Our Writers Sitemap Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Contact Us All rights reserved Fiscal Standard.com 2016.
Skip to navigation Skip to content Skip to footer View text version of this page Help using this website - Accessibility statement Menu Canberra Times Business Login Sign-up Become a Canberra Times member today Join today and you can easily save your favourite articles, join in the conversation and comment, plus select which news your want direct to your inbox. Create your account now! Become a Canberra Times member today Join today and you can easily save your favourite articles, join in the conversation and comment, plus select which news your want direct to your inbox. Create your account now! Home News Sport Business Public Service World Politics Comment Property Entertainment Lifestyle Cars Travel Tech Video All News ACT News ACT Election 2016 National Environment Health Education Good Weekend NSW News Victoria News Queensland WA News Sport ACT Sport NRL Union AFL Cricket Racing Soccer Golf Basketball Cycling Motorsport Tennis Scores Athletics Swimming Boxing Sailing Netball Fitz Files Business News Markets Quotes Workplace Consumer Property Innovation Retail Economy CBD Money Small Business News Opinion Video Cartoons The Pulse Electorate Map Letters Editorials Obituaries View from the Street Blunt Instrument Satire Movies Music TV Guide TV & Radio Art Books Stage Video News & Views Life & Relationships Health & Wellbeing Beauty Fashion Celebrity Home The Optimist The Store News Security Web Culture Innovation Science Games Gadgets on the Go Smartphone Apps Mobiles eSports News Sport Business Entertainment Lifestyle Travel Property Cars Food Exec Style Parenting Search Site News Markets Quotes Workplace Consumer Retail Economy CBD Money Small Biz Property Innovation Indices Market Movers Sectors Currencies Live 52 Week Highs 52 Week Lows Floats & IPOs Home Business Markets June 4 2017 Save Print License article US rate hike path questioned as jobs data softens Timothy Moore facebook SHARE twitter TWEET email google-plus linkedin reddit More Slowing US jobs growth is unlikely to prevent the Federal Reserve from lifting interest rates this month but Friday's soft employment number will keep markets guessing how much more tightening is ahead this year. With market bets hovering near 90 per cent and Federal Reserve officials continuing to point to solid economic momentum, policy makers seem certain to vote to increase rates for the second time this year at their June 13-14 meeting. The debate has already begun to intensify about whether the Fed will then pause or hike rates again before the end of the calendar year. Fed officials have tipped the potential for three or even four hikes in all this year but they'll have to contend with still somewhat messy data. On the weekend, the US Labor Department said the economy there added 138,000 jobs last month, well below forecasts of 185,000; April's initial 211,000 additions were pared to 174,000, March's 79,000 to 50,000, suggesting the labour market is losing some momentum. Wage growth also disappointed, remaining stuck at an annual rate of 2.5 per cent. SHARE Share on Facebook SHARE Share on Twitter TWEET Link Over the weekend, policy hawk Patrick Harker, president of the Fed bank in Philadelphia, affirmed his bullish view for rates: "I still see three hikes of 25 basis points each as appropriate for 2017." Photo: Andrew Harrer But the unemployment rate dipped to 4.3 per cent last month – the lowest since 2001 – from 4.4 per cent in April and 4.5 per cent in March. Since January, the unemployment rate has declined by 0.5 percentage point, and the number of unemployed has decreased by 774,000. "While the message was a little muddied, the evidence generally suggests the labour market is cyclically tightening, and the Fed will need to continue to lean against that," JPMorgan economist Michael Feroli said. Advertisement "We still believe it is very likely that the Fed will hike later this month. Perhaps more in question is the signal coming out of that meeting regarding subsequent hikes." Goldman Sachs on Friday pushed back its forecast for a third rate increase this year to December from September, while market pricing suggests less than an even chance of another rate rise by the end of the year, and investors are now pricing in less than one further rate hike in 2018. That's increasingly at odds with Fed projections of three rate hikes in both 2017 and 2018. Increasing yields Not all economists are as gloomy as market pricing suggests. "With survey evidence suggesting that it [the jobless rate] will fall below 4 per cent in the next few months, and wage growth likely to pick up before long, we expect the Fed to raise rates steadily over the next year and a half," said Capital Economics' Oliver Jones, in making a bullish case. That should lead the yield on 10-year US Treasury notes higher, Mr Jones said. He's forecasting the 10-year yield will rise to 3.5 per cent by the end of 2018. It's an aggressive bet. On Friday, the 10-year yield slid 5 basis points to 2.16 per cent, near a seven-month low. The 10-year yield reached as high as 2.64 per cent in mid-March as investors positioned for an acceleration in economic growth. But President Donald Trump's political troubles undercut that optimism, belting bonds. In contrast, US stocks have managed to extend their rally since Trump's election, shifting from the Trump reflation trade to buoyant first-quarter earnings – it hasn't hurt that the biggest technology stocks including Apple, Alphabet, Amazon, Microsoft and Facebook, have surged. Over the weekend Apple's market capitalisation topped the $US800 billion mark. Amazon last week cleared the $US1000 a share mark. Investors tolerance for risk seems undaunted. "Year to date equity performance remains very concentrated, with FANG [Facebook, Amazon, Netflix and Google] and technology representing 65 per cent of YTD gains," Fundstrat's Thomas Lee and associates said in a June 2 report. "In other words, unless an investor owned FANG [and its cousins] this year, they would be underperforming." On Friday in New York, Wall Street's three key benchmarks each set fresh record highs, helping ASX futures rise 10 points or 0.2 per cent. The S&P/ASX 200 added 50 points or 0.9 per cent on Friday. This week and next investors will be in pre-Fed decision mode and Fed policymakers will fall silent. 'I still see three hikes' Over the weekend though, policy hawk Patrick Harker, president of the Fed bank in Philadelphia, affirmed his bullish view for rates. "Based on the strength of the economy, I still see three hikes of 25 basis points each as appropriate for 2017," he said in remarks for a speech. While he saw "little slack left in the labour market", Mr Harker forecast the jobless rate could fall as low as 4.2 per cent in the year ahead. "In the very near future, we're not going to need to create jobs at the intense pace we've been experiencing over the past few years," Mr Harker said. "The 100,000-jobs-a-month rate is going to be more than sufficient to keep up with population growth. That's more or less the rate we'll need in a normal, healthy economy." As for inflation, Mr Harker also is bullish on it, despite a setback in April. "My forecast remains that we should reach our inflation goal around the end of the year," he said. Key to the Fed reaching its inflation target are higher wages about which he's optimistic. "I estimate wage growth of between 2.5 and 3 per cent this year," Mr Harker said. "This is a very good sign; it's one of the things that's been missing as the recovery has unfolded." Late last week, San Francisco Fed boss John Williams said he still saw three hikes this year, potentially four if the economy gets an unexpected boost. Fed governor Lael Brainard last week offered a more dovish take, citing her wariness about the improving labour market and slowing inflation. Advertisement HuffPost Australia Bill Gates May Soon Lose His Spot As ... Contains: External link The Big Four Whingeing About The Bank ... Contains: External link Most Popular Coles admits most of its workforce underpaid Iron ore, debt could send Aussie back to US50¢ 'You're kidding' - how Aussies banks mistreat customers Sydney householders sitting very tight – we don’t want to sell ASX snaps losing streak as CSL soars Follow BusinessDay Share on FacebookFacebook Share on TwitterTwitter Follow Canberra Times Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on EmailNewsletters Advertisement Most Viewed Today Previous slide Next slide Business Investors should be 'crossing their fingers' as risk rises Qantas shares flying, but Joyce hit exit button early Iron ore, debt could send Aussie back to US50¢ Coles admits most of its workforce underpaid One step forward, two back: How to rort 457 visas Canberra Times The ACT suburb paying almost $10k in rates Popular Canberra breakfast radio team are no more What's behind the hoarding - inside 'Monaro Mall' Westside Container Village's new home In two short sentences, the White House just partially excused terrorism The Sydney Morning Herald New footage reveals sheer violence of Andrew Bolt attack In two short sentences, the White House just partially excused terrorism Global ranking puts one Australian uni in top 20 Qantas shares flying, but Joyce hit exit button early 'She wanted to yell out but she couldn't': Four men on trial for party gang rape The Age New footage reveals sheer violence of Andrew Bolt attack 'Inspiring' reporter and journalism educator Jill Singer dead at 60 Historic industrial property set to become new suburb Death toll rises to eight in London attack after body found Boy's diary puts paedophile near beach when Beaumont children disappeared Brisbane Times Protesting councillor warned to 'get out of the way' of $115 million Wynnum Road project Claim $50,000 found in Paul Pisasale's plane luggage was for friend barrister Two new high schools planned for inner-city Brisbane In two short sentences, the White House just partially excused terrorism Sara Zelenak confirmed as killed in London terror attack WA Today Perth boy in ICU after hospital gives insulin overdose 'The prettiest girl in the school': How teacher lured his teenage victims New footage reveals sheer violence of Andrew Bolt attack Global ranking puts one Australian uni in top 20 West Australian town with lowest toddler vaccination rate revealed Canberra Times Share via Email Share on Facebook Share on Google Plus Share on Twitter RSS Feed Products and Services AM Edition PM Edition Good Food Guide Newsletters Canberra Times Photos Canberra Times Sitemap Subscriptions Contact Us Advertise With Us Sponsorship Text Version Site Accessibility Guide Classifieds Place an Ad Place a free ad CT Classifieds & Notices Cars Dating Jobs Domain Commercial Real Estate Oneflare Nabo Tributes Celebrations Our Sites SMH The Age AFR.com Adzuna Allhomes Domain Drive RSVP Essential Baby Home Price Guide Weatherzone Fairfax Media Account Details News Store Archive Fairfax Syndication Careers Events Press Council Copyright © 2017Fairfax Media Website Feedback
Never miss a great news story! Get instant notifications from Economic Times AllowNot now You can switch off notifications anytime using browser settings. SECTIONS ET APPS ET Android AppET iPhone AppET iPad AppET Wealth Android AppET Blackberry AppET Nokia AppET Markets Android AppET Markets iPhone AppET Money Android App ENGLISH हिन्दीગુજરાતી E-PAPER SIGN-IN FOLLOW US FACEBOOKTWITTERYOUTUBELINKEDINGOOGLE PLUSRSS News LATEST NEWS Rupee gains 12 paise against dollar, ends at 3-week high Analysts divided over future course of monetary policy Natural Gas trading in narrow range: Will it break higher or lower? Pesticide firms expect margins to go up as capex declines Sebi directs URO Group firms to refund investors' money GST opportunity buoys Bodhtree stock but is it still worth a buy? ETMarkets Evening Podcast: How will markets react to major global events? ZEEL buys balance 49% in India Webportal for Rs 197 crore European Central Bank sticks with economic stimulus Home MarketsNewsIndustrySmall BizPoliticsWealthMFTech JobsOpinionBlogsNRIMagazinesSlideshowsET NOWET SpeedET Portfolio Markets Stocks IPOs/FPOs Markets Data Market Moguls Expert View Technicals Technical ChartVisualizeScreener Commodities ViewsNews Precious MetalsGold Petal DelhiGold PetalSilver MicroGold MGoldSilver MSilverGold GuineaSilver 1000OthersMentha Oil Oil & EnergyCrude Oil MiniBrent Crude OilNatural GasCrude OilOil Seeds & OilsCrude Palm OilRBD PalmoleinCastor seedSpicesCardamomPlantationCotton Base MetalsLead MiniNickel MiniLeadAluminiumAluminium MiniNickelCopper MiniCopperZinc MiniZinc Forex Mobile Apps ET Markets Android AppET Markets iPhone App More BondsStock GameChartMantra Technicals Trading GameWebinarsSitemapDefinitions NewsLive BlogTrendsRecosEarningsETMarkets PodcastMarket PaathshalaAnnouncementsPolicyMarket CalendarStock Price Quotes ET Home›Markets›Stocks›News 04:05 PM | 08 Junmarket stats SENSEX 31,213-57.92 NIFTY 50 9,647-16.65 GOLD (MCX) (Rs/10g.) 29,098-342.00 USD/INR 64.21-0.12 Portfolio Loading... Select Portfolio and Asset Combination for Display on Market Band Select Portfolio Select Asset Class Stocks MF ETF Show More CREATE PORTFOLIO ADD INVESTMENT Download ET MARKETS APP Get ET Markets in your own language DOWNLOAD THE APP NOW +91 CHOOSE LANGUAGE ENG ENG - English HIN - हिन्दी GUJ - ગુજરાતી MAR - मराठी BEN - বাংলা KAN - ಕನ್ನಡ ORI - ଓଡିଆ TEL - తెలుగు TAM - தமிழ் Drag according to your convenience ET NOW RADIO ET NOW TIMES NOW 0Comments Stuck for months, S&P 500 manages weekly gain for restless bulls Bloomberg| Updated: Jun 04, 2017, 12.52 PM IST READ MORE ON » stocksstock marketSharesS&Pmonetary policyMarketJPMorgan Funds The bulls are back in charge after a second weekly advance pushed the S&P 500 Index to a fresh record. The bulls are back in charge after a second weekly advance pushed the S&P 500 Index to a fresh record. But look a little more closely and the signs of unease in the stock market are hard to ignore. It’s visible in fund flows, where investors are rotating from U.S. stocks to the rest of the world at the fastest pace in two years. And short sellers are getting aggressive, raising bearish bets in three of the past four months. U.S. stocks climbed this week, led by by phone companies and materials producers. The S&P 500 increased 1 percent to 2,438.91 and Dow Jones Industrial Average added 0.6 percent to 21,204.58. While the gains built on the previous week’s breakout, neither index is more than 2 percent above the all-time highs reached on March 1. In other words, benchmark indexes are at records, but they also haven’t advanced much since March, one of the longer periods of stasis since Donald Trump’s election. For all their resilience, equity investors remain anxious about an economy that has recently given uneven evidence of its vigor just as the Federal Reserve prepares to raise interest rates. After Friday’s employment report, three-month U.S. jobs growth is now the lowest since 2012. Housing demand weakened more than expected in April, and while manufacturing gauges remain firm, a series of reports on inflation continue to show corporate pricing power is muted. “It is a warning that, as with asset prices, the key question is not the level you are at, but the prospects for growth from here,” said David Kelly, chief global strategist at JPMorgan Funds in New York. “Investors should consider whether overseas economies with greater growth potential may provide better equity market returns.” Meanwhile, investors in exchange-traded funds turned net sellers of U.S. stocks in May for the first time in a year, with withdrawals approaching $2 billion, data compiled by Bloomberg show. They added $22 billion to equity funds that invest in markets from Europe to Asia. The divergence in flows, the widest since April 2015, marked a turnaround from last year, when almost $10 went for American equities for every one that went elsewhere. Even as stocks vaulted to new highs, bears aren’t deterred. Short interest as a proportion of total shares outstanding has expanded since January, rising by 0.3 percentage point to 3.9 percent. Never before has an equity advance as big as this year’s occurred simultaneously with more short sales, according to exchange data compiled by Bloomberg that goes back to 2008. Spotty demand for American stocks coincided with hiccups in economic data. Rather than picking up pace as expected by many at the start of the year, Citigroup’s Economic Surprise Index for the U.S., which measures the difference between actual releases and economist expectations, peaked in March and has since fallen to the lowest level since February 2016. By contrast, similar gauges for the rest of the world have fared better as Brazil and Russia emerged from recessions while the populist political tide receded in Europe. Since the global financial crisis, the U.S. had dominated equity gains worldwide, with rallies underpinned by easier monetary policy and a steady recovery. Now that growth is poised to accelerate from Europe to Japan, American assets are losing some of their appeal. In Bank of America Corp.’s latest survey of money managers, 82 percent called the U.S. the most expensive market. While the S&P 500 is up 8.9 percent this year, it’s poised to trail the MSCI World ex-U.S. Index for the first time since 2009. The dollar is heading for the worst annual decline in a decade after losing about 6 percent of its value against a basket of currencies. Even within the U.S. market itself, the preference for overseas exposure is evident. A Goldman Sachs Group Inc. basket tracking shares with the highest leverage to international growth has risen 17 percent this year, compared with 6 percent for a similar gauge for domestic-focused companies. “The dollar weakness and non-U.S. economic strength is being replayed all over the world,” said Joe Quinlan, chief market strategist at U.S. Trust in New York. “Rarely have times been better for U.S. firms with global exposure. The auspicious omens are plain to see.” READ MORE ON » stocksstock marketSharesS&Pmonetary policyMarketJPMorgan Funds Comments Add Your Comments NEXT STORY Get a Quote Browse CompaniesABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZ|123456789 Browse Mutual FundsABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZ The Economic Times Live Market News Portfolio Mobile Live TV Newsletter Commodities Speed QnA Blogs Alerts RSS Other Times Group news sitesTimes of India|इकनॉमिक टाइम्स ઈકોનોમિક ટાઈમ્સ|Mumbai Mirror Times Now|Indiatimes नवभारत टाइम्स|महाराष्ट्र टाइम्स ವಿಜಯ ಕರ್ನಾಟಕ|Lifehacker Gizmodo|Eisamay|IGN India NavGujarat Samay Living and entertainmentTimescity|iDiva|Zoom| Luxpresso|Gaana|Happytrips| Cricbuzz|Get Smartapp Networkingitimes|MensXP.com Hot on the WebICC Champions Trophy Live Score|Narendra Modi in Russia Top 10 mutual funds|RERA Xiaomi Redmi 4 Review|BSE Sensex Gold rate today Servicesads2book|Gadgetsnow|Free Business Listings Simplymarry|Astrospeak|Timesjobs|Magicbricks|Zigwheels|Timesdeal| dineout|Filmipop|Remit2india|Gaana|Greetzap|Techradar|Alivear| Google Play | Manage Notifications About us/Advertise with us/Terms of Use & Grievance Redressal/Privacy Policy/Feedback/Sitemap/Code of Ethics//Disclaimer Copyright © 2017 Bennett, Coleman & Co. Ltd. All rights reserved. 1Stuck for months, S&P 500 manages weekly gain for restless bulls Pesticide firms expect margins to go up as capex declines Sebi directs URO Group firms to refund investors' money GST opportunity buoys Bodhtree stock but is it still worth a buy? ETMarkets Evening Podcast: How will markets react to major global events? ZEEL buys balance 49% in India Webportal for Rs 197 crore European Central Bank sticks with economic stimulus Tech View: Nifty50 forms small bearish pattern, time to book profit Tata Steel, ICICI Bank among 20 most active stocks Sensex, Nifty end marginally lower; GAIL top loser Dr Reddy's, Sun Pharma shine in lacklustre session BACK TO TOP Digg Google Bookmarks StumbleUpon Reddit Newsvine Live Bookmarks Technorati Yahoo Bookmarks Blogmarks Del.icio.us ApnaCircle Mail This Article My Saved ArticlesSign inSign up Find this comment offensive? Choose your reason below and click on the Report button. This will alert our moderators to take actionName Reason for reporting:Foul languageSlanderousInciting hatred against a certain communityOthers Your Reason has been Reported to the admin. To post this comment you must Log In/Connect with:Indiatimes Network or Fill in your details: Will be displayed Will not be displayed Will be displayed Share this Comment:Post to Twitter Loading Please wait...
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance BCE Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for BCE Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Advantus Capital Management Inc Acquires 292 Shares of American Financial Group Inc (AFG) KB Financial Group (KB) Earning Positive Press Coverage, Analysis Finds CMS Energy (CMS) Earning Positive News Coverage, Study Shows Mistras Group (MG) Earns News Sentiment Rating of 0.33 Entercom Communications Corp. (ETM) Given Media Sentiment Rating of 0.33 Hewlett Packard Enterprise (HPE) Given News Sentiment Rating of 0.34 Zacks: Analysts Anticipate BBVA Banco Frances S.A. (BFR) Will Post Earnings of $0.41 Per Share Susquehanna Bancshares (SUSQ) Earns Daily Media Impact Score of 0.34 Energizer Holdings (ENR) Earning Favorable Media Coverage, Analysis Finds Xerox Corp (XRX) Shares Sold by Gagnon Securities LLC JD.Com Inc (JD) Shares Sold by TIAA CREF Investment Management LLC Brokerages Anticipate BioDelivery Sciences International, Inc. (BDSI) to Post -$0.24 EPS Leucadia National Corp. (LUK) Shares Bought by Advantus Capital Management Inc Twenty-First Century Fox Inc (FOX) Position Maintained by FIL Ltd Advantus Capital Management Inc Acquires 269 Shares of Toro Co (TTC) TIAA CREF Investment Management LLC Has $75.98 Million Stake in PulteGroup, Inc. (PHM) Advantus Capital Management Inc Boosts Stake in W. R. Berkley Corp (WRB) FIL Ltd Has $48.51 Million Position in Red Hat Inc (RHT) Toronto-Dominion Bank (TD) Shares Sold by First Long Island Investors LLC Egalet Corp (EGLT) Downgraded by ValuEngine to “Strong Sell” BCE Inc. (BCE) Forecasted to Post Q3 2017 Earnings of $0.86 Per Share June 3rd, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Patrick Bannon Filed Under: Analyst Articles - Estimates - Finance Tweet BCE Inc. (TSE:BCE) (NYSE:BCE) – Investment analysts at Desjardins boosted their Q3 2017 earnings estimates for shares of BCE in a report issued on Wednesday. Desjardins analyst M. Yaghi now forecasts that the company will earn $0.86 per share for the quarter, up from their prior estimate of $0.85. Desjardins has a “Buy” rating and a $65.00 price objective on the stock. Desjardins also issued estimates for BCE’s Q4 2017 earnings at $0.76 EPS. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY WARNING: This piece of content was first posted by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are viewing this piece of content on another website, it was illegally copied and reposted in violation of international copyright laws. The original version of this piece of content can be accessed at https://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/06/03/bce-inc-bce-forecasted-to-post-q3-2017-earnings-of-0-86-per-share.html. Other equities research analysts have also recently issued reports about the company. National Bank Financial boosted their price objective on BCE from C$59.00 to C$61.00 in a research note on Thursday, April 27th. Morgan Stanley boosted their price objective on BCE from C$61.00 to C$62.00 in a research note on Wednesday, May 17th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. boosted their price objective on BCE from C$64.00 to C$66.00 in a research note on Monday, May 15th. Scotiabank reissued a “sector perform” rating and set a C$61.00 price objective on shares of BCE in a research note on Thursday, April 27th. Finally, TD Securities reissued a “hold” rating and set a C$59.00 price objective on shares of BCE in a research note on Monday, March 20th. Five investment analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and four have given a buy rating to the company’s stock. The company presently has an average rating of “Hold” and an average price target of C$62.21. Shares of BCE (TSE BCE) opened at 61.08 on Friday. BCE has a one year low of $56.80 and a one year high of $63.41. The stock has a market capitalization of $54.94 billion and a PE ratio of 18.57. The company’s 50-day moving average price is $61.28 and its 200 day moving average price is $59.08. In related news, Director John Watson sold 81,807 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Friday, April 28th. The stock was sold at an average price of C$61.90, for a total value of C$5,063,853.30. Also, insider Duc Bernard Le sold 63,746 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Wednesday, March 22nd. The shares were sold at an average price of C$58.26, for a total value of C$3,713,841.96. The company also recently declared a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Saturday, July 15th. Investors of record on Saturday, July 15th will be issued a $0.7175 dividend. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Tuesday, June 13th. This represents a $2.87 dividend on an annualized basis and a dividend yield of 4.70%. BCE Company Profile BCE Inc is a communications company. The Company’s segments include Bell Wireless, Bell Wireline and Bell Media. Its Bell Wireless segment provides wireless voice and data communications products and services to its residential, small and medium-sized business and large enterprise customers across Canada. Receive News & Ratings for BCE Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for BCE Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Trump’s Tweets Complicate Already Complicated Week World Leaders Very Critical of Paris Agreement Decision by Trump Aide to President Trump Resigns With More Expected Scud-Class Missile Launched by North Korea Travel Ban Dealt Another Blow by Appeals Court © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home Privacy About Contributors Contact Headlines Markets M&A Analysts’ Updates Earnings Health & Biotech Technology Restaurant Group PLC - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Restaurant Group PLC with our FREE daily email newsletter: Recent Market News Mutual of America Capital Management LLC Has $1.36 Million Stake in Radius Health Inc (RDUS) JPMorgan Chase & Co. (JPM) Shares Sold by Pennsylvania Trust Co Rockefeller Financial Services Inc. Maintains Stake in Duke Energy Corp (DUK) Spectranetics Corp (SPNC) Stake Cut by UBS Asset Management Americas Inc. Moody's Co. (MCO) Stake Cut by Eagle Asset Management Inc. Toronto Dominion Bank Acquires 114,483 Shares of Regions Financial Corp (RF) Crossroads Systems Inc (CRDS) Issues Earnings Results E I du Pont de Nemours and Company (DD) Position Held by Oregon Public Employees Retirement Fund General Mills, Inc. (GIS) Lowered to Sell at Zacks Investment Research KVH Industries, Inc. (KVHI) Shares Bought by TFS Capital LLC Gildan Activewear Inc (GIL) Shares Sold by State of Wisconsin Investment Board State of Wisconsin Investment Board Has $1.81 Million Stake in Amdocs Limited (DOX) Milacron Holdings Corp (MCRN) Getting Very Favorable Press Coverage, Report Finds Capital Analysts LLC Increases Stake in Halliburton Company (HAL) Mutual of America Capital Management LLC Sells 278 Shares of Deckers Outdoor Corp (DECK) Emerson Electric Co. (EMR) Shares Bought by Benedict Financial Advisors Inc. First Merchants Corp Has $1.31 Million Position in ConocoPhillips (COP) Dow Chemical Co (DOW) Shares Sold by Decatur Capital Management Inc. Exencial Wealth Advisors LLC Raises Stake in ConocoPhillips (COP) United Parcel Service, Inc. (UPS) Shares Sold by Enterprise Financial Services Corp Restaurant Group PLC’s (RTN) Hold Rating Reaffirmed at Peel Hunt June 4th, 2017 - By Doug Wharley - 0 comments Filed Under: Finance Peel Hunt restated their hold rating on shares of Restaurant Group PLC (LON:RTN) in a research note published on Thursday, May 4th. They currently have a GBX 350 ($4.50) price objective on the stock. RTN has been the topic of a number of other reports. Liberum Capital restated a buy rating and issued a GBX 450 ($5.78) price target on shares of Restaurant Group PLC in a report on Friday, January 13th. Shore Capital restated a buy rating on shares of Restaurant Group PLC in a report on Wednesday, January 25th. N+1 Singer restated a hold rating and issued a GBX 350 ($4.50) price target on shares of Restaurant Group PLC in a report on Wednesday, January 25th. Panmure Gordon restated a hold rating and issued a GBX 400 ($5.14) price target on shares of Restaurant Group PLC in a report on Wednesday, January 25th. Finally, JPMorgan Chase & Co. lowered their target price on shares of Restaurant Group PLC from GBX 360 ($4.62) to GBX 330 ($4.24) and set a neutral rating for the company in a research note on Thursday, January 26th. Three research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, four have given a hold rating and seven have assigned a buy rating to the stock. The company presently has an average rating of Hold and a consensus price target of GBX 374.17 ($4.81). Get Restaurant Group PLC alerts: Restaurant Group PLC (RTN) traded down 0.84% during midday trading on Thursday, reaching GBX 365.90. 1,049,260 shares of the company traded hands. The stock’s market capitalization is GBX 733.17 million. Restaurant Group PLC has a one year low of GBX 229.85 and a one year high of GBX 437.50. The company has a 50 day moving average price of GBX 348.21 and a 200-day moving average price of GBX 337.00. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION WARNING: “Restaurant Group PLC’s (RTN) Hold Rating Reaffirmed at Peel Hunt” was reported by The Cerbat Gem and is the sole property of of The Cerbat Gem. If you are viewing this news story on another website, it was illegally copied and republished in violation of US & international copyright legislation. The correct version of this news story can be viewed at https://www.thecerbatgem.com/2017/06/04/restaurant-group-plc-rtn-receives-hold-rating-from-peel-hunt-2-updated-updated-updated.html. The firm also recently declared a dividend, which will be paid on Friday, July 7th. Shareholders of record on Thursday, June 15th will be paid a dividend of GBX 10.60 ($0.14) per share. The ex-dividend date is Thursday, June 15th. This is a positive change from Restaurant Group PLC’s previous dividend of $6.80. This represents a yield of 2.86%. In other Restaurant Group PLC news, insider Andy McCue purchased 5,617 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction on Friday, March 31st. The shares were bought at an average cost of GBX 335 ($4.30) per share, for a total transaction of £18,816.95 ($24,170.78). About Restaurant Group PLC The Restaurant Group plc is a United Kingdom-based company, which operates over 500 restaurants and pub restaurants. The Company operates through operating restaurants segment. Its portfolio covers a range of categories, including table service, counter service, sandwich shops, pubs and bars. The Company’s principal trading brands include Frankie & Benny’s, Chiquito and Coast to Coast. Receive News & Stock Ratings for Restaurant Group PLC Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Restaurant Group PLC and related stocks with our FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website   © The Cerbat Gem Investing News and Analysis 2012-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About Us | Our Contributors | Contact Us
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance FirstEnergy Corp. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for FirstEnergy Corp. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Brokerages Anticipate Xylem Inc (XYL) Will Post Quarterly Sales of $1.17 Billion Sky Plc (SKYAY) Receives Consensus Recommendation of “Hold” from Brokerages LifePoint Health Inc (LPNT) Receives Consensus Recommendation of “Hold” from Brokerages Zacks: Brokerages Expect Transocean LTD (RIG) to Post -$0.10 EPS WestJet Airlines Ltd. (WJA) Director Ron A. Brenneman Acquires 5,000 Shares Qualstar Co. (QBAK) Major Shareholder William J. Gervais Sells 18,952 Shares of Stock Godaddy Inc (GDDY) Insider Barbara J. Rechterman Sells 4,314 Shares of Stock Mobil'nye Telesistemy PAO (MBT) Given Coverage Optimism Score of 0.10 Las Vegas Sands Corp. (LVS) Given Daily Media Sentiment Rating of 0.11 Zacks: Brokerages Anticipate Hope Bancorp Inc (HOPE) to Announce $0.32 EPS Brokerages Set Ionis Pharmaceuticals Inc (IONS) Price Target at $43.39 Brandywine Realty Trust (BDN) Given Average Recommendation of “Hold” by Analysts Greggs plc (GRG) Insider Richard Hutton Purchases 449 Shares of Stock NetGear, Inc. (NTGR) Director Jef Graham Sells 4,394 Shares Opko Health Inc. (OPK) CEO Phillip Md Et Al Frost Purchases 55,000 Shares Chaart Gold Holdings Ltd (CGH) Insider Martin Wiwen-Nilsson Acquires 15,000 Shares Somewhat Favorable News Coverage Likely to Affect HFF (HF) Share Price Hawaiian Electric Industries (HE) Given Media Impact Rating of 0.11 Somewhat Favorable News Coverage Likely to Affect Hornbeck Offshore Services (HOS) Stock Price Goldcorp (GG) Getting Somewhat Favorable Press Coverage, Study Shows FirstEnergy Corp. (FE) Receives Average Rating of “Hold” from Brokerages June 3rd, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Jeff Wilder Filed Under: Consensus Rating Articles - Finance Tweet Shares of FirstEnergy Corp. (NYSE:FE) have earned a consensus rating of “Hold” from the sixteen ratings firms that are presently covering the stock, Marketbeat.com reports. One analyst has rated the stock with a sell recommendation, nine have given a hold recommendation and six have issued a buy recommendation on the company. The average 12-month price target among brokerages that have updated their coverage on the stock in the last year is $34.57. Several research firms recently weighed in on FE. ValuEngine cut shares of FirstEnergy Corp. from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating in a research report on Friday. Morgan Stanley decreased their price objective on shares of FirstEnergy Corp. from $40.00 to $39.00 and set an “overweight” rating on the stock in a research report on Monday, May 8th. Jefferies Group LLC decreased their price objective on shares of FirstEnergy Corp. from $32.00 to $31.00 and set a “hold” rating on the stock in a research report on Monday, May 1st. JPMorgan Chase & Co. cut shares of FirstEnergy Corp. from an “overweight” rating to a “neutral” rating and reduced their price target for the company from $36.00 to $32.00 in a research report on Monday, May 1st. Finally, Barclays PLC upgraded shares of FirstEnergy Corp. from an “equal weight” rating to an “overweight” rating and reduced their price target for the company from $38.00 to $36.00 in a research report on Monday, May 1st. Several hedge funds and other institutional investors have recently modified their holdings of the company. Sowell Financial Services LLC purchased a new position in shares of FirstEnergy Corp. during the fourth quarter valued at about $105,000. Bessemer Group Inc. boosted its position in shares of FirstEnergy Corp. by 170.5% in the fourth quarter. Bessemer Group Inc. now owns 4,393 shares of the utilities provider’s stock valued at $135,000 after buying an additional 2,769 shares in the last quarter. Oppenheimer Asset Management Inc. purchased a new position in shares of FirstEnergy Corp. during the first quarter valued at about $139,000. Ancora Advisors LLC purchased a new position in shares of FirstEnergy Corp. during the fourth quarter valued at about $158,000. Finally, Sandy Spring Bank boosted its position in shares of FirstEnergy Corp. by 1.9% in the first quarter. Sandy Spring Bank now owns 5,075 shares of the utilities provider’s stock valued at $161,000 after buying an additional 97 shares in the last quarter. Hedge funds and other institutional investors own 74.16% of the company’s stock. Shares of FirstEnergy Corp. (NYSE FE) traded up 0.20% during midday trading on Monday, hitting $29.45. 2,794,693 shares of the company traded hands. The stock has a 50 day moving average of $29.41 and a 200-day moving average of $30.65. The stock’s market capitalization is $13.07 billion. FirstEnergy Corp. has a 52 week low of $27.93 and a 52 week high of $36.60. FirstEnergy Corp. (NYSE:FE) last posted its quarterly earnings data on Thursday, April 27th. The utilities provider reported $0.78 earnings per share for the quarter, topping the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of $0.71 by $0.07. The company had revenue of $3.60 billion for the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $3.64 billion. FirstEnergy Corp. had a negative net margin of 4.12% and a positive return on equity of 10.06%. FirstEnergy Corp.’s revenue for the quarter was down 7.7% compared to the same quarter last year. During the same period in the prior year, the business earned $0.80 earnings per share. Equities analysts forecast that FirstEnergy Corp. will post $2.80 earnings per share for the current fiscal year. The company also recently announced a quarterly dividend, which was paid on Thursday, June 1st. Stockholders of record on Friday, May 5th were issued a $0.36 dividend. This represents a $1.44 annualized dividend and a dividend yield of 4.89%. The ex-dividend date was Wednesday, May 3rd. FirstEnergy Corp.’s dividend payout ratio is -100.70%. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION WARNING: “FirstEnergy Corp. (FE) Receives Average Rating of “Hold” from Brokerages” was originally posted by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are reading this article on another domain, it was illegally copied and republished in violation of United States and international copyright law. The legal version of this article can be accessed at https://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/06/03/firstenergy-corp-fe-receives-average-rating-of-hold-from-brokerages.html. About FirstEnergy Corp. FirstEnergy Corp. is a holding company. The Company is engaged in holding, directly or indirectly, all of the outstanding equity of its principal subsidiaries. Its segments include Regulated Distribution, Regulated Transmission, Competitive Energy Services (CES) and Corporate/Other. As of December 31, 2016, the Regulated Distribution segment distributed electricity through the Company’s 10 utility operating companies, serving approximately six million customers, and purchased power for its provider of last resort (POLR), standard offer service (SOS), standard offer service (SSO) and default service requirements in Ohio, Pennsylvania, New Jersey and Maryland. Receive News & Ratings for FirstEnergy Corp. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for FirstEnergy Corp. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Jeff Sessions Spoke of Resigning After Tensions Increase with Trump President Trump’s Tweets Complicate Already Complicated Week World Leaders Very Critical of Paris Agreement Decision by Trump Aide to President Trump Resigns With More Expected Scud-Class Missile Launched by North Korea © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Skip to navigation Skip to content Skip to footer View text version of this page Help using this website - Accessibility statement Menu WA Today Business Login Sign-up Become a WA Today member today Join today and you can easily save your favourite articles, join in the conversation and comment, plus select which news your want direct to your inbox. Create your account now! Become a WA Today member today Join today and you can easily save your favourite articles, join in the conversation and comment, plus select which news your want direct to your inbox. Create your account now! Home News Sport Business World Politics Comment Property Entertainment Lifestyle Travel Cars Tech Video All News WA News WA Election 2017 National Environment Health Education Galleries Good Weekend NSW News Victoria News ACT News Queensland Sport AFL WA Sport Cricket Union Soccer NRL Racing Golf Basketball Cycling Motorsport Tennis Scores Athletics Swimming Boxing Sailing Netball Fitz Files Business News Markets Quotes Workplace Consumer Property Innovation Retail Economy CBD Money Small Business Politics Politics Political Opinion Video Cartoons The Pulse Federal Election 2016 Your Vote Electorate Map Comment View from the Street Blunt Instrument Obituaries Satire Heckler Entertainment Movies TV & Radio TV Guide Music Art Stage Books Your Perth Video Lifestyle News & Views Life & Relationships Health & Wellbeing Beauty Fashion Celebrity Home The Optimist Tech News Security Web Culture Innovation Sci-Tech Games Gadgets Smartphone Apps Mobiles Video News Sport Business Entertainment Lifestyle Property Cars Food Exec Style Parenting Search Site News Markets Quotes Workplace Consumer Retail Economy CBD Money Small Biz Property Innovation Indices Market Movers Sectors Currencies Live 52 Week Highs 52 Week Lows Floats & IPOs Home Business Markets June 4 2017 Save Print License article US rate hike path questioned as jobs data softens Timothy Moore facebook SHARE twitter TWEET email google-plus linkedin reddit More Slowing US jobs growth is unlikely to prevent the Federal Reserve from lifting interest rates this month but Friday's soft employment number will keep markets guessing how much more tightening is ahead this year. With market bets hovering near 90 per cent and Federal Reserve officials continuing to point to solid economic momentum, policy makers seem certain to vote to increase rates for the second time this year at their June 13-14 meeting. The debate has already begun to intensify about whether the Fed will then pause or hike rates again before the end of the calendar year. Fed officials have tipped the potential for three or even four hikes in all this year but they'll have to contend with still somewhat messy data. On the weekend, the US Labor Department said the economy there added 138,000 jobs last month, well below forecasts of 185,000; April's initial 211,000 additions were pared to 174,000, March's 79,000 to 50,000, suggesting the labour market is losing some momentum. Wage growth also disappointed, remaining stuck at an annual rate of 2.5 per cent. SHARE Share on Facebook SHARE Share on Twitter TWEET Link Over the weekend, policy hawk Patrick Harker, president of the Fed bank in Philadelphia, affirmed his bullish view for rates: "I still see three hikes of 25 basis points each as appropriate for 2017." Photo: Andrew Harrer But the unemployment rate dipped to 4.3 per cent last month – the lowest since 2001 – from 4.4 per cent in April and 4.5 per cent in March. Since January, the unemployment rate has declined by 0.5 percentage point, and the number of unemployed has decreased by 774,000. "While the message was a little muddied, the evidence generally suggests the labour market is cyclically tightening, and the Fed will need to continue to lean against that," JPMorgan economist Michael Feroli said. Advertisement "We still believe it is very likely that the Fed will hike later this month. Perhaps more in question is the signal coming out of that meeting regarding subsequent hikes." Goldman Sachs on Friday pushed back its forecast for a third rate increase this year to December from September, while market pricing suggests less than an even chance of another rate rise by the end of the year, and investors are now pricing in less than one further rate hike in 2018. That's increasingly at odds with Fed projections of three rate hikes in both 2017 and 2018. Increasing yields Not all economists are as gloomy as market pricing suggests. "With survey evidence suggesting that it [the jobless rate] will fall below 4 per cent in the next few months, and wage growth likely to pick up before long, we expect the Fed to raise rates steadily over the next year and a half," said Capital Economics' Oliver Jones, in making a bullish case. That should lead the yield on 10-year US Treasury notes higher, Mr Jones said. He's forecasting the 10-year yield will rise to 3.5 per cent by the end of 2018. It's an aggressive bet. On Friday, the 10-year yield slid 5 basis points to 2.16 per cent, near a seven-month low. The 10-year yield reached as high as 2.64 per cent in mid-March as investors positioned for an acceleration in economic growth. But President Donald Trump's political troubles undercut that optimism, belting bonds. In contrast, US stocks have managed to extend their rally since Trump's election, shifting from the Trump reflation trade to buoyant first-quarter earnings – it hasn't hurt that the biggest technology stocks including Apple, Alphabet, Amazon, Microsoft and Facebook, have surged. Over the weekend Apple's market capitalisation topped the $US800 billion mark. Amazon last week cleared the $US1000 a share mark. Investors tolerance for risk seems undaunted. "Year to date equity performance remains very concentrated, with FANG [Facebook, Amazon, Netflix and Google] and technology representing 65 per cent of YTD gains," Fundstrat's Thomas Lee and associates said in a June 2 report. "In other words, unless an investor owned FANG [and its cousins] this year, they would be underperforming." On Friday in New York, Wall Street's three key benchmarks each set fresh record highs, helping ASX futures rise 10 points or 0.2 per cent. The S&P/ASX 200 added 50 points or 0.9 per cent on Friday. This week and next investors will be in pre-Fed decision mode and Fed policymakers will fall silent. 'I still see three hikes' Over the weekend though, policy hawk Patrick Harker, president of the Fed bank in Philadelphia, affirmed his bullish view for rates. "Based on the strength of the economy, I still see three hikes of 25 basis points each as appropriate for 2017," he said in remarks for a speech. While he saw "little slack left in the labour market", Mr Harker forecast the jobless rate could fall as low as 4.2 per cent in the year ahead. "In the very near future, we're not going to need to create jobs at the intense pace we've been experiencing over the past few years," Mr Harker said. "The 100,000-jobs-a-month rate is going to be more than sufficient to keep up with population growth. That's more or less the rate we'll need in a normal, healthy economy." As for inflation, Mr Harker also is bullish on it, despite a setback in April. "My forecast remains that we should reach our inflation goal around the end of the year," he said. Key to the Fed reaching its inflation target are higher wages about which he's optimistic. "I estimate wage growth of between 2.5 and 3 per cent this year," Mr Harker said. "This is a very good sign; it's one of the things that's been missing as the recovery has unfolded." Late last week, San Francisco Fed boss John Williams said he still saw three hikes this year, potentially four if the economy gets an unexpected boost. Fed governor Lael Brainard last week offered a more dovish take, citing her wariness about the improving labour market and slowing inflation. Originally published on as 'US rate hike path questioned as jobs data softens'. Advertisement HuffPost Australia Bill Gates May Soon Lose His Spot As ... Contains: External link The Big Four Whingeing About The Bank ... Contains: External link Most Popular Coles admits most of its workforce underpaid Iron ore, debt could send Aussie back to US50¢ 'You're kidding' - how Aussies banks mistreat customers Hep A frozen berries from same farm and plant as the 2015 recalled fruit Sydney householders sitting very tight – we don’t want to sell Follow BusinessDay Share on FacebookFacebook Share on TwitterTwitter Follow WA Today Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on EmailNewsletters Advertisement Most Viewed Today Previous slide Next slide Business Iron ore, debt could send Aussie back to US50¢ Coles admits most of its workforce underpaid Hep A frozen berries from same farm and plant as the 2015 recalled fruit One step forward, two back: How to rort 457 visas 'This is in effect wage theft': The problem of working at Aldi WA Today Perth boy in ICU after hospital gives insulin overdose 'The prettiest girl in the school': How teacher lured his teenage victims New footage reveals sheer violence of Andrew Bolt attack Global ranking puts one Australian uni in top 20 West Australian town with lowest toddler vaccination rate revealed The Sydney Morning Herald New footage reveals sheer violence of Andrew Bolt attack In two short sentences, the White House just partially excused terrorism Global ranking puts one Australian uni in top 20 Qantas shares flying, but Joyce hit exit button early 'She wanted to yell out but she couldn't': Four men on trial for party gang rape The Age New footage reveals sheer violence of Andrew Bolt attack 'Inspiring' reporter and journalism educator Jill Singer dead at 60 Historic industrial property set to become new suburb Death toll rises to eight in London attack after body found Boy's diary puts paedophile near beach when Beaumont children disappeared Brisbane Times Protesting councillor warned to 'get out of the way' of $115 million Wynnum Road project Claim $50,000 found in Paul Pisasale's plane luggage was for friend barrister Two new high schools planned for inner-city Brisbane In two short sentences, the White House just partially excused terrorism Sara Zelenak confirmed as killed in London terror attack Canberra Times The ACT suburb paying almost $10k in rates Popular Canberra breakfast radio team are no more What's behind the hoarding - inside 'Monaro Mall' Westside Container Village's new home In two short sentences, the White House just partially excused terrorism WA Today Share via Email Share on Facebook Share on Google Plus Share on Twitter RSS Feed Products and Services AM Edition PM Edition Good Food Guide WA Today Sitemap About Us Contact Us Advertise With Us Text Version Site Accessibility Guide Privacy Policy Conditions of Use Classifieds Classifieds & Notices Cars Dating Jobs Real Estate Commercial Real Estate Oneflare Nabo Our Sites SMH The Age AFR.com Adzuna Domain Drive RSVP Essential Baby Home Price Guide Weatherzone Fairfax Media Account Details News Store Archive Fairfax Syndication Careers Events Press Council Copyright © 2017Fairfax Media Website Feedback
Login Register Contact Us Subscribe News Current Issue Politics Technology Health Care Real Estate Small Business Entertainment More Industries Opinion Editorials Op-Eds Letters to the Editor Greg David on New York Polls Editor's Note Features Power Couples 40 Under 40 Best Places to Work Stats and the City Hall of Fame Fast 50 Most Powerful Women Top Entrepreneurs 25th Anniversary Most Connected 20 Under 20 Current Issue Events Crain's Events Featured Events Corporate Membership Health Pulse Pro Corporate Membership My Events Post Your Event Standard Event Featured Event Premium Event FAQ Data & Lists Business Lists Book of Lists For the Record Executive Moves Stats and the City Multimedia Photo Finish Podcasts SNAPS Video Newsletters Email Newsletter Alerts Health Pulse Morning 10 Morning Insider Custom Content Hispanic Executive Awards Heritage Healthcare Innovation Awards White Papers Real Estate on The Market Advertorials Anchin Insights TV New York Stories Industry Coverage Health Care Health Pulse Real Estate Politics Technology Small Business Advertising & Marketing Arts Economy Education Finance Hospitality & Tourism Labor & Unions Entertainment Nonprofits Professional Services Retail & Apparel Transportation News Home Current Issue Real Estate Small Business Health Care Politics Technology Entertainment More Industries Advertising & Marketing Arts Economy Education Finance Hospitality & Tourism Labor & Unions Nonprofits Professional Services Retail & Apparel Transportation NEWS › Politics June 4, 2017 12:01 a.m. NYC CEOs support Paris but don't plan to dump Trump Aaron Elstein Comments Email Print × Photo: Bloomberg News LLOYD TWEETS: Blankfein’s missive over Trump’s Paris accord retreat was his first in six years on Twitter. To continue reading this story, please choose an option below. Crain's Recommends From Around The Web Business Lists 2017 Book of Lists Minority-Owned Businesses Women-Owned Businesses Top Manhattan Office Leases Health Pulse 2016 Compensation Database Resources Executive Moves Events Calendar Data Center For The Record Get Crain's Morning Insider Sign up for the Morning Insider email and receive political news and musings every morning at 6 a.m. More Newsletters › LATEST MOST POPULAR Latest Meet the mayor of New York's cake bakers How minimum-wage hikes are changing NYC's... New medicines could help sick New Yorkers... Four Seasons CEO sees Airbnb as formidable... Taxi King arrested for failing to pay $5... Most Popular The Bronx is booming: Film studio breaks... Cornell Tech starts up Bloodletting: City's public hospital system... No adults allowed: City wins long legal... Just another manic Monday for subway riders Related News Unions' agenda has been labor of love for de Blasio Cuomo says the state will keep Affordable Care Act protections in place Trump endorses controversial air-traffic spinoff plan Blankfein tweets, Iger quits Trump council in climate fury Nonprofits win three-week reprieve to escape city's foreclosure track California, New York, Washington unite to back climate pact after Trump withdraws from Paris accord Comments News Real Estate Small Business Health Care Technology Politics Entertainment Health Pulse All Industries Photos Resources White Papers Executive Moves Real Estate Deals Business Lists Book of Lists Custom Content Meeting Planner's Guide Advertorials Broadcast New York Stories Opinion Editorials Letters to the Editor Op-Ed Columns Greg David on NY Subscribe to Crain's Subscribe now Digital Subscription Email Newsletters Morning 10 Daily Alert Real Estate Daily Video Small Business See All Crain Communications Crain's National Crain Communications Events Events Calendar Crain's Events All events Post an Event About Crain's New York Business Advertise with us Contact Us Staff Directory Reprints Newsstands Site Map Corrections Editorial Calendar Privacy Policy Terms and Conditions Features Power Couples 40 Under 40 Best Places to Work Most Powerful Women Top Entrepreneurs Fast 50 Stats and the City Hall of Fame 20 Under 20 Current Issue SUBSCRIBE TODAY Entire contents © 2017 Crain Communications Inc.
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Yext Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Yext Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Brokerages Anticipate Xylem Inc (XYL) Will Post Quarterly Sales of $1.17 Billion Sky Plc (SKYAY) Receives Consensus Recommendation of “Hold” from Brokerages LifePoint Health Inc (LPNT) Receives Consensus Recommendation of “Hold” from Brokerages Zacks: Brokerages Expect Transocean LTD (RIG) to Post -$0.10 EPS WestJet Airlines Ltd. (WJA) Director Ron A. Brenneman Acquires 5,000 Shares Qualstar Co. (QBAK) Major Shareholder William J. Gervais Sells 18,952 Shares of Stock Godaddy Inc (GDDY) Insider Barbara J. Rechterman Sells 4,314 Shares of Stock Mobil'nye Telesistemy PAO (MBT) Given Coverage Optimism Score of 0.10 Las Vegas Sands Corp. (LVS) Given Daily Media Sentiment Rating of 0.11 Zacks: Brokerages Anticipate Hope Bancorp Inc (HOPE) to Announce $0.32 EPS Brokerages Set Ionis Pharmaceuticals Inc (IONS) Price Target at $43.39 Brandywine Realty Trust (BDN) Given Average Recommendation of “Hold” by Analysts Greggs plc (GRG) Insider Richard Hutton Purchases 449 Shares of Stock NetGear, Inc. (NTGR) Director Jef Graham Sells 4,394 Shares Opko Health Inc. (OPK) CEO Phillip Md Et Al Frost Purchases 55,000 Shares Chaart Gold Holdings Ltd (CGH) Insider Martin Wiwen-Nilsson Acquires 15,000 Shares Somewhat Favorable News Coverage Likely to Affect HFF (HF) Share Price Hawaiian Electric Industries (HE) Given Media Impact Rating of 0.11 Somewhat Favorable News Coverage Likely to Affect Hornbeck Offshore Services (HOS) Stock Price Goldcorp (GG) Getting Somewhat Favorable Press Coverage, Study Shows Morgan Stanley Reiterates “Equal Weight” Rating for Yext Inc (YEXT) June 3rd, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Trevor Kearing Filed Under: Finance Tweet Yext Inc (NYSE:YEXT)‘s stock had its “equal weight” rating reaffirmed by research analysts at Morgan Stanley in a research note issued to investors on Saturday. They currently have a $15.00 target price on the stock, up from their previous target price of $14.00. Morgan Stanley’s price target would suggest a potential upside of 18.67% from the company’s current price. Several other brokerages have also weighed in on YEXT. Royal Bank of Canada reiterated a “buy” rating and issued a $18.00 price objective on shares of Yext in a research report on Friday, June 2nd. Pacific Crest began coverage on Yext in a research report on Monday, May 8th. They issued a “sector weight” rating for the company. JPMorgan Chase & Co. began coverage on Yext in a research note on Monday, May 8th. They set a “neutral” rating and a $15.00 price target on the stock. Finally, Piper Jaffray Companies began coverage on Yext in a research note on Monday, May 8th. They set an “overweight” rating and a $17.00 price target on the stock. Two investment analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and two have given a buy rating to the company’s stock. Yext has an average rating of “Buy” and an average price target of $16.25. Yext (YEXT) traded down 2.17% during midday trading on Friday, hitting $12.64. The stock had a trading volume of 764,962 shares. The company’s market cap is $396.82 million. Yext has a 12-month low of $12.46 and a 12-month high of $15.11. The firm has a 50-day moving average of $13.76 and a 200-day moving average of $13.75. Yext (NYSE:YEXT) last issued its quarterly earnings data on Thursday, June 1st. The company reported ($0.13) earnings per share for the quarter, topping the consensus estimate of ($0.15) by $0.02. The business had revenue of $37.10 million during the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $35.14 million. The company’s revenue for the quarter was up 36.9% compared to the same quarter last year. Equities research analysts forecast that Yext will post ($0.50) EPS for the current year. TRADEMARK VIOLATION NOTICE: “Morgan Stanley Reiterates “Equal Weight” Rating for Yext Inc (YEXT)” was originally published by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are accessing this story on another website, it was illegally copied and republished in violation of United States and international copyright laws. The correct version of this story can be viewed at https://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/06/03/yext-inc-yext-stock-rating-reaffirmed-by-morgan-stanley.html. About Yext Yext Inc is a knowledge engine provider. Yext puts business on the map. The Yext Knowledge Engine enables companies to manage their digital knowledge in the cloud and sync it to over 100 services in the PowerListings Network, including Apple Maps, Bing, Cortana, Facebook, Google, Google Maps, Instagram, Siri and Yelp. Receive News & Ratings for Yext Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Yext Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Jeff Sessions Spoke of Resigning After Tensions Increase with Trump President Trump’s Tweets Complicate Already Complicated Week World Leaders Very Critical of Paris Agreement Decision by Trump Aide to President Trump Resigns With More Expected Scud-Class Missile Launched by North Korea © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home Mail Flickr Tumblr News Sports Finance Celebrity Answers Groups Mobile More Yahoo Search Search Skip to Navigation Skip to Main Content Skip to Related Content 0 News Home Follow Us US World Politics Tech Science Odd News ABC News Yahoo Originals Katie Couric Matt Bai Watch Live Yahoo News coverage of James Comey testimony Katie Couric and guests preview the former FBI director’s appearance before the Senate Intelligence Committee Musk, Iger to quit Trump advisory councils after Paris accord decision By David Shepardson Reuters June 2, 2017 Reblog Share Tweet Share View photos FILE PHOTO: Tesla Chief Executive Elon Musk smiles as he attends a forum on startups in Hong Kong, China January 26, 2016. REUTERS/Bobby Yip/File PhotoMore By David Shepardson (Reuters) - Tesla Inc Chief Executive Officer Elon Musk and Walt Disney Co CEO Robert Iger said on Thursday they would leave White House advisory councils after U.S. President Donald Trump said he would withdraw from the Paris climate accord. Trump decided to pull the United States from the landmark 2015 global agreement designed to fight climate change despite entreaties from U.S. allies and corporate leaders in an action that fulfilled a major campaign pledge. "Climate change is real. Leaving Paris is not good for America or the world," Musk said in a Twitter post. He is a member of the President’s Strategic and Policy Forum, a business advisory group, and Trump's manufacturing jobs council. Musk said on Wednesday that he had done "all I can" to convince Trump to stay in the accord, and threatened to leave the presidential advisory councils if Trump announced a U.S. exit from the accord. Iger wrote on Twitter that "as a matter of principle, I've resigned from the President's Council over the #ParisAgreement withdrawal." He is leaving the business advisory group. Uber Technologies Inc [UBER.UL] CEO Travis Kalanick quit the business advisory council in February amid pressure from activists and employees who opposed the administration's immigration policies. Trump created the business advisory group in December before taking office to assist him in making policy decisions. The group is led by Stephen Schwarzman, chief executive of Blackstone Group LP and includes Indra Nooyi, the chief executive of PepsiCo Inc and Jamie Dimon, chief executive of JPMorgan Chase & Co . Late on Thursday, BlackRock Inc Chief Executive Larry Fink said he would continue to serve on Trump's CEO Forum, despite reservations about the White House decision to withdraw from the Paris accord. "I accepted the invitation to serve on the President's CEO Forum because I believe I can contribute to the policy dialogue in Washington and serve as a voice for investors," Fink said in a statement. "I am a strong believer that our industry needs to have a voice with governments around the world," said Fink, whose company is the world's largest asset manager, with $5.4 trillion under management. "I do not agree with all of the president's policies and decisions, including today's announcement to exit the U.S. from the Paris Agreement which I believe is a critical step forward in addressing climate change." Asked about Musk's resignation, Commerce Secretary Wilbur Ross told Fox News that "anybody who read the agreement and understood it would realize that this was not really about climate, this was about U.S. money going to other countries and it didn’t solve the climate problem." Musk has met with Trump several times and spoken with him about the long-term goal of his company SpaceX for flights to Mars carrying humans. The White House is planning to a hold a meeting with technology leaders on June 19, an administration spokesman said Wednesday. General Motors Co said Chief Executive Officer Mary Barra would remain on the presidential advisory panel, adding that her participation "provides GM a seat at an important table to contribute to a constructive dialogue about key policy issues." In 2013, GM signed a declaration joining other major companies arguing that responding to climate change was good business. The automaker said on Thursday that despite the withdrawal it "will not waver from our commitment to the environment." It was unclear whether Ford Motor Co's new chief executive, James Hackett, would join Trump's panel. Ford spokeswoman Christin Baker said on Thursday the No.2 U.S. automaker believes "climate change is real, and remain deeply committed to reducing greenhouse gas emissions in our vehicles and our facilities." (Reporting by Subrat Patnaik in Bengaluru, David Shepardson in Washington, and Trevor Hunnicutt in New York; Editing by Savio D'Souza, David Gregorio and Lisa Shumaker) Reblog Share Tweet Share Popular in the Community Mom loses 107 lbs to spite husband and mistress who called her fat 3,573 reactions15%57%28% James Comey testifies at Senate hearing 9 reactions0%82%18% Live coverage: James Comey Senate testimony 358 reactions5%70%25% Confession of LeBron: 'I'm drained right now' after another NBA Finals loss to the Warriors 740 reactions6%75%19% Deadly military transport plane crash in Myanmar 16 reactions0%78%22% Young Londoner expresses support for Labor Party 5 reactions0%100%0% Luis Fonsi On Justin Bieber's Spanish, 'Despacito' Hitting No. 1 155 reactions4%79%17% Mystery Creature Spotted In California Foothills 269 reactions2%86%12% This Guy Wore The Same Shirt For Every Yearbook Photo For Seven Years 623 reactions11%76%13% Christina El Moussa Dating Businessman, Ex Tarek ‘Acting Out’ Source Says 1,264 reactions5%77%18% Fantastic photography of insects and water droplets 24 reactions26%62%12% Voters head to polls for UK elections 2 reactions Historic Pearl River Mart Reopens to Bring 'Cross-Cultural Joy' to NYC 98 reactions8%68%24% Oprah Winfrey Speaks Out On Bill Maher's N-Word Controversy 1,078 reactions3%64%33% Jessica Simpson Criticized for Sharing Bikini Photo of 5-Year-Old Daughter 2,823 reactions5%62%33% Putin Has Most Putin Response To Whether He’d Shower Next To A Gay Man 2,715 reactions5%67%28% Social media explodes over Comey testimony stormhawk31: Seriously, how many times, and by how many knowledgeable people, both Republican and Democrat, do you idiots have to be told "There is absolutely no evidence of ANY 'collusion'", before you get it? Trump isn't even under investigation, and NEVER has been. I mean, do you idiots even understand English? Apparently not. Join the Conversation 1 / 5 182
  Caracas, Thursday June 8,2017   Home | About us | Who's Who | Contacts | Help Search:  Venezuela Links Venezuela Overview Venezuelan Embassies & Consulates Around The World Sites/Blogs about Venezuela Venezuelan Newspapers Facts about Venezuela Venezuela Tourism Embassies in Caracas Colombia Links Colombia Overview Colombian Embassies & Consulates Around the World Government Links Embassies in Bogota Media Sites/Blogs about Colombia Educational Institutions Wall Street Stocks Commodity Prices Commodities Crude Oil US Gasoline Prices Natural Gas Gold Silver Copper Currencies Euro UK Pound Australia Dollar Canada Dollar Brazil Real Mexico Peso India Rupee Caribbean Antigua & Barbuda Aruba Barbados Cayman Islands Cuba Curacao Dominica Caribbean G-Z Grenada Haiti Jamaica Saint Kitts and Nevis Saint Lucia Saint Vincent and the Grenadines Central America Belize Costa Rica El Salvador Honduras Nicaragua Panama North America Bahamas Bermuda Mexico South America Argentina Brazil Chile Guyana Paraguay Peru Uruguay Follow Us What's New at LAHT? Follow Us On Facebook Follow Us On Twitter Most Viewed on the Web Popular on Twitter Receive Our Daily Headlines   HOME | USA Another Trump Adviser Slams His Decision to Pull US Out of Paris Climate Pact BEIJING  The chief executive of one of the United States most important banks who is also a member of President Donald Trumps business advisory council has expressed his disagreement with the countrys pullout from the Paris agreement on climate change. Jamie Dimon of JPMorgan Chase criticized the latest decision of the US president, although he ruled out stepping down from his role as adviser, unlike others, in an interview published Saturday by the South China Morning Post. I dont know anyone who agrees with everything that a president or prime minister says, said Dimon, adding it was important to commit towards a more open dialogue. Dimons statement came after Tesla co-founder Elon Musk and Disneys chief executive Bob Iger announced they were stepping down as advisers to Trump over his decision to pull the US out of the Paris agreement on climate. I am a patriot, I want to help the president to do a better job, Dimon said. During the interview, he also spoke about other issues such as relations with China and said that Beijing and Washington should resume the process for regular bilateral dialogue on economy, security and defense. Besides economy, trade and education, Dimon stressed on the need for consistent political and defense dialogue about the world, not only the South China Sea, but also North Koreas nuclear program and peace in the Middle East.   Enter your email address to subscribe to free headlines (and great cartoons so every email has a happy ending!) from the Latin American Herald Tribune:   RSS Feed [ Home ] [ About Us ] [ Who's Who ] [ Contacts ] [ Help ] Copyright Latin American Herald Tribune - 2005-2015 © All rights reserved
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Morgan Stanley - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Morgan Stanley with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Deutsche EuroShop AG (DEQ) Given a €47.00 Price Target at Kepler Capital Markets Kepler Capital Markets Analysts Give TLG Immobilien AG (TLG) a €22.00 Price Target JPMorgan Chase & Co. Analysts Give Metro Ag (MEO3) a €30.50 Price Target Independent Research GmbH Analysts Give Metro Ag (MEO3) a €38.00 Price Target Deutsche Bank AG Analysts Give Metro Ag (MEO3) a €27.00 Price Target Gerry Weber International AG (GWI1) Given a €10.50 Price Target by Hauck & Aufhaeuser Analysts Persimmon plc (PSN) Given New GBX 2,340 Price Target at Deutsche Bank AG Berenberg Bank Reiterates Hold Rating for Greggs plc (GRG) Celldex Therapeutics, Inc. (CLDX) Raised to “Buy” at Zacks Investment Research Jefferies Group LLC Reaffirms Buy Rating for BorgWarner Inc. (BWA) Barclays PLC Downgrades Worldpay Grp Plc (WDDYF) to Equal Weight Applied DNA Sciences Inc (APDN) Stock Rating Lowered by ValuEngine Cdn Western Bank (CBWBF) Stock Rating Upgraded by CIBC ValuEngine Downgrades Africa Oil Corp (AOIFF) to Sell First National Co. (FXNC) Rating Increased to Buy at ValuEngine ValuEngine Upgrades NIPPON STEEL & SUM (NSSMY) to “Buy” Micro Imaging Technology Inc (MMTC) Upgraded by ValuEngine to Sell Scandium International Mining Corp (EMC) PT Raised to C$3.90 Evotec AG (EVT) PT Set at €13.00 by Berenberg Bank BRP Inc (DOO) PT Raised to C$41.00 at Scotiabank Morgan Stanley (MS) Rating Reiterated by Instinet June 3rd, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Latisha Jones Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Finance Tweet Morgan Stanley (NYSE:MS)‘s stock had its “buy” rating reissued by investment analysts at Instinet in a research note issued to investors on Saturday. They presently have a $50.00 price target on the financial services provider’s stock, down from their prior price target of $51.00. Instinet’s target price suggests a potential upside of 17.59% from the company’s current price. Several other analysts have also recently weighed in on the stock. Compass Point cut shares of Morgan Stanley from a “neutral” rating to a “sell” rating and set a $34.00 price target on the stock. in a report on Monday, March 27th. They noted that the move was a valuation call. Vetr cut shares of Morgan Stanley from a “hold” rating to a “sell” rating and set a $39.48 price target on the stock. in a report on Monday, March 27th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. reiterated a “buy” rating on shares of Morgan Stanley in a report on Thursday, March 30th. HSBC Holdings plc reiterated a “neutral” rating and issued a $45.00 price target on shares of Morgan Stanley in a report on Tuesday, April 25th. Finally, Deutsche Bank AG upgraded shares of Morgan Stanley from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and lifted their price target for the company from $42.49 to $47.00 in a report on Wednesday, March 29th. One research analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, nine have assigned a hold rating, nineteen have assigned a buy rating and one has issued a strong buy rating to the stock. The stock presently has a consensus rating of “Buy” and an average price target of $42.20. Morgan Stanley (MS) traded down 0.21% on Friday, hitting $42.52. 10,016,390 shares of the company were exchanged. The stock has a 50 day moving average of $42.70 and a 200 day moving average of $43.23. Morgan Stanley has a 52 week low of $23.11 and a 52 week high of $47.33. The company has a market capitalization of $78.65 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 12.61 and a beta of 1.80. Morgan Stanley (NYSE:MS) last released its quarterly earnings results on Wednesday, April 19th. The financial services provider reported $1.00 earnings per share for the quarter, beating the consensus estimate of $0.90 by $0.10. The business had revenue of $9.75 billion for the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $9.29 billion. Morgan Stanley had a net margin of 15.76% and a return on equity of 8.48%. The firm’s revenue for the quarter was up 25.1% compared to the same quarter last year. During the same quarter in the previous year, the business posted $0.55 earnings per share. Analysts predict that Morgan Stanley will post $3.48 EPS for the current fiscal year. The firm also recently declared a quarterly dividend, which was paid on Monday, May 15th. Stockholders of record on Monday, May 1st were given a dividend of $0.20 per share. This represents a $0.80 annualized dividend and a dividend yield of 1.88%. The ex-dividend date of this dividend was Thursday, April 27th. Morgan Stanley’s payout ratio is currently 27.40%. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY WARNING: This report was originally reported by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are viewing this report on another site, it was copied illegally and republished in violation of US and international trademark & copyright laws. The correct version of this report can be viewed at https://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/06/03/morgan-stanley-ms-rating-reiterated-by-instinet.html. In other news, Chairman James P. Gorman sold 212,365 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction dated Wednesday, May 10th. The shares were sold at an average price of $42.93, for a total transaction of $9,116,829.45. Following the completion of the sale, the chairman now owns 1,389,378 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $59,645,997.54. The transaction was disclosed in a legal filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is available through the SEC website. 0.35% of the stock is owned by corporate insiders. Several large investors have recently added to or reduced their stakes in MS. Invictus RG acquired a new stake in Morgan Stanley during the first quarter valued at approximately $106,000. FTB Advisors Inc. raised its stake in Morgan Stanley by 8.1% in the first quarter. FTB Advisors Inc. now owns 2,605 shares of the financial services provider’s stock valued at $112,000 after buying an additional 196 shares during the last quarter. State of Alaska Department of Revenue acquired a new stake in Morgan Stanley during the first quarter valued at approximately $120,000. Adirondack Trust Co. raised its stake in Morgan Stanley by 2.5% in the first quarter. Adirondack Trust Co. now owns 2,824 shares of the financial services provider’s stock valued at $121,000 after buying an additional 70 shares during the last quarter. Finally, Salem Investment Counselors Inc. acquired a new stake in Morgan Stanley during the third quarter valued at approximately $110,000. 85.87% of the stock is owned by hedge funds and other institutional investors. Morgan Stanley Company Profile Morgan Stanley is a financial holding company. The Company’s segments include Institutional Securities, Wealth Management and Investment Management. The Company’s Institutional Securities business segment provides investment banking, sales and trading, and other services to corporations, governments, financial institutions and high-to-ultra high net worth clients. Receive News & Ratings for Morgan Stanley Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Morgan Stanley and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Trump’s Tweets Complicate Already Complicated Week World Leaders Very Critical of Paris Agreement Decision by Trump Aide to President Trump Resigns With More Expected Scud-Class Missile Launched by North Korea Travel Ban Dealt Another Blow by Appeals Court © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance BCE Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for BCE Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Digiliti Money Group Inc (DGLT) Raised to “Hold” at Zacks Investment Research JPMorgan Chase & Co. Reaffirms “Neutral” Rating for Cree, Inc. (CREE) Dynavax Technologies Co. (DVAX) Downgraded by ValuEngine to Strong Sell Analyzing Global Eagle Entertainment (ENT) & Comcast (CMCSK) CIGNA Co. (CI) Upgraded to Buy at ValuEngine Kopin (KOPN) versus Qorvo (QRVO) Financial Contrast Pacer Advisors Inc. Has $339,000 Stake in Regions Financial Corp (RF) Buckingham Capital Management Inc. Reduces Position in Delta Air Lines, Inc. (DAL) Illumina, Inc. (ILMN) Shares Bought by Nordea Investment Management AB Casey's General Stores Inc (CASY) Stake Boosted by Nordea Investment Management AB 25,494 Shares in Weibo Corp (WB) Acquired by Nordea Investment Management AB Tortoise Investment Management LLC Sells 765 Shares of Delta Air Lines, Inc. (DAL) Mason Street Advisors LLC Purchases 520 Shares of BancorpSouth, Inc. (BXS) Pacer Advisors Inc. Purchases 44 Shares of Essex Property Trust Inc (ESS) Pacer Advisors Inc. Purchases 1,080 Shares of Clean Harbors Inc (CLH) Pacer Advisors Inc. Purchases New Position in Science Applications International Corp (SAIC) Pacer Advisors Inc. Has $338,000 Stake in Ciena Co. (CIEN) Envestnet Asset Management Inc. Sells 624 Shares of ICU Medical (ICUI) Mercantile Bank Corp. (MBWM) Expected to Announce Quarterly Sales of $31.16 Million Tata Motors Limited (TTM) Earns News Sentiment Rating of -0.07 BCE Inc. (BCE) Receives Average Recommendation of “Hold” from Analysts June 3rd, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Stacy Sanders Filed Under: Consensus Rating Articles - Finance Tweet Shares of BCE Inc. (TSE:BCE) (NYSE:BCE) have been assigned a consensus recommendation of “Hold” from the sixteen ratings firms that are covering the company, MarketBeat Ratings reports. Four analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and three have assigned a buy rating to the company. The average 12 month price objective among brokers that have issued ratings on the stock in the last year is C$62.21. A number of research firms have weighed in on BCE. Desjardins lifted their price target on shares of BCE from C$64.00 to C$65.00 and gave the stock a “buy” rating in a research note on Thursday, February 16th. Canaccord Genuity decreased their price target on shares of BCE from C$64.00 to C$60.00 in a research note on Friday, February 3rd. Morgan Stanley lifted their price target on shares of BCE from C$61.00 to C$62.00 in a research note on Wednesday, May 17th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. decreased their price target on shares of BCE from C$66.00 to C$64.00 and set an “overweight” rating on the stock in a research note on Friday, February 3rd. Finally, Scotiabank reiterated a “sector perform” rating and set a C$61.00 price target on shares of BCE in a research note on Thursday, April 27th. In related news, Director John Watson sold 81,807 shares of BCE stock in a transaction dated Friday, April 28th. The stock was sold at an average price of C$61.90, for a total value of C$5,063,853.30. Also, insider Duc Bernard Le sold 63,746 shares of BCE stock in a transaction dated Wednesday, March 22nd. The shares were sold at an average price of C$58.26, for a total value of C$3,713,841.96. BCE (BCE) remained flat at $61.08 on Monday. The stock had a trading volume of 564,685 shares. BCE has a one year low of $56.80 and a one year high of $63.41. The firm has a market cap of $54.94 billion and a PE ratio of 18.57. The company’s 50-day moving average price is $61.28 and its 200 day moving average price is $59.08. The firm also recently declared a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Saturday, July 15th. Investors of record on Saturday, July 15th will be issued a $0.7175 dividend. The ex-dividend date is Tuesday, June 13th. This represents a $2.87 dividend on an annualized basis and a dividend yield of 4.70%. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY WARNING: This news story was first reported by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are reading this news story on another site, it was illegally stolen and reposted in violation of US and international trademark & copyright law. The correct version of this news story can be accessed at https://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/06/03/bce-inc-bce-receives-average-recommendation-of-hold-from-analysts.html. About BCE BCE Inc is a communications company. The Company’s segments include Bell Wireless, Bell Wireline and Bell Media. Its Bell Wireless segment provides wireless voice and data communications products and services to its residential, small and medium-sized business and large enterprise customers across Canada. Receive News & Ratings for BCE Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for BCE Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Jeff Sessions Spoke of Resigning After Tensions Increase with Trump President Trump’s Tweets Complicate Already Complicated Week World Leaders Very Critical of Paris Agreement Decision by Trump Aide to President Trump Resigns With More Expected Scud-Class Missile Launched by North Korea © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Amdocs Limited - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Amdocs Limited with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Liberty Sirius XM Group (LSXMA) Position Maintained by Simcoe Capital Management LLC Simcoe Capital Management LLC Holds Position in Sabre Corp (SABR) Equity Residential (EQR) Insider Sells $1,856,391.01 in Stock Massachusetts Financial Services Co. MA Has $243.44 Million Position in Amdocs Limited (DOX) New Vernon Investment Management LLC Has $3,490,000 Position in Old Republic International Co. (ORI) Urban Outfitters, Inc. (URBN) Position Cut by Massachusetts Financial Services Co. MA New Vernon Investment Management LLC Has $1,640,000 Stake in Aspen Insurance Holdings Limited (AHL) Massachusetts Financial Services Co. MA Buys 555,593 Shares of Berry Global Group Inc (BERY) Cleararc Capital Inc. Buys 78 Shares of Kimco Realty Corp (KIM) Insider Selling: Steris PLC (STE) CEO Sells 10,000 Shares of Stock CWA Asset Management Group LLC Decreases Position in Kirby Co. (KEX) Robert F. Diromualdo Sells 20,000 Shares of Ulta Beauty Inc (ULTA) Stock Plains GP Holdings LP (PAGP) Position Maintained by CWA Asset Management Group LLC Massachusetts Financial Services Co. MA Invests $167.32 Million in Panera Bread Co (PNRA) Spectra Energy Partners, LP (SEP) Shares Sold by New Vernon Investment Management LLC HDFC Bank Limited (HDB) is New Vernon Capital Holdings II LLC’s 9th Largest Position Massachusetts Financial Services Co. MA Lowers Position in XL Group Ltd. (XL) CWA Asset Management Group LLC Acquires 3,300 Shares of Ship Finance International Limited (SFL) Massachusetts Financial Services Co. MA Buys 211,209 Shares of Medical Properties Trust, Inc. (MPW) Wesco Aircraft Holdings Inc (WAIR) Director Thomas Bancroft Purchases 246,510 Shares Massachusetts Financial Services Co. MA Has $243.44 Million Position in Amdocs Limited (DOX) June 5th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Latisha Jones Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Massachusetts Financial Services Co. MA increased its position in shares of Amdocs Limited (NASDAQ:DOX) by 6.2% during the first quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The fund owned 3,991,536 shares of the technology company’s stock after buying an additional 234,508 shares during the period. Massachusetts Financial Services Co. MA’s holdings in Amdocs Limited were worth $243,444,000 at the end of the most recent reporting period. Other large investors also recently added to or reduced their stakes in the company. Robecosam AG acquired a new position in shares of Amdocs Limited during the first quarter worth about $114,000. Creative Planning increased its position in shares of Amdocs Limited by 62.7% in the first quarter. Creative Planning now owns 2,198 shares of the technology company’s stock worth $134,000 after buying an additional 847 shares during the period. Northwestern Mutual Wealth Management Co. increased its position in shares of Amdocs Limited by 30.6% in the first quarter. Northwestern Mutual Wealth Management Co. now owns 2,969 shares of the technology company’s stock worth $181,000 after buying an additional 696 shares during the period. ProShare Advisors LLC acquired a new position in shares of Amdocs Limited during the first quarter worth about $224,000. Finally, Wetherby Asset Management Inc. increased its position in shares of Amdocs Limited by 4.4% in the first quarter. Wetherby Asset Management Inc. now owns 3,812 shares of the technology company’s stock worth $232,000 after buying an additional 162 shares during the period. 89.04% of the stock is owned by institutional investors and hedge funds. Amdocs Limited (NASDAQ:DOX) traded down 0.59% on Monday, hitting $65.73. The stock had a trading volume of 537,652 shares. The company has a market capitalization of $9.63 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 23.82 and a beta of 0.64. Amdocs Limited has a 52 week low of $54.12 and a 52 week high of $66.48. The firm has a 50-day moving average of $62.68 and a 200 day moving average of $60.58. Amdocs Limited (NASDAQ:DOX) last posted its quarterly earnings results on Tuesday, May 9th. The technology company reported $0.88 earnings per share for the quarter, topping the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of $0.87 by $0.01. Amdocs Limited had a return on equity of 14.57% and a net margin of 10.83%. The firm had revenue of $966 million during the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $960.58 million. During the same quarter in the previous year, the business earned $0.92 earnings per share. The company’s revenue was up 4.3% on a year-over-year basis. On average, analysts predict that Amdocs Limited will post $3.79 earnings per share for the current year. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY NOTICE: “Massachusetts Financial Services Co. MA Has $243.44 Million Position in Amdocs Limited (DOX)” was first posted by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are reading this story on another site, it was illegally stolen and reposted in violation of U.S. & international trademark and copyright laws. The legal version of this story can be read at https://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/06/05/massachusetts-financial-services-co-ma-has-243-44-million-position-in-amdocs-limited-dox.html. A number of research analysts have issued reports on DOX shares. Oppenheimer Holdings Inc. restated an “outperform” rating and issued a $70.00 price objective (up previously from $65.00) on shares of Amdocs Limited in a research note on Tuesday, March 7th. Zacks Investment Research downgraded Amdocs Limited from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating in a research note on Tuesday, May 2nd. JPMorgan Chase & Co. restated a “neutral” rating and issued a $68.00 price objective on shares of Amdocs Limited in a research note on Tuesday, May 9th. Finally, Robert W. Baird upped their price objective on Amdocs Limited from $62.00 to $66.00 and gave the company a “neutral” rating in a research note on Wednesday, May 10th. Four investment analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and three have issued a buy rating to the company’s stock. Amdocs Limited presently has a consensus rating of “Hold” and a consensus price target of $66.14. About Amdocs Limited Amdocs Limited is a provider of software and services for communications, entertainment and media industry service providers. The Company develops, implements and manages software and services associated with business support systems (BSS), operational support systems (OSS) and network operations to enable service providers to introduce new products and services, process orders, monetize data, support new business models and enhance their understanding of their customers. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding DOX? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Amdocs Limited (NASDAQ:DOX). Receive News & Ratings for Amdocs Limited Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Amdocs Limited and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Trump’s Tweets Complicate Already Complicated Week World Leaders Very Critical of Paris Agreement Decision by Trump Aide to President Trump Resigns With More Expected Scud-Class Missile Launched by North Korea Travel Ban Dealt Another Blow by Appeals Court © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Coca-Cola FEMSA S.A.B. de C.V. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Coca-Cola FEMSA S.A.B. de C.V. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Lantheus Holdings (LNTH) Receives Daily Coverage Optimism Rating of 0.08 Blackhawk Network Holdings (HAWK) Earns Daily Coverage Optimism Score of 0.08 Coca-Cola FEMSA, S.A.B. de C.V. (KOF) Getting Somewhat Favorable Press Coverage, Study Finds McClatchy (MNI) Receives Daily News Sentiment Score of 0.08 Tractor Supply Company (TSCO) Receives $79.74 Average Target Price from Brokerages -$0.20 EPS Expected for American Midstream Partners LP (AMID) This Quarter Vornado Realty Trust (VNO) Receives $109.64 Average Price Target from Analysts Somewhat Positive News Coverage Extremely Likely to Affect Guidewire Software (GWRE) Stock Price Hillenbrand, Inc. (HI) Position Held by Fifth Third Bancorp Penske Automotive Group, Inc. (PAG) Shares Sold by Fifth Third Bancorp Selective Insurance Group (SIGI) Shares Bought by Chartwell Investment Partners LLC VWR Corp (VWR) Position Boosted by Chartwell Investment Partners LLC Mattress Firm Holding Corp (MFRM) Earning Favorable Media Coverage, Study Finds Microvision (MVIS) Earning Somewhat Positive Media Coverage, Study Shows MTS Systems (MTSC) Earns Daily Media Sentiment Score of 0.09 Somewhat Favorable News Coverage Very Likely to Affect Preformed Line Products Company (PLPC) Stock Price Positive News Coverage Very Likely to Impact Patrick Industries (PATK) Stock Price Somewhat Positive News Coverage Very Likely to Affect Mannatech (MTEX) Share Price Leucadia National Corp Invests $3.01 Million in Liberty Global plc – Class A (LBTYA) Versum Materials Inc (VSM) Shares Bought by Wexford Capital LP Coca-Cola FEMSA, S.A.B. de C.V. (KOF) Getting Somewhat Favorable Press Coverage, Study Finds June 5th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Trevor Kearing Filed Under: Finance - News Sentiment Articles Tweet News headlines about Coca-Cola FEMSA, S.A.B. de C.V. (NYSE:KOF) have been trending somewhat positive on Monday, according to Alpha One. Alpha One, a unit of Accern, identifies positive and negative news coverage by reviewing more than twenty million news and blog sources in real time. Alpha One ranks coverage of publicly-traded companies on a scale of negative one to one, with scores closest to one being the most favorable. Coca-Cola FEMSA, S.A.B. de C.V. earned a news impact score of 0.06 on Alpha One’s scale. Alpha One also gave media stories about the company an impact score of 66 out of 100, indicating that recent news coverage is likely to have an effect on the stock’s share price in the near term. Here are some of the news articles that may have effected Alpha One Sentiment’s rankings: What Do the Moving Averages Say About Shares of Coca Cola Femsa S.A.B. De C.V (KOF) – Nelson Research (nlrnews.com) Stock Nearing 52-Week High: Coca-Cola FEMSA, S.A.B. de C.V. (NYSE:KOF) – Melville Review (melvillereview.com) Equity Focus: Looking Closer at Shares of Coca-Cola FEMSA, S.A.B. de C.V. (NYSE:KOF) – Business Daily (oxfordbusinessdaily.com) Needle Action Activity Spotted in Coca-Cola Femsa SAB de CV (KOF) – Stock Talker (thestocktalker.com) Knuckling Down on Shares of Coca-Cola FEMSA, S.A.B. de C.V. (NYSE:KOF) – FLBC News (flbcnews.com) Coca-Cola FEMSA, S.A.B. de C.V. (KOF) traded up 3.01% during mid-day trading on Monday, hitting $84.08. The stock had a trading volume of 101,799 shares. The company’s 50 day moving average price is $75.90 and its 200 day moving average price is $68.18. Coca-Cola FEMSA, S.A.B. de C.V. has a 52 week low of $59.44 and a 52 week high of $84.48. The firm has a market cap of $17.43 billion, a PE ratio of 24.28 and a beta of 0.82. The company also recently disclosed a semiannual dividend, which was paid on Monday, May 15th. Investors of record on Tuesday, May 2nd were issued a dividend of $0.893 per share. The ex-dividend date was Friday, April 28th. This represents a dividend yield of 2.44%. Coca-Cola FEMSA, S.A.B. de C.V.’s dividend payout ratio is 68.44%. KOF has been the topic of a number of recent analyst reports. JPMorgan Chase & Co. upgraded Coca-Cola FEMSA, S.A.B. de C.V. from a “neutral” rating to an “overweight” rating in a research report on Friday, May 12th. TheStreet upgraded Coca-Cola FEMSA, S.A.B. de C.V. from a “c” rating to a “b-” rating in a research report on Friday, April 28th. Zacks Investment Research upgraded Coca-Cola FEMSA, S.A.B. de C.V. from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $82.00 target price on the stock in a research report on Friday, April 14th. Finally, Barclays PLC set a $84.00 target price on Coca-Cola FEMSA, S.A.B. de C.V. and gave the company an “equal weight” rating in a research report on Monday, May 1st. Three equities research analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and three have issued a buy rating to the company. The company has a consensus rating of “Buy” and an average price target of $94.25. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY WARNING: “Coca-Cola FEMSA, S.A.B. de C.V. (KOF) Getting Somewhat Favorable Press Coverage, Study Finds” was first posted by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are viewing this news story on another publication, it was illegally stolen and reposted in violation of US and international copyright and trademark law. The correct version of this news story can be viewed at https://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/06/05/coca-cola-femsa-s-a-b-de-c-v-kof-getting-somewhat-favorable-press-coverage-study-finds.html. About Coca-Cola FEMSA, S.A.B. de C.V. Coca-Cola FEMSA, SAB. de C.V. is a franchise bottler of Coca-Cola trademark beverages across the world. The Company and its subsidiaries are engaged in the production, distribution and marketing of certain Coca-Cola beverages. It is also engaged in acquiring, holding and transferring all types of bonds, shares and marketable securities. Receive News & Ratings for Coca-Cola FEMSA S.A.B. de C.V. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Coca-Cola FEMSA S.A.B. de C.V. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Trump’s Tweets Complicate Already Complicated Week World Leaders Very Critical of Paris Agreement Decision by Trump Aide to President Trump Resigns With More Expected Scud-Class Missile Launched by North Korea Travel Ban Dealt Another Blow by Appeals Court © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
National Politics Business Sports Editorial Entertainment Features Opinion Columns Broken Tongues Capital Matters Duro Onabule Femi Adesina Frank Talk Funke Egbemode Insights Kalu Leadership Series Offside Musings PressClips Public Sphere Ralph Egbu Sideview The Flipside – Eric Osagie Turf Game Views from Abroad Diabetes Corner Thoughts & Talks Tola Adeniyi Menu National Politics Business Sports Editorial Entertainment Features Opinion Columns + Broken Tongues Capital Matters Duro Onabule Femi Adesina Frank Talk Funke Egbemode Insights Kalu Leadership Series Offside Musings PressClips Public Sphere Ralph Egbu Sideview The Flipside – Eric Osagie Turf Game Views from Abroad Diabetes Corner Thoughts & Talks Tola Adeniyi Latest 6th June 2017 - $39bn lost as undeclared crude –NEITI 6th June 2017 - Buhari’s health: No power vacuum in Nigeria –Presidency 6th June 2017 - Catherine Joe 08072514714 6th June 2017 - PDP: Jonathan bought arms APC deploys against Boko Haram 6th June 2017 - Alleged Badoo member set ablaze, four shot in Lagos 6th June 2017 - Ex-health minister, Babatunde Osotimehin, dies at 68 6th June 2017 - Osotimehin: Osinbajo, UN, Amosun pay tribute 6th June 2017 - Biafra: Obiano never gave me money –Kanu 5th June 2017 - N541.8 bn : We are yet to conclude with our lenders – Etisalat 5th June 2017 - Ogun to shut down unapproved private schools Home / Cover / National / $39bn lost as undeclared crude –NEITI $39bn lost as undeclared crude –NEITI — 6th June 2017 From Kemi Yesufu,Abuja  Executive-Secretary of the Nigerian Extractive Industry Transparency Initiative (NEITI), Waziri Adio, has put the estimated amount lost by Nigeria through undeclared crude at $39 billion.  The amount is for 359,916 million barrels of crude oil sold between 2011 and 2014. Adio, who spoke at the investigative hearing of the Abdulrazak Namdas-led Adhoc Committee investigating the $17 billion allegedly stolen from undeclared crude oil and liquefied gas sale in the international market, however, asked to withdraw a submission earlier made to the committee by the agency.  He explained that NEITI based the submission on inadequate information, resulting in major errors in figures presented in the document. This was as the Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN) was not able to tell the committee why only $7 billion out of $42.7 billion proceeds of crude oil sale between 2010 and 2014 was made available to the Federal Account Allocation Committee (FAAC) for sharing between tiers of government during the three-year period. Also at the hearing, the Nigerian National Petroleum Corporation (NNPC) admitted submitting grossly inadequate information of a shortfall of $14 billion of crude proceeds for the period under review to the committee. NNPC’s Chief Operating Officer (COO), Bello Rabiu, tried providing explanation to what the committee said were incomplete details of crude sales in which over 200 million barrels could not be unaccounted for in 2011. Rabiu apologised and promised to provide an updated report while he denied complicity in the wrong document. During the hearing, it was also discovered that N660.9 million was lost during the same period from crude oil-related taxes due to the inability of the Federal Inland Revenue Service (FIRS) to carry out due diligence on the NNPC and it’s subsidiaries. CBN’s claim that it has no knowledge of details of payments on crude oil sales into its accounts with JP Morgan Chase, New York, was summarily dismissed by NNPC which disclosed that details about quantity and period of lifting of crude were always made available to the apex bank. Jack Ukitetu, who represented CBN at the hearing, said the bank only warehouses accounts of government agencies and, as such, do not have the capacity to have details of payments made into the accounts. He further explained that the apex bank has no control over such accounts and added that it can only act on mandates given by the owners of the accounts for disbursement in which category the $42.7 billion proceed fell into. On its part, the Nigerian Customs Service (NCS) said it has no capacity to adequately ascertain the total crude oil lifted for export. Deputy Controller of Tariff and Trade, Ayalogu Anthony, who spoke on behalf of NCS, said the agency does not have a vessel that can be used for monitoring, lifting and loading of crude into vessels. According to him, personnel of the NCS can only witness lifting and loading when invited by the oil companies. “We can only depend on declarations on manifest submitted by companies and we issue certificate of clearance, but, we don’t issue clearance for vessels we don’t participate in their inspection,” he said. How I cure baldness using these natural techniques. Read story 23 yrs boy started importation with N10,450. Read his story here! Wow offer: Get The BillionCoin (1TBC) for just N50,000. Click Here! Diabetes is curable! Don't let it threaten you! To NORMALIZE your blood sugar in 21 days for life. Click Here! Financial Empowerment: Get financially stable and get multiplied income today. Register Here!! Read your favourite song lyrics here! Share this Post: « Previous Article Buhari’s health: No power vacuum in Nigeria –Presidency About author Uche Atuma Leave a reply Cancel Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Your comment (required): Name (required): Email (required): Website Latest $39bn lost as undeclared crude –NEITI — 6th June 2017 From Kemi Yesufu,Abuja  Executive-Secretary of the Nigerian Extractive Industry Transparency Initiative (NEITI), Waziri Adio, has put the estimated amount lost by Nigeria through undeclared crude at $39 billion.  The amount is for 359,916 million barrels of crude oil sold between 2011 and 2014. Adio, who spoke at the investigative hearing of the Abdulrazak Namdas-led Adhoc… Buhari’s health: No power vacuum in Nigeria –Presidency — 6th June 2017 From Juliana Taiwo-Obalonye, Abuja Senior Special Assistant to the President on Media and Publicity,  Garba Shehu, has described as unnecessary the projection of an imminent political and constitutional crisis on account of President Muhammadu Buhari’s absence to attend to his health in London.  Reacting to what he called “needless sensational and exaggerated speculations by conspiracy… PDP: Jonathan bought arms APC deploys against Boko Haram — 6th June 2017 •It’s fresh purchase –Minister By Adetutu Folasade-Koyi The  Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) has alleged the All Progressives Congress (APC)-led Federal Government is fighting Boko Haram with weapons bought by former President Goodluck Jonathan, who served under its platform. This was contained in a statement signed and issued by the Publicity Secretary of the party’s National… Alleged Badoo member set ablaze, four shot in Lagos — 6th June 2017 By Christopher Oji There was pandemonium, yesterday, at the Aga area of Ikorodu, Lagos, as a member of the dreaded Badoo Cult group was set ablaze by angry residents. Four persons were reportedly shot by police in a bid to rescue the suspect. But Commissioner of Police,   Mr. Fatai Owoseni denied that anybody was… Ex-health minister, Babatunde Osotimehin, dies at 68 — 6th June 2017 From Kemi Yesufu, Abuja and Bamigbola Gbolagunte, Akure Former Minister of Health and Executive Director of the United Nations Population Fund (UNFPA), Prof. Babatunde Osotimehin is dead. His son, Dr. Babajide, announced his death in a statement, yesterday. Babajide said the former minister, who also served as pioneer director general of the National Agency for… Entertainment “Our songs shouldn’t be just about ‘wine-your-waist’,”: Daddy Fresh — 5th June 2017 Veteran musician, Innocent Onyemuwa, popularly known as Daddy Fresh, on Monday advised the new generation of musicians to focus more on creating songs that would impact positively on the country’s economy. Daddy Fresh said that they should not focus on whine-your-waist songs alone. They should involve themselves in activities that were relevant and meaningful to… South-West Report Olubadan stool review — 1st June 2017 • Oyo govt, Ibadan high chiefs at loggerheadsFrom Oluseye Ojo, Ibadan From Oluseye Ojo, Ibadan         These days, fragile peace is pervading the atmosphere of Ibadan, Oyo State, over the resolve of Governor Abiola Ajimobi to review Olubadan chieftaincy system. The government had set up a technical committee to review the chieftaincy system in… Abuja Metro Paying for darkness: Kuje residents complain of neglect by AEDC — 31st May 2017 AEDC staff indulge in sharp practices, most transformers substandard -Mohammed  By Romanus Ugwu The level of human traffic in and out of the Kuje Area Council commercial office of the Abuja Electricity Distribution Company (AEDC) on a daily basis is unprecedented. While some arrive with burning anger over one complaint or the other, many others… Oriental News CBN takes stock of agric loans to Enugu farmers — 31st May 2017 When CBN rewards microfinance houses in Enugu From Chidi Nnadi, Enugu Last week, the management staff of the Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN), Enugu, gathered the chairmen and managing directors of microfinance banks and Agricultural Credit Guarantee Scheme (ACGS) commercial banks in the state to take stock of the performance of the ACGS in 2016…. Features 6 things to consider before renting an apartment for the first time — 5th June 2017 When you become a part of the private rented sector for the first time, there are a number of things you have to consider to ensure you are not cheated and that you’re in a secure and safe tenancy. Jumia Travel, the leading online travel agency, shares 6 things you as a first time renter should… Literary Review Gbenro Adegbola: Copyright war ‘ll be better served with public education — 27th May 2017 Mr. Gbenro Adegbola is the CEO/MD of First Veritas, a digital publishing firm he set up after quitting Evans Publishers Ltd, where he was the Managing Director some years back. Adegbola’s crossover to digital publishing was an expression of a cumulative experience he garnered in a tripartite career, spanning decades –broadcasting, publishing and ICT. From… Lifeline Daily Sun report breathes new life into decrepit school — 2nd June 2017 •Old students move to rebuild Mafograms, offer best student US scholarship By Tessy Igomu Tucked inside a rundown street in Mafoluku, Oshodi, a densely populated part of Lagos, Mafoluku Grammar School (Mafograms) was for years in a dilapidated, sordid state. Devoid of modern learning facilities and infrastructure, with a poultry-like appearance, the school provided minimal… Education Review 2017 jamb: a post-mortem — 30th May 2017 Why subject combinations become muddled up in UTME What can be done to stop the yearly occurrence Looking back at the hurdles in JAMB exam By Chika Abanobi Hillary Ashikodi, 16, and one of the candidates in this year’s Unified Tertiary Matriculation Examination (UTME) had chosen to read Law or Mass Communication (his second choice)… Marketing Matters Indomie, Coca-Cola, Delta State come out tops at 2016 ADVAN Awards — 30th November 2016 It was a unique gathering of major stakeholders in Nigeria’s marketing industry when the Advertisers Association of Nigeria (ADVAN) rolled out the red carpet to celebrate outstanding achievers at the 2016 ADVAN Awards for Marketing Excellence at the MUSON Centre, Onikan, Lagos, last weekend. The event threw up new champions who would bask in the… TSWeekend Poor time management, power cuts mar One Africa Music Fest in UK — 2nd June 2017 From Chika Oleh, London   Following two sold out shows in New York and Houston, the One Africa Music Fest, world’s biggest Afrobeats fiesta, held its 2017 edition in the United Kingdom at London’s SSE Wembley Arena on Saturday, May 13. Organised by Paul Okoye, CEO, Upfront and Personal Global Management Consultants (UPGMC), the festival was… Columnists Men-o-pulse: The harder they come — 5th June 2017 Well, the oppressors are trying to keep me down Trying to drive me underground And they think that they have got the battle won I say forgive them Lord, they know not what they’ve done ’Cause, as sure as the sun will shine I’m gonna get my share now, what’s mine And then the harder… An insulting political generation: Leadership suicide? — 5th June 2017 Nigeria has too much baggage which saddens, shames, and depresses an alarming majority of Nigerians. Thankfully, God created us so well that we are capable of making light of heavy-duty situations. But, with more and more Nigerians taking to suicide, the owl is coming home to roost. Since our literati live in denial, it might… APC’s poor mid-term report — 5th June 2017 EVEN with less than two years to round off its term, it is obvious from all indications that the All Progressives Congress (APC) may end up being worse than the hounded People’s Democratic Party (PDP) and the defunct National Party of Nigeria (NPN). So far, it has been one step forward and nine steps backwards…. Is leprosy coming back?….(2) — 4th June 2017     Last week, we introduced ourselves to the current rampaging effects of leprosy, a disease we thought had become obsolescence. We mentioned that according to the latest research by World Health Organization(WHO), new cases(2,892) of leprosy, almost of epidemic proportions have been identified in 15 States and still counting. Yes, leprosy has been in… AIG and the PPP option in the reform of the civil service — 4th June 2017 When some three weeks ago, the Office of the Head of the Civil Service of the Federation (OHCSF) signed an MoU with the Africa Initiative for Governance (AIG) in a significant public-private partnership (PPP) geared towards transforming the Nigerian Civil Service, I was filled with the bursting pride of someone who sits and watch some… Kidnapping is the new oil — 4th June 2017 One sign of a failed or failing society is paralysis of law and order; a complete breakdown of the conventional and enthronement of the bizarre. The Nigerian socio-economic ecosystem has witnessed such anarchical order in recent years. It is the elevation of a special variant of crime to one huge industry. It is called abduction;… I have fallen in love again — 4th June 2017 Please do not ask me what or who I have fallen in love with or why or how I have allowed myself to fall in love again. Again implies that I have fallen in love more than once. Of course I have. I have been falling in and out of love for many times since,… Nigeria and the Biafra challenge — 4th June 2017 Let me start with this admission: it was a herculean task determining what issue to deal with on this page today. Before the Biafrans surprised everyone with the huge compliance to the sit-at-home call to mark the Heroes Day on Tuesday, May 30, two issues were struggling for attention in my head and my mind…. Senators, watch your back! — 4th June 2017 Something is terribly wrong. It started as a huge joke. Strangely, it’s gradually becoming a sad norm. As politicians prepare to dig it out in 2019, this misnomer may become the new order. In case you are unaware, lawmakers are facing a dangerous uprising from their constituencies. They are being beaten up or attacked by… When God’s promises sound funny — 4th June 2017 Tough one! But trust me, I’m not about to blaspheme. I know it from experience, observed it in others and read about it. Very often, God’s promises contradict your circumstances.  And what do you do? In the case of Sarah, she laughed at God. What do you do? John Akpan was broke and busted, as… Home About Us Paper Ad Rate Online Ad Rate The Team Contact Us Archive June 2017 M T W T F S S « May       1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 30   Enquiries Take advantage of our impressive statistics, advertise your brands and products on this site. Call Uche on +234-805-633-4351 Editor, Online: Ikenna Emewu Copyright © 2017. All Rights Reserved.
Continue in 3 seconds Login Free Trial/Subscribe Policy & Regulation Technology Retail & Commercial Community Cap Markets BankThink Resources Events Search Search Policy & Regulation Technology Retail & Commercial Community Cap Markets BankThink Resources Events Name Policy & Regulation Technology Retail & Commercial Community Cap Markets BankThink Resources Events Now Reading: The Latest JPM brand avoids damage from Dimon's ties to Trump ... for now Morning Scan House to vote on Choice Act; Amazon expands lending program GOP lawmaker wants to hear more about Glass-Steagall return Banks cede market share in auto lending: Report Treasury report praises CDFI program that Trump would cut search goes here JPM brand avoids damage from Dimon's ties to Trump ... for now By Kristin Broughton Published June 05 2017, 6:42pm EDT More in Economy Policymaking Regulatory reform Trump administration C-suite Jamie Dimon Lawrence Summers Donald Trump JPMorgan Chase Print Email Reprints Share Share on Throughout the wild ride of recent political fiascoes in Washington, Jamie Dimon has reaffirmed his commitment to advise President Trump and has avoided damaging his company’s strong reputation — so far. But criticism of the JPMorgan Chase CEO a reached a higher decibel level Monday, when Larry Summers, former Treasury secretary and Harvard University president, questioned the banking icon’s judgment in remaining on the president’s strategic and policy forum. Subscribe Now Access to authoritative analysis and perspective and our data-driven report series. Learn More 14-Day Free Trial No credit card required. Complete access to articles, breaking news and industry data. Get 14-Day Free Trial Have an account? Sign In Get AB in your inbox Newsletter/Frequency Daily Briefing Intraday News Update BankThink Technology Daily Regulation Capital Markets Community Banking Marketplace Lending Retail and Commercial Women in Banking Weekly Top 10 American Banker Magazine Bulletin Sign Up Subscribe Like what you see? Make sure you're getting it all Independent and authoritative analysis and perspective for the banking industry Subscribe American Banker About Us Contact Us The Magazine Daily Report Banker's Glossary Site Map RSS Feed Privacy Policy Subscription Agreement Content Licensing/Reprints Advertising/Marketing Services © 2017 SourceMedia. All rights reserved.
Bloomberg the Company & Its ProductsBloomberg Anywhere Remote LoginBloomberg Anywhere LoginBloomberg Terminal Demo Request Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. For Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Software Updates Manage Contracts and Orders Support Americas+1 212 318 2000 EMEA+44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific+65 6212 1000 Company Bloomberg London About Careers Diversity and Inclusion Philanthropy and Engagement Spaces Sustainability Tech Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Products Bloomberg Terminal Execution and Order Management Data and Content Financial Data Management Integration and Distribution Bloomberg Tradebook Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg Markets Bloomberg Technology Bloomberg Pursuits Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg Opinion Bloomberg Businessweek Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Company Bloomberg London About Careers Diversity and Inclusion Philanthropy and Engagement Spaces Sustainability Tech Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Products Bloomberg Terminal Execution and Order Management Data and Content Financial Data Management Integration and Distribution Bloomberg Tradebook Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg Markets Bloomberg Technology Bloomberg Pursuits Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg Opinion Bloomberg Businessweek Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. For Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Software Updates Manage Contracts and Orders Support Americas+1 212 318 2000 EMEA+44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific+65 6212 1000 MENU About The Company Bloomberg London Homepage Markets Stocks Currencies Commodities Rates + Bonds Economics Magazine Benchmark Watchlist Economic Calendar Tech U.S. Global Startups Bloomberg Technology TV Gadgets With Gurman Digital Defense Studio 1.0 Focus On: Infrastructure Pursuits Cars & Bikes Style & Grooming Spend Watches & Gadgets Food & Drinks Travel Real Estate Art & Design Brilliant Ideas Politics Global Risk Briefing How We’ll Know if Trump Is Making America Great Again Tracking Trump’s Web of Conflicts GOP’s Health Plan: Tracking Key Changes One Amendment at a Time Kim Jong Un’s Big Nuclear Push Is Closing In on America Opinion View Gadfly Businessweek Subscribe Cover Stories Opening Remarks Etc Features 85th Anniversary Issue Behind The Cover More Climate Changed Video Series: Ventures Graphics Billionaires Game Plan Small Business Personal Finance Inspire GO The David Rubenstein Show Sponsored Content Sign In Sign In Subscribe The Daily Prophet: There's a New 'Most Crowded Trade' in Markets Connecting the dots in global markets. by Robert Burgess @burgessansm More stories by Robert Burgess June 5, 2017, 4:30 PM EDT From Remember when it seemed like everybody had to own dollars and equities and sell Treasuries because the Trump administration's pro-growth agenda would incite inflation and higher interest rates? Well, that's going to take a lot longer than anticipated and the many investors who piled into the so-called Trump trade have gotten out. Now, they're piling into Europe. Over the span of just four weeks, hedge funds and other large speculators have amassed the biggest bullish wager on the euro in more than six years, according to Bloomberg News' Andrea Wong. Bets the common currency will strengthen outnumbered wagers for it to weaken by 72,869 contracts in the week through May 30, Commodity Futures Trading Commission data show, the most since May 2011. Morgan Stanley strategist no longer sees the euro falling to parity with the dollar, writing in a report Monday that they now expect it to rise to $1.18 this year from $1.1279 on Friday. The firm also boosted its euro area growth forecasts. The European Central Bank meets Thursday, and the 60 economists surveyed by Bloomberg News are split on whether policy makers will remove their easing bias on interest rates, according to Bloomberg News' Alessandro Speciale and Andre Tartar. Amid a recovery that appears stronger by the day, the Governing Council may use the gathering to have its first formal discussion on what an exit from extraordinary stimulus might look like. "Some of the policies that were put in place to fend off deflation risks and financial fragmentation are no longer needed and so can be dialed down slowly,” the Morgan Stanley strategist said. SPEAKING OF CROWDED TRADES Can anything stop emerging markets? Last week, investors added $1.3 billion to exchange-traded funds that buy developing-nation stocks and bonds, extending the longest winning streak in more than a year, according to data compiled by Bloomberg. Inflows exceeded $16 billion over the past 13 weeks, and fund assets have grown $24.6 billion this year, compared with $23.5 billion in all of 2016. In a report released Sunday, the World Bank kept its outlook for the global economy unchanged, forecasting a modest pickup in growth despite uncertainty about monetary policy and the risk of a surge in protectionism, according to Bloomberg News' Andrew Mayeda. The development lender projects the world economy will grow by 2.7 percent this year and 2.9 percent the next, the same as its January forecast. MEXICO'S PESO RECOVERS TRUMP INDUCED LOSSES As if on cue, Mexico’s peso led gains among the world’s most traded currencies on Monday as President Enrique Pena Nieto’s party forged ahead in the election for governor of the country’s largest state. The closely fought vote tilted in favor of candidate Alfredo del Mazo, signaling the ruling PRI will keep a stronghold vital to winning the presidential election next year. The peso jumped as much as 1.91 percent, briefly touching 18.3230, a level not seen since before the U.S. election in November, according to Srinivasan Sivabalan and Isabella Cota. Investors are relieved that there is a clear margin of victory in the election that was seen as too close to call, said Richard Segal, an analyst at Manulife Asset Management. The momentum of the peso's recovery that started in January is continuing as the worst-case scenario investors expected on the North American Free Trade Agreement hasn’t materialized, he said. The peso is one of the currencies favored by Morgan Stanley in its report. VOLATILITY IS VOLATILE Given the slew of terrorist attacks in Europe, geopolitical strife from the Middle East to Asia and U.S. policy uncertainty, it's understandable that investors scratching their heads about a drop in volatility this year. Investors have conjured up myriad theories to make sense of historic lows in market volatility across asset classes despite such strong headwinds, citing everything from soaring assets in passively-managed vehicles to the rise of social media, according to Bloomberg News' Sid Verma and Luke Kawa. It's actually not that hard to understand, according to JPMorgan strategists. Subdued measures of volatility are just a reflection of "a very low supply of economic surprises currently," the strategists write in a recent note to clients. But even though the CBOE Volatility Index closed at its lowest level since 1993 on Friday, a gauge of VIX swings rose in four out of the past five weeks, reaching a record high relative to the measure of equity turbulence. With the VIX down more than 30 percent this year through the end of last week, investors have been using options to bet on volatility, according to Bloomberg News' Cecile Vannucci. The number of contracts wagering on a resurgence of market turmoil has reached its highest level since October relative to those calling for a drop in price movements. IT'S INFRASTRUCTURE WEEK! President Donald Trump kicked off a week-long push for his infrastructure plans with a proposal to hand over control of the U.S. air-traffic control system to a non-profit corporation. It may not sound like much, but the infrastructure play is one area of the Trump trade that has held up fairly well. Take the 19,000 municipal bonds tracked in the S&P Municipal Bond Infrastructure Index, which mainly consists of investment-grade fixed-income securities related to transportation and utilities. The gauge has climbed 4.25 percent this year through Friday, compared with a 2.57 percent gain in the Bloomberg Barclays US Aggregate Bond Index. It's a similar story in equities, where the S&P Global Infrastructure Index has outperformed the MSCI All-Country World Index, albeit by a slim margin. Just last month, Blackstone Group LP, the world’s biggest private equity manager, said it's eyeing more than $100 billion in infrastructure investments. The area has gained renewed attention as Trump’s administration vows to direct more private money toward improving roads, bridges and airports. The asset class also fits the bill for liability-driven investors in the U.S. and abroad seeking current income amid near-zero interest rates and negative yields elsewhere in fixed income, according to Bloomberg News' Melissa Mittelman. TEA LEAVES In a few hours the Reserve Bank of Australia is forecast to say that policy makers decided to hold their benchmark interest rate at 1.5 percent -- for now. Since the RBA’s last policy decision on May 2, market bets on a rate cut by the end of this year have doubled, according to Bloomberg News' James Thornhill. While that chance is still only about 20 percent, traders see Australia as one of just two developed economies where cuts are possible in the coming year after data during May pointed to anemic growth in the first quarter. Strategists at RBC Capital Markets wrote in a note that they expect a "reasonably positive" tone to the statement, strengthened by a likely upgrade to the discussion around the labor market. That may be tempered, according to the RBC strategists, by an acknowledgement of some weakening in housing and the likelihood of a soft first-quarter GDP print due Wednesday. If you’d like to get The Daily Prophet in e-mail form, right in your inbox, please subscribe to this link. Thanks! DON'T MISS Fed Has Another Bond Market Conundrum On Its Hands: Scott Dorf Anxious About the Economy? Don't Be. It'll Set a Record: Tim Duy Fed's Leadership Is Best Left to Economists: Charles Lieberman It's Smart to Worry About the Risks ETFs Pose: Noah Smith The Dilemmas for Venezuela Debt Holders: Mohamed A. El-Erian This column does not necessarily reflect the opinion of the editorial board or Bloomberg LP and its owners. Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal. LEARN MORE Most Read Bill Gross Says Market Risk Is Highest Since Pre-2008 Crisis Elliott's Singer Warns System May Be More Leveraged Than 2008 Comey Recounts Uneasy Meetings With Trump, Demands for Loyalty The U.A.E. Needs Qatar’s Gas to Keep Dubai’s Lights On Analysts Are Getting Worried About the Euro Terms of Service Trademarks Privacy Policy ©2017 Bloomberg L.P. All Rights Reserved Careers Made in NYC Advertise Ad Choices Website Feedback Help
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Everi Holdings Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Everi Holdings Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Bar Harbor Bankshares (BHB) Insider Sells $30,000.00 in Stock EPR Properties (EPR) Lowered to Hold at ValuEngine FelCor Lodging Trust Incorporated (FCH) Downgraded by ValuEngine to Buy Everi Holdings Inc (EVRI) Upgraded to Hold at ValuEngine Gagnon Securities LLC Has $1.13 Million Stake in Chipotle Mexican Grill, Inc. (CMG) TechnipFMC plc Ordinary Share (FTI) Lowered to “Hold” at ValuEngine Federated Investors Inc (FII) Lowered to “Hold” at ValuEngine GasLog Ltd (GLOG) Upgraded to “Hold” at ValuEngine First Potomac Realty Trust (FPO) Downgraded to “Buy” at ValuEngine Entergy Co. (ETR) Downgraded to Hold at ValuEngine Royce & Associates LP Cuts Stake in Anixter International Inc. (AXE) Royce & Associates LP Sells 63,000 Shares of Haverty Furniture Companies, Inc. (HVT) Dirtt Environmental Solutions Ltd (DRT) Director Buys C$23,550.00 in Stock Somewhat Negative Media Coverage Somewhat Likely to Impact Gibraltar Industries (ROCK) Share Price Somewhat Critical Media Coverage Somewhat Likely to Affect Liberty Property Trust (LPT) Stock Price Somewhat Negative Press Coverage Somewhat Unlikely to Affect CyrusOne (CONE) Share Price Somewhat Negative Press Coverage Very Likely to Affect RPM International (RPM) Share Price Luxfer Holdings PLC (LXFR) Downgraded by ValuEngine to Hold Lannett Company, Inc. (LCI) Downgraded by ValuEngine to “Hold” Knoll Inc (KNL) Downgraded to “Hold” at ValuEngine Everi Holdings Inc (EVRI) Upgraded to Hold at ValuEngine June 5th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Patrick Bannon Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Finance Tweet ValuEngine upgraded shares of Everi Holdings Inc (NYSE:EVRI) from a sell rating to a hold rating in a research report sent to investors on Friday. Several other brokerages also recently commented on EVRI. Telsey Advisory Group raised shares of Everi Holdings from a market perform rating to an outperform rating and lifted their target price for the stock from $2.50 to $6.00 in a report on Wednesday, March 15th. Zacks Investment Research raised shares of Everi Holdings from a hold rating to a buy rating and set a $4.50 target price for the company in a report on Friday, March 17th. Craig Hallum raised shares of Everi Holdings from a hold rating to a buy rating and set a $5.00 target price for the company in a report on Wednesday, March 15th. Finally, Stifel Nicolaus lifted their target price on shares of Everi Holdings from $6.50 to $7.50 and gave the stock a buy rating in a report on Wednesday, May 10th. Two research analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and three have issued a buy rating to the company’s stock. Everi Holdings currently has a consensus rating of Buy and an average target price of $6.31. Everi Holdings (EVRI) traded up 1.78% during midday trading on Friday, hitting $6.85. 666,069 shares of the company traded hands. Everi Holdings has a 12-month low of $1.15 and a 12-month high of $7.26. The stock’s 50-day moving average price is $6.48 and its 200 day moving average price is $3.97. The company’s market capitalization is $452.76 million. Everi Holdings (NYSE:EVRI) last released its quarterly earnings data on Tuesday, May 9th. The credit services provider reported ($0.05) earnings per share for the quarter, topping the consensus estimate of ($0.14) by $0.09. The company had revenue of $237.50 million for the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $235.41 million. Everi Holdings had a negative net margin of 14.04% and a negative return on equity of 4.76%. Everi Holdings’s revenue for the quarter was up 13.7% compared to the same quarter last year. During the same period in the previous year, the business earned ($0.20) EPS. On average, equities analysts forecast that Everi Holdings will post ($0.30) EPS for the current year. TRADEMARK VIOLATION NOTICE: This news story was reported by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are reading this news story on another publication, it was illegally stolen and republished in violation of United States & international copyright & trademark law. The correct version of this news story can be viewed at https://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/06/05/everi-holdings-inc-evri-upgraded-to-hold-at-valuengine.html. In related news, Director Eileen F. Raney bought 14,000 shares of Everi Holdings stock in a transaction that occurred on Tuesday, May 16th. The stock was acquired at an average price of $6.73 per share, with a total value of $94,220.00. Following the acquisition, the director now owns 50,000 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $336,500. The purchase was disclosed in a legal filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which can be accessed through this hyperlink. Insiders own 4.10% of the company’s stock. A number of hedge funds have recently bought and sold shares of EVRI. Bank of America Corp DE increased its stake in Everi Holdings by 7,800.0% in the first quarter. Bank of America Corp DE now owns 23,463 shares of the credit services provider’s stock worth $112,000 after buying an additional 23,166 shares in the last quarter. Two Sigma Investments LP acquired a new stake in Everi Holdings during the fourth quarter worth about $130,000. JPMorgan Chase & Co. acquired a new stake in Everi Holdings during the first quarter worth about $160,000. Hillsdale Investment Management Inc. acquired a new stake in Everi Holdings during the first quarter worth about $169,000. Finally, Parametric Portfolio Associates LLC acquired a new stake in Everi Holdings during the first quarter worth about $200,000. 57.81% of the stock is owned by hedge funds and other institutional investors. Everi Holdings Company Profile Everi Holdings Inc is a holding company. The Company operates through subsidiaries, including Everi Games Holding Inc (Everi Games Holding) and Everi Payments Inc (Everi Payments or Payments). The Company operates through two segments: Games and Payments. The Company provides video and mechanical reel gaming content and technology solutions, integrated gaming payments solutions, and compliance and efficiency software. To view ValuEngine’s full report, visit ValuEngine’s official website. Receive News & Ratings for Everi Holdings Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Everi Holdings Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Trump’s Tweets Complicate Already Complicated Week World Leaders Very Critical of Paris Agreement Decision by Trump Aide to President Trump Resigns With More Expected Scud-Class Missile Launched by North Korea Travel Ban Dealt Another Blow by Appeals Court © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Sanofi SA - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Sanofi SA with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Strategic Global Advisors LLC Acquires 528 Shares of Sanofi SA (SNY) Westfield Capital Management Co. LP Takes Position in Lithia Motors Inc (LAD) 458,532 Shares in Pacific Premier Bancorp, Inc. (PPBI) Acquired by Westfield Capital Management Co. LP Westfield Capital Management Co. LP Acquires 51,992 Shares of Hain Celestial Group Inc (HAIN) Sentry Investments Corp. Continues to Hold Stake in Markel Co. (MKL) Stephens Inc. AR Lowers Position in Tallgrass Energy Partners LP (TEP) Stephens Inc. AR Acquires Shares of 46,661 Wolverine World Wide, Inc. (WWW) Stephens Investment Management Group LLC Acquires 889 Shares of IPG Photonics Co. (IPGP) Stephens Inc. AR Buys New Position in AerCap Holdings (AER) Level 3 Communications, Inc. (LVLT) is Front Street Capital Management Inc.’s 2nd Largest Position Stephens Investment Management Group LLC Acquires Shares of 137,656 Allegiance Bancshares Inc (ABTX) Stephens Inc. AR Buys 109 Shares of Middleby Corp (MIDD) Stephens Investment Management Group LLC Has $12.06 Million Position in MiMedx Group Inc (MDXG) iRobot Co. (IRBT) Shares Sold by Turner Investments LLC Turner Investments LLC Takes Position in Builders FirstSource, Inc. (BLDR) Bar Harbor Bankshares (BHB) Insider Sells $30,000.00 in Stock EPR Properties (EPR) Lowered to Hold at ValuEngine FelCor Lodging Trust Incorporated (FCH) Downgraded by ValuEngine to Buy Everi Holdings Inc (EVRI) Upgraded to Hold at ValuEngine Gagnon Securities LLC Has $1.13 Million Stake in Chipotle Mexican Grill, Inc. (CMG) Strategic Global Advisors LLC Acquires 528 Shares of Sanofi SA (SNY) June 5th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Patrick Bannon Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Strategic Global Advisors LLC increased its position in Sanofi SA (NYSE:SNY) by 6.6% during the first quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The institutional investor owned 8,578 shares of the company’s stock after buying an additional 528 shares during the period. Strategic Global Advisors LLC’s holdings in Sanofi SA were worth $388,000 at the end of the most recent quarter. Other large investors also recently made changes to their positions in the company. Russell Investments Group Ltd. bought a new stake in shares of Sanofi SA during the fourth quarter worth about $1,606,000. Paulson & CO. Inc. bought a new stake in shares of Sanofi SA during the fourth quarter worth about $10,231,000. Ladenburg Thalmann Financial Services Inc. boosted its stake in shares of Sanofi SA by 3.5% in the fourth quarter. Ladenburg Thalmann Financial Services Inc. now owns 33,856 shares of the company’s stock worth $1,369,000 after buying an additional 1,154 shares in the last quarter. Guggenheim Capital LLC boosted its stake in shares of Sanofi SA by 1.5% in the fourth quarter. Guggenheim Capital LLC now owns 21,558 shares of the company’s stock worth $872,000 after buying an additional 311 shares in the last quarter. Finally, Dodge & Cox bought a new stake in shares of Sanofi SA during the fourth quarter worth about $2,770,485,000. Institutional investors own 9.63% of the company’s stock. Sanofi SA (NYSE SNY) traded down 0.10% during midday trading on Monday, reaching $49.96. The company had a trading volume of 648,112 shares. The stock’s 50 day moving average is $48.03 and its 200 day moving average is $43.43. The firm has a market capitalization of $126.17 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 12.44 and a beta of 0.98. Sanofi SA has a 12-month low of $36.81 and a 12-month high of $50.24. Sanofi SA (NYSE:SNY) last posted its quarterly earnings data on Friday, April 28th. The company reported $0.76 earnings per share for the quarter, topping the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of $0.73 by $0.03. Sanofi SA had a return on equity of 26.37% and a net margin of 13.66%. The business had revenue of $8.65 billion for the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $8.40 billion. The company’s quarterly revenue was up 1.2% on a year-over-year basis. Equities research analysts expect that Sanofi SA will post $3.15 earnings per share for the current year. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION NOTICE: “Strategic Global Advisors LLC Acquires 528 Shares of Sanofi SA (SNY)” was reported by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are viewing this story on another publication, it was illegally copied and republished in violation of U.S. & international copyright & trademark law. The legal version of this story can be viewed at https://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/06/05/strategic-global-advisors-llc-acquires-528-shares-of-sanofi-sa-sny.html. A number of equities research analysts have recently issued reports on SNY shares. HSBC Holdings plc cut Sanofi SA from a “hold” rating to a “reduce” rating in a research note on Friday, April 7th. Zacks Investment Research upgraded Sanofi SA from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $46.00 price objective on the stock in a research note on Monday, February 6th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. reiterated a “sell” rating on shares of Sanofi SA in a research note on Thursday, March 30th. Natixis upgraded Sanofi SA from a “neutral” rating to a “buy” rating in a research note on Thursday, February 9th. Finally, Barclays PLC started coverage on Sanofi SA in a research note on Tuesday, March 7th. They set an “underweight” rating on the stock. Two equities research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, eight have issued a hold rating and five have issued a buy rating to the stock. The stock presently has a consensus rating of “Hold” and an average target price of $66.00. Sanofi SA Company Profile Sanofi is a healthcare company, focused on patient needs and engaged in the research, development, manufacture and marketing of therapeutic solutions. The Company’s segments are Pharmaceuticals, Human Vaccines (Vaccines), and Other. The Pharmaceuticals segment comprises the commercial operations of various franchises, including Speciality Care (Rare Diseases, Multiple Sclerosis, and Oncology), Diabetes and Cardiovascular, Established Prescription Products, Consumer Healthcare and Generics, and research and development, production and marketing activities for all of the Company’s pharmaceuticals operations. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding SNY? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Sanofi SA (NYSE:SNY). Receive News & Ratings for Sanofi SA Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Sanofi SA and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Trump’s Tweets Complicate Already Complicated Week World Leaders Very Critical of Paris Agreement Decision by Trump Aide to President Trump Resigns With More Expected Scud-Class Missile Launched by North Korea Travel Ban Dealt Another Blow by Appeals Court © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home Markets Companies Opinion Politics Technology Specials PF Portfolio My Page GST Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Editorial Comment Columnists BS Special Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll North East West South Election News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups B2B Connect Sponsored Content BS Special News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists BS Special Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups B2B Connect Sponsored Content BS Special PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page GST Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists BS Special Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups B2B Connect Sponsored Content BS Special PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page GST Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists BS Special Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups B2B Connect Sponsored Content BS Special PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page GST BS APPS iPad iPhone Android Wap BS PRODUCTS Smart Investor BS Hindi BS Motoring BS Books Today's Paper BS SPECIALS B2B Connect Power & Energy SME BS E-Paper Bs Learning Hi, Change Password Subscribe Sign out Change Password Manage My Account Sign out SIGN IN Subscribe               TRENDING ON BS #Markets #Demonetisation #BSTech #GST #BSSpecial News Stock Quote Authors  News    Stock Quote    Authors You are here: Home » International » News » Economy IMF warns of US financial uncertainty Apple's developers' conference Business Standard JPMorgan's Dimon aiming for China venture with full control Chinese rules limit them to minority stakes, reducing their sway over key decisions Philip Lagerkranser | Reuters  June 6, 2017 Last Updated at 02:14 IST email this article Message: Recipients' Email: Type address separated by commas Your Email: Enter the characters shown in the image. Send me a copy:   http://mybs.in/2UWRDLB “My longer-term dream is that we have, we own, 100 per cent of something”: Jamie Dimon CEO, JPMorgan Chase & Co ALSO READ JPMorgan profit jumps 17% on trading surge, underwriting US regulators investigating our foreign hiring practices: Citi Financial services expansion? JPMorgan buys Dublin building for 1,000 staff Impact on banks from Britain's vote to leave the EU Bankers meet UK PM Theresa May as they plan own Brexit JPMorgan Chase & Co Chief Executive Officer (CEO) Jamie Dimon, who in December agreed to exit a minority-owned Chinese investment-banking joint venture, said the US bank is seeking to find a new structure that would eventually give it full control. “My longer-term dream is that we have, we own, 100 per cent of something,” Dimon, 61, said Monday in an interview with Bloomberg Television’s Stephen Engle in Beijing. The CEO said he’ll be patient in negotiations with Chinese regulators. The process “is complicated, so we respect that and we tell them what we’d like and hope it’ll happen.” JPMorgan moved to sell its stake in JPMorgan First Capital Securities late last year after six years in the venture. Its partner, First Capital Securities, was to buy out JPMorgan from its one-third stake for 307 million yuan ($44 million at the time), the Chinese firm said in December. Since UBS Group and Goldman Sachs Group established Chinese joint ventures more than a decade ago, foreign banks have struggled to challenge local players. One competitive disadvantage is that Chinese rules limit them to minority stakes, reducing their sway over key decisions. China has made “huge progress” on market reforms, Dimon said, adding that he would like to increase his firm’s businesses in the nation. The firm’s businesses in China include corporate banking and stakes in a fund manager and in a commodities futures joint venture, according to the bank’s China website. JPMorgan said in February that it won approval to underwrite corporate bond sales in China’s interbank market. The issue of control contributed to JPMorgan’s decision to sell its stake in the First Capital venture, whose business included equity and debt underwriting and mergers advisory. “Joint ventures by nature have sloppy corporate governance,” Dimon said. Any new venture structure would have to allow JPMorgan “a certain amount of management control,” he said.    China’s government in November said it’s committed to letting overseas banks own bigger stakes in securities and fund-management joint ventures in the country. The rule limiting offshore ownership to 49 per cent will gradually be relaxed, the Ministry of Finance said at the time, adding that foreign investors’ participation can boost the industry’s competitiveness and global influence. Dimon said his bank would consider setting up a business in the Shanghai Free Trade Zone (FTZ), without providing more specifics. The Shanghai FTZ is studying allowing foreign investments in financial institutions to exceed current caps, Zheng Yang, the city’s financial services office director, said in June last year. Read More On Jpmorgan Chase And Co | Jpmorgan | China | Goldman Sachs | Dimon | Ubs | Jamie Dimon | Jpmorgan China Entry | International | Economy PREVIOUS STORY NEXT STORY RECOMMENDED FOR YOU Advertisements Cover from Natural Calamities. Buy Home Insurance Cover from Earthquake & Floods. Buy Home Insurance JPMorgan's Dimon aiming for China venture with full control Chinese rules limit them to minority stakes, reducing their sway over key decisions Chinese rules limit them to minority stakes, reducing their sway over key decisions JPMorgan Chase & Co Chief Executive Officer (CEO) Jamie Dimon, who in December agreed to exit a minority-owned Chinese investment-banking joint venture, said the US bank is seeking to find a new structure that would eventually give it full control. “My longer-term dream is that we have, we own, 100 per cent of something,” Dimon, 61, said Monday in an interview with Bloomberg Television’s Stephen Engle in Beijing. The CEO said he’ll be patient in negotiations with Chinese regulators. The process “is complicated, so we respect that and we tell them what we’d like and hope it’ll happen.” JPMorgan moved to sell its stake in JPMorgan First Capital Securities late last year after six years in the venture. Its partner, First Capital Securities, was to buy out JPMorgan from its one-third stake for 307 million yuan ($44 million at the time), the Chinese firm said in December. Since UBS Group and Goldman Sachs Group established Chinese joint ventures more than a decade ago, foreign banks have struggled to challenge local players. One competitive disadvantage is that Chinese rules limit them to minority stakes, reducing their sway over key decisions. China has made “huge progress” on market reforms, Dimon said, adding that he would like to increase his firm’s businesses in the nation. The firm’s businesses in China include corporate banking and stakes in a fund manager and in a commodities futures joint venture, according to the bank’s China website. JPMorgan said in February that it won approval to underwrite corporate bond sales in China’s interbank market. The issue of control contributed to JPMorgan’s decision to sell its stake in the First Capital venture, whose business included equity and debt underwriting and mergers advisory. “Joint ventures by nature have sloppy corporate governance,” Dimon said. Any new venture structure would have to allow JPMorgan “a certain amount of management control,” he said.    China’s government in November said it’s committed to letting overseas banks own bigger stakes in securities and fund-management joint ventures in the country. The rule limiting offshore ownership to 49 per cent will gradually be relaxed, the Ministry of Finance said at the time, adding that foreign investors’ participation can boost the industry’s competitiveness and global influence. Dimon said his bank would consider setting up a business in the Shanghai Free Trade Zone (FTZ), without providing more specifics. The Shanghai FTZ is studying allowing foreign investments in financial institutions to exceed current caps, Zheng Yang, the city’s financial services office director, said in June last year. Philip Lagerkranser | Reuters Business Standard http://bsmedia.business-standard.com/_media/bs/wap/images/bs_logo_amp.png 177 22 JPMorgan's Dimon aiming for China venture with full control Chinese rules limit them to minority stakes, reducing their sway over key decisions JPMorgan Chase & Co Chief Executive Officer (CEO) Jamie Dimon, who in December agreed to exit a minority-owned Chinese investment-banking joint venture, said the US bank is seeking to find a new structure that would eventually give it full control. “My longer-term dream is that we have, we own, 100 per cent of something,” Dimon, 61, said Monday in an interview with Bloomberg Television’s Stephen Engle in Beijing. The CEO said he’ll be patient in negotiations with Chinese regulators. The process “is complicated, so we respect that and we tell them what we’d like and hope it’ll happen.” JPMorgan moved to sell its stake in JPMorgan First Capital Securities late last year after six years in the venture. Its partner, First Capital Securities, was to buy out JPMorgan from its one-third stake for 307 million yuan ($44 million at the time), the Chinese firm said in December. Since UBS Group and Goldman Sachs Group established Chinese joint ventures more than a decade ago, foreign banks have struggled to challenge local players. One competitive disadvantage is that Chinese rules limit them to minority stakes, reducing their sway over key decisions. China has made “huge progress” on market reforms, Dimon said, adding that he would like to increase his firm’s businesses in the nation. The firm’s businesses in China include corporate banking and stakes in a fund manager and in a commodities futures joint venture, according to the bank’s China website. JPMorgan said in February that it won approval to underwrite corporate bond sales in China’s interbank market. The issue of control contributed to JPMorgan’s decision to sell its stake in the First Capital venture, whose business included equity and debt underwriting and mergers advisory. “Joint ventures by nature have sloppy corporate governance,” Dimon said. Any new venture structure would have to allow JPMorgan “a certain amount of management control,” he said.    China’s government in November said it’s committed to letting overseas banks own bigger stakes in securities and fund-management joint ventures in the country. The rule limiting offshore ownership to 49 per cent will gradually be relaxed, the Ministry of Finance said at the time, adding that foreign investors’ participation can boost the industry’s competitiveness and global influence. Dimon said his bank would consider setting up a business in the Shanghai Free Trade Zone (FTZ), without providing more specifics. The Shanghai FTZ is studying allowing foreign investments in financial institutions to exceed current caps, Zheng Yang, the city’s financial services office director, said in June last year. Philip Lagerkranser | Reuters Business Standard http://bsmedia.business-standard.com/_media/bs/wap/images/bs_logo_amp.png 177 22 MORE ON MARKETS: Quick Links Stock Market Live Portfolio Commodity Market Upcoming IPO Personal Finance Stock Market News Derivatives Mutual Funds Gold Price Sensex Browse STOCK Companies A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 Browse Mutual Funds A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z Index Stocks ACC Adani Ports Ambuja Cem. Asian Paints Aurobindo Pharma Axis Bank B P C L Bajaj Auto Bank of Baroda Bharti Airtel Bharti Infra. Bosch Cipla Coal India Dr Reddy's Labs Eicher Motors GAIL (India) Grasim Inds H D F C HCL Technologies HDFC Bank Hero Motocorp Hind. Unilever Hindalco Inds. ICICI Bank Indiabulls Housing Finance Indian Oil Corporation Ltd. IndusInd Bank Infosys ITC Kotak Mah. Bank Larsen & Toubro Lupin M & M Maruri Suzuki NTPC O N G C Power Grid Corpn Reliance Inds. St Bk of India Sun Pharma. Inds. Tata Motors Tata Motors-DVR Tata Power Co. Tata Steel TCS Tech Mahindra UltraTech Cement Ltd Wipro Yes Bank Zee Entertainment Copyrights © 2017 Business Standard Private Ltd. All rights reserved. From BS Website Home Companies Markets Opinion Politics Technology Specials Personal Finance Budget Latest News Today's Paper RBI Policy General News General Videos General Photo Gallery Events Authors About us About Us Code of Conduct Terms & Conditions Cookie Policy Disclaimer Investor Communication Support & Contact Partner with Us Careers Advertise with Us Contact Us Feedback Browser Support Sitemap Subscribe E-Paper BS Magazines Portfolio Tracker BS Products Smart Investor BS Hindi BS Motoring BS Books B2B Connect iPhone iPad android wap BS Fund Cafe 2016 Budget Insight Out Budget 2017 Budget 2017 Budget News Budget Connect with BS Facebook Google+ Linkedin Twitter Youtube RSS Upgrade To Premium Services Welcome User Business Standard is happy to inform you of the launch of "Business Standard Premium Services" As a premium subscriber you get an across device unfettered access to a range of services which include: Access Exclusive content - articles, features & opinion pieces Weekly Industry/Genre specific newsletters - Choose multiple industries/genres Access to 17 plus years of content archives Set Stock price alerts for your portfolio and watch list and get them delivered to your e-mail box End of day news alerts on 5 companies (via email) NEW: Get seamless access to WSJ.com at a great price. No additional sign-up required.   Premium Services In Partnership with   Dear Guest,   Welcome to the premium services of Business Standard brought to you courtesy FIS. Kindly visit the Manage my subscription page to discover the benefits of this programme. Enjoy Reading! Team Business Standard  
continue to article News All Local News Search Last 36 hours Nation + World Environment Politics Justice Polygamy Health Care Education Weather Utah's Right Elevate Empower Utah Legal Notices Sports Utah Jazz RSL Utah Utes BYU Cougars USU Aggies WSU Wildcats Preps Grizzlies Bees Outdoors Winter Sports College Monson Kragthorpe All-time BYU football stats All-time Utes football stats Blogs Politics UPIN The Cricket TV Jazz Notes U of U Sports BYU Sports Prep Sports RSL Hiking Outdoors & Travel Sundance More Blogs Opinion Editorials Commentary Letters Bagley Cartoon Gehrke Rolly Cannon Kirby Blog: State of the Debate Submit a Letter Faith Religion news LDS Church Faith Blog Entertainment Calendar Film-Finder Movies Restaurants Lifestyle Arts Food Music TV Sundance Puzzles & Games Comics Horoscopes Cool Stuff The Legacy of Joe Hill I Love videos Whatever Happened To... Special Reports Videos Photo Galleries Utah Bucket List Preparing to play Money Top Workplaces Home Prices Obituaries Jobs Top Employer Top Educator Top Jobs Employment News Employers Post A Job Contact Us Homes Find a Home Find a Realtor Rentals Legal Notices Top Workplaces Top Workplaces Subscribe    Print New Subscription Register for e-Edition Access your e-Edition Print Registration Print Login    sltrib.com Membership Become a Supporting Member Premium Ad-Free Site Login Account Login Member FAQ Toggle navigation News All Local News Search Last 36 hours Nation + World Environment Politics Justice Polygamy Health Care Education Weather Utah's Right Elevate Empower Utah Legal Notices    SPONSORED BY: Sports Utah Jazz RSL Utah Utes BYU Cougars USU Aggies WSU Wildcats Preps Grizzlies Bees Outdoors Winter Sports College Monson Kragthorpe All-time BYU football stats All-time Utes football stats Blogs Politics UPIN The Cricket TV Jazz Notes U of U Sports BYU Sports Prep Sports RSL Hiking Outdoors & Travel Sundance More Blogs Opinion Editorials Commentary Letters Bagley Cartoon Gehrke Rolly Cannon Kirby Blog: State of the Debate Submit a Letter Faith Religion news LDS Church Faith Blog Entertainment Sundance Calendar Film-Finder Movies Restaurants Lifestyle Arts Food Music TV Puzzles & Games Comics Horoscopes Cool Stuff The Legacy of Joe Hill I Love videos Whatever Happened To... Special Reports Videos Photo Galleries Utah Bucket List Preparing to play Money Top Workplaces Home Prices Obituaries Jobs Top Employer Top Educator Top Jobs Employment News Employers Post A Job Contact Us    SPONSORED BY: Homes Find a Home Find a Realtor Rentals Legal Notices Top Workplaces Subscribe    Print New Subscription Register for e-Edition Access your e-Edition Print Registration Print Login    sltrib.com Membership Become a Supporting Member Premium Ad-Free Site Login Account Login Member FAQ Home » Opinion Salt Lake City 74 ° Traffic / Ski Report Stories from last 36 hours 2017 PULITZER PRIZE WINNER 2017 PULITZER PRIZE WINNER JUNE 8, 2017 JUNE 8, 2017 Become a Member | Ad-Free Login Home » Opinion JUN 8, 2017  |  Salt Lake City 74 °  |  Traffic / Ski Report Stories from last 36 hours Become a Member | Ad-Free Login Home » Opinion Become a Member | Ad-Free Login Washington Post Editorial: Goldman Sachs makes an irresponsible deal with the corrupt Venezuela regime First Published Jun 05 2017 02:27PM    •    Last Updated Jun 06 2017 03:56 pm Share This Article At the firm's highest levels, Goldman Sachs personnel are not indifferent to important ethical and public policy concerns, whether that necessarily helps or hurts the Wall Street bank's bottom line. We know this because chief executive Lloyd Blankfein took to Twitter for the first time ever to repudiate President Donald Trump's decision to withdraw the United States from the Paris accord on climate change. Previously, he had gone public in opposition to the president's proposed ban on travel to the United States from certain Muslim-majority nations. What, then, are we to make of Goldman Sachs fund managers' recent secondary-market purchase, at a steep discount, of $2.8 billion worth of bonds issued by the state-owned oil company of Venezuela; that is to say, the same government that guns down pro-democracy protesters on a near-daily basis and otherwise subjects its people to vast corruption and economic privation? VIDEOS TOP JOBS Well, the first thing to be said is that the transaction was a really sweet deal for Goldman and its clients. The firm paid only $865 million for the securities, a near-70 percent markdown from face value reflective of Venezuela's parlous finances. Of course, Goldman's fund will be entitled to $2.8 billion in 2022, when the bonds mature, and meanwhile gets 19 percent annual interest, a cool $756 million. The second thing to say is what a terrible deal this is for the people of Venezuela, since on the other end of the transaction, ultimately, stands the Venezuelan central bank — which held the bonds and sold them to Goldman via a little-known intermediary. The cash Caracas reaped will help President Nicolás Maduro survive the (very) short-term, or even remain in power long enough to pay back Goldman in 2022, necessarily by imposing more brutal austerity on his people. Yes, the opposition might be in power by then; leaders pledged to stiff Goldman if it is. But the firm would probably break even under any scenario short of total debt repudiation, which would not be in a future democracy's own interest. No wonder former Venezuelan planning minister Ricardo Hausmann, now teaching at Harvard University, calls them "hunger bonds." To be sure, Goldman was trying to keep pace in the emerging market bond market — to meet such standards as the JPMorgan Chase Emerging Market Bond Index, of which Venezuela's official debt is a highly remunerative component. But that simply shows Wall Street as a whole needs to rethink dealing in this utterly illegitimate regime's obligations the same way it deals in, say, democratic Chile's, or even the debt of more responsible undemocratic countries. Even among the world's odious regimes, Venezuela is a special case; Hausmann has suggested the financial community could collectively curb incentives to do deals such as Goldman's by removing Venezuelan bonds from market indexes. If Goldman Sachs and the rest of Wall Street really want a reputation for social responsibility, they will eagerly seek alternatives to business as usual with Caracas.   Share This Article JOIN THE DISCUSSION     Post a Comment POPULAR OPINION Jennifer Rubin: The other shoes start falling Dana Milbank: Tongue-tied testimony in defense of Trump Bagley Cartoon: Trump's Charitable Giving Letter: President has no vision for the future E.J. Dionne: A constitutionally impossible relationship Megan McArdle: Why not try 'Medicare for all'? Glad you asked ELEVATE Five pitfalls to avoid when buying a condo or townhouse   Utah Arts Festival: Four days of music, culture...and art!   Contests and Promotions COMMENTS VIEW/POST COMMENT      () News All Local News Search Last 36 hours Nation + World RSS Twitter Environment Politics Justice Polygamy Education Weather Traffic Utah's Right Elevate Empower Utah Cool Stuff The Legacy of Joe Hill I Love videos Whatever Happened To... Special Reports Videos Photo Galleries Utah Bucket List Preparing to play Sports All Sports Olympics TribPreps Utah Jazz Utah Utes BYU Cougars USU Aggies WSU Wildcats College RSL Grizzlies Bees Winter Sports Outdoors Gordon Monson Kurt Kragthorpe All-time BYU football stats All-time Utes football stats Money All Money Top Workplaces Home Prices Blogs All Blogs Politics The Cricket TV Jazz Notes U of U Sports BYU Sports Prep Sports RSL Hiking Sundance Opinion All Opinion Editorials Commentary Letters Bagley Cartoons Gehrke Rolly Cannon Kirby Submit a Letter Faith All Faith LDS Church Religion news Faith Blog Entertainment All Entertainment Calendar Film-Finder Movies Restaurants Lifestyle Arts Food Music TV Sundance Puzzles & Games Comics Horoscopes Membership Ad-Free Site Login Become a Member Account Login Member FAQ Obituaries Search Obituaries Place an Obituary Marketplace Search Cars Search Homes Search Jobs Legal Notices Other Services Advertise With Us Subscribe to the Newspaper Access your e-Edition Frequently Asked Questions Contact a newsroom staff member Access the Trib Archives Privacy Policy Missing your paper? Need to place your paper on vacation hold? For this and any other subscription related needs, click here or call 801.204.6100 Copyright @ 2017, The Salt Lake Tribune
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Solar Capital Ltd. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Solar Capital Ltd. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Positive News Coverage Somewhat Likely to Impact International Paper (IP) Stock Price Cortina Asset Management LLC Purchases 75,879 Shares of Entellus Medical Inc (ENTL) Cortina Asset Management LLC Sells 17,566 Shares of Covenant Transportation Group, Inc. (CVTI) Fiesta Restaurant Group (FRGI) Getting Favorable Media Coverage, Study Finds United Services Automobile Association Cuts Stake in Forrester Research, Inc. (FORR) Van ECK Associates Corp Purchases 50,868 Shares of Solar Capital Ltd. (SLRC) Genco Shipping & Trading Limited Ordinary Shares New (Marshall Islands) (GNK) Getting Positive Press Coverage, Report Shows Credit Agricole S A Boosts Stake in Papa John's Int'l, Inc. (PZZA) Bank of Commerce Holdings (BOCH) Upgraded to “Buy” at ValuEngine Bryn Mawr Bank Corp. (BMTC) Upgraded by ValuEngine to “Buy” Cna Financial Corp (CNA) Upgraded at Zacks Investment Research BNC Bancorp (BNCN) Upgraded to “Buy” at ValuEngine Analysts Set Aramark (ARMK) PT at $42.70 Marcus & Millichap Inc (MMI) Downgraded to “Hold” at ValuEngine MEDNAX Inc (MD) Downgraded by ValuEngine to “Hold” Murphy Oil Co. (MUR) Lowered to Sell at ValuEngine Magna International Inc. (MGA) Downgraded to “Buy” at ValuEngine MGIC Investment Corp. (MTG) Upgraded by ValuEngine to “Strong-Buy” Rafferty Asset Management LLC Raises Stake in Nasdaq Inc (NDAQ) LMR Partners LLP Takes Position in Las Vegas Sands Corp. (LVS) Van ECK Associates Corp Purchases 50,868 Shares of Solar Capital Ltd. (SLRC) June 5th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Tyrone Williams Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Van ECK Associates Corp increased its position in Solar Capital Ltd. (NASDAQ:SLRC) by 29.0% during the first quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The firm owned 226,152 shares of the financial services provider’s stock after buying an additional 50,868 shares during the period. Van ECK Associates Corp’s holdings in Solar Capital were worth $5,113,000 as of its most recent filing with the SEC. Other institutional investors also recently added to or reduced their stakes in the company. Chicago Partners Investment Group LLC boosted its position in Solar Capital by 4.5% in the first quarter. Chicago Partners Investment Group LLC now owns 85,500 shares of the financial services provider’s stock worth $1,933,000 after buying an additional 3,671 shares during the period. AXA boosted its position in Solar Capital by 54.1% in the first quarter. AXA now owns 140,501 shares of the financial services provider’s stock worth $3,177,000 after buying an additional 49,301 shares during the period. Argent Capital Management LLC boosted its position in Solar Capital by 2.3% in the first quarter. Argent Capital Management LLC now owns 117,033 shares of the financial services provider’s stock worth $2,646,000 after buying an additional 2,600 shares during the period. Muzinich & Co. Inc. boosted its position in Solar Capital by 24.3% in the first quarter. Muzinich & Co. Inc. now owns 1,564,743 shares of the financial services provider’s stock worth $35,379,000 after buying an additional 306,142 shares during the period. Finally, Mckinley Capital Management LLC Delaware boosted its position in Solar Capital by 18.7% in the first quarter. Mckinley Capital Management LLC Delaware now owns 225,559 shares of the financial services provider’s stock worth $5,100,000 after buying an additional 35,462 shares during the period. 59.26% of the stock is owned by institutional investors. Solar Capital Ltd. (SLRC) traded down 0.161% during trading on Monday, hitting $21.695. The stock had a trading volume of 63,561 shares. Solar Capital Ltd. has a 1-year low of $18.42 and a 1-year high of $22.94. The firm’s 50-day moving average price is $22.05 and its 200-day moving average price is $21.65. Solar Capital (NASDAQ:SLRC) last released its earnings results on Tuesday, May 2nd. The financial services provider reported $0.39 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, missing the Zacks’ consensus estimate of $0.42 by $0.03. The business had revenue of $34.39 million during the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $36.24 million. Solar Capital had a net margin of 50.98% and a return on equity of 7.83%. Equities analysts forecast that Solar Capital Ltd. will post $1.67 earnings per share for the current fiscal year. The firm also recently announced a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Wednesday, July 5th. Stockholders of record on Thursday, June 22nd will be issued a $0.40 dividend. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Tuesday, June 20th. This represents a $1.60 dividend on an annualized basis and a dividend yield of 7.36%. Solar Capital’s payout ratio is currently 89.89%. TRADEMARK VIOLATION WARNING: “Van ECK Associates Corp Purchases 50,868 Shares of Solar Capital Ltd. (SLRC)” was originally reported by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are viewing this piece on another domain, it was copied illegally and republished in violation of US and international trademark & copyright laws. The correct version of this piece can be read at https://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/06/05/van-eck-associates-corp-purchases-50868-shares-of-solar-capital-ltd-slrc.html. A number of equities analysts have recently weighed in on the company. National Securities reissued a “buy” rating and issued a $24.00 price target on shares of Solar Capital in a report on Monday, May 8th. Zacks Investment Research cut Solar Capital from a “hold” rating to a “sell” rating in a report on Saturday, May 6th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. cut Solar Capital from an “overweight” rating to a “neutral” rating and set a $23.00 price target for the company. in a report on Monday, May 1st. Finally, Ladenburg Thalmann Financial Services cut Solar Capital from a “buy” rating to a “neutral” rating in a report on Friday, February 24th. They noted that the move was a valuation call. One equities research analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, four have given a hold rating and three have issued a buy rating to the company. Solar Capital has an average rating of “Hold” and an average target price of $22.34. Solar Capital Company Profile Solar Capital Ltd. is a closed-end, externally managed, non-diversified management investment company. The Company’s investment objective is to generate both current income and capital appreciation through debt and equity investments. It invests in privately held the United States middle market companies. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding SLRC? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Solar Capital Ltd. (NASDAQ:SLRC). Receive News & Ratings for Solar Capital Ltd. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Solar Capital Ltd. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Trump’s Tweets Complicate Already Complicated Week World Leaders Very Critical of Paris Agreement Decision by Trump Aide to President Trump Resigns With More Expected Scud-Class Missile Launched by North Korea Travel Ban Dealt Another Blow by Appeals Court © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance LKQ Co. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for LKQ Co. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Spark Investment Management LLC Invests $1.88 Million in North American Energy Partners Inc.(USA) (NOA) Renewable Energy Group Inc (REGI) Director Buys $55,700.00 in Stock Alliancebernstein L.P. Decreases Stake in Essex Property Trust Inc (ESS) Trueblue Inc (TBI) Position Raised by Alliancebernstein L.P. Cadence Capital Management LLC Has $762,000 Stake in Leggett & Platt, Inc. (LEG) Cadence Capital Management LLC Increases Stake in Comerica Incorporated (CMA) Coach Inc (COH) Stake Maintained by Ariel Investments LLC Cadence Capital Management LLC Lowers Stake in Six Flags Entertainment Corp (SIX) Ariel Investments LLC Increases Stake in Nordstrom, Inc. (JWN) Cadence Capital Management LLC Invests $668,000 in Concho Resources Inc (CXO) Cadence Capital Management LLC Takes Position in Humana Inc (HUM) Ariel Investments LLC Has $38.29 Million Stake in Blackstone Group LP (BX) DISH Network Corp (DISH) Stake Boosted by Cadence Capital Management LLC Concho Resources Inc (CXO) Stake Reduced by Alliancebernstein L.P. Alliancebernstein L.P. Sells 165,254 Shares of Southwest Gas Holdings Inc (SWX) Approach Resources (AREX) Given Media Impact Rating of -0.03 Achillion Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (ACHN) Expected to Announce Earnings of -$0.16 Per Share Comparing Xilinx (XLNX) and Sequans Communications SA (SQNS) Digital Turbine (APPS) Earns Daily News Impact Rating of -0.05 Archrock Partners (APLP) Earning Somewhat Critical Media Coverage, Study Finds LKQ Co. (LKQ) Stake Raised by Giverny Capital Inc. June 5th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Stacy Sanders Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Giverny Capital Inc. boosted its stake in LKQ Co. (NASDAQ:LKQ) by 2.1% during the first quarter, according to its most recent disclosure with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). The institutional investor owned 1,323,809 shares of the auto parts company’s stock after buying an additional 27,407 shares during the period. LKQ makes up approximately 6.4% of Giverny Capital Inc.’s portfolio, making the stock its 6th largest position. Giverny Capital Inc.’s holdings in LKQ were worth $38,748,000 as of its most recent SEC filing. Other hedge funds have also recently modified their holdings of the company. Nordea Investment Management AB raised its stake in LKQ by 856.1% in the first quarter. Nordea Investment Management AB now owns 4,741,329 shares of the auto parts company’s stock worth $138,779,000 after buying an additional 4,245,408 shares during the period. UBS Asset Management Americas Inc. raised its stake in LKQ by 411.3% in the first quarter. UBS Asset Management Americas Inc. now owns 3,701,758 shares of the auto parts company’s stock worth $108,350,000 after buying an additional 2,977,759 shares during the period. CI Global Investments Inc. bought a new stake in LKQ during the first quarter worth $72,919,000. Eaton Vance Management raised its stake in LKQ by 130.3% in the third quarter. Eaton Vance Management now owns 1,998,905 shares of the auto parts company’s stock worth $70,881,000 after buying an additional 1,130,834 shares during the period. Finally, Check Capital Management Inc. CA bought a new stake in LKQ during the first quarter worth $27,678,000. 88.66% of the stock is owned by institutional investors and hedge funds. Shares of LKQ Co. (NASDAQ:LKQ) traded up 0.25% during trading on Monday, hitting $32.41. The company had a trading volume of 452,425 shares. The stock’s 50-day moving average price is $30.79 and its 200 day moving average price is $31.17. LKQ Co. has a 52 week low of $27.85 and a 52 week high of $36.35. The company has a market capitalization of $9.99 billion, a P/E ratio of 20.63 and a beta of 0.51. LKQ (NASDAQ:LKQ) last posted its quarterly earnings data on Thursday, April 27th. The auto parts company reported $0.49 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, beating the Zacks’ consensus estimate of $0.46 by $0.03. LKQ had a return on equity of 16.02% and a net margin of 6.00%. The company had revenue of $2.34 billion during the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $2.31 billion. During the same quarter in the previous year, the business earned $0.42 EPS. LKQ’s revenue was up 21.9% compared to the same quarter last year. On average, equities research analysts forecast that LKQ Co. will post $1.87 earnings per share for the current year. TRADEMARK VIOLATION WARNING: “LKQ Co. (LKQ) Stake Raised by Giverny Capital Inc.” was first reported by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are viewing this piece on another domain, it was copied illegally and reposted in violation of international copyright & trademark laws. The legal version of this piece can be accessed at https://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/06/05/lkq-co-lkq-stake-raised-by-giverny-capital-inc.html. A number of analysts have recently weighed in on the company. William Blair reissued an “outperform” rating on shares of LKQ in a research note on Monday, February 27th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. assumed coverage on LKQ in a research note on Tuesday, February 21st. They set an “overweight” rating and a $41.00 price objective for the company. Zacks Investment Research raised LKQ from a “sell” rating to a “hold” rating in a research note on Monday, May 1st. FBR & Co reissued an “outperform” rating and set a $41.00 price objective (up previously from $40.00) on shares of LKQ in a research note on Friday, April 28th. Finally, Jefferies Group LLC reissued a “buy” rating and set a $37.00 price objective on shares of LKQ in a research note on Thursday, April 27th. One investment analyst has rated the stock with a hold rating and seven have issued a buy rating to the company. The stock has an average rating of “Buy” and an average price target of $39.14. In related news, VP Michael S. Clark sold 5,000 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction on Monday, May 22nd. The stock was sold at an average price of $31.42, for a total transaction of $157,100.00. Following the completion of the transaction, the vice president now owns 62,885 shares in the company, valued at approximately $1,975,846.70. The transaction was disclosed in a document filed with the SEC, which is available through this hyperlink. Also, SVP Justin L. Jude sold 20,000 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction on Thursday, June 1st. The shares were sold at an average price of $32.01, for a total value of $640,200.00. Following the transaction, the senior vice president now owns 86,285 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $2,761,982.85. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. In the last 90 days, insiders have sold 56,024 shares of company stock valued at $1,733,446. 1.30% of the stock is owned by company insiders. About LKQ LKQ Corporation (LKQ) is a distributor of vehicle products, including replacement parts, components and systems used in the repair and maintenance of vehicles, as well as specialty vehicle products and accessories, and automotive glass products. The Company’s segments include Wholesale-North America; Europe; Specialty, and Self Service. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding LKQ? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for LKQ Co. (NASDAQ:LKQ). Receive News & Ratings for LKQ Co. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for LKQ Co. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Trump’s Tweets Complicate Already Complicated Week World Leaders Very Critical of Paris Agreement Decision by Trump Aide to President Trump Resigns With More Expected Scud-Class Missile Launched by North Korea Travel Ban Dealt Another Blow by Appeals Court © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Mercury Systems Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Mercury Systems Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Approach Resources (AREX) Given Media Impact Rating of -0.03 Achillion Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (ACHN) Expected to Announce Earnings of -$0.16 Per Share Comparing Xilinx (XLNX) and Sequans Communications SA (SQNS) Digital Turbine (APPS) Earns Daily News Impact Rating of -0.05 Archrock Partners (APLP) Earning Somewhat Critical Media Coverage, Study Finds Air Products & Chemicals (APD) Receives Media Impact Rating of 0.14 G-III Apparel Group (GIII) & Iconix Brand Group (ICON) Critical Contrast $0.52 EPS Expected for Texas Roadhouse Inc (TXRH) This Quarter Brokerages Anticipate BioCryst Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (BCRX) Will Announce Earnings of -$0.19 Per Share ANI Pharmaceuticals Inc (ANIP) Downgraded to “Hold” at ValuEngine Brightcove Inc (BCOV) Downgraded by ValuEngine to “Sell” Array Biopharma Inc (ARRY) Upgraded by ValuEngine to Hold AVEO Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (AVEO) Downgraded to Strong Sell at ValuEngine Absolute Software (ALSWF) Upgraded by ValuEngine to Hold Westpac Banking Corp Has $818,000 Position in Helmerich & Payne, Inc. (HP) Asset Management One Co. Ltd. Has $44.54 Million Stake in Incyte Co. (INCY) Westpac Banking Corp Decreases Position in Agilent Technologies Inc (A) Asset Management One Co. Ltd. Sells 10,723 Shares of IDEXX Laboratories, Inc. (IDXX) Westpac Banking Corp Sells 465,758 Shares of FirstEnergy Corp. (FE) Asset Management One Co. Ltd. Acquires 5,137 Shares of C.H. Robinson Worldwide, Inc. (CHRW) Mark Aslett Sells 9,600 Shares of Mercury Systems Inc (MRCY) Stock June 5th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Jeff Wilder Filed Under: Finance - Insider Trades Tweet Mercury Systems Inc (NASDAQ:MRCY) insider Mark Aslett sold 9,600 shares of Mercury Systems stock in a transaction dated Friday, June 2nd. The shares were sold at an average price of $39.54, for a total value of $379,584.00. Following the transaction, the insider now directly owns 547,849 shares in the company, valued at $21,661,949.46. The transaction was disclosed in a legal filing with the SEC, which can be accessed through this link. Mark Aslett also recently made the following trade(s): On Tuesday, May 16th, Mark Aslett sold 9,600 shares of Mercury Systems stock. The shares were sold at an average price of $40.26, for a total value of $386,496.00. On Friday, May 5th, Mark Aslett sold 9,600 shares of Mercury Systems stock. The shares were sold at an average price of $39.92, for a total value of $383,232.00. On Wednesday, March 15th, Mark Aslett sold 9,600 shares of Mercury Systems stock. The shares were sold at an average price of $38.79, for a total value of $372,384.00. Mercury Systems Inc (NASDAQ MRCY) traded down 1.11% on Monday, reaching $39.21. The company had a trading volume of 104,617 shares. Mercury Systems Inc has a 1-year low of $21.09 and a 1-year high of $41.49. The stock’s 50 day moving average is $39.43 and its 200-day moving average is $35.59. The stock has a market capitalization of $1.88 billion, a P/E ratio of 67.72 and a beta of 0.50. Mercury Systems (NASDAQ:MRCY) last issued its quarterly earnings results on Tuesday, April 25th. The technology company reported $0.16 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, topping analysts’ consensus estimates of $0.14 by $0.02. The company had revenue of $107.30 million for the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $105.54 million. Mercury Systems had a return on equity of 6.69% and a net margin of 6.53%. Mercury Systems’s revenue for the quarter was up 62.8% on a year-over-year basis. During the same quarter in the prior year, the business posted $0.25 earnings per share. On average, equities analysts predict that Mercury Systems Inc will post $1.10 EPS for the current fiscal year. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY WARNING: “Mark Aslett Sells 9,600 Shares of Mercury Systems Inc (MRCY) Stock” was reported by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are viewing this piece of content on another website, it was illegally stolen and reposted in violation of U.S. and international copyright & trademark law. The correct version of this piece of content can be accessed at https://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/06/05/mark-aslett-sells-9600-shares-of-mercury-systems-inc-mrcy-stock.html. MRCY has been the topic of a number of analyst reports. Zacks Investment Research raised Mercury Systems from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $44.00 price objective on the stock in a research report on Thursday, April 13th. Noble Financial reaffirmed a “hold” rating on shares of Mercury Systems in a research report on Thursday, April 27th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. initiated coverage on Mercury Systems in a research report on Thursday, March 9th. They set an “overweight” rating and a $48.00 price objective on the stock. Jefferies Group LLC reaffirmed a “hold” rating and set a $43.00 price objective on shares of Mercury Systems in a research report on Wednesday, May 31st. Finally, Citigroup Inc lifted their price objective on Mercury Systems to $48.00 and gave the company a “buy” rating in a research report on Monday, March 20th. Three investment analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and six have given a buy rating to the company’s stock. The stock currently has an average rating of “Buy” and an average price target of $42.33. A number of institutional investors have recently modified their holdings of the company. BlackRock Inc. increased its position in shares of Mercury Systems by 242,823.0% in the first quarter. BlackRock Inc. now owns 6,646,372 shares of the technology company’s stock worth $259,540,000 after buying an additional 6,643,636 shares in the last quarter. Goldman Sachs Group Inc. increased its position in shares of Mercury Systems by 920.0% in the first quarter. Goldman Sachs Group Inc. now owns 1,231,176 shares of the technology company’s stock worth $48,077,000 after buying an additional 1,110,474 shares in the last quarter. Gilder Gagnon Howe & Co. LLC acquired a new position in shares of Mercury Systems during the first quarter worth about $35,579,000. Vanguard Group Inc. increased its position in shares of Mercury Systems by 21.6% in the first quarter. Vanguard Group Inc. now owns 3,938,032 shares of the technology company’s stock worth $153,780,000 after buying an additional 700,484 shares in the last quarter. Finally, Alliancebernstein L.P. increased its position in shares of Mercury Systems by 1,334.8% in the first quarter. Alliancebernstein L.P. now owns 627,008 shares of the technology company’s stock worth $24,485,000 after buying an additional 583,308 shares in the last quarter. Institutional investors own 79.14% of the company’s stock. About Mercury Systems Mercury Systems, Inc is a commercial provider of secure processing subsystems designed and made in the United States. The Company’s solutions support a range of defense and intelligence programs. Its technologies include embedded processing modules and subsystems, radio frequency (RF) and microwave multi-function assemblies, as well as subsystems, and RF and microwave components. Receive News & Ratings for Mercury Systems Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Mercury Systems Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Trump’s Tweets Complicate Already Complicated Week World Leaders Very Critical of Paris Agreement Decision by Trump Aide to President Trump Resigns With More Expected Scud-Class Missile Launched by North Korea Travel Ban Dealt Another Blow by Appeals Court © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Fast Company Newsletter Subscribe Technology Leadership Entertainment Ideas Video News fast company homepage technology leadership entertainment ideas video news co.Design homepage cities graphics innovation by design interactive product spaces collections The Most Innovative Companies The top 50 companies in entertainment, media, sports, technology, and more. Most Creative People Meet this year's inspiring leaders. Innovation By Design A showcase for ingenious design solutions. World Changing Ideas New workplaces, new food sources, new medicine—even an entirely new economic system. Work Smart The apps, tips, tactics, and brain hacks to help you work smarter instead of harder. FastCo.Works Studio An award-winning team of journalists, designers, and videographers who tell brand stories through Fast Company’s distinctive lens.Current Issue Current Issue SUBSCRIBE Follow us: advertisement advertisement 06.05.17 4 Things Private Businesses Can Do To Lessen The Impact Of Trump’s Climate Decision Greenwashing business as usual isn’t enough. Here are practical steps that business leaders can take to bridge the gap and take climate action. [Photo: Unsplash user Filip Bunkens] By Pavithra Mohan7 minute Read President Trump’s decision to pull out of the Paris climate agreement last week makes the U.S. one of just three countries the world over—the other two being Syria and Nicaragua—to opt out of the 31-page pact to take steps to reduce the effects of climate change. His decision puts the onus ion state governments and the private sector to bridge the gap and take action on climate change. advertisement Related: The rebel alliance begins: Governors of New York, California, Washington form a coalition to fight climate change But this is nothing new: As Michael Bloomberg stressed in a statement, the U.S. leading the charge in climate action had little to do with the federal government. He said:  “In the U.S., emission levels are determined far more by cities, states, and businesses than they are by our federal government,” he said. “Over the past decade, the U.S. has led the world in emission reductions—and our federal government had very little to do with it. It happened because of leadership from cities, public opposition to coal plants, and market forces that have made cleaner sources of energy—including solar and wind—cheaper than coal.” Here are some of the ways in which companies and business leaders can stay the course, with or without the support of the powers that be. Disengage—Or Stay Engaged And Be Vocal Following Trump’s decision to withdraw from the climate deal, Elon Musk has stepped down from the president’s advisory council, as has Disney CEO Bob Iger. Still remaining, however, are the likes of Pepsi CEO Indra Nooyi, General Motors CEO Mary Barra, and IBM CEO Ginni Rometty. “There’s going to be a groundswell of pressure on CEOs to step down from that advisory council,” Oxfam climate and energy director Heather Coleman says. “This decision is a pivot point.” Coleman also noted that the private sector is often “beat up” as conscientious consumers pin their hopes on businesses when the government is ineffective. “There’s a lot of anger that people feel toward the U.S. government, and toward it not taking action, that is being displaced and put on the [private sector],” Coleman says. “And so these companies understand that the more the U.S. government stalls on this issue, the more pressure they’re going to get.” Many business leaders have already been vocal about their feelings: Thirty CEOs—including the leadership of unlikely corporate allies like JP Morgan Chase and Morgan Stanley—expressed their support of the Paris climate deal in the form of a letter last month. Others, like Exxon CEO Darren Woods, personally implored Trump not to withdraw from the climate deal. Since last week’s decision, countless CEOs have come forward to denounce Trump’s decision. Kevin Moss, the director of the World Resources Institute’s (WRI) Business Center—which works with the private sector to develop sustainability strategies—says that while it’s important for CEOs to show disagreement by choosing to no longer engage with Trump, as Musk and Iger have, there can be value in sticking around if you are vocal. “The one thing that’s not helpful is when companies stay engaged and stay quiet,” he says. “The important thing to do is make a statement by disengaging, or make a statement by staying inside and engaging and being forthright.” advertisement Set Science-Based Targets Addressing climate change is critical for the planet, yes, but it’s also good for business. “From the perspective of a business, the fundamentals remain the same,” Moss said. “Acting on climate change reduces costs and risks in a couple of different ways, and acting on climate change creates business opportunity.” What some companies are already doing is setting emission reduction targets grounded in science, with the objective of keeping the rise in global temperature to below two degrees Celsius higher than in pre-industrial times. The initiative—a partnership between WRI, CDP, the World Wide Fund for Nature, and the United Nations Global Compact—already boasts 269 companies, with two to three new companies signing up each week, according to Moss. As we’ve written before, companies often set reduction goals that don’t take into account actual science, which means they may not be doing as much as they think they are. With science-based targets, Coleman says, companies are not “arbitrarily making greenhouse gas reduction goals,” but instead are making an informed decision based on “how does this actually add up to the broader whole.” Nigel Topping, the CEO of the We Mean Business coalition, said that nearly 600 companies boasting more than $8.1 trillion in annual revenue have committed to climate action as part of a We Mean Business campaign. Included in that count is Walmart, which saved $1 billion in the last fiscal year by implementing a science-based target (Walmart’s CEO Doug McMillon has decided to remain on Trump’s advisory council). And last week, Topping says, HPEnterprise became the first company to introduce a science-based supply chain goal; its target is to cut back on carbon emissions by 100 million metric tons of carbon by 2025—the equivalent of eliminating 21 million cars from the road for a full year. Mark Barteau, the director of the University of Michigan’s energy institute, notes that this type of accountability will be crucial if companies want to reach the goals laid out in the Paris agreement. “If they’re really committed to trying to meet the Paris numbers on their own, I think having independent validation that they’re doing that is going to be important—otherwise it’s just going to look like the usual corporate propaganda and greenwashing,” he says. Introduce Carbon Pricing One way to incentivize the adoption of renewable energy sources—particularly when there’s little support from the government—is by imposing a carbon tax of sorts, or charging companies for the emission of CO2. “In many industries, there’s been a conversation happening for awhile on whether or not there’s going to be a price on carbon,” Coleman says. “Some companies have established an internal price on carbon in anticipation of regulatory action.” But as Coleman points out, the companies that are likely to do this are those in the geographic areas where carbon pricing might be imposed on a state level. advertisement As Barteau points out, if energy payback is a concern—that is, how long it takes to get a return on the initial energy investment— carbon pricing can help paint a clearer picture of energy efficiency. “That’s a fairly simple way to evaluate or take account of the carbon emissions, the carbon footprint impact, without redoing the whole way investment decisions are made,” he says. Make Sure Consumers Hear You Perhaps one of the most important things businesses can do is to ensure customers and employees understand the value of acting on climate change, and that it does not take away from their livelihood. “Many present a false choice between jobs and doing the right thing for the environment,” says Patrick Maloney, founder and CEO of smart home and clean energy company Inspire. “But the solar and wind industries are each creating jobs at a rate 12 times faster than that of the rest of the U.S. economy, and the solar industry today is responsible for more than twice as many jobs as the coal industry.” As Stephen Comello, Stanford’s Sustainable Energy Initiative director, points out, coal isn’t going to make a big comeback as a result of Trump’s decision. “What is eating the lunch of coal?” he says. “It’s natural gas. It’s cheap, it’s more efficient, it’s easier to move around . . . That’s not going to change.” In fact, according to a CBS news news report, two U.S. coal companies opted for staying in the Paris Accord with the hopes that it would foster U.S. coal sales to emerging markets that still want the fuel. Either way, Comello says it’s unlikely that coal will make a comeback.  “Carbon capture and sequestration is a pretty promising technology, but it’s been a promising technology for years,” he says. “The capital costs involved are so high. If you really were prudent about your dollars, as either a business or a government, you wouldn’t really invest in carbon capture because it is so costly. It isn’t proven. Why, if I had a billion dollars would I put that at risk to do an R&D project with carbon capture, versus actually deploying solar and wind, which is already approved technology at scale?” In his statement, Bloomberg pledged to uphold the objectives of the climate deal, regardless of the withdrawal, even committing $15 million to the U.N. Framework Convention on Climate Change, which will go toward helping other countries meet the terms of the agreement. With so many leaders and businesses speaking out, chances are consumers will hear the message loud and clear—even if the White House refuses to. About the author Pavithra Mohan is an assistant editor for Fast Company Digital. Her writing has previously been featured in Gizmodo and Popular Science magazine. More Fast Company Daily NewsletterSign Up Receive special Fast Company offersSee All Newsletters advertisement Related Stories Leadership Lessons From The Epic Rise And Fall Of The Facebook Of The 1990s Leadership Five Ways To Reinvent Your Job When You Can’t Change Your Job Title Leadership NASA’s Future Astronauts Will Need These Job Skills advertisement Video How To Do Business Like Tony Soprano How Malia Obama Changed The Conversation Around Taking A Gap Year Here's What You'll Need To Succeed In Google's Lunar XPrize Competition Why Eataly is Passionate About Offering Classes That Don’t Bring Home The Bacon Grindr is Now More Than A Gay Hookup App What You Need To Know From Apple's WWDC 2017 Keynote Equinox's LGBTQA Film Is A New Kind of Marketing Authenticity Facebook Has Been Trying To Combat Its Fake News Problem--But Is It Doing Enough? This App Can Help You Prep For That Next Big Presentation How This Google Employee Transformed His Career During A Bad Job Market How The Art World Could Influence Political Opinions Pulling Out Of The Paris Climate Agreement Could Be A Huge Blow To The U.S. Economy Meet The Man (And Network) Behind Your Favorite TV Shows Kushner Ties Could Deter Tenants From Brooklyn's Iconic Watchtower Property Why Uber Might Owe You Money Ideas Ideas Democrats Believe In Starbucks, Republicans Believe In Exxon Ideas 120 Mayors On The Issues Facing Urban America Ideas Trump Says The Paris Agreement Is Bad For Business, Business Says Nope Entertainment Entertainment Nike Made Branded Bandages To Fight A Sports Injury Stigma In China Entertainment SickKids Celebrates Father’s Day With A Sweet Story Of One Tough Dad Entertainment What It’s Like To Write Stand-Up–Good And Bad–For “I’m Dying Up Here” Co.Design Graphics The Pew Research Center Rebrands For A Post-Truth World Graphics Visualizing The World’s Deadliest Computer Virus Spaces At Ai Weiwei’s Unnerving New Installation, The Art Spies On You Fast Company Leadership Lessons From The Epic Rise And Fall Of The Facebook Of The 1990s Technology This Time, Evernote Consulted Its Users Before Revising Its Privacy Policy Technology 9 Questions That Need To Be Answered At James Comey’s Senate Hearing Advertise Privacy Policy Terms Contact About Us Site Map Fast Company & Inc © 2017 Mansueto Ventures, LLC </noscript></body></html>
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Roper Technologies Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Roper Technologies Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News ClariVest Asset Management LLC Has $1.89 Million Stake in Entegris Inc (ENTG) Piermont Capital Management Inc. Sells 10,000 Shares of NewLink Genetics Corp (NLNK) O Shaughnessy Asset Management LLC Raises Stake in Rudolph Technologies Inc (RTEC) Piermont Capital Management Inc. Buys Shares of 47,618 Cytokinetics, Inc. (CYTK) ClariVest Asset Management LLC Takes Position in Eagle Bancorp, Inc. (EGBN) O Shaughnessy Asset Management LLC Buys 1,352 Shares of Lakeland Financial Co. (LKFN) Piermont Capital Management Inc. Takes Position in Toro Co (TTC) O Shaughnessy Asset Management LLC Sells 102 Shares of SkyWest, Inc. (SKYW) O Shaughnessy Asset Management LLC Sells 10 Shares of Greif, Inc. (GEF) Piermont Capital Management Inc. Maintains Stake in Urban Outfitters, Inc. (URBN) O Shaughnessy Asset Management LLC Sells 699 Shares of MarketAxess Holdings Inc. (MKTX) ClariVest Asset Management LLC Buys New Stake in Barracuda Networks Inc (CUDA) Tompkins Financial Co. (TMP) Shares Bought by O Shaughnessy Asset Management LLC Amber Road Inc (AMBR) VP Sells $30,528.60 in Stock Insider Selling: Delek US Holdings, Inc. (DK) Director Sells $43,316.00 in Stock Insider Selling: Acme United Co. (ACU) CEO Sells $38,321.43 in Stock Insider Buying: Ryerson Holding Corp (RYI) CEO Purchases $43,800.00 in Stock First Defiance Financial (FDEF) Earns Daily News Impact Rating of 0.33 Och-Ziff Capital Management Group LLC (OZM) Downgraded by ValuEngine to Hold OM Asset Management PLC (OMAM) Downgraded by ValuEngine to Hold Roper Technologies Inc (ROP) Shares Sold by Dai Ichi Life Insurance Company Ltd June 5th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Stacy Sanders Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Dai Ichi Life Insurance Company Ltd cut its position in shares of Roper Technologies Inc (NYSE:ROP) by 17.2% during the first quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The firm owned 1,721 shares of the industrial products company’s stock after selling 357 shares during the period. Dai Ichi Life Insurance Company Ltd’s holdings in Roper Technologies were worth $355,000 as of its most recent filing with the SEC. Other hedge funds have also made changes to their positions in the company. Victory Capital Management Inc. raised its stake in shares of Roper Technologies by 164.7% in the first quarter. Victory Capital Management Inc. now owns 509,560 shares of the industrial products company’s stock worth $105,220,000 after buying an additional 317,027 shares during the period. SG Americas Securities LLC raised its stake in shares of Roper Technologies by 2.1% in the first quarter. SG Americas Securities LLC now owns 22,987 shares of the industrial products company’s stock worth $4,747,000 after buying an additional 471 shares during the period. Prudential Financial Inc. raised its stake in shares of Roper Technologies by 0.9% in the first quarter. Prudential Financial Inc. now owns 143,826 shares of the industrial products company’s stock worth $29,698,000 after buying an additional 1,259 shares during the period. KBC Group NV raised its stake in shares of Roper Technologies by 594.4% in the first quarter. KBC Group NV now owns 77,923 shares of the industrial products company’s stock worth $16,090,000 after buying an additional 66,702 shares during the period. Finally, Timber Hill LLC acquired a new stake in shares of Roper Technologies during the first quarter worth $409,000. Institutional investors own 97.47% of the company’s stock. Shares of Roper Technologies Inc (ROP) remained flat at $231.19 during trading on Monday. The stock had a trading volume of 127,451 shares. The stock has a 50 day moving average of $219.75 and a 200 day moving average of $201.77. The firm has a market capitalization of $23.59 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 35.68 and a beta of 0.87. Roper Technologies Inc has a 1-year low of $159.28 and a 1-year high of $232.87. Roper Technologies (NYSE:ROP) last released its quarterly earnings results on Friday, April 28th. The industrial products company reported $2.11 EPS for the quarter, beating analysts’ consensus estimates of $1.99 by $0.12. Roper Technologies had a return on equity of 11.97% and a net margin of 17.38%. The firm had revenue of $1.09 billion for the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $1.09 billion. During the same quarter in the previous year, the company posted $1.81 EPS. The business’s revenue was up 20.4% on a year-over-year basis. Analysts forecast that Roper Technologies Inc will post $9.21 EPS for the current year. WARNING: “Roper Technologies Inc (ROP) Shares Sold by Dai Ichi Life Insurance Company Ltd” was first reported by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are reading this report on another domain, it was illegally copied and reposted in violation of international trademark and copyright laws. The correct version of this report can be read at https://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/06/05/roper-technologies-inc-rop-shares-sold-by-dai-ichi-life-insurance-company-ltd.html. A number of analysts have recently weighed in on the company. Zacks Investment Research lowered Roper Technologies from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating in a research note on Wednesday, May 3rd. Barclays PLC raised their price target on Roper Technologies from $221.00 to $237.00 and gave the company an “overweight” rating in a report on Monday, May 1st. Royal Bank of Canada reiterated an “outperform” rating and issued a $248.00 price target (up previously from $245.00) on shares of Roper Technologies in a report on Monday, May 1st. Cowen and Company reiterated an “outperform” rating and issued a $250.00 price target (up previously from $220.00) on shares of Roper Technologies in a report on Monday, April 17th. Finally, JPMorgan Chase & Co. cut Roper Technologies from an “overweight” rating to a “neutral” rating and set a $219.00 price target on the stock. in a report on Friday, March 24th. Three equities research analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating, six have issued a buy rating and one has given a strong buy rating to the company’s stock. The stock presently has a consensus rating of “Buy” and a consensus price target of $226.56. In other Roper Technologies news, Director Christopher Wright sold 2,500 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction dated Thursday, March 16th. The stock was sold at an average price of $214.26, for a total value of $535,650.00. Following the sale, the director now owns 63,904 shares in the company, valued at approximately $13,692,071.04. The transaction was disclosed in a filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is available at this link. Insiders own 2.50% of the company’s stock. Roper Technologies Company Profile Want to see what other hedge funds are holding ROP? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Roper Technologies Inc (NYSE:ROP). Receive News & Ratings for Roper Technologies Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Roper Technologies Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Trump’s Tweets Complicate Already Complicated Week World Leaders Very Critical of Paris Agreement Decision by Trump Aide to President Trump Resigns With More Expected Scud-Class Missile Launched by North Korea Travel Ban Dealt Another Blow by Appeals Court © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Conagra Brands Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Conagra Brands Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Western Forest Products Inc (WEF) Director Daniel Louis Nocente Acquires 20,000 Shares Sterling Bancorp (STL) Director Craig S. Thompson Sells 2,000 Shares North American Energy Partners Inc. (NOA) Insider North American Energy Partners Acquires 7,500 Shares Stephen D.A. Williams Buys 30,000 Shares of Western Forest Products Inc (WEF) Stock Analysts Expect Voyager Therapeutics Inc (VYGR) Will Announce Quarterly Sales of $3.24 Million Match Group Inc (MTCH) Expected to Post Quarterly Sales of $310.00 Million Matthew R. Denezza Sells 30,000 Shares of Eclipse Resources Corp (ECR) Stock Third Point Reinsurance Ltd (TPRE) CFO Christopher S. Coleman Sells 5,000 Shares NorthWestern Corp (NWE) Expected to Announce Earnings of $0.64 Per Share Mimecast Ltd (MIME) Expected to Announce Quarterly Sales of $55.06 Million Brokerages Expect Pinnacle Financial Partners (PNFP) Will Post Quarterly Sales of $125.50 Million Zacks: Analysts Anticipate Legg Mason Inc (LM) to Post $0.58 Earnings Per Share Zacks: Brokerages Anticipate Microchip Technology Inc. (MCHP) Will Post Earnings of $1.14 Per Share Somewhat Positive Press Coverage Very Unlikely to Impact Minerva Neurosciences (NERV) Share Price Insider Buying: Highlands Bankshares Inc (HLND) CFO Purchases 4,000 Shares of Stock Akoustis Technologies Inc (AKTS) VP Mark Boomgarden Sells 67,000 Shares Insider Selling: Aduro BioTech Inc (ADRO) Insider Sells 144,301 Shares of Stock Insider Selling: GrubHub Inc (GRUB) COO Sells 837 Shares of Stock Thomas G. Wiggans Sells 5,000 Shares of Dermira Inc (DERM) Stock Brokerages Expect Silgan Holdings Inc. (SLGN) Will Post Earnings of $0.35 Per Share IBM Retirement Fund Sells 36,128 Shares of Conagra Brands Inc (CAG) June 5th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Stacy Sanders Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet IBM Retirement Fund lowered its stake in Conagra Brands Inc (NYSE:CAG) by 88.1% during the first quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The institutional investor owned 4,869 shares of the company’s stock after selling 36,128 shares during the period. IBM Retirement Fund’s holdings in Conagra Brands were worth $262,000 at the end of the most recent reporting period. Other large investors also recently modified their holdings of the company. Assenagon Asset Management S.A. bought a new stake in shares of Conagra Brands during the fourth quarter valued at about $33,402,000. SNS Financial Group LLC bought a new stake in shares of Conagra Brands during the fourth quarter valued at about $3,341,000. Wetherby Asset Management Inc. increased its stake in shares of Conagra Brands by 0.6% in the fourth quarter. Wetherby Asset Management Inc. now owns 9,090 shares of the company’s stock valued at $360,000 after buying an additional 58 shares in the last quarter. Sfmg LLC increased its stake in shares of Conagra Brands by 0.4% in the first quarter. Sfmg LLC now owns 12,754 shares of the company’s stock valued at $514,000 after buying an additional 50 shares in the last quarter. Finally, Wells Fargo & Company MN increased its stake in shares of Conagra Brands by 30.3% in the first quarter. Wells Fargo & Company MN now owns 7,336,632 shares of the company’s stock valued at $295,959,000 after buying an additional 1,706,553 shares in the last quarter. 76.28% of the stock is owned by institutional investors. Shares of Conagra Brands Inc (NYSE CAG) traded down 0.15% on Monday, reaching $39.53. 706,614 shares of the company traded hands. Conagra Brands Inc has a one year low of $33.61 and a one year high of $48.86. The company has a market capitalization of $16.82 billion, a PE ratio of 28.75 and a beta of 0.30. The firm has a 50-day moving average price of $38.67 and a 200 day moving average price of $39.17. Conagra Brands (NYSE:CAG) last announced its quarterly earnings results on Thursday, March 23rd. The company reported $0.48 EPS for the quarter, beating the Zacks’ consensus estimate of $0.44 by $0.04. The business had revenue of $1.98 billion during the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $1.98 billion. Conagra Brands had a net margin of 6.00% and a return on equity of 25.62%. Conagra Brands’s quarterly revenue was down 9.9% on a year-over-year basis. During the same quarter in the previous year, the business posted $0.57 EPS. Equities analysts forecast that Conagra Brands Inc will post $1.72 EPS for the current fiscal year. The firm also recently declared a quarterly dividend, which was paid on Tuesday, May 30th. Shareholders of record on Friday, April 28th were paid a dividend of $0.20 per share. The ex-dividend date of this dividend was Wednesday, April 26th. This represents a $0.80 dividend on an annualized basis and a yield of 2.02%. Conagra Brands’s dividend payout ratio (DPR) is presently 55.94%. TRADEMARK VIOLATION NOTICE: “IBM Retirement Fund Sells 36,128 Shares of Conagra Brands Inc (CAG)” was reported by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are reading this piece on another domain, it was illegally stolen and reposted in violation of United States and international copyright legislation. The original version of this piece can be accessed at https://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/06/05/ibm-retirement-fund-sells-36128-shares-of-conagra-brands-inc-cag.html. Several equities research analysts have recently issued reports on CAG shares. Deutsche Bank AG started coverage on shares of Conagra Brands in a research report on Wednesday, February 15th. They set a “buy” rating and a $46.00 price objective for the company. Sanford C. Bernstein downgraded shares of Conagra Brands from a “market perform” rating to an “underperform” rating and set a $36.00 price objective for the company. in a research report on Tuesday, March 21st. Zacks Investment Research downgraded shares of Conagra Brands from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating in a research report on Monday, May 22nd. Royal Bank of Canada increased their price objective on shares of Conagra Brands from $42.00 to $45.00 and gave the stock a “buy” rating in a research report on Friday, March 24th. Finally, JPMorgan Chase & Co. reduced their target price on shares of Conagra Brands from $45.00 to $44.00 and set an “overweight” rating for the company in a report on Wednesday, May 31st. One research analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, four have assigned a hold rating and eight have issued a buy rating to the stock. The stock currently has an average rating of “Buy” and a consensus price target of $44.76. In other Conagra Brands news, Director Ruth Ann Marshall sold 6,046 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction on Wednesday, March 29th. The shares were sold at an average price of $40.61, for a total transaction of $245,528.06. The sale was disclosed in a document filed with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is accessible through the SEC website. Insiders own 0.58% of the company’s stock. Conagra Brands Company Profile Conagra Brands, Inc, formerly ConAgra Foods, Inc, operates as a packaged food company. The Company operates through two segments: Consumer Foods and Commercial Foods. The Company sells branded and customized food products, as well as commercially branded foods. It also supplies vegetable, spice and grain products to a range of restaurants, foodservice operators and commercial customers. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding CAG? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Conagra Brands Inc (NYSE:CAG). Receive News & Ratings for Conagra Brands Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Conagra Brands Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Trump’s Tweets Complicate Already Complicated Week World Leaders Very Critical of Paris Agreement Decision by Trump Aide to President Trump Resigns With More Expected Scud-Class Missile Launched by North Korea Travel Ban Dealt Another Blow by Appeals Court © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Sony Corp - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Sony Corp with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Envision Healthcare Co. (EVHC) Earns “Buy” Rating from Royal Bank of Canada Western Digital Corp (WDC) Rating Reiterated by Mizuho Sprint Corp (S) Bonds Trading 1.5% Higher Somewhat Positive Media Coverage Unlikely to Impact Pinnacle Financial Partners (PNFP) Stock Price Somewhat Positive Media Coverage Unlikely to Impact Quintiles IMS Holdings (Q) Share Price BMO Capital Markets Upgrades bluebird bio Inc (BLUE) to “Outperform” Wheaton Precious Metals Corp (SLW) Getting Somewhat Positive Media Coverage, Analysis Finds Zacks: Brokerages Anticipate Tenet Healthcare Corp (THC) Will Post Earnings of -$0.21 Per Share Arista Networks Inc (ANET) Director Daniel Scheinman Sells 833 Shares of Stock Graphic Packaging Holding Company (GPK) Director G Andrea Botta Sells 10,982 Shares Alexander & Baldwin Inc (ALEX) Director Stanley M. Kuriyama Sells 4,250 Shares Royal Gold, Inc (RGLD) CFO Stefan Wenger Sells 2,000 Shares of Stock Genworth MI Canada Inc (MIC) Director Neil Reginald Parkinson Purchases 4,800 Shares $496.02 Million in Sales Expected for Genesis Energy, L.P. (GEL) This Quarter Zacks: Analysts Anticipate Michael Kors Holdings Ltd (KORS) to Post $0.62 EPS Singapore Technologies Telemedia Pte Ltd Maintains 43.1% Stake in GDS Holdings Ltd – (GDS) WestRock (WRK) vs. Multi Packaging Solutions Intrntnl (MPSX) Critical Review 5.5% Stake of Invesco Pennsylvania Value Mncpl Incm Tr (VPV) Owned by Rbc Capital Markets, LLC City Office REIT Inc (CIO) Receives $14.88 Average Price Target from Analysts Recent Investment Analysts’ Ratings Updates for Kite Pharma (KITE) Sony Corp (SNE) Shares Bought by Envestnet Asset Management Inc. June 5th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Tyrone Williams Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Envestnet Asset Management Inc. boosted its position in Sony Corp (NYSE:SNE) by 6.0% during the first quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The fund owned 48,690 shares of the company’s stock after buying an additional 2,776 shares during the period. Envestnet Asset Management Inc.’s holdings in Sony Corp were worth $1,643,000 at the end of the most recent quarter. A number of other hedge funds have also recently added to or reduced their stakes in the company. Harel Insurance Investments & Financial Services Ltd. bought a new position in Sony Corp during the first quarter valued at $151,000. Eastern Bank bought a new position in Sony Corp during the first quarter valued at $202,000. Raymond James Trust N.A. bought a new position in Sony Corp during the first quarter valued at $205,000. Quadrant Capital Group LLC increased its position in Sony Corp by 154.9% in the first quarter. Quadrant Capital Group LLC now owns 6,195 shares of the company’s stock valued at $198,000 after buying an additional 3,765 shares in the last quarter. Finally, National Asset Management Inc. bought a new position in Sony Corp during the third quarter valued at $222,000. 6.53% of the stock is currently owned by institutional investors and hedge funds. Shares of Sony Corp (NYSE:SNE) traded up 0.21% during trading on Monday, reaching $37.83. The company’s stock had a trading volume of 167,046 shares. The stock has a 50 day moving average of $34.90 and a 200-day moving average of $31.64. The company has a market capitalization of $47.77 billion, a PE ratio of 74.18 and a beta of 1.97. Sony Corp has a 1-year low of $26.84 and a 1-year high of $37.83. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY WARNING: This story was reported by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are accessing this story on another publication, it was copied illegally and reposted in violation of U.S. and international trademark and copyright legislation. The original version of this story can be viewed at https://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/06/05/sony-corp-sne-shares-bought-by-envestnet-asset-management-inc.html. SNE has been the topic of several analyst reports. TheStreet raised Sony Corp from a “c+” rating to a “b-” rating in a research report on Tuesday, February 21st. Zacks Investment Research raised Sony Corp from a “strong sell” rating to a “hold” rating in a research report on Wednesday, February 8th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. raised Sony Corp from a “neutral” rating to an “overweight” rating in a research report on Friday, April 21st. Sanford C. Bernstein initiated coverage on Sony Corp in a research report on Tuesday, April 25th. They set an “outperform” rating and a $41.00 target price on the stock. Finally, Goldman Sachs Group Inc reissued a “conviction-buy” rating on shares of Sony Corp in a research report on Monday, May 1st. One research analyst has rated the stock with a hold rating, six have assigned a buy rating and one has given a strong buy rating to the company. The stock presently has a consensus rating of “Buy” and an average target price of $39.37. About Sony Corp Sony Corporation (Sony) is engaged in the development, design, manufacture and sale of various kinds of electronic equipment, instruments and devices for consumer, professional and industrial markets, as well as game consoles and software. The Company’s segments include Mobile Communications, Game & Network Services, Imaging Products & Solutions, Home Entertainment & Sound, Devices, Pictures, Music, Financial Services and All Other. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding SNE? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Sony Corp (NYSE:SNE). Receive News & Ratings for Sony Corp Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Sony Corp and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Trump’s Tweets Complicate Already Complicated Week World Leaders Very Critical of Paris Agreement Decision by Trump Aide to President Trump Resigns With More Expected Scud-Class Missile Launched by North Korea Travel Ban Dealt Another Blow by Appeals Court © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
facebook twitter youtube google-plus instagram soundcloud coub Applications RSS العربية ESP РУС DE FR ИНОТВ RTД RUPTLY RTQuestion more live 14:03 GMT, Jun 08, 2017 search Menu mobile News America UK Russian politics Business Sport Op-Edge In vision In motion RT360 Shows On-Air Talent More HomeBusiness Bitcoin rival ethereum hits record high rallying almost 3,000% this year Published time: 5 Jun, 2017 14:30 Edited time: 6 Jun, 2017 07:41 Get short URL © ethereumproject / Facebook The ethereum virtual currency reached an all-time high of $250.41 over the weekend amid growing interest in digital assets and increased trade in Asia. The value of ethereum is currently 30 times higher than the $8 price level it had on January 1. Read more Alternative cryptocurrency ether reaches rarefied air On Monday, the cryptocurrency was trading slightly off its record high, at $247.16 as of 1:00 pm GMT. According to industry website CryptoCompare, much of the trading volume in ethereum at the moment - around 38 percent - is coming from South Korea. It said there is increased rising interest from other regions as well. Ethereum’s total market cap currently stands at $21 billion. "All major Asian exchanges, including ours, are currently overwhelmed by the sudden growth in our client base and trading activity," Aurelien Menant, founder, and CEO of Gatecoin, a regulated bitcoin and ethereum exchange located in Hong Kong, told CNBC. "Specifically, requests for more ether trading pairs seem to be a common theme," he added. Among other factors boosting the digital currency’s price is the support from financial and technological communities. A group called the Enterprise Ethereum Alliance (EEA) was recently founded to connect large companies like Microsoft and JP Morgan to technology vendors. It will allow them to work on projects using the blockchain technology. Read more Russia wants to build a better bitcoin JPMorgan is already working on implementing its ethereum-based system to facilitate the transfer of funds between the company’s global branches. There has also been a surge in initial coin offerings (ICO) which is a new way for crypto start-ups to raise money. These ICOs have been worth tens of millions of dollars, and while many of the companies are based on the ethereum blockchain, that could help boost its price. An open-source computing platform ethereum was proposed in late 2013 by Russian cryptocurrency researcher and programmer Vitalik Buterin. Last week Buterin met Russian President Vladimir Putin at the St. Petersburg International Economic Forum. They had a brief conversation with Putin saying Russia’s future lies in developing the digital economy. Where to watch Schedule Where to watch Schedule News America UK Russian politics Business Sport Op-Edge More Live Where to watch In vision In motion RT360 Shows Schedule Business projects Legal disclaimer Privacy policy Feedback About us Vacancies Contact info On-Air Talent RT NEWS APP Android iOS Windows phone Windows 8 العربية Español Русский Deutsch Français ИНОТВ RTД RUPTLY Applications RSS facebook twitter youtube google-plus instagram soundcloud coub © Autonomous Nonprofit Organization “TV-Novosti”, 2005–2017. All rights reserved.
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Nucor Co. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Nucor Co. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Spark Investment Management LLC Invests $1.88 Million in North American Energy Partners Inc.(USA) (NOA) Renewable Energy Group Inc (REGI) Director Buys $55,700.00 in Stock Alliancebernstein L.P. Decreases Stake in Essex Property Trust Inc (ESS) Trueblue Inc (TBI) Position Raised by Alliancebernstein L.P. Cadence Capital Management LLC Has $762,000 Stake in Leggett & Platt, Inc. (LEG) Cadence Capital Management LLC Increases Stake in Comerica Incorporated (CMA) Coach Inc (COH) Stake Maintained by Ariel Investments LLC Cadence Capital Management LLC Lowers Stake in Six Flags Entertainment Corp (SIX) Ariel Investments LLC Increases Stake in Nordstrom, Inc. (JWN) Cadence Capital Management LLC Invests $668,000 in Concho Resources Inc (CXO) Cadence Capital Management LLC Takes Position in Humana Inc (HUM) Ariel Investments LLC Has $38.29 Million Stake in Blackstone Group LP (BX) DISH Network Corp (DISH) Stake Boosted by Cadence Capital Management LLC Concho Resources Inc (CXO) Stake Reduced by Alliancebernstein L.P. Alliancebernstein L.P. Sells 165,254 Shares of Southwest Gas Holdings Inc (SWX) Approach Resources (AREX) Given Media Impact Rating of -0.03 Achillion Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (ACHN) Expected to Announce Earnings of -$0.16 Per Share Comparing Xilinx (XLNX) and Sequans Communications SA (SQNS) Digital Turbine (APPS) Earns Daily News Impact Rating of -0.05 Archrock Partners (APLP) Earning Somewhat Critical Media Coverage, Study Finds Savant Capital LLC Has $256,000 Stake in Nucor Co. (NUE) June 5th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Stacy Sanders Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Savant Capital LLC raised its position in shares of Nucor Co. (NYSE:NUE) by 1.3% during the first quarter, according to its most recent filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission. The institutional investor owned 4,281 shares of the basic materials company’s stock after buying an additional 55 shares during the period. Savant Capital LLC’s holdings in Nucor were worth $256,000 at the end of the most recent quarter. Other hedge funds and other institutional investors have also added to or reduced their stakes in the company. D.A. Davidson & CO. increased its position in Nucor by 6.4% in the third quarter. D.A. Davidson & CO. now owns 67,847 shares of the basic materials company’s stock worth $3,353,000 after buying an additional 4,061 shares during the last quarter. OLD Republic International Corp increased its position in Nucor by 14.3% in the third quarter. OLD Republic International Corp now owns 879,500 shares of the basic materials company’s stock worth $39,332,000 after buying an additional 110,000 shares during the last quarter. LPL Financial LLC acquired a new position in Nucor during the third quarter worth approximately $4,435,000. Lombard Odier Asset Management USA Corp acquired a new position in Nucor during the third quarter worth approximately $2,337,000. Finally, Lombard Odier Asset Management Europe Ltd acquired a new position in Nucor during the third quarter worth approximately $270,000. Institutional investors and hedge funds own 76.41% of the company’s stock. Nucor Co. (NYSE:NUE) traded up 1.02% during mid-day trading on Monday, reaching $59.30. The company’s stock had a trading volume of 281,197 shares. The firm has a 50-day moving average of $58.98 and a 200-day moving average of $60.73. The stock has a market capitalization of $18.92 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 17.87 and a beta of 1.45. Nucor Co. has a 52 week low of $44.81 and a 52 week high of $68.00. Nucor (NYSE:NUE) last announced its quarterly earnings data on Thursday, April 20th. The basic materials company reported $1.11 earnings per share for the quarter, missing the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of $1.14 by $0.03. The firm had revenue of $4.82 billion during the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $4.67 billion. Nucor had a net margin of 4.53% and a return on equity of 9.32%. The firm’s quarterly revenue was up 29.6% compared to the same quarter last year. During the same period in the prior year, the firm earned $0.27 earnings per share. On average, equities research analysts expect that Nucor Co. will post $4.50 earnings per share for the current year. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY WARNING: “Savant Capital LLC Has $256,000 Stake in Nucor Co. (NUE)” was originally published by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are reading this article on another site, it was illegally copied and republished in violation of United States & international trademark and copyright legislation. The legal version of this article can be read at https://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/06/05/savant-capital-llc-has-256000-stake-in-nucor-co-nue.html. A number of research firms have recently commented on NUE. Deutsche Bank AG increased their price objective on Nucor from $73.00 to $75.00 and gave the company a “buy” rating in a report on Tuesday, March 21st. Zacks Investment Research downgraded Nucor from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating in a research note on Monday, February 20th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. raised their price target on Nucor from $70.00 to $75.00 and gave the stock an “overweight” rating in a research note on Wednesday, March 22nd. Morgan Stanley upgraded Nucor from an “equal weight” rating to an “overweight” rating and set a $78.00 price target on the stock in a research note on Monday, February 13th. Finally, Barclays PLC restated a “buy” rating and set a $73.00 price target on shares of Nucor in a research note on Friday, May 5th. Six investment analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and eleven have given a buy rating to the stock. Nucor presently has a consensus rating of “Buy” and a consensus target price of $68.97. In other news, CFO James D. Frias sold 52,631 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Wednesday, March 15th. The stock was sold at an average price of $62.57, for a total transaction of $3,293,121.67. Following the completion of the transaction, the chief financial officer now directly owns 174,037 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $10,889,495.09. The transaction was disclosed in a filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which can be accessed through the SEC website. Also, Director Victoria F. Haynes sold 3,000 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Thursday, April 27th. The shares were sold at an average price of $61.52, for a total value of $184,560.00. Following the transaction, the director now directly owns 33,703 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $2,073,408.56. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Over the last three months, insiders sold 67,863 shares of company stock valued at $4,231,173. 0.63% of the stock is owned by corporate insiders. Nucor Company Profile Nucor Corporation (Nucor) manufactures steel and steel products. The Company produces direct reduced iron (DRI) for use in its steel mills. It operates in three segments: steel mills, steel products and raw materials. The steel mills segment produces and distributes sheet steel (hot-rolled, cold-rolled and galvanized), plate steel, structural steel (wide-flange beams, beam blanks, H-piling and sheet piling) and bar steel (blooms, billets, concrete reinforcing bar, merchant bar, wire rod and special bar quality). Want to see what other hedge funds are holding NUE? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Nucor Co. (NYSE:NUE). Receive News & Ratings for Nucor Co. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Nucor Co. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Trump’s Tweets Complicate Already Complicated Week World Leaders Very Critical of Paris Agreement Decision by Trump Aide to President Trump Resigns With More Expected Scud-Class Missile Launched by North Korea Travel Ban Dealt Another Blow by Appeals Court © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Genocea Biosciences Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Genocea Biosciences Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Marcus & Millichap Inc (MMI) Downgraded to “Hold” at ValuEngine MEDNAX Inc (MD) Downgraded by ValuEngine to “Hold” Murphy Oil Co. (MUR) Lowered to Sell at ValuEngine Magna International Inc. (MGA) Downgraded to “Buy” at ValuEngine MGIC Investment Corp. (MTG) Upgraded by ValuEngine to “Strong-Buy” Rafferty Asset Management LLC Raises Stake in Nasdaq Inc (NDAQ) LMR Partners LLP Takes Position in Las Vegas Sands Corp. (LVS) West Corp (WSTC) Insider Sells $26,854.00 in Stock Tesla Inc (TSLA) Shares Sold by Rafferty Asset Management LLC Suncor Energy Inc. (SU) Position Lowered by Credit Agricole S A Chicago Partners Investment Group LLC Purchases 10,114 Shares of Arthur J Gallagher & Co (AJG) Municipal Employees Retirement System of Michigan Acquires 600 Shares of Live Nation Entertainment, Inc. (LYV) Municipal Employees Retirement System of Michigan Purchases 270 Shares of Fair Isaac Co. (FICO) Clean Energy Fuels Corp (CLNE) SVP Buys $22,600.00 in Stock Municipal Employees Retirement System of Michigan Holds Position in Hain Celestial Group Inc (HAIN) Gran Tierra Energy Inc (GTE) Insider Buys C$30,315.00 in Stock BB&T Securities LLC Has $694,000 Position in Crh Plc (CRH) Rafferty Asset Management LLC Takes Position in DST Systems, Inc. (DST) Insider Buying: Blackline Safety Corp (BLN) Director Buys C$22,570.00 in Stock Blackrock New Jersey Municipal Bond Trst (BLJ) Getting Favorable Media Coverage, AlphaOne Reports Genocea Biosciences Inc (GNCA) Upgraded at Zacks Investment Research June 5th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Latisha Jones Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Finance Tweet Zacks Investment Research upgraded shares of Genocea Biosciences Inc (NASDAQ:GNCA) from a hold rating to a buy rating in a research note released on Wednesday morning. They currently have $6.75 target price on the biotechnology company’s stock. According to Zacks, “Genocea Biosciences, Inc. is involved in developing vaccines. The company’s proprietary discovery platform consists of AnTigen Lead Acquisition System which designs vaccines that stimulate T cell immunity. Its product portfolio which are in different clinical trials consist of GEN-003, HSV-2 infections, GEN-004 and HSV-2 prophylaxis and malaria. Genocea Biosciences, Inc. is headquartered in Cambridge, Massachusetts. “ Separately, Needham & Company LLC lowered Genocea Biosciences from a buy rating to a hold rating in a research note on Friday, February 17th. One analyst has rated the stock with a hold rating and five have given a buy rating to the company’s stock. The stock presently has an average rating of Buy and an average target price of $15.98. Genocea Biosciences (GNCA) opened at 6.25 on Wednesday. The stock’s 50 day moving average is $6.29 and its 200 day moving average is $5.17. Genocea Biosciences has a 12 month low of $3.28 and a 12 month high of $7.29. The firm’s market cap is $178.14 million. Genocea Biosciences (NASDAQ:GNCA) last announced its quarterly earnings results on Thursday, May 4th. The biotechnology company reported ($0.48) earnings per share for the quarter, beating analysts’ consensus estimates of ($0.54) by $0.06. On average, equities analysts forecast that Genocea Biosciences will post ($1.89) earnings per share for the current year. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY NOTICE: “Genocea Biosciences Inc (GNCA) Upgraded at Zacks Investment Research” was first published by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are accessing this piece on another site, it was illegally copied and republished in violation of international copyright and trademark laws. The correct version of this piece can be read at https://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/06/05/genocea-biosciences-inc-gnca-upgraded-at-zacks-investment-research.html. Hedge funds have recently bought and sold shares of the stock. Ameriprise Financial Inc. raised its stake in Genocea Biosciences by 34.1% in the first quarter. Ameriprise Financial Inc. now owns 19,933 shares of the biotechnology company’s stock worth $121,000 after buying an additional 5,068 shares during the last quarter. Keybank National Association OH bought a new stake in Genocea Biosciences during the first quarter worth approximately $147,000. Segantii Capital Management Ltd bought a new stake in Genocea Biosciences during the first quarter worth approximately $160,000. Dimensional Fund Advisors LP raised its stake in Genocea Biosciences by 5.2% in the fourth quarter. Dimensional Fund Advisors LP now owns 51,350 shares of the biotechnology company’s stock worth $212,000 after buying an additional 2,558 shares during the last quarter. Finally, JPMorgan Chase & Co. bought a new stake in Genocea Biosciences during the first quarter worth approximately $217,000. 54.62% of the stock is currently owned by institutional investors and hedge funds. Genocea Biosciences Company Profile Genocea Biosciences, Inc, is harnessing the power of T cell immunity to develop vaccines and immunotherapies company. The Company uses its discovery platform, AnTigen Lead Acquisition System (ATLAS), to design vaccines and immunotherapies that act, in part, through T cell (or cellular) immune responses. Get a free copy of the Zacks research report on Genocea Biosciences (GNCA) For more information about research offerings from Zacks Investment Research, visit Zacks.com Receive News & Ratings for Genocea Biosciences Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Genocea Biosciences Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Trump’s Tweets Complicate Already Complicated Week World Leaders Very Critical of Paris Agreement Decision by Trump Aide to President Trump Resigns With More Expected Scud-Class Missile Launched by North Korea Travel Ban Dealt Another Blow by Appeals Court © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Morgan Stanley - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Morgan Stanley with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Liberty Sirius XM Group (LSXMA) Position Maintained by Simcoe Capital Management LLC Simcoe Capital Management LLC Holds Position in Sabre Corp (SABR) Equity Residential (EQR) Insider Sells $1,856,391.01 in Stock Massachusetts Financial Services Co. MA Has $243.44 Million Position in Amdocs Limited (DOX) New Vernon Investment Management LLC Has $3,490,000 Position in Old Republic International Co. (ORI) Urban Outfitters, Inc. (URBN) Position Cut by Massachusetts Financial Services Co. MA New Vernon Investment Management LLC Has $1,640,000 Stake in Aspen Insurance Holdings Limited (AHL) Massachusetts Financial Services Co. MA Buys 555,593 Shares of Berry Global Group Inc (BERY) Cleararc Capital Inc. Buys 78 Shares of Kimco Realty Corp (KIM) Insider Selling: Steris PLC (STE) CEO Sells 10,000 Shares of Stock CWA Asset Management Group LLC Decreases Position in Kirby Co. (KEX) Robert F. Diromualdo Sells 20,000 Shares of Ulta Beauty Inc (ULTA) Stock Plains GP Holdings LP (PAGP) Position Maintained by CWA Asset Management Group LLC Massachusetts Financial Services Co. MA Invests $167.32 Million in Panera Bread Co (PNRA) Spectra Energy Partners, LP (SEP) Shares Sold by New Vernon Investment Management LLC HDFC Bank Limited (HDB) is New Vernon Capital Holdings II LLC’s 9th Largest Position Massachusetts Financial Services Co. MA Lowers Position in XL Group Ltd. (XL) CWA Asset Management Group LLC Acquires 3,300 Shares of Ship Finance International Limited (SFL) Massachusetts Financial Services Co. MA Buys 211,209 Shares of Medical Properties Trust, Inc. (MPW) Wesco Aircraft Holdings Inc (WAIR) Director Thomas Bancroft Purchases 246,510 Shares CIBC World Markets Inc. Has $14.18 Million Position in Morgan Stanley (MS) June 5th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Trevor Kearing Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet CIBC World Markets Inc. boosted its position in Morgan Stanley (NYSE:MS) by 1.5% during the first quarter, according to its most recent disclosure with the Securities and Exchange Commission. The firm owned 331,075 shares of the financial services provider’s stock after buying an additional 4,956 shares during the period. CIBC World Markets Inc.’s holdings in Morgan Stanley were worth $14,183,000 at the end of the most recent quarter. Other large investors have also recently modified their holdings of the company. FMR LLC increased its stake in shares of Morgan Stanley by 43.5% in the fourth quarter. FMR LLC now owns 39,529,310 shares of the financial services provider’s stock worth $1,670,114,000 after buying an additional 11,986,512 shares during the last quarter. Norges Bank purchased a new stake in shares of Morgan Stanley during the fourth quarter worth about $346,891,000. State Street Corp increased its stake in shares of Morgan Stanley by 4.2% in the fourth quarter. State Street Corp now owns 162,752,027 shares of the financial services provider’s stock worth $6,876,272,000 after buying an additional 6,517,260 shares during the last quarter. TD Asset Management Inc. increased its stake in shares of Morgan Stanley by 180.2% in the first quarter. TD Asset Management Inc. now owns 4,397,412 shares of the financial services provider’s stock worth $188,385,000 after buying an additional 2,827,765 shares during the last quarter. Finally, Asset Management One Co. Ltd. increased its stake in shares of Morgan Stanley by 1,530.7% in the fourth quarter. Asset Management One Co. Ltd. now owns 2,509,476 shares of the financial services provider’s stock worth $106,006,000 after buying an additional 2,355,588 shares during the last quarter. 85.87% of the stock is owned by institutional investors and hedge funds. Shares of Morgan Stanley (NYSE MS) opened at 42.52 on Monday. Morgan Stanley has a 1-year low of $23.11 and a 1-year high of $47.33. The stock has a market capitalization of $78.65 billion, a PE ratio of 12.61 and a beta of 1.80. The firm has a 50-day moving average of $42.70 and a 200 day moving average of $43.23. Morgan Stanley (NYSE:MS) last posted its quarterly earnings results on Wednesday, April 19th. The financial services provider reported $1.00 earnings per share for the quarter, topping the Zacks’ consensus estimate of $0.90 by $0.10. The business had revenue of $9.75 billion during the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $9.29 billion. Morgan Stanley had a net margin of 15.76% and a return on equity of 8.48%. The company’s revenue was up 25.1% on a year-over-year basis. During the same period in the prior year, the business posted $0.55 earnings per share. Analysts predict that Morgan Stanley will post $3.47 EPS for the current year. The company also recently declared a quarterly dividend, which was paid on Monday, May 15th. Shareholders of record on Monday, May 1st were given a $0.20 dividend. The ex-dividend date of this dividend was Thursday, April 27th. This represents a $0.80 dividend on an annualized basis and a dividend yield of 1.88%. Morgan Stanley’s payout ratio is currently 27.40%. TRADEMARK VIOLATION NOTICE: “CIBC World Markets Inc. Has $14.18 Million Position in Morgan Stanley (MS)” was originally published by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are viewing this story on another publication, it was copied illegally and republished in violation of US & international trademark and copyright legislation. The original version of this story can be viewed at https://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/06/05/cibc-world-markets-inc-has-14-18-million-position-in-morgan-stanley-ms.html. MS has been the subject of a number of research reports. Compass Point downgraded shares of Morgan Stanley from a “neutral” rating to a “sell” rating and set a $34.00 target price for the company. in a research report on Monday, March 27th. They noted that the move was a valuation call. Vetr downgraded shares of Morgan Stanley from a “hold” rating to a “sell” rating and set a $39.48 target price for the company. in a research report on Monday, March 27th. HSBC Holdings plc reissued a “neutral” rating and set a $45.00 target price on shares of Morgan Stanley in a research report on Tuesday, April 25th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. reissued a “buy” rating on shares of Morgan Stanley in a research report on Thursday, March 30th. Finally, Deutsche Bank AG raised shares of Morgan Stanley from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and increased their target price for the company from $42.49 to $47.00 in a research report on Wednesday, March 29th. One equities research analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, nine have given a hold rating, nineteen have given a buy rating and one has given a strong buy rating to the stock. The company currently has an average rating of “Buy” and an average target price of $42.20. In other Morgan Stanley news, Chairman James P. Gorman sold 212,365 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Wednesday, May 10th. The shares were sold at an average price of $42.93, for a total value of $9,116,829.45. Following the completion of the transaction, the chairman now directly owns 1,389,378 shares in the company, valued at $59,645,997.54. The transaction was disclosed in a document filed with the SEC, which is accessible through the SEC website. Corporate insiders own 0.35% of the company’s stock. About Morgan Stanley Morgan Stanley is a financial holding company. The Company’s segments include Institutional Securities, Wealth Management and Investment Management. The Company’s Institutional Securities business segment provides investment banking, sales and trading, and other services to corporations, governments, financial institutions and high-to-ultra high net worth clients. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding MS? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Morgan Stanley (NYSE:MS). Receive News & Ratings for Morgan Stanley Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Morgan Stanley and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Trump’s Tweets Complicate Already Complicated Week World Leaders Very Critical of Paris Agreement Decision by Trump Aide to President Trump Resigns With More Expected Scud-Class Missile Launched by North Korea Travel Ban Dealt Another Blow by Appeals Court © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Servicemaster Global Holdings Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Servicemaster Global Holdings Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Mattersight Corp (MATR) Director Tench Coxe Buys 225,253 Shares Sun Hydraulics Co. (SNHY) Director Christine L. Koski Sells 24,300 Shares Commercewest Bank Com (CWBK) Lifted to Hold at Zacks Investment Research Intuitive Surgical, Inc. (ISRG) EVP Salvatore Brogna Sells 1,306 Shares QUALCOMM, Inc. (QCOM) President Derek K. Aberle Sells 22,251 Shares Midland States Bancorp Inc (MSBI) EVP Jeffrey S. Mefford Sells 25,000 Shares of Stock Novozymes A/S – (NVZMY) Receives $47.50 Average Price Target from Analysts Kering Unspon (PPRUY) Given Consensus Rating of “Strong Buy” by Analysts Somewhat Favorable Press Coverage Likely to Affect CSP (CSPI) Share Price Somewhat Favorable Media Coverage Likely to Impact Dicks Sporting Goods (DKS) Share Price Brinker International (EAT) Getting Somewhat Favorable News Coverage, Analysis Shows South Dakota Investment Council Sells 2,170 Shares of Canadian Natural Resource Ltd (CNQ) South Dakota Investment Council Has $3,894,000 Stake in Molina Healthcare, Inc. (MOH) Kennametal Inc. (KMT) Shares Sold by South Dakota Investment Council South Dakota Investment Council Has $3.49 Million Position in Esterline Technologies Co. (ESL) Cowen Group Inc. Has $570,000 Stake in Boardwalk Pipeline Partners, LP (BWP) Banco BTG Pactual S.A. Invests $297,000 in Entegris Inc (ENTG) Banco BTG Pactual S.A. Lowers Position in Nice Ltd (NICE) Banco BTG Pactual S.A. Invests $341,000 in Tenaris SA (TS) CalAtlantic Group Inc (CAA) Stake Held by South Dakota Investment Council Servicemaster Global Holdings (SERV) Receiving Somewhat Favorable Press Coverage, Report Shows June 5th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Latisha Jones Filed Under: Finance - News Sentiment Articles Tweet News stories about Servicemaster Global Holdings (NYSE:SERV) have trended somewhat positive this week, AlphaOne Sentiment reports. The research group, a service of Accern, ranks the sentiment of news coverage by analyzing more than 20 million news and blog sources. AlphaOne ranks coverage of companies on a scale of -1 to 1, with scores nearest to one being the most favorable. Servicemaster Global Holdings earned a media sentiment score of 0.12 on AlphaOne’s scale. AlphaOne also assigned press coverage about the business services provider an impact score of 0 out of 100, meaning that recent news coverage is extremely unlikely to have an effect on the stock’s share price in the next several days. These are some of the media headlines that may have impacted AlphaOne Sentiment’s analysis: Servicemaster Global Holdings Inc (SERV) Receives $43.40 Consensus PT from Analysts (giftedviz.com) As Summer Begins, Cities Abuzz With Mosquito Complaints (finance.yahoo.com) $789.93 Million in Sales Expected for Servicemaster Global Holdings Inc (SERV) This Quarter (americanbankingnews.com) Zacks: Brokerages Anticipate Servicemaster Global Holdings Inc (SERV) Will Announce Earnings of $0.70 Per Share (americanbankingnews.com) Servicemaster Global Holdings (SERV) opened at 39.12 on Monday. The firm has a market capitalization of $5.24 billion, a PE ratio of 34.62 and a beta of 1.02. Servicemaster Global Holdings has a 1-year low of $32.41 and a 1-year high of $42.45. The company’s 50-day moving average is $38.59 and its 200 day moving average is $38.71. Servicemaster Global Holdings (NYSE:SERV) last released its quarterly earnings data on Thursday, April 27th. The business services provider reported $0.34 EPS for the quarter, missing the Zacks’ consensus estimate of $0.38 by $0.04. Servicemaster Global Holdings had a return on equity of 44.95% and a net margin of 5.23%. The company had revenue of $643 million for the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $638.52 million. During the same period last year, the firm earned $0.34 earnings per share. The company’s revenue for the quarter was up 5.8% compared to the same quarter last year. On average, equities analysts expect that Servicemaster Global Holdings will post $2.15 EPS for the current fiscal year. Several equities analysts recently commented on SERV shares. Zacks Investment Research upgraded shares of Servicemaster Global Holdings from a “sell” rating to a “hold” rating in a research note on Thursday, April 13th. Piper Jaffray Companies reiterated an “overweight” rating and set a $49.00 target price on shares of Servicemaster Global Holdings in a research note on Thursday, April 6th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. started coverage on shares of Servicemaster Global Holdings in a research note on Thursday, April 20th. They set an “overweight” rating and a $49.00 target price for the company. Finally, Instinet upped their target price on shares of Servicemaster Global Holdings from $30.00 to $32.00 and gave the company a “reduce” rating in a research note on Thursday, May 25th. Two research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, one has issued a hold rating and five have issued a buy rating to the company’s stock. The stock has an average rating of “Hold” and an average price target of $42.00. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION NOTICE: “Servicemaster Global Holdings (SERV) Receiving Somewhat Favorable Press Coverage, Report Shows” was originally reported by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are reading this news story on another publication, it was stolen and reposted in violation of United States & international copyright laws. The original version of this news story can be accessed at https://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/06/05/servicemaster-global-holdings-serv-receiving-somewhat-favorable-press-coverage-report-shows.html. In other news, SVP Susan Hunsberger sold 16,666 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction dated Wednesday, March 8th. The shares were sold at an average price of $40.05, for a total value of $667,473.30. Following the completion of the sale, the senior vice president now owns 28,313 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $1,133,935.65. The sale was disclosed in a document filed with the SEC, which is available at this hyperlink. Also, insider Timothy M. Haynes sold 6,265 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction dated Friday, March 10th. The shares were sold at an average price of $40.15, for a total transaction of $251,539.75. Following the completion of the sale, the insider now directly owns 17,335 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $696,000.25. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Insiders own 1.40% of the company’s stock. About Servicemaster Global Holdings ServiceMaster Global Holdings, Inc is a provider of essential residential and commercial services. The Company operates through three segments: Terminix, American Home Shield and the Franchise Services Group. Its portfolio of brands includes Terminix, American Home Shield, ServiceMaster Restore, ServiceMaster Clean, Merry Maids, Furniture Medic and AmeriSpec. Receive News & Ratings for Servicemaster Global Holdings Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Servicemaster Global Holdings Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Trump’s Tweets Complicate Already Complicated Week World Leaders Very Critical of Paris Agreement Decision by Trump Aide to President Trump Resigns With More Expected Scud-Class Missile Launched by North Korea Travel Ban Dealt Another Blow by Appeals Court © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
gulfnews.com no longer supports Internet Explorer 8 or earlier. Please upgrade your browser.LEARN MORE ? Enter your keyword sign inorRegister now Mobile Site GN Network Friday The most read magazine in the UAE. Lively, intelligent and thought-provoking. GN Focus Focused reports on events, business and lifestyle. In depth, insightful, influential. Inside Out An inspiring home interiors magazine showcasing the best interior design. tabloid! The No. 1 source for entertainment, lifestyle & fashion in the UAE. Weekend Review In-depth look at issues behind the news, with sections on people, books and art. Wheels A weekly motoring magazine packed with the latest local and global motoring news, reviews and views. GNTECH Gadget soup for the techy soul. News and reviews with our own irreverent spin Baby & Child From pregnancy to playdates in the UAE Gulf News Store Buy latest products from our online store Classifieds Autos Get the car you’ve always wanted Property Your ideal home is within easy reach Jobs The next step in your career Classifieds Finding, buying & selling made easy Apps App for iPhone The official Gulf News app tailored for iOs phones App for Android Mobile The official Gulf News app tailored for Android phones App for iPad Gulf News made highly readable for Apple's iPad Gulf News mobile Fast, lightweight, perfect for mobile browsing SMS alerts The fastest way to find out about breaking stories Cricket App Live cricket action direct to your phone Good Living App Hundreds of offers direct to your phone Subscribe Gulf News Subscribe Now Xpress Subscribe Now Inside Out Subscribe Now Wheels Subscribe Now Baby & Child Subscribe Now Quick Links E-Paper Digital version of today’s newspaper, exactly as it is in print. Mobile Version The fast and light-weight mobile version of GulfNews.com. Advertising Guide Get your brand seen in the region's most read newspaper. SMS News Alerts The fastest way to hear about major breaking stories. Goodliving 100s of offers, half price deals, 2 for 1s - and more. Contact Us Have something you want to tell us, a question, or complaint? Gulf News Store Buy latest products from our online store SHARES COMPANIES June 8, 2017 | Last updated less than one minute ago usd---- 24KGold-- oil--   Hot Topics: Ramadan 2017 War of 1967 UAE holidays Gold Rate Weather Horoscope The GN Store UAE News Business Business Podcast Data Commodities Currencies top stories in Data Why gold fans should brace for higher prices Gold hits biggest fall since March Dubai gold prices spike, up Dh10/gram Gold Rate Sectors24 Markets17 Automotives2 Banking5 Construction Employment Features1 General Investment1 Media Careers2 Energy54 Retail4 Shipping1 Technology7 Telecoms Tourism top stories in Sectors A tech start-up boom in Iran Robots will change the nature of employment Egypt to submit draft investment regulations Aviation10 Live Flights top stories in Aviation Etihad breaks off talks with TUI for airline UAE closes airspace to Qatar flights Etihad Cargo signs MoU with Royal Air Maroc Economy16 Property8 GN Property top stories in Property Municipality meets developers in Dubai Real estate litigation and arbitration Real estate data: The bedrock of progress Money1 Dirhams and Dollars1 Visas Analysis5 1 Sport Opinion Leisure Life&Style Culture Guides Multimedia Your Say In Focus BHP chief says in regular talks on future of US shale assets Company recognises it needs alternative strategies for some of the assets, particularly gas-focused operations, CEO said Published: 15:22 June 5, 2017 Bloomberg   SMALL MEDIUM LARGE Tokyo, Melbourne: BHP Billiton Ltd is holding discussions with competitors on the future of parts of its US shale business amid heightened scrutiny of the unit from shareholders, including activist investor Elliott Management Corp. The company recognises it needs alternative strategies for some of the assets, particularly gas-focused operations, Chief Executive Officer Andrew Mackenzie told reporters on Monday in Tokyo. The were multiple potential owners of the assets spread across the states of Texas, Arkansas and Louisiana, he said. “We are in regular dialogue with those natural owners as to whether or not we can form more collaboration to allow us to share facilities, to drill longer wells and therefore have higher-productivity wells,” Mackenzie said. “However, they may have a value of what we hold that’s significantly in excess of our estimates based on what we know we can do.” Melbourne-based BHP would be prepared to discuss potential sales of US shale assets, which were acquired in about $20 billion (Dh73.4 billion) of deals in 2011 and were too costly and poorly timed, Mackenzie said last month. The producer has previously flagged its intention to sell parts of a Texas gasfield and a potential exit from its Fayetteville shale gas assets in Arkansas. Assets in the Delaware Basin would appear to be a “strong strategic fit” for Anadarko Petroleum Corp, JPMorgan Chase & Co analysts wrote in a note last month. Tom Ward, co-founder of Chesapeake Energy Corp, said in an April interview he may be interested in reviewing the Fayetteville operations with new company Mach Resources. “We are reducing our footprint and long-term aspirations for our shale business and moving back to creating more options for growth in our conventional business,” Mackenzie told reporters. BHP’s entry into shale is among decisions that have drawn criticism from billionaire Paul Singer’s Elliott Management, which has also attacked BHP over failed exploration and poorly timed share buy-backs, which the fund contends have destroyed $40 billion in value. Elliott has proposed a spin-off of all US oil and gas assets and last month called for an independent review of BHP’s $22.5 billion petroleum division. “We are continually reviewing the fit, the shape and the strategy of our petroleum business at board level and in regular discussion with our major shareholders,” Mackenzie said in Tokyo. BHP, the world’s biggest miner, examines all parts of its portfolio, and goes “way beyond what has been brought to our attention by Elliott,” he said. Mackenzie, who met with Elliott representatives in Barcelona last month, declined to say whether he plans to hold further talks in future with the fund. More from Companies Alibaba sales forecast tops all estimates 01:26 pm Emaar to sell 30% of UAE property business Trafigura says Gulf crisis has not hit gas trade tags from this storyUnited States follow this tag on MGN filed underGulfNewsBusinessCompanies tagsUnited States follow this tag on MGN+ MGN Also In CompaniesAlibaba sales forecast tops all estimates Business Gallery China Beijing International High-tech Expo opens Pictures: Apple launches new gadgets and updates Business Videos PlayAbu Dhabi Ship Building enjoys growing success Strata UAE leads aerospace manufacturing FOLLOW US Most Popular ViewedCommentedVideosPictures 01Emaar to sell 30% of UAE property business 02Building Maintenance Show to discuss regulations 03NMC Health seeks Saudi health care acquisitions Play Abu Dhabi Ship Building enjoys growing success Nov 24, 2016 Play Strata UAE leads aerospace manufacturing Oct 25, 2016 Play Video: Electronics fiesta as Gitex opens Oct 01, 2016 Play Emirates opens SkyPharma in Dubai Sep 18, 2016 13Images Mohammad launches Marsa Al Arab project May 15, 2017 7Images China Beijing International High-tech Expo opens Jun 08, 2017 8Images Massive development at Abu Dhabi airport Mar 11, 2017 11Images Etihad Airways offers residence in the sky May 04, 2014 Currency Converter first-currency currencyAEDDinarRupee= first-currency currencyINRDinarRupee World, UAE Markets Data OverviewGccEuropeAsiau.s. Last Chg % Chg Last Chg % Chg Last Chg % Chg Last Chg % Chg Last Chg % Chg 1d1 Wk1Mth1Qtr1Yr5Yr As on 2017-06-08 15:10:35 Currency Updates pair-currency Loading..No value Markets Currencies currenciesAgainst USDAgainst BHD Against EUR Against GBP Against PHILIPINE PESO Against SAR Against OMR Against QAR Against KWD Against AED Value % Change As on Events to watch Jun  2017 Mon Tue Wed Thu Fri Sat Sun 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 30 31 07 Jul07:00 PM AmCham Abu Dhabi - 4th of July CelebrationInterContinental Abu Dhabi United StatesUnited Arab Emirates 29 Jul02:00 PM Unite with Tomorrowland Live in Dubai Festival City Arena Dubai 30 Jul02:00 PM Unite with Tomorrowland Live in Dubai Festival City Arena Dubai Most Popular on Gulf News Saudi, UAE, Bahrain, Egypt cut Qatar ties How the Qatari crisis affects you Qatar sympathisers to face fine, jail UAE supports statements on Qatar An open letter to the Qatari emir Qatar ready for mediation to ease rift Gargash: We are fed up with Qatar's duplicity 4 UAE airlines cut flights to, from Doha Exposed: Qatar’s role in Brotherhood spread Close Recommended For You What's showing at the movies this weekPUBLISHED ON Jul 07, 2017 Ex-FBI chief Comey to testify on Trump, RussiaPUBLISHED ON Jun 08, 2017 Kuwait Ruler meets Qatar's Emir amid riftPUBLISHED ON Jun 08, 2017 Feedback Get The Paper Our Apps Mobile friendly version Our location Advanced Search Sitemap MY GULF NEWS GulfNews.com is the most widely read newspaper, and online site in English in the Middle East. With a daily BPA audited paid circulation of over 108,000, and an online audience of 3.5 million uniques every month, it is your go to source for information on the region. Sign up below to begin personalising your experienceRegister now News Business Sport Leisure Guides Opinion Multimedia In Focus Life&Style Culture Your Say Enter your keyword follow usRssFollow us on FacebookFollow us on TwitterFollow us on google plus Sign up for newsletterSign Up PreviousNext © Al Nisr Publishing LLC 2017. All rights reserved GN Media How to follow Gulf News History of GulfNews Key Dates Community Advertise Print Direct Marketing Digital About Gulf News Journalism ethics Ethics Policy Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Readers' Policy FAQs Open Calais Careers at Gulf News How to find Gulf News Contact Us Print Subscriptions MGN New GulfNews.com: A considerable step forward in terms of user experience
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Grupo Aeroportuario del Centro Nort - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Grupo Aeroportuario del Centro Nort with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Flex (FLEX) Earns News Impact Rating of -0.01 Franco Nevada Corp (FNV) Receiving Somewhat Positive Media Coverage, Study Finds Somewhat Favorable Media Coverage Somewhat Likely to Impact Madison Square Garden (MSG) Stock Price Utah Retirement Systems Has $1,757,000 Position in Raymond James Financial, Inc. (RJF) Utah Retirement Systems Maintains Position in HD Supply Holdings Inc (HDS) NGL Energy Partners LP (NGL) Director Highstar Capital Iv, L.P. Sells 200,000 Shares Somewhat Favorable News Coverage Very Unlikely to Impact Express (EXPR) Share Price Strategic Minerals PLC (SML) Insider Julien F. McInally Sells 1,000,000 Shares of Stock Utah Retirement Systems Lowers Position in Msci Inc (MSCI) W.P. Carey Inc. REIT (WPC) Shares Bought by Utah Retirement Systems Carpenter Technology (CRS) Receiving Somewhat Favorable News Coverage, Analysis Finds HCA Healthcare (HCA) Earning Somewhat Critical Media Coverage, Analysis Shows Freescale Semiconductor (FSL) Receiving Somewhat Favorable Press Coverage, Report Shows Fastenal Company (FAST) Earns Daily Media Impact Score of -0.03 USANA Health Sciences, Inc. (USNA) Director Myron W. Wentz Sells 40,000 Shares of Stock Landstar System, Inc. (LSTR) Stake Held by EULAV Asset Management Range Resources Corp. (RRC) Earning Somewhat Negative Press Coverage, Analysis Finds VMware, Inc. (VMW) Stake Held by Utah Retirement Systems Lendingtree Inc (TREE) Stake Held by EULAV Asset Management EULAV Asset Management Has $3.40 Million Stake in Science Applications International Corp (SAIC) Grupo Aeroportuario del Centro Nort (OMAB) Given News Sentiment Rating of 0.57 June 5th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Patrick Bannon Filed Under: Finance - News Sentiment Articles Tweet Press coverage about Grupo Aeroportuario del Centro Nort (NASDAQ:OMAB) has been trending very positive on Monday, according to Alpha One Sentiment. Alpha One, a unit of Accern, identifies negative and positive news coverage by monitoring more than twenty million blog and news sources in real-time. Alpha One ranks coverage of public companies on a scale of negative one to one, with scores nearest to one being the most favorable. Grupo Aeroportuario del Centro Nort earned a media sentiment score of 0.57 on Alpha One’s scale. Alpha One also gave media headlines about the transportation company an impact score of 0 out of 100, meaning that recent news coverage is extremely unlikely to have an effect on the stock’s share price in the next few days. Here are some of the news stories that may have effected AlphaOne Sentiment’s rankings: Bank of America Cuts Rating On Grupo Aeroportuario del Centro (OMAB) (fidaily.com) Lowers Grupo Aeroportuario dl Srst SAB CV (ASR) to Underweight (campdesrecrues.com) OMA’s Extraordinary Shareholders’ Meeting approves cancellation of 6.2 million B shares (finance.yahoo.com) Grupo Aeroportuario del Centro Nort (OMAB) Downgraded by Morgan Stanley to Equal Weight (americanbankingnews.com) Shares of Grupo Aeroportuario del Centro Nort (OMAB) opened at 43.29 on Monday. The stock’s 50 day moving average is $43.85 and its 200-day moving average is $39.14. The firm has a market capitalization of $2.13 billion, a P/E ratio of 20.89 and a beta of 0.98. Grupo Aeroportuario del Centro Nort has a 52-week low of $30.05 and a 52-week high of $53.58. The business also recently disclosed an annual dividend, which was paid on Tuesday, May 23rd. Stockholders of record on Monday, May 15th were issued a $1.467 dividend. This represents a dividend yield of 15.04%. The ex-dividend date of this dividend was Thursday, May 11th. Grupo Aeroportuario del Centro Nort’s dividend payout ratio (DPR) is presently 77.13%. OMAB has been the topic of a number of analyst reports. Zacks Investment Research lowered Grupo Aeroportuario del Centro Nort from a “hold” rating to a “strong sell” rating in a report on Thursday, February 23rd. JPMorgan Chase & Co. upgraded shares of Grupo Aeroportuario del Centro Nort from a “neutral” rating to an “overweight” rating in a research report on Friday, March 3rd. Finally, Bank of America Corp upgraded shares of Grupo Aeroportuario del Centro Nort from an “underperform” rating to a “neutral” rating in a research report on Tuesday, May 16th. Six investment analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and two have issued a buy rating to the stock. The stock presently has a consensus rating of “Hold” and a consensus target price of $66.78. TRADEMARK VIOLATION NOTICE: “Grupo Aeroportuario del Centro Nort (OMAB) Given News Sentiment Rating of 0.57” was originally published by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are reading this article on another website, it was stolen and republished in violation of US & international trademark & copyright legislation. The legal version of this article can be viewed at https://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/06/05/grupo-aeroportuario-del-centro-nort-omab-given-news-sentiment-rating-of-0-57.html. Grupo Aeroportuario del Centro Nort Company Profile Grupo Aeroportuario del Centro Norte, SAB. de C.V. is a holding company. The Company, through its subsidiaries, holds concessions to operate, maintain and develop over 10 airports in Mexico. The Company’s segments include Metropolitan, Tourist, Regional, Border, Hotel and Other. The Company also engages in various commercial and diversification activities conducted at its airports, such as the leasing of space to restaurants and retailers, the operation of parking facilities, and the operation of the NH Terminal 2 Hotel and the Hilton Garden Inn Hotel at the Monterrey airport. Receive News & Ratings for Grupo Aeroportuario del Centro Nort Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Grupo Aeroportuario del Centro Nort and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Trump’s Tweets Complicate Already Complicated Week World Leaders Very Critical of Paris Agreement Decision by Trump Aide to President Trump Resigns With More Expected Scud-Class Missile Launched by North Korea Travel Ban Dealt Another Blow by Appeals Court © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Search × Search in Site To search in site, type your keyword and hit enter Close By Traders For Traders Live Trading News HOME Stocks US Stocks Australia OTC Markets Futures Asia Middle East Start Ups FX Commodities Metals Grains Crude Oil FX News Politics America Asia Australia Middle East Terrorism ASEAN World War 3 China EU Real Estate Lifestyle Luxury Dining Spa Hollywood Art Shopping Travel Dubai Thailand Hong Kong Italy Vietnam Palm Beach Tahiti USA Abu Dhabi Roatan Indonesia Japan Australia Singapore Health Horse Racing Dubai World Cup Kentucky Derby Royal Ascot USA Australia Hong Kong Japan UK Singapore Horse Sales News Breeding UK Horse Racing France Breeders Cup Godolphin Coolmore Opinion Shayne Heffernan Paul Ebeling Contact Us Contributors Privacy Policy Free Trial IR Hot Start Ups Managed FX Real Estate Feature Companies Services Consulting EB5 CrowdFunding Marketing Metals Monetization of Bank Instruments Asset Management Asia Business Financial Solutions Calendar Live Charts Wall Street’s Top Analysts Upgrades, Downgrades & Initiations By Paul Ebeling on June 5, 2017No Comment Share on Facebook Follow on Facebook Add to Google+ Connect on Linked in Subscribe by Email Print This Post Wall Street’s Top Analysts Upgrades, Downgrades & Initiations $CWH,$ CIEN, $DE, $ULTA, $YUMC Daily HeffX-LTN reviews Wall Street analysts research reports to find new investing and trading ideas for our readers. Some reports cover stocks to buy, and others cover stocks to sell or avoid. Below is a list of Wall Streets top analysts upgrades, downgrades and initiations for Monday, as follows: Camping World Holdings Inc. (NYSE:CWH) reinstated as Outperform with a target price of 36 at Credit Suisse. Camping World has a consensus price target at 35.80. Ciena Corp. (NASDAQ:CIEN) reiterated as Buy and the price target was raised to 33 at Argus. Ciena shares are up on to strong earnings and other analysts have raised their targets. Deere & Co. (NYSE:DE) analysts raised to Neutral from Underweight and the price target was raised to 122 from 103 at JPMorgan. Deere has a 52-wk trading range of 76.73 – 125.98, and the consensus price target was at 125.05. Ulta Beauty Inc. (NASDAQ:ULTA) analysts assumed with a Buy rating and the target price was raised to 350 from 266 at Jefferies. They see upside coming from its CRM and development platform and they now view ULTA as a brand development platform and media company with a network of experiential retail venues. Ulta has a 52-wk trading range of 225.13 – 310.00 and consensus target price of 322.27. Yum China Holdings Inc. (NYSE:YUMC) started with an Overweight rating and assigned a 42 price target at JPMorgan. The consensus target price is lower at 35.30, and its shares hit a post-spin-off high of 40.29 last Thursday. Have a terrific week.   analysts, buy, CIEN, CWH, DE, deck, hold, ideas, market, price, sell, shop, target, trade, trading, ULTA, Wall Street, YUMC Wall Street’s Top Analysts Upgrades, Downgrades & Initiations added by Paul Ebeling on June 5, 2017 View all posts by Paul Ebeling → The following two tabs change content below. Bio Latest Posts Paul Ebeling Paul A. Ebeling, polymath, excels in diverse fields of knowledge. Pattern Recognition Analyst in Equities, Commodities and Foreign Exchange and author of “The Red Roadmaster’s Technical Report” on the US Major Market Indices™, a highly regarded, weekly financial market letter, he is also a philosopher, issuing insights on a wide range of subjects to a following of over 250,000 cohorts. An international audience of opinion makers, business leaders, and global organizations recognizes Ebeling as an expert. Latest posts by Paul Ebeling (see all) Recreational Marijuana Use Coming to California in 2018 - June 8, 2017 Morning Briefing Global Stocks - June 8, 2017 Gold, Silver, Copper and Crude Oil Briefing - June 8, 2017 Related posts: Wall Street’s Top Analysts Upgrades, Downgrades & Initiations Wall Street’s Top Analysts Upgrades, Downgrades & Initiations Wall Street’s Top Analysts Upgrades, Downgrades & Initiations Wall Street’s Top Analysts Upgrades, Downgrades & Initiations Subscribe You must be logged in to post comments :   CONNECT WITH FREE HEFFX MEMBERSHIP TODAY   Enter Email * First Name * Last Name * Example: Yes, I would like to receive emails from Live Trading News. (You can unsubscribe anytime) Constant Contact Use. By submitting this form, you are granting: heffx, 3 Raffles Place, Singapore, 048617, permission to email you. You may unsubscribe via the link found at the bottom of every email. (See our Email Privacy Policy (http://constantcontact.com/legal/privacy-statement) for details.) Emails are serviced by Constant Contact.     Category Specific RSS All Topics Stocks FX Politics Horse Racing Opinion Travel Health Beach Bum Kit Calendar Contact Us Contributors Privacy Policy Fast Jets USA Feature Companies HEFFX Knightsbridge Law Miami Bikini Shop Race Horse Syndication Free Trial Hot Start Ups IR Knightsbridge Agriculture Live Charts Managed FX One Ohana Real Estate 11 11 Hotels – Thailand Heart of Europe-Dubai Services Asia Business Asset Management Consulting CrowdFunding EB5 Financial Solutions Marketing Metals Monetization of Bank Instruments Copyright 2016 HEFFX.com © 2017, ↑ Live Trading News By Traders For Traders
Search Watch Live Home Vote 2017 UK Brexit Trump World Business Tech Entertainment Offbeat Weather Growth in Britain's services sector unexpectedly slows in May The fall will revive fears the UK economy is continuing to lose momentum after a solid performance in the wake of the Brexit vote. 12:22, UK, Monday 05 June 2017 Image: Economic activity in Britain's services sector cooled in May Twitter Facebook Google+ Whats App Mail By Ian King, Sky News Business Presenter Activity in the UK's services sector - which accounts for four-fifths of the UK economy - slowed sharply last month, according to new figures. The closely watched Purchasing Managers Index (PMI) survey by IHS Markit and the Chartered Institute for Procurement and Supply (CIPS) reported a reading of 53.8 in May - down from the nine-month high of 55.8 in April. Anything above 50 represents growth and anything below that a contraction. The figure, which was sharply lower than the 55 that had been forecast by City economists, was the weakest since February and will revive fears that the UK economy is continuing to lose momentum following a stronger than expected performance in the wake of the Brexit vote last year. :: Surge in exports boosts UK manufacturing It was a slowdown in the services sector that was largely responsible for the lacklustre 0.2% growth in the UK economy during the first three months of the year - down from the 0.7% achieved during the final three months of 2016. The poor showing in May was partly responsible for a slowdown in the pace at which new orders are growing which, according to those taking part in the survey, were due to both weakness in consumer spending and a delay in decision-making ahead of the General Election. Duncan Brock, director of customer relationships at CIPS, said: "It was clear that slower new business growth let the side down, impacted by caution around the General Election, and a tightening of purse strings. "Not even stiff competition between businesses absorbing higher prices for food and the effects of the National Living Wage could tempt consumers to spend. "Though optimism for the future was slightly elevated, compared with April, an overall weakening since the start of 2017 shows how vulnerable the sector can be under pressure as a new government waits in the wings." The figures follow news last week of a similar slowdown in activity in the manufacturing sector and means that construction was the only sector that saw growth in activity in May. The Composite PMI, which takes into account the manufacturing and services sectors (but not construction), gave a reading of 54.4 - down from 56.2 last month and the weakest reading since September last year. Allan Monks, economist at investment bank JP Morgan Chase, said this was "consistent with a sustained slide to sub-trend growth this year". He added: "The survey is now only a point above where we would expect based on our 1.5% (annualised) second quarter GDP forecast." However, Chris Williamson, chief business economist at IHS Markit, insisted the figures were not as bad as they seemed, thanks to a solid performance in April. He said: "Despite slower growth in May, the surveys indicate that the economy has regained some momentum in the second quarter. "The three PMI surveys are running at levels that are historically consistent with GDP growing at a robust 0.5% rate, albeit with the slowing in May posing some downside risks to the near-term outlook." Top Stories LIVE: Comey testifies on Trump-Russia ties Day of destiny: Millions of voters head to polls Vote 2017: When will you know the result? Breivik appeal rejected as 'rights not violated' Video shows moment police shot terrorists Facebook Twitter Youtube Instagram Vine Google+ About Sky News Down About Us Sky News International Sky News Library Sales Site Map Editorial Guidelines Supreme Court Live Sky News Services Down Sky News RSS Sky News For Your Phone Sky News Radio Sky Channels Down Sky 1 Sky Living Sky Atlantic Sky Arts Sky Cinema Sky Sports More Sky Sites Down NOW TV Sky Academy Bigger Picture Sky Ride Sky Corporate Sky Bet Sky.com Sky News Arabia Advertise With Us Terms & Conditions Privacy & Cookies Notice Accessibility Information Contact Us © 2017 Sky UK We use cookies to give you the best experience. If you do nothing we'll assume that it's ok. Close Close
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Goldman Sachs Group Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Goldman Sachs Group Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News 180 Degree Capital Corp (TURN) Chairman Buys $16,141.70 in Stock First Commonwealth Financial (FCF) Director Acquires $16,800.00 in Stock Insider Selling: Power Integrations Inc (POWI) VP Sells $13,759.60 in Stock Perry Ellis International, Inc. (PERY) Downgraded by ValuEngine to Hold Obalon Therapeutics Inc (OBLN) Upgraded by ValuEngine to Sell Parke Bancorp, Inc. (PKBK) Upgraded by ValuEngine to Buy Forward Pharma A/S (FWP) Earns Daily Media Sentiment Score of 0.37 Covenant Transportation Group (CVTI) Earns Daily Coverage Optimism Rating of 0.37 Positive News Coverage Somewhat Likely to Impact International Paper (IP) Stock Price Cortina Asset Management LLC Purchases 75,879 Shares of Entellus Medical Inc (ENTL) Cortina Asset Management LLC Sells 17,566 Shares of Covenant Transportation Group, Inc. (CVTI) Fiesta Restaurant Group (FRGI) Getting Favorable Media Coverage, Study Finds United Services Automobile Association Cuts Stake in Forrester Research, Inc. (FORR) Van ECK Associates Corp Purchases 50,868 Shares of Solar Capital Ltd. (SLRC) Genco Shipping & Trading Limited Ordinary Shares New (Marshall Islands) (GNK) Getting Positive Press Coverage, Report Shows Credit Agricole S A Boosts Stake in Papa John's Int'l, Inc. (PZZA) Bank of Commerce Holdings (BOCH) Upgraded to “Buy” at ValuEngine Bryn Mawr Bank Corp. (BMTC) Upgraded by ValuEngine to “Buy” Cna Financial Corp (CNA) Upgraded at Zacks Investment Research BNC Bancorp (BNCN) Upgraded to “Buy” at ValuEngine Sheaff Brock Investment Advisors LLC Has $359,000 Stake in Goldman Sachs Group Inc (GS) June 5th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Tyrone Williams Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Sheaff Brock Investment Advisors LLC cut its position in shares of Goldman Sachs Group Inc (NYSE:GS) by 49.2% during the first quarter, according to its most recent filing with the SEC. The firm owned 1,561 shares of the investment management company’s stock after selling 1,514 shares during the period. Sheaff Brock Investment Advisors LLC’s holdings in Goldman Sachs Group were worth $359,000 as of its most recent SEC filing. A number of other large investors also recently bought and sold shares of the stock. Dai Ichi Life Holdings Inc. boosted its stake in Goldman Sachs Group by 1.7% in the third quarter. Dai Ichi Life Holdings Inc. now owns 30,880 shares of the investment management company’s stock worth $4,980,000 after buying an additional 528 shares during the last quarter. Cetera Advisor Networks LLC boosted its stake in Goldman Sachs Group by 67.0% in the third quarter. Cetera Advisor Networks LLC now owns 4,024 shares of the investment management company’s stock worth $649,000 after buying an additional 1,615 shares during the last quarter. Boston Private Wealth LLC boosted its stake in Goldman Sachs Group by 8.2% in the third quarter. Boston Private Wealth LLC now owns 6,002 shares of the investment management company’s stock worth $968,000 after buying an additional 454 shares during the last quarter. Two Sigma Securities LLC boosted its stake in Goldman Sachs Group by 157.7% in the third quarter. Two Sigma Securities LLC now owns 7,340 shares of the investment management company’s stock worth $1,184,000 after buying an additional 4,492 shares during the last quarter. Finally, Convector Capital Management LP bought a new stake in Goldman Sachs Group during the third quarter worth about $1,008,000. Institutional investors own 72.77% of the company’s stock. Goldman Sachs Group Inc (NYSE:GS) opened at 213.31 on Monday. Goldman Sachs Group Inc has a 52 week low of $138.20 and a 52 week high of $255.15. The stock has a market cap of $87.31 billion, a PE ratio of 11.35 and a beta of 1.50. The company has a 50-day moving average price of $221.35 and a 200-day moving average price of $232.55. Goldman Sachs Group (NYSE:GS) last released its earnings results on Tuesday, April 18th. The investment management company reported $5.15 earnings per share for the quarter, missing the consensus estimate of $5.31 by $0.16. Goldman Sachs Group had a net margin of 24.17% and a return on equity of 9.78%. The company had revenue of $8.03 billion during the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $8.33 billion. During the same period in the previous year, the company posted $2.68 EPS. The company’s quarterly revenue was up 26.6% compared to the same quarter last year. Analysts anticipate that Goldman Sachs Group Inc will post $18.97 earnings per share for the current year. The business also recently announced a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Thursday, June 29th. Shareholders of record on Thursday, June 1st will be paid a $0.75 dividend. This is a positive change from Goldman Sachs Group’s previous quarterly dividend of $0.65. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Tuesday, May 30th. This represents a $3.00 annualized dividend and a yield of 1.41%. Goldman Sachs Group’s dividend payout ratio is presently 15.89%. TRADEMARK VIOLATION WARNING: This report was published by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are accessing this report on another publication, it was stolen and republished in violation of international copyright & trademark laws. The original version of this report can be viewed at https://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/06/05/sheaff-brock-investment-advisors-llc-has-359000-stake-in-goldman-sachs-group-inc-gs.html. A number of research firms have issued reports on GS. Compass Point began coverage on Goldman Sachs Group in a research note on Wednesday, February 22nd. They issued a “neutral” rating and a $250.00 target price on the stock. Berenberg Bank cut Goldman Sachs Group from a “hold” rating to a “sell” rating and raised their target price for the company from $140.00 to $190.00 in a research note on Friday, February 24th. They noted that the move was a valuation call. Vetr cut Goldman Sachs Group from a “sell” rating to a “strong sell” rating and set a $215.99 target price on the stock. in a research note on Tuesday, February 14th. Macquarie reiterated an “outperform” rating on shares of Goldman Sachs Group in a research note on Thursday, February 16th. Finally, JPMorgan Chase & Co. restated a “buy” rating on shares of Goldman Sachs Group in a research note on Tuesday, March 14th. Three investment analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, twelve have assigned a hold rating and twelve have given a buy rating to the company. The stock currently has a consensus rating of “Hold” and an average price target of $234.71. Goldman Sachs Group Company Profile The Goldman Sachs Group, Inc is an investment banking, securities and investment management company that provides a range of financial services to corporations, financial institutions, governments and individuals. The Company operates in four business segments: Investment Banking, Institutional Client Services, Investing & Lending, and Investment Management. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding GS? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Goldman Sachs Group Inc (NYSE:GS). Receive News & Ratings for Goldman Sachs Group Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Goldman Sachs Group Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Trump’s Tweets Complicate Already Complicated Week World Leaders Very Critical of Paris Agreement Decision by Trump Aide to President Trump Resigns With More Expected Scud-Class Missile Launched by North Korea Travel Ban Dealt Another Blow by Appeals Court © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Follow @triplepundit 48.6k Triple Pundit: People, Planet, Profit Menu Special Series Building Healthier Communities In this four-part mini-series, we’ll unpack how large firms can get down to the grassroots level when it comes to engaging communities around health and wellness. Sponsored by Aetna Foundation Your Corporate Guide to Responsible Waste Management In this editorial series in partnership with Covanta Environmental Solutions, we’ll explore steps your company can take to edge closer to zero waste targets. Sponsored by Covanta Responsible Forestry In this series sponsored by Procter and Gamble, we’ll explore what it means to practice “responsible forestry” and how trailblazing companies can lead the way. Sponsored by Procter & Gamble Close Events Good Capital Project (3p discount code “GC_TriplePundit “) The Good Capital Project, through a new design thinking process, will convene all constituents to drive greater collaboration and accelerate capital flows into purpose driven investments. [REGISTER HERE] Use code GC_TriplePundit for 15% off June 19: New York Green Sports Alliance Summit 2017 "PLAY GREENER: Engaging Fans, Athletes & Communities", focused on mobilizing members and partners to bring about positive environmental and social impact across their fan-base and surrounding communities. [REGISTER HERE] June 27-29: Sacramento Companies vs Climate Change: Europe and USA Events. An event series whose mission it is to bring together companies from around the world to discuss climate change and how they can work together to address it most impactfully. Now building sponsorship and registration. [INFO HERE] Oct & Dec: Brussels & Miami Close 3p Podium Media Kit Ford Foundation Opens Detroit Office for First Time in 64 Years by Leon Kaye on Monday, Jun 5th, 2017 New Economics Share Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Detroit is welcoming back the Ford Foundation For over 80 years, the Ford Foundation has invested in people and ideas, including within the city where Henry Ford’s ideas transformed the automobile industry. When first established over 80 years ago, the foundation worked largely out of Detroit and Dearborn, and played a large part in contributing to the Motor City’s economic and cultural legacy. The foundation moved to New York in 1953, but while it maintained close ties to its home, it was easy to question whether there was much of a connection between Ford Motor Co. and the philanthropy that launched as a result of the company’s rapid success. Furthermore, as one looks back, the foundation’s move east was a signal of Detroit’s slow decline. By many accounts, Detroit was the richest U.S. city in 1950, but its economic might had peaked. The rest, as they say, is history, as Detroit became the poster child of the Rust Belt’s struggles and later, the continued loss of manufacturing jobs to offshoring and automation. While urbanization surges across the U.S., Detroit is still losing population. Through the struggles and crises, the foundation claimed it still maintained close ties to Detroit, and has supported programs to the tune of hundreds of millions of dollars – and filling much needed gap’s as the city’s civic leadership was often unwilling or unable to find a way to turn around the city’s cratering fortune. Now, according to several news accounts, the foundation is returning to the city. Crain’s reported last week that a Detroit office will open in order to manage Detroit-based programs, including an affordable housing initiative, locally instead of remotely. In total, the foundation operates various Detroit-based initiatives with a total budget of approximately $15 million, the most of any U.S. city in which its programs operate. Detroit still faces a long uphill climb in its quest to regain just a sliver of the economic momentum that showered it during much of the twentieth century. But the evidence suggests that the city has finally bottomed out – with its bankruptcy symbolizing the city’s hard fall and fitful recovery. The proximity of several top universities, a sturdy manufacturing base, its bountiful cultural options and relatively low cost of living makes the city an attractive prospect. JPMorgan Chase is one organization that has invested tens of millions of dollars in various social enterprise programs, a risk the bank says has been largely successful. Urban farms and tech startups are among the various new ventures that show promise as this city of 680,000 tries to punch its ticket to revitalization. But for Detroit to rebound, the entire city needs a lift. Much of the effort has been centered on downtown and the Woodward Corridor. Yes, the Detroit Pistons will be back downtown, and even Michigan’s Albanian-Americans are contributing to good times in Motor City again. But there is more to Detroit than the stretch of town from the waterfront to I-94. Many neighborhoods in Detroit have been left out of Detroit’s rebirth. Could having the brainpower of the Ford Foundation help? There is hope, as after all, the foundation itself is recalibrating how it operates. Earlier this year, its executives made the surprise announcement that $1 billion, or $1 in $12 of its endowment, was diverted into a fund that seeks to accelerate mission-related investing over the next decade. The foundation believes impact investing is the way forward; such a paradigm shift could benefit Detroit in the near future as well. Image credit: Leon Kaye New Economics Recent headlines from the 2290 articles in this category: Rainforest Alliance and Europe’s UTZ Announce Merger Ford Foundation Opens Detroit Office for First Time in 64 Years Can a Universal Basic Income Inspire Innovation? Mark Zuckerberg Thinks So Based in Fresno, California, Leon Kaye is a business writer and strategic communications specialist. He has also been featured in The Guardian, Sustainable Brands and CleanTechnica. When he has time, he shares his thoughts on his own site, GreenGoPost.com. Contact him at leon@greengopost.com. You can also reach out via Twitter (@LeonKaye) and Instagram (GreenGoPost). Follow Leon Kaye @leonkaye Leave a Reply Cancel reply You must be logged in to post a comment. Register here if you need an account. Our sponsors Media Kit Access Would your company like to join our conversation? We offer branded content, twitter chats, event promotion, custom content channels and more. Learn more. Check out our newsletters More than 30,000 subscribers get our daily and weekly updates. Join them now. Email address Weekly Mailing List Daily Mailing List Submit Ready to comment? Register for an account below Name* First Last Email* Enter Email Confirm Email Create your username* Captcha After submitting this form, you must check your email for your password before logging in. Follow Triple Pundit Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Search terms Search WORK WITH US About 3p Advertise with us Contact us Newsletter Sponsored content policy Write for us Privacy policy Legal Sitemap MEET OUR TEAM Founder: Nick Aster Ed in Chief: Jen Boynton Social Media: Marissa Rosen TriplePundit is a part of 3BL Media. Offsets Provided by ClimateCare. Use our carbon calculator here. TriplePundit's office is at Impact HUB San Francisco. All content © 2009-2017 Triple Pundit Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Skip to navigation Skip to content Skip to footer View text version of this page Help using this website - Accessibility statement Menu Canberra Times Business Login Sign-up Become a Canberra Times member today Join today and you can easily save your favourite articles, join in the conversation and comment, plus select which news your want direct to your inbox. Create your account now! Become a Canberra Times member today Join today and you can easily save your favourite articles, join in the conversation and comment, plus select which news your want direct to your inbox. Create your account now! Home News Sport Business Public Service World Politics Comment Property Entertainment Lifestyle Cars Travel Tech Video All News ACT News ACT Election 2016 National Environment Health Education Good Weekend NSW News Victoria News Queensland WA News Sport ACT Sport NRL Union AFL Cricket Racing Soccer Golf Basketball Cycling Motorsport Tennis Scores Athletics Swimming Boxing Sailing Netball Fitz Files Business News Markets Quotes Workplace Consumer Property Innovation Retail Economy CBD Money Small Business News Opinion Video Cartoons The Pulse Electorate Map Letters Editorials Obituaries View from the Street Blunt Instrument Satire Movies Music TV Guide TV & Radio Art Books Stage Video News & Views Life & Relationships Health & Wellbeing Beauty Fashion Celebrity Home The Optimist The Store News Security Web Culture Innovation Science Games Gadgets on the Go Smartphone Apps Mobiles eSports News Sport Business Entertainment Lifestyle Travel Property Cars Food Exec Style Parenting Search Site News Markets Quotes Workplace Consumer Retail Economy CBD Money Small Biz Property Innovation Home Business Economy June 5 2017 Save Print License article GDP forecasts mixed as company profits soar, wages flatline Peter Martin Contact via Email Follow on Facebook Follow on Twitter Show comments facebook SHARE twitter TWEET email google-plus linkedin reddit More Business Day: Sign up for our newsletter Higher commodity prices pushed up company profits almost 40 per cent in the year to March at a time when the wage bill grew 0.9 per cent. Play Video Replay Video Play Video Don't Play Up Next GDP slows less than estimated Play Video Don't Play Video duration 02:34 More BusinessDay Videos Previous slide Next slide Video duration 01:53 The unknown recession The unknown recession Australia may have enjoyed more than 25 years without a recession, but as Peter Martin explains, it's been a close run thing. Up Next GDP slows less than estimated Play Video Don't Play Video duration 02:34 Video duration 02:34 GDP slows less than estimated GDP slows less than estimated With interest rates expected to be on hold for the rest of the year, Morgan Stanley Australia Strategist Daniel Blake says the economy is a victim of its own success. Up Next ASX winners and losers - a snapshot Play Video Don't Play Video duration 00:43 Video duration 00:43 ASX winners and losers - a snapshot ASX winners and losers - a snapshot The stand out listings traded on the ASX captured at key moments through the day, as indicated by the time stamp in the video. Up Next Sydney house prices not falling Play Video Don't Play Video duration 01:45 Video duration 01:45 Sydney house prices not falling Sydney house prices not falling Another housing story, but an important one as it cuts through the noise from those screaming disaster or never-ending boom. Michael Pascoe comments. Up Next How much can you save at Aldi? Play Video Don't Play Video duration 00:54 Video duration 00:54 How much can you save at Aldi? How much can you save at Aldi? Choice has conducted a price comparison of the average shopping basket across the major supermarkets. Up Next Australia - the new economic record holders Play Video Don't Play Video duration 02:10 Video duration 02:10 Australia - the new economic record ... Australia - the new economic record holders Here what the Treasurer has to say after Australia secured the world record for the longest period of uninterrupted economic growth. Up Next Uber fires 20 employees after harassment probe Play Video Don't Play Video duration 00:34 Video duration 00:34 Uber fires 20 employees after harassment ... Uber fires 20 employees after harassment probe Uber has fired 20 employees following an investigation into claims of harassment, discrimination, bullying and other employee concerns. Up Next Qatar increasingly isolated in diplomatic dispute Play Video Don't Play Video duration 01:36 Video duration 01:36 Qatar increasingly isolated in diplomatic ... Qatar increasingly isolated in diplomatic dispute Most of Qatar's land, air and sea ports are being blocked amid a diplomatic dispute with some its Middle Eastern neighbours. More videos The unknown recession Australia may have enjoyed more than 25 years without a recession, but as Peter Martin explains, it's been a close run thing. The so-called partial indicators released by the Bureau of Statistics ahead of Wednesday's national accounts have company profits climbing 6 per cent during the March quarter and wages only 0.3 per cent. The wage measure is affected by both record-low wage growth and a drop in the number of hours worked. SHARE Share on Facebook SHARE Share on Twitter TWEET Link Deutsche Australia chief economist Adam Boyton says that in real terms "wages and salaries are falling''.  Mining profits jumped 13 per cent in the quarter and non-mining profits 2.4 per cent. Retail profits were up 4.9 per cent, manufacturing profits up 2.4 per cent, utilities profits up 2.1 per cent, and wholesale profits down 5.8 per cent and finance industry profits down 2.8 per cent. JPMorgan analyst Tom Kennedy said that, although strong, the March quarter boost in company profits would have little impact on real gross domestic product as it was mainly the result of a boost in prices rather than a boost in volumes. Commodity prices had since since swung hard in the opposite direction. Advertisement Wage growth was so weak that the savings rate would have to fall further if consumption growth was to remain healthy. "In real terms, wages and salaries are falling, something that fits with generally downbeat views on the Australian consumer," Deutsche Australia chief economist Adam Boyton said. SHARE Share on Facebook SHARE Share on Twitter TWEET Link The quarterly rise was led by a 13 per cent increase in mining company profits on the back of a strong run in coal and iron-ore prices at the time. Photo: Robert Rough On balance the partial indicators are regarded as positive for Wednesday's March quarter GDP, with few economists continuing to forecast a negative number. The bureau's measure of inventories grew by a bigger than expected 1.2 per cent in the quarter due largely to buildup of iron ore and coal stocks as shipments were delayed by bad weather and the Chinese New Year. While the boost in inventories is expected to add 0.4 percentage points to GDP, the hit to exports is expected to subtract 0.6 points. The ANZ has warned of upside risk to its forecast of a 0.1 per cent fall in GDP, UBS is sticking with its forecast of growth of 0.2 per cent, Deutsche is sticking with 0.3 per cent, and JPMorgan is sticking with 0.4 per cent. 0 comments Log in to comment New User? Sign up You are logged in as unknown Logout 300 words Close comment form Write your comment here Screen name (required) Location (optional) I understand that submission of this content is covered by the Conditions of Use by which I am bound and Commenting Guidelines are available for my reference. Close Thank you Your comment has been submitted for approval. Please note that comments are moderated and are generally published if they are on-topic and not abusive. Sort comments by Oldest Newest Advertisement HuffPost Australia Bill Gates May Soon Lose His Spot As ... Contains: External link The Big Four Whingeing About The Bank ... Contains: External link Most Popular Coles admits most of its workforce underpaid Iron ore, debt could send Aussie back to US50¢ 'You're kidding' - how Aussies banks mistreat customers Sydney householders sitting very tight – we don’t want to sell ASX snaps losing streak as CSL soars Follow BusinessDay Share on FacebookFacebook Share on TwitterTwitter Follow Canberra Times Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on EmailNewsletters Advertisement Most Viewed Today Previous slide Next slide Business Investors should be 'crossing their fingers' as risk rises Qantas shares flying, but Joyce hit exit button early Iron ore, debt could send Aussie back to US50¢ Coles admits most of its workforce underpaid One step forward, two back: How to rort 457 visas Canberra Times The ACT suburb paying almost $10k in rates Popular Canberra breakfast radio team are no more What's behind the hoarding - inside 'Monaro Mall' Westside Container Village's new home In two short sentences, the White House just partially excused terrorism The Sydney Morning Herald New footage reveals sheer violence of Andrew Bolt attack In two short sentences, the White House just partially excused terrorism Global ranking puts one Australian uni in top 20 Qantas shares flying, but Joyce hit exit button early 'She wanted to yell out but she couldn't': Four men on trial for party gang rape The Age New footage reveals sheer violence of Andrew Bolt attack 'Inspiring' reporter and journalism educator Jill Singer dead at 60 Historic industrial property set to become new suburb Iron ore, debt could send Aussie back to US50¢ Death toll rises to eight in London attack after body found Brisbane Times Protesting councillor warned to 'get out of the way' of $115 million Wynnum Road project Claim $50,000 found in Paul Pisasale's plane luggage was for friend barrister Two new high schools planned for inner-city Brisbane In two short sentences, the White House just partially excused terrorism New footage reveals sheer violence of Andrew Bolt attack WA Today Perth boy in ICU after hospital gives insulin overdose 'The prettiest girl in the school': How teacher lured his teenage victims New footage reveals sheer violence of Andrew Bolt attack Global ranking puts one Australian uni in top 20 West Australian town with lowest toddler vaccination rate revealed Canberra Times Share via Email Share on Facebook Share on Google Plus Share on Twitter RSS Feed Products and Services AM Edition PM Edition Good Food Guide Newsletters Canberra Times Photos Canberra Times Sitemap Subscriptions Contact Us Advertise With Us Sponsorship Text Version Site Accessibility Guide Classifieds Place an Ad Place a free ad CT Classifieds & Notices Cars Dating Jobs Domain Commercial Real Estate Oneflare Nabo Tributes Celebrations Our Sites SMH The Age AFR.com Adzuna Allhomes Domain Drive RSVP Essential Baby Home Price Guide Weatherzone Fairfax Media Account Details News Store Archive Fairfax Syndication Careers Events Press Council Copyright © 2017Fairfax Media Website Feedback
Login Register Logout Profile Subscribe Home Advertising Blade Plus Blade Vault, Reprints Campus Connection Classifieds Contact Us Coupons Plus Customer Service eBlade BCSN Editions & Apps Events Jobs Homes Most Wanted Obituaries Renew My Subscription Subscribe The Blade in Education Weekly Ads Thursday, Jun 08, 2017 One of America's Great Newspapers ~ Toledo, Ohio Login Register Logout Profile Subscribe |   Log Out News • Sports • A&E • Business • Opinion Economy Credit debt analysts: Relax Investors get jitters as card write-offs climbing BLOOMBERG NEWS Published on June 1, 2017 Share Tweet Share Email Comments Print For Kevin St. Pierre, the math on credit cards is pretty simple. “Generally, if the consumer has income, they pay their debts,” Mr. St. Pierre, an analyst at Sanford C. Bernstein, said in a note to clients recently. “Consumer credit losses are driven predominantly by unemployment.” Investors are getting skittish as credit-card balances and write-offs are climbing. But analysts point to healthy employment levels. ASSOCIATED PRESS Enlarge With investors skittish over the potential for higher defaults on auto and student loans, Mr. St. Pierre is one of many industry analysts and banking executives who’ve sought to allay similar concerns over rising credit-card write-offs. Card balances eclipsed $1 trillion in February, the most since the 2008 financial crisis, Federal Reserve data show. Card issuers including Capital One Financial Corp., Citigroup Inc., Synchrony Financial, and Discover Financial Services all reported higher card write-offs in the first quarter. Still, executives and analysts see one data point as key to the credit-card industry’s health: jobs. U.S. unemployment is near an all-time low, and as long as it stays there, consumers should be able to handle their card debt. “We’re not losing any sleep that we can’t manage the credit situation we’re confronted with right now,” Discover Chief Financial Officer Mark Graf told analysts in April. “While charge-off rates have risen, they remain quite low by historical standards.” Six of the biggest U.S. card lenders — JPMorgan Chase, Bank of America, Citigroup, American Express, Capital One and Discover — reported that loans at least 30 days overdue, a harbinger of future write-offs, fell in April.  Total U.S. credit-card loans have climbed every year since 2008, when the jobless rate approached 10 percent, forcing issuers to write off more than $100 billion in loans over the next two years. Recently, much of the growth has come from banks extending credit to borrowers with lower credit scores, causing write-offs to revert toward historical norms. “You’re now introducing a broader set of individuals to your portfolio that are likely more adverse,” said Sanjay Sakhrani, a KBW analyst. “That’s just the nature of growth. These are still profitable customers.” For others, including Wells Fargo & Co. analyst Jason Harbes, looser underwriting standards is cause for worry. He downgraded the credit-card sector, noting that “credit quality has visibly worsened over the past two quarters.” Related Items credit cards , credit card debt Click to comment Guidelines: Please keep your comments smart and civil. Don't attack other readers personally, and keep your language decent. Comments that violate these standards, or our privacy statement or visitor's agreement, are subject to being removed and commenters are subject to being banned. To post comments, you must be a registered user on toledoblade.com. To find out more, please visit the FAQ. Quis autem vel eum iure reprehenderit qui in ea voluptate velit esse quam nihil molestiae consequatur, vel illum qui dolorem? Temporibus autem quibusdam et aut officiis debitis aut rerum necessitatibus saepe eveniet. Copyright © 2015 Toledo Blade News Toggle All Local East North South West State Nation World Politics Police & Fire Religion Medical Education Technology Courts Deaths Weather Daily Log Special Reports Sports Toggle All High School BGSU Ohio State Michigan UT Mud Hens Walleye Golf Scoreboard A&E Toggle All Art Books Culture Movies Food Music-Theater-Dance Peach Weekender Restaurant Reviews TV-Radio Frogtown Gardening TV Listings Business Toggle All Automotive Economy Energy Stock Market Real Estate Real Estate Transfers Retail Opinion Toggle All Editorial Cartoons Editorials Op-Ed Columns Columnists Letters to the Editor Our Towns Toggle All Bedford Township Holland Maumee Northwood Oregon Ottawa Hills Perrysburg Rossford Springfield Township Sylvania Photo Galleries Weekly Gallery 2017 Videos Hot Topics Blogs Weather Submit Letter to Editor User Commenting Guidelines To Top Fetching stories…
HOME EDITION News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance Etf Street Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Tech Guide Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows Watch Live CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Full Episodes More Log In | Register Log Out News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Consumer Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Take a Tour Subscribe Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance Etf Street Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Tech Guide Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Special Reports Iconic Tour Trading the World CNBC Disruptor 50 Lasting Legacy Modern Medicine Portfolio Perspective College Game Plan Investing in: Israel Tech Drivers The Brave Ones Trading Nation Shaping the future Future Opportunities Original Series Executive Edge Trading Nation Futures Now Retire Well The Pulse @ 1 Market The Bottom Line CNBC Events Davos Delivering Alpha eMerge Americas iCONIC Conference Cambridge Cyber Summit Sohn Conference Follow CNBC EDITION Register Log In Profile Email Preferences PRO Sign Out Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Take a Tour Subscribe LIVE TV Watch CNBC TV Watch CNBC Pro Watchlist X × × × × Tech Transformers Tech Mobile Social Media Enterprise Cybersecurity Tech Guide Ethereum hits another record high, marking a more than 2,800% rally this year Ethereum hit a fresh record high price of $250.41 on Sunday. The price is up over 2,800 percent year-to-date. Korea is driving ethereum trade. Continued interest in the underlying blockchain behind ethereum has led to support from big companies such as Microsoft. Arjun Kharpal | @ArjunKharpal Monday, 5 Jun 2017 | 3:49 AM ETCNBC.com SHARES show chapters Ethereum hits another record high, marking a more than 2,800% rally this year    Monday, 5 Jun 2017 | 10:10 AM ET | 00:54 Ethereum, an alternative cryptocurrency to bitcoin, hit a fresh record high on Sunday, amid continued interest in the digital asset space and increased trade from Asia. On Sunday, ethereum traded at an all-time high of $250.41, according to data from industry website CoinDesk. This is up 2,839 percent from the $8.52 handle it had on January 1. Ethereum was trading at around $246.62 on Monday morning, slightly off its record high. Ether is the name of the cryptocurrency which runs on the ethereum blockchain, which is the technology that underpins the digital coin. But ethereum is often used as shorthand for the digital currency as well. What's behind the rally? Ethereum has been designed to support so-called smart contract applications. A smart contract is a computer program that can automatically execute the terms of a contract when certain conditions are met. It's this practical use of ethereum which has excited many large corporates and investors, and led to the rally. But there are a number of other reasons supporting the price. These include: A group called the Enterprise Ethereum Alliance (EEA) was recently founded to connect large companies to technology vendors in order to work on projects using the blockchain. Companies involved in the launch include JPMorgan, Microsoft and Intel. A further 86 companies were recently added to the alliance, helping to give legitimacy to the technology. There's been a surge in initial coin offerings (ICO) which is a new way for cryptocurrency start-ups to raise money. These ICOs have been worth tens of millions of dollars and many of the companies are based on the ethereum blockchain, which means that it would utilize ether tokens, helping to boost the price. Vitalik Buterin, the founder of Ethereum, recently met with Russian President Vladimir Putin. Industry publication The Cointelegraph reports that Putin and Buterin discussed the application of the technology in the country. Cryptocurrency experts said further regulation and government intervention could help the price of bitcoin and ethereum. South Korea driving trade Much of the trading volume in ethereum at the moment — around 38 percent — is coming from South Korea, according to industry website CryptoCompare with rising interest from other regions. "All major Asian exchanges, including ours, are currently overwhelmed by the sudden growth in our client base and trading activity," Aurelien Menant, founder and CEO of Gatecoin, a regulated bitcoin and ethereum exchange based in Hong Kong, told CNBC by email. "Specifically, requests for more ether trading pairs seems to be a common theme," Menant added, highlighting the growing interest for traders based in a number of countries. Arjun KharpalTechnology Correspondent Related Securities Symbol Price   Change %Change INTC --- MSFT --- JPM --- Bitcoin/USD --- To view this site, you need to have JavaScript enabled in your browser, and either the Flash Plugin or an HTML5-Video enabled browser. Download the latest Flash player and try again. Playing Share this video... × Watch Next...
Skip to main content Thu, Jun 08, 2017 Banking & Finance » BT All News Weekly News Home Breaking Today's Paper Opinion SME Lifestyle Infographics Videos Focus Blogs Mags Hub E-Paper News News HomeBreakingToday's PaperOpinionSMELifestyleInfographicsVideosFocusBlogsMagsHubE-Paper All News Top StoriesCompanies & MarketsStocksReal EstateBanking & FinanceEnergy & CommoditiesTechnologyConsumerTransportGovernment & EconomyOpinionLife & Culture Weekly Views From the TopYoung Investors' ForumDining OutSMEExecutive MoneyThe Raffles ConversationBrunchInvesting & Wealth Lifestyle Lifestyle Lifestyle HomeF&BArtsMoviesMusicDesignStyleTravelWellnessCarsGadgets FeatureWeekend InterviewCity BuzzReviewsJaimEEatsHauntNostalgia You are here Home > Banking & Finance Digital coins are making bitcoin's rip-roaring rally appear tame Monday, June 5, 2017 - 13:53 Forget US stocks and emerging-market assets, even ignore bitcoin. Those brave enough to invest in the Wild West of tech are the ones making a killing. PHOTO: BLOOMBERG [MADRID] Forget US stocks and emerging-market assets, even ignore bitcoin. Those brave enough to invest in the Wild West of tech are the ones making a killing. While the record-breaking rally in bitcoin has captivated markets, demand for other digital coins is surging as companies raise millions in minutes, or even seconds, from investors wanting in on the next big tech startup. Last week it took 30 seconds for Mozilla co-founder Brendan Eich to issue about US$35 million of basic attention token, the unit of exchange in a blockchain-based advertising platform built on top of the company's Brave browser. Digital tokens tied to the blockchain platform issued this year have more than doubled in price on average since trading started, according to data compiled by Bloomberg. Tech startups are increasingly selling coins that can be used on their projects instead of resorting to traditional financing methods such as venture capital. The sector isn't for the fainthearted. The apps and websites behind most of these tokens are still only in development stage. Most are sold for pennies on the dollar and volatility can be extreme. TaaS, a closed-end fund dedicated to blockchain markets, had the coins it sold this year double in price in five weeks, and then fall 35 per cent in two days. Powered by GET.com sentifi.com Market voices on: But if you can stomach the risk, the rewards have been substantial. Coins from the 15 ICOs this year for which data is available have risen by an average of over 100 percent, while shares sold in initial public offerings in the U.S. this year have gained 13 percent on average since they started trading. SEE ALSO: Bitcoin mania infects Japan stock market's smaller listings "There's been overwhelming demand for coins," said Ron Quaranta, chairman of the Wall Street Blockchain Alliance. "Sure, a lot of it is based on speculation and traders looking to make a quick gain, but there's also a fundamental driver, which is the anticipation that the digital-currency market is maturing." Forty-four coins have been issued this year, according to blockchain research website Smith & Crown. Not all trade immediately after the auctions since some have vesting periods. The tokens with the biggest gain, a 500 per cent jump since it started trading on March 30, was issued by Edgeless, which is building a decentralized gambling platform. That sale wasn't open to US-based investors since the company isn't licensed to operate in the US. Prediction market platform Gnosis sold the highest valued tokens this year. The GNO token started trading at US$52 on May 1 and has more than quadrupled. Even with growing acceptance of blockchain from companies ranging from Toyota Motor Corp to JPMorgan Chase & Co, some advocates of the technology say they're cautious of the digital tokens because of the exuberance sweeping through the cryptocurrency world. "It seems like a fad, and as a professional investor, it's not what we do," said David Dunn, president of Kingsbridge Wealth Management, who first bought bitcoin in 2014 and has invested in blockchain-related companies. "I'd rather invest in the companies using the technology themselves. The speculators might end up being right, and this becomes a solid investment because of the power of the technology, but we're not at that stage." Token sales like the one for Gnosis, which catapulted the company's market capitalization to over US$300 million without it even having a product, or Eich's BAT coin, which was over in seconds, have raised some eyebrows. Still, the token market will probably continue to grow at least in the near future, said Nick Tomaino, principal at San Francisco-based venture-capital firm Runa Capital, who also runs The Control blog, which tracks digital currencies. More than US$100 million of coins has been raised this year, surpassing total sales last year, while total issuance is expected to jump to about $600 million, according to Mr Tomaino. "There's a lot of hype, and a lot of money being raised because it's so easy for anyone to create these coins without having to deal with any third parties, and it's so easy for people to buy them," Mr Tomaino said. "It can't be stopped." BLOOMBERG bitcoin digital coins Sign up for BT Newsletters Please wait Terms & Conditions Banking & Finance Wealth management data startup Addepar raises US$140m 7:20 PM Ex-HSBC banker Scott arrested in UK in American FX case 7:04 PM HRnetGroup seeks to raise S$174m with IPO at S$0.90 per share 4:48 PM Taiwan: Stocks edge up; investors cautious ahead of global events 2:30 PM Saudi Arabia said to tell banks not to increase Qatar exposure 1:39 PM Hard to give stimulus exit strategy scenarios now: BOJ's Iwata 1:32 PM Breaking News 9:40 pm US: Wall Street opens little changed; Comey testimony eyed 9:23 pm Developer behind Pokemon Go backs Apple's push into AR 9:21 pm Trump in hot seat as Comey to testify at Russia hearing 7:40 pm German industrial production rises in sign of strong recovery 7:20 pm Wealth management data startup Addepar raises US$140m 7:04 pm Ex-HSBC banker Scott arrested in UK in American FX case 6:45 pm Amazon's lending business for online merchants gains momentum 6:33 pm Boustead Projects to build its first hazardous waste treatment plant 6:30 pm Daily Debrief: What Happened Today 6:19 pm EU to tackle airline competition with new rules Most Read 1 20 listed companies on SGX watch-list 2 Charles & Keith family buys another GCB; total of 15 sold from Jan-May 3 3 collective deals in a week; is enbloc fever back in Singapore? 4 HSBC rolls out digital platform to connect buyers and sellers 5 New six-year Australia visa for Singaporeans by Jan 1 Powered by GET.com subscribe to The Business Times Stay connected with The Business Times premium content on your favourite platforms CALL 6388 3838 Find Out More Download Our Apps Stay up to date with The Business Times for iPhone | iPad | Android Stay Updated Get the latest news and information from BT newsletters for free: Breakfast Brief every morning Daily Debrief every evening Please wait Terms & Conditions News Home Breaking Today's Paper Opinion SME Lifestyle Infographics Videos Focus Blogs Mags Hub E-Paper News Top Stories Companies & Markets Stocks Real Estate Banking & Finance Energy & Commodities Technology Consumer Transport Government & Economy Opinion Life & Culture Weekly Views From the Top Young Investors' Forum Dining Out SME Executive Money The Raffles Conversation Brunch Investing & Wealth Lifestyle Lifestyle Home F&B Arts Movies Music Design Style Travel Wellness Cars Gadgets Feature Weekend Interview City Buzz Reviews JaimEEats Haunt Nostalgia Facebook Twitter Instagram Linkedin RSS E-paper PRINT ARCHIVE Mon Tue Wed Thu Fri Sat About Us Contact Us Help Terms & Conditions SPH Websites Data Protection Policy SPH Digital News © 2017 SINGAPORE PRESS HOLDINGS LTD. REGN NO. 198402668E
| E-Paper Sections Home Companies Industry Politics Money Opinion Lounge Technology Education More... MultimediaConsumerScienceSportsSpecialsMint on Sunday People Results Management Start-ups Financial Services Manufacturing Retail Telecom Infotech Infrastructure Education World Reports Agriculture Mint 50 Mark to Market Markets Ask Mint Money Calculators Mediclaim Ratings Views Online Views Columns Quick Edit Blogs Lounge Business of Life Slideshows Videos Technology Videos Marketing Research Personal Tech Media Advertising Science Travel 2017: New year, new beginnings The year of surprise Home » Money Last Modified: Mon, Jun 05 2017. 10 58 AM IST Digital coins are making bitcoin’s rip-roaring rally appear tame While the record-breaking rally in bitcoin has captivated markets, demand for other digital coins is surging as companies raise millions in minutes, or even seconds Subscribe to our newsletter. Camila Russo Digital tokens tied to the blockchain platform issued this year have more than doubled in price on average since trading started. Photo: Bloomberg Madrid: Forget US stocks and emerging-market assets, even ignore bitcoin. Those brave enough to invest in the Wild West of tech are the ones making a killing. While the record-breaking rally in bitcoin has captivated markets, demand for other digital coins is surging as companies raise millions in minutes, or even seconds, from investors wanting in on the next big tech startup. Last week it took 30 seconds for Mozilla co-founder Brendan Eich to issue about $35 million of basic attention token, the unit of exchange in a blockchain-based advertising platform built on top of the company’s Brave browser. Digital tokens tied to the blockchain platform issued this year have more than doubled in price on average since trading started, according to data compiled by Bloomberg. Tech startups are increasingly selling coins that can be used on their projects instead of resorting to traditional financing methods such as venture capital. The sector isn’t for the fainthearted. The apps and websites behind most of these tokens are still only in development stage. Most are sold for pennies on the dollar and volatility can be extreme. TaaS, a closed-end fund dedicated to blockchain markets, had the coins it sold this year double in price in five weeks, and then fall 35% in two days. But if you can stomach the risk, the rewards have been substantial. Coins from the 15 Initial Coin Offerings (ICOs) this year for which data is available have risen by an average of over 100%, while shares sold in initial public offerings in the US this year have gained 13% on average since they started trading. “There’s been overwhelming demand for coins,” said Ron Quaranta, chairman of the Wall Street Blockchain Alliance. “Sure, a lot of it is based on speculation and traders looking to make a quick gain, but there’s also a fundamental driver, which is the anticipation that the digital-currency market is maturing.” Forty-four coins have been issued this year, according to blockchain research website Smith & Crown. Not all trade immediately after the auctions since some have vesting periods. The tokens with the biggest gain, a 500% jump since it started trading on 30 March, was issued by Edgeless, which is building a decentralized gambling platform. That sale wasn’t open to US-based investors since the company isn’t licensed to operate in the US. Prediction market platform Gnosis sold the highest valued tokens this year. The GNO token started trading at $52 on 1 May and has more than quadrupled. Even with growing acceptance of blockchain from companies ranging from Toyota Motor Corp. to JPMorgan Chase & Co., some advocates of the technology say they’re cautious of the digital tokens because of the exuberance sweeping through the cryptocurrency world. “It seems like a fad, and as a professional investor, it’s not what we do,” said David Dunn, president of Kingsbridge Wealth Management, who first bought bitcoin in 2014 and has invested in blockchain-related companies. “I’d rather invest in the companies using the technology themselves. The speculators might end up being right, and this becomes a solid investment because of the power of the technology, but we’re not at that stage.” Token sales like the one for Gnosis, which catapulted the company’s market capitalization to over $300 million without it even having a product, or Eich’s BAT coin, which was over in seconds, have raised some eyebrows. Still, the token market will probably continue to grow at least in the near future, said Nick Tomaino, principal at San Francisco-based venture-capital firm Runa Capital, who also runs The Control blog, which tracks digital currencies. More than $100 million of coins has been raised this year, surpassing total sales last year, while total issuance is expected to jump to about $600 million, according to Tomaino. “There’s a lot of hype, and a lot of money being raised because it’s so easy for anyone to create these coins without having to deal with any third parties, and it’s so easy for people to buy them,” Tomaino said. “It can’t be stopped.” Bloomberg Camila Russo Topics: bitcoin digital coins digital currency cryptocurrency Brendan Eich More From Livemint READ MORE Donald Trump’s Paris climate deal rejection could sink his own properties From pottery to painting Monsoon to arrive in Mumbai by June 10-11, says IMD First Published: Mon, Jun 05 2017. 10 58 AM IST Editor's Picks Infosys drops $20 billion revenue target, forms advisory panel for CEO Vishal Sikka Home loans set to get cheaper as RBI eases norms for banks IIT Delhi among three Indian institutes on global top 200 list Latest News Donald Trump’s Paris climate deal rejection could sink his own properties From pottery to painting Monsoon to arrive in Mumbai by June 10-11, says IMD Kinnevik sells out of Germany’s Rocket Internet ECB rules out further interest rate cuts, in step towards stimulus exit Mint On Sunday The best food of Delhi’s state bhawans When parents step in to run schools The defenders of the skies of Roland Garros Beneath the beauty, Mauritius is an archive of human struggle and triumph The elusiveness of silence Home Companies Opinion Industry Politics Consumer Lounge Multimedia Money Sitemap Subscribe Contact Us Mint Code Privacy policy Terms of Use Advertising Mint Apps About Us Syndication Mint on Sunday RSS Hindustan Times Desimartini Copyright © 2017 HT Media Ltd. All Rights Reserved Close Home Companies Industry Politics Money Opinion Lounge Technology Education Multimedia Consumer Science Mint on Sunday Sports Specials Close
News Home News China Politics Society Defense And Diplomacy Environment World Asia-Pacific Americas Europe Middle East Africa Buz & Tech Finance & Economy Business & Industry Science & Tech Markets Entertainment Celebrity Movie Music TV Others Sports Soccer Basketball Tennis & Golf Others Press release Cultural Bridge Heritage & Art Education Health History People to People Travel Weibo Photo Video Special Coverage World >Americas American big business revolts from U.S. Paris deal withdrawal 2017-06-04 21:50:36 GMT2017-06-05 05:50:36(Beijing Time) Xinhua English U.S. PresidentDonald Trumpdelivers a speech at the White House in Washington D.C., capital of the United States, on June 1, 2017. U.S. PresidentDonald Trumpsaid on Thursday that he has decided to pull the United States out of the Paris Agreement, a landmark global pact to fight climate change. (Xinhua/Mike Theiler) By Peter Mertz DENVER, the United States, June 4 (Xinhua) -- U.S. President Donald Trump's announcement of withdrawal from the Paris Accord has caused a firestorm at home and led to big companies' revolt, analysts said. "It goes against smart, profitable economics, smart international policy, against American global leadership, and against ethical and moral stewardship of our planet," said Washington, D.C. political insider David B. Richardson, an attorney who worked on Capitol Hill in the 1980s. The withdrawal from the world's pre-eminent climate control agreement - signed in Paris in 2015 by 197 countries - met with widespread and growing disdain from American businesses. Leaving the Paris agreement "has no benefit other than pandering to the conservative movement's ideological opposition to multilateralism and environmental regulation," wrote Ben Adler Saturday in a Washington Post article. America's 45th president narrowly won the 2016 election with a pro-business "Make America Strong" theme. But when he ignored even conservative, pro-fossil fuel burning oil giants ExxonMobil and ConocoPhillips, who supported the Paris Agreement, he walked into a minefield, political pundits told Xinhua. Since the president's announcement of withdrawal Thursday, a number of famous American business jumped away from offering support to his decision. On Friday, Under Armour CEO Kevin Plank wrote in the Baltimore Sun, "I disagree with the decision to exit the Paris Accord." "Sustainability has always been part of our DNA: it's integral to how we live and work and is essential to our environment," Plank wrote. Ironically, Plank praised Trump's pro-business approach in February, words that were criticized by other business leaders. On Thursday, it was Elon Musk of Tesla and Disney CEO Bob Iger who stepped down from Trump's business advisory councils to protest the decision to withdraw from the Paris climate deal. "Protecting our planet and driving economic growth are critical to our future, and they aren't mutually exclusive," Iger said on Twitter. "I deeply disagree with the decision to withdraw from the Paris Agreement," he added. Musk, 45, whose net worth is 15.2 billion U.S. dollars, has founded and co-founded companies such as SpaceX, Tesla, OpenAI, Neuralink, and SolarCity. "Climate change is real. Leaving Paris is not good for America or the world," said Musk, in an announcement Thursday he would leave Trump's council. Trump created the business advisory group last December before taking office. It last met in February, and includes American business heavyweights Blackstone Group, PepsiCo, JPMorgan, and Chase & Co. Several members of this 17-member council stepped down or resigned due to controversial Trump policies, but since the Paris announcement they are leaving in droves. In addition, CEO Tim Cook of Apple, Andrew Liveris of Dow Chemical Co., and Travis Kalanick of Uber Technologies Inc. jumped ship in the past few days. On Thursday, other business giants such as Salesforce, Microsoft, Google, and Facebook CEO Mark Zuckerberg used social media to express their disappointment. Even those who announced to continue to serve on Trump's council, such as BlackRock Inc. Chief Executive Larry Fink also expressed different opinions. In a statement, Fink said he disagreed with the decision to leave the Paris Agreement calling it "a critical step forward in addressing climate change." Fink's company is the world's largest asset manager with 5.4 trillion U.S. Dollars under management. "I am a strong believer that our industry needs to have a voice with governments around the world," he said. Automobile giant General Motors announced Thursday it would stay on the president's forum, but Ford said in a statement Thursday, "climate change is real." "We remain deeply committed to reducing greenhouse gas emissions in our vehicles and our facilities," Ford said in a statement. The No. 2 U.S. car maker declined to say if it would stay on the president's council.   | PRINT | RSS SINA English is the English-language destination for news and information about China. Find general information on life, culture and travel in China through our news and special reports or find business partners through our online Business Directory. For investment opportunities with SINA, please click the link "Investor" below. | About SINA | Investor | Media Kit | Comments or Question? | Copyright © 1996-2017 SINA Corporation, All Rights Reserved
Skip to main content South China Morning Post Edition: International Hong Kong International Jobs Events Education Courses Newsletters Opinion Register / Login Search " SIGN UP FOR eNEWSLETTER Main menu Home China HK Asia World Comment Business Tech Life Culture Sport Week in asia Post Mag Style .TV All South China Morning Post Main menu China HK Asia World Comment Business Tech Life Culture Sport Week in asia Post Mag Style .TV Search " Share PrintEmail Now Reading ‘Emerging markets’ label obsolete as advanced economies become politically risky  Hong Kong Politics Economy Health & Environment Law & Crime Education & Community China Policies & Politics Diplomacy & Defence Money & Wealth Economy Society Tech This Week in Asia News Asia World Business Companies Markets Property Investor Relations Global Economy China Economy Money & Wealth Special Reports Country Reports Tech China Tech Enterprises Social & Gadgets Start-ups Apps & Gaming Innovation Leaders & Founders Science & Research Lifestyle Fashion & Luxury Travel & Leisure Motoring Families Food & Drink Health & Beauty Watches Style Good Eating 100 Top Tables Sport Hong Kong China Golf Racing Rugby HK Sevens Soccer Tennis Boxing Motorsport Comment Insight & Opinion Harry's View Blogs Polls Letters Multimedia Infographics Photos Video Magazines Post Magazine Style Good Eating Destination Macau Popular Topics Hong Kong Sevens 2017 Chief executive election 2017 Macroscope The View Inside Out & Outside In The Insider Donald Trump Money Matters China: Around The Nation South China Sea: Hague case Cathay Pacific Jake's View A-shares Brexit Advertising Solutions SCMP Mobile Edition SCMP Tablet Edition SCMP ePaper Edition SCMP.com search Historical Archive HK Magazine Archive Directories Luxehomes At your service Business Services Directory MICE Biz Restaurant Directory CPJobs.com Education Post Events Young Post Follow us on Facebook Follow us on Twitter Business›Global Economy COMMENTARY The View by Nicholas Spiro ‘Emerging markets’ label obsolete as advanced economies become politically risky Over the past year or so, the pendulum of political risk has swung even further in the direction of advanced economies PUBLISHED : Monday, 05 June, 2017, 9:34am UPDATED : Monday, 05 June, 2017, 10:47pm Comments:   Nicholas Spiro Share PrintEmail Related topics The View Banking & Finance Investing Related Articles Opinion Where to find Alpha in the era of zero interest rates 1 Jun 2017 Opinion Have banks learned anything from the 2007 financial crisis? 25 May 2017 Opinion Opinion: How to test whether you’re Liberal or Conservative 25 May 2017 Nearly a decade ago, The Economist magazine questioned the appropriateness of the term “emerging markets”. The label had become somewhat anachronistic during the 2008 global financial crisis when it was developed countries that bore the brunt – and, more importantly, were the source – of the severe banking and macroeconomic woes that wreaked havoc on the world economy. As China’s aggressive monetary and fiscal stimulus hauled the global economy out of recession, and as the leading emerging markets proved remarkably resilient to the financial mayhem in the United States and Europe, many fund managers and investors began to rethink their asset allocation process, and their perceptions of sovereign risk more generally. Jerome Booth, a prominent investor and one of the most authoritative commentators on emerging markets, went so far as to say that many developing economies had become “safe havens” because of their much lighter debt burdens, significant economic clout and, in many cases, stronger creditworthiness. Booth noted that the main difference between developing nations and their advanced counterparts was that in emerging markets, the risks were already priced in. In advanced economies, on the other hand, investors never bothered to price in the risks because they perceived developed nations as more or less risk-free. These risks, moreover, were as much – if not more – political as they were economic. In other words, investors had been underpricing (or simply ignoring) political risks in advanced economies, particularly in Europe. Fast-forward eight years, and based on the distinction between developed and developing economies favoured by Booth, the term “emerging markets” has almost certainly been rendered obsolete. Over the past year or so, the pendulum of political risk has swung even further in the direction of advanced economies. Just in the past week, cracks in the 60-year-old transatlantic alliance have widened significantly following US President Donald Trump’s decision to pull America out of the Paris accord on climate change. In Britain, meanwhile, the pound is once again under strain as opinion polls show a much tighter race between the country’s two main parties ahead of a crucial parliamentary election on Thursday. And in Italy, the next big test of populist sentiment in Europe, there is now talk of an early election in the autumn. Make no mistake, investors and traders are far more concerned about political developments in the US and Europe than in Brazil and Turkey. Emerging markets show strong growth potential, but are vulnerable to global ripples Just as importantly, the emerging-market asset class as a whole has weathered the effects of last year’s political shocks in Britain and the US with relative ease – admittedly partly because broader sentiment has held up remarkably well. At a time when there is speculation that Trump could even be impeached, emerging markets continue to enjoy a surge in capital inflows. According to JPMorgan, investors poured a further US$2.6 billion into emerging-market bond and equity funds in the week to May 31, bringing this year’s cumulative inflows to more than US$75 billion, compared with US$44 billion for the whole of 2016. Investors are also treating some of the sovereign and corporate bonds of emerging markets as a safer proposition than the debt of developed economies. The five-year credit default swap spreads – a type of insurance against the risk of default by a particular country or company – of China, Indonesia and Hungary are lower than those of Italy and Portugal. More tellingly, spreads on high-yield (or non-investment-grade) emerging-market corporate bonds, as measured by the high-yield component of JPMorgan’s benchmark emerging-market corporate bond index , are tighter than their US equivalents, mainly because of the dramatic compression in the spreads on Asian and emerging European high-yield debt. Investors and traders are far more concerned about political developments in the US and Europe than in Brazil and Turkey Yet just because the term “emerging markets” is no longer appropriate does not mean that emerging markets should be treated as safe havens. While the credit quality of many emerging markets is stronger than that of many developed economies, the argument that developing nations can somehow decouple from their advanced peers does not stand up to scrutiny. The sharp sell-off in emerging markets during the summer of 2013 following the Federal Reserve’s unexpected decision to start winding down its programme of quantitative easing is a reminder of how sensitive the asset class is to financial conditions in developed markets. Just as importantly, when China sneezes, the world catches a cold. As the International Monetary Fund recently noted, financial spillovers from the world’s second-largest economy by market exchange rates to the rest of the world “are on the rise”. Risks lurk just as much in major developing markets as they do in developed ones. Nicholas Spiro is a partner at Lauressa Advisory SCMP Today: HK Edition Get updates direct to your inbox E-mail * By registering you agree to our T&Cs & Privacy Policy Thank youYou are on the list. This article appeared in the South China Morning Post print edition as: Obsolete label must go business-article-page More articles by Nicholas Spiro Euro zone is still mired in negative government bond yields 1 Jun 2017 - 10:35pm US supplants Europe as main source of political risk 25 May 2017 - 10:37pm 1 Global currency swings show volatility is alive and kicking 23 May 2017 - 3:41pm   Most Popular Viewed 1 Is Hong Kong heading for biggest property crash since 1997? 2 Office sauna: co-working spaces with Chinese characteristics 3 Property bubble is a long way from bursting 4 Sudden order on converted apartments leaves thousands in despair 5 High time for the ‘emerging markets’ label to be scrapped Shared 1 Is Hong Kong heading for biggest property crash since 1997? 2 Office sauna: co-working spaces with Chinese characteristics 3 Property bubble is a long way from bursting 4 Neither Trump nor critics of Paris pullout will affect climate 5 High time for the ‘emerging markets’ label to be scrapped Commented 1 Air China flight in near miss with mountain on Lantau Island 2 Chinese PhD student banned by Air France after slapping airport staff 3 Hundreds have died building Hong Kong, but no one goes to jail 4 Why Hong Kong will be following the Shenzhen model by 2037 5 Protesters march to Beijing office after Tiananmen vigil Promotions Get your FREE LuxeHomes Property Outlook 2017 now! Order your FREE copy of the MICE BIZ 2017       You may also like China Mattis outrages Beijing with defence support for Taiwan 3 Jun 2017 - 11:59pm 81 Festivals reveal Macau’s Chinese heritage In partnership with Macao Government Tourism Office Hong Kong & China Is Hong Kong heading for biggest property crash since 1997? 3 Jun 2017 - 5:59pm 57 PolyU innovations win global tech awards Sponsored by: The Hong Kong Polytechnic University Hong Kong Stargazing centre and Tai O cable car axed from Lantau plan 3 Jun 2017 - 11:12pm 8 Opinion Hong Kong remains stranded in China’s post-1989 growth 4 Jun 2017 - 10:09pm 7 Hong Kong What is it like to sleep like some of the foreign domestic workers in Hong Kong? Jun 3rd 2017, 5:37pm 1 Hong Kong Meet ‘Bull’ Tsang Kin-shing, the creator of protest props in Hong Kong Jun 2nd 2017, 3:33pm Hong Kong What does paddling a dragon boat during a furious race look like? May 30th 2017, 6:27pm Hong Kong How a store that still sells kerosene stoves became a treasure trove of the community May 27th 2017, 11:18am 3 Property Hong Kong’s banks raise mortgage rates after HKMA rules 27 May 2017 - 5:53pm Hong Kong Passengers left stranded after Cathay flight hits brake problem 25 May 2017 - 12:23am 53 South China Morning Post Stay connected Facebook Twitter Hong Kong Politics Economy Health & Environment Law & Crime Education & Community News China Hong Kong Asia World China Policies & Politics Diplomacy & Defence Money & Wealth Society Economy Tech Business Companies Markets Property Investor Relations Mutual Funds Economy China Economy Money & Wealth Country Reports Tech China Tech Enterprises Social & Gadgets Start-ups Apps & Gaming Innovation Leaders & Founders Science & Research E-Commerce Lifestyle Arts & Entertainment Health & Beauty Film & TV Food & Drink Families Music Fashion & Luxury Books Travel & Leisure Watches Sport Hong Kong China Golf Racing Rugby Soccer Tennis Boxing Comment Insight & Opinion Harry's View Blogs Polls Letters Multimedia Video Photos Infographics SCMP Chronicles Magazine Post Magazine Style Good Eating Destination Macau HK Magazine Archive Other Weather Most Popular 7 Days Index Country Reports Crossword Promotions Directories Luxehomes At your service Business Services Directory MICE Biz Restaurant Directory Information Buy SCMP Photos Copyright Licensing RSS Feeds SCMP.com search Historical Archive Print Subscription Advertising Opportunities Contact our Advertising Sales HK Rate card Overseas Rate Card China Rate Card The Marketer SCMP Marketing Solutions SCMP Outdoor Advertising Recruitment Advertising Events SCMP Events Operation Santa Claus Other Sites CPJobs.com Education Post Young Post Cosmopolitan CosmoGIRL! Elle Harpers Bazaar Racing Post SCMP Mobile Edition IOS Android Window SCMP TABLET Edition iOS HTML5 Android HTML5 SCMP ePaper Edition SCMP ePaper Edition SIGN UP for SCMP eNewsletter SCMP Publishers Privacy Policy FAQs Terms & Conditions Work For Us Contact Us Copyright © 2017 South China Morning Post Publishers Ltd. All rights reserved.
Home Markets Companies Opinion Politics Technology Specials PF Portfolio My Page GST Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Editorial Comment Columnists BS Special Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll North East West South Election News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups B2B Connect Sponsored Content BS Special News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists BS Special Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups B2B Connect Sponsored Content BS Special PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page GST Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists BS Special Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups B2B Connect Sponsored Content BS Special PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page GST Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists BS Special Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups B2B Connect Sponsored Content BS Special PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page GST BS APPS iPad iPhone Android Wap BS PRODUCTS Smart Investor BS Hindi BS Motoring BS Books Today's Paper BS SPECIALS B2B Connect Power & Energy SME BS E-Paper Bs Learning Hi, Change Password Subscribe Sign out Change Password Manage My Account Sign out SIGN IN Subscribe               TRENDING ON BS #Markets #Demonetisation #BSTech #GST #BSSpecial News Stock Quote Authors  News    Stock Quote    Authors You are here: Home » News-IANS » Politics Guy Ritchie, Tom Hardy 'storm out' of restaurant Four 'Fidayeen' militants killed in retaliatory fire in Kashmir Business Standard Big business revolts from US Paris Accord withdrawal IANS  |  Washington  June 5, 2017 Last Updated at 07:00 IST email this article Message: Recipients' Email: Type address separated by commas Your Email: Enter the characters shown in the image. Send me a copy:   http://mybs.in/2UWQjYi ALSO READ Top executives slam Trump's withdrawal from Paris accord Don't confront US over withdrawal from Paris accord: Ramesh Trump to decide on Paris accord next week US to withdraw from Paris Climate Accord: Trump 'US decision will not end Paris Accord's efforts' US President Donald Trump's announcement of withdrawal from the Paris Accord has caused a firestorm at home and led to big companies' revolt, analysts said. "It goes against smart, profitable economics, smart international policy, against American global leadership, and against ethical and moral stewardship of our planet," said Washington, D.C. political insider David B. Richardson. The withdrawal from the world's pre-eminent climate control agreement -- signed in Paris in 2015 by 197 countries -- met with widespread and growing disdain from American businesses, Xinhua reported. Leaving the Paris agreement "has no benefit other than pandering to the conservative movement's ideological opposition to multilateralism and environmental regulation," wrote Ben Adler Saturday in a Washington Post article. US 45th president narrowly won the 2016 election with a pro-business "Make America Strong" theme. But when he ignored even conservative, pro-fossil fuel burning oil giants ExxonMobil and ConocoPhillips, who supported the Paris Agreement, he walked into a minefield, political pundits said. Since the president's announcement of withdrawal on Thursday, a number of famous American business jumped away from offering support to his decision. On Friday, Under Armour CEO Kevin Plank wrote in the Baltimore Sun, "I disagree with the decision to exit the Paris Accord." "Sustainability has always been part of our DNA: it's integral to how we live and work and is essential to our environment," Plank wrote. Ironically, Plank praised Trump's pro-business approach in February, words that were criticized by other business leaders. On Thursday, it was Elon Musk of Tesla and Disney CEO Bob Iger who stepped down from Trump's business advisory councils to protest the decision to withdraw from the Paris climate deal. "Protecting our planet and driving economic growth are critical to our future, and they aren't mutually exclusive," Iger said on Twitter. "I deeply disagree with the decision to withdraw from the Paris Agreement," he added. Musk, 45, whose net worth is $15.2 billion, has founded and co-founded companies such as SpaceX, Tesla, OpenAI, Neuralink, and SolarCity. "Climate change is real. Leaving Paris is not good for America or the world," said Musk. Trump created the business advisory group last December before taking office. It last met in February, and includes American business heavyweights Blackstone Group, PepsiCo, JPMorgan, and Chase & Co. Several members of this 17-member council stepped down or resigned due to controversial Trump policies, but since the Paris announcement they are leaving in droves. In addition, CEO Tim Cook of Apple, Andrew Liveris of Dow Chemical Co., and Travis Kalanick of Uber Technologies Inc. jumped ship in the past few days. On Thursday, other business giants such as Salesforce, Microsoft, Google, and Facebook CEO Mark Zuckerberg used social media to express their disappointment. Even those who announced to continue to serve on Trump's council, such as BlackRock Inc. Chief Executive Larry Fink also expressed different opinions. Fink said he disagreed with the decision to leave the Paris Agreement calling it "a critical step forward in addressing climate change." Fink's company is the world's largest asset manager with $5.4 trillion under management. "I am a strong believer that our industry needs to have a voice with governments around the world," he said. Automobile giant General Motors announced on Thursday it would stay on the president's forum, but Ford said in a statement Thursday, "climate change is real." "We remain deeply committed to reducing greenhouse gas emissions in our vehicles and our facilities," Ford said in a statement. The numbner two US car maker declined to say if it would stay on the president's council. --IANS qd/ (This story has not been edited by Business Standard staff and is auto-generated from a syndicated feed.) Read More On Big Business Revolts From Us Paris Accord Withdrawal | News-ians | Politics PREVIOUS STORY NEXT STORY RECOMMENDED FOR YOU Advertisements Cover from Natural Calamities. Buy Home Insurance Cover from Earthquake & Floods. Buy Home Insurance Big business revolts from US Paris Accord withdrawal US President Donald Trump's announcement of withdrawal from the Paris Accord has caused a firestorm at home and led to big companies' revolt, analysts said. US President Donald Trump's announcement of withdrawal from the Paris Accord has caused a firestorm at home and led to big companies' revolt, analysts said. "It goes against smart, profitable economics, smart international policy, against American global leadership, and against ethical and moral stewardship of our planet," said Washington, D.C. political insider David B. Richardson. The withdrawal from the world's pre-eminent climate control agreement -- signed in Paris in 2015 by 197 countries -- met with widespread and growing disdain from American businesses, Xinhua reported. Leaving the Paris agreement "has no benefit other than pandering to the conservative movement's ideological opposition to multilateralism and environmental regulation," wrote Ben Adler Saturday in a Washington Post article. US 45th president narrowly won the 2016 election with a pro-business "Make America Strong" theme. But when he ignored even conservative, pro-fossil fuel burning oil giants ExxonMobil and ConocoPhillips, who supported the Paris Agreement, he walked into a minefield, political pundits said. Since the president's announcement of withdrawal on Thursday, a number of famous American business jumped away from offering support to his decision. On Friday, Under Armour CEO Kevin Plank wrote in the Baltimore Sun, "I disagree with the decision to exit the Paris Accord." "Sustainability has always been part of our DNA: it's integral to how we live and work and is essential to our environment," Plank wrote. Ironically, Plank praised Trump's pro-business approach in February, words that were criticized by other business leaders. On Thursday, it was Elon Musk of Tesla and Disney CEO Bob Iger who stepped down from Trump's business advisory councils to protest the decision to withdraw from the Paris climate deal. "Protecting our planet and driving economic growth are critical to our future, and they aren't mutually exclusive," Iger said on Twitter. "I deeply disagree with the decision to withdraw from the Paris Agreement," he added. Musk, 45, whose net worth is $15.2 billion, has founded and co-founded companies such as SpaceX, Tesla, OpenAI, Neuralink, and SolarCity. "Climate change is real. Leaving Paris is not good for America or the world," said Musk. Trump created the business advisory group last December before taking office. It last met in February, and includes American business heavyweights Blackstone Group, PepsiCo, JPMorgan, and Chase & Co. Several members of this 17-member council stepped down or resigned due to controversial Trump policies, but since the Paris announcement they are leaving in droves. In addition, CEO Tim Cook of Apple, Andrew Liveris of Dow Chemical Co., and Travis Kalanick of Uber Technologies Inc. jumped ship in the past few days. On Thursday, other business giants such as Salesforce, Microsoft, Google, and Facebook CEO Mark Zuckerberg used social media to express their disappointment. Even those who announced to continue to serve on Trump's council, such as BlackRock Inc. Chief Executive Larry Fink also expressed different opinions. Fink said he disagreed with the decision to leave the Paris Agreement calling it "a critical step forward in addressing climate change." Fink's company is the world's largest asset manager with $5.4 trillion under management. "I am a strong believer that our industry needs to have a voice with governments around the world," he said. Automobile giant General Motors announced on Thursday it would stay on the president's forum, but Ford said in a statement Thursday, "climate change is real." "We remain deeply committed to reducing greenhouse gas emissions in our vehicles and our facilities," Ford said in a statement. The numbner two US car maker declined to say if it would stay on the president's council. --IANS qd/ (This story has not been edited by Business Standard staff and is auto-generated from a syndicated feed.) IANS Business Standard http://bsmedia.business-standard.com/_media/bs/wap/images/bs_logo_amp.png 177 22 Big business revolts from US Paris Accord withdrawal US President Donald Trump's announcement of withdrawal from the Paris Accord has caused a firestorm at home and led to big companies' revolt, analysts said. "It goes against smart, profitable economics, smart international policy, against American global leadership, and against ethical and moral stewardship of our planet," said Washington, D.C. political insider David B. Richardson. The withdrawal from the world's pre-eminent climate control agreement -- signed in Paris in 2015 by 197 countries -- met with widespread and growing disdain from American businesses, Xinhua reported. Leaving the Paris agreement "has no benefit other than pandering to the conservative movement's ideological opposition to multilateralism and environmental regulation," wrote Ben Adler Saturday in a Washington Post article. US 45th president narrowly won the 2016 election with a pro-business "Make America Strong" theme. But when he ignored even conservative, pro-fossil fuel burning oil giants ExxonMobil and ConocoPhillips, who supported the Paris Agreement, he walked into a minefield, political pundits said. Since the president's announcement of withdrawal on Thursday, a number of famous American business jumped away from offering support to his decision. On Friday, Under Armour CEO Kevin Plank wrote in the Baltimore Sun, "I disagree with the decision to exit the Paris Accord." "Sustainability has always been part of our DNA: it's integral to how we live and work and is essential to our environment," Plank wrote. Ironically, Plank praised Trump's pro-business approach in February, words that were criticized by other business leaders. On Thursday, it was Elon Musk of Tesla and Disney CEO Bob Iger who stepped down from Trump's business advisory councils to protest the decision to withdraw from the Paris climate deal. "Protecting our planet and driving economic growth are critical to our future, and they aren't mutually exclusive," Iger said on Twitter. "I deeply disagree with the decision to withdraw from the Paris Agreement," he added. Musk, 45, whose net worth is $15.2 billion, has founded and co-founded companies such as SpaceX, Tesla, OpenAI, Neuralink, and SolarCity. "Climate change is real. Leaving Paris is not good for America or the world," said Musk. Trump created the business advisory group last December before taking office. It last met in February, and includes American business heavyweights Blackstone Group, PepsiCo, JPMorgan, and Chase & Co. Several members of this 17-member council stepped down or resigned due to controversial Trump policies, but since the Paris announcement they are leaving in droves. In addition, CEO Tim Cook of Apple, Andrew Liveris of Dow Chemical Co., and Travis Kalanick of Uber Technologies Inc. jumped ship in the past few days. On Thursday, other business giants such as Salesforce, Microsoft, Google, and Facebook CEO Mark Zuckerberg used social media to express their disappointment. Even those who announced to continue to serve on Trump's council, such as BlackRock Inc. Chief Executive Larry Fink also expressed different opinions. Fink said he disagreed with the decision to leave the Paris Agreement calling it "a critical step forward in addressing climate change." Fink's company is the world's largest asset manager with $5.4 trillion under management. "I am a strong believer that our industry needs to have a voice with governments around the world," he said. Automobile giant General Motors announced on Thursday it would stay on the president's forum, but Ford said in a statement Thursday, "climate change is real." "We remain deeply committed to reducing greenhouse gas emissions in our vehicles and our facilities," Ford said in a statement. The numbner two US car maker declined to say if it would stay on the president's council. --IANS qd/ (This story has not been edited by Business Standard staff and is auto-generated from a syndicated feed.) IANS Business Standard http://bsmedia.business-standard.com/_media/bs/wap/images/bs_logo_amp.png 177 22 MORE ON MARKETS: Quick Links Stock Market Live Portfolio Commodity Market Upcoming IPO Personal Finance Stock Market News Derivatives Mutual Funds Gold Price Sensex Browse STOCK Companies A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 Browse Mutual Funds A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z Index Stocks ACC Adani Ports Ambuja Cem. Asian Paints Aurobindo Pharma Axis Bank B P C L Bajaj Auto Bank of Baroda Bharti Airtel Bharti Infra. Bosch Cipla Coal India Dr Reddy's Labs Eicher Motors GAIL (India) Grasim Inds H D F C HCL Technologies HDFC Bank Hero Motocorp Hind. Unilever Hindalco Inds. ICICI Bank Indiabulls Housing Finance Indian Oil Corporation Ltd. IndusInd Bank Infosys ITC Kotak Mah. Bank Larsen & Toubro Lupin M & M Maruri Suzuki NTPC O N G C Power Grid Corpn Reliance Inds. St Bk of India Sun Pharma. Inds. Tata Motors Tata Motors-DVR Tata Power Co. Tata Steel TCS Tech Mahindra UltraTech Cement Ltd Wipro Yes Bank Zee Entertainment Copyrights © 2017 Business Standard Private Ltd. All rights reserved. From BS Website Home Companies Markets Opinion Politics Technology Specials Personal Finance Budget Latest News Today's Paper RBI Policy General News General Videos General Photo Gallery Events Authors About us About Us Code of Conduct Terms & Conditions Cookie Policy Disclaimer Investor Communication Support & Contact Partner with Us Careers Advertise with Us Contact Us Feedback Browser Support Sitemap Subscribe E-Paper BS Magazines Portfolio Tracker BS Products Smart Investor BS Hindi BS Motoring BS Books B2B Connect iPhone iPad android wap BS Fund Cafe 2016 Budget Insight Out Budget 2017 Budget 2017 Budget News Budget Connect with BS Facebook Google+ Linkedin Twitter Youtube RSS Upgrade To Premium Services Welcome User Business Standard is happy to inform you of the launch of "Business Standard Premium Services" As a premium subscriber you get an across device unfettered access to a range of services which include: Access Exclusive content - articles, features & opinion pieces Weekly Industry/Genre specific newsletters - Choose multiple industries/genres Access to 17 plus years of content archives Set Stock price alerts for your portfolio and watch list and get them delivered to your e-mail box End of day news alerts on 5 companies (via email) NEW: Get seamless access to WSJ.com at a great price. No additional sign-up required.   Premium Services In Partnership with   Dear Guest,   Welcome to the premium services of Business Standard brought to you courtesy FIS. Kindly visit the Manage my subscription page to discover the benefits of this programme. Enjoy Reading! Team Business Standard  
Skip to main content South China Morning Post Edition: International Hong Kong International Jobs Events Education Courses Newsletters Opinion Register / Login Search " SIGN UP FOR eNEWSLETTER Main menu Home China HK Asia World Comment Business Tech Life Culture Sport Week in asia Post Mag Style .TV All South China Morning Post Main menu China HK Asia World Comment Business Tech Life Culture Sport Week in asia Post Mag Style .TV Search " Share PrintEmail Now Reading Rising bond yields, planned Connect scheme and stabilised yuan will all help lure more international investors  Hong Kong Politics Economy Health & Environment Law & Crime Education & Community China Policies & Politics Diplomacy & Defence Money & Wealth Economy Society Tech This Week in Asia News Asia World Business Companies Markets Property Investor Relations Global Economy China Economy Money & Wealth Special Reports Country Reports Tech China Tech Enterprises Social & Gadgets Start-ups Apps & Gaming Innovation Leaders & Founders Science & Research Lifestyle Fashion & Luxury Travel & Leisure Motoring Families Food & Drink Health & Beauty Watches Style Good Eating 100 Top Tables Sport Hong Kong China Golf Racing Rugby HK Sevens Soccer Tennis Boxing Motorsport Comment Insight & Opinion Harry's View Blogs Polls Letters Multimedia Infographics Photos Video Magazines Post Magazine Style Good Eating Destination Macau Popular Topics Hong Kong Sevens 2017 Chief executive election 2017 Macroscope The View Inside Out & Outside In The Insider Donald Trump Money Matters China: Around The Nation South China Sea: Hague case Cathay Pacific Jake's View A-shares Brexit Advertising Solutions SCMP Mobile Edition SCMP Tablet Edition SCMP ePaper Edition SCMP.com search Historical Archive HK Magazine Archive Directories Luxehomes At your service Business Services Directory MICE Biz Restaurant Directory CPJobs.com Education Post Events Young Post Follow us on Facebook Follow us on Twitter Business›Banking & Finance OPINION Across The Border by Xie Yu Rising bond yields, planned Connect scheme and stabilised yuan will all help lure more international investors Yields on China’s onshore market have risen back to their levels of late 2014, driven by the rebound in inflation and commodity prices in November and December PUBLISHED : Monday, 05 June, 2017, 7:45am UPDATED : Monday, 05 June, 2017, 7:45am Comments:   Xie Yu yu.xie@scmp.com Share PrintEmail Higher yields, easing currency concerns, and further opening up of the domestic market are likely to prompt rising investment into China’s US$9 trillion onshore market by foreign investors in the coming months, according to analysts. Bond yields on China’s onshore market have risen back to their levels of late 2014, driven by the rebound in inflation and commodity prices in November and December, and accelerated since March as interbank rates surged and the regulator cracked down on arbitrage and risky lending practises. Yields on benchmark 10-year Chinese government bonds is now up about 100 basis points to above 3.65 per cent from its low in late October, and corporate bond yields are on average up by about 200 basis points. Onshore Chinese yuan, meanwhile, has touched its highest level at above 6.75 yuan against the US dollar in nearly seven months, after China’s central bank set the yuan midpoint at the strongest point since November, in a strong show of force against short sellers. “Yuan bears will either go into hibernation or take to the sidelines licking their wounds for the foreseeable future,” said Stephen Innes, senior trader at Oanda. While both corporate and government bond yields are at their highest since 2014, Chen Long, China economist at Gavekal Dragonomics, says the sell off is not over yet, and neither is the financial crackdown. “Bad news for sellers of bonds could be good news for buyers of them. The recent rise in yields could well make the onshore bond market attractive for investors who believe the country is still headed for a structural slowdown in growth and inflation in coming years,” Chen wrote in a research note on Tuesday. “China’s sovereign and quasi-sovereign bonds could be a great longer-term macro trade if their yields decline over time along with economic growth – a trajectory that both Japan and South Korea have followed,” he added. Moody’s downgraded Chinese government bonds from A1 to Aa3 on Wednesday on long-standing concerns about declining potential growth and rising economy-wide debt, but managed to upgrade China’s outlook to stable from negative. “While lower growth and rising debt may not be good for China, they can be quite good news for fixed-income investors, especially in a market where most sovereign debt is in local currency and most of the players are domestic,” Chen wrote in the note. “Japan also suffered from declining growth, rising debt, and multiple downgrades by international ratings agencies – but Japanese government bonds have been a fantastic investment, with yields declining steadily over the past 15 years. Foreign investors now own 10 per cent of the Japanese government bond market.” Foreign investors reduced their holdings of Chinese onshore bonds in late 2015 and early 2016, and they now stand at 802 billion yuan (US$117 billion), accounting for 1.6 per cent of the market, a ratio that has not changed much over the past year as the market itself expanded rapidly. One of foreign asset managers’ biggest concerns about China over the past 18 months has been the tightening up of capital controls... The Bond Connect programme should ease some of those worries Chen Long, China economist, Gavekal Dragonomics Investment wise, Chen said the formal announcement of Hong Kong’s planned Bond Connect scheme between Hong Kong and the mainland , which it is hoped will attract more international investors to trade on China’s onshore bond market, free of quotas, should help the market expand. “One of foreign asset managers’ biggest concerns about China over the past 18 months has been the tightening up of capital controls. The Bond Connect programme should ease some of those worries, as Hong Kong’s commitment to free capital mobility has great credibility, and the free operation of the two Stock Connect programmes [between Shanghai and Shenzhen, and Hong Kong] has set a good precedent,” he wrote in the note. According to Goldman Sachs’ analysis, China bonds could account for 10 per cent of emerging market benchmark indices, and 6 per cent of global benchmarks by 2021. “Bond inclusions are more likely to start materialising in 2018, with the JP Morgan’s Government Bond Index-Emerging Markets index potentially kicking off the globalisation process of China bonds, followed by Bloomberg Barclays Global Aggregate and Citi’s WGBI by 2019-2020,” said Goldman Sachs. The inclusion into global bond indices will attract US$250 billion of inflows to China’s bond market over the next five years, the report predicts. However, there are still some unfavourable issues facing China’s onshore debt market, which are keeping international index providers from including China in the benchmarks, the report said. The first concern comes from registration, or market access. “There are several steps, forms and requirements that are needed to register for the China interbank bond market (CIBM) and the process may take several months for some investors. “Feedback from investors suggests they would like a more streamlined process, applications in one place, filling in a single form, and a faster turnaround time from the agent banks and authorities involved in CIBM registration,” the report said. While the CIBM rules do not restrict repatriation, many investors say they were also worried about the likely continued existence of “soft” capital controls, especially when outflow pressure is high, the report noted. Other concerns include market liquidity and settlement cycle. SCMP Today: HK Edition Get updates direct to your inbox E-mail * By registering you agree to our T&Cs & Privacy Policy Thank youYou are on the list. business-article-page More articles by Xie Yu Regulatory tightening seen having minimal impact on economy 26 May 2017 - 10:08pm Belt and road challenges include capital control, competition 19 May 2017 - 10:50pm Insurers to benefit from tighter regulations, rising rates 12 May 2017 - 10:17pm   Most Popular Viewed 1 Is Hong Kong heading for biggest property crash since 1997? 2 Trump is the gift that keeps giving in the new world order 3 Hong Kong remains stranded in China’s post-1989 growth 4 StanChart ends 2-year restructuring, sets sights on expansion 5 Will the tech bubble that nurtured Chinese firms last? Shared 1 Is Hong Kong heading for biggest property crash since 1997? 2 Hong Kong remains stranded in China’s post-1989 growth 3 Trump is the gift that keeps giving in the new world order 4 StanChart ends 2-year restructuring, sets sights on expansion 5 Will the tech bubble that nurtured Chinese firms last? Commented 1 Trump is the gift that keeps giving in the new world order 2 No surprise Hong Kong’s food truck scheme is failing to get into gear 3 Why Beijing wants a bigger say in who makes Hong Kong’s dream team 4 Beijing should make its own people understand Hong Kong’s Basic Law 5 Hong Kong remains stranded in China’s post-1989 growth Promotions Get your FREE LuxeHomes Property Outlook 2017 now! Order your FREE copy of the MICE BIZ 2017       You may also like Hong Kong What is it like to sleep like some of the foreign domestic workers in Hong Kong? Jun 3rd 2017, 5:37pm 1 Festivals reveal Macau’s Chinese heritage In partnership with Macao Government Tourism Office Hong Kong Meet ‘Bull’ Tsang Kin-shing, the creator of protest props in Hong Kong Jun 2nd 2017, 3:33pm Nobel Laureate sheds light on technological entrepreneurship Sponsored by: The Hong Kong Polytechnic University Hong Kong What does paddling a dragon boat during a furious race look like? May 30th 2017, 6:27pm Hong Kong How a store that still sells kerosene stoves became a treasure trove of the community May 27th 2017, 11:18am 3 Property Hong Kong’s banks raise mortgage rates after HKMA rules 27 May 2017 - 5:53pm Hong Kong Passengers left stranded after Cathay flight hits brake problem 25 May 2017 - 12:23am 53 World Outgoing WHO chief Margaret Chan defends her legacy May 24th 2017, 11:59am 5 Hong Kong Filipino woman falls to death in suspected window-cleaning accident 18 May 2017 - 5:45pm 35 Hong Kong Hong Kong HIV cases hit record high, with more younger men infected 20 May 2017 - 11:50pm 17 Opinion The US will regret snubbing China’s belt and road 19 May 2017 - 10:48pm 27 South China Morning Post Stay connected Facebook Twitter Hong Kong Politics Economy Health & Environment Law & Crime Education & Community News China Hong Kong Asia World China Policies & Politics Diplomacy & Defence Money & Wealth Society Economy Tech Business Companies Markets Property Investor Relations Mutual Funds Economy China Economy Money & Wealth Country Reports Tech China Tech Enterprises Social & Gadgets Start-ups Apps & Gaming Innovation Leaders & Founders Science & Research E-Commerce Lifestyle Arts & Entertainment Health & Beauty Film & TV Food & Drink Families Music Fashion & Luxury Books Travel & Leisure Watches Sport Hong Kong China Golf Racing Rugby Soccer Tennis Boxing Comment Insight & Opinion Harry's View Blogs Polls Letters Multimedia Video Photos Infographics SCMP Chronicles Magazine Post Magazine Style Good Eating Destination Macau HK Magazine Archive Other Weather Most Popular 7 Days Index Country Reports Crossword Promotions Directories Luxehomes At your service Business Services Directory MICE Biz Restaurant Directory Information Buy SCMP Photos Copyright Licensing RSS Feeds SCMP.com search Historical Archive Print Subscription Advertising Opportunities Contact our Advertising Sales HK Rate card Overseas Rate Card China Rate Card The Marketer SCMP Marketing Solutions SCMP Outdoor Advertising Recruitment Advertising Events SCMP Events Operation Santa Claus Other Sites CPJobs.com Education Post Young Post Cosmopolitan CosmoGIRL! Elle Harpers Bazaar Racing Post SCMP Mobile Edition IOS Android Window SCMP TABLET Edition iOS HTML5 Android HTML5 SCMP ePaper Edition SCMP ePaper Edition SIGN UP for SCMP eNewsletter SCMP Publishers Privacy Policy FAQs Terms & Conditions Work For Us Contact Us Copyright © 2017 South China Morning Post Publishers Ltd. All rights reserved.
Home China World Business Culture Sports Sci & Tech Photos Video New China More∨ In-depth Entertainment Special Reports Forum B&R Initiative Bilingual Zone Home Latest News China World Business Photos Video Culture & Edu Sports Sci & Tech Health Special Reports Entertainment New China Editions Asia & Pacific Europe Africa North America 中文 Français Русский Deutsch Español عربي 한국어 日本語 Português Editions Global Edition China Edition Africa Edition Europe Edition Asia & Pacific عربي Chinese(GB) Chinese(Big5) Français 日本語 русский Español 한국어 Deutsch Português North America American big business revolts from U.S. Paris deal withdrawal Source: Xinhua| 2017-06-05 03:47:30|Editor: yan Video PlayerClose U.S. PresidentDonald Trumpdelivers a speech at the White House in Washington D.C., capital of the United States, on June 1, 2017. U.S. PresidentDonald Trumpsaid on Thursday that he has decided to pull the United States out of the Paris Agreement, a landmark global pact to fight climate change. (Xinhua/Mike Theiler) By Peter Mertz DENVER, the United States, June 4 (Xinhua) -- U.S. President Donald Trump's announcement of withdrawal from the Paris Accord has caused a firestorm at home and led to big companies' revolt, analysts said. "It goes against smart, profitable economics, smart international policy, against American global leadership, and against ethical and moral stewardship of our planet," said Washington, D.C. political insider David B. Richardson, an attorney who worked on Capitol Hill in the 1980s. The withdrawal from the world's pre-eminent climate control agreement - signed in Paris in 2015 by 197 countries - met with widespread and growing disdain from American businesses. Leaving the Paris agreement "has no benefit other than pandering to the conservative movement's ideological opposition to multilateralism and environmental regulation," wrote Ben Adler Saturday in a Washington Post article. America's 45th president narrowly won the 2016 election with a pro-business "Make America Strong" theme. But when he ignored even conservative, pro-fossil fuel burning oil giants ExxonMobil and ConocoPhillips, who supported the Paris Agreement, he walked into a minefield, political pundits told Xinhua. Since the president's announcement of withdrawal Thursday, a number of famous American business jumped away from offering support to his decision. On Friday, Under Armour CEO Kevin Plank wrote in the Baltimore Sun, "I disagree with the decision to exit the Paris Accord." "Sustainability has always been part of our DNA: it's integral to how we live and work and is essential to our environment," Plank wrote. Ironically, Plank praised Trump's pro-business approach in February, words that were criticized by other business leaders. On Thursday, it was Elon Musk of Tesla and Disney CEO Bob Iger who stepped down from Trump's business advisory councils to protest the decision to withdraw from the Paris climate deal. "Protecting our planet and driving economic growth are critical to our future, and they aren't mutually exclusive," Iger said on Twitter. "I deeply disagree with the decision to withdraw from the Paris Agreement," he added. Musk, 45, whose net worth is 15.2 billion U.S. dollars, has founded and co-founded companies such as SpaceX, Tesla, OpenAI, Neuralink, and SolarCity. "Climate change is real. Leaving Paris is not good for America or the world," said Musk, in an announcement Thursday he would leave Trump's council. Trump created the business advisory group last December before taking office. It last met in February, and includes American business heavyweights Blackstone Group, PepsiCo, JPMorgan, and Chase & Co. Several members of this 17-member council stepped down or resigned due to controversial Trump policies, but since the Paris announcement they are leaving in droves. In addition, CEO Tim Cook of Apple, Andrew Liveris of Dow Chemical Co., and Travis Kalanick of Uber Technologies Inc. jumped ship in the past few days. On Thursday, other business giants such as Salesforce, Microsoft, Google, and Facebook CEO Mark Zuckerberg used social media to express their disappointment. Even those who announced to continue to serve on Trump's council, such as BlackRock Inc. Chief Executive Larry Fink also expressed different opinions. In a statement, Fink said he disagreed with the decision to leave the Paris Agreement calling it "a critical step forward in addressing climate change." Fink's company is the world's largest asset manager with 5.4 trillion U.S. Dollars under management. "I am a strong believer that our industry needs to have a voice with governments around the world," he said. Automobile giant General Motors announced Thursday it would stay on the president's forum, but Ford said in a statement Thursday, "climate change is real." "We remain deeply committed to reducing greenhouse gas emissions in our vehicles and our facilities," Ford said in a statement. The No. 2 U.S. car maker declined to say if it would stay on the president's council. KEY WORDS: Paris Accord YOU MAY LIKE Japanese gov't expresses regret over Trump's decision to leave Paris climate accord Macron denounces Trump's decision to withdraw from Paris climate accord Commentary: U.S. withdrawal from Paris accord a global setback Germany seeks to work with China on climate change as Trump walks away from Paris accord Global oil industry needs accord to protect prices: Venezuelan leader MORE PHOTOS Macaques attract tourists at scenic spot in SW China's Chongqing Lotus flowers blooming in south China's Guangxi Foreign students take part in TCM activity in E China's Nanjing Chinese submersible Jiaolong dives in Yap Trench Lost temple discovered after 1,000 years in Chengdu Intangible cultural heritage expo opens in east China TOP STORIES China hopes Belgium can play positive role on EU's fulfillment of WTO obligations: Li Chinese submersible Jiaolong dives in Yap Trench Weekly choices of Xinhua photos (May 29 - June 4) Stockholm Marathon 2017 held in Sweden EDITOR’S CHOICE / 01. Chinese delegation successfully makes China's voice heard at Shangri-La Dialogue / 02. Wide consultation, joint contribution and shared benefits, key to Asia-Pacific security / 03. Big shareholder stock sales plummet after new rules / 04. With Li's visit, China forges closer ties with EU / 05. Chinese, Russian officials laud bilateral military ties MOST VIEWED Musicians of Moscow military music school take part in street concert Musical held in Estonia to mark Int'l Children's Day Colorful salt lakes seen in Yuncheng city, China's Shanxi In pics: scenery of Sayram Lake in China's Xinjiang EXPLORE XINHUANET News China World Business Culture Edu Sports Sci Tech Health Entertainment Regions Asia & Pacific Americas Europe Africa Organizations North America Services Investment Doing Business Work in China Study in China Visit in China Live in China Emergency Weather More Photos Video In-depth Special Reports Corrections 010020070750000000000000011105521363395591
2 Desktop notifications are on   | Turn off Get breaking news alerts from The Washington Post Turn on desktop notifications? Yes Not now It looks like you've previously blocked notifications. Please update your browser permissions to allow them. Democracy Dies in Darkness Sections Subscribe Username Sign In Account Profile Newsletters & Alerts Gift Subscriptions Contact Us Help Desk Subscribe Account Profile Newsletters & Alerts Gift Subscriptions Contact Us Help Desk Subscribe Accessibility for screenreader Home Page U.S. & World | Regional Politics PowerPost The Fix White House Courts and Law Polling Monkey Cage Fact Checker Post Politics Blog Opinions The Post's View Toles Cartoons Telnaes Animations Local Opinions Global Opinions Letters to the Editor Act Four All Opinions Are Local Book Party Compost Erik Wemple Five Myths In Theory The Plum Line PostEverything PostPartisan Rampage Right Turn The Watch Volokh Conspiracy DemocracyPost Sports Redskins NFL MLB NBA NHL AllMetSports Soccer Boxing/MMA College Sports College Football College Basketball D.C. Sports Bog Early Lead Fancy Stats Golf Tennis Fantasy Sports Local D.C. Maryland Virginia Public Safety Education Obituaries Transportation Weather Retropolis National Acts of Faith Health and Science National Security Investigations Morning Mix Post Nation True Crime Obituaries World Africa The Americas Asia and Pacific Europe Middle East National Security WorldViews Checkpoint Business Wonkblog On Leadership Personal Finance Digger Energy and Environment Markets On Small Business World Business Capital Business Tech Innovations The Switch Lifestyle Arts and Entertainment Advice Carolyn Hax Food Travel Wellness Magazine Home and Garden Inspired Life Fashion KidsPost On Parenting Reliable Source The Intersect Solo-ish Entertainment Books Comics Comic Riffs Going Out Guide Horoscopes Movies Museums Music Puzzles and Games Theater and Dance TV Restaurants Bars & Clubs Crosswords Video World Top News Entertainment Local Popular Video Politics Live Sports Opinions National Business Technology Style Newsletters & Alerts Podcasts Cape Up Can He Do That? Presidential Sports Photography In Sight Washington Post Live Live Chats Real Estate Rentals Where We Live Recently Sold Homes Cars Jobs Classifieds Partners Express Parade WP BrandStudio washingtonpost.com 1996-2017 The Washington Post Terms of Service Privacy Policy Submissions and Discussion Policy RSS Terms of Service Ad Choices Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on Google Plus Share via Email Share on LinkedIn Share on Pinterest Share on Tumblr Resize Text Print Article Comments10+ The inside track on Washington politics. Be the first to know about new stories from PowerPost. Sign up to follow, and we’ll e-mail you free updates as they’re published. You’ll receive free e-mail news updates each time a new story is published. You’re all set! Sign up *Invalid email address Got it Got it The Post's View Opinion Opinion Interpretation of the news based on evidence, including data, as well as anticipating how events might unfold based on past events Goldman Sachs makes an irresponsible deal with the corrupt Venezuela regime The inside track on Washington politics. Be the first to know about new stories from PowerPost. Sign up to follow, and we’ll e-mail you free updates as they’re published. You’ll receive free e-mail news updates each time a new story is published. You’re all set! Sign up *Invalid email address Got it Got it A man protects himself during clashes between opposition activists and riot police, in a protest against President Nicolás Maduro's government, in Caracas, Venezuela, on June 3. (Luis Robayo/Agence France-Presse via Getty Images) By Editorial Board By Editorial Board June 4 Follow postopinions AT THE firm’s highest levels, Goldman Sachs personnel are not indifferent to important ethical and public policy concerns, whether that necessarily helps or hurts the Wall Street bank’s bottom line. We know this because chief executive Lloyd Blankfein took to Twitter for the first time ever to repudiate President Trump’s decision to withdraw the United States from the Paris accord on climate change. “Today’s decision is a setback for the environment and for the U.S.’s leadership position in the world,” Mr. Blankfein declared. Previously, he had gone public in opposition to the president’s proposed ban on travel to the United States from certain Muslim-majority nations. What, then, are we to make of Goldman Sachs fund managers’ recent secondary-market purchase, at a steep discount, of $2.8 billion worth of bonds issued by the state-owned oil company of Venezuela; that is to say, the same government that guns down pro-democracy protesters on a near-daily basis and otherwise subjects its people to vast corruption and economic privation? Well, the first thing to be said is that the transaction was a really sweet deal for Goldman and its clients. The firm paid only $865 million for the securities, a near-70 percent markdown from face value reflective of Venezuela’s parlous finances. Of course, Goldman’s fund will be entitled to $2.8 billion in 2022, when the bonds mature, and meanwhile gets 19 percent annual interest, a cool $756 million. The second thing to say, though, is what a terrible deal this is for the people of Venezuela, since on the other end of the transaction, ultimately, stands the Venezuelan central bank — which held the bonds and sold them to Goldman via a little-known intermediary. The cash Caracas reaped will help President Nicolás Maduro survive the (very) short-term, or even remain in power long enough to pay back Goldman in 2022, necessarily by imposing more brutal austerity on his people. Yes, the opposition might be in power by then; leaders pledged to stiff Goldman if it is. But the firm would probably break even under any scenario short of total debt repudiation, which would not be in a future democracy’s own interest. No wonder former Venezuelan planning minister Ricardo Hausmann, now teaching at Harvard University, calls them “hunger bonds.” To be sure, Goldman was trying to keep pace in the emerging market bond market — to meet such standards as the JPMorgan Chase Emerging Market Bond Index, of which Venezuela’s official debt is a highly remunerative component. But that simply shows Wall Street as a whole needs to rethink dealing in this utterly illegitimate regime’s obligations the same way it deals in, say, democratic Chile’s, or even the debt of more responsible undemocratic countries. Even among the world’s odious regimes, Venezuela is a special case; Mr. Hausmann has suggested the financial community could collectively curb incentives to do deals such as Goldman’s by removing Venezuelan bonds from market indexes. If Goldman Sachs and the rest of Wall Street really want a reputation for social responsibility, they will eagerly seek alternatives to business as usual with Caracas. Read more here: The Post’s View: Venezuela is heading toward cataclysm Jackson Diehl: Venezuela and the eclipse of American leadership The Post’s View: External pressure, not empty talk, can rescue Venezuela opinions Orlando Shooting Updates News and analysis on the deadliest mass shooting in U.S. history. post_newsletter348 follow-orlando true after3th false Please provide a valid email address. Sign up You’re all set! See all newsletters true :: test The story must be told. Your subscription supports journalism that matters. Try 1 month for 99¢ 10+ Comments  Share on FacebookShare   Share on TwitterTweet Share via Email 16 Show Comments Discussion Policy Comments SuperFan Badge SuperFan badge holders consistently post smart, timely comments about Washington area sports and teams. More about badges | Request a badge Culture Connoisseur Badge Culture Connoisseurs consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on the arts, lifestyle and entertainment. More about badges | Request a badge Fact Checker Badge Fact Checkers contribute questions, information and facts to The Fact Checker. More about badges | Request a badge Washingtologist Badge Washingtologists consistently post thought-provoking, timely comments on events, communities, and trends in the Washington area. More about badges | Request a badge Post Writer Badge This commenter is a Washington Post editor, reporter or producer. Post Forum Badge Post Forum members consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on politics, national and international affairs. More about badges | Request a badge Weather Watcher Badge Weather Watchers consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on climates and forecasts. More about badges | Request a badge World Watcher Badge World Watchers consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on international affairs. More about badges | Request a badge Post Contributor Badge This commenter is a Washington Post contributor. Post contributors aren’t staff, but may write articles or columns. In some cases, contributors are sources or experts quoted in a story. More about badges | Request a badge Post Recommended Washington Post reporters or editors recommend this comment or reader post. You must be logged in to report a comment. Sign in here You must be logged in to recommend a comment. Sign in here Comments our editors find particularly useful or relevant are displayed in Top Comments, as are comments by users with these badges: . Replies to those posts appear here, as well as posts by staff writers. All comments are posted in the All Comments tab. More about badges Get a badge To pause and restart automatic updates, click "Live" or "Paused". If paused, you'll be notified of the number of additional comments that have come in. Comments our editors find particularly useful or relevant are displayed in Top Comments, as are comments by users with these badges: . Replies to those posts appear here, as well as posts by staff writers. Spam Offensive Disagree Off-Topic Among the criteria for featured comments: likes by users, replies by users, previous history of valuable commenting, and selection by moderators. Facebook Twitter Reddit StumbleUpon Digg Most Read 1 Opinion Our town’s newspaper was mocked for endorsing Trump. Here’s what we think now. 2 Opinion I helped prosecute Watergate. Comey’s statement is sufficient evidence for an obstruction of justice case. 3 Opinion Trump doesn’t understand how to be president. The Comey story shows why. 4 Opinion Comey is a disgruntled ex-employee, and that’s how the Senate should view his testimony 5 Perspective Trump aides get tongue-tied trying to defend their boss The story must be told. Subscribe to The Washington Post. Subscribe Our Online Games Play right from this page Mahjongg Dimensions Strategy game Mahjongg Candy Strategy game Word Wipe Word game opinions Success! Check your inbox for details. Please enter a valid email address You might also like: Sign Up No Thanks See all newsletters Latest Editorials Trump’s FBI pick deserves intense scrutiny. Here’s what he should be ready for. The Trump administration’s birth control overhaul could do serious harm D.C.’s campaign finance office tells candidates it’s okay to ignore the rules washingtonpost.com © 1996-2017 The Washington Post   Help and Contact Us Terms of Service Privacy Policy Print Products Terms of Sale Digital Products Terms of Sale Submissions and Discussion Policy RSS Terms of Service Ad Choices Close video player Now Playing Close video player Now Playing Read content from allstate Content from Allstate This content is paid for by an advertiser and published by WP BrandStudio. The Washington Post newsroom was not involved in the creation of this content. Learn more about WP BrandStudio. We went to the source. Here’s what matters to millennials. A state-by-state look at where Generation Y stands on the big issues.
Skip to navigation Skip to content Skip to footer View text version of this page Help using this website - Accessibility statement Menu WA Today Business Login Sign-up Become a WA Today member today Join today and you can easily save your favourite articles, join in the conversation and comment, plus select which news your want direct to your inbox. Create your account now! Become a WA Today member today Join today and you can easily save your favourite articles, join in the conversation and comment, plus select which news your want direct to your inbox. Create your account now! Home News Sport Business World Politics Comment Property Entertainment Lifestyle Travel Cars Tech Video All News WA News WA Election 2017 National Environment Health Education Galleries Good Weekend NSW News Victoria News ACT News Queensland Sport AFL WA Sport Cricket Union Soccer NRL Racing Golf Basketball Cycling Motorsport Tennis Scores Athletics Swimming Boxing Sailing Netball Fitz Files Business News Markets Quotes Workplace Consumer Property Innovation Retail Economy CBD Money Small Business Politics Politics Political Opinion Video Cartoons The Pulse Federal Election 2016 Your Vote Electorate Map Comment View from the Street Blunt Instrument Obituaries Satire Heckler Entertainment Movies TV & Radio TV Guide Music Art Stage Books Your Perth Video Lifestyle News & Views Life & Relationships Health & Wellbeing Beauty Fashion Celebrity Home The Optimist Tech News Security Web Culture Innovation Sci-Tech Games Gadgets Smartphone Apps Mobiles Video News Sport Business Entertainment Lifestyle Property Cars Food Exec Style Parenting Search Site News Markets Quotes Workplace Consumer Retail Economy CBD Money Small Biz Property Innovation Home Business Economy June 5 2017 Save Print RBA becomes a lonely rate-cut candidate on Aussie growth doubts James Thornhill facebook SHARE twitter TWEET email google-plus linkedin reddit More BusinessDay: Sign up for our newsletter A month can be a long time in economics. Play Video Replay Video Play Video Don't Play Up Next GDP slows less than estimated Play Video Don't Play Video duration 02:34 More BusinessDay Videos Previous slide Next slide Video duration 01:53 The unknown recession The unknown recession Australia may have enjoyed more than 25 years without a recession, but as Peter Martin explains, it's been a close run thing. Up Next GDP slows less than estimated Play Video Don't Play Video duration 02:34 Video duration 02:34 GDP slows less than estimated GDP slows less than estimated With interest rates expected to be on hold for the rest of the year, Morgan Stanley Australia Strategist Daniel Blake says the economy is a victim of its own success. Up Next ASX winners and losers - a snapshot Play Video Don't Play Video duration 00:43 Video duration 00:43 ASX winners and losers - a snapshot ASX winners and losers - a snapshot The stand out listings traded on the ASX captured at key moments through the day, as indicated by the time stamp in the video. Up Next Sydney house prices not falling Play Video Don't Play Video duration 01:45 Video duration 01:45 Sydney house prices not falling Sydney house prices not falling Another housing story, but an important one as it cuts through the noise from those screaming disaster or never-ending boom. Michael Pascoe comments. Up Next How much can you save at Aldi? Play Video Don't Play Video duration 00:54 Video duration 00:54 How much can you save at Aldi? How much can you save at Aldi? Choice has conducted a price comparison of the average shopping basket across the major supermarkets. Up Next Australia - the new economic record holders Play Video Don't Play Video duration 02:10 Video duration 02:10 Australia - the new economic record ... Australia - the new economic record holders Here what the Treasurer has to say after Australia secured the world record for the longest period of uninterrupted economic growth. Up Next Uber fires 20 employees after harassment probe Play Video Don't Play Video duration 00:34 Video duration 00:34 Uber fires 20 employees after harassment ... Uber fires 20 employees after harassment probe Uber has fired 20 employees following an investigation into claims of harassment, discrimination, bullying and other employee concerns. Up Next Qatar increasingly isolated in diplomatic dispute Play Video Don't Play Video duration 01:36 Video duration 01:36 Qatar increasingly isolated in diplomatic ... Qatar increasingly isolated in diplomatic dispute Most of Qatar's land, air and sea ports are being blocked amid a diplomatic dispute with some its Middle Eastern neighbours. More videos The unknown recession Australia may have enjoyed more than 25 years without a recession, but as Peter Martin explains, it's been a close run thing. Since the Reserve Bank of Australia's last policy decision on May 2, market bets on an interest-rate cut by the end of this year have doubled. While that chance is still only less than 20 per cent, swaps traders late on Friday saw the nation as the only developed economy where cuts are possible in the coming year after data during May pointed to anaemic growth in the first quarter. Related Content Uncertain waters ahead for the Australian economy The one thing treasurers must not do For now, a mixed picture means governor Philip Lowe will likely hold the benchmark rate at a record-low 1.5 per cent on Tuesday. While reports since the RBA's last meeting show strong employment gains and a surprise rebound in retail sales, construction has been soft and wage growth stagnant. Advertisement Signs of a cooling housing market could also give the central bank leeway to ease down the track, after prices dropped in May for the first time in 18 months. "I've got high conviction in our view that rates will go lower," said Sally Auld, chief economist for Australia at JPMorgan Chase, who expects a rate cut next quarter. SHARE Share on Facebook SHARE Share on Twitter TWEET Link For now, a mixed picture means governor Philip Lowe will likely hold the benchmark rate at a record-low 1.5 per cent on Tuesday.  Photo: Bloomberg "We see risks that growth and inflation will probably disappoint relative to the RBA's forecast." The doves are still very much a minority. More than half of 25 economists surveyed by Bloomberg expect the cash rate to be on hold until at least the middle of next year, with six predicting a hike by then; Ms Auld is among just five forecasting a cut. No economists expect any change on Tuesday. There are two factors likely to keep the RBA on hold this month, Ms Auld said. First, it's awaiting more evidence of how lending curbs are impacting the hot east-coast property markets. Prices in the country's five biggest cities fell 1.1 per cent in May, according to a CoreLogic report last week, including a 1.3 per cent drop in Sydney. Second, uncertainty surrounds the temporary effects of Cyclone Debbie, which knocked out mine-to-port rail lines in the north Queensland coal fields for several weeks in April, meaning exports are likely to take a significant hit. The past two weeks have also seen sluggish readings of GDP components. Ahead of first-quarter data due on Wednesday, some economists are suggesting a contraction for the three months. That followed a 0.7 per cent drop in construction and a modest 0.3 per cent rise in business spending in the period. National Australia Bank last week even flagged the possibility of a technical recession in the second quarter. The RBA also has an eye on weak consumption. Retail sales grew just 0.1 per cent in the first quarter, while some well-known clothing stores, including Herringbone and Topshop Australia, have gone into administration. On a brighter note, sales rebounded 1 per cent in April, though that was partly put down to post-cyclone restocking. Despite the better than expected monthly result, "the underlying trend remains soft with spending constrained by weak wages growth and elevated underemployment", Kristina Clifton, an economist at Commonwealth Bank of Australia, said in a note. With limited scope to ease policy further, the central bank may be hoping that a ramp-up in public spending on infrastructure will help drive growth in the years ahead. In its annual budget in May, the government announced $75 billion of investment in projects over the next decade after repeated calls from the RBA and economists for such spending. But the past month's biggest stimulus was neither the central bank's or the government's doing. The Aussie dollar has fallen almost 2 per cent against the US dollar since the RBA's last meeting as the price of iron ore - the nation's biggest export - continued its decline. "I'm sure they're particularly happy with the currency here at 74 US cents and would prefer to leave it that way," said Annette Beacher, head of Asia-Pacific research at TD Securities in Singapore. "I think net-net everything is sufficiently mixed for the RBA to sit back." Bloomberg Originally published on smh.com.au as 'RBA becomes a lonely rate-cut candidate on Aussie growth doubts'. Related Content Talk of recession as Australia takes world record Advertisement HuffPost Australia Bill Gates May Soon Lose His Spot As ... Contains: External link The Big Four Whingeing About The Bank ... Contains: External link Most Popular Coles admits most of its workforce underpaid Iron ore, debt could send Aussie back to US50¢ 'You're kidding' - how Aussies banks mistreat customers Hep A frozen berries from same farm and plant as the 2015 recalled fruit Sydney householders sitting very tight – we don’t want to sell Follow BusinessDay Share on FacebookFacebook Share on TwitterTwitter Follow WA Today Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on EmailNewsletters Advertisement Most Viewed Today Previous slide Next slide Business Iron ore, debt could send Aussie back to US50¢ Coles admits most of its workforce underpaid Hep A frozen berries from same farm and plant as the 2015 recalled fruit One step forward, two back: How to rort 457 visas 'This is in effect wage theft': The problem of working at Aldi WA Today Perth boy in ICU after hospital gives insulin overdose 'The prettiest girl in the school': How teacher lured his teenage victims New footage reveals sheer violence of Andrew Bolt attack Global ranking puts one Australian uni in top 20 West Australian town with lowest toddler vaccination rate revealed The Sydney Morning Herald New footage reveals sheer violence of Andrew Bolt attack In two short sentences, the White House just partially excused terrorism Global ranking puts one Australian uni in top 20 Qantas shares flying, but Joyce hit exit button early 'She wanted to yell out but she couldn't': Four men on trial for party gang rape The Age New footage reveals sheer violence of Andrew Bolt attack 'Inspiring' reporter and journalism educator Jill Singer dead at 60 Historic industrial property set to become new suburb Death toll rises to eight in London attack after body found Boy's diary puts paedophile near beach when Beaumont children disappeared Brisbane Times Protesting councillor warned to 'get out of the way' of $115 million Wynnum Road project Claim $50,000 found in Paul Pisasale's plane luggage was for friend barrister Two new high schools planned for inner-city Brisbane In two short sentences, the White House just partially excused terrorism Sara Zelenak confirmed as killed in London terror attack Canberra Times The ACT suburb paying almost $10k in rates Popular Canberra breakfast radio team are no more What's behind the hoarding - inside 'Monaro Mall' Westside Container Village's new home In two short sentences, the White House just partially excused terrorism WA Today Share via Email Share on Facebook Share on Google Plus Share on Twitter RSS Feed Products and Services AM Edition PM Edition Good Food Guide WA Today Sitemap About Us Contact Us Advertise With Us Text Version Site Accessibility Guide Privacy Policy Conditions of Use Classifieds Classifieds & Notices Cars Dating Jobs Real Estate Commercial Real Estate Oneflare Nabo Our Sites SMH The Age AFR.com Adzuna Domain Drive RSVP Essential Baby Home Price Guide Weatherzone Fairfax Media Account Details News Store Archive Fairfax Syndication Careers Events Press Council Copyright © 2017Fairfax Media Website Feedback
null
