Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance McDonald's Co. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for McDonald's Co. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Hyatt Hotels Co. (H) Now Covered by Analysts at Guggenheim McDonald's Co. (MCD) Price Target Raised to $141.00 at JPMorgan Chase & Co. Flagstar Bancorp Inc (FBC) Upgraded to Outperform by Wedbush Nordstrom, Inc. (JWN) Downgraded by Zacks Investment Research to “Sell” Emcor Group Inc (EME) Upgraded to “Hold” at Zacks Investment Research Brinker International’s (EAT) Sell Rating Reaffirmed at BMO Capital Markets Juniper Networks, Inc. (JNPR) Receives Hold Rating from BMO Capital Markets Masco Corp (MAS) Price Target Raised to $43.00 at Royal Bank of Canada Kansas City Southern (KSU) Price Target Cut to $96.00 by Analysts at Stifel Nicolaus Stonebridge Capital Management Inc. Purchases New Position in Merrimack Pharmaceuticals Inc (MACK) Stonebridge Capital Management Inc. Has $1,398,000 Stake in Genuine Parts Company (GPC) Marin Software Inc (MRIN) Stake Held by Stonebridge Capital Management Inc. Everett Harris & Co. CA Has $490,000 Position in Minerals Technologies Inc (MTX) Everett Harris & Co. CA Has $531,000 Position in Post Holdings Inc (POST) Stonebridge Capital Management Inc. Maintains Position in Mylan (MYL) IDACORP Inc (IDA) Shares Sold by Everett Harris & Co. CA New Jersey Better Educational Savings Trust Sells 1,000 Shares of Crown Castle International Corp. (REIT) (CCI) Tealwood Asset Management Inc. Acquires Shares of 93,505 Pattern Energy Group Inc (PEGI) Molson Coors Brewing Co (TAP) Stake Increased by Tealwood Asset Management Inc. CBS Co. (CBS) Position Reduced by Tealwood Asset Management Inc. McDonald's Co. (MCD) Price Target Raised to $141.00 at JPMorgan Chase & Co. April 27th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Trevor Kearing Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Finance Tweet McDonald's Co. (NYSE:MCD) had its price objective upped by JPMorgan Chase & Co. from $136.00 to $141.00 in a research note issued to investors on Wednesday. JPMorgan Chase & Co. currently has an overweight rating on the fast-food giant’s stock. Several other equities analysts also recently commented on the stock. Vetr upgraded shares of McDonald's Co. from a sell rating to a hold rating and set a $124.33 price objective on the stock in a report on Thursday, February 2nd. Credit Suisse Group AG reiterated an outperform rating and issued a $137.00 price objective on shares of McDonald's Co. in a report on Friday, March 17th. Morgan Stanley set a $127.00 price objective on shares of McDonald's Co. and gave the company a neutral rating in a report on Tuesday, January 17th. Goldman Sachs Group Inc set a $121.00 price objective on shares of McDonald's Co. and gave the company a neutral rating in a report on Wednesday, January 25th. Finally, Nomura set a $136.00 price objective on shares of McDonald's Co. and gave the company a buy rating in a report on Wednesday, January 18th. Two research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, thirteen have given a hold rating and nineteen have assigned a buy rating to the stock. The stock currently has a consensus rating of Buy and a consensus target price of $139.73. McDonald's Co. (NYSE:MCD) traded up 0.02% on Wednesday, reaching $140.87. 5,181,422 shares of the company were exchanged. McDonald's Co. has a 12-month low of $110.33 and a 12-month high of $142.79. The stock has a 50 day moving average of $130.51 and a 200 day moving average of $122.99. The firm has a market capitalization of $115.37 billion, a PE ratio of 25.90 and a beta of 0.69. McDonald's Co. also was the recipient of some unusual options trading activity on Tuesday. Stock traders bought 22,324 put options on the stock. This represents an increase of 447% compared to the typical daily volume of 4,080 put options. McDonald's Co. (NYSE:MCD) last released its quarterly earnings data on Tuesday, April 25th. The fast-food giant reported $1.47 EPS for the quarter, beating the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of $1.33 by $0.14. McDonald's Co. had a net margin of 18.93% and a return on equity of 514.39%. The firm had revenue of $5.68 billion for the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $5.53 billion. During the same period in the previous year, the company earned $1.23 earnings per share. The company’s quarterly revenue was down 3.9% on a year-over-year basis. Equities analysts anticipate that McDonald's Co. will post $6.16 EPS for the current year. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY NOTICE: This piece of content was posted by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are accessing this piece of content on another publication, it was illegally stolen and republished in violation of United States & international trademark & copyright law. The correct version of this piece of content can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/27/mcdonalds-co-mcd-price-target-raised-to-141-00-at-jpmorgan-chase-co.html. In other McDonald's Co. news, Director John J. Mulligan acquired 1,600 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Wednesday, March 22nd. The stock was acquired at an average price of $128.94 per share, for a total transaction of $206,304.00. Following the acquisition, the director now directly owns 1,600 shares in the company, valued at $206,304. The transaction was disclosed in a filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is accessible through this link. 0.28% of the stock is owned by company insiders. A number of hedge funds and other institutional investors have recently modified their holdings of MCD. Massey Quick & Co. LLC purchased a new stake in McDonald's Co. during the fourth quarter worth $119,000. Vigilant Capital Management LLC increased its stake in McDonald's Co. by 9.4% in the first quarter. Vigilant Capital Management LLC now owns 977 shares of the fast-food giant’s stock worth $127,000 after buying an additional 84 shares in the last quarter. Zions Bancorporation increased its stake in McDonald's Co. by 0.6% in the fourth quarter. Zions Bancorporation now owns 1,069 shares of the fast-food giant’s stock worth $130,000 after buying an additional 6 shares in the last quarter. Thomas J. Herzfeld Advisors Inc. purchased a new stake in McDonald's Co. during the fourth quarter worth $131,000. Finally, D Orazio & Associates Inc. increased its stake in McDonald's Co. by 0.7% in the fourth quarter. D Orazio & Associates Inc. now owns 1,090 shares of the fast-food giant’s stock worth $133,000 after buying an additional 8 shares in the last quarter. Institutional investors and hedge funds own 67.19% of the company’s stock. About McDonald's Co. McDonald’s Corporation (McDonald’s) operates and franchises McDonald’s restaurants. The Company’s restaurants serve a locally relevant menu of food and drinks sold at various price points in over 100 countries. The Company’s segments include U.S., International Lead Markets, High Growth Markets, and Foundational Markets and Corporate. Receive News & Ratings for McDonald's Co. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for McDonald's Co. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Judge Uses Comment by President Trump in Ruling Fight for Border Wall Approaches in Attempt to Avoid Shutdown President Trump Attempting To Repeal ACA Again Vice President Pence Says North Korea Should Not Test U.S. Resolve Trump’s Back and Forth on Economics © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Peabody Energy Co. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Peabody Energy Co. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News C R Bard Inc (BCR) Downgraded by Raymond James Financial, Inc. to Mkt Perform BT Group plc (BT) Given New GBX 425 Price Target at Royal Bank of Canada Hershey Co (HSY) Updates FY17 Earnings Guidance American States Water Co (AWR) Downgraded by Zacks Investment Research to Sell ACCO Brands Co. (ACCO) Lowered to Hold at Zacks Investment Research Briggs & Stratton Co. (BGG) Downgraded by Zacks Investment Research to “Hold” Peabody Energy’s (BTU) Overweight Rating Reaffirmed at JPMorgan Chase & Co. Valeant Pharmaceuticals Intl Inc (VRX) Price Target Cut to $12.00 by Analysts at Scotiabank Analysts Offer Predictions for Nintendo Co., Ltd’s Q1 2018 Earnings (NTDOY) Capital One Financial Corp. Weighs in on Paramount Group Inc’s Q1 2018 Earnings (PGRE) Watsco Inc (WSO) Upgraded by Seaport Global Securities to “Buy” Xerox Corp’s (XRX) “Overweight” Rating Reaffirmed at Morgan Stanley Park National Co. (PRK) Upgraded to Buy at Zacks Investment Research Japan Tobacco Inc (JAPAY) Upgraded to Buy at Zacks Investment Research Canfor Pulp Products Inc (CFX) Price Target Raised to C$14.50 at Raymond James Financial, Inc. Duncker Streett & Co. Inc. Has $400,000 Stake in Marriott International Inc (MAR) First Mercantile Trust Co. Has $1.203 Million Stake in Reinsurance Group of America Inc (RGA) Dubuque Bank & Trust Co. Takes Position in Analogic Co. (ALOG) Cintas Co. (CTAS) Stake Maintained by Duncker Streett & Co. Inc. Dubuque Bank & Trust Co. Buys New Position in Easterly Government Properties Inc (DEA) Peabody Energy’s (BTU) Overweight Rating Reaffirmed at JPMorgan Chase & Co. April 27th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Trevor Kearing Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Finance Tweet JPMorgan Chase & Co. reiterated their overweight rating on shares of Peabody Energy Co. (NYSE:BTU) in a research note published on Wednesday. JPMorgan Chase & Co. currently has a $35.00 price target on the coal producer’s stock. A number of other equities research analysts have also recently weighed in on BTU. FBR & Co started coverage on Peabody Energy in a research note on Thursday, March 30th. They issued an outperform rating for the company. Clarkson Capital reiterated a buy rating and issued a $44.00 price objective on shares of Peabody Energy in a research note on Sunday, April 2nd. Stifel Nicolaus started coverage on Peabody Energy in a research note on Wednesday, April 5th. They issued a hold rating and a $29.00 price objective for the company. Finally, Seaport Global Securities started coverage on Peabody Energy in a research note on Friday, April 7th. They issued a neutral rating for the company. Two analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and five have given a buy rating to the company’s stock. The stock currently has an average rating of Buy and an average target price of $35.43. Shares of Peabody Energy (NYSE:BTU) traded down 1.06% on Wednesday, reaching $26.25. The company’s stock had a trading volume of 368,632 shares. Peabody Energy has a 1-year low of $22.61 and a 1-year high of $32.50. The company has a 50 day moving average of $26.38 and a 200 day moving average of $26.38. The stock’s market capitalization is $485.39 million. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY WARNING: “Peabody Energy’s (BTU) Overweight Rating Reaffirmed at JPMorgan Chase & Co.” was originally published by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are accessing this piece of content on another publication, it was stolen and republished in violation of US and international copyright and trademark laws. The correct version of this piece of content can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/27/peabody-energys-btu-overweight-rating-reaffirmed-at-jpmorgan-chase-co.html. In other news, major shareholder Associates L.P. Elliott acquired 67,680 shares of Peabody Energy stock in a transaction on Monday, April 24th. The stock was bought at an average price of $25.46 per share, for a total transaction of $1,723,132.80. Following the completion of the purchase, the insider now owns 1,575,769 shares in the company, valued at $40,119,078.74. The acquisition was disclosed in a document filed with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is accessible through this link. In the last quarter, insiders acquired 503,511 shares of company stock valued at $12,925,461. About Peabody Energy Peabody Energy Corporation is a coal company. The Company’s segments include Powder River Basin Mining, Midwestern U.S. Mining, Western U.S. Mining, Australian Metallurgical Mining, Australian Thermal Mining, Trading and Brokerage, and Corporate and Other. Its Powder River Basin Mining operations consist of its mines in Wyoming. Receive News & Ratings for Peabody Energy Co. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Peabody Energy Co. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Judge Uses Comment by President Trump in Ruling Fight for Border Wall Approaches in Attempt to Avoid Shutdown President Trump Attempting To Repeal ACA Again Vice President Pence Says North Korea Should Not Test U.S. Resolve Trump’s Back and Forth on Economics © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Edison International - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Edison International with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News B2Gold Corp (BTG) Expected to Announce Quarterly Sales of $148.95 Million Profund Advisors LLC Cuts Stake in Edison International (EIX) Hang Lung Properties Limited (0101) To Go Ex-Dividend on May 2nd Buckhead Capital Management LLC Has $614,000 Stake in Pacific Continental Co. (PCBK) Jacobs Engineering Group Inc (JEC) Earns “Buy” Rating from Credit Suisse Group AG ServiceNow’s (NOW) “Neutral” Rating Reaffirmed at MKM Partners InterXion Holding NV (INXN) Given “Buy” Rating at Royal Bank of Canada Vetr Inc. Lowers Goldman Sachs Group Inc (GS) to Strong Sell Covanta Holding Corp (CVA) Posts Earnings Results, Misses Estimates By $0.16 EPS Moelis & Co (MC) Releases Earnings Results, Beats Expectations By $0.12 EPS FY2017 Earnings Forecast for Debenhams PLC Issued By Jefferies Group (DBHSY) Fifth Third Bancorp (FITB) to Post FY2017 Earnings of $1.78 Per Share, Wedbush Forecasts Favorable News Coverage Extremely Likely to Impact Bank of New York Mellon Corp (BK) Share Price Medley Capital Corp (MCC) Earning Somewhat Negative Media Coverage, Report Shows FY2017 EPS Estimates for F.N.B. Corp Decreased by Boenning Scattergood (FNB) Diageo plc to Post FY2017 Earnings of $5.25 Per Share, Jefferies Group Forecasts (DEO) Aspen Insurance Holdings Limited (AHL) Earns Coverage Optimism Rating of 0.03 Traders Buy High Volume of Put Options on United Continental Holdings (UAL) Buckhead Capital Management LLC Raises Stake in Sonoco Products Co (SON) Bio-Rad Laboratories, Inc. (BIO) Shares Sold by Fisher Asset Management LLC Profund Advisors LLC Cuts Stake in Edison International (EIX) April 27th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Jeff Wilder Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Profund Advisors LLC decreased its position in Edison International (NYSE:EIX) by 14.8% during the first quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The firm owned 25,975 shares of the utilities provider’s stock after selling 4,514 shares during the period. Profund Advisors LLC’s holdings in Edison International were worth $2,068,000 at the end of the most recent reporting period. A number of other institutional investors also recently made changes to their positions in the company. Norges Bank bought a new position in shares of Edison International during the fourth quarter worth about $300,299,000. Price T Rowe Associates Inc. MD raised its position in shares of Edison International by 14.3% in the third quarter. Price T Rowe Associates Inc. MD now owns 11,220,099 shares of the utilities provider’s stock worth $810,652,000 after buying an additional 1,403,621 shares during the period. JPMorgan Chase & Co. raised its position in shares of Edison International by 8.2% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 17,550,763 shares of the utilities provider’s stock worth $1,268,042,000 after buying an additional 1,327,608 shares during the period. Russell Investments Group Ltd. bought a new position in shares of Edison International during the fourth quarter worth about $87,078,000. Finally, FIL Ltd raised its position in shares of Edison International by 144.5% in the fourth quarter. FIL Ltd now owns 2,031,339 shares of the utilities provider’s stock worth $146,236,000 after buying an additional 1,200,526 shares during the period. 81.30% of the stock is currently owned by institutional investors and hedge funds. Edison International (NYSE:EIX) traded up 0.34% during midday trading on Thursday, hitting $80.46. 623,501 shares of the stock traded hands. Edison International has a 12-month low of $67.44 and a 12-month high of $81.33. The stock has a market capitalization of $26.21 billion, a PE ratio of 20.24 and a beta of 0.15. The firm’s 50 day moving average is $79.94 and its 200-day moving average is $74.20. Edison International (NYSE:EIX) last posted its earnings results on Tuesday, February 21st. The utilities provider reported $1.02 earnings per share for the quarter, topping the Zacks’ consensus estimate of $0.95 by $0.07. Edison International had a return on equity of 9.59% and a net margin of 8.80%. The company earned $2.88 billion during the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $3.40 billion. During the same quarter last year, the firm earned $0.88 earnings per share. The company’s revenue was up 23.2% on a year-over-year basis. On average, analysts anticipate that Edison International will post $4.14 EPS for the current fiscal year. The company also recently announced a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Sunday, April 30th. Stockholders of record on Friday, March 31st will be issued a dividend of $0.5425 per share. This represents a $2.17 dividend on an annualized basis and a dividend yield of 2.71%. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Wednesday, March 29th. Edison International’s dividend payout ratio is currently 80.67%. TRADEMARK VIOLATION WARNING: “Profund Advisors LLC Cuts Stake in Edison International (EIX)” was originally posted by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are accessing this piece on another publication, it was illegally copied and republished in violation of U.S. and international trademark & copyright law. The legal version of this piece can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/27/profund-advisors-llc-cuts-stake-in-edison-international-eix.html. Several equities research analysts have issued reports on EIX shares. Zacks Investment Research raised shares of Edison International from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $81.00 price target on the stock in a report on Tuesday, January 3rd. Royal Bank of Canada set a $81.00 price target on shares of Edison International and gave the company a “buy” rating in a report on Wednesday, January 4th. Evercore ISI raised shares of Edison International from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $76.00 price target on the stock in a report on Thursday, January 19th. Barclays PLC boosted their price target on shares of Edison International from $73.00 to $77.00 and gave the company an “equal weight” rating in a report on Friday, January 20th. Finally, Deutsche Bank AG boosted their price target on shares of Edison International from $79.00 to $81.00 and gave the company a “hold” rating in a report on Tuesday, April 11th. Six equities research analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and five have given a buy rating to the company’s stock. The company has an average rating of “Hold” and a consensus price target of $81.86. In other news, insider Ronald L. Litzinger sold 26,035 shares of Edison International stock in a transaction on Wednesday, February 15th. The stock was sold at an average price of $74.64, for a total transaction of $1,943,252.40. Following the completion of the sale, the insider now owns 11,354 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $847,462.56. The transaction was disclosed in a legal filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which can be accessed through this link. Also, insider Gaddi H. Vasquez sold 3,657 shares of Edison International stock in a transaction on Friday, March 31st. The stock was sold at an average price of $80.00, for a total value of $292,560.00. Following the sale, the insider now directly owns 7,466 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $597,280. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Insiders have sold 32,192 shares of company stock valued at $2,433,387 in the last three months. Insiders own 1.51% of the company’s stock. Edison International Company Profile Edison International is the holding company of Southern California Edison Company (SCE). As of December 31, 2016, SCE, a public utility, was primarily engaged in the business of supplying and delivering electricity to an approximately 50,000 square mile area of southern California. The Company is also the parent company of Edison Energy Group, Inc (Edison Energy Group), a holding company for subsidiaries engaged in pursuing competitive business opportunities across energy services and distributed solar to commercial and industrial customers. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding EIX? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Edison International (NYSE:EIX). Receive News & Ratings for Edison International Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Edison International and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Judge Uses Comment by President Trump in Ruling Fight for Border Wall Approaches in Attempt to Avoid Shutdown President Trump Attempting To Repeal ACA Again Vice President Pence Says North Korea Should Not Test U.S. Resolve Trump’s Back and Forth on Economics © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Discover: WealthManagement.com More Menu Log In or Register Finance & Investment Multifamily Retail Office Industrial Alternative Properties Real Estate Services NREI Wire National Real Estate Investor Magazine WealthManagement.com About Us Contact Advertise Subscribe RSS Privacy Policy Terms of Service Search Log In Register Recent Recent A Guide to the New NREIonline.com Apr 27, 2017 10 Must Reads for the CRE Industry Today (April 27, 2017) Apr 27, 2017 10 Must Reads for the Commercial Real Estate Industry (April 26, 2017) Apr 26, 2017 sponsored content The Generational Divide 10 Must Reads for the CRE Industry Today (April 25, 2017) Apr 24, 2017 Featured Part 1: A Clean Outlook Apr 10, 2017 Part 2: The City or the Burbs? Apr 10, 2017 Part 3: Development and Leasing Outlook Apr 10, 2017 2017 Top Office Owners Apr 10, 2017 NREI WIRE brought to you by Ben Pruchnie/Getty Images NREI Wire 10 Must Reads for the CRE Industry Today (April 27, 2017) JPMorgan economists cut their economic growth forecast for the first quarter to 0.4 percent, reports CNBC. Treasury Secretary Mnuchin promised that the overhaul of Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac will be next on the President’s agenda, according to MarketWatch. These are among today’s must reads from around the commercial real estate industry. NREI Staff | Apr 27, 2017 JPMorgan Says the Economy Barely Grew in the First Quarter “JPMorgan Chase economists are forecasting first quarter growth of just 0.4 percent, barely a positive pulse. The economists cut their view from 0.6 percent on Wednesday, after reviewing annual revisions to retail sales data — reflecting a potentially worrisome trend of consumer weakening also seen in softer auto sales and retail sales data recently.” (CNBC) Housing Finance Overhaul May Be Finally in the Cards, Mnuchin Says “Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin on Wednesday said the Trump administration would tackle housing finance reform after it addresses tax reform, setting the stage for Washington to lay to rest the last unfinished business from the financial crisis. Housing finance has been a prickly subject for Washington ever since the 2008 crisis, when the giant quasi-governmental agencies Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac, reeling from credit losses, were made wards of the state.” (MarketWatch) Trump’s Plan Calls for the Repeal of a Tax That Once Cost Him $3 Million “President Donald Trump's administration unveiled a tax plan on Wednesday that proposes lower taxes across the board and a number of alterations to the tax code. Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin and National Economic Council director Gary Cohn announced the plan during a White House press briefing. One proposal in the plan is the repeal of the so-called alternative minimum tax. The decades-old tax, which was enacted to make sure the rich pay their fair share, cost Trump $31 million in 2005.” (Business Insider) KKR Real Estate Finance Trust to Offer 10 Million Shares in IPO “KKR Real Estate Finance Trust Inc. unveiled Wednesday the launch of its initial public offering, in which it will sell 10 million shares priced in a range of $20.50 to $21.50. The company, which originates and acquires senior loans secured by commercial real estate assets, is planning to list on the New York Stock Exchange under the ticker symbol ‘KREF.’” (MarketWatch) Rumors Circulate of Chinese Government Detaining Anbang Chief Wu Xiaohui “Chinese social media platform WeChat erupted Wednesday with reports that Wu Xiaohui, chairman of Anbang Insurance Group, has been detained by authorities in Beijing. Chinese authorities have also halted all of the insurance giant’s overseas investment, according to reports early on Wednesday. According to the media reports, the investigation into Wu is connected to a $14.5 billion loan the Anbang chairman allegedly obtained illegally from Minsheng Bank.” (The Real Deal) ULI Forecast Predicts More Room to Run for CRE “The commercial real estate market may be in the late stages of its current cycle, but the sector still has some gas in the tank for more growth ahead according to the latest ULI Real Estate Consensus Forecast. The more than 50 economists and analysts surveyed have a generally positive outlook on economic and employment growth, which in turn will help to prolong the current real estate cycle at least through 2019. While the pace of that growth is decelerating, overall growth in key property fundamentals, values, and returns are still positive.” (Seeking Alpha) Coffee Giant to Open Massive Location in Chicago “Starbucks Coffee Company is going big in the Windy City — in a space that is currently to home to one of the city’s iconic retail flagships.  The coffee retailer will open a four-level, 43,000-sq.-ft. Starbucks Reserve Roastery on Michigan Avenue in Chicago in 2019, in the building currently occupied by Crate & Barrel. The home goods chain, which has operated a store on the site for 27 years, is expected to close its door in early 2018.” (Chain Store Age) New York’s Rent Freeze Is Over “Rent-stabilized tenants will not get another rent freeze next year, according to a vote by the city’s Rent Guidelines Board. The board voted Tuesday night to set the range on rent increases on one-year leases between one and three percent. On two-year leases, the board voted for a range of two and four percent. Landlords and tenant advocates slammed the decision with both laying the blame squarely at Mayor de Blasio’s feet.” (New York Post) Billion-Dollar Mixed-Use Project Kicks Off in DC “The Parks at Walter Reed, a $1 billion mixed-use project in Washington, D.C., gets underway as TPWR Developer LLC—a joint venture of Hines, Urban Atlantic and Triden Development Group—breaks ground on the 3.1 million-square-foot transformative undertaking. The Parks, which will include newly built space and the adaptive reuse of historic structures, is the largest master-planned community under development in Northwest D.C.” (Commercial Property Executive) Power of Attorneys: The Lawyers Who Shape Everything in the World of Real Estate “Behind every power broker, power developer and power landlord is a power attorney. From Hudson Yards to the New York Wheel in Staten Island to the East River Science Park, these lawyers have been getting down and dirty in the details to make sure that all of these projects that are changing the city’s streets and skyline come to fruition. Here are seven of the legal world’s most powerful, most connected and most exciting players.” (Commercial Observer) 0 comments Hide comments Comment * More information about text formats Text format CommentsPlain text Comments Allowed HTML tags: <em> <strong> <blockquote> <br> <p> Plain text No HTML tags allowed. Web page addresses and e-mail addresses turn into links automatically. Lines and paragraphs break automatically. PublishLog in or register to comment Home page Save Related Washington Prime Group CEO Rips E-commerce ‘Hysteria’ Amid Retail Mall StrugglesApr 27, 2017 Forest City Would Attract Numerous Bidders, Activist Litt SaysApr 26, 2017 10 Must Reads for the Commercial Real Estate Industry (April 26, 2017)Apr 26, 2017 Retailers Are Going Bankrupt at a Record PaceApr 25, 2017 Load More Next Article Previous Article About Us Contact Advertise Subscribe Ad Choices Sitemap Privacy Policy Terms of Service Follow us: Copyright © 2017 Penton
null
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 27 April 2017 by Maciej Heyman BUYINS.NET: IMH, ONB, PACW, UBOH, JPM, GABC Expected to Trade Higher After Bullish Insider Trading iCrowdNewswire – Apr 27, 2017 April 26, 2017 / M2 PRESSWIRE / BUYINS.NET / http://www.squeezetrigger.com is monitoring top insider trading patterns and these stocks are the most likely to trade Higher in the next 6 months. Impac Mortgage Holdings, Inc. (NYSE:IMH), Old National Bancorp (NASDAQ:ONB), PacWest Bancorp (NASDAQ:PACW), United Bancshares Inc. (NASDAQ:UBOH), JPMorgan Chase & Co. (NYSE:JPM), German American Bancorp Inc. (NASDAQ:GABC) are all expected to go Higher as Buy signals have been generated by top insider trading patterns. The most important data elements considered when performing insider analysis are: Insiders Track Record – An insiders track record is best summarized by the Insider Score which ranges from 1 (least predictive) to 100 (most predictive) based on prior trading performance. In addition, the actual returns following the insiders prior trades are included to determine the potential magnitude of future returns. Insiders Role – Trades by higher-level insiders are generally more predictive than trades by lower level insiders. Higher-level insiders to include Chairman (CB), Chief Executive Officer (CEO), President (P), Chief Financial Officer (CFO), and Vice Chairman (VC). The chart below displays the stocks expected to go Higher along with the insider name, position, predictive insider score, 6 month expected return and number of trading decisions included in the score. Symbol Company Name Insider Name Role Shares Insider Score Avg 6 Month Return # of Dec. IMH Impac Mortgage Holdings, Inc. Pickup, Richard Hadley B 1,579,779 100 91.3% 37 ONB Old National Bancorp Williams, Daugherty Julie O 18 80 12.6% 9 PACW PacWest Bancorp Wagner, Matthew Paul CEO 2,072 83 7.4% 27 UBOH United Bancshares Inc. Young, Brian D CEO 662 78 3.5% 40 JPM JPMorgan Chase & Co. Crown, James S D 11,500 83 8.1% 7 GABC German American Bancorp Inc. Klem, U Butch D 60 89 5.7% 131 The insider buying report presents recent insider purchases, reported on Forms 3, 4, and 5 filed with the SEC. The transactions are aggregated to a ‘decision’ level which simplifies the data analysis. A decision is a grouping of buying or selling by an individual at the specified company. Impac Mortgage Holdings, Inc. (NYSE:IMH) – Impac Mortgage Holdings, Inc. operates as an independent residential mortgage lender in the United States. It operates through three segments: Mortgage Lending, Real Estate Services, and Long-Term Mortgage Portfolio. The Mortgage Lending segment primarily originates, sells, and services residential mortgage loans eligible for government securities issued through Ginnie Mae. The Real Estate Services segment provides loss mitigation and real estate services primarily on its long-term mortgage portfolio, including default surveillance, loan modification, short sale, and real estate owned surveillance and disposition services, as well as monitoring, reconciling, and reporting services for residential and multifamily mortgage portfolios. This segment provides services to investors, servicers, and individual borrowers primarily focusing on loss mitigation and performance. The Long-Term Mortgage Portfolio segment consists of residual interests in the securitization trusts reflected as trust assets and liabilities in its consolidated balance sheets. Impac Mortgage Holdings, Inc. was founded in 1995 and is headquartered in Irvine, California.. Old National Bancorp (NASDAQ:ONB) – Old National Bancorp operates as the holding company for Old National Bank that provides various financial services to individual and commercial customers in the United States. The company offers deposit accounts, including noninterest-bearing demand, negotiable order of withdrawal, savings and money market, and time deposits; and loans, such as home equity lines of credit, residential real estate loans, consumer loans, commercial loans, commercial real estate loans, letters of credit, and lease financing. It also provides debit and ATM cards, telephone access, and online banking, as well as other electronic and mobile banking services; and cash management, private banking, brokerage, trust, and investment advisory services. As of December 31, 2016, the company operated 203 banking centers located primarily in Indiana, Kentucky, Michigan, and Wisconsin. Old National Bancorp was founded in 1834 and is headquartered in Evansville, Indiana.. PacWest Bancorp (NASDAQ:PACW) – PacWest Bancorp operates as the holding company for Pacific Western Bank, a state chartered bank that provides commercial banking products and services. The company accepts demand, money market, and time deposits. It also provides real estate loans to professional developers and real estate investors for the acquisition, refinancing, and construction of commercial real estate properties; cash flow loans to finance business acquisitions and recapitalization activities; small business administration loans; asset-based loans for working capital needs; venture capital loans to support the start-up operations of entrepreneurial companies; and equipment-secured loans and leases. In addition, the company offers consumer loans comprising personal loans, auto loans, home equity lines of credit, revolving lines of credit, and other loans. Further, it provides international banking and multi-state deposit services; money market sweep products; investment advisory and asset management services; treasury and cash management services; telephone banking, and online and mobile banking services; and foreign exchange and ATM services. The company offers its products and services to small and mid-sized companies, entrepreneurial businesses and their venture capital, private equity investors, professionals, and other individuals. As of December 31, 2016, it had 77 full-service branches in the state of California; a branch in Durham, North Carolina; and loan production offices in California. The company was formerly known as First Community Bancorp and changed its name to PacWest Bancorp in April 2008. PacWest Bancorp was founded in 1999 and is based in Beverly Hills, California.. United Bancshares Inc. (NASDAQ:UBOH) – United Bancshares, Inc. operates as a bank holding company for The Union Bank Company that provides various commercial and retail banking products and services for individuals, businesses, and communities. The company accepts various deposits products, such as checking, savings and money market, demand deposit, term certificate, and individual retirement accounts, as well as certificates of deposit. It also offers various loan products, including commercial, consumer, agricultural, residential mortgage, and home equity loans. In addition, the company provides wealth management, treasury management, on-line and mobile banking, safe deposit box rental, and other personalized banking services, as well as automatic teller machines. As of March 22, 2017, it operated 15 offices in northwest and central Ohio. United Bancshares, Inc. was founded in 1904 and is headquartered in Columbus Grove, Ohio.. JPMorgan Chase & Co. (NYSE:JPM) – JPMorgan Chase & Co. operates as a financial services company worldwide. It operates through Consumer & Community Banking, Corporate & Investment Bank, Commercial Banking, and Asset & Wealth Management segments. The Consumer & Community Banking segment offers deposit and investment products and services to consumers; lending, deposit, and cash management and payment solutions to small businesses; residential mortgages and home equity loans; and credit cards, payment services, payment processing services, auto loans and leases, and student loans. The Corporate & Investment Bank segment provides investment banking products and services, including advising on corporate strategy and structure, and capital-raising in equity and debt markets, as well as loan origination and syndication; treasury services, such as cash management and liquidity solutions; and cash securities and derivative instruments, risk management solutions, prime brokerage, and research services. It also offers securities services, including custody, fund accounting and administration, and securities lending products for asset managers, insurance companies, and public and private investment funds. The Commercial Banking segment offers financial solutions, including lending, treasury, investment banking, and asset management to corporations, municipalities, financial institutions, and nonprofit entities, as well as financing to real estate investors and owners. The Asset & Wealth Management segment provides investment and wealth management services across various asset classes, such as equities, fixed income, alternatives, and money market funds; multi-asset investment management services; retirement services; and brokerage and banking services comprising trusts, estates, loans, mortgages, and deposits. JPMorgan Chase & Co. was founded in 1799 and is headquartered in New York, New York.. German American Bancorp Inc. (NASDAQ:GABC) – German American Bancorp, Inc. operates as the bank holding company for German American Bancorp that provides retail and commercial banking services. The company operates through three segments: Core Banking, Trust and Investment Advisory Services, and Insurance Operations. The Core Banking segment attracts deposits from the general public; and originates consumer, commercial and agricultural, commercial and agricultural real estate, and residential mortgage loans, as well as sells residential mortgage loans in the secondary market. The Trust and Investment Advisory Services segment provides trust, investment advisory, and brokerage services. The Insurance Operations segment offers a range of personal and corporate property and casualty insurance products. As of January 30, 2017, the company operated 51 banking offices in 19 contiguous southern Indiana counties and 1 northern Kentucky County. German American Bancorp, Inc. was founded in 1910 and is based in Jasper, Indiana.. About BUYINS.NET BUYINS.NET, http://www.buyins.net, monitors trading in all US stocks in real time and maintains massive databases of short sale and naked short sale time and sales data, short squeeze SqueezeTrigger prices, market-maker price movements, shareholder data, statistical data on earnings, sector correlation, seasonality, hedge fund trading strategies, comparable valuations. Reports include: REGULATORY & COMPLIANCE NEWS Friction Factor – Market maker surveillance system tracking Level II market makers in all stocks to determine Price Friction and compliance with new “Fair Market Making Requirements” Naked Shorts (RegSho) – Tracks EVERY failure to deliver in all US stocks and tracks all Threshold Security Lists daily for which stocks have naked shorts that are not in compliance with Regulation SHO INVESTMENTS & TRADING Earnings – Predicts probability, price move and length of move before and after all US stock earnings reports Seasonality – Predicts probability, price move and length of move based on exact time of year for all US stocks Group Correlation – Tracks sector rotation and stock correlation to its sector and predicts future moves in ALL sectors and industry groups SqueezeTrigger – Massive database that tracks EVERY short sale (not just total short interest) in all US stocks and calculates volume weighted price that a short squeeze will begin in each stock. Valuation – Tracks all known valuation models and applies them. GATS – Tracks and quantifies known trading strategies by backtesting, optimizing and running genetic algorithms and neural networks to ascertain best trading strategies. PatternScan – Automates tracking of every technical pattern and predicts next move in stocks. Insider – Tracks insiders trading records and determines trading performance. Trades by higher-level insiders are generally more predictive than trades by lower level insiders Events – Tracks patterns directly correlated to specific events. SqueezeTrigger is a registered trademark, Reg. No. 3,120,641 DISCLAIMER: BUYINS.NET is not a registered investment advisor and nothing contained in any materials should be construed as a recommendation to buy or sell any securities. [symbol] has not approved the statements made in this release. Please read our report and visit our web site, http://www.buyins.net, for complete risks and disclosures. Contact: Tom Ronk, CEO BUYINS.NET [email protected] 800-715-9999 CategoriesUncategorized TagsEnglish, Public Companies / Stock Exchange Listed Companies, stock stocks invest investing investor investments trade trader trading finance, United States Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Mobile Apps Market Growing at 11.1% CAGR by 2024 Next PostNext Brown Gibbons Lang:  Downstream Diversification Boosts Metals M&A Search Recent Posts Athletico Physical Therapy Opens in River West Dale Earnhardt Jr. Takes Another Lap at Nationwide Children’s Hospital Digital Realty to Appoint Mary Hogan Preusse to Board of Directors The Trade Desk to Announce First Quarter Fiscal Year 2017 Results Marlin Business Services Corp. Reports Record Origination Volume for First Quarter 2017 and Declares a Cash Dividend of $0.14 Per Share Proudly powered by WordPress
Local News Business Commentary Education Foods Health Archives Email Twitter Facebook Chicago Hispanic Newspaper, Lawndale News, Hispanic Bilingual Newspapers, Su Noticiero Bilingue Chicagoland's Largest Hispanic Bilingual Newspaper Content on this page requires a newer version of Adobe Flash Player. Chicagoland's Largest Hispanic Bilingual Newspaper Home Local News Business Education Health Commentary Foods Contact Media Kit Hispanic Market Internet Marketing Classifieds Apartments for Rent Help Wanted Houses For Sale Legal Notices Professional Services Miscellaneous Archives April 28, 2017 2:06 am You are here:Home Health Advocate Honors ‘Healthcare Workforce Collaborative’ Graduates Advocate Honors ‘Healthcare Workforce Collaborative’ Graduates Posted by Editor on April 27, 2017 in Health | Comments Off on Advocate Honors ‘Healthcare Workforce Collaborative’ Graduates By: Ashmar Mandou JPMorgan Chase and Advocate Health Care leadership, elected officials and community leaders joined at Advocate Illinois Masonic Medical Center to celebrate more than 90 Healthcare Workforce Collaborative graduates on April 20th. Led by Advocate and funded by JPMorgan Chase, this health care-focused, skills-based training initiative connects Chicagoland’s underemployed and unemployed residents with high-quality, in-demand jobs, like pharmacy technicians or certified nursing assistant, in the rapidly growing health care industry. After successful completion of the training and licensing exam, all participants are guaranteed an interview with Advocate and receive job placement assistance. More than 80 percent of the inaugural class graduates are now employed in the health care industry. Among one of the over 100 graduates honored was Juan Juarez, who along with his family, immigrated to the United States from Mexico with hopes of a better life. He struggled to overcome language and financial barriers for schooling, and spent years working at the local Little Caesars to make ends meet. Currently, with the help of Healthcare Workforce Collaborative, Juarez is employed as a certified nursing assistant with plans to become a registered nurse. To ensure the initiative is broad reaching and comprehensive, Advocate has led the charge in establishing strategic alliances with City Colleges of Chicago, Instituto Del Progreso Latino, Phalanx Family Services, National Latino Education Institute, Kinzie Industrial Development Corporation, South Suburban College, Jewish Vocational Services and the Chicago Cook Workforce Partnership. Comments are closed. Latest Daily Dose of Diet Soda Tied to Deadly Stroke April 27, 2017 FDA Further Restricts Pain Medication Use in Kids April 27, 2017 How Much Coffee is Safe to Drink April 27, 2017 Local Woman Joins More than 150 Illinois Residents in Capitol April 27, 2017 Advocate Honors ‘Healthcare Workforce Collaborative’ Graduates April 27, 2017 Election Board Enters Settlement Agreement with Justice Department on Accessible Polling Places April 27, 2017 Popular Nativist Rumblings in Alabama Happy Easter! ¡Felices Pascuas! Tomar el Control de su Salud: Prevención de la Diabetes The “Acceptable” New American The Bay of Pigs Museum Tags Artistas Adolescentes Aprenden el Valor de un Arduo Trabajo Artists Nationwide Brazilian Students Tour Kirie Water Reclamation Plant Challenges of Returning to School in Adulthood Chicago Chicago Air and Water Show Chicago CPS Chicago Dream Act Comparta su Historia CPS Cultura Latina Delicious Salad Meals Dream Act Dream Act chicago Dream Relief Dream Relief Chicago El Alma de la Fiesta Ending Summer on the Right Foot Ensaladas sencillas y deliciosas como plato principal Estudiantes Brasileños Recorren la Planta de Reclamación de Agua Kirie Feria de Regreso a la Escuela de la Rep. Berrios Festival Unísono en Pilsen Grant Park Spirit of Music Garden ICIRR ICIRR Receives Criticism Over Dream Relief Day ICIRR Recibe Críticas Jose Cuervo Tradicional José Cuervo José Cuervo Tradicional Celebra la Cultura Latina e Inspira Artistas a Nivel Nacional Latin Culture Los Retos de Volver a la Escuela Cuando Adultos Meijer Abre sus Puertas en el Distrito de Berwyn Meijer Opens in Berwyn District orth side Summer Fest on Lincoln Ave PepsiCo Foundation Apoya Futuros Periodistas Hispanos PepsiCo Foundation Supports Future Hispanic Journalists Share Your Story Show Acuático y Aéreo Simple StoryCorps storycorps.org Teen Artists Learn the Value of Hard Work Terminando el Verano con el Pie Derecho Unisono Festival in Pilsen ‘El Chente’ Friend us on Facebook! Lawndale News Archives 2017 January February March April 2016 January February March April May June July August September October November December 2015 January February March April May June July August September October November December 2014 January February March April May June July August September October November December 2013 January February March April May June July August September October November December 2012 January February March April May June July August September October November December 2011 April May June July August September October November December Local News Business Commentary Education Foods Health Contact Media Kit Archives Classifieds © 2017 Chicago Hispanic Newspaper, Lawndale News, Hispanic Bilingual Newspapers, Su Noticiero Bilingue. All rights reserved. XHTML / CSS Valid. Lawndale Newspapers - Chicagoland's Largest Hispanic Bilingual Newspaper - Noticiero Bilingue - Chicago & Chicago Suburbs Lawndale News , Bilingual Hispanic Newspaper, Reaching Chicago's Hispanic Bilingual Market
POLITICO Magazine Home Today's Cover Opinion Latest Stories Weekly Email Signups What Works Magazine Magazine Home Today's Cover Opinion Latest Stories Weekly Email Signups What Works Agriculture Cybersecurity Defense Education eHealth Energy & Environment Finance & Tax Health Care Employment & Immigration Technology Trade Transportation & Infrastructure Policy Agriculture Cybersecurity Defense Education eHealth Energy & Environment Finance & Tax Health Care Employment & Immigration Technology Trade Transportation & Infrastructure https://www.politicopro.com Search Search Login Account Details Log In Log Out U.S. Edition Europe Edition POLITICO Media POLITICO Florida POLITICO New Jersey POLITICO New York Menu Sections Congress White House Magazine The Agenda Latest Election Results POLITICO Live POLITICO Live Home Upcoming Events Previous Events About POLITICO Live Multimedia All Video POLITICO Podcasts Playback Blogs & Columns Playbook Plus Roger Simon On Media Josh Gerstein Rich Lowry 45 Presidential Tracker Series What Works Women Rule POLITICO Caucus Agenda 2020 The First 100 Days: Trade Connect With Us House delays Obamacare vote, denying Trump 100-day win Trump caves on the wall — and Democrats think he will again NAFTA talks after Trump's turnaround: What each country wants Will Trump Release the Missing JFK Files? The education of Donald Trump Trump tweets draw 'tidal wave of threats' Politico Playbook POLITICO's must-read briefing on what's driving the day in Washington Get the Playbook Newsletter Email Sign Up By signing up you agree to receive email newsletters or alerts from POLITICO. You can unsubscribe at any time. Facebook Twitter Google + Email Print PUNT: GOP readies a one-week government funding bill -- NAFTA here to stay -- PLAYBOOK INTERVIEW: Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin -- EXCLUSIVE: Ivanka’s new book’s preface -- WHCA weekend party guide By ANNA PALMER (anna@politico.com; @apalmerdc) and JAKE SHERMAN (sherman@politico.com; @JakeSherman) with DANIEL LIPPMAN (daniel@politico.com; @dlippman) 04/27/17 06:58 AM EDT Driving the Day Listen to the Playbook Audio Briefing http://bit.ly/2p6PiM4 ... Subscribe on iTunes http://apple.co/2eX6Eay ... Visit the online home of Playbook http://politi.co/2f51Jnf Good Thursday morning. And welcome to the beginning of the White House Correspondents Dinner weekend. Story Continued Below PLAYBOOK EXCLUSIVE -- IVANKA TRUMP’S NEW BOOK PREFACE -- Ivanka Trump has said she won’t be doing the typical press and tour for her upcoming book “Women Who Work: Rewriting the Rules for Success,” but the first daughter did write the preface to the book just days before her father’s inauguration. -- EXCERPT OF THE PREFACE: "At the time I was writing this book, my father was running for president of the United States. ... Inspiring and empowering women who work -- at all aspects of their lives -- has been my mission throughout my entire career. Today, I have the opportunity to take that work to new heights and advocate for change on a far greater scale than I’d ever imagined... "[I] will take a formal leave of absence from both The Trump Organization and my apparel and accessories brand. On paper, this separation is straightforward, but emotionally, this was not an easy decision for me to make. I have known since I was a child that I wanted to be a developer and an entrepreneur. It is diffcult to step away from businesses that I have worked hard to build and that I believe in so fully, but the potential to improve the lives of countless women and girls has caused me to fundamentally consider where my work will do the greatest good. "I recognize the privilege and responsibility I have to use my voice to make positive impact where I can. I am committed to working harder than ever to help unleash the full power of women and girls to accelerate the pace of progress both in our country and around the world -- and I look forward to furthering the cause together.” The full preface http://politi.co/2pkZ4Zb … $14.56 on Amazon http://amzn.to/2pC6omu **SUBSCRIBE to Playbook: http://politi.co/2lQswbh BIG THINGS HAPPENING -- We expect Congress to pass a week-long stop-gap government funding bill. That means a shutdown will be averted, giving the two parties time to iron out more details, but pushing this crisis into another week. That’s a bad sign for other legislative priorities. By the way: no money was included to build a wall on the U.S.-Mexico border. -- RACHAEL BADE and JOHN BRESNAHAN posted a story at 12:49 a.m., which says a vote on the new health-care bill is “increasingly unlikely this week” because moderates still remain opposed to the measure. http://politi.co/2pozBjY Speaker Paul Ryan moved to strip from the bill language that exempted lawmakers’ health care from the new bill. WHAT WE HEAR -- THE WHITE HOUSE is pushing extremely hard for a vote this week, which has sent the GOP leadership team into a frenzy. On the Hill, the push is seen as illogical. But still, there are those in senior levels of Republican leadership who see a vote as a possibility this week. The text of the legislation has been posted, so they can vote at any time, in theory. The mantra on Capitol Hill is: when you have the votes, you vote. But the GOP clearly doesn’t at this moment. There is some buzz about a Saturday vote, which would, of course, be pretty ripe with drama. No one likes working on the weekends. Will this bill ever get through? It looks more likely than ever, but it’s miles and miles from a sure thing. But, as one conservative aide told us on the Hill yesterday, Republicans are as close as ever to repealing Obamacare. At the moment, it’s not conservatives standing in the way, it’s moderates. -- THE STAKES: The White House wants to show progress by passing the bill. (They’ll never be able to muscle Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell (R-Ky.) like they are House leaders). House leadership, of course, wants to make good on their promise to repeal Obamacare, and recover from pulling the bill a few weeks ago. The conservative Freedom Caucus -- which has never dug into legislation like this -- wants to show they aren’t only a roadblock, but could be a legislative player. -- FOR THE PRESIDENT -- THE WHIP LIST: Republicans can lose roughly 22 lawmakers and still pass this bill. At least 10 have said they’re not so hot on it. Here’s the list of 10 lawmakers who have expressed their opposition in the last few days, from a Democratic strategist trying to defeat the bill. Of course, this could change at any moment. Rep. Jeff Denham (Calif.) (http://bit.ly/2qaKNl0), Rep. Ileana Ros-Lehtinen (Fla.) (http://bit.ly/2p6H9XU), Rep. Thomas Massie (Ky.) (http://bit.ly/2poDh57), Rep. Frank LoBiondo (N.J.) (http://politi.co/2qaqDHy), Rep. Leonard Lance (N.J.) (http://politi.co/2qaqDHy), Rep. Dan Donovan (N.Y.) (http://politi.co/2oOThtS), Rep. Brian Fitzpatrick (Pa.) (http://bit.ly/2oz7kbc), Rep. Charlie Dent (Pa.) (http://washex.am/2p6WLul), Rep. Barbara Comstock (http://bit.ly/2oLTPQw), Rep. Andy Biggs (Ariz.) (http://bit.ly/2oOGB6d). SUPPORTERS NOW WAFFLING: Reps. Mike Coffman (Colo.), Ryan Costello (Pa.), Mario Diaz Balart (Fla.) and Tom Reed (N.Y.). OPPONENTS WHO HAVEN’T COMMENTED: Reps. David Young (Iowa), Chris Smith (N.J.), Mark Amodei (Nev.), John Katko (N.Y.), Jaime Herrera Beutler (Wash.). NAFTA? NOT DEAD AFTER ALL -- “Trump Tells Foreign Leaders That Nafta Can Stay for Now,” by NYT’s Mark Landler and Binyamin Appelbaum: “President Trump told the leaders of Mexico and Canada on Wednesday that he would not immediately move to terminate the North American Free Trade Agreement, only hours after an administration official said he was likely to sign an order that would begin the process of pulling the United States out of the deal. “In what the White House described as ‘pleasant and productive’ evening phone calls with President Enrique Peña Nieto of Mexico and Prime Minister Justin Trudeau of Canada, Mr. Trump said he would quickly start the process of renegotiating Nafta -- not abandon it, as he said he would do during the 2016 presidential campaign if he could not rework the deal to his satisfaction. “‘It is my privilege to bring NAFTA up-to-date through renegotiation,’ Mr. Trump said in a statement issued by the White House at 10:33 p.m. ‘I believe that the end result will make all three countries stronger and better.’ … The suggestion of withdrawal, reported by Politico on Wednesday, raised anxieties in financial markets. The peso fell more than 2 percent against the dollar, and the Canadian dollar fell about 0.3 percent.” http://nyti.ms/2pCdxD3 MUST READ -- “Trump Unveils Broad Tax-Cut Plan: Broad package seeks to spark sustained 3% economic growth; Democrats hint at objections,” by WSJ’s Rich Rubin: “With Wednesday’s proposals -- which include a 15% tax rate for all businesses, lower individual rates, a bigger standard deduction to benefit middle-income households and the repeal of the estate and alternative minimum taxes -- Mr. Trump hopes to speed up economic growth and make his mark as a historic tax cutter. Still, the sweeping tax plan departed in important ways from congressional Republican proposals and alienated Democrats, giving the president a narrow path to victory through Congress. … “The [plan, which was crafted by advisers is] an outline that is heavy on ambition, light on technical detail and likely to drive up budget deficits. … “Despite their broad support for the plan, Republicans cautioned that differences remained to be worked through, and they have little margin to lose members of their own party. Republicans are split on how big a tax cut they think is feasible and what tax breaks should go away, and there are plenty of details that may divide GOP lawmakers along regional lines. Sen. Richard Shelby (R., Ala.) said he would remain wary until he saw what it would cost and how it would be paid for. ‘If it’s not paid for, were going to run a huge deficit, and we don’t want to do that,’ Mr. Shelby said.” http://on.wsj.com/2pC0Qs1 ****** A message from JPMorgan Chase & Co.: “Creating greater economic opportunity must be a responsibility and imperative for all of us,” writes Peter Scher, head of Corporate Responsibility at JPMorgan Chase. What are the key inputs for creating lasting impact in our communities? Learn more about driving inclusive economic growth in the JPMorgan Chase Corporate Responsibility Report http://politi.co/2ouiWI5 ****** PLAYBOOK INTERVIEW: Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin Steven Mnuchin is a new player in Washington, but he’s already been thrust into President Donald Trump’s top priority: overhauling the tax code. As part of Trump’s 100-day push, Mnuchin and other top White House officials laid out the broad brushstrokes for Trump’s vision for tax reform -- they are calling it “the largest tax cut in the history.” The devil, of course, is always in the details when trying to get things done in Washington. Mnuchin said the Treasury Department has more than 100 people focused on crunching the numbers for tax reform and they have had regular meetings with the House and Senate tax writing panels. “I think this is all about creating economic growth, creating jobs and this is really the president’s priority,” Mnuchin said in a Playbook Interview following the rollout. “We’re excited to move forward fast. We had a very productive meeting [Tuesday] night at the Senate with the leadership and we’re committed to working with them closely to go through all the details and turning this into a bill that can be passed and the president can sign.” OTHER HIGHLIGHTS: TRUMP WILL TAKE AN ACTIVE ROLE: “I think it’s clear that the president has strong views on tax reform and will be playing a leadership role, but this is an absolute partnership with the House and the Senate to get this done.” EXPECT MASSIVE CUTS: “On the personal side what we announced [Wednesday], is that our intention is to keep the mortgage interest deduction and keep charitable deductions. Those are two things that we think are just critically important. The housing markets are a very big part of the economy. We want to continue to encourage people to support charitable contributions, but a starting point is we’re cutting everything else. That’s a pretty massive change. On the business side, we’re going to be going through and again we’ll come back with the details, but in return for lowering rates we are going to get rid of a bunch of deductions.” DEMOCRATS ARE WELCOME: “I hope there are a lot of Democrats that cross the aisle and support this. I don’t know why they wouldn’t since this is about creating jobs for Americans and making American business competitive and creating a middle income tax cut, so I hope that’s the case. If it’s not the case, we’ll consider using reconciliation.” FIRST STEP IS LISTENING SESSIONS: “We’re starting with listening sessions … I think we’ll move this forward. And again, as I said, I’m hopeful that there are Democrats who come on board.” THIS BILL IS GOOD NEWS FOR K STREET: “We’ve reached out to lots and lots of business groups, small businesses, big businesses from all different sectors and we’ll continue to take input both from the Hill and people in the economy.” JOSH DAWSEY, SHANE GOLDMACHER AND ALEX ISENSTADT on Trump’s 100 Days: “The education of Donald Trump”: “The 70-year-old leader of the free world sat behind his desk in the Oval Office last Friday afternoon, doing what he’s done for years: selling himself. His 100th day in office was approaching, and Trump was eager to reshape the hardening narrative of a White House veering off course. So he took it upon himself to explain that his presidency was actually on track, inviting a pair of POLITICO reporters into the Oval Office for an impromptu meeting. He sat at the Resolute desk, with his daughter Ivanka across from him. One aide said the chat was off-the-record, but Trump insisted, over objections from nervous-looking staffers, that he be quoted. “He addressed the idea that his senior aides weren’t getting along. He called out their names and, one by one, they walked in, each surprised to see reporters in the room—chief of staff Reince Priebus, then chief strategist Steve Bannon, and eventually senior adviser Jared Kushner. ‘The team gets along really, really well,’ he said. He turned to his relationships with world leaders. ‘I have a terrific relationship with Xi,’ he said, referring to the Chinese president, who Trump recently invited for a weekend visit at his Mar-a-Lago resort. “Finally, he rattled off the biggest hits of his first three months and promised more to come. It was classic Trump: Confident, hyperbolic and insistent on asserting control. But interviews with nearly two dozen aides, allies, and others close to the president paint a different picture – one of a White House on a collision course between Trump’s fixed habits and his growing realization that this job is harder than he imagined when he won the election on Nov. 8.” http://politi.co/2p6VJyr TIM ALBERTA in Politico Magazine, “Social Conservatives Are ‘Over the Moon’ About Trump: Nearly 100 days into his presidency, Donald Trump has become the unlikely champion of the Christian right: “Once a punch line in conservative circles and a walking worst-case-scenario for many on the religious right, Donald Trump has emerged in the early days of his administration as something else entirely: a crusader for traditional social values.” http://politi.co/2poD81l HMM – “Exclusive interview: Trump ‘absolutely’ looking at breaking up 9th Circuit,” by Washington Examiner’s Sarah Westwood: “‘Absolutely, I have,’ Trump said of considering 9th Circuit breakup proposals during a far-ranging interview with the Washington Examiner at the White House. ‘There are many people that want to break up the 9th Circuit. It’s outrageous.’” http://washex.am/2q9883m -- FOR THE RECORD: This won’t happen. THE JUICE … -- KYLE LIERMAN is launching Civic Advisors, a social-impact strategy and consulting group to work with “mission driven companies, non-profits, philanthropy, advocacy organizations and sports and entertainment leaders.” The group’s work includes Obama and Biden legacy initiatives like It’s On Us, Better Make Room and the effort to make two-years of community college free. And, they’re working with UNICEF USA and have partnered with talent management agency Montag Group on social responsibility in sports. The veteran Obama-Biden staffer is teaming up with 16 White House alums, including Alex Sopko, Elias Alcantara, Noland Chambliss, Devin Hampton, Hannah Hankins, Marie Harf and David Heifetz, among others. http://bit.ly/2pC2nye -- NBC’S CHUCK TODD has an exclusive interview with Vice President Mike Pence Saturday to air on Sunday’s “Meet the Press.” -- THE CAFE MILANO CROWD, WED. NIGHT EDITION: At separate tables: Lyndon Boozer, Rep. Joe Kennedy (D-Mass.) and Vinoda Basnayake, CNN Chairman Jeff Zucker dining with Wolf Blitzer. -- FIRST LOOK: SEN. JEANNE SHAHEEN (D-N.H.), the only woman on Senate Foreign Relations and a member of the Armed Services Committee, will deliver a keynote speech today at noon on Russia’s attacks on the U.S. democracy and the need for a strategy to fight back. Excerpt: “Putin’s challenge to us is about more than hacking America’s democracy. The architecture of alliances and partnerships that has been at the heart of America’s national security for more than seven decades is also at risk. This is not acceptable. We need a bolder, more aggressive strategy for punishing Russia and countering its efforts to undermine our democracies. I believe this strategy should have at least four components: imposing more rigorous sanctions, bolstering NATO, demonstrating stronger support for Ukraine, and countering the Russian propaganda juggernaut.” -- REP. JOE CROWLEY (D-N.Y.) is also speaking today to the Center for American Progress Action Fund on a theme of “broken promises and President Trump’s first 100 days”: “Since election day, I’ve struggled to reconcile what voters told us, and what Democrats stand for. That’s because Democrats are the ones focused on lifting up hardworking Americans. But unfortunately, too many Americans didn’t hear us – they don’t believe that we share their same vision for America. So, I think that’s how we got to this point – Donald Trump was able to capitalize at the right moment, when people were looking for someone to make these kinds of promises. As hard as it’s been for Democrats, we have to acknowledge that for whatever reason, people were listening to this guy – because he was telling them what they wanted to hear.” -- JON ALLEN and AMIE PARNES' "Shattered" is No. 1 on the combined print/e-book NYT best-seller list. SEN. ELIZABETH WARREN is No. 1 on the non-fiction list, and No. 2 on the combined list. HEADS UP -- "Metro workers planning ‘sick-out’ Friday," by WaPo's Martine Powers: "Members of Metro’s largest labor union are planning a 'sick-out' Friday to protest the transit agency’s new absenteeism policy. Metro said in a statement that the agency had received nearly 500 requests for advance absences for Friday, 'a rate that is many times higher than normal.' All of those requests were denied. 'We expect to offer full bus and rail service for our customers as scheduled on Friday,' Metro said in a statement." http://wapo.st/2p6N6nG MARK YOUR CALENDARS -- PLAYBOOK EXCHANGE EVENT IN SAN FRANCISCO -- We’re coming to San Francisco May 10 for conversations over cocktails. We’re looking forward to talking with HOUSE MAJORITY LEADER KEVIN MCCARTHY (R-CALIF.) in his home state. California Playbookers Carla Marinucci and David Siders will chat with CALIFORNIA ATTORNEY GENERAL XAVIER BECERRA and we’ll also lead a conversation with REP. ERIC SWALWELL (D-CALIF.). Interested in attending or learning more? Email us politicolive@politico.com Playbook Reads PHOTO DU JOUR: Former Vice President Joe Biden laughs after handing the ball to a referee in the second half of a NBA playoff game between the Washington Wizards and the Atlanta Hawks at the Verizon Center in Washington, D.C., on April 26. | Rob Carr/Getty Images DEEP DIVE -- NYT A1, “Bribe Cases, a Jared Kushner Partner and Potential Conflicts: President Trump’s son-in-law, a top adviser, had help building a real estate empire from a member of one of Israel’s wealthiest families,” by Jesse Drucker: “It was the summer of 2012, and Jared Kushner was headed downtown. His family’s real estate firm, the Kushner Companies, would spend about $190 million over the next few months on dozens of apartment buildings in tony Lower Manhattan neighborhoods including the East Village, the West Village and SoHo. For much of the roughly $50 million in down payments, Mr. Kushner turned to an undisclosed overseas partner. Public records and shell companies shield the investor’s identity. But, it turns out, the money came from a member of Israel’s Steinmetz family, which built a fortune as one of the world’s leading diamond traders. “A Kushner Companies spokeswoman and several Steinmetz representatives say Raz Steinmetz, 53, was behind the deals. His uncle, and the family’s most prominent figure, is the billionaire Beny Steinmetz, who is under scrutiny by law enforcement authorities in four countries. In the United States, federal prosecutors are investigating whether representatives of his firm bribed government officials in Guinea to secure a multibillion dollar mining concession. In Israel, Mr. Steinmetz was detained in December and questioned in a bribery and money laundering investigation. In Switzerland and Guinea, prosecutors have conducted similar inquiries. ... Dealings with the Steinmetz family could create complications for Mr. Kushner. The Justice Department, led by Trump appointees, oversees the investigation into Beny Steinmetz.” http://nyti.ms/2qi60Wy REPLACING JASON CHAFFETZ -- “GOP's latest Freedom Caucus headache: Oversight chairmanship,” by Rachael Bade and John Bresnahan: “Speaker Paul Ryan and House GOP leaders are facing their worst nightmare: a Freedom Caucus-run House committee. But Trey Gowdy might bail them out. House Oversight Chairman Jason Chaffetz’s announcement last week that he might soon resign from Congress has triggered a behind-the-scenes battle for one of the highest-profile chairmanships on Capitol Hill. And the power vacuum has the potential to cause GOP leaders serious heartburn. “[Ohio Rep. Jim] Jordan is next in line if the most senior member, Rep. Jimmy Duncan of Tennessee, decides not to run. Former Oversight Chairman Darrell Issa of California is third in seniority, but he’s chaired the panel before. So GOP leaders could face a quandary whether to reward someone whose past behavior has tripped up their agenda and infuriated most of the GOP conference. Jordan wouldn’t say whether he would run, though people close to him believe he will. ‘We’ll see,’ was all Jordan would say when asked Wednesday whether he wanted the gavel. ‘Right now, Chaffetz is the chairman, and I want to continue to support the chairman.’ … “GOP leaders and their allies are so worried about a Jordan candidacy that they've begun buttonholing Rep. Trey Gowdy (R-S.C.) -- the former chairman of the House Benghazi Committee and a dark-horse candidate for the Oversight post -- to run, according to multiple House sources. While Gowdy often jokes that he hates the high-profile nature of his job and would rather be home watching Hallmark movies with his wife, insiders say he is now considering a bid.” http://politi.co/2q9lxbF -- JUST SAYING … This whole Jason Chaffetz thing is getting weirder by the day. He announced he would not run again, and then started hinting he’d resign early. He spoke with Jake and told him he wanted to make money, and would love a TV contract. Last night, he posted on Instagram (http://bit.ly/2p6EAFo) that he’s having a plate and screws removed from his foot or else he would be “at risk for serious infection.” He said he’d be gone for between three and five weeks. WE HEAR … Chaffetz met with Speaker Paul Ryan last night. ****** A message from JPMorgan Chase & Co.: “The same attributes that drive business success –innovation, ingenuity and the ability to efficiently marshal human and financial capital – also offer tremendous promise to help solve pressing societal challenges.” Read “Private Enterprise for Public Good” by JPMorgan Chase Chairman and CEO Jamie Dimon in our annual Corporate Responsibility Report. http://politi.co/2pLN1Uy ****** HILL WATCH -- “House Russia investigators agree on schedule, get new access to documents after ‘reset,’” by CNN’s Tom LoBianco, Manu Raju and Jeremy Herb: “The House Russia investigation is not just back on track, it’s chugging on -- with an agreed-upon plan to call high-profile witnesses from the campaign of President Donald Trump, new access to intelligence documents and plans to work longer hours in Washington. ... House Russia investigation leader Mike Conaway ... and Rep. Adam Schiff, the lead Democrat on the investigation, met and agreed on a likely witness schedule, culled from a witness list that investigators say includes 3-4 dozen names.” http://cnn.it/2qhHc0P BEYOND THE BELTWAY – “Democrats turn the screws on border wall builders: The idea is to punish businesses that work on Donald Trump’s project,” by California Playbooker David Siders: “Democrats in cities and statehouses across the country are pressing forward with a calculated, long-range effort designed to undermine Trump’s plan by turning the screws on the businesses that work on the project. In California, Democratic lawmakers on Tuesday advanced a measure to bar the state from awarding contracts to any company involved in the wall’s construction, while a bill to prevent the state’s massive pension funds from investing in those companies stands pending. Lawmakers introduced similar measures in New York and Rhode Island. The city of San Francisco is considering a blacklist, and Berkeley adopted one last month.” http://politi.co/2oOXONd -- FOR YOUR RADAR: “Isis faces exodus of foreign fighters as its ‘caliphate’ crumbles,” by The Guardian’s Martin Chulov in Istanbul, Jamie Grierson in London and Jon Swaine in New York: “Large numbers of foreign fighters and sympathisers are abandoning Islamic State and trying to enter Turkey, with at least two British nationals and a US citizen joining an exodus that is depleting the ranks of the terror group. ... Dozens [of] foreigners have fled in recent weeks, most caught as they tried to cross the frontier, as Isis’s capacity to hold ground in Syria and Iraq collapses. Some – it is not known how many – are thought to have evaded capture and made it across the border into Turkey.” http://bit.ly/2qaLZEL COUNTERPROGRAMMING -- FIRST IN PLAYBOOK -- Americans for Responsible Solutions, the anti-gun violence PAC started by former Rep. Gabrielle Giffords (D-Ariz.), who survived a constituent shooting in 2011, and her husband Mark Kelly, is out with a new report “Dangerous and Deceptive: The State of the Gun Lobby in 2017.” The effort comes as the National Rifle Association is holding its annual convention, which Trump is slated to speak at Friday. The report http://bit.ly/2potDiQ … Release http://politi.co/2q9lGfd ISLAND SWAP -- “John Kerry is switching islands,” by Boston Globe’s Mark Arsenault and Mark Shanahan: “Could a Nantucket guy ever really be happy on Martha’s Vineyard? … Last year, Kerry and his wife put their Nantucket compound on the market, and in March, the couple bought an historic waterfront home in Chilmark, the up-island Vineyard town where the Obama family retreated for summer vacation when they inhabited the White House. Kerry’s exclusive new enclave at Seven Gates Farm is remote and secluded, far from the crowds that jam Edgartown and Oak Bluffs in the summer. The sale was first reported by the Vineyard Gazette.” http://bit.ly/2poPQNP MEDIAWATCH – “Daniel Halper joins Drudge Report,” by Hadas Gold and Daniel Lippman: “Matt Drudge, the founder and editor of the influential site DrudgeReport.com, has hired Daniel Halper, two sources familiar with the move confirmed to POLITICO. Halper was most recently Washington bureau chief of The New York Post, a position he held for just under a year. Halper was previously online editor at the conservative magazine The Weekly Standard and in 2014 published the book ‘Clinton Inc.’” http://politi.co/2pAMCaH -- per Morning Media: ALEXANDER MARQUARDT is joining CNN as a senior national correspondent. The ABC news veteran, who’s spent the last decade as a foreign correspondent based out of Beirut, Jerusalem and Moscow, will shift his beat stateside, covering domestic and breaking news out of New York. -- ERICA ORDEN is leaving the Wall Street Journal’s headquarters in New York to move to D.C. to join the paper’s politics team as a White House investigative reporter. BRET STEPHENS INTERVIEW – “The NYT’s new columnist defends his views on Arabs, Black Lives Matter, campus rape,” by Vox’s Jeff Stein: http://bit.ly/2qhCvnx Playbookers SPOTTED -- Joe Biden courtside last night at the Wizards-Hawks game. The former VP was sitting with Mark Ein, and exchanged pleasantries with Playbook Palm Beach correspondent Luke Russert. Biden -- or Russert, we’re not sure -- got a standing ovation. … former Bush White House Counsel and Supreme Court nominee Harriet Miers yesterday in the Longworth House Office Building … Valerie Jarrett yesterday going into Blue Duck Tavern, which is right across from the Obama offices in the West End. OUT AND ABOUT – The Food Policy Action Education Fund and the Environmental Working Group hosted more than 30 award-winning chefs at their Plate of the Union Farm Bill Summit on Wednesday at Republic Restoratives Distillery in Northeast D.C. Top chefs and food policy leaders met to talk about the farm bill. The summit ended with a lively reception kicked off by Michelin-star chef Jose Andres. Pics http://bit.ly/2pC232y … http://bit.ly/2qb5VY7 SPOTTED: Food Policy Action co-founder Tom Colicchio, Chef and Bizarre Foods host Andrew Zimmern, Rep. James McGovern (D-Mass.), Rep. Chellie Pingree (D-Maine), Rep. Earl Blumenauer (D-Ore.), EWG Chairman Ken Cook and the James Beard Foundation’s Katherine Miller. --SPOTTED at last night’s kickoff party for the 2017 Congressional Women’s Softball Game, held at the National Rural Electric Cooperative Association Capitol Hill townhouse: Reps. Cheri Bustos (D-Ill.), Debbie Wasserman Schultz (D-Fla.), Ed Perlmutter (D-Colo.), Ileana Ros-Lehtinen (R-Fla.), Michelle Lujan Grisham (D-N.M.), Stephanie Murphy (D-Fla.), Martha Roby (R-Ala.), Sen. Kirsten Gillibrand (D-N.Y.), Lynn Sweet, Emmarie Huetteman, Amy Walter, Brianna Keilar, Elena Schneider, Lisa Desjardins, Atalie Ebersole of Grant Thornton, Aimee Vargas of Anheuser-Busch, Tom Manatos of Spotify and Jenn Richey of Young Survival Coalition. --On Wednesday evening, David Litt and Brad Jenkins of Funny or Die hosted the writers from “Full Frontal” for drinks at The Gibson. SPOTTED: Travon Free, Mike Memoli, Hadas Gold, Ben Chang, Olivia Pavco Giaccia, Alexis Krieg, Ashley Chang, Sopan Deb, Heather Wild, Luis Miranda, Jon Ward. SPOTTED last night at the Tribeca Film Festival premiere of “From The Ashes,” a documentary about coal (trailer: http://bit.ly/2oOXIFd): Mike Bloomberg, John Kerry, Diane Lane, Ed Norton, Kevin Sheekey, Jane Rosenthal, Diane Taylor, Patti Harris, Mitchell Moss, Michael Brune, Lisa Belzberg, Tammy Haddad, Jane Hoffman, Liz Robbins, Richard Cohen, Katie Thomson, David Adler, Katherine Oliver, Adam Levine. TRANSITIONS -- Brooke Lillard, former deputy director of broadcast media in the Obama White House, is joining the Blue Dog Coalition as communications director. … Longtime Capitol Hill staffer Christopher Barkley has been named as policy director for the Senate Republican Policy Committee. Barkley, currently senior policy adviser to Senator Ben Sasse (R-Neb.), replaces Arjun Mody, now a principal at S-3 Group. … Johanna Maska, former senior Obama White House official and marketing executive, has started as the new CEO of the international consulting firm the Global Situation Room, Inc. http://politi.co/2q9rDcg STATE VISIT -- MSNBC’s Morning Joe Senior Producer Jesse Rodriguez celebrated his birthday early last night at Del Campo in DC with colleague Michael Larosa and friends Michael Zona, CNN’s Richard Hudock and Peter Morris, Greg Martin, Mike Valerio, Robert Edmonson, Mitchell Rivard and Kyle Hill. OUT AND ABOUT: There was a big send off for Mitch McConnell’s outgoing chief of staff, Brian McGuire at Sidecar last night. SPOTTED: Burgess Everett, Seung Min Kim, Jim Rowley, Michael Steel, Molly Ball, Glenn Thrush, Jonathan Martin, Donna Cassata, Erica Werner, Jon Ward, Sahil Kapur, Alex Bolton, Paul Kane, Sean Sullivan, Don Stewart, Antonia Ferrier, David Popp, Josh Holmes, John Ashbrook, Rich Edson, Kevin McLaughlin, Alex Conant, Joe Pounder, Jahan Wilcox, Brian Callanan, Joel Gehrke, Kristina Peterson, Shane Goldmacher and Alex Rogers. -- Crossroads Strategies and JDA Frontline threw a party Wednesday night for more than 300 people to showcase their new office space. SPOTTED: Becky Tallent, Kristin Smyth, Joanna Acocella, Chet Lott, Elizabeth Baker, Catherine Bohigian, Bobby Thomson, Pace Bradshaw, Ryan Guthrie, Sam Whitfield, Chip Burkhalter, James Dozier, Lee Dunn, Stewart Jeffries, AJ Bhadelia, Jim Papa, Marissa Padilla, Hugh Gamble, Michael Lewan, Tim Clark, former Sen. Trent Lott (Miss.), Brian Yates, Michael Thompson, Lane Penry, Steve Tilton, Matt Sulkala, Mary Pat Lawrence, Richard McDonnell, Todd Dupler, Michael Lewan. WHCA PARTY GUIDE – THURSDAY: Washingtonian president and CEO Cathy Merrill Williams and Gloria Dittus of Story Partners are hosting the 4th Annual Washington Women in Journalism Awards reception at Dittus’ home in Kalorama from 6 to 9 p.m. ... Allen Gannett, Eric Kuhn, John McCarthy and Susanna Quinn are hosting the “Bytes and Bylines” party from 7 to 10 p.m. at DTR Modern Gallery in Georgetown. ... IJR is hosting “The Golden Age of Journalism” party from 8 to 11 p.m. at the Carnegie Library. ... … FRIDAY: Katherine and David Bradley are hosting a VIP “celebratory dinner” starting at 6:15 p.m. at their house in Georgetown. ... Capitol File Magazine, the British Ambassador and Lady Darroch are hosting a party from 6 to 9 p.m. at the British Ambassador’s residence. ... Real Clear Politics is hosting a “Toast to the First Amendment” from 7 to 10 p.m. at the National Restaurant Association. … Mother Nature Network is hosting its third annual White House Correspondents’ Jam at The Hamilton from 7-11 p.m., headlined by Billy Bob Thornton and his band, The Boxmasters, and featuring Chuck Leavell of the Rolling Stones, as well as 4 other journalist-led bands. ... The New Media Party, featuring DJ Sylo, is from 8:30 p.m. to midnight at WeWork White House at 1440 G St NW ... United Talent Agency, Jay Sures and Dan Abrams are hosting a party to celebrate “the First Amendment and excellent in journalism” from 9 p.m. to 1 a.m. at Fiola Mare. ... ... SATURDAY: Tammy Haddad and her friends are hosting her annual Garden Brunch from 11 a.m. to 2 p.m. in Georgetown at the home of Jefferson Hotel owner Connie Milstein. ... Samantha Bee and her show “Full Frontal” is taping the “Not the White House Correspondents’ Dinner” at 3 p.m. (dress code: black tie) at DAR. ... BuzzFeed is hosting a “Red White & Banned” party from 8 p.m. to 12:30 a.m. at the Brixton at 901 U St., NW. ... Atlantic Media and CBS News host a pre-dinner reception at the Washington Hilton starting at 6 p.m. ... Thomson Reuters is hosting pre-party (from 6 to 7:30) and after-dinner drinks (until midnight) at the Washington Hilton. ... #DemsInExile is hosting a WHCD after-party at the Exiles Bar on U Street from 10 p.m. to 2 a.m. ... MSNBC is hosting its traditional after-party, this time at the Organization of American States. ... … SUNDAY: CNN is hosting a “Political Hangover” brunch from 10 a.m. to 2 p.m. at Longview Gallery. ... Elena and Robert Allbritton and Politico are hosting their annual garden brunch from 11 a.m. to 2 p.m. at their residence in Georgetown. ... Thomson Reuters is hosting its annual brunch from 11 to 2 p.m. at the Hay Adams Hotel. … Rep. Carolyn Maloney (D-N.Y.) is hosting a women’s correspondents brunch and mimosas reception from 11:00 am to 2:00 pm at her residence on Capitol Hill. BIRTHDAY OF THE DAY: WaPo columnist Dana Milbank, the pride of Merrick, N.Y. How he’s celebrating: “Having friends over to choose wines for my wedding next month to Anna Greenberg.” Read his Playbook Plus Q&A: http://politi.co/2ozlJ78 BIRTHWEEK (was yesterday): Toby Tyler of Sen. Lindsey Graham’s office (hat tip: Megan McKinley, who was on time) BIRTHDAYS: Christina Reynolds ... Adam Clymer ... Sen. Cory Booker (D-N.J.) is 48 ... Rep. GK Butterfield (D-N.C.) is 7-0 ... Hannah Kim ... West Virginia Gov. Jim Justice is 66 ... James Prussing ... Lee Whack Jr. is 33 ... Politico California Playbook co-author Carla Marinucci ... Rep. Daniel Webster (R-Fla.) is 68 ... Weesie Vieira, founder of Cadette Public Relations and a BuzzFeed and CBS alum (h/t Katie Rayford) ... Alex De Luca, deputy press secretary for EMILY’s List ... Doug Rediker of International Capital Strategies (h/t daughter Caroline) ... Auburn fan Erica Elliott, principal at Jochum Shore & Trossevin PC ... Politico’s Aubree Weaver ... Marin Watters, all around good kid and Playbook loyalist, is 11 ... Mark Gardner ... Anna Soellner, comms at Reddit ... Michael Crittenden, SVP at Mercury and a WSJ alum ... Gail Hoffman … Will Marshall, president and founder of the Progressive Policy Institute ...Charlie Thornton, director of leg affairs for the CFTC and previously was senior professional staff and counsel for House Ag, is 31 (h/t Zack Roday) … Max Everett, Fortalice Solutions Cyber guru and Bush 43 alum ... Sonia Holman, president of the Mt Vernon Group and the pride of Andover, Massachusetts (h/ts Ed Cash) ... ... Dan Gerstein, president of Gotham Ghostwriters (h/t Jon Haber) ... David Hudson, digital strategist at Precision Strategies, who was the associate director of content in the White House Office of Digital Strategy where he helped manage email outreach, the We the People petitions platform, and the White House blog (h/t Tom Zigo) ... Dan Lindner, comms director for Rep. Raul Grijalva ... Lee Brenner of Microsoft ... Seth Mnookin, co-director of MIT’s Graduate Program in Science Writing ... Eric Gioia … Adam Dickter … Connor Walsh, founder and managing director at Build Digital and a Cantor alum ... Mebus Behrle, USC Schwarzenegger Institute’s director of special projects ... Lauren Camera, national education reporter at U.S. News ... Bryan Denton, a star photojournalist based in Beirut and frequent contributor to the NYT … Alicia “Lisa” Shepard ... Wayne Laugesen, editorial page editor at Colorado Springs Gazette ... Andrew Brenneman ... Jon Fasman, Southeast Asia bureau chief for The Economist ... Chicago’s Jamie Citron, an Obama alum ... Joseph Ricca ... Sondy Pope Roberts (h/ts Teresa Vilmain) ... Emily Hogin ... Ken Reidy … Artyom Matusov ... Molly Magarik ****** A message from JPMorgan Chase & Co.: The universal drivers of inclusive growth include workforce development, small business expansion, financial health and neighborhood revitalization. Learn more about our model for impact in the JPMorgan Chase Corporate Responsibility Report http://politi.co/2pMVfi8 ****** SUBSCRIBE to the Playbook family: POLITICO Playbook http://politi.co/1M75UbX ... New York Playbook http://politi.co/1ON8bqW … Florida Playbook http://politi.co/1OypFe9 ... New Jersey Playbook http://politi.co/1HLKltF ... Massachusetts Playbook http://politi.co/1Nhtq5v … Illinois Playbook http://politi.co/1N7u5sb ... California Playbook http://politi.co/2bLvcPl ... Brussels Playbook http://politi.co/1FZeLcw ... All our political and policy tipsheets http://politi.co/1M75UbX « View Archives Authors: Anna Palmer anna@politico.com @apalmerdc Jake Sherman sherman@politico.com @JakeSherman Daniel Lippman daniel@politico.com @dlippman About The Author Anna Palmer is a senior Washington correspondent for POLITICO and co-author of POLITICO’s Playbook, the most indispensable morning newsletter for the biggest influencers in politics. Anna covers the world of Congress and politics, and has successfully chronicled the business of Washington insiders for years. Her stories take readers behind the scenes for the biggest fights in Washington as well as the 2016 election. Prior to becoming POLITICO’s senior Washington correspondent, Anna was the co-author of the daily newsletter, POLITICO Influence, considered a must-read on K Street. Anna previously covered House leadership and lobbying as a staff writer for Roll Call. She got her start in Washington journalism as a lobbying business reporter for the industry newsletter Influence. She has also worked at Legal Times, where she covered the intersection of money and politics for the legal and lobbying industry, first as a staff writer and then as an editor. A native of North Dakota, Anna is a graduate of St. Olaf College, where she was executive editor of the weekly campus newspaper, the Manitou Messenger. She lives in Washington, D.C. SUBSCRIBE to Politico Playbook: http://politi.co/1M75UbX About The Author Jake Sherman is a senior writer for POLITICO and co-author of POLITICO’s Playbook, the most indispensable morning newsletter for the biggest influencers in politics. Jake is the top congressional reporter on Capitol Hill and has built a career on landing hard-to-get scoops Since 2009, Jake has chronicled all of the major legislative battles on Capitol Hill, and has also traveled the country to cover the battle for control of Congress. Jake takes readers inside the rooms where decisions are made. His high-impact reporting resulted in the resignation of Aaron Schock. Before landing at POLITICO, Jake worked in the Washington bureaus of The Wall Street Journal, Newsweek and the Minneapolis Star Tribune. He also interned on the metro desk of The Journal News (N.Y.) and, during high school, worked on the sports desk of the Stamford Advocate (Conn.). Jake is a Connecticut native, and a graduate of The George Washington University — where he edited The GW Hatchet — and Columbia University's Graduate School of Journalism. Jake lives in Washington with his wife Irene, and listens to an unhealthy amount of Grateful Dead and Phish. SUBSCRIBE to Politico Playbook: http://politi.co/1M75UbX About The Author Daniel Lippman is a reporter for POLITICO and a co-author of POLITICO's Playbook, the most indispensable morning newsletter for the biggest influencers in politics. Before joining POLITICO, he was a fellow covering environmental news for E&E Publishing and a reporter for The Wall Street Journal in New York. He has also interned for McClatchy Newspapers and Reuters. During a stint freelancing in 2013, he traveled to the Turkish-Syrian border to cover the impact of the Syrian civil war for The Huffington Post and CNN.com. He graduated from The Hotchkiss School in 2008 and from The George Washington University in 2012. Daniel hails from the Berkshires in western Massachusetts and enjoys playing tennis, seeing movies and trying out new restaurants in his free time. SUBSCRIBE to Politico Playbook: http://politi.co/1M75UbX Trump: I thought presidency would be ’easier’ than ’previous life’ Playbook - POLITICO Archive Thursday, 4/27/17 Wednesday, 4/26/17 Tuesday, 4/25/17 Monday, 4/24/17 Sunday, 4/23/17 View the Full Playbook Archives » Politico Magazine Washington Could Use a Man Like Nixon Again By Bob Dole The Russia Investigations Are a Joke By Donna Brazile Teddy Roosevelt Is Rolling Over in His Grave By David Yarnold Social Conservatives Are ‘Over the Moon’ About Trump By Tim Alberta More on POLITICO Core Footer - dropdown links U.S. Edition Europe Edition POLITICO Links News POLITICO Home Magazine 2016 Elections Congress Video Podcasts POLITICO Pro POLITICO Media POLITICO Florida POLITICO New Jersey POLITICO New York POLITICO Live Blogs, Columns & Cartoons Roger Simon On Media Josh Gerstein Matt Wuerker Rich Lowry Cartoon Carousel Tipsheets The 2016 Blast Playbook Huddle The Friday Cover Influence Morning Agriculture Morning Cybersecurity Morning Defense Morning Education Morning eHealth Morning Energy Morning Money Morning Score Morning Shift Morning Tax Morning Tech Morning Trade Morning Transportation Pulse Prescription Pulse Policy Agriculture Campaigns Cybersecurity Defense Education eHealth Energy & Environment Finance & Tax Health Care Employment & Immigration Technology Trade Transportation & Infrastructure More Info About Us Advertising Breaking News Alerts Credit Card Payments Digital Edition Employment FAQ Feedback Headlines Photos POWERJobs Press Register Print Subscriptions RSS/Widgets Site Map Store © 2017 POLITICO LLC Terms of Service Privacy Policy
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Hansteen Holdings plc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Hansteen Holdings plc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News JPMorgan Chase & Co. Increases Hansteen Holdings plc (HSTN) Price Target to GBX 125 Investors Buy Large Volume of Call Options on Wal-Mart Stores (WMT) Capnia Inc (CAPN) Short Interest Update Circassia Pharmaceuticals PLC (CIR) Rating Reiterated by Stifel Nicolaus Fifth Third Bancorp (FITB) Rating Reiterated by BMO Capital Markets Benchmark Co. Initiates Coverage on iPass Inc. (IPAS) Jefferies Group LLC Reiterates “Neutral” Rating for The Coca-Cola Co (KO) Akorn, Inc. (AKRX) Rating Reiterated by Gabelli Splunk Inc (SPLK) Rating Lowered to Hold at Zacks Investment Research Creative Planning Has $452,000 Stake in EQT Midstream Partners LP (EQM) McDonald's Co. (MCD) Stake Maintained by Cordasco Financial Network Visa Inc (V) Shares Bought by Bridges Investment Management Inc. Nadler Financial Group Inc. Reduces Stake in McDonald's Co. (MCD) Nadler Financial Group Inc. Increases Position in Altria Group Inc (MO) 2U Inc (TWOU) Shares Bought by Macquarie Group Ltd. Waverton Investment Management Ltd Continues to Hold Stake in Altria Group Inc (MO) Teva Pharmaceutical Industries Ltd (TEVA) Cut to Buy at Vetr Inc. Visa Inc (V) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Oppenheimer Holdings Inc. Cantor Fitzgerald Reaffirms “Hold” Rating for Twitter Inc (TWTR) Q1 2017 Earnings Forecast for W&T Offshore, Inc. (WTI) Issued By Capital One Financial Corp. JPMorgan Chase & Co. Increases Hansteen Holdings plc (HSTN) Price Target to GBX 125 April 27th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Patrick Bannon Filed Under: Analyst Articles - UK - Finance Tweet Hansteen Holdings plc (LON:HSTN) had its price objective upped by analysts at JPMorgan Chase & Co. from GBX 110 ($1.41) to GBX 125 ($1.60) in a research report issued on Tuesday. The firm presently has an “underweight” rating on the real estate investment trust’s stock. JPMorgan Chase & Co.’s price target suggests a potential upside of 0.40% from the stock’s current price. A number of other research firms also recently issued reports on HSTN. Jefferies Group LLC boosted their price objective on shares of Hansteen Holdings plc from GBX 105 ($1.34) to GBX 130 ($1.66) and gave the company a “hold” rating in a report on Tuesday, March 21st. Liberum Capital boosted their price objective on shares of Hansteen Holdings plc from GBX 130 ($1.66) to GBX 135 ($1.73) and gave the company a “buy” rating in a report on Thursday, March 30th. Numis Securities Ltd reissued an “add” rating and issued a GBX 135 ($1.73) price objective on shares of Hansteen Holdings plc in a report on Monday, March 20th. Finally, Peel Hunt boosted their price objective on shares of Hansteen Holdings plc from GBX 120 ($1.53) to GBX 135 ($1.73) and gave the company a “buy” rating in a report on Monday. Two investment analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, two have assigned a hold rating and two have given a buy rating to the stock. The company presently has a consensus rating of “Hold” and a consensus price target of GBX 132 ($1.69). Hansteen Holdings plc (LON:HSTN) opened at 124.70 on Tuesday. The stock’s 50 day moving average is GBX 121.72 and its 200-day moving average is GBX 113.24. Hansteen Holdings plc has a 12 month low of GBX 94.50 and a 12 month high of GBX 130.83. The firm’s market cap is GBX 929.14 million. The firm also recently disclosed a dividend, which will be paid on Thursday, May 18th. Shareholders of record on Thursday, April 20th will be issued a GBX 3.70 ($0.05) dividend. The ex-dividend date is Thursday, April 20th. This represents a yield of 3.01%. This is an increase from Hansteen Holdings plc’s previous dividend of $2.20. TRADEMARK VIOLATION NOTICE: This news story was reported by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are reading this news story on another publication, it was illegally stolen and republished in violation of United States & international copyright & trademark law. The correct version of this news story can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/27/jpmorgan-chase-co-increases-hansteen-holdings-plc-hstn-price-target-to-gbx-125.html. About Hansteen Holdings plc Hansteen Holdings PLC is a real estate investment trust (REIT). The Company’s principal activities consist of property investment, development, management and associated business, focusing on industrial property investments in Continental Europe and the United Kingdom. The Company’s segments are its geographical locations, which include Belgium, France, Germany, Netherlands and the United Kingdom. Receive News & Ratings for Hansteen Holdings plc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Hansteen Holdings plc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Judge Uses Comment by President Trump in Ruling Fight for Border Wall Approaches in Attempt to Avoid Shutdown President Trump Attempting To Repeal ACA Again Vice President Pence Says North Korea Should Not Test U.S. Resolve Trump’s Back and Forth on Economics © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Terex Co. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Terex Co. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News JPMorgan Chase & Co. Upgrades Terex Co. (TEX) to Overweight Bank of America Corp Upgrades Best Buy Co Inc (BBY) to Buy DSP Group, Inc. (DSPG) Stock Rating Lowered by Wunderlich Maxim Group Reiterates “Buy” Rating for Etsy Inc (ETSY) Centene Corp (CNC) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Cantor Fitzgerald Morgan Advanced Ma (MCRUF) Cut to “Sell” at Zacks Investment Research LaSalle Hotel Properties (LHO) Downgraded by Zacks Investment Research to “Sell” Cheniere Energy Partners LP (CQP) Expected to Announce Earnings of $0.35 Per Share Tesco Co. (TESO) Expected to Announce Quarterly Sales of $35.53 Million $5.23 Million in Sales Expected for Zogenix, Inc. (ZGNX) This Quarter Zacks: Analysts Anticipate Cheniere Energy Partners LP (CQP) Will Announce Quarterly Sales of $425.16 Million Regions Financial Corp (RF) Receives Daily Media Sentiment Rating of 0.29 Flotek Industries (FTK) Given Daily Coverage Optimism Rating of 0.28 Evertec (EVTC) Getting Positive News Coverage, Report Shows Patterson-UTI Energy (PTEN) Receives News Impact Rating of 0.23 Zacks: Brokerages Anticipate Curis, Inc. (CRIS) Will Post Quarterly Sales of $2 Million Old Line Bancshares, Inc. (MD) (OLBK) Getting Somewhat Positive Press Coverage, Analysis Finds Five Below Inc (FIVE) Lowered to Sell at Vetr Inc. Eagle Bancorp (EGBN) Receives Daily News Impact Score of 0.16 StealthGas (GASS) Given Media Sentiment Score of 0.19 JPMorgan Chase & Co. Upgrades Terex Co. (TEX) to Overweight April 26th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Latisha Jones Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Finance Tweet Terex Co. (NYSE:TEX) was upgraded by research analysts at JPMorgan Chase & Co. from a “neutral” rating to an “overweight” rating in a research note issued on Tuesday. The firm currently has a $47.00 target price on the industrial products company’s stock, up from their previous target price of $30.00. JPMorgan Chase & Co.’s price target suggests a potential upside of 31.91% from the stock’s current price. Other research analysts also recently issued research reports about the company. Credit Suisse Group AG set a $38.00 target price on Terex and gave the company a “buy” rating in a research note on Saturday, February 25th. Zacks Investment Research upgraded Terex from a “sell” rating to a “hold” rating in a research note on Saturday, March 25th. BMO Capital Markets restated a “hold” rating and issued a $35.00 target price on shares of Terex in a research note on Thursday, April 20th. Barclays PLC boosted their target price on Terex from $25.00 to $26.00 and gave the company an “underweight” rating in a research note on Wednesday, April 19th. Finally, OTR Global upgraded Terex to a “positive” rating in a research note on Friday, March 17th. Three research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, seven have issued a hold rating and nine have assigned a buy rating to the stock. The stock currently has a consensus rating of “Hold” and a consensus target price of $31.75. Terex (NYSE:TEX) opened at 35.63 on Tuesday. The company’s 50-day moving average price is $31.38 and its 200 day moving average price is $30.09. Terex has a 52-week low of $18.91 and a 52-week high of $36.43. The stock’s market capitalization is $3.77 billion. Terex (NYSE:TEX) last issued its quarterly earnings results on Tuesday, February 21st. The industrial products company reported $0.07 earnings per share for the quarter, beating analysts’ consensus estimates of ($0.05) by $0.12. Terex had a return on equity of 7.39% and a net margin of 2.01%. The business had revenue of $974.70 million for the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $918.81 million. During the same quarter in the previous year, the company posted $0.50 earnings per share. Terex’s revenue for the quarter was down 16.5% compared to the same quarter last year. On average, equities research analysts anticipate that Terex will post $0.82 earnings per share for the current year. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY WARNING: “JPMorgan Chase & Co. Upgrades Terex Co. (TEX) to Overweight” was first reported by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are accessing this report on another publication, it was copied illegally and reposted in violation of United States & international copyright law. The legal version of this report can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/26/jpmorgan-chase-co-upgrades-terex-co-tex-to-overweight.html. In other Terex news, Director G Chris Andersen sold 10,000 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction dated Tuesday, February 28th. The stock was sold at an average price of $31.06, for a total value of $310,600.00. The sale was disclosed in a legal filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is available at this link. Also, SVP Kevin Bradley sold 15,000 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction dated Friday, March 17th. The stock was sold at an average price of $31.17, for a total value of $467,550.00. Following the transaction, the senior vice president now directly owns 124,518 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $3,881,226.06. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. In the last ninety days, insiders acquired 472 shares of company stock valued at $14,999 and sold 60,215 shares valued at $1,880,330. 3.70% of the stock is owned by insiders. Several institutional investors have recently bought and sold shares of TEX. Bank of Montreal Can boosted its position in Terex by 2.6% in the third quarter. Bank of Montreal Can now owns 45,323 shares of the industrial products company’s stock valued at $1,152,000 after buying an additional 1,160 shares in the last quarter. Oakbrook Investments LLC acquired a new position in Terex during the third quarter valued at $254,000. Northpointe Capital LLC boosted its position in Terex by 32.6% in the third quarter. Northpointe Capital LLC now owns 97,378 shares of the industrial products company’s stock valued at $2,474,000 after buying an additional 23,923 shares in the last quarter. Alambic Investment Management L.P. acquired a new position in Terex during the third quarter valued at $607,000. Finally, Capital Fund Management S.A. acquired a new position in Terex during the third quarter valued at $486,000. 84.32% of the stock is owned by institutional investors and hedge funds. About Terex Terex Corporation is a manufacturer of lifting and material processing products and services that deliver lifecycle solutions. The Company has three business segments: Aerial Work Platforms (AWP), Cranes and Materials Processing (MP). It delivers lifecycle solutions to a range of industries, including the construction, infrastructure, manufacturing, shipping, utility, quarrying and mining industries. Receive News & Ratings for Terex Co. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Terex Co. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Judge Uses Comment by President Trump in Ruling Fight for Border Wall Approaches in Attempt to Avoid Shutdown President Trump Attempting To Repeal ACA Again Vice President Pence Says North Korea Should Not Test U.S. Resolve Trump’s Back and Forth on Economics © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Skip to: Main Content Site Navigation Site Footer Site Search Site Map 2 Last updated: April 28, 2017 APlus Facebook Twitter Instagram The Australian Home A Plus Digital Print Edition News Latest News The Nation The World Inquirer Investigations Health & Science Mind Games In Depth Photos Video Podcasts Opinion Columnists Letters Editorials Cartoons Cut & Paste World Commentary Strewth Blogs Business Review News Latest BusinessNow Opinion Companies Dataroom Markets Economics Margin Call Mining & Energy Wealth Aviation Financial Services Legal Affairs The Deal Wall Street Journal Business Spectator Media Media News Opinion Media Diary Broadcast Print Marketing Digital Tech Technology News Opinion Personal Tech Property Commercial Careers National Affairs Politics News Opinion Newspoll data State Politics Policy Climate Defence Foreign Affairs Immigration Education Industrial Relations Indigenous Health Treasury Sport Sport News Opinion Cricket Golf Football Rugby Union Tennis US Sports AFL NRL Motorsport Netball The Times Turf & Thoroughbreds Combat Sport Cycling Basketball Olympics Life Food & Wine Recipes Wine Halliday's Top 100 Hot 50 restaurants Home & Design Prestige Property Motoring Health & Wellbeing Personal Tech Travel Fashion Columnists Magazine Wish Tech Technology News Personal Tech Opinion Arts Arts News Opinion Books Film Stage Visual Arts Television Music Review Travel Higher Ed Higher Ed News Opinion Int'l Students University Rankings Media Media News Opinion Media Diary Print Broadcast Digital Marketing Property You have cookies turned off To use this website, cookies must be enabled in your browser. To enable cookies, follow the instructions for your browser below. Facebook App: Open links in External Browser There is a specific issue with the Facebook in-app browser intermittently making requests to websites without cookies that had previously been set. This appears to be a defect in the browser which should be addressed soon. The simplest approach to avoid this problem is to continue to use the Facebook app but not use the in-app browser. This can be done through the following steps: Open the settings menu by clicking the hamburger menu in the top right Choose “App Settings” from the menu Turn on the option “Links Open Externally” (This will use the device’s default browser) Windows Enabling Cookies in Internet Explorer 9 Open the Internet Browser Click Tools (or “gear” icon at top right hand corner) > Internet Options > Privacy > Advanced Check Override automatic cookie handling For First-party Cookies and Third-party Cookies click Accept Click OK and OK Enabling Cookies in Internet Explorer 10, 11 Open the Internet Browser Click the Tools button, and then click Internet Options. Click the Privacy tab, and then, under Settings, move the slider to the bottom to allow all cookies, and then click OK. Click OK Enabling Cookies in Firefox Open the Firefox browser Click Tools > Options > Privacy < Use custom settings for history Check Accept cookies from sites Check Accept third party cookies Select Keep until: they expire Click OK Enabling Cookies in Google Chrome Open the Google Chrome browser Click Tools icon Or type in Go to chrome://settings/ to the URL window, hit enter Click ‘Advanced settings’ > Select Privacy > Content settings Check ‘Allow local data to be set (recommended)’ Click ‘Done’ Mac Enabling Cookies in Firefox Open the Firefox browser Firefox > Preferences Click ‘Privacy’ tab Under ‘History’ select Firefox will: ‘Use custom settings for history’ Check ‘Accept cookies from sites’ and then check ‘Accept third-party cookies’ Click OK Enabling Cookies in Google Chrome Open the Google Chrome browser Chrome > Preferences Click ‘Show advanced settings…’ at the bottom. Under Privacy select ‘Content settings…’ Under ‘Cookies’ select ‘Allow local data to be set (recommended)’ Click ‘OK’ Enabling Cookies in Safari In Safari Safari > Preferences Click ‘Privacy’ tab Under ‘Block cookies’ check ‘Never’ Enabling Cookies in Mobile Safari (iPhone, iPad) Go to the Home screen by pressing the Home button or by unlocking your phone/iPad Select the Settings icon. Select Safari from the settings menu. Select ‘accept cookies’ from the safari menu. Select ‘from visited’ from the accept cookies menu. Press the home button to return the the iPhone home screen. Select the Safari icon to return to Safari. Before the cookie settings change will take effect, Safari must restart. To restart Safari press and hold the Home button (for around five seconds) until the iPhone/iPad display goes blank and the home screen appears. Select the Safari icon to return to Safari. You are currently using private or incognito browsing mode so you’ll need to log in every time you visit The Australian Tap here for more information X A NOTE ABOUT RELEVANT ADVERTISING: We collect information about the content (including ads) you use across this site and use it to make both advertising and content more relevant to you on our network and other sites. This is also known as Online Behavioural Advertising. You can find out more about our policy and your choices, including how to opt-out here Back to top Login Subscribe Facebook Twitter Instagram The Australian NewsFlash NewsFlash App Store Daily Edition Daily Edition iTunes Daily Edition Google Play Terms of Use Editorial Code of conduct Standards of Practice Subscription terms Group Subscription Terms Accessibility Privacy Policy Relevant Ads Opt-out Cookie Policy Contact Us Help Contact Us info Photo Sales News Archive About Us About The Australian Advertise with us Our journalists Subscribe The Australian Plus member benefits Sign up to Newsletters Manage Your Newsletters Copyright The Australian. All times AEST (GMT +10:00) Powered by WordPress.com VIP The Australian doesn't play nicely with your current browser. Please take a moment to upgrade to the latest version. Internet Explorer v10 or later Upgrade now
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Ply Gem Holdings Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Ply Gem Holdings Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News 12,698 Shares in Western Refining, Inc. (WNR) Acquired by Virtu Financial LLC 24,861 Shares in Pacific Continental Co. (PCBK) Acquired by Virtu Financial LLC Hillcrest Asset Management LLC Acquires 23,552 Shares of First Busey Co. (BUSE) The Valspar Corp (VAL) is Palisade Asset Management LLC’s Largest Position Hillcrest Asset Management LLC Buys 18,446 Shares of Avista Corp (AVA) Ply Gem Holdings Inc (PGEM) Shares Bought by Hillcrest Asset Management LLC Brokerages Set Buffalo Wild Wings (BWLD) Price Target at $159.62 Hillcrest Asset Management LLC Increases Stake in HomeStreet Inc (HMST) Hillcrest Asset Management LLC Has $11.731 Million Stake in Global Brass and Copper Holdings Inc (BRSS) DuPont Fabros Technology, Inc. (DFT) Shares Bought by Hillcrest Asset Management LLC 7,500 Shares in Range Resources Corp. (RRC) Acquired by Bourgeon Capital Management LLC Forrester Research, Inc. (FORR) Releases Quarterly Earnings Results, Beats Expectations By $0.08 EPS Old Second Bancorp Inc. (OSBC) Announces Earnings Results Fiserv Inc (FISV) Announces Earnings Results, Beats Expectations By $0.07 EPS Mercer Capital Advisers Inc. Buys 48 Shares of OGE Energy Corp. (OGE) AMC Networks Inc (AMCX) Shares Bought by DUPONT CAPITAL MANAGEMENT Corp Rio Tinto plc (RIO) Shares Bought by Bourgeon Capital Management LLC Mercer Capital Advisers Inc. Has $145,000 Stake in SJW Group (SJW) Bourgeon Capital Management LLC Acquires 23,773 Shares of Guidance Software, Inc. (GUID) DUPONT CAPITAL MANAGEMENT Corp Has $11.467 Million Stake in Eastman Chemical Company (EMN) Ply Gem Holdings Inc (PGEM) Shares Bought by Hillcrest Asset Management LLC April 27th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Tyrone Williams Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Hillcrest Asset Management LLC boosted its position in shares of Ply Gem Holdings Inc (NYSE:PGEM) by 8.1% during the first quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The firm owned 500,859 shares of the construction company’s stock after buying an additional 37,333 shares during the period. Ply Gem Holdings accounts for about 1.8% of Hillcrest Asset Management LLC’s portfolio, making the stock its 29th largest position. Hillcrest Asset Management LLC owned approximately 0.73% of Ply Gem Holdings worth $9,867,000 as of its most recent filing with the SEC. Other large investors have also recently modified their holdings of the company. Paradigm Capital Management Inc. NY increased its stake in shares of Ply Gem Holdings by 34.4% in the third quarter. Paradigm Capital Management Inc. NY now owns 1,135,500 shares of the construction company’s stock worth $15,170,000 after buying an additional 290,700 shares during the period. Wells Fargo & Company MN increased its position in shares of Ply Gem Holdings by 4.8% in the third quarter. Wells Fargo & Company MN now owns 8,588 shares of the construction company’s stock worth $115,000 after buying an additional 393 shares during the last quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. increased its position in shares of Ply Gem Holdings by 6.8% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 196,425 shares of the construction company’s stock worth $2,624,000 after buying an additional 12,574 shares during the last quarter. Zebra Capital Management LLC increased its position in shares of Ply Gem Holdings by 76.7% in the fourth quarter. Zebra Capital Management LLC now owns 70,927 shares of the construction company’s stock worth $1,153,000 after buying an additional 30,781 shares during the last quarter. Finally, James Investment Research Inc. bought a new position in shares of Ply Gem Holdings during the first quarter worth approximately $2,143,000. Institutional investors and hedge funds own 29.65% of the company’s stock. Shares of Ply Gem Holdings Inc (NYSE:PGEM) traded down 0.51% on Thursday, reaching $19.65. The company had a trading volume of 71,898 shares. The company’s 50-day moving average is $18.99 and its 200 day moving average is $16.65. The firm has a market capitalization of $1.34 billion, a PE ratio of 17.86 and a beta of 2.56. Ply Gem Holdings Inc has a 12 month low of $12.85 and a 12 month high of $20.00. Ply Gem Holdings (NYSE:PGEM) last released its quarterly earnings results on Friday, March 10th. The construction company reported $0.14 earnings per share for the quarter, missing the Zacks’ consensus estimate of $0.15 by $0.01. Ply Gem Holdings had a net margin of 4.14% and a negative return on equity of 147.73%. The business had revenue of $462.30 million for the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $441.81 million. During the same period in the prior year, the business earned $0.14 earnings per share. The company’s revenue for the quarter was up 7.4% on a year-over-year basis. Equities analysts forecast that Ply Gem Holdings Inc will post $1.25 earnings per share for the current year. TRADEMARK VIOLATION NOTICE: “Ply Gem Holdings Inc (PGEM) Shares Bought by Hillcrest Asset Management LLC” was first reported by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are accessing this piece on another site, it was stolen and republished in violation of U.S. & international trademark and copyright law. The legal version of this piece can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/27/ply-gem-holdings-inc-pgem-shares-bought-by-hillcrest-asset-management-llc.html. PGEM has been the subject of a number of recent research reports. TheStreet upgraded Ply Gem Holdings from a “c+” rating to a “b-” rating in a research note on Wednesday, February 1st. Zelman & Associates upgraded Ply Gem Holdings from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating in a research note on Tuesday, March 14th. Royal Bank of Canada restated a “buy” rating and set a $22.00 price objective on shares of Ply Gem Holdings in a research note on Tuesday, April 11th. Stephens downgraded Ply Gem Holdings from an “overweight” rating to an “equal weight” rating in a research note on Friday, January 13th. Finally, Zacks Investment Research upgraded Ply Gem Holdings from a “sell” rating to a “hold” rating in a research note on Wednesday, January 18th. One investment analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, four have assigned a hold rating and four have given a buy rating to the company’s stock. The company has an average rating of “Hold” and an average price target of $18.30. Ply Gem Holdings Company Profile Ply Gem Holdings, Inc is a manufacturer of exterior building products in North America. The Company operates through two segments: Siding, Fencing, and Stone, and Windows and Doors. In the Siding, Fencing, and Stone segment, its principal products include vinyl siding and skirting, vinyl and aluminum soffit, aluminum trim coil, cellular PVC trim and moldings, J-channels, wide crown molding, window and door trim, F-channels, H-molds, fascia, undersill trims, outside/inside corner posts, rain removal systems, injection molded designer accents, such as shakes, shingles, scallops, shutters, vents and mounts, vinyl fence, vinyl railing and stone veneer in the United States and Canada. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding PGEM? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Ply Gem Holdings Inc (NYSE:PGEM). Receive News & Ratings for Ply Gem Holdings Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Ply Gem Holdings Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Judge Uses Comment by President Trump in Ruling Fight for Border Wall Approaches in Attempt to Avoid Shutdown President Trump Attempting To Repeal ACA Again Vice President Pence Says North Korea Should Not Test U.S. Resolve Trump’s Back and Forth on Economics © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Bloomberg the Company & Its ProductsBloomberg Anywhere Remote LoginBloomberg Anywhere LoginBloomberg Terminal Demo Request Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Philanthropy & Engagement Bloomberg London Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Execution & Order Management Data & Content Financial Data Management Integration & Distribution Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps Bloomberg Briefs News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Philanthropy & Engagement Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Bloomberg London Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps Bloomberg Briefs News Bureaus Media Services Advertising Bloomberg Media Distribution Bloomberg Live Conferences Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Execution & Order Management Data & Content Financial Data Management Integration & Distribution Bloomberg Tradebook Enterprise Products Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center MENU Homepage Markets Stocks Currencies Commodities Rates + Bonds Economics Magazine Benchmark Watchlist Economic Calendar Tech U.S. Global Startups Cybersecurity Digital Media Bloomberg Technology TV Hello World Studio 1.0 Pursuits Cars & Bikes Style & Grooming Spend Watches & Gadgets Food & Drinks Travel Real Estate Art & Design Brilliant Ideas Politics Global Risk Briefing How We’ll Know if Trump Is Making America Great Again Tracking Trump’s Web of Conflicts The Inauguration of Donald J. Trump On the March in Trump’s Capital Opinion View Gadfly Businessweek Subscribe Cover Stories Opening Remarks Etc Features 85th Anniversary Issue Behind The Cover More Climate Changed Video Series: Ventures Graphics Billionaires Game Plan Small Business Personal Finance Inspire GO The David Rubenstein Show Sponsored Content Bloomberg About The Company Sign In Sign In Subscribe JPMorgan Warns of 'High Uncertainty' as Topix Turns Best in Asia by Min Jeong Lee @leeminjeong83 More stories by Min Jeong Lee , Yuko Takeo @grey_whistle More stories by Yuko Takeo , and Livia Yap More stories by Livia Yap April 27, 2017, 11:00 AM EDT April 28, 2017, 2:17 AM EDT Markets are too calm, JPMorgan Asset Management’s Shigemi says Shigemi sees 9% decline in Topix by August or September Rogers Is Bullish on Japanese Equities A strategist at a $1.8 trillion investment firm is scratching his head after Japanese stocks went from worst to best performers in Asia in the space of two weeks. It’s complacency, says Yoshinori Shigemi, a global market strategist at JPMorgan Asset Management Ltd. in Tokyo. Traders are seeing positives where the best that can be said is that something bad hasn’t happened -- like in North Korea -- and are glossing over high valuations in the U.S. and the risk President Donald Trump won’t deliver on his economic pledges soon, he said. He says the Topix index may fall about 9 percent by August or September. After five weeks of losses, the benchmark stock gauge posted its best two-week gain since November. The index, which declined 0.3 percent on Friday, climbed at least 1 percent in four of the previous five days, as the first round of the French presidential election passed without shock, spurring outflows from havens such as the Japanese currency. As a measure of trader fear in Japan hovers near lows not seen since 2014, Shigemi says the calm is making him uneasy. “We see high uncertainty,” he says. “We cannot be so optimistic.” Shigemi says Trump’s plan to slash the corporate tax rate to 15 percent, one reason why U.S. equities climbed to records after his election, will take much longer to implement than many people expect. Trump’s top economic adviser Gary Cohn unveiled earlier this week what officials called the “biggest tax cut” in U.S. history, while leaving unanswered questions about whether the move would be paid for, or how. He sees warning signs in the VIX index, the U.S. fear gauge, which is currently trading at the lowest in almost three years despite elevated valuations in U.S. equities. The S&P 500 Index is valued at 18.5 times estimated earnings, above its five-year average. It’s a similar situation in Japan, where the Nikkei Stock Average Volatility Index stood at 14.69 at Thursday’s close, near a March level of 14.58 that was the lowest since July 2014. Investors “are aware that valuations are high, but even so they are taking a lot more risk,” he says. U.S. Spending Toru Ibayashi, head of wealth management research at UBS Group AG in Tokyo, is closely watching slowing U.S. auto sales, which he sees as a sign of a slowdown in consumer spending. Car sales trailed estimates in March as demand plunged for sedan and compact models. Ibayashi expects that to hurt the Topix, which he says won’t renew this year’s high anytime soon. “We believe the U.S. economy is solid, but it’s not accelerating very strongly,” Ibayashi said. People are betting Trump policy will weaken the yen and boost corporate earnings in Japan, he said. “I don’t buy that story.” The yen has seen three stages since Trump’s election. It weakened from around 103 per dollar in early November to about 118 in mid-December on optimism that the U.S. president’s policies would spur growth. Then it gained to about 108 earlier this month, as the Trump trade receded and the Federal Reserve signaled a gradual path on raising interest rates. Since then, it’s weakened to around 111. All this has an impact on Japanese earnings, especially for the nation’s giant exporters. As full-year reporting season kicks off in Tokyo for companies with March year-ends, Mitsubishi UFJ Morgan Stanley Securities Co. still sees 14 percent growth in ordinary profit at Topix companies excluding financials this fiscal year. Ibayashi, however, says profit growth will probably be closer to 2 percent. Low Valuations Not everyone is as pessimistic. “I think Japanese shares are still relatively cheap,” says Ichiro Yamada, a general manager of equities at Fukoku Mutual Life Insurance Co. in Tokyo. The Topix traded at 13.9 times estimated earnings at its last close, compared with 15.9 times for a measure of European shares. The most important market news of the day. Get our markets daily newsletter. Sign Up John Vail, the chief global strategist at Nikko Asset Management Co., agrees that valuations are “quite low.” He forecasts that the Topix will rise about 10 percent by year-end. “Less fear of economic turmoil related to the French election improves both corporate profit prospects and investor confidence in general,” he said, noting that improvement in corporate governance at Japanese companies is another cause for optimism. But his upbeat outlook also hinges, to some degree, on geopolitical risks remaining contained. North Korea refrained from carrying out a nuclear test when it celebrated the birth date of its founder Kim Il Sung earlier this month, instead unsuccessfully launching a ballistic missile. “The North Korea story remains a threat,” Shigemi said. “Considering all these risks, it doesn’t feel like we’re in for a big upswing but rather, it’s time to be wary about what’ll come at you tomorrow.” Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal. LEARN MORE Read This Next Where to Invest $10,000 Right Now Most Read Jeff Bezos Is Just $5 Billion Away From Being the World's Richest Person With Secret Airship, Sergey Brin Also Wants to Fly Why Getting Fired Is Worse Than Divorce Under Armour Loses Whatever Swagger It Had Left Amazon Extends Growth Streak, Unfazed by Lavish Spending Terms of Service Trademarks Privacy Policy ©2017 Bloomberg L.P. All Rights Reserved Careers Made in NYC Advertise Ad Choices Website Feedback Help
SUBSCRIBE TO PE HUB WIRE Join over 60,000 of your peers Get the must-read email for PE/VC professionals delivered to your inbox daily — for free! US Edition (daily) Canada Edition (weekly) We will not send you spam, and we don't share your email address with 3rd parties. I accept the Terms and Conditions SUBSCRIBE YES! No Register Sign in A Community for Professionals in Private Capital PE HUB Network News Briefs Opinion Videos Members Emerging Managers NVCA Blog Buyouts Home Funds & Firms Emerging Managers LPs Deals & Exits People Data Room Buyouts Magazine Subscriber Tips VCJ Home Funds & Firms Emerging Managers LPs Deals & Exits People Data Room VCJ Magazine Subscriber Tips Pratt’s Online PartnerConnect Events Shop US Select Edition Canada US PE HUB Network News Briefs Opinion Videos Members Emerging Managers NVCA Blog Buyouts Home Funds & Firms Emerging Managers LPs Deals & Exits People Data Room Buyouts Magazine Subscriber Tips VCJ Home Funds & Firms Emerging Managers LPs Deals & Exits People Data Room VCJ Magazine Subscriber Tips Pratt’s Online PartnerConnect Events Shop US CANADA Log In PPD’s owners Hellman & Friedman and Carlyle to recapitalize company April 26, 2017 By Iris Dorbian Contract research organization Pharmaceutical Product Development‘s existing owners Hellman & Friedman and The Carlyle Group have agreed to recapitalize PPD. Also, Abu Dhabi Investment Authority and GIC, Singapore’s sovereign wealth fund, will acquire minority ownership stakes in PPD. Both Hellman & Friedman and Carlyle will remain majority shareholders in PPD. The transaction puts PPD at a valuation of $9.05 billion. Goldman Sachs, J.P. Morgan Securities LLC, and Centerview Partners served as financial advisers to PPD. PRESS RELEASE WILMINGTON, N.C. – Pharmaceutical Product Development, LLC (PPD ) today announced that its existing owners, affiliates of Hellman & Friedman and affiliates of The Carlyle Group (Carlyle), have entered into definitive agreements to recapitalize PPD and expand the company’s ownership to include two new investors, a subsidiary of the Abu Dhabi Investment Authority (ADIA) and an affiliate of GIC, Singapore’s sovereign wealth fund (GIC). GIC and ADIA are longtime investors in Carlyle and Hellman & Friedman and now will be direct investors in PPD. Under the agreements, Hellman & Friedman will assume majority ownership and Carlyle will retain a substantial minority position in PPD, both investing substantial equity from new funds. Hellman & Friedman and Carlyle will maintain majority joint ownership of the company. In connection with the transaction, PPD expects to raise approximately $550 million through the issuance of new senior unsecured holdco notes. The proceeds from the investments of Hellman & Friedman, Carlyle, ADIA and GIC and the issuance of the new notes will be used to finance the recapitalization. The transaction, based on a total enterprise value of $9.05 billion, is expected to close in the second quarter of 2017. Carlyle and Hellman & Friedman acquired PPD in December 2011 in a transaction valued at approximately $3.6 billion. PPD has delivered substantial top- and bottom-line growth since its take-private, with revenue today up more than 70 percent since 2011. “PPD is stronger and healthier than it’s ever been since going private in late 2011 and has progressed its strategy to reduce the time and cost of drug development for our customers,” said David Simmons, chairman and CEO of PPD. “After evaluating all our options, the board determined a transaction led by our existing owners was in the best interest of the company and all its stakeholders. We are excited to continue our partnership with Hellman & Friedman and Carlyle and look forward to working with our new investors, GIC and ADIA. The PPD leadership team and our more than 19,000 colleagues around the world remain dedicated to our purpose and mission of improving health by helping our customers deliver life-changing therapies.” “PPD’s performance since 2011 has been exceptional,” said Allen Thorpe, managing director of Hellman & Friedman. “We are thrilled to announce this transaction and mark the beginning of the next chapter of PPD’s success. Increasing our investment reflects our confidence in the outstanding team of people throughout the company and PPD’s leadership position in the CRO industry. PPD is making the hard work of innovating new therapies easier for thousands of researchers and doctors, and we’re proud to support its continued growth.” Stephen H. Wise, managing director and global head of healthcare for Carlyle, added, “We are proud of PPD’s accomplishments since we made our investment in 2011. PPD has strengthened its platform immensely and today is positioned as one of the most innovative CROs in the market. This new capital structure is designed to support the strategy of the company and drive continued strong growth. Carlyle is excited to remain a significant investor in PPD and support the entire PPD employee base in this next chapter.” Closing of the transaction is subject to customary conditions, including regulatory approval in the United States. This news release shall not constitute an offer to sell, or the solicitation of an offer to buy, any securities, nor shall there be any sales of securities in any jurisdiction in which such offer, solicitation or sale would be unlawful prior to registration or qualification under the securities laws of any such jurisdiction. Goldman Sachs, J.P. Morgan Securities LLC, and Centerview Partners acted as financial advisors to PPD. Latham & Watkins LLP and Simpson Thacher & Bartlett LLP acted as legal advisors to PPD. About PPD PPD is a leading global contract research organization providing comprehensive, integrated drug development , laboratory and lifecycle management services. Our clients and partners include pharmaceutical , biotechnology , medical device , academic and government organizations. With offices in 47 countries and more than 19,000 professionals worldwide, PPD applies innovative technologies, therapeutic expertise and a firm commitment to quality to help clients and partners bend the cost and time curve of drug development to deliver life-changing therapies that improve health. For more information, visit www.ppdi.com . About Hellman & Friedman Hellman & Friedman is a leading private equity investment firm with offices in San Francisco, New York and London. Since its founding in 1984, Hellman & Friedman has raised over $35 billion of committed capital and invested in over 85 companies. The firm focuses on investing in superior business franchises and serving as a value-added partner to management in select industries including healthcare, software, internet and media, financial services, business and information services, energy and industrials, and retail and consumer. For more information on Hellman & Friedman, please visit www.hf.com . About The Carlyle Group The Carlyle Group (NASDAQ: CG) is a global alternative asset manager with $158 billion of assets under management across 281 investment vehicles as of December 31, 2016. Carlyle’s purpose is to invest wisely and create value on behalf of its investors, many of whom are public pensions. Carlyle invests across four segments – Corporate Private Equity, Real Assets, Global Market Strategies and Investment Solutions – in Africa, Asia, Australia, Europe, the Middle East, North America and South America. Carlyle has expertise in various industries, including: aerospace, defense and government services, consumer and retail, energy, financial services, healthcare, industrial, real estate, technology and business services, telecommunications and media, and transportation. The Carlyle Group employs more than 1,600 people in 35 offices across six continents. For more information, please visit www.carlyle.com. About the Abu Dhabi Investment Authority ADIA is a public institution established by the Government of the Emirate of Abu Dhabi in 1976 as an independent investment institution. ADIA manages a global investment portfolio that is diversified across more than two dozen asset classes and subcategories. With a long tradition of prudent investing, ADIA’s decisions are based solely on its economic objectives of delivering sustained, long-term financial returns. For more information, please visit www.adia.ae . About GIC GIC is a leading global investment firm established in 1981 to manage Singapore’s foreign reserves. A disciplined long-term value investor, GIC is uniquely positioned for investments across a wide range of asset classes, including real estate, private equity, equities and fixed income. In private equity, GIC invests through funds as well as directly in companies, partnering with its fund managers and management teams to help world-class businesses achieve their objectives. GIC has investments in over 40 countries. Headquartered in Singapore, GIC employs over 1,300 people across 10 offices in key financial cities worldwide. For more information on GIC, please visit www.gic.com.sg . Do you want exclusive news and analysis about private equity deals, fundraising, top-quartile managers and more? Get your FREE trial to Buyouts! Or subscribe now! Sign up to our Newsletter Receive updates from our PE HUB Wire and Top Stories of the Week newsletters: First Name: Last Name: Email Address: US Edition (daily) Canada Edition (weekly) We will not send you spam, and we don't share your email address with 3rd parties. I accept the Terms and Conditions You are now subscribed to the PEHub Wire and Top Stories of the Week newsletters. Buyouts Insider/Argosy Group LLC produces several free newsletters that are sent directly to the email you provide at registration (namely, PE Hub Wire, PE Hub Canada Wire, PE Hub Wire Top Story of the Week, Buyouts Daily, and VCJ Alert). To enable us to keep providing these services free of charge, we reserve the right to contact you with special invitations to sample or purchase private equity-related products. By submitting this free subscription request for any of these products, you are also consenting to this communication. Should you ever wish to unsubscribe from a particular communication you may activate the unsubscribe mechanism at the bottom of the email. This will discontinue both the special invitations mentioned previously, as well as your subscription to the weekly newsletter. The information you provide will be safeguarded by Argosy Group LLC/Buyouts Insider. The company’s subsidiaries may use it to keep you informed of relevant products and services. We occasionally allow reputable companies outside of the company to mail details of products which may be of interest to you. As an international group, we may transfer your data on a global basis for the purposes indicated above. WE WILL NEVER SHARE YOUR EMAIL OR CONTACT DETAILS WITH ANY OUTSIDE COMPANY HOWEVER. Should you have any questions please do not hesitate to contact us: [email protected] . Top Posts Vantiv to buy PE-backed Paymetric by Iris Dorbian General Atlantic invests in Torchy’s Tacos by Iris Dorbian Private Equity Jobs of the Week: The NBA, JPMorgan and Kian Capital are hiring by Eamon Murphy Stone Point and KKR-led investor group to acquire Focus Financial Partners by Iris Dorbian Silver Lake raises $15 bln for fifth tech fund by Chris Witkowsky PE-backed Whitebridge Pet Brands buys Dogswell by Iris Dorbian Questioning the conventional wisdom of the reserve fund by peHUBlogger Network Greystar beefs up investor relations team with new hires by Iris Dorbian © 2006-2017 Buyouts Insider / Argosy Group LLC About Contacts FAQ Guest Column Guidelines Terms of Use Disclaimer Privacy Policy Copyright (c) Buyouts Insider/Argosy Group LLC. Reproduction in any form is prohibited without written consent by Buyouts Insider/Argosy Group LLC.
Markets BI Intelligence Events Trending Tech Insider Finance Politics Strategy Life Sports Video All × From To You have successfully emailed the post. × 
     

 Here's how Trump's tax plan could affect Bank of America and other big companies John Maxfield, The Motley Fool Apr. 27, 2017, 5:16 PM 975 facebook linkedin twitter email print One of the reasons bank stocks have surged since the presidential election is that investors expect the current administration to follow through on Trump's campaign vow to lower the top corporate tax rate from 35% to as low as 15%. But while all banks would benefit from this, as would all other profitable companies, few would gain as much as Bank of America. The nation's second-biggest bank by assets paid $7.3 billion in income taxes last year. Only five companies on the S&P 500 paid more than that, with two of those also happening to be banks — JPMorgan Chase and Wells Fargo. The Motley Fool Why do banks pay so much in taxes compared to other companies? The simple answer is that they earn more money. Apple is the only company in the country that earns more than JPMorgan Chase. Wells Fargo and Bank of America aren't far behind. Their net incomes over the past 12 months rank them fourth and sixth on the S&P 500, respectively. Unlike most other leading blue-chip companies, banks use an enormous amount of leverage, typically holding $10 worth of assets for every $1 in shareholders' equity. This allows banks to scale up their profits relative to other types of companies. Every $1 in shareholders' equity at Apple, for instance, translates into a comparatively modest $2.50 worth of assets. Cutting the top tax rate on corporations from 35% down to 15% would therefore be a boon for Bank of America. It would have reduced the North Carolina-based bank's tax liability in 2016 by nearly half, or 48%, leaving $3.5 billion in additional net income to hit the bank's bottom line. That would make a huge difference, boosting Bank of America's net income by 19%, or approximately $0.35 per share. The challenge for investors right now, however, is that much of this already appears to be priced into Bank of America's stock. This explains why its shares are up 44% since the beginning of November. To put that in perspective, the S&P 500 is up only 13% over the same stretch, while the KBW Bank Index has climbed 24% — the latter tracks two dozen large-cap bank stocks, including Bank of America, JPMorgan Chase, and Wells Fargo. If Trump's tax plans don't come to fruition — and that could very well be the case, given the impact of the cuts on the federal deficit — bank stocks could be in for a correction. It's too early to say if that will happen, but investors in bank stocks should keep it in the back of their minds. John Maxfield owns shares of Bank of America and Wells Fargo. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Apple. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Get the latest Bank of America stock price here. Read the original article on The Motley Fool. Copyright 2017. Follow The Motley Fool on Twitter. More from The Motley Fool: He Made 21,078% Buying Amazon. Here’s His New Pick Motley Fool Issues Rare Triple-Buy Alert This Stock Could Be Like Buying Amazon in 1997 Forget Apple! Here's a Better Stock to Buy Shark Tank Just Revealed a Trillion-Dollar Idea SEE ALSO: Here are the 50 largest companies in the world by revenue NOW WATCH: These are the small, agile new aircraft carriers meant to take F-35s into battle Loading video... More: The Motley Fool Trump Trump Tax Plan Bank of America facebook linkedin twitter email print × Recommended For You Powered by Sailthru Here's how Trump's tax plan could affect Bank of America and other big companies Here's how Trump's tax plan could affect Bank of America and other big companies One of the reasons bank stocks have surged... Recommended For You Disclaimer Featured WATCH! This week's episode of The Bottom Line with Henry Blodget More "The Bottom Line" » 12 of the most cutting-edge workplace innovations inside fast-growing tech companies More "Boardroom 2030" » Markets Emails & Alerts Get the best of Business Insider delivered to your inbox every day. Sign-Up Get the Slide Deck from Henry Blodget's IGNITION Presentation on the Future of Digital     Read Business Insider On The Go Available on iOS or Android Find A Job Tech Jobs C-Level Jobs Media Jobs Design Jobs Finance Jobs Sales Jobs See All Jobs » Thanks to our partners Follow us on: Also check out: * Copyright © 2017 Business Insider Inc. All rights reserved. Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. Disclaimer Commerce Policy Made in NYC Stock quotes by finanzen.net International Editions: UK DE AUS ID IN MY SG PL SE NL FR IT JP
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance MoneysupermarketCom Group PLC - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for MoneysupermarketCom Group PLC with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Research Analysts’ Recent Ratings Changes for Moneysupermarket.Com Group PLC (MONY) Hyatt Hotels Co. (H) Now Covered by Analysts at Guggenheim McDonald's Co. (MCD) Price Target Raised to $141.00 at JPMorgan Chase & Co. Flagstar Bancorp Inc (FBC) Upgraded to Outperform by Wedbush Nordstrom, Inc. (JWN) Downgraded by Zacks Investment Research to “Sell” Emcor Group Inc (EME) Upgraded to “Hold” at Zacks Investment Research Brinker International’s (EAT) Sell Rating Reaffirmed at BMO Capital Markets Juniper Networks, Inc. (JNPR) Receives Hold Rating from BMO Capital Markets Masco Corp (MAS) Price Target Raised to $43.00 at Royal Bank of Canada Kansas City Southern (KSU) Price Target Cut to $96.00 by Analysts at Stifel Nicolaus Stonebridge Capital Management Inc. Purchases New Position in Merrimack Pharmaceuticals Inc (MACK) Stonebridge Capital Management Inc. Has $1,398,000 Stake in Genuine Parts Company (GPC) Marin Software Inc (MRIN) Stake Held by Stonebridge Capital Management Inc. Everett Harris & Co. CA Has $490,000 Position in Minerals Technologies Inc (MTX) Everett Harris & Co. CA Has $531,000 Position in Post Holdings Inc (POST) Stonebridge Capital Management Inc. Maintains Position in Mylan (MYL) IDACORP Inc (IDA) Shares Sold by Everett Harris & Co. CA New Jersey Better Educational Savings Trust Sells 1,000 Shares of Crown Castle International Corp. (REIT) (CCI) Tealwood Asset Management Inc. Acquires Shares of 93,505 Pattern Energy Group Inc (PEGI) Molson Coors Brewing Co (TAP) Stake Increased by Tealwood Asset Management Inc. Research Analysts’ Recent Ratings Changes for Moneysupermarket.Com Group PLC (MONY) April 27th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Jeff Wilder Filed Under: Analyst Articles - Company Sum - Finance Tweet Several brokerages have updated their recommendations and price targets on shares of Moneysupermarket.Com Group PLC (LON: MONY) in the last few weeks: 4/21/2017 – Moneysupermarket.Com Group PLC had its “overweight” rating reaffirmed by analysts at JPMorgan Chase & Co.. They now have a GBX 370 ($4.73) price target on the stock. 4/21/2017 – Moneysupermarket.Com Group PLC had its “equal weight” rating reaffirmed by analysts at Barclays PLC. 4/20/2017 – Moneysupermarket.Com Group PLC was upgraded by analysts at Peel Hunt to a “buy” rating. They now have a GBX 370 ($4.73) price target on the stock. 4/20/2017 – Moneysupermarket.Com Group PLC had its “add” rating reaffirmed by analysts at Numis Securities Ltd. They now have a GBX 390 ($4.99) price target on the stock. 4/20/2017 – Moneysupermarket.Com Group PLC had its “hold” rating reaffirmed by analysts at Liberum Capital. They now have a GBX 345 ($4.41) price target on the stock. 4/20/2017 – Moneysupermarket.Com Group PLC had its “buy” rating reaffirmed by analysts at Canaccord Genuity. They now have a GBX 380 ($4.86) price target on the stock. 4/19/2017 – Moneysupermarket.Com Group PLC had its “buy” rating reaffirmed by analysts at Shore Capital. 3/27/2017 – Moneysupermarket.Com Group PLC had its price target raised by analysts at Liberum Capital from GBX 325 ($4.15) to GBX 345 ($4.41). They now have a “hold” rating on the stock. 3/23/2017 – Moneysupermarket.Com Group PLC had its price target raised by analysts at Royal Bank of Canada from GBX 400 ($5.11) to GBX 425 ($5.43). They now have an “outperform” rating on the stock. 3/22/2017 – Moneysupermarket.Com Group PLC had its “add” rating reaffirmed by analysts at Peel Hunt. They now have a GBX 370 ($4.73) price target on the stock. 3/1/2017 – Moneysupermarket.Com Group PLC had its price target raised by analysts at JPMorgan Chase & Co. from GBX 360 ($4.60) to GBX 370 ($4.73). They now have an “overweight” rating on the stock. 3/1/2017 – Moneysupermarket.Com Group PLC had its “equal weight” rating reaffirmed by analysts at Barclays PLC. They now have a GBX 350 ($4.47) price target on the stock. 2/28/2017 – Moneysupermarket.Com Group PLC had its “buy” rating reaffirmed by analysts at Shore Capital. 2/28/2017 – Moneysupermarket.Com Group PLC was downgraded by analysts at Peel Hunt to an “add” rating. They now have a GBX 370 ($4.73) price target on the stock, up previously from GBX 350 ($4.47). 2/28/2017 – Moneysupermarket.Com Group PLC had its “hold” rating reaffirmed by analysts at Liberum Capital. They now have a GBX 325 ($4.15) price target on the stock. 2/28/2017 – Moneysupermarket.Com Group PLC had its “buy” rating reaffirmed by analysts at Canaccord Genuity. They now have a GBX 380 ($4.86) price target on the stock. Moneysupermarket.Com Group PLC (LON:MONY) traded up 0.96% during mid-day trading on Thursday, reaching GBX 345.50. The company had a trading volume of 1,985,570 shares. Moneysupermarket.Com Group PLC has a 12 month low of GBX 225.50 and a 12 month high of GBX 351.10. The firm’s 50-day moving average price is GBX 336.22 and its 200-day moving average price is GBX 308.70. The stock’s market cap is GBX 1.89 billion. The business also recently disclosed a dividend, which will be paid on Friday, May 12th. Stockholders of record on Thursday, April 6th will be issued a GBX 7.10 ($0.09) dividend. This is a boost from Moneysupermarket.Com Group PLC’s previous dividend of $2.75. The ex-dividend date is Thursday, April 6th. This represents a dividend yield of 2.15%. In related news, insider Peter Plumb sold 444,580 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction dated Wednesday, March 8th. The shares were sold at an average price of GBX 341 ($4.36), for a total value of £1,516,017.80 ($1,938,146.00). Also, insider Matthew Price sold 56,197 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction dated Monday, April 3rd. The shares were sold at an average price of GBX 331 ($4.23), for a total transaction of £186,012.07 ($237,806.28). Moneysupermarket.com Group PLC provides online services, through its brands, MoneySuperMarket, MoneySavingExpert and TravelSupermarket. The Company’s segments include Money, Insurance, Travel, Home Services and MoneySavingExpert.com. Its Money segment offers customers the ability to search for and compare products, including credit cards, accounts, mortgages, loans, debt solutions, savings accounts and business finance. Receive News & Ratings for MoneysupermarketCom Group PLC Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for MoneysupermarketCom Group PLC and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Judge Uses Comment by President Trump in Ruling Fight for Border Wall Approaches in Attempt to Avoid Shutdown President Trump Attempting To Repeal ACA Again Vice President Pence Says North Korea Should Not Test U.S. Resolve Trump’s Back and Forth on Economics © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 27 April 2017 by Maciej Heyman Texas Instruments prices $600 million of investment grade notes DALLAS, April 27, 2017 /PRNewswire/ — Texas Instruments Incorporated (TI) (NASDAQ: TXN) today announced the pricing of two series of senior unsecured notes for an aggregate principal amount of $600 million. The notes consist of the following: $300 million of 2.750% senior unsecured notes due March 12, 2021 $300 million of 2.625% senior unsecured notes due May 15, 2024 The 2.750% notes due March 12, 2021, will be a further issuance of, and form a single series with, the $250 million aggregate principal amount of the existing 2.750% notes due 2021 issued by TI on March 12, 2014. TI expects to use the net proceeds of this offering for repayment of outstanding debt and the remainder, if any, for general corporate purposes. The offering is expected to close on May 4, 2017. Citigroup Global Markets Inc., Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC, MUFG Securities Americas Inc., Barclays Capital Inc., J.P. Morgan Securities LLC, Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner & Smith Incorporated and Mizuho Securities USA LLC are serving as joint book-running managers for the offering. The offering of the notes is made only by means of a prospectus, copies of which may be obtained from Citigroup Global Markets Inc., c/o Broadridge Financial Solutions, 1155 Long Island Avenue, Edgewood, NY 11717, or by calling (800) 831-9146; Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC, 180 Varick Street, 2nd Floor, New York, NY 10014, Attention: Prospectus Department, or by calling (866) 718-1649; MUFG Securities Americas Inc., Attention: Capital Markets Group, 1221 Avenue of the Americas, 6th Floor, New York, NY 10020, or by calling (877) 649-6848; Barclays Capital Inc., c/o Broadridge Financial Solutions, 1155 Long Island Avenue, Edgewood, NY 11717, or by email at Barclaysprospectus@broadridge.com, or by calling (888) 603-5847; J.P. Morgan Securities LLC, Investment Grade Syndicate Desk, 383 Madison Avenue, New York, New York 10179, or by calling (212) 834-4533; Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner & Smith Incorporated, NC1-004-03-43, 200 North College Street, 3rd Floor, Charlotte, North Carolina 28255, Attn: Prospectus Department, or by email at dg.prospectus_requests@baml.com, or by calling (800) 294-1322; and Mizuho Securities USA LLC, Attention: Debt Capital Markets, 320 Park Avenue, 12th Floor, New York, New York 10022, or by calling (866) 271-7403. This news release does not constitute an offer to sell or a solicitation of an offer to buy any of the notes or any other securities, nor will there be any sale of the notes or any other securities in any state or jurisdiction in which such an offer, solicitation or sale is not permitted. About Texas Instruments Texas Instruments Incorporated (TI) is a global semiconductor design and manufacturing company that develops analog ICs and embedded processors. By employing the world’s brightest minds, TI creates innovations that shape the future of technology. TI is helping approximately 100,000 customers transform the future, today.  TXN-G To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/texas-instruments-prices-600-million-of-investment-grade-notes-300447636.html SOURCE Texas Instruments Incorporated CategoriesUncategorized TagsStock Offering Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Mylan to Report First Quarter 2017 Financial Results on May 10, 2017 Next PostNext Retail, Food Service, Child Care and Health Care Leaders to Sponsor 2017 Building a Healthier Future Summit Search Recent Posts Léo-Blanchette Postal Facility Opioid Exposure Exposition à un opioïde à l’Etablissement de traitement du courrier Léo-Blanchette Semiconductor Assembly and Testing Services (SATS) Market Estimated to Expand at a CAGR of 5.8% During a Six-Year Forecast Period 2015-2021 Active Pharmaceutical Ingredient Market Would Reach US $186 Bn by 2020 India Market Analysis on Golf Carts: Hotels/Resorts End User Segment Anticipated to Create Good Value Opportunity Till 2024 Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to navigation Skip to content Skip to footer View text version of this page Help using this website - Accessibility statement Menu WA Today Business Login Sign-up Become a WA Today member today Join today and you can easily save your favourite articles, join in the conversation and comment, plus select which news your want direct to your inbox. Create your account now! Become a WA Today member today Join today and you can easily save your favourite articles, join in the conversation and comment, plus select which news your want direct to your inbox. Create your account now! Home News Sport Business World Politics Comment Property Entertainment Lifestyle Travel Cars Tech Video All News WA News WA Election 2017 National Environment Health Education Galleries Good Weekend NSW News Victoria News ACT News Queensland Sport AFL WA Sport Cricket Union Soccer NRL Racing Golf Basketball Cycling Motorsport Tennis Scores Athletics Swimming Boxing Sailing Netball Fitz Files Business News Markets Quotes Workplace Consumer Property Innovation Retail Economy CBD Money Small Business Politics Politics Political Opinion Video Cartoons The Pulse Federal Election 2016 Your Vote Electorate Map Comment View from the Street Blunt Instrument Obituaries Satire Heckler Entertainment Movies TV & Radio TV Guide Music Art Stage Books Your Perth Video Lifestyle News & Views Life & Relationships Health & Wellbeing Beauty Fashion Celebrity Home The Optimist Tech News Security Web Culture Innovation Sci-Tech Games Gadgets Smartphone Apps Mobiles Video News Sport Business Entertainment Lifestyle Property Cars Food Exec Style Parenting Search Site News Markets Quotes Federal Budget 2017 Workplace Consumer Retail Economy CBD Money Small Biz Property Innovation Indices Market Movers Sectors Currencies Live 52 Week Highs 52 Week Lows Floats & IPOs Home Business Markets April 28 2017 - 4:48AM Save Print Japanese stock rally overdone, says JPMorgan strategist Yoshinori Shigemi Min Jeong Lee, Yuko Takeo and Livia Yap facebook SHARE twitter TWEET email google-plus linkedin reddit More A strategist at a $US1.8 trillion ($2.4 trillion) investment firm is scratching his head after Japanese stocks went from worst to best performers in Asia in the space of two weeks. It's complacency, says Yoshinori Shigemi, a global market strategist at JPMorgan Asset Management in Tokyo. Traders are seeing positives where the best that can be said is that something bad hasn't happened — like in North Korea — and are glossing over high valuations in the US and the risk President Donald Trump won't deliver on his economic pledges soon, he said. He says the Topix index may fall about 9 per cent by August or September. SHARE Share on Facebook SHARE Share on Twitter TWEET Link "We see high uncertainty," said Yoshinori Shigemi, a global market strategist at JPMorgan Asset Management in Tokyo. "We cannot be so optimistic." Photo: Bloomberg After five weeks of losses, the benchmark stock gauge is heading for its best two-week gain since November, with a 5.3 per cent advance. The index has climbed at least 1 per cent in four of the past five days, as the first round of the French presidential election passed without shock, spurring outflows from havens such as the Japanese currency. As a measure of trader fear in Japan hovers near lows not seen since 2014, Shigemi says the calm is making him uneasy. "We see high uncertainty," he says. "We cannot be so optimistic." Shigemi says Trump's plan to slash the corporate tax rate to 15 per cent, one reason why US equities climbed to records after his election, will take much longer to implement than many people expect. Trump's top economic adviser Gary Cohn unveiled earlier this week what officials called the "biggest tax cut" in US history, while leaving unanswered questions about whether the move would be paid for, or how. He sees warning signs in the VIX index, the US fear gauge, which is currently trading near the lowest in almost three years despite elevated valuations in US equities. The S&P 500 Index is valued at 18.5 times estimated earnings, above its five-year average. It's a similar situation in Japan, where the Nikkei Stock Average Volatility Index stood at 14.69 as of Thursday, near a March level of 14.58 that was the lowest since July 2014. Advertisement Investors "are aware that valuations are high, but even so they are taking a lot more risk", he says. Toru Ibayashi, head of wealth management research at UBS Group in Tokyo, is closely watching slowing US auto sales, which he sees as a sign of a slowdown in consumer spending. Car sales trailed estimates in March as demand plunged for sedan and compact models. Ibayashi expects that to hurt the Topix, which he says won't renew this year's high anytime soon. "We believe the US economy is solid, but it's not accelerating very strongly," Ibayashi said. People are betting Trump policy will weaken the yen and boost corporate earnings in Japan, he said. "I don't buy that story." The yen has seen three stages since Trump's election. It weakened from around 103 per dollar in early November to about 118 in mid-December on optimism that the US president's policies would spur growth. Then it gained to about 108 earlier this month, as the Trump trade receded and the Federal Reserve signalled a gradual path on raising interest rates. Since then, it's weakened to around 111. All this has an impact on Japanese earnings, especially for the nation's giant exporters. As full-year reporting season kicks off in Tokyo for companies with March year-ends, Mitsubishi UFJ Morgan Stanley Securities still sees 14 per cent growth in ordinary profit at Topix companies excluding financials this fiscal year. Ibayashi, however, says profit growth will probably be closer to 2 per cent. Not everyone is as pessimistic. "I think Japanese shares are still relatively cheap," says Ichiro Yamada, a general manager of equities at Fukoku Mutual Life Insurance in Tokyo. The Topix trades at 13.9 times estimated earnings, compared with 15.9 times for a measure of European shares. John Vail, the chief global strategist at Nikko Asset Management, agrees that valuations are "quite low". He forecasts that the Topix will rise about 10 per cent by year-end. "Less fear of economic turmoil related to the French election improves both corporate profit prospects and investor confidence in general," he said, noting that improvement in corporate governance at Japanese companies is another cause for optimism. But his upbeat outlook also hinges, to some degree, on geopolitical risks remaining contained. North Korea refrained from carrying out a nuclear test when it celebrated the birth date of its founder Kim Il Sung earlier this month, instead unsuccessfully launching a ballistic missile. "The North Korea story remains a threat," Shigemi said. "Considering all these risks, it doesn't feel like we're in for a big upswing but rather, it's time to be wary about what'll come at you tomorrow." Advertisement HuffPost Australia Why Giving Your Kids Pocket Money Too ... Contains: External link 'I Don't Know If I'll Be Here In A ... Contains: External link Most Popular 'Breeds distrust': Coles to cut back on specials 'Be careful what you wish for': RBA could cause Aussie rout Seven ordered by court to mediate Amber Harrison case $4.4b in five minutes: Bezos cashes in on Amazon share surge Facebook Australia pays more tax following crackdown Follow BusinessDay Share on FacebookFacebook Share on TwitterTwitter Follow WA Today Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on EmailNewsletters Advertisement Most Viewed Today Previous slide Next slide Business 'Be careful what you wish for': RBA could cause Aussie rout 'Breeds distrust': Coles to cut back on specials Seven ordered by court to mediate Amber Harrison case $4.4b in five minutes: Bezos cashes in on Amazon share surge Telcos slammed over phone-plan sales to welfare recipients WA Today 'It's offensive': MP Anne Aly responds to Anzac Day snub claims Australian woman dies in scooter crash in Bali 'I'm over the moon': Jobless father's desperate attempt pays off Public sector job loses as WA government departments slashed Perth radio ratings: survey 2 brings good news for hit92.9 The Sydney Morning Herald Australian woman dies in scooter crash in Bali 'Be careful what you wish for': RBA could cause Aussie rout Woman fights for life in hospital after fiance allegedly set her on fire Obama is just another money-grubbing politician 'Most wanted' Chinese fugitive believed to be hiding in leafy Sydney The Age Losing my religion for equality Woman fights for life in hospital after fiance allegedly set her on fire Australian woman dies in scooter crash in Bali 'Be careful what you wish for': RBA could cause Aussie rout After 47 days missing, trekker found alive next to the body of his girlfriend Brisbane Times Get your woolies out Brisbane, Friday morning is going to be cold Life after Robin Bailey gets tougher for 97.3FM 10 historical facts every Brisbane resident should know Kiwis get twitchy as foreigners flock to New Zealand, and stay Robots will wipe out backpacker jobs within five years: Campbell Newman Canberra Times Court win could open public service compo floodgates 'Be careful what you wish for': RBA could cause Aussie rout Ikea Canberra launches same day click and collect ACT government signs suite of light rail stage 2 contracts Canberra Raiders star reported his own drink driving to police to 'prove a point' WA Today Share via Email Share on Facebook Share on Google Plus Share on Twitter RSS Feed Products and Services AM Edition PM Edition Good Food Guide Newsletters WA Today Sitemap About Us Contact Us Advertise With Us Text Version Site Accessibility Guide Classifieds Classifieds & Notices Cars Dating Jobs Real Estate Commercial Real Estate Oneflare Nabo Our Sites SMH The Age AFR.com Adzuna Domain Drive RSVP Essential Baby Home Price Guide Weatherzone Fairfax Media Member Centre News Store Archive Fairfax Syndication Careers Events Press Council Copyright © 2017Fairfax Media Website Feedback
X Edition: United States Business Business Home Legal Deals Aerospace & Defense Finance Autos Reuters Summits ADventures Data Dive Markets Markets Home U.S. Markets European Markets Asian Markets Global Market Data Stocks Bonds Currencies Commodities Futures Funds Earnings Dividends World World Home U.S. Special Reports Reuters Investigates Euro Zone Middle East China Japan Mexico Brazil Africa Russia India Politics Politics Home Polling Explorer Live: Trump's First 100 Days Supreme Court Tech Technology Home Science Top 100 Global Innovators Media Environment Innovation Commentary Commentary Home Podcasts Breakingviews Breakingviews Home Breakingviews Video Money Money Home Retirement Lipper Awards Analyst Research Stock Screener Fund Screener Life Health Sports Arts Entertainment Oddly Enough Pictures Pictures Home The Wider Image Photographers Focus 360 Video JPMorgan Chase & Co leaves blockchain consortium R3 Africa América Latina عربي Argentina Brasil Canada 中国 Deutschland España France India Italia 日本 México РОССИЯ United Kingdom United States FRB | Thu Apr 27, 2017 | 4:13pm EDT JPMorgan Chase & Co leaves blockchain consortium R3 By Anna Irrera | NEW YORK NEW YORK JPMorgan Chase & Co has left the mammoth bank blockchain consortium led by New York-based startup R3 CEV, the latest member to depart over the course of the company's fundraising process, R3 confirmed on Thursday. R3, which counts about 80 financial institutions as members, wants to raise $150 million from its members and strategic investors and give them a 60 percent stake in R3. "We're grateful to JPMorgan for their input to R3," R3 said in a statement after Reuters reported the bank's departure. "We've got over 80 members across the world and have secured significant commitment from them in terms of both capital and resources." JPMorgan declined to comment. JPMorgan's move follows the departure of other large banks from the R3 consortium. Goldman Sachs Group Inc, Banco Santander SA, Morgan Stanley and National Australian Bank left the group in quick succession in late 2016, as R3 proceeded with its fundraising plans. Like the other banks that have left the group, JPMorgan is involved in other blockchain initiatives. The bank is a member of the newly formed blockchain consortium Enterprise Ethereum Alliance, and is an investor in blockchain startups Axoni and Digital Asset Holdings. It also participates in the Hyperledger Project, a cross-industry group led by the Linux Foundation. R3, which began operating in September 2015, seeks to help the financial sector develop shared blockchain technology to run some of their most cumbersome and expensive processes. Blockchain is a distributed ledger of transactions that is maintained by a network of computers on the internet rather than a centralized authority. It first emerged as the system underpinning cryptocurrency bitcoin, but banks are hoping it can help them reduce the complexity and costs of activities like international payments and trading settlement. Skeptics have warned that the technology is still in its early days and it might take many years before the financial industry can reap any benefits. Since it began operating, R3 has rapidly gained the support from the world's largest banks, with members including UBS Group AG, Deutsche Bank AG, Barclays Plc, Bank of America Corp. So far they have paid membership fees to participate in the company's activities. R3 had initially planned to raise $200 million from members and give them a 90 percent stake in a new company. In November, it lowered the target and said members would get a 60 percent stake in R3. Thomson Reuters Corp is also a member of R3. Our Standards: The Thomson Reuters Trust Principles Next In FRB JGBs firm on strong 2-year sale as investors await BOJ's purchase plans TOKYO, April 28 Japanese government bonds firmed on Friday after a two-year auction met strong demand, as investors awaited details of the Bank of Japan's regular bond-purchasing operations for next month. BRIEF-Oscar Properties Holding Q1 net sales rise to SEK 748.4 mln * Q1 NET SALES SEK 748.4 MILLION VERSUS SEK 444.3 MILLION YEAR AGO MORE FROM REUTERS Sponsored Content From Around the WebPromoted by Revcontent Trending Stories Pictures Photos of the day Sponsored Topics X Follow Reuters: Follow Us On Twitter Follow Us On Facebook Follow Us On RSS Follow Us On Instagram Follow Us On YouTube Follow Us On LinkedIn Subscribe: Feeds | Newsletters | Podcasts | Apps Reuters News Agency | Brand Attribution Guidelines | Careers Reuters is the news and media division of Thomson Reuters. Thomson Reuters is the world's largest international multimedia news agency, providing investing news, world news, business news, technology news, headline news, small business news, news alerts, personal finance, stock market, and mutual funds information available on Reuters.com, video, mobile, and interactive television platforms. Learn more about Thomson Reuters products: Eikon Information, analytics and exclusive news on financial markets - delivered in an intuitive desktop and mobile interface Elektron Everything you need to empower your workflow and enhance your enterprise data management World-Check Screen for heightened risk individual and entities globally to help uncover hidden risks in business relationships and human networks Westlaw Build the strongest argument relying on authoritative content, attorney-editor expertise, and industry defining technology ONESOURCE The most comprehensive solution to manage all your complex and ever-expanding tax and compliance needs CHECKPOINT The industry leader for online information for tax, accounting and finance professionals All quotes delayed a minimum of 15 minutes. See here for a complete list of exchanges and delays. Site Feedback Corrections Advertising Guidelines Cookies Terms of Use Privacy Policy
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 27 April 2017 by Maciej Heyman JPMorgan Chase to Present at the Morgan Stanley Financials Conference NEW YORK–(BUSINESS WIRE)–Gordon Smith, Chief Executive Officer of Consumer & Community Banking at JPMorgan Chase & Co., will present at the Morgan Stanley Financials Conference at the InterContinental New York Barclay Hotel in New York City on Tuesday, June 13, 2017 at 4:15 p.m. (Eastern). A live audio webcast will be available on the day of the conference at www.jpmorganchase.com under Investor Relations, Events & Presentations. JPMorgan Chase & Co. (NYSE:JPM) is a leading global financial services firm with assets of $2.5 trillion and operations worldwide. The Firm is a leader in investment banking, financial services for consumers and small businesses, commercial banking, financial transaction processing, and asset management. A component of the Dow Jones Industrial Average, JPMorgan Chase & Co. serves millions of consumers in the United States and many of the world’s most prominent corporate, institutional and government clients under its J.P. Morgan and Chase brands. Information about JPMorgan Chase & Co. is available at www.jpmorganchase.com. CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Delos™ Invests in Finnish Smart Green Wall Company Naava and Introduces Cutting Edge Technology to U.S. Market Next PostNext JPMorgan Chase to Present at the Deutsche Bank Global Financial Services Conference Search Recent Posts Webinar: Census Business Builder 2.2: What’s Coming in July Frequency inverter Market Capacity, Entry Strategies, Production and Production Value & Forecast 2017-2022 ADOMANI’s Reg A+ Offering Is Qualified by the SEC for Up to $22 Million; Announces NASDAQ Listing With Lead Underwriter Boustead Securitie Special Olympics und MetLife Foundation geben internationale Partnerschaft bekannt Global Autonomous Vehicle Sensor Market to Grow at a CAGR of 113% by 2025 – Driven by Government Promotions to Adopt LiDAR Sensors in Vehicles – Research and Markets Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 27 April 2017 by Maciej Heyman JPMorgan Chase to Present at the Deutsche Bank Global Financial Services Conference NEW YORK–(BUSINESS WIRE)–Marianne Lake, Chief Financial Officer of JPMorgan Chase & Co., will present at the Deutsche Bank Global Financial Services Conference at the InterContinental New York Barclay Hotel in New York City on Wednesday, May 31, 2017 at 9:00 a.m. (Eastern). A live audio webcast will be available on the day of the conference at www.jpmorganchase.com under Investor Relations, Events & Presentations. JPMorgan Chase & Co. (NYSE: JPM) is a leading global financial services firm with assets of $2.5 trillion and operations worldwide. The Firm is a leader in investment banking, financial services for consumers and small businesses, commercial banking, financial transaction processing, and asset management. A component of the Dow Jones Industrial Average, JPMorgan Chase & Co. serves millions of consumers in the United States and many of the world’s most prominent corporate, institutional and government clients under its J.P. Morgan and Chase brands. Information about JPMorgan Chase & Co. is available at www.jpmorganchase.com. CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious JPMorgan Chase to Present at the Morgan Stanley Financials Conference Next PostNext Pro Bono Calculator: Quantifying the Value of Pro Bono Search Recent Posts Webinar: Census Business Builder 2.2: What’s Coming in July Frequency inverter Market Capacity, Entry Strategies, Production and Production Value & Forecast 2017-2022 ADOMANI’s Reg A+ Offering Is Qualified by the SEC for Up to $22 Million; Announces NASDAQ Listing With Lead Underwriter Boustead Securitie Special Olympics und MetLife Foundation geben internationale Partnerschaft bekannt Global Autonomous Vehicle Sensor Market to Grow at a CAGR of 113% by 2025 – Driven by Government Promotions to Adopt LiDAR Sensors in Vehicles – Research and Markets Proudly powered by WordPress
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Titan Machinery Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Titan Machinery Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Habit Restaurants Inc (HABT) Shares Bought by Granite Investment Partners LLC Bartlett & Co. LLC Maintains Stake in Hawaiian Electric Industries, Inc. (HE) River Road Asset Management LLC Raises Stake in Gran Tierra Energy Inc (GTE) Granite Investment Partners LLC Acquires 287,392 Shares of Novadaq Technologies Inc. (NVDQ) Granite Investment Partners LLC Sells 7,779 Shares of Titan Machinery Inc. (TITN) Bartlett & Co. LLC Decreases Position in SunTrust Banks, Inc. (STI) Granite Investment Partners LLC Raises Position in USA Technologies, Inc. (USAT) River Road Asset Management LLC Has $6.916 Million Position in Barrett Business Services, Inc. (BBSI) Anadarko Petroleum Co. (APC) Stake Held by Bartlett & Co. LLC Granite Investment Partners LLC Increases Position in Motorcar Parts of America, Inc. (MPAA) FY2018 EPS Estimates for Masco Corp (MAS) Increased by Gabelli FY2018 EPS Estimates for Precision Drilling Co. (PD) Lifted by Cormark Jefferies Group Brokers Lift Earnings Estimates for J Sainsbury plc (JSAIY) Rockwell Collins, Inc. (COL) Upgraded to Buy at Zacks Investment Research Aaron's, Inc. (AAN) Rating Increased to B- at TheStreet Deckers Outdoor Corp (DECK) Price Target Raised to $70.00 at Stifel Nicolaus Crane Co. (CR) Price Target Raised to $84.00 at Stifel Nicolaus Chesapeake Utilities Co. (CPK) Receives New Coverage from Analysts at Royal Bank of Canada Sito Mobile Ltd (SITO) Receives $5.44 Consensus Price Target from Brokerages Analysts Set Black Diamond Grou (BDIMF) PT at $5.30 Granite Investment Partners LLC Sells 7,779 Shares of Titan Machinery Inc. (TITN) April 27th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Trevor Kearing Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Granite Investment Partners LLC cut its stake in Titan Machinery Inc. (NASDAQ:TITN) by 3.9% during the first quarter, according to its most recent disclosure with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). The firm owned 190,993 shares of the company’s stock after selling 7,779 shares during the period. Granite Investment Partners LLC’s holdings in Titan Machinery were worth $2,930,000 at the end of the most recent quarter. Several other large investors also recently bought and sold shares of TITN. California Public Employees Retirement System raised its stake in Titan Machinery by 14.9% in the third quarter. California Public Employees Retirement System now owns 79,600 shares of the company’s stock valued at $828,000 after buying an additional 10,300 shares during the period. Alambic Investment Management L.P. raised its stake in shares of Titan Machinery by 20.9% in the third quarter. Alambic Investment Management L.P. now owns 20,235 shares of the company’s stock worth $210,000 after buying an additional 3,500 shares during the last quarter. US Bancorp DE raised its stake in shares of Titan Machinery by 142.0% in the third quarter. US Bancorp DE now owns 11,236 shares of the company’s stock worth $117,000 after buying an additional 6,593 shares during the last quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. raised its stake in shares of Titan Machinery by 1.3% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 871,875 shares of the company’s stock worth $9,067,000 after buying an additional 11,419 shares during the last quarter. Finally, Rutabaga Capital Management LLC MA raised its stake in shares of Titan Machinery by 4.1% in the third quarter. Rutabaga Capital Management LLC MA now owns 519,750 shares of the company’s stock worth $4,828,000 after buying an additional 20,650 shares during the last quarter. Hedge funds and other institutional investors own 85.40% of the company’s stock. Shares of Titan Machinery Inc. (NASDAQ:TITN) traded up 0.31% during midday trading on Thursday, reaching $16.20. The company’s stock had a trading volume of 64,848 shares. The firm’s market capitalization is $345.48 million. The stock has a 50-day moving average of $14.59 and a 200 day moving average of $13.33. Titan Machinery Inc. has a 12-month low of $8.68 and a 12-month high of $16.80. Titan Machinery (NASDAQ:TITN) last posted its earnings results on Thursday, March 30th. The company reported ($0.31) EPS for the quarter, missing analysts’ consensus estimates of ($0.21) by $0.10. Titan Machinery had a negative return on equity of 10.64% and a negative net margin of 3.33%. The firm had revenue of $317.60 million for the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $311.80 million. During the same period in the previous year, the firm posted ($1.31) earnings per share. The company’s revenue for the quarter was down 5.3% on a year-over-year basis. Equities research analysts predict that Titan Machinery Inc. will post $0.02 EPS for the current fiscal year. WARNING: “Granite Investment Partners LLC Sells 7,779 Shares of Titan Machinery Inc. (TITN)” was originally posted by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are accessing this piece on another publication, it was stolen and republished in violation of United States & international trademark and copyright laws. The correct version of this piece can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/27/granite-investment-partners-llc-sells-7779-shares-of-titan-machinery-inc-titn.html. A number of brokerages have issued reports on TITN. TheStreet upgraded Titan Machinery from a “d+” rating to a “c-” rating in a research note on Monday, April 10th. Zacks Investment Research upgraded Titan Machinery from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $15.00 price target for the company in a research note on Wednesday, February 15th. Finally, Aegis began coverage on Titan Machinery in a research note on Tuesday, January 10th. They issued a “buy” rating and a $18.00 price target for the company. Titan Machinery Company Profile Titan Machinery Inc owns and operates a network of service agricultural and construction equipment stores in the United States and Europe. The Company engages in four principal business activities: new and used equipment sales; parts sales; repair and maintenance services, and equipment rental and other activities. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding TITN? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Titan Machinery Inc. (NASDAQ:TITN). Receive News & Ratings for Titan Machinery Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Titan Machinery Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Judge Uses Comment by President Trump in Ruling Fight for Border Wall Approaches in Attempt to Avoid Shutdown President Trump Attempting To Repeal ACA Again Vice President Pence Says North Korea Should Not Test U.S. Resolve Trump’s Back and Forth on Economics © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Skip to navigation Skip to content Skip to footer View text version of this page Help using this website - Accessibility statement Menu WA Today Business Login Sign-up Become a WA Today member today Join today and you can easily save your favourite articles, join in the conversation and comment, plus select which news your want direct to your inbox. Create your account now! Become a WA Today member today Join today and you can easily save your favourite articles, join in the conversation and comment, plus select which news your want direct to your inbox. Create your account now! Home News Sport Business World Politics Comment Property Entertainment Lifestyle Travel Cars Tech Video All News WA News WA Election 2017 National Environment Health Education Galleries Good Weekend NSW News Victoria News ACT News Queensland Sport AFL WA Sport Cricket Union Soccer NRL Racing Golf Basketball Cycling Motorsport Tennis Scores Athletics Swimming Boxing Sailing Netball Fitz Files Business News Markets Quotes Workplace Consumer Property Innovation Retail Economy CBD Money Small Business Politics Politics Political Opinion Video Cartoons The Pulse Federal Election 2016 Your Vote Electorate Map Comment View from the Street Blunt Instrument Obituaries Satire Heckler Entertainment Movies TV & Radio TV Guide Music Art Stage Books Your Perth Video Lifestyle News & Views Life & Relationships Health & Wellbeing Beauty Fashion Celebrity Home The Optimist Tech News Security Web Culture Innovation Sci-Tech Games Gadgets Smartphone Apps Mobiles Video News Sport Business Entertainment Lifestyle Property Cars Food Exec Style Parenting Search Site News Markets Quotes Federal Budget 2017 Workplace Consumer Retail Economy CBD Money Small Biz Property Innovation Indices Market Movers Sectors Currencies Live 52 Week Highs 52 Week Lows Floats & IPOs Home Business Markets April 28 2017 - 2:37AM Save Print Euro seen rallying as short-term political risk recedes Stefania Spezzati and Anooja Debnath facebook SHARE twitter TWEET email google-plus linkedin reddit More What a difference a week can make. Perceived as the riskiest currency on the planet until Sunday's French election, the euro is suddenly everyone's favourite. Goldman Sachs expects the euro to gain almost 4 per cent after the first round of the vote delivered all that investors hoped for. Pacific Investment Management Co has a "more constructive" view on the currency and Nomura Holdings has recommended buying it. BlackRock and JPMorgan Asset Management favour European shares amid reduced political risk, while BlueBay Asset Management has already added to holdings. SHARE Share on Facebook SHARE Share on Twitter TWEET Link Goldman Sachs and UBS Group both expect the shared currency to extend its advance toward $US1.13. Photo: Christophe Morin Investors are more bullish on European assets as risks of a victory for anti-euro presidential candidate Marine Le Pen recede, reducing the odds of a political upset similar to Brexit and Donald Trump's victory. French polls, which got the first-round results right, now see centrist Emmanuel Macron becoming president. The rising optimism contrasts with option prices before the April 23 vote, which were the most bearish for the euro than any other currency. "We see short-term political risk in Europe receding," Thomas Kressin, Munich-based portfolio manager at Pimco, which manages $US1.5 trillion of assets, said in an interview. "We consider the euro to be cheap. Investors will be back to look at the euro from a valuation basis. We see the fundamental fair value of the currency closer to $US1.25 in the long term." Pimco declined to comment on its positions. The euro has rallied 1.6 per cent after the French presidential election, touching a five-month high of $US1.0951 on Wednesday. Overnight it was 0.2 per cent lower at $US1.0881. The yield spread between French 10-year securities and German bunds narrowed to 47 basis points from as high as 84 basis points in February. 'Enthusiastic about Europe' "The French election is already a first step toward a more stable political environment in Europe," said Vincent Juvyns, global market strategist at JPMorgan Asset, which oversees $US1.8 trillion globally. "I am, from a fundamental and economic perspective, enthusiastic about Europe." The fund is neutral at the moment on Europe but would look to increase exposure in coming weeks, he added. Advertisement The cost of two-week options to buy the common currency against the US dollar has surged, relative to contracts for selling, to minus 133 basis points from minus 386 basis points before the April 23 vote. The so-called risk-reversal rate was the most bearish for the euro among global currencies on April 21. Goldman Sachs and UBS Group both expect the shared currency to extend its advance toward $US1.13. "The market has acknowledged that the polls were accurate in France," Isabelle Vic-Philippe, Paris-based fund manager at Amundi Asset Management, said in emailed comments. "So the second round seems to be a done deal and Macron has a high probability of becoming the next French president." Complacency a risk Still, some caution is warranted. "The probability of a Le Pen presidency has decreased but is not yet null," said Marc de-Muizon, a London-based economist at Deutsche Bank. "The risks of a possible new scandal, a strong debate performance by the National Front leader or complacency from the electorate should still be monitored." And just as France concerns ease, another political risk looms on the horizon. Italian elections, likely in early 2018, will be "the next pressure point," Goldman strategist Silvia Ardagna wrote in a client note. Amundi Asset bought "some" bonds after France's election, according to Vic-Philippe, while Credit Agricole said in a note to clients that Asian accounts and central banks are buying French assets again, according to London-based strategist Afsaneh Mastouri. "It makes sense to have a positive view on risk assets in the euro zone," said Mark Dowding, a London-based fund manager at BlueBay Asset, which manages $US55.5 billion and has overweight positions on the region's corporate, financial and sovereign debt. "We feel some more conservative investors will wait until after the second round of the vote, but that markets will rally in anticipation of a Macron win." Advertisement HuffPost Australia Why Giving Your Kids Pocket Money Too ... Contains: External link 'I Don't Know If I'll Be Here In A ... Contains: External link Most Popular 'Breeds distrust': Coles to cut back on specials 'Be careful what you wish for': RBA could cause Aussie rout Seven ordered by court to mediate Amber Harrison case $4.4b in five minutes: Bezos cashes in on Amazon share surge Facebook Australia pays more tax following crackdown Follow BusinessDay Share on FacebookFacebook Share on TwitterTwitter Follow WA Today Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on EmailNewsletters Advertisement Most Viewed Today Previous slide Next slide Business 'Be careful what you wish for': RBA could cause Aussie rout 'Breeds distrust': Coles to cut back on specials Seven ordered by court to mediate Amber Harrison case $4.4b in five minutes: Bezos cashes in on Amazon share surge Network Ten's financial worries steal the show WA Today 'It's offensive': MP Anne Aly responds to Anzac Day snub claims Australian woman dies in scooter crash in Bali 'I'm over the moon': Jobless father's desperate attempt pays off Public sector job loses as WA government departments slashed Perth radio ratings: survey 2 brings good news for hit92.9 The Sydney Morning Herald Australian woman dies in scooter crash in Bali 'Be careful what you wish for': RBA could cause Aussie rout Woman fights for life in hospital after fiance allegedly set her on fire Obama is just another money-grubbing politician 'Most wanted' Chinese fugitive believed to be hiding in leafy Sydney The Age Losing my religion for equality Woman fights for life in hospital after fiance allegedly set her on fire Australian woman dies in scooter crash in Bali 'Be careful what you wish for': RBA could cause Aussie rout After 47 days missing, trekker found alive next to the body of his girlfriend Brisbane Times Get your woolies out Brisbane, Friday morning is going to be cold Life after Robin Bailey gets tougher for 97.3FM 10 historical facts every Brisbane resident should know Kiwis get twitchy as foreigners flock to New Zealand, and stay Robots will wipe out backpacker jobs within five years: Campbell Newman Canberra Times Court win could open public service compo floodgates 'Be careful what you wish for': RBA could cause Aussie rout Ikea Canberra launches same day click and collect ACT government signs suite of light rail stage 2 contracts Canberra Raiders star reported his own drink driving to police to 'prove a point' WA Today Share via Email Share on Facebook Share on Google Plus Share on Twitter RSS Feed Products and Services AM Edition PM Edition Good Food Guide Newsletters WA Today Sitemap About Us Contact Us Advertise With Us Text Version Site Accessibility Guide Classifieds Classifieds & Notices Cars Dating Jobs Real Estate Commercial Real Estate Oneflare Nabo Our Sites SMH The Age AFR.com Adzuna Domain Drive RSVP Essential Baby Home Price Guide Weatherzone Fairfax Media Member Centre News Store Archive Fairfax Syndication Careers Events Press Council Copyright © 2017Fairfax Media Website Feedback
HOME EDITION News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance Etf Street Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Tech Guide Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows Watch Live CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Full Episodes More Log In | Register Log Out News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Consumer Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Take a Tour Subscribe Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance Etf Street Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Tech Guide Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Special Reports Iconic Tour CNBC Disruptor 50 Trading Nation My Success Story Investing in Megatrends Tech Transformers Future Opportunities Original Series Executive Edge Trading Nation Futures Now Retire Well The Pulse @ 1 Market The Bottom Line CNBC Events Davos Delivering Alpha eMerge Americas iCONIC Conference Cambridge Cyber Summit Sohn Conference Follow CNBC EDITION Register Log In Profile Email Preferences PRO Sign Out Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Take a Tour Subscribe LIVE TV Watch CNBC TV Watch CNBC Pro Watchlist X × × × × Investing Finance Banks Investing Wall Street Hedge Funds M&A Insurance Venture Capital Airline shares decline as Wall Street worries the stocks will become a poor investment again Airline stocks are falling as Wall Street worries about a new pay raise agreement for pilots and flight attendants. JPMorgan downgrades American Airlines to neutral from overweight due to the labor deal. Warren Buffett bought stakes in three airlines last November, causing many investors to reconsider the stocks as sound investments. Tae Kim | @firstadopter 10 Hours AgoCNBC.com SHARES Robyn Beck | AFP | Getty Images American Airlines passenger planes are seen on the tarmac at Miami International Airport. Shares of airlines fell Thursday after poor earnings and a big pay raise for pilots and flight attendants raised concern on Wall Street that the sector was returning to the days when the stocks rarely made good investments. American Airlines shares closed down more than 5 percent Thursday after its earnings and a downgrade from JPMorgan. Other airline stocks such as United Continental closed down almost 1 percent, while Delta Airlines, closed over 1 percent lower. Southwest Airlines closed down more than 2 percent after it reported lower-than-expected earnings per share of 61 cents versus the 63 cent Wall Street consensus. Even though American Airlines posted first quarter earnings per share of 61 cents versus the 57 cents Street average estimate, investors focused on the implications of the company's new pay raises for its employees. JPMorgan airline analyst Jamie Baker downgraded American to neutral from overweight on the new labor deal. "We are troubled by AAL's wealth transfer of nearly $1 billion to its labor groups. In addition to raising fixed costs, American's agreement with its labor stakeholders establishes a worrying precedent, in our view, both for American and the industry," Baker wrote in a note to clients Thursday. "In our minds, this is a seminal event, and represents the first, credible potential blow to our long-held 'it's different this time' investment thesis." The analyst cited how the new agreement raised flight attendant and pilot pay by 5 percent and 8 percent, respectively. "Unfortunately the American move today has emboldened unions probably across the entire space. It's led them to believe you can come back mid-contract [and] ask for whatever you want," Baker said on CNBC's "Halftime Report" Tuesday. "And that in turn makes that march toward higher multiples, not impossible, but a little bit more challenging." As a result, he lowered his price target for American Airlines to $52 from $59, representing 18 percent upside from Thursday's close of $43.98 per share. Last November, Warren Buffett's Berkshire Hathaway bought stakes in American, United and Delta in a big reversal for the value investing legend, who like most investors had sworn off the sector for decades. The stocks are still higher since that Buffett investment, but his profit is being reduced quickly after Thursday's decline. United Airlines also announced on Thursday it will offer up to $10,000 to customers who will give up their seat on an overbooked flight. The airline industry is under increased scrutiny due to the bloody confrontation earlier this month, when an airline passenger was dragged off an overbooked flight. "If overbooking were legislated out, if it was regulated away, revenue trends will initially go lower and ticket prices will have to be increased. That will come out of consumers' pockets," Baker added on CNBC. Disclaimer Tae KimInvesting Journalist Related Securities Symbol Price   Change %Change AAL ---
X Edition: United States Business Business Home Legal Deals Aerospace & Defense Finance Autos Reuters Summits ADventures Data Dive Markets Markets Home U.S. Markets European Markets Asian Markets Global Market Data Stocks Bonds Currencies Commodities Futures Funds Earnings Dividends World World Home U.S. Special Reports Reuters Investigates Euro Zone Middle East China Japan Mexico Brazil Africa Russia India Politics Politics Home Polling Explorer Live: Trump's First 100 Days Supreme Court Tech Technology Home Science Top 100 Global Innovators Media Environment Innovation Commentary Commentary Home Podcasts Breakingviews Breakingviews Home Breakingviews Video Money Money Home Retirement Lipper Awards Analyst Research Stock Screener Fund Screener Life Health Sports Arts Entertainment Oddly Enough Pictures Pictures Home The Wider Image Photographers Focus 360 Video MOVES-JPMorgan hires Goldman execs to beef up Australia operations Africa América Latina عربي Argentina Brasil Canada 中国 Deutschland España France India Italia 日本 México РОССИЯ United Kingdom United States Market News | Thu Apr 27, 2017 | 11:53am EDT MOVES-JPMorgan hires Goldman execs to beef up Australia operations April 27 JPMorgan Chase & Co hired three Goldman Sachs executives to strengthen its operations in Australia and New Zealand, according to an internal memo seen by Reuters. JPMorgan named Andrew Tanner and Steve Maartensz as co-heads of equity distribution and Dyson Bowditch as head of syndicate for Australia and New Zealand. All the three new hires will be joining the bank at the end of July. (Reporting by Divya Grover in Bengaluru) Our Standards: The Thomson Reuters Trust Principles Next In Market News GLOBAL MARKETS-Profit-taking trips up Asian stocks, Korean won slips on Trump trade threat * Korea stocks, won down after Trump says trade deal needs change Westinghouse says will continue operating normally under Chapter 11 BEIJING, April 28 Toshiba Corp's Westinghouse Electric Co unit will continue operating normally despite the ongoing Chapter 11 restructuring, an executive at the troubled company said on Friday. MORE FROM REUTERS Sponsored Content From Around the WebPromoted by Revcontent Trending Stories Pictures Photos of the day Sponsored Topics X Follow Reuters: Follow Us On Twitter Follow Us On Facebook Follow Us On RSS Follow Us On Instagram Follow Us On YouTube Follow Us On LinkedIn Subscribe: Feeds | Newsletters | Podcasts | Apps Reuters News Agency | Brand Attribution Guidelines | Careers Reuters is the news and media division of Thomson Reuters. Thomson Reuters is the world's largest international multimedia news agency, providing investing news, world news, business news, technology news, headline news, small business news, news alerts, personal finance, stock market, and mutual funds information available on Reuters.com, video, mobile, and interactive television platforms. Learn more about Thomson Reuters products: Eikon Information, analytics and exclusive news on financial markets - delivered in an intuitive desktop and mobile interface Elektron Everything you need to empower your workflow and enhance your enterprise data management World-Check Screen for heightened risk individual and entities globally to help uncover hidden risks in business relationships and human networks Westlaw Build the strongest argument relying on authoritative content, attorney-editor expertise, and industry defining technology ONESOURCE The most comprehensive solution to manage all your complex and ever-expanding tax and compliance needs CHECKPOINT The industry leader for online information for tax, accounting and finance professionals All quotes delayed a minimum of 15 minutes. See here for a complete list of exchanges and delays. Site Feedback Corrections Advertising Guidelines Cookies Terms of Use Privacy Policy
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 27 April 2017 by Maciej Heyman JPMorgan Chase Institute’s Local Consumer Commerce Index Shows a 0.7 Percent Decrease in Consumer Spending Growth in January 2017 WASHINGTON–(BUSINESS WIRE)–Today, the JPMorgan Chase Institute released its Local Consumer Commerce Index (LCCI) for January 2017, which showed that all 15 of the US cities analyzed had lower year-over-year consumer spending growth rates in January compared to December 2016, and only four had positive growth rates. Overall, year-over-year consumer spending declined by 0.7 percent in January. However, as in May 2016, much of this decline can be attributed to “day of week” (DOW) effects, as January 2016 had an extra Friday and Saturday. Data visualization of the changes in local consumer spending growth over the last 24 months can be found online. Restaurants experienced a rare decline in January 2017, subtracting 0.2 percentage points from growth. Large business growth remained positive at 1.1 percentage points, but that growth was more than offset by declines in small and medium size business growth, which decreased by 0.4 and 1.4 percentage points, respectively. This report provides a timely view of how the following cities and surrounding metro areas are faring economically, both individually and in aggregate: Atlanta, Chicago, Columbus, Dallas-Fort Worth, Denver, Detroit, Houston, Miami, Los Angeles, New York, Phoenix, Portland (OR), San Diego, San Francisco, and Seattle. By looking at actual, de-identified financial transactions, LCCI offers an ongoing, dynamic view of the financial health of the US consumer and vibrancy of the places where businesses operate. “Although January 2017 experienced a decline in growth, fuel spending has increased for two consecutive months,” said Diana Farrell, President and CEO of the JPMorgan Chase Institute. “This is a marked departure from a lengthy period of negative growth in virtually every month over more than two years. This uptick in fuel spending moderated an otherwise fairly general decline in local consumer commerce.” Additional key highlights from the latest Index include: New York slowed from a 2 percent growth rate in December 2016 to a 0.3 percent growth rate in January 2017. Despite this contraction, New York retained the highest growth rate of all large LCCI cities. All age groups, with the notable exception of consumers aged 65 experienced lower growth contribution in January than December. All income groups had lower growth rates in January 2017 relative to December 2016. Fuel spending continued to pick up from its trend breaking growth contribution of 0.1 percentage points in November 2016, contributing 0.5 percentage points to growth in January 2017. As before, this is largely an effect of rising fuel prices. The LCCI offers unique advantages over existing measures of consumer spending. The LCCI captures actual transactions, instead of self-reported measures of how consumers think they spend. The LCCI provides timely data on spending in 15 major metropolitan areas; such geographic granularity is unavailable in most other spending measures. These 15 cities mirror the geographic and economic diversity of larger metropolitan areas in the United States and account for 32 percent of retail sales nationwide. The index also presents a more granular view of local consumer commerce through five important lenses: consumer age, consumer income, business size, product type, and consumer residence relative to the location of the business. For each lens, we show how different segments contributed to year-over-year spending growth. The LCCI captures economic activity in sectors that previously have not been well understood by other data sources. These include sectors such as food trucks, new merchants, and personal services. Each release of the LCCI describes the economic picture of local communities and provides a powerful tool for city development officials, businesses, investors, and statistical agencies to better understand the everyday economic health of consumers, businesses, and the places they care about. About the JPMorgan Chase Institute The JPMorgan Chase Institute is a global think tank dedicated to delivering data-rich analyses and expert insights for the public good. Its aim is to help decision makers – policymakers, businesses, and nonprofit leaders – appreciate the scale, granularity, diversity, and interconnectedness of the global economic system and use better facts, timely data, and thoughtful analysis to make smarter decisions to advance global prosperity. Drawing on JPMorgan Chase & Co.’s unique proprietary data, expertise, and market access, the Institute develops analyses and insights on the inner workings of the global economy, frames critical problems, and convenes stakeholders and leading thinkers. For more information visit: jpmorganchaseinstitute.com. CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious BIASC CEO to Join Taller San Jose Hope Builders’ Investor’s Breakfast Panel Next PostNext HSLDA: Cuban Pastor Jailed for Homeschooling Search Recent Posts Léo-Blanchette Postal Facility Opioid Exposure Exposition à un opioïde à l’Etablissement de traitement du courrier Léo-Blanchette Semiconductor Assembly and Testing Services (SATS) Market Estimated to Expand at a CAGR of 5.8% During a Six-Year Forecast Period 2015-2021 Active Pharmaceutical Ingredient Market Would Reach US $186 Bn by 2020 India Market Analysis on Golf Carts: Hotels/Resorts End User Segment Anticipated to Create Good Value Opportunity Till 2024 Proudly powered by WordPress
Continue in 3 seconds Login Free Trial/Subscribe Policy & Regulation Technology Retail & Commercial Community Cap Markets BankThink Resources Events Search Search Policy & Regulation Technology Retail & Commercial Community Cap Markets BankThink Resources Events Name Policy & Regulation Technology Retail & Commercial Community Cap Markets BankThink Resources Events Now Reading: The Latest Wells Fargo, JPMorgan wary of auto loans, pack them in bonds Wells Fargo shakes up Washington lobbying after accounts scandal Steep drop in used-car prices hit Ally Financial in 1Q Credit card losses climb as consumers take on more debt CFPB hits auto loan servicer for $2.4M search goes here Wells Fargo, JPMorgan wary of auto loans, pack them in bonds Published April 27 2017, 10:14am EDT More in Auto lending Subprime lending Securities Wells Fargo JPMorgan Chase Print Email Share Share on Depending whose money they're using, Wells Fargo and JPMorgan Chase either love subprime car loans or fear them. Both banks have grown more reluctant to make new subprime loans using money from their own balance sheets. Wells Fargo tightened its underwriting standards and slashed the volume of all loans it made to car buyers in the first quarter by 29 percent after greater numbers of borrowers fell behind on payments. JPMorgan's consumer and community banking head Gordon Smith earlier this year said the bank had cut its new lending for subprime auto loans "dramatically." At the same time the firms are indirectly funding billions of dollars of the loans by helping companies like Santander Consumer USA Holdings Inc. borrow in the asset-backed securities market, essentially shunting money from bond investors to finance companies. Wall Street banks packaged more loans from finance companies into bonds in the first quarter than the same period last year, and Wells Fargo and JPMorgan remained two of the top underwriters of the securities. Banks can have legitimate reasons for shying away from making some kinds of loans directly, even as they help investors finance the loans. Money managers like hedge funds have more appetite for riskier assets than a lender with government-insured deposits, for example. And the securities can be built in a way that cushions bond investors against losses in the underlying loans. But giving money managers the chance to invest in debt that banks are increasingly reluctant to touch themselves can at least create the perception that they are foisting trash onto customers, said David Hendler, founder of Viola Risk Advisors. Bloomberg News "Banks always say the securities are well structured. But you can't rely on underwriters' assumptions," Hendler said. "They're there to move a deal." Spokeswomen for Wells Fargo and JPMorgan declined to comment. Wells Fargo's stock has declined 1 percent in 2017, while JPMorgan has advanced 2.5 percent. Investment banks took heat after the 2008 financial crisis for bundling debt into bonds that later soured. A U.S. Senate subcommittee report in 2011 said that "investment banks were the driving force behind the structured finance products that provided a steady stream of funding for lenders originating high risk, poor quality loans and that magnified risk throughout the U.S. financial system." The risks to Wall Street firms from subprime auto bonds are smaller. Big banks provide lines of credit to finance companies that make subprime loans, but these tend to be a small part of major firms' balance sheets. The auto loan bond market is much smaller, too: there were just $192.3 billion of securities backed by auto loans, including prime and subprime, outstanding at the end of March according to the Securities Industry and Financial Markets Association, compared with around $8.9 trillion of residential mortgage bonds at the end of last year. Banks might not get hurt much by subprime auto securities, but for investors who buy them, the risks are growing. Subprime borrowers are falling behind on their car loan payments at the highest rate since the financial crisis. General Motors Co. expects car prices to drop 7 percent this year and auto lender Ally Financial Inc. reported last month that prices fell that much during its first quarter, so the value of the loans' collateral is dropping. Even Wells Fargo's analysts who look at bonds backed by car loans cautioned in March that it may be a good time for investors to cut their exposure. At least one Wall Street bank has steered clear of underwriting bonds backed by subprime auto loans. Bank of America Corp., which bought the biggest maker of risky mortgages as the housing bubble was bursting, has consciously avoided the subprime auto bond market out of fear that its reputation could suffer in a downturn, according to a person with direct knowledge of the matter. In consumer auto lending, Bank of America focuses on prime customers. The bank paid out more than $65 billion in mortgage-related legal settlements after the crisis. Demand for subprime auto securities has been strong as investors clamor for debt that offers higher yields than Treasuries. Total issuance jumped to $7.1 billion in the first quarter from $5.9 billion in the same quarter last year, according to data compiled by Bloomberg. The risk premiums, or spreads, that money managers demand for three-year top-rated subprime auto bonds was just 0.27 percentage point in mid-March compared with benchmark swap rates, down from 0.95 percentage point a year earlier, around the tightest since the financial crisis, according to data from Wells Fargo. As issuance volume rises in the bonds, Wells Fargo is growing along with the market, and JPMorgan is growing faster. Wells Fargo's market share for underwriting subprime auto bonds was around 23.5 percent in the quarter, about the same as for all 2016, according to Bloomberg data. JPMorgan's was 16 percent, up from 14.6 percent for all last year. Even with overall strong demand, some investors have been skeptical and have sought to bet that subprime auto bonds will tank the way mortgage bonds did a decade ago. Losses in loans backing these securities have jumped in recent months, rising to 7.5 percent in February from 7 percent a year earlier. That's a surprising development because the economy is in a seven-year expansion, and job markets have been relatively strong. Losses in individual loans may not translate into problems for bond investors, because the securities have protections built in to help them withstand stress. For example, the bonds may be backed by so many extra car loans beyond the face value of the securities issued that up to a point, investors won't suffer losses from bad loans. That safety for bondholders should be contrasted with the fate of individual borrowers who can get hurt by bad loans, said John Van Alst, a staff attorney at the National Consumer Law Center in Boston. "These bonds are designed to enrich and protect Wall Street, and only Wall Street," Van Alst said. Wells Fargo decided in 2015 to limit its subprime auto lending to 10 percent of the car loans it makes, the New York Times reported. Its 29 percent decline in overall car lending in the first quarter, compared with the same period a year earlier, comes after a 15 percent decline in the fourth quarter. In January, Chief Financial Officer John Shrewsberry said, "We currently expect balances in our auto portfolio to continue to decline in the near term." JPMorgan's Gordon Smith earlier this year said the bank started cutting its subprime mortgage bond underwriting in 2013. In 2016 it looked at its some of its auto loan exposure again, and cut further. "Instinctively we just felt with the risk team that we didn't like it," Smith said. Article Your Top CECL Questions Answered How should banks approach CECL implementation and can existing processes be used as a starting point? Partner Insights Sponsor Content From: Banking April 3 Bloomberg News Comments Login or Subscribe Get AB in your inbox Newsletter/Frequency Daily Briefing Intraday News Update BankThink Technology Daily Regulation Capital Markets Community Banking Marketplace Lending Retail and Commercial Women in Banking Weekly Top 10 American Banker Magazine Bulletin Sign Up Subscribe Like what you see? Make sure you're getting it all Independent and authoritative analysis and perspective for the banking industry Subscribe American Banker About Us Contact Us The Magazine Daily Report Banker's Glossary Site Map RSS Feed Privacy Policy Content Licensing/Reprints Advertising/Marketing Services © 2017 SourceMedia. All rights reserved.
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Range Resources Corp. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Range Resources Corp. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Rice Energy Inc (RICE) PT Set at $28.00 by Royal Bank of Canada Procter & Gamble Co (PG) Price Target Lowered to $87.00 at Stifel Nicolaus Schlumberger Limited. (SLB) Earns “Conviction-Buy” Rating from Goldman Sachs Group Inc Companhia Siderurgica Nacional (SID) Cut to “Hold” at Zacks Investment Research Range Resources Corp. (RRC) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by JPMorgan Chase & Co. Banco Santander, S.A. (SAN) Rating Lowered to Neutral at Citigroup Inc Q2 2017 EPS Estimates for Canadian National Railway (CNI) Boosted by National Bank Financial Q2 2017 EPS Estimates for Crown Castle International Corp. (REIT) (CCI) Raised by Analyst Q2 2017 EPS Estimates for Astec Industries, Inc. (ASTE) Cut by Analyst Zacks: Exponent, Inc. (EXPO) Given Average Recommendation of “Hold” by Analysts Zacks: Federal Agricultural Mortgage Corp. (AGM) Given $42.00 Average Price Target by Analysts $1.03 Earnings Per Share Expected for Amazon.com, Inc. (AMZN) This Quarter Advanced Photonix (API) Earning Favorable Media Coverage, Analysis Shows Aclaris Therapeutics (ACRS) Receiving Positive Media Coverage, Analysis Shows Harvey Robinson Sells 10,000 Shares of BancFirst Co. (BANF) Stock Astrotech Corp (ASTC) Earning Favorable Media Coverage, Analysis Shows Doug Benn Sells 16,901 Shares of Cheesecake Factory Inc (CAKE) Stock Nigel Wilson Sells 5,605 Shares of Legal & General Group Plc (LGEN) Stock Boston Advisors LLC Sells 2,948 Shares of Weyerhaeuser Co (WY) WestRock Co (WRK) Issues Earnings Results, Beats Expectations By $0.08 EPS Range Resources Corp. (RRC) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by JPMorgan Chase & Co. April 27th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Latisha Jones Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Finance Tweet Range Resources Corp. (NYSE:RRC)‘s stock had its “buy” rating restated by research analysts at JPMorgan Chase & Co. in a research note issued on Tuesday. RRC has been the subject of a number of other reports. Jefferies Group LLC reiterated a “buy” rating and issued a $44.00 target price on shares of Range Resources Corp. in a research note on Wednesday, January 18th. Zacks Investment Research cut shares of Range Resources Corp. from a “strong-buy” rating to a “hold” rating in a research note on Monday, March 27th. Royal Bank of Canada reiterated a “buy” rating and issued a $50.00 target price on shares of Range Resources Corp. in a research note on Wednesday, January 4th. KLR Group reiterated a “buy” rating and issued a $60.00 target price (up from $59.00) on shares of Range Resources Corp. in a research note on Friday, February 24th. Finally, R. F. Lafferty started coverage on shares of Range Resources Corp. in a research note on Wednesday, January 25th. They issued a “buy” rating and a $58.00 target price for the company. One investment analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, five have assigned a hold rating and twenty-four have issued a buy rating to the stock. The stock has an average rating of “Buy” and a consensus price target of $45.42. Range Resources Corp. (NYSE:RRC) opened at 27.61 on Tuesday. The company’s market cap is $6.74 billion. Range Resources Corp. has a 52 week low of $26.24 and a 52 week high of $46.96. The stock has a 50 day moving average of $28.10 and a 200 day moving average of $32.53. Range Resources Corp. (NYSE:RRC) last released its earnings results on Monday, April 24th. The oil and gas exploration company reported $0.25 EPS for the quarter, topping analysts’ consensus estimates of $0.19 by $0.06. The company earned $607 million during the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $585.45 million. Range Resources Corp. had a negative net margin of 54.13% and a negative return on equity of 13.00%. Range Resources Corp.’s revenue for the quarter was up 83.2% on a year-over-year basis. During the same period last year, the business earned ($0.10) EPS. On average, analysts expect that Range Resources Corp. will post $0.73 earnings per share for the current year. The business also recently declared a quarterly dividend, which was paid on Friday, March 31st. Investors of record on Wednesday, March 15th were issued a $0.02 dividend. This represents a $0.08 annualized dividend and a yield of 0.29%. The ex-dividend date of this dividend was Monday, March 13th. Range Resources Corp.’s payout ratio is presently -1.97%. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION NOTICE: “Range Resources Corp. (RRC) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by JPMorgan Chase & Co.” was originally reported by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are viewing this piece on another site, it was copied illegally and republished in violation of United States and international trademark and copyright laws. The correct version of this piece can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/27/range-resources-corp-rrc-stock-rating-reaffirmed-by-jpmorgan-chase-co.html. In related news, Director Christopher A. Helms purchased 4,000 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Friday, March 17th. The stock was bought at an average price of $27.46 per share, with a total value of $109,840.00. Following the acquisition, the director now owns 15,931 shares in the company, valued at $437,465.26. The purchase was disclosed in a legal filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which can be accessed through this hyperlink. 2.40% of the stock is currently owned by insiders. Several large investors have recently added to or reduced their stakes in RRC. Sumitomo Mitsui Trust Holdings Inc. raised its stake in Range Resources Corp. by 4.5% in the third quarter. Sumitomo Mitsui Trust Holdings Inc. now owns 502,385 shares of the oil and gas exploration company’s stock worth $19,467,000 after buying an additional 21,410 shares during the last quarter. Chicago Equity Partners LLC acquired a new stake in Range Resources Corp. during the third quarter worth about $1,888,000. Mitsubishi UFJ Kokusai Asset Management Co. Ltd. raised its stake in Range Resources Corp. by 4.9% in the third quarter. Mitsubishi UFJ Kokusai Asset Management Co. Ltd. now owns 48,999 shares of the oil and gas exploration company’s stock worth $1,899,000 after buying an additional 2,289 shares during the last quarter. Texas Permanent School Fund raised its stake in Range Resources Corp. by 5.1% in the third quarter. Texas Permanent School Fund now owns 57,893 shares of the oil and gas exploration company’s stock worth $2,243,000 after buying an additional 2,820 shares during the last quarter. Finally, Great West Life Assurance Co. Can raised its stake in Range Resources Corp. by 16.3% in the third quarter. Great West Life Assurance Co. Can now owns 130,230 shares of the oil and gas exploration company’s stock worth $5,041,000 after buying an additional 18,248 shares during the last quarter. 87.70% of the stock is owned by institutional investors and hedge funds. Range Resources Corp. Company Profile Range Resources Corporation is an independent natural gas, natural gas liquids (NGLs) and oil company. The Company is engaged in the exploration and production of natural gas, NGLs and oil in the United States. It is engaged in the exploration, development and acquisition of natural gas and crude oil properties located primarily in the Appalachian and North Louisiana regions of the United States. Receive News & Ratings for Range Resources Corp. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Range Resources Corp. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Judge Uses Comment by President Trump in Ruling Fight for Border Wall Approaches in Attempt to Avoid Shutdown President Trump Attempting To Repeal ACA Again Vice President Pence Says North Korea Should Not Test U.S. Resolve Trump’s Back and Forth on Economics © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Varex Imaging Corp - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Varex Imaging Corp with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News TFS Financial Co. (TFSL) Short Interest Up 4.6% in March Royal Bank of Canada Reiterates “Hold” Rating for Lear Co. (LEA) Varex Imaging Corp (VREX) Downgraded by JPMorgan Chase & Co. to “Underweight” Owens Corning (OC) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Royal Bank of Canada Estee Lauder Companies Inc (EL) Earns Buy Rating from Royal Bank of Canada Nielsen N.V. (NLSN) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Cantor Fitzgerald Tesoro Co. (TSO) Receives Hold Rating from Royal Bank of Canada NuStar Energy L.P. (NS) Earns Neutral Rating from Analysts at Macquarie Kinder Morgan Inc (KMI) Earns Neutral Rating from Analysts at Macquarie Royal Bank of Canada Reiterates Neutral Rating for United Technologies Co. (UTX) Q2 2017 EPS Estimates for T-Mobile US Inc (TMUS) Decreased by SunTrust Banks Southwestern Energy Company (SWN) to Post Q2 2017 Earnings of $0.23 Per Share, Capital One Financial Corp. Forecasts NanoString Technologies Inc (NSTG) Shares Bought by State Street Corp State Street Corp Raises Stake in Vera Bradley, Inc. (VRA) Dimensional Fund Advisors LP Has $6.631 Million Position in Workday Inc (WDAY) State Street Corp Acquires 3,832 Shares of Bassett Furniture Industries Inc. (BSET) Salem Media Group Inc (SALM) Position Boosted by Dimensional Fund Advisors LP State Street Corp Boosts Position in Equal Energy Ltd. (ENT) State Street Corp Acquires 5,543 Shares of Noah Holdings Limited (NOAH) Renaissance Technologies LLC Takes Position in OneMain Holdings Inc (OMF) Varex Imaging Corp (VREX) Downgraded by JPMorgan Chase & Co. to “Underweight” April 27th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Patrick Bannon Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Finance Tweet JPMorgan Chase & Co. lowered shares of Varex Imaging Corp (NASDAQ:VREX) from a neutral rating to an underweight rating in a research note issued to investors on Friday morning. They currently have $30.00 price objective on the stock. Shares of Varex Imaging Corp (NASDAQ:VREX) opened at 33.84 on Friday. Varex Imaging Corp has a one year low of $25.00 and a one year high of $36.58. The stock’s 50 day moving average price is $32.72 and its 200-day moving average price is $31.87. The stock has a market cap of $1.27 billion and a PE ratio of 19.32. TRADEMARK VIOLATION NOTICE: This report was first posted by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are reading this report on another site, it was stolen and republished in violation of US & international trademark & copyright law. The original version of this report can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/27/varex-imaging-corp-vrex-downgraded-by-jpmorgan-chase-co-to-underweight.html. In related news, SVP Mark S. Jonaitis sold 18,089 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction dated Monday, April 17th. The stock was sold at an average price of $33.54, for a total transaction of $606,705.06. The sale was disclosed in a legal filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is accessible through this link. About Varex Imaging Corp Varex Imaging Corporation is a supplier of medical X-ray tubes and image processing solutions. The Company’s segments include Medical and Industrial. The X-ray imaging system manufacturers use the Company’s components for medical imaging, cargo screening and border security, to detect, diagnose and protect. Receive News & Ratings for Varex Imaging Corp Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Varex Imaging Corp and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Judge Uses Comment by President Trump in Ruling Fight for Border Wall Approaches in Attempt to Avoid Shutdown President Trump Attempting To Repeal ACA Again Vice President Pence Says North Korea Should Not Test U.S. Resolve Trump’s Back and Forth on Economics © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance BT Group plc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for BT Group plc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News AstraZeneca plc’s (AZN) Buy Rating Reiterated at Kepler Capital Markets Deutsche Bank AG Reiterates Sell Rating for BT Group plc (BT) Domino's Pizza Group PLC. (DOM) Stock Rating Upgraded by Peel Hunt E*TRADE Financial Corp (ETFC) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Keefe, Bruyette & Woods Nomura Reaffirms Buy Rating for KeyCorp (KEY) Q1 2017 Earnings Estimate for XL Group Ltd. Issued By FBR & Co (XL) Nielsen N.V. (NLSN) Reaches New 12-Month Low Following Weak Earnings Rolls-Royce Holding PLC (RR) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Citigroup Inc Seaport Global Securities Research Analysts Lower Earnings Estimates for Arch Coal, Inc. Class A (ARCH) Maxim Integrated Products’ (MXIM) “Hold” Rating Reiterated at Maxim Group Everspin Technologies Inc (MRAM) Stock Rating Lowered by Zacks Investment Research BAE Systems plc’s (BA) Overweight Rating Reiterated at JPMorgan Chase & Co. Mallinckrodt PLC (MNK) Given “Buy” Rating at Jefferies Group LLC Barclays PLC Reiterates “Equal weight” Rating for Moneysupermarket.Com Group PLC (MONY) JPMorgan Chase & Co. Reaffirms “Neutral” Rating for QinetiQ Group plc (QQ) Chemring Group plc (CHG) Earns “Neutral” Rating from JPMorgan Chase & Co. JPMorgan Chase & Co. Cuts Go-Ahead Group plc (GOG) Price Target to GBX 2,277 BT Group plc’s (BT.A) Neutral Rating Reaffirmed at JPMorgan Chase & Co. ContraVir Pharmaceuticals’ (CTRV) “Buy” Rating Reiterated at Noble Financial Rio Tinto plc’s (RIO) Outperform Rating Reiterated at Macquarie Deutsche Bank AG Reiterates Sell Rating for BT Group plc (BT) April 27th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Trevor Kearing Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Finance Tweet Deutsche Bank AG reiterated their sell rating on shares of BT Group plc (NYSE:BT) in a report published on Friday morning, StockTargetPrices.com reports. They currently have a GBX 275 ($3.52) target price on the utilities provider’s stock. A number of other equities research analysts also recently issued reports on the company. JPMorgan Chase & Co. reiterated a neutral rating and issued a GBX 330 ($4.22) price objective on shares of BT Group plc in a research report on Monday, March 13th. Barclays PLC reiterated an overweight rating and issued a GBX 475 ($6.07) price objective on shares of BT Group plc in a research report on Monday, March 13th. Morgan Stanley upgraded BT Group plc from an equal weight rating to an overweight rating in a research report on Wednesday, January 11th. Royal Bank of Canada reiterated an outperform rating and issued a GBX 465 ($5.94) price objective on shares of BT Group plc in a research report on Tuesday, March 7th. Finally, Zacks Investment Research downgraded BT Group plc from a hold rating to a sell rating in a research report on Monday, April 10th. One investment analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, nine have issued a hold rating and eight have given a buy rating to the stock. The company has a consensus rating of Hold and a consensus price target of $362.12. Shares of BT Group plc (NYSE:BT) opened at 20.02 on Friday. BT Group plc has a 52-week low of $19.14 and a 52-week high of $33.50. The firm has a 50 day moving average price of $20.15 and a 200-day moving average price of $21.68. The company has a market cap of $39.81 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 13.44 and a beta of 1.07. WARNING: “Deutsche Bank AG Reiterates Sell Rating for BT Group plc (BT)” was originally published by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are viewing this report on another website, it was illegally copied and republished in violation of U.S. and international copyright law. The original version of this report can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/27/deutsche-bank-ag-reiterates-sell-rating-for-bt-group-plc-bt.html. Large investors have recently added to or reduced their stakes in the stock. Miller Howard Investments Inc. NY increased its stake in BT Group plc by 4.4% in the first quarter. Miller Howard Investments Inc. NY now owns 553,619 shares of the utilities provider’s stock worth $11,122,000 after buying an additional 23,374 shares during the last quarter. FMR LLC increased its position in BT Group plc by 15.9% in the fourth quarter. FMR LLC now owns 399,758 shares of the utilities provider’s stock valued at $9,206,000 after buying an additional 54,830 shares in the last quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. increased its position in BT Group plc by 198.6% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 342,739 shares of the utilities provider’s stock valued at $8,716,000 after buying an additional 227,938 shares in the last quarter. Fiera Capital Corp bought a new position in BT Group plc during the fourth quarter valued at approximately $4,629,000. Finally, Capstone Asset Management Co. increased its position in BT Group plc by 6.8% in the first quarter. Capstone Asset Management Co. now owns 163,993 shares of the utilities provider’s stock valued at $3,295,000 after buying an additional 10,420 shares in the last quarter. Institutional investors and hedge funds own 1.10% of the company’s stock. About BT Group plc Receive News & Ratings for BT Group plc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for BT Group plc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Judge Uses Comment by President Trump in Ruling Fight for Border Wall Approaches in Attempt to Avoid Shutdown President Trump Attempting To Repeal ACA Again Vice President Pence Says North Korea Should Not Test U.S. Resolve Trump’s Back and Forth on Economics © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Financial News News Press Digest from FN A round-up of stories making the news this morning... By FN Staff April 27, 2017 8:27 a.m. GMT Chinese fund tops global money market fund ranking Yu’e Bao fund of China, which manages $165.6bn, has emerged as the world’s largest money market fund, and seventh biggest investment vehicle overall, according to Morningstar research. Yu’e bao surpassed the $150bn US government money market fund managed by JP Morgan Asset Management. (FT) Brexit poses risk of relocation to 4,000 Deutsche Bank jobs Brexit could force Deutsche Bank to shift up to 4,000 of its 9,000 employees currently working in the UK, including 2,000 front office staff, to Frankfurt and other locations in the eurozone, warned chief regulatory officer Sylvie Matherat. (Guardian) Netflix eyes €1bn from maiden euro bond sale SNetflix on Wednesday is understood to have launched the sale of a €1bn bond, marking the NASDAQ-listed entertainment company’s maiden euro bond offering expected to be priced at yields of between 3.75% and 4%. The sub investment grade debt issuance is being managed by Morgan Stanley, JP Morgan Chase, Goldman Sachs and Deutsche Bank. (FT) Stanchart reports 94% increase in pre-tax profits for first quarter Shares of Standard Chartered rose 4% after the bank announced pre-tax profits of $1bn for the quarter ending March, representing a 94% increase over a year ago. Provisions for bad loans at the UK lender fell 58% from a year ago to $198m. (Times) Fed moots LISCC restructuring to streamline large bank oversight The Federal Reserve is restructuring the Large Institution Supervision Coordinating Committee it set up in 2010 to improve its supervision of the largest and most complex banks, programme. The move will allow the Fed “to reduce overlap and enhance efficiency”, a Fed spokesman said. (WSJ) Marcato Capital-backed US footwear designer seeks buyer Shares of Deckers, which is backed by activist investor Marcato Capital Management rallied 5.4% in early trades on Wednesday, after the US footwear designer announced plans to explore “strategic alternatives”, including selling itself. The maker of UGG boots has engaged Moelis & Company as financial adviser. (NY Post) Ex-Jefferies trader receives 2-year prison term for defrauding customers Jesse Litvak, a former bond trader at US bank Jefferies, was awarded a two-year prison term and a fine of $2m after he was found guilty of misleading customers on the price of mortgage-backed securities between 2009 and 2011. A Manhattan appeals court had in 2014 overturned a jury’s verdict sentencing Latvik to two years in prison for the same crimes. (NY Post) BHP Billiton puts up US shale assets for sale BHP Billiton is looking to sell US energy assets including shale oil and gas operations. The global mining giant is also reviewing the Fayetteville field in Arkansas while seeking investors for a portion of its oilfield in Texas. (Times) Filter by Topic Asset Management Investment Banking Hedge Funds Trading Private Equity Regulation Politics Fintech Lists EDITOR'S PICKS 1. Barclays tunes up the technology to tighten compliance 2. Fintechs burning cash as salaries go through the roof 3. City turns to ‘mental health first aiders’ to spot stressed employees 4. Transaction bankers ready for their Cinderella moment 5. Election 2017: What the City wants Top Stories Vanguard founder: does innovation serve investors or salesmen? Citi’s trading ‘dinosaur’ aims to avoid market meteors Investors back Schroders CEO’s pay Influential adviser tells Barclays investors not to re-elect Staley Status of EU nationals could determine London’s post-Brexit future © 2017 FINANCIAL NEWS The News Building 1 London Bridge Street London, SE1 9GF PROFILE Free Trial Sign In Reset Password ABOUT Feedback Contact Us FAQ Copyright Licenses Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Terms & Conditions Corrections SECTIONS News View People Brexit Asset Management Investment Banking Trading Fintech Politics Events & Awards Lists
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Chemring Group plc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Chemring Group plc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Maxim Integrated Products’ (MXIM) “Hold” Rating Reiterated at Maxim Group Everspin Technologies Inc (MRAM) Stock Rating Lowered by Zacks Investment Research BAE Systems plc’s (BA) Overweight Rating Reiterated at JPMorgan Chase & Co. Mallinckrodt PLC (MNK) Given “Buy” Rating at Jefferies Group LLC Barclays PLC Reiterates “Equal weight” Rating for Moneysupermarket.Com Group PLC (MONY) JPMorgan Chase & Co. Reaffirms “Neutral” Rating for QinetiQ Group plc (QQ) Chemring Group plc (CHG) Earns “Neutral” Rating from JPMorgan Chase & Co. JPMorgan Chase & Co. Cuts Go-Ahead Group plc (GOG) Price Target to GBX 2,277 BT Group plc’s (BT.A) Neutral Rating Reaffirmed at JPMorgan Chase & Co. ContraVir Pharmaceuticals’ (CTRV) “Buy” Rating Reiterated at Noble Financial Rio Tinto plc’s (RIO) Outperform Rating Reiterated at Macquarie J Sainsbury plc (SBRY) Rating Reiterated by Deutsche Bank AG Shire PLC (SHP) Given Overweight Rating at JPMorgan Chase & Co. DS Smith plc’s (SMDS) “Neutral” Rating Reiterated at Goldman Sachs Group Inc Talktalk Telecom Group PLC (TALK) Upgraded to Buy at HSBC Holdings plc RPC, Inc. (RES) Shares Gap Up Following Earnings Beat Medidata Solutions Inc (MDSO) Trading Up 6% Following Strong Earnings Zacks Investment Research Lowers Apollo Global Management LLC (APO) to Hold Novae Group Plc (NVA) Rating Reiterated by Stockdale Securities Tecogen Inc (TGEN) Upgraded by TheStreet to “C-“ Chemring Group plc (CHG) Earns “Neutral” Rating from JPMorgan Chase & Co. April 27th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Trevor Kearing Filed Under: Analyst Articles - UK - Finance Tweet JPMorgan Chase & Co. reissued their neutral rating on shares of Chemring Group plc (LON:CHG) in a report issued on Friday. They currently have a GBX 185 ($2.37) price objective on the stock. Other research analysts also recently issued reports about the company. Panmure Gordon restated a buy rating and issued a GBX 190 ($2.43) price target on shares of Chemring Group plc in a research note on Thursday, January 19th. Liberum Capital restated a buy rating and issued a GBX 192 ($2.45) price target (up from GBX 175 ($2.24)) on shares of Chemring Group plc in a research note on Thursday, January 19th. Canaccord Genuity upgraded Chemring Group plc to a buy rating and raised their price target for the company from GBX 160 ($2.05) to GBX 210 ($2.68) in a research note on Monday, January 30th. Finally, Barclays PLC restated an underweight rating and issued a GBX 115 ($1.47) price target on shares of Chemring Group plc in a research note on Friday, January 20th. One investment analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, one has given a hold rating and three have issued a buy rating to the stock. Chemring Group plc presently has a consensus rating of Hold and a consensus price target of GBX 182 ($2.33). Shares of Chemring Group plc (LON:CHG) opened at 196.00 on Friday. Chemring Group plc has a 52 week low of GBX 90.25 and a 52 week high of GBX 208.00. The company has a 50 day moving average price of GBX 195.67 and a 200 day moving average price of GBX 176.30. TRADEMARK VIOLATION WARNING: “Chemring Group plc (CHG) Earns “Neutral” Rating from JPMorgan Chase & Co.” was published by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are reading this piece of content on another domain, it was illegally copied and republished in violation of international copyright & trademark law. The legal version of this piece of content can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/27/chemring-group-plc-chg-earns-neutral-rating-from-jpmorgan-chase-co.html. In other Chemring Group plc news, insider Sarah Ellard sold 6,428 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Friday, January 27th. The stock was sold at an average price of GBX 195 ($2.49), for a total value of £12,534.60 ($16,024.80). About Chemring Group plc Receive News & Ratings for Chemring Group plc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Chemring Group plc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Judge Uses Comment by President Trump in Ruling Fight for Border Wall Approaches in Attempt to Avoid Shutdown President Trump Attempting To Repeal ACA Again Vice President Pence Says North Korea Should Not Test U.S. Resolve Trump’s Back and Forth on Economics © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance QinetiQ Group plc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for QinetiQ Group plc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Maxim Integrated Products’ (MXIM) “Hold” Rating Reiterated at Maxim Group Everspin Technologies Inc (MRAM) Stock Rating Lowered by Zacks Investment Research BAE Systems plc’s (BA) Overweight Rating Reiterated at JPMorgan Chase & Co. Mallinckrodt PLC (MNK) Given “Buy” Rating at Jefferies Group LLC Barclays PLC Reiterates “Equal weight” Rating for Moneysupermarket.Com Group PLC (MONY) JPMorgan Chase & Co. Reaffirms “Neutral” Rating for QinetiQ Group plc (QQ) Chemring Group plc (CHG) Earns “Neutral” Rating from JPMorgan Chase & Co. JPMorgan Chase & Co. Cuts Go-Ahead Group plc (GOG) Price Target to GBX 2,277 BT Group plc’s (BT.A) Neutral Rating Reaffirmed at JPMorgan Chase & Co. ContraVir Pharmaceuticals’ (CTRV) “Buy” Rating Reiterated at Noble Financial Rio Tinto plc’s (RIO) Outperform Rating Reiterated at Macquarie J Sainsbury plc (SBRY) Rating Reiterated by Deutsche Bank AG Shire PLC (SHP) Given Overweight Rating at JPMorgan Chase & Co. DS Smith plc’s (SMDS) “Neutral” Rating Reiterated at Goldman Sachs Group Inc Talktalk Telecom Group PLC (TALK) Upgraded to Buy at HSBC Holdings plc RPC, Inc. (RES) Shares Gap Up Following Earnings Beat Medidata Solutions Inc (MDSO) Trading Up 6% Following Strong Earnings Zacks Investment Research Lowers Apollo Global Management LLC (APO) to Hold Novae Group Plc (NVA) Rating Reiterated by Stockdale Securities Tecogen Inc (TGEN) Upgraded by TheStreet to “C-“ JPMorgan Chase & Co. Reaffirms “Neutral” Rating for QinetiQ Group plc (QQ) April 27th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Trevor Kearing Filed Under: Analyst Articles - UK - Finance Tweet JPMorgan Chase & Co. reissued their neutral rating on shares of QinetiQ Group plc (LON:QQ) in a research report sent to investors on Friday. The brokerage currently has a GBX 295 ($3.77) price target on the stock. A number of other brokerages have also weighed in on QQ. Liberum Capital reiterated a hold rating and set a GBX 270 ($3.45) target price on shares of QinetiQ Group plc in a research note on Thursday, March 16th. Berenberg Bank reiterated a hold rating and set a GBX 275 ($3.52) target price on shares of QinetiQ Group plc in a research note on Thursday, February 9th. One investment analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, four have given a hold rating and one has assigned a buy rating to the company’s stock. The company has a consensus rating of Hold and an average target price of GBX 264.83 ($3.39). QinetiQ Group plc (LON:QQ) opened at 291.50 on Friday. QinetiQ Group plc has a 12-month low of GBX 204.10 and a 12-month high of GBX 292.80. The company’s market capitalization is GBX 1.69 billion. The stock has a 50 day moving average price of GBX 281.97 and a 200 day moving average price of GBX 261.21. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY WARNING: “JPMorgan Chase & Co. Reaffirms “Neutral” Rating for QinetiQ Group plc (QQ)” was published by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are viewing this piece on another website, it was copied illegally and republished in violation of United States and international trademark & copyright law. The original version of this piece can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/27/jpmorgan-chase-co-reaffirms-neutral-rating-for-qinetiq-group-plc-qq.html. About QinetiQ Group plc QinetiQ Group plc is a science and engineering company operating in the defense, security and aerospace markets. The Company’s segments include EMEA Services and Global Products. The EMEA Services segment provides technical assurance, test and evaluation, and training services. It provides research and advice in specialist areas, such as concept of command, control, communications, computers, intelligence, surveillance and reconnaissance, weapons and energetics, cyber security and procurement advisory services. Receive News & Ratings for QinetiQ Group plc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for QinetiQ Group plc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Judge Uses Comment by President Trump in Ruling Fight for Border Wall Approaches in Attempt to Avoid Shutdown President Trump Attempting To Repeal ACA Again Vice President Pence Says North Korea Should Not Test U.S. Resolve Trump’s Back and Forth on Economics © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Shire PLC - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Shire PLC with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News J Sainsbury plc (SBRY) Rating Reiterated by Deutsche Bank AG Shire PLC (SHP) Given Overweight Rating at JPMorgan Chase & Co. DS Smith plc’s (SMDS) “Neutral” Rating Reiterated at Goldman Sachs Group Inc Talktalk Telecom Group PLC (TALK) Upgraded to Buy at HSBC Holdings plc RPC, Inc. (RES) Shares Gap Up Following Earnings Beat Medidata Solutions Inc (MDSO) Trading Up 6% Following Strong Earnings Zacks Investment Research Lowers Apollo Global Management LLC (APO) to Hold Novae Group Plc (NVA) Rating Reiterated by Stockdale Securities Tecogen Inc (TGEN) Upgraded by TheStreet to “C-“ Escalade, Inc. (ESCA) Stock Rating Lowered by TheStreet CalAtlantic Group Inc (CAA) Upgraded to Hold by Zacks Investment Research Vernalis plc (VER) Given Add Rating at Numis Securities Ltd Unilever plc (ULVR) Receives Buy Rating from Beaufort Securities Zpg Plc’s (ZPLA) “Overweight” Rating Reiterated at Barclays PLC Virgin Money Holdings PLC (VM) Lifted to “Buy” at Citigroup Inc Unilever plc (ULVR) Price Target Raised to GBX 3,950 Jefferies Group Brokers Decrease Earnings Estimates for Golar LNG Limited (GLNG) Q1 2017 Earnings Forecast for Halliburton Company (HAL) Issued By Capital One Financial Corp. William Blair Weighs in on HFF, Inc.’s Q1 2017 Earnings (HF) Jefferies Group Weighs in on StealthGas Inc.’s Q1 2017 Earnings (GASS) Shire PLC (SHP) Given Overweight Rating at JPMorgan Chase & Co. April 27th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Tyrone Williams Filed Under: Analyst Articles - UK - Finance Tweet JPMorgan Chase & Co. reissued their overweight rating on shares of Shire PLC (LON:SHP) in a report published on Friday. A number of other equities research analysts have also issued reports on the company. Credit Suisse Group AG reaffirmed an outperform rating and issued a GBX 5,400 ($69.04) price target on shares of Shire PLC in a research report on Wednesday, April 19th. Goldman Sachs Group Inc reaffirmed a buy rating and issued a GBX 6,800 ($86.93) price target on shares of Shire PLC in a research report on Wednesday, April 12th. Berenberg Bank reaffirmed a buy rating on shares of Shire PLC in a research report on Wednesday, April 12th. Citigroup Inc reaffirmed a buy rating on shares of Shire PLC in a research report on Wednesday, April 12th. Finally, Barclays PLC reaffirmed an overweight rating and issued a GBX 6,500 ($83.10) price target on shares of Shire PLC in a research report on Wednesday, April 12th. One research analyst has rated the stock with a hold rating and seventeen have assigned a buy rating to the stock. The stock has a consensus rating of Buy and a consensus target price of GBX 6,115.60 ($78.18). Shire PLC (LON:SHP) opened at 4570.75 on Friday. The stock’s market capitalization is GBX 41.26 billion. The company’s 50-day moving average price is GBX 4,680.93 and its 200 day moving average price is GBX 4,694.06. Shire PLC has a 12 month low of GBX 2,707.19 and a 12 month high of GBX 5,377.00. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION WARNING: “Shire PLC (SHP) Given Overweight Rating at JPMorgan Chase & Co.” was posted by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are accessing this article on another site, it was stolen and reposted in violation of US and international copyright and trademark legislation. The legal version of this article can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/27/shire-plc-shp-given-overweight-rating-at-jpmorgan-chase-co.html. The company also recently declared a dividend, which was paid on Tuesday, April 25th. Shareholders of record on Thursday, March 9th were given a dividend of GBX 20.64 ($0.26) per share. This is a positive change from Shire PLC’s previous dividend of $3.51. The ex-dividend date was Thursday, March 9th. This represents a yield of 0.43%. In other news, insider William Burns purchased 136 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction on Friday, March 31st. The shares were bought at an average price of GBX 4,742 ($60.62) per share, with a total value of £6,449.12 ($8,244.85). About Shire PLC Shire plc is a biotech company focused on serving people with rare diseases and other specialized conditions. The Company’s segment is engaged in research, development, licensing, manufacturing, marketing, distribution and sale of specialist medicines. It focuses its development resources on projects in various therapeutic areas (TAs), including Neuroscience, Ophthalmology, Hematology, Oncology, Immunology, Gastrointestinal (GI)/Metabolic/Endocrinology Diseases. Receive News & Ratings for Shire PLC Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Shire PLC and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Judge Uses Comment by President Trump in Ruling Fight for Border Wall Approaches in Attempt to Avoid Shutdown President Trump Attempting To Repeal ACA Again Vice President Pence Says North Korea Should Not Test U.S. Resolve Trump’s Back and Forth on Economics © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Contact Us Member LoginRegister New Account My 24-7 Press Release Account Media Desk for Journalists, Bloggers & Readers Products & Services Press Release Distribution Pricing & Distribution Plans Why Choose 24-7 Press Release? Where Does Your News Go? Take a Tour Editorial/Submission Guidelines Press Release Writing Writing Services Agency PReferred Program What is Agency PReferred Become an Agency PReferred Client News Releases Select News Type Today's News News by Industry News with Video Search News News by Date News Releases 2017 News Releases 2016 News Releases 2015 News Releases 2014 News by RSS RSS Feed Top News Industry Arts & Entertainment Business Computer Consumer Education Environment Fashion Home & Family Home & Garden Industry Internet Law & Legal Lifestyle Medical Sports Technology Media Desk Journalists, bloggers, and readers can now access our exclusive Media Desk for enhanced, personalized news searching and tracking. Partners Become a Syndication Partner Real-Time News Content Hosted Content Delivery Solutions News Widget RSS Host Content on Your Server FTP/XML Data Feed Apply Now Knowledge Base FAQ We have all answers to your questions about our products and services. VIDEOS Watch our videos to learn about what we have to offer. ARTICLES Our articles will guide you in writing attractive and successful press releases. DOCUMENTS View our help documents for tips and resources. Company About Us About 24-7 Press Release Executive Team Clients Newsletter Newsletter Sign-Up Affiliate Program Become an Affiliate What's New Newsroom Blog Testimonials What Our Customers Say Submit a Testimonial Toll Free Telephone 1-888-880-9539 Hours of Business M-F 8:30am - 5:00pm PST Follow Us Through Social Media All Press Releases for April 27, 2017 » Email This Story Printer Friendly PDF Version RSS Feed Donald H. Layton Honored by Marquis Who's Who for More Than 40 Years of Professional Excellence Mr. Layton has led Freddie Mac since 2012 as a public service     NEW YORK, NY, April 27, 2017 /24-7PressRelease/ -- Donald H. Layton has been included in Marquis Who's Who. As in all Marquis Who's Who biographical volumes, individuals profiled are selected on the basis of current reference value. Factors such as position, noteworthy accomplishments, visibility, and prominence in a field are all taken into account during the selection process. Renowned for his knowledge, skill and dedication, Mr. Layton currently serves as the chief executive officer of Freddie Mac, which has been in Federal Government conservatorship since 2008, as a public service after a long and distinguished career in financial services. The company, which is one of the largest sources of mortgage financing in the United States, was founded by Congress in 1970 to provide liquidity, stability and affordability to the nation's residential mortgage market. Earlier in his career, he was one of the senior executives who assembled the modern J.P. Morgan Chase, having begun as a trainee at Manufacturers Hanover Trust Company in 1975 and rising to its head of trading & treasury activities in 1988, and continuing into larger positions through the mergers with Chemical Bank in 1991 and then Chase Manhattan in 1996, and then the acquisition of J.P. Morgan in 2000. He retired from J.P. Morgan Chase as vice chairman and a member of the three-person Office of the Chairman in 2004, having been first co-head of its investment bank and then head of its retail bank. He subsequently served as Chairman and then CEO of E*TRADE Financial from late 2007 through the end of 2009, shepherding it successfully through the financial crisis. He was appointed to the Board of Directors of AIG by the U.S. Treasury, serving from 2010 through 2012, and also was a member of the Board of Assured Guaranty Limited, the leading bond insurer, from 2006 through 2012. Mr. Layton received simultaneous Bachelor of Science and Master of Science degrees in economics from MIT, as well as an MBA from Harvard University, graduating as a Baker Scholar. His professional affiliations include the Securities Industry and Financial Markets Association, where he served as senior advisor from 2006 until 2008. Additionally, he gives back through his community by working as chairman emeritus of Partnership for the Homeless, a nonprofit dedicated to reducing homelessness in New York City, having served as its Chairman for nearly a decade. Throughout his career, Mr. Layton has been recognized many times for his professional accomplishments. He was featured in seven volumes of Who's Who in Finance and Business, the 26th edition of Who's Who in American Politics, and the inaugural volume of Who's Who in Corporate America. For more information about Freddie Mac, please visit http://www.FreddieMac.com. About Marquis Who's Who : Since 1899, when A. N. Marquis printed the First Edition of Who's Who in America , Marquis Who's Who has chronicled the lives of the most accomplished individuals and innovators from every significant field of endeavor, including politics, business, medicine, law, education, art, religion and entertainment. Today, Who's Who in America remains an essential biographical source for thousands of researchers, journalists, librarians and executive search firms around the world. Marquis publications may be visited at the official Marquis Who's Who website at www.marquiswhoswho.com. # # # Read more Press Releases from Fred Marks: D. Divakaran Nair Honored by Marquis Who's Who for Excellence in Ferrous & Non-Ferrous Metals Trading Stephen Richard Brogden Named a Lifetime Achiever by Marquis Who's Who Bertram Fields Named a Lifetime Achiever by Marquis Who's Who Jill Lorie Buhler Named a Lifetime Achiever by Marquis Who's Who Leslie R. Usui Honored by Marquis Who's Who for Professional Longevity Comment on this story... Share This Story Contact Information Fred Marks Marquis Who's Who Ventures LLC Berkeley Heights, NJ USA Voice: 844-394-6946 E-Mail: Email Us Here Website: Visit Our Website Follow Us: Like This Story? I like it! 0 Tweets Disclaimer If you have any questions regarding information in this press release, please contact the person listed in the contact module of this page. Please do not attempt to contact 24-7 Press Release Newswire. We are unable to assist you with any information regarding this release. 24-7 Press Release Newswire disclaims any content contained in this press release. Please see our complete Terms of Service disclaimer for more information. Pricing & Distribution Agency PReferred Program Syndicate Our News News Widget RSS Feeds Affiliate Program About Us Contact Us Today's News News by Industry FAQs Testimonials Business Directory Privacy Policy Terms of Service Site Map Connect with 24-7 Press Release: Accelerate Business Exposure with 24-7 Press Release Service. © 2004-2017 24-7Pressrelease.com. All Rights Reserved.
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Unilever plc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Unilever plc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Vernalis plc (VER) Given Add Rating at Numis Securities Ltd Unilever plc (ULVR) Receives Buy Rating from Beaufort Securities Zpg Plc’s (ZPLA) “Overweight” Rating Reiterated at Barclays PLC Virgin Money Holdings PLC (VM) Lifted to “Buy” at Citigroup Inc Unilever plc (ULVR) Price Target Raised to GBX 3,950 Jefferies Group Brokers Decrease Earnings Estimates for Golar LNG Limited (GLNG) Q1 2017 Earnings Forecast for Halliburton Company (HAL) Issued By Capital One Financial Corp. William Blair Weighs in on HFF, Inc.’s Q1 2017 Earnings (HF) Jefferies Group Weighs in on StealthGas Inc.’s Q1 2017 Earnings (GASS) Investors Buy Shares of Netflix, Inc. (NFLX) on Weakness on Insider Selling Ferro Co. (FOE) Shares Up 9.6% Following Strong Earnings MSA Safety Incorporated (MSA) Trading Up 10.4% After Better-Than-Expected Earnings Novocure Ltd (NVCR) Short Interest Update Jefferies Group LLC Analysts Give E.On Se (EOAN) a €7.80 Price Target Macquarie Reiterates “€18.00” Price Target for RWE AG (RWE) equinet AG Analysts Give Deutsche Telekom AG (DTE) a €15.50 Price Target Deutsche Telekom AG (DTE) PT Set at €19.80 by Barclays PLC ASOS plc’s (ASC) Hold Rating Reiterated at HSBC Holdings plc HSBC Holdings plc Analysts Give Volkswagen AG (VOW3) a €163.00 Price Target St. James's Place plc (STJ) Research Coverage Started at Credit Suisse Group AG Unilever plc (ULVR) Price Target Raised to GBX 3,950 April 26th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Jeff Wilder Filed Under: Analyst Articles - UK - Finance Tweet Unilever plc (LON:ULVR) had its target price boosted by JPMorgan Chase & Co. from GBX 3,800 ($48.58) to GBX 3,950 ($50.50) in a research note issued to investors on Monday morning. The brokerage currently has a neutral rating on the stock. ULVR has been the topic of several other research reports. BNP Paribas set a GBX 4,600 ($58.81) price objective on shares of Unilever plc and gave the stock a buy rating in a research note on Tuesday, March 7th. Goldman Sachs Group Inc set a GBX 3,050 ($38.99) price objective on shares of Unilever plc and gave the stock a sell rating in a research note on Thursday, December 29th. Berenberg Bank reissued a buy rating and set a GBX 3,900 ($49.86) price objective on shares of Unilever plc in a research note on Monday, January 9th. Shore Capital reissued a buy rating on shares of Unilever plc in a research note on Thursday, January 26th. Finally, Bryan, Garnier & Co reissued a neutral rating and set a GBX 3,570 ($45.64) price objective on shares of Unilever plc in a research note on Friday, January 27th. Two equities research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, ten have given a hold rating and eleven have given a buy rating to the stock. The company presently has a consensus rating of Hold and a consensus price target of GBX 4,072.52 ($52.06). Unilever plc (LON:ULVR) opened at 4007.50 on Monday. The stock’s 50 day moving average is GBX 4,001.15 and its 200-day moving average is GBX 3,516.26. Unilever plc has a 52-week low of GBX 3,019.00 and a 52-week high of GBX 4,088.00. The company’s market capitalization is GBX 113.80 billion. TRADEMARK VIOLATION WARNING: This article was originally published by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are viewing this article on another publication, it was illegally copied and reposted in violation of United States and international copyright & trademark laws. The original version of this article can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/26/unilever-plc-ulvr-price-target-raised-to-gbx-3950.html. The business also recently disclosed a dividend, which will be paid on Wednesday, June 7th. Stockholders of record on Thursday, May 4th will be issued a dividend of GBX 30.21 ($0.39) per share. This represents a dividend yield of 0.76%. This is a boost from Unilever plc’s previous dividend of $27.68. The ex-dividend date is Thursday, May 4th. In related news, insider Strive Masiyiwa acquired 1,130 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction dated Tuesday, April 25th. The stock was purchased at an average cost of GBX 4,031 ($51.53) per share, with a total value of £45,550.30 ($58,233.57). Insiders have bought 1,140 shares of company stock valued at $4,592,086 over the last three months. About Unilever plc Unilever PLC is a fast-moving consumer goods (FMCG) company. The Company’s segments include Personal Care, which primarily includes sales of skin care and hair care products, deodorants and oral care products; Foods, which primarily includes sales of soups, bouillons, sauces, snacks, mayonnaise, salad dressings, margarines and spreads; Home Care, which primarily includes sales of home care products, such as powders, liquids and capsules, soap bars and a range of cleaning products, and Refreshment, which primarily includes sales of ice cream and tea-based beverages. Receive News & Ratings for Unilever plc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Unilever plc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Judge Uses Comment by President Trump in Ruling Fight for Border Wall Approaches in Attempt to Avoid Shutdown President Trump Attempting To Repeal ACA Again Vice President Pence Says North Korea Should Not Test U.S. Resolve Trump’s Back and Forth on Economics © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Schneider Electric SE - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Schneider Electric SE with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News JPMorgan Chase & Co. Reiterates €73.50 Price Target for Schneider Electric SE (SU) Danone SA (BN) Given a €69.00 Price Target by S&P Global Analysts Commerzbank Ag (CBK) PT Set at €7.50 by Deutsche Bank AG Societe Generale SA (GLE) Given a €48.00 Price Target by Goldman Sachs Group Inc Analysts Bayerische Motoren Werke AG (BMW) PT Set at €82.00 by Goldman Sachs Group Inc Owens-Illinois Inc (OI) Shares Gap Up Following Earnings Beat Heidrick & Struggles International, Inc. (HSII) Trading Down 17.8% After Earnings Miss First Bancorp (FBP) Stock Price Up 5.6% Following Earnings Beat E I Du Pont De Nemours And Co (DD) Shares Gap Up Following Better-Than-Expected Earnings Scotiabank Reiterates “Sector Perform” Rating for PrairieSky Royalty Ltd (PSK) PrairieSky Royalty Ltd (PSK) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Royal Bank of Canada Jean Coutu Group PJC’s (PJC.A) Reduce Rating Reiterated at TD Securities Quebecor, Inc. (QBR.B) Receives “Focus Stock” Rating from Scotiabank Q1 2017 EPS Estimates for Sutherland Asset Management Corp Reduced by Analyst (SLD) Q1 2017 Earnings Forecast for Sucampo Pharmaceuticals, Inc. Issued By Leerink Swann (SCMP) Jefferies Group Analysts Boost Earnings Estimates for Scorpio Tankers Inc. (STNG) Kinross Gold Co. (KGC) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Credit Suisse Group AG Western Digital Corp (WDC) Receives “Buy” Rating from BMO Capital Markets Franklin Street Properties Corp. (FSP) Rating Increased to Buy at Zacks Investment Research Scotiabank Reaffirms Buy Rating for Tesoro Logistics LP (TLLP) JPMorgan Chase & Co. Reiterates €73.50 Price Target for Schneider Electric SE (SU) April 26th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Latisha Jones Filed Under: Analyst Articles - Europe - Finance Tweet JPMorgan Chase & Co. set a €73.50 ($79.89) target price on Schneider Electric SE (EPA:SU) in a research report released on Monday. The brokerage currently has a buy rating on the stock. Other analysts have also recently issued reports about the company. Barclays PLC set a €65.00 ($70.65) price objective on Schneider Electric SE and gave the company a sell rating in a research report on Friday, April 21st. Goldman Sachs Group Inc set a €78.00 ($84.78) price objective on Schneider Electric SE and gave the company a buy rating in a research report on Tuesday, April 4th. Deutsche Bank AG set a €76.00 ($82.61) price objective on Schneider Electric SE and gave the company a buy rating in a research report on Tuesday, April 11th. Jefferies Group LLC set a €58.00 ($63.04) price objective on Schneider Electric SE and gave the company a sell rating in a research report on Friday, February 17th. Finally, Kepler Capital Markets set a €72.00 ($78.26) price objective on Schneider Electric SE and gave the company a buy rating in a research report on Friday, February 17th. Two equities research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, five have issued a hold rating and nine have issued a buy rating to the company’s stock. The company currently has an average rating of Hold and a consensus price target of €70.72 ($76.87). Schneider Electric SE (EPA:SU) opened at 73.45 on Monday. The firm has a 50-day moving average of €68.03 and a 200-day moving average of €65.50. The firm has a market cap of €40.76 billion and a P/E ratio of 23.77. Schneider Electric SE has a 12-month low of €49.50 and a 12-month high of €74.45. TRADEMARK VIOLATION WARNING: “JPMorgan Chase & Co. Reiterates €73.50 Price Target for Schneider Electric SE (SU)” was published by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are reading this piece on another website, it was illegally stolen and republished in violation of United States & international copyright & trademark legislation. The legal version of this piece can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/26/jpmorgan-chase-73-50-price-target-for-schneider-electric-se-su.html. Schneider Electric SE Company Profile Schneider Electric SE is a France-based company that specializes in electricity distribution, automation management and produces installation components for energy management. The Company has five divisions organized by business: Energy and Infrastructure, which includes medium and low voltage, installation systems and control, renewable energies and includes customer segments in Utilities, Marine, residential and oil & gas sector; Industry, which includes automation & control which includes water treatment and mining, minerals & metals industries; Buildings, which includes building automation and security, whose customers are hotels, hospitals, office and retail buildings; Data canters and networks, and Residential which is engaged in solutions for saving electricity bills by combining lighting and heating control features. Receive News & Ratings for Schneider Electric SE Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Schneider Electric SE and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Judge Uses Comment by President Trump in Ruling Fight for Border Wall Approaches in Attempt to Avoid Shutdown President Trump Attempting To Repeal ACA Again Vice President Pence Says North Korea Should Not Test U.S. Resolve Trump’s Back and Forth on Economics © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Garmin Ltd. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Garmin Ltd. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Meyer Handelman Co. Has $701,000 Stake in Avery Dennison Corp (AVY) ABB Ltd (ABB) Shares Bought by Hamlin Capital Management LLC Argyle Capital Management Inc. Holds Stake in M&T Bank Co. (MTB) CSRA Inc (CSRA) Position Held by Argyle Capital Management Inc. Meyer Handelman Co. Raises Position in Mallinckrodt PLC (MNK) Meyer Handelman Co. Has $595,000 Position in Kemper Corp (KMPR) Core Laboratories (CLB) Position Boosted by Dillon & Associates Inc. Garmin Ltd. (GRMN) Shares Bought by Hamlin Capital Management LLC Ryman Hospitality Properties, Inc. (REIT) (RHP) Shares Sold by Hamlin Capital Management LLC Hamlin Capital Management LLC Buys 564,646 Shares of M.D.C. Holdings, Inc. (MDC) Brokerages Anticipate Omega Healthcare Investors Inc (OHI) Will Post Earnings of $0.84 Per Share GP Strategies Corp (GPX) Expected to Post Earnings of $0.24 Per Share $0.10 EPS Expected for Investment Technology Group (ITG) This Quarter LyondellBasell Industries NV (LYB) Given Daily News Sentiment Score of 0.12 Bridgepoint Education (BPI) Receives News Impact Rating of 0.14 Parker-Hannifin Corp (PH) Earns Media Sentiment Score of 0.10 Somewhat Positive Media Coverage Somewhat Likely to Impact Bluerock Residential Growth REIT (BRG) Share Price Compania de Minas Buenaventura SAA (BVN) Receives Daily Media Sentiment Score of 0.10 Commerce Bancshares (CBSH) Getting Somewhat Favorable Media Coverage, AlphaOne Reports Palo Capital Inc. Has $828,000 Position in Leggett & Platt, Inc. (LEG) Garmin Ltd. (GRMN) Shares Bought by Hamlin Capital Management LLC April 26th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Tyrone Williams Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Hamlin Capital Management LLC increased its position in Garmin Ltd. (NASDAQ:GRMN) by 31.2% during the first quarter, according to its most recent filing with the SEC. The fund owned 588,780 shares of the scientific and technical instruments company’s stock after buying an additional 139,973 shares during the period. Hamlin Capital Management LLC owned approximately 0.31% of Garmin worth $30,093,000 at the end of the most recent reporting period. Other hedge funds and other institutional investors also recently bought and sold shares of the company. Franklin Resources Inc. bought a new position in Garmin during the fourth quarter worth approximately $1,045,000. Jane Street Group LLC boosted its position in Garmin by 317.8% in the third quarter. Jane Street Group LLC now owns 39,461 shares of the scientific and technical instruments company’s stock worth $1,898,000 after buying an additional 57,583 shares during the last quarter. BOKF NA bought a new position in Garmin during the third quarter worth approximately $4,907,000. Prudential Financial Inc. boosted its position in Garmin by 0.4% in the third quarter. Prudential Financial Inc. now owns 154,156 shares of the scientific and technical instruments company’s stock worth $7,417,000 after buying an additional 556 shares during the last quarter. Finally, JPMorgan Chase & Co. boosted its position in Garmin by 400.1% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 221,831 shares of the scientific and technical instruments company’s stock worth $10,673,000 after buying an additional 177,471 shares during the last quarter. Hedge funds and other institutional investors own 37.39% of the company’s stock. Shares of Garmin Ltd. (NASDAQ:GRMN) traded down 0.34% on Wednesday, reaching $50.57. 1,894,160 shares of the company’s stock traded hands. The firm’s 50 day moving average is $50.79 and its 200 day moving average is $50.10. The firm has a market capitalization of $9.54 billion, a P/E ratio of 18.73 and a beta of 0.86. Garmin Ltd. has a 52 week low of $39.24 and a 52 week high of $56.19. Garmin (NASDAQ:GRMN) last announced its quarterly earnings data on Wednesday, February 22nd. The scientific and technical instruments company reported $0.73 EPS for the quarter, topping the Zacks’ consensus estimate of $0.58 by $0.15. Garmin had a return on equity of 16.15% and a net margin of 17.24%. The business earned $861 million during the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $794.86 million. During the same period in the previous year, the company posted $0.74 earnings per share. The business’s revenue for the quarter was up 10.2% on a year-over-year basis. Analysts expect that Garmin Ltd. will post $2.65 earnings per share for the current fiscal year. TRADEMARK VIOLATION NOTICE: “Garmin Ltd. (GRMN) Shares Bought by Hamlin Capital Management LLC” was originally published by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are accessing this news story on another publication, it was illegally stolen and republished in violation of international trademark & copyright law. The correct version of this news story can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/26/garmin-ltd-grmn-shares-bought-by-hamlin-capital-management-llc.html. Several research analysts have issued reports on the stock. Zacks Investment Research cut shares of Garmin from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating in a report on Tuesday, December 27th. KeyCorp reiterated an “equal weight” rating on shares of Garmin in a report on Thursday, December 29th. Oppenheimer Holdings Inc. reiterated a “market perform” rating on shares of Garmin in a report on Thursday, February 23rd. Finally, Goldman Sachs Group Inc upgraded shares of Garmin from a “sell” rating to a “neutral” rating and increased their target price for the stock from $48.00 to $52.00 in a report on Monday, March 6th. They noted that the move was a valuation call. Two analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, eight have given a hold rating and one has assigned a buy rating to the stock. The company has an average rating of “Hold” and an average price target of $48.24. In other news, VP Andrew R. Etkind sold 6,524 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction dated Wednesday, February 22nd. The stock was sold at an average price of $54.57, for a total transaction of $356,014.68. The sale was disclosed in a filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which can be accessed through this link. Insiders own 18.30% of the company’s stock. Garmin Company Profile Garmin Ltd. (Garmin) and subsidiaries offer global positioning system (GPS) navigation and wireless devices and applications. The Company operates through five segments. It offers a range of auto navigation products, as well as a range of products and applications designed for the mobile GPS market. It offers products to consumers around the world, including Outdoor Handhelds, Wearable Devices, Golf Devices, and Dog Tracking and Training/Pet Obedience Devices. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding GRMN? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Garmin Ltd. (NASDAQ:GRMN). Receive News & Ratings for Garmin Ltd. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Garmin Ltd. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Judge Uses Comment by President Trump in Ruling Fight for Border Wall Approaches in Attempt to Avoid Shutdown President Trump Attempting To Repeal ACA Again Vice President Pence Says North Korea Should Not Test U.S. Resolve Trump’s Back and Forth on Economics © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Bloomberg the Company & Its ProductsBloomberg Anywhere Remote LoginBloomberg Anywhere LoginBloomberg Terminal Demo Request Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Philanthropy & Engagement Bloomberg London Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Execution & Order Management Data & Content Financial Data Management Integration & Distribution Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps Bloomberg Briefs News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Philanthropy & Engagement Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Bloomberg London Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps Bloomberg Briefs News Bureaus Media Services Advertising Bloomberg Media Distribution Bloomberg Live Conferences Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Execution & Order Management Data & Content Financial Data Management Integration & Distribution Bloomberg Tradebook Enterprise Products Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center MENU Homepage Markets Stocks Currencies Commodities Rates + Bonds Economics Magazine Benchmark Watchlist Economic Calendar Tech U.S. Global Startups Cybersecurity Digital Media Bloomberg Technology TV Hello World Studio 1.0 Pursuits Cars & Bikes Style & Grooming Spend Watches & Gadgets Food & Drinks Travel Real Estate Art & Design Brilliant Ideas Politics Global Risk Briefing How We’ll Know if Trump Is Making America Great Again Tracking Trump’s Web of Conflicts The Inauguration of Donald J. Trump On the March in Trump’s Capital Opinion View Gadfly Businessweek Subscribe Cover Stories Opening Remarks Etc Features 85th Anniversary Issue Behind The Cover More Climate Changed Video Series: Ventures Graphics Billionaires Game Plan Small Business Personal Finance Inspire GO The David Rubenstein Show Sponsored Content Bloomberg About The Company Sign In Sign In Subscribe Euro Is Suddenly Everyone’s Favorite After First Round of French Election by Stefania Spezzati @stespezzati More stories by Stefania Spezzati and Anooja Debnath @anoojad More stories by Anooja Debnath April 26, 2017, 7:01 PM EDT April 27, 2017, 5:25 AM EDT JPMorgan Asset favors European stocks as political risk fades Goldman predicts euro gains as Pimco turns ‘more constructive’ NAB's Attrill Sees Euro Trending Higher Next Year What a difference a week can make. Perceived as the riskiest currency on the planet until Sunday’s French election, the euro is suddenly everyone’s favorite. Goldman Sachs Group Inc. expects the euro to gain almost 4 percent after the first round of the vote delivered all that investors hoped for. Pacific Investment Management Co. has a “more constructive” view on the currency and Nomura Holdings Inc. has recommended buying it. BlackRock Inc. and JPMorgan Asset Management favor European shares amid reduced political risk, while BlueBay Asset Management has already added to holdings. Investors are more bullish on European assets as risks of a victory for anti-euro presidential candidate Marine Le Pen recede, reducing the odds of a political upset similar to Brexit and Donald Trump’s victory. French polls, which got the first-round results right, now see centrist Emmanuel Macron becoming president. The rising optimism contrasts with option prices before the April 23 vote, which were the most bearish for the euro than any other currency. Get the latest on global politics in your inbox, every day. Get our newsletter daily. Sign Up “We see short-term political risk in Europe receding,” Thomas Kressin, Munich-based portfolio manager at Pimco, which manages $1.5 trillion of assets, said in an interview. “We consider the euro to be cheap. Investors will be back to look at the euro from a valuation basis. We see the fundamental fair value of the currency closer to $1.25 in the long term.” Pimco declined to comment on its positions. The euro rallied 1.6 percent after the French presidential election as of 10:00 a.m. in London on Thursday, touching a five-month high of $1.0951 on Wednesday. The Stoxx Europe 600 Index of shares has gained 2.4 percent in the same period. The yield spread between French 10-year securities and German bunds narrowed to 47 basis points from as high as 84 basis points in February. “The French election is already a first step toward a more stable political environment in Europe,” said Vincent Juvyns, global market strategist at JPMorgan Asset, which oversees $1.8 trillion globally. “I am, from a fundamental and economic perspective, enthusiastic about Europe.” The fund is neutral at the moment on Europe but would look to increase exposure in coming weeks, he added. ‘Done Deal’ The cost of two-week options to buy the common currency against the dollar has surged, relative to contracts for selling, to minus 133 basis points from minus 386 basis points before the April 23 vote. The so-called risk-reversal rate was the most bearish for the euro among global currencies on April 21. Goldman Sachs and UBS Group AG both expect the shared currency to extend its advance toward $1.13. “The market has acknowledged that the polls were accurate in France,” Isabelle Vic-Philippe, Paris-based fund manager at Amundi Asset Management, said in emailed comments. “So the second round seems to be a done deal and Macron has a high probability of becoming the next French president.” Risks Linger Still, some caution is warranted. “The probability of a Le Pen presidency has decreased but is not yet null,” said Marc de-Muizon, a London-based economist at Deutsche Bank AG. “The risks of a possible new scandal, a strong debate performance by the National Front leader or complacency from the electorate should still be monitored.” And just as France concerns ease, another political risk looms on the horizon. Italian elections, likely in early 2018, will be “the next pressure point,” Goldman strategist Silvia Ardagna wrote in a client note. Amundi Asset bought “some” bonds after France’s election, according to Vic-Philippe, while Credit Agricole SA said in a note to clients that Asian accounts and central banks are buying French assets again, according to London-based strategist Afsaneh Mastouri. “It makes sense to have a positive view on risk assets in the euro zone,” said Mark Dowding, a London-based fund manager at BlueBay Asset, which manages $55.5 billion and has overweight positions on the region’s corporate, financial and sovereign debt. “We feel some more conservative investors will wait until after the second round of the vote, but that markets will rally in anticipation of a Macron win.” Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal. LEARN MORE Most Read Jeff Bezos Is Just $5 Billion Away From Being the World's Richest Person With Secret Airship, Sergey Brin Also Wants to Fly Why Getting Fired Is Worse Than Divorce Under Armour Loses Whatever Swagger It Had Left Amazon Extends Growth Streak, Unfazed by Lavish Spending Terms of Service Trademarks Privacy Policy ©2017 Bloomberg L.P. All Rights Reserved Careers Made in NYC Advertise Ad Choices Website Feedback Help
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Renault SA - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Renault SA with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Renault SA (RNO) PT Set at €100.00 by Goldman Sachs Group Inc Daimler AG (DAI) PT Set at €69.00 by Barclays PLC Vivendi SA (VIV) PT Set at €23.30 by Goldman Sachs Group Inc Farmland Partners Inc to Post Q1 2017 Earnings of $0.08 Per Share, FBR & Co Forecasts (FPI) LVMH Moet Hennessy Louis Vuitton SE (MC) PT Set at €235.00 by Credit Suisse Group AG Investors Sell Shares of Caterpillar Inc. (CAT) on Strength Following Analyst Downgrade Cogint, Inc. (COGT) Short Interest Update Traders Sell Shares of C R Bard Inc (BCR) on Strength on Insider Selling NewLink Genetics Corp (NLNK) Short Interest Down 3.5% in March M/I Homes Inc (MHO) Sees Strong Trading Volume After Strong Earnings Sonus Networks, Inc. (SONS) Sees Unusually-High Trading Volume Following Better-Than-Expected Earnings United States Steel Co. (X) Debt Trading 1.4% Lower Earnings BT Group plc (BT.A) PT Lowered to GBX 425 Oxford Instruments plc (OXIG) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by N+1 Singer Proactis Holdings Plc (PHD) Rating Reiterated by N+1 Singer Tullow Oil plc (TLW) Rating Reiterated by GMP Securities Zacks Investment Research Downgrades Pzena Investment Management, Inc. (PZN) to Sell QTS Realty Trust Inc (QTS) Stock Rating Lowered by Zacks Investment Research Quintiles IMS Holdings Inc (Q) Rating Lowered to Sell at Zacks Investment Research Reckitt Benckiser Group Plc (RB) Price Target Cut to GBX 7,100 Renault SA (RNO) PT Set at €100.00 by Goldman Sachs Group Inc April 27th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Latisha Jones Filed Under: Analyst Articles - Europe - Finance Tweet Renault SA (EPA:RNO) has been given a €100.00 ($108.70) target price by equities research analysts at Goldman Sachs Group Inc in a research report issued to clients and investors on Wednesday. The firm currently has a “neutral” rating on the stock. A number of other equities research analysts also recently issued reports on the stock. JPMorgan Chase & Co. reiterated a “neutral” rating on shares of Renault SA in a research report on Monday, March 27th. BNP Paribas set a €89.00 ($96.74) target price on shares of Renault SA and gave the stock a “buy” rating in a research report on Wednesday, March 29th. Sanford C. Bernstein set a €75.00 ($81.52) target price on shares of Renault SA and gave the stock a “sell” rating in a research report on Tuesday, March 14th. Deutsche Bank AG set a €115.00 ($125.00) target price on shares of Renault SA and gave the stock a “buy” rating in a research report on Monday, April 10th. Finally, Jefferies Group LLC set a €70.00 ($76.09) target price on shares of Renault SA and gave the stock a “sell” rating in a research report on Thursday, January 19th. Three research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, seven have given a hold rating and seven have given a buy rating to the stock. The stock currently has an average rating of “Hold” and an average price target of €89.41 ($97.19). Renault SA (EPA:RNO) opened at 82.56 on Wednesday. Renault SA has a 12 month low of €63.64 and a 12 month high of €90.76. The company’s 50 day moving average price is €80.93 and its 200 day moving average price is €81.34. The firm has a market capitalization of €24.03 billion and a P/E ratio of 6.63. WARNING: This piece was originally reported by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are reading this piece on another domain, it was illegally copied and reposted in violation of U.S. and international copyright & trademark law. The correct version of this piece can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/27/renault-sa-rno-pt-set-at-100-00-by-goldman-sachs-group-inc.html. About Renault SA Renault SA is a France based company primarily engaged in the manufacture of automobiles and the provision of related services. It is structured into two segments: the Automobile division, which handles the design, manufacture and marketing of passenger cars and light commercial vehicles, under Renault, Renault Samsung Motors and Dacia brands, and the Sales Financing division, which provides financial and commercial services related to the sales activities, and is comprised of RCI Banque and its subsidiaries. Receive News & Ratings for Renault SA Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Renault SA and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Judge Uses Comment by President Trump in Ruling Fight for Border Wall Approaches in Attempt to Avoid Shutdown President Trump Attempting To Repeal ACA Again Vice President Pence Says North Korea Should Not Test U.S. Resolve Trump’s Back and Forth on Economics © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Pzena Investment Management Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Pzena Investment Management Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News BT Group plc (BT.A) PT Lowered to GBX 425 Oxford Instruments plc (OXIG) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by N+1 Singer Proactis Holdings Plc (PHD) Rating Reiterated by N+1 Singer Tullow Oil plc (TLW) Rating Reiterated by GMP Securities Zacks Investment Research Downgrades Pzena Investment Management, Inc. (PZN) to Sell QTS Realty Trust Inc (QTS) Stock Rating Lowered by Zacks Investment Research Quintiles IMS Holdings Inc (Q) Rating Lowered to Sell at Zacks Investment Research Reckitt Benckiser Group Plc (RB) Price Target Cut to GBX 7,100 Prospect Capital Co. (PSEC) Stock Rating Lowered by Zacks Investment Research Capital One Financial Corp. Comments on Noble Energy, Inc.’s Q1 2017 Earnings (NBL) National Bank Financial Weighs in on Equitable Group Inc.’s Q1 2017 Earnings (EQB) ZIOPHARM Oncology Inc. (ZIOP) Stock Rating Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research Omnicell, Inc. (OMCL) PT Raised to $53.00 U.S. Silica Holdings Inc (SLCA) PT Set at $65.00 by Jefferies Group LLC Royal Bank of Canada Reiterates “Outperform” Rating for Alphabet Inc (GOOG) Daimler AG (DAI) PT Set at €78.00 by Nord/LB Koninklijke Ahold Delhaize NV (ADRNY) Rating Lowered to Hold at Zacks Investment Research Deutsche Bank AG (DBK) Given a €18.20 Price Target by Warburg Research Analysts Allegheny Technologies Incorporated (ATI) Shares Gap Up on Earnings Beat California Water Service Group (CWT) Reaches New 52-Week High After Dividend Announcement Zacks Investment Research Downgrades Pzena Investment Management, Inc. (PZN) to Sell April 27th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Jeff Wilder Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Finance Tweet Pzena Investment Management, Inc. (NYSE:PZN) was downgraded by Zacks Investment Research from a “buy” rating to a “sell” rating in a report issued on Wednesday. According to Zacks, “Pzena Investment Management, LLC, which will become the company’s operating company upon the consummation of the offering, is a premier value-oriented investment management firm with a record of investment excellence and exceptional client service. “ Separately, JPMorgan Chase & Co. reaffirmed a “neutral” rating on shares of Pzena Investment Management in a report on Thursday, January 12th. Pzena Investment Management (NYSE:PZN) opened at 10.77 on Wednesday. The stock’s 50 day moving average price is $9.90 and its 200 day moving average price is $9.74. Pzena Investment Management has a 52-week low of $7.06 and a 52-week high of $11.85. The firm has a market capitalization of $186.98 million, a PE ratio of 17.89 and a beta of 2.07. Pzena Investment Management (NYSE:PZN) last released its quarterly earnings data on Tuesday, April 18th. The asset manager reported $0.12 earnings per share for the quarter, missing the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of $0.13 by $0.01. Pzena Investment Management had a net margin of 14.93% and a return on equity of 13.43%. The firm had revenue of $32 million for the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $30 million. Pzena Investment Management’s revenue for the quarter was up 24.0% on a year-over-year basis. On average, analysts predict that Pzena Investment Management will post $0.59 EPS for the current fiscal year. The business also recently announced a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Thursday, May 18th. Shareholders of record on Friday, April 28th will be issued a dividend of $0.03 per share. This represents a $0.12 annualized dividend and a yield of 1.11%. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Wednesday, April 26th. Pzena Investment Management’s payout ratio is presently 20.69%. WARNING: This report was originally reported by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are reading this report on another publication, it was illegally stolen and republished in violation of U.S. & international copyright legislation. The original version of this report can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/27/zacks-investment-research-downgrades-pzena-investment-management-inc-pzn-to-sell.html. Hedge funds and other institutional investors have recently made changes to their positions in the company. Los Angeles Capital Management & Equity Research Inc. acquired a new position in Pzena Investment Management during the third quarter valued at $134,000. Acrospire Investment Management LLC raised its position in Pzena Investment Management by 45.9% in the third quarter. Acrospire Investment Management LLC now owns 18,411 shares of the asset manager’s stock valued at $142,000 after buying an additional 5,789 shares during the period. Martingale Asset Management L P raised its position in Pzena Investment Management by 20.5% in the fourth quarter. Martingale Asset Management L P now owns 27,609 shares of the asset manager’s stock valued at $307,000 after buying an additional 4,700 shares during the period. Acadian Asset Management LLC acquired a new position in Pzena Investment Management during the first quarter valued at $352,000. Finally, Teachers Advisors LLC raised its position in Pzena Investment Management by 20.5% in the fourth quarter. Teachers Advisors LLC now owns 55,262 shares of the asset manager’s stock valued at $614,000 after buying an additional 9,402 shares during the period. 15.64% of the stock is currently owned by hedge funds and other institutional investors. About Pzena Investment Management Pzena Investment Management, Inc is a holding company. The Company is the sole managing member of Pzena Investment Management, LLC. Pzena Investment Management, LLC is an investment management company. The Company also serves as the general partner of Pzena Investment Management, LP. The Company offers institutional investment products to public and corporate pension funds, endowments, foundations and certain commingled vehicles geared toward institutional investors. Get a free copy of the Zacks research report on Pzena Investment Management (PZN) For more information about research offerings from Zacks Investment Research, visit Zacks.com Receive News & Ratings for Pzena Investment Management Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Pzena Investment Management Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Judge Uses Comment by President Trump in Ruling Fight for Border Wall Approaches in Attempt to Avoid Shutdown President Trump Attempting To Repeal ACA Again Vice President Pence Says North Korea Should Not Test U.S. Resolve Trump’s Back and Forth on Economics © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance ZIOPHARM Oncology Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for ZIOPHARM Oncology Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News ZIOPHARM Oncology Inc. (ZIOP) Stock Rating Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research Omnicell, Inc. (OMCL) PT Raised to $53.00 U.S. Silica Holdings Inc (SLCA) PT Set at $65.00 by Jefferies Group LLC Royal Bank of Canada Reiterates “Outperform” Rating for Alphabet Inc (GOOG) Daimler AG (DAI) PT Set at €78.00 by Nord/LB Koninklijke Ahold Delhaize NV (ADRNY) Rating Lowered to Hold at Zacks Investment Research Deutsche Bank AG (DBK) Given a €18.20 Price Target by Warburg Research Analysts Allegheny Technologies Incorporated (ATI) Shares Gap Up on Earnings Beat California Water Service Group (CWT) Reaches New 52-Week High After Dividend Announcement New York Community Bancorp, Inc. (NYCB) Hits New 12-Month Low on Disappointing Earnings Ignyta’s (RXDX) Buy Rating Reaffirmed at Cantor Fitzgerald Raymond James Financial, Inc. Cuts Semafo Inc. (SMF) Price Target to C$4.80 Cantor Fitzgerald Reiterates “Buy” Rating for Tivity Health Inc (TVTY) NetApp Inc. (NTAP) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Royal Bank of Canada Royal Bank of Canada Reaffirms “Hold” Rating for Check Point Software Technologies Ltd. (CHKP) Nord Anglia Education’s (NORD) “Buy” Rating Reaffirmed at Royal Bank of Canada TELUS Co. (T) PT Raised to C$46.00 at Scotiabank Exco Technologies Limited (XTC) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Scotiabank TD Securities Trims Semafo Inc. (SMF) Target Price to C$5.50 Williams Partners LP (WPZ) Forecasted to Post Q1 2017 Earnings of $0.40 Per Share ZIOPHARM Oncology Inc. (ZIOP) Stock Rating Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research April 27th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Latisha Jones Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Finance Tweet ZIOPHARM Oncology Inc. (NASDAQ:ZIOP) was upgraded by Zacks Investment Research from a “sell” rating to a “hold” rating in a note issued to investors on Wednesday. According to Zacks, “ZIOPHARM Oncology, Inc. is a biopharmaceutical company engaged in the development and commercialization of a diverse, risk-sensitive portfolio of in-licensed cancer drugs to address unmet medical needs. The Company applies new insights from molecular and cancer biology to understand the efficacy and safety limitations of approved and developmental cancer therapies and identifies proprietary and related molecules for better patient treatment. “ Several other brokerages have also commented on ZIOP. Griffin Securities reiterated a “buy” rating and issued a $23.00 target price on shares of ZIOPHARM Oncology in a research report on Tuesday, February 28th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. reissued a “hold” rating on shares of ZIOPHARM Oncology in a report on Thursday, January 12th. Five equities research analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and one has assigned a buy rating to the company’s stock. The stock currently has a consensus rating of “Hold” and a consensus target price of $10.25. Shares of ZIOPHARM Oncology (NASDAQ:ZIOP) opened at 7.51 on Wednesday. The stock’s market cap is $981.53 million. ZIOPHARM Oncology has a 52 week low of $4.45 and a 52 week high of $8.72. The firm has a 50-day moving average price of $6.60 and a 200-day moving average price of $6.22. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY WARNING: “ZIOPHARM Oncology Inc. (ZIOP) Stock Rating Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research” was first published by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are reading this article on another publication, it was stolen and republished in violation of United States and international copyright & trademark legislation. The legal version of this article can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/27/ziopharm-oncology-inc-ziop-stock-rating-upgraded-by-zacks-investment-research.html. Several hedge funds have recently made changes to their positions in ZIOP. Third Security LLC bought a new stake in shares of ZIOPHARM Oncology during the fourth quarter valued at about $51,946,000. Norges Bank bought a new stake in shares of ZIOPHARM Oncology during the fourth quarter valued at about $5,556,000. Zurcher Kantonalbank Zurich Cantonalbank increased its stake in shares of ZIOPHARM Oncology by 0.5% in the third quarter. Zurcher Kantonalbank Zurich Cantonalbank now owns 580,992 shares of the biotechnology company’s stock valued at $3,271,000 after buying an additional 2,930 shares during the period. Janney Montgomery Scott LLC increased its stake in shares of ZIOPHARM Oncology by 6.2% in the first quarter. Janney Montgomery Scott LLC now owns 266,366 shares of the biotechnology company’s stock valued at $1,689,000 after buying an additional 15,610 shares during the period. Finally, Teachers Advisors LLC increased its stake in shares of ZIOPHARM Oncology by 1.9% in the fourth quarter. Teachers Advisors LLC now owns 198,508 shares of the biotechnology company’s stock valued at $1,062,000 after buying an additional 3,699 shares during the period. 41.26% of the stock is currently owned by institutional investors and hedge funds. About ZIOPHARM Oncology ZIOPHARM Oncology, Inc is a biopharmaceutical company, which is seeking to develop, acquire and commercialize, on its own or with partners, a portfolio of cancer therapies that address unmet medical needs. The Company is focused on developing products in immuno-oncology that employ gene expression, control and cell technologies to deliver cell- and viral-based therapies for the treatment of cancer and graft-versus-host-disease. Get a free copy of the Zacks research report on ZIOPHARM Oncology (ZIOP) For more information about research offerings from Zacks Investment Research, visit Zacks.com Receive News & Ratings for ZIOPHARM Oncology Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for ZIOPHARM Oncology Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Judge Uses Comment by President Trump in Ruling Fight for Border Wall Approaches in Attempt to Avoid Shutdown President Trump Attempting To Repeal ACA Again Vice President Pence Says North Korea Should Not Test U.S. Resolve Trump’s Back and Forth on Economics © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Daimler AG - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Daimler AG with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News ZIOPHARM Oncology Inc. (ZIOP) Stock Rating Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research Omnicell, Inc. (OMCL) PT Raised to $53.00 U.S. Silica Holdings Inc (SLCA) PT Set at $65.00 by Jefferies Group LLC Royal Bank of Canada Reiterates “Outperform” Rating for Alphabet Inc (GOOG) Daimler AG (DAI) PT Set at €78.00 by Nord/LB Koninklijke Ahold Delhaize NV (ADRNY) Rating Lowered to Hold at Zacks Investment Research Deutsche Bank AG (DBK) Given a €18.20 Price Target by Warburg Research Analysts Allegheny Technologies Incorporated (ATI) Shares Gap Up on Earnings Beat California Water Service Group (CWT) Reaches New 52-Week High After Dividend Announcement New York Community Bancorp, Inc. (NYCB) Hits New 12-Month Low on Disappointing Earnings Ignyta’s (RXDX) Buy Rating Reaffirmed at Cantor Fitzgerald Raymond James Financial, Inc. Cuts Semafo Inc. (SMF) Price Target to C$4.80 Cantor Fitzgerald Reiterates “Buy” Rating for Tivity Health Inc (TVTY) NetApp Inc. (NTAP) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Royal Bank of Canada Royal Bank of Canada Reaffirms “Hold” Rating for Check Point Software Technologies Ltd. (CHKP) Nord Anglia Education’s (NORD) “Buy” Rating Reaffirmed at Royal Bank of Canada TELUS Co. (T) PT Raised to C$46.00 at Scotiabank Exco Technologies Limited (XTC) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Scotiabank TD Securities Trims Semafo Inc. (SMF) Target Price to C$5.50 Williams Partners LP (WPZ) Forecasted to Post Q1 2017 Earnings of $0.40 Per Share Daimler AG (DAI) PT Set at €78.00 by Nord/LB April 27th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Stacy Sanders Filed Under: Analyst Articles - Europe - Finance Tweet Daimler AG (ETR:DAI) has been assigned a €78.00 ($84.78) price objective by research analysts at Nord/LB in a research report issued on Wednesday. The firm currently has a “buy” rating on the stock. A number of other equities research analysts have also weighed in on DAI. Jefferies Group LLC set a €56.00 ($60.87) target price on shares of Daimler AG and gave the company a “sell” rating in a research note on Tuesday, April 18th. HSBC Holdings plc set a €70.00 ($76.09) target price on shares of Daimler AG and gave the company a “neutral” rating in a research note on Monday. JPMorgan Chase & Co. set a €85.00 ($92.39) target price on shares of Daimler AG and gave the company a “buy” rating in a research note on Wednesday, April 12th. Barclays PLC set a €69.00 ($75.00) target price on shares of Daimler AG and gave the company a “neutral” rating in a research note on Tuesday, April 18th. Finally, Goldman Sachs Group Inc set a €78.00 ($84.78) target price on shares of Daimler AG and gave the company a “neutral” rating in a research note on Tuesday. Three equities research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, thirteen have issued a hold rating and eleven have assigned a buy rating to the company. The company presently has a consensus rating of “Hold” and an average price target of €72.75 ($79.08). Shares of Daimler AG (ETR:DAI) opened at 68.049 on Wednesday. The company has a market cap of €72.80 billion and a PE ratio of 8.538. The firm’s 50-day moving average is €68.83 and its 200-day moving average is €67.93. Daimler AG has a 12 month low of €50.89 and a 12 month high of €73.20. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION WARNING: “Daimler AG (DAI) PT Set at €78.00 by Nord/LB” was posted by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are viewing this report on another site, it was illegally copied and republished in violation of United States and international copyright & trademark legislation. The correct version of this report can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/27/daimler-ag-dai-pt-set-at-78-00-by-nordlb.html. Daimler AG Company Profile Daimler AG (Daimler) is an automotive engineering company. The Company is engaged in the development, production and distribution of cars, trucks and vans in Germany, and the management of the Daimler Group. Daimler’s segments include Mercedes-Benz Cars, Daimler Trucks, Mercedes-Benz Vans, Daimler Buses and Daimler Financial Services. Receive News & Ratings for Daimler AG Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Daimler AG and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Judge Uses Comment by President Trump in Ruling Fight for Border Wall Approaches in Attempt to Avoid Shutdown President Trump Attempting To Repeal ACA Again Vice President Pence Says North Korea Should Not Test U.S. Resolve Trump’s Back and Forth on Economics © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance California Water Service Group - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for California Water Service Group with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Allegheny Technologies Incorporated (ATI) Shares Gap Up on Earnings Beat California Water Service Group (CWT) Reaches New 52-Week High After Dividend Announcement New York Community Bancorp, Inc. (NYCB) Hits New 12-Month Low on Disappointing Earnings Ignyta’s (RXDX) Buy Rating Reaffirmed at Cantor Fitzgerald Raymond James Financial, Inc. Cuts Semafo Inc. (SMF) Price Target to C$4.80 Cantor Fitzgerald Reiterates “Buy” Rating for Tivity Health Inc (TVTY) NetApp Inc. (NTAP) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Royal Bank of Canada Royal Bank of Canada Reaffirms “Hold” Rating for Check Point Software Technologies Ltd. (CHKP) Nord Anglia Education’s (NORD) “Buy” Rating Reaffirmed at Royal Bank of Canada TELUS Co. (T) PT Raised to C$46.00 at Scotiabank Exco Technologies Limited (XTC) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Scotiabank TD Securities Trims Semafo Inc. (SMF) Target Price to C$5.50 Williams Partners LP (WPZ) Forecasted to Post Q1 2017 Earnings of $0.40 Per Share Equities Analysts Set Expectations for Lendingtree Inc’s Q1 2017 Earnings (TREE) Chart Industries, Inc. (GTLS) Releases FY17 Earnings Guidance Somewhat Favorable Media Coverage Somewhat Unlikely to Affect Semtech (SMTC) Stock Price Somewhat Positive News Coverage Likely to Impact Marathon Petroleum Corp (MPC) Share Price Skyline (SKY) Receives Daily News Impact Score of 0.16 Somewhat Positive Press Coverage Unlikely to Affect Ross Stores (ROST) Stock Price Analysts Set Valmont Industries, Inc. (VMI) PT at $159.00 California Water Service Group (CWT) Reaches New 52-Week High After Dividend Announcement April 27th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Stacy Sanders Filed Under: Finance - Price Articles Tweet California Water Service Group (NYSE:CWT) shares hit a new 52-week high during trading on Wednesday following a dividend announcement from the company. The company traded as high as $38.30 and last traded at $38.30, with a volume of 189,392 shares. The stock had previously closed at $37.65. The newly announced dividend which will be paid on Friday, May 19th. Stockholders of record on Monday, May 8th will be paid a dividend of $0.18 per share. This represents a $0.72 annualized dividend and a dividend yield of 1.94%. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Thursday, May 4th. California Water Service Group’s dividend payout ratio (DPR) is presently 81.82%. Several research firms have recently commented on CWT. Gabelli upgraded California Water Service Group from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating in a research note on Thursday, February 16th. Zacks Investment Research upgraded California Water Service Group from a “sell” rating to a “hold” rating in a research note on Friday, February 24th. Wells Fargo & Co cut California Water Service Group from a “market perform” rating to an “underperform” rating in a research note on Friday, February 24th. They noted that the move was a valuation call. Finally, Macquarie began coverage on California Water Service Group in a research note on Wednesday, January 18th. They set a “neutral” rating and a $32.00 price target for the company. Two equities research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, four have issued a hold rating and one has issued a buy rating to the company. The stock presently has a consensus rating of “Hold” and a consensus price target of $33.20. The firm has a market capitalization of $1.78 billion, a PE ratio of 36.78 and a beta of 0.65. The stock has a 50-day moving average of $35.74 and a 200-day moving average of $34.33. California Water Service Group (NYSE:CWT) last announced its quarterly earnings results on Thursday, April 27th. The utilities provider reported $0.02 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, missing the Zacks’ consensus estimate of $0.05 by $0.03. California Water Service Group had a return on equity of 6.56% and a net margin of 7.05%. The business had revenue of $122.04 million for the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $128.30 million. During the same quarter last year, the firm posted ($0.02) EPS. The company’s revenue was up .3% compared to the same quarter last year. On average, equities analysts expect that California Water Service Group will post $1.30 EPS for the current fiscal year. In other news, VP Michael B. Luu sold 2,400 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction on Thursday, March 16th. The stock was sold at an average price of $34.47, for a total value of $82,728.00. Following the sale, the vice president now owns 8,532 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $294,098.04. The transaction was disclosed in a document filed with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which can be accessed through this link. 1.00% of the stock is currently owned by insiders. Hedge funds have recently bought and sold shares of the company. BlackRock Fund Advisors increased its stake in California Water Service Group by 8.3% in the third quarter. BlackRock Fund Advisors now owns 3,384,620 shares of the utilities provider’s stock worth $108,612,000 after buying an additional 258,291 shares in the last quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. increased its stake in California Water Service Group by 8.3% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 289,858 shares of the utilities provider’s stock worth $9,302,000 after buying an additional 22,258 shares in the last quarter. California State Teachers Retirement System increased its stake in California Water Service Group by 1.0% in the third quarter. California State Teachers Retirement System now owns 101,791 shares of the utilities provider’s stock worth $3,266,000 after buying an additional 1,000 shares in the last quarter. BlackRock Institutional Trust Company N.A. increased its stake in California Water Service Group by 1.4% in the third quarter. BlackRock Institutional Trust Company N.A. now owns 1,206,055 shares of the utilities provider’s stock worth $38,702,000 after buying an additional 16,878 shares in the last quarter. Finally, GHP Investment Advisors Inc. increased its stake in California Water Service Group by 1.2% in the third quarter. GHP Investment Advisors Inc. now owns 70,293 shares of the utilities provider’s stock worth $2,256,000 after buying an additional 804 shares in the last quarter. 68.63% of the stock is currently owned by institutional investors. TRADEMARK VIOLATION NOTICE: “California Water Service Group (CWT) Reaches New 52-Week High After Dividend Announcement” was originally posted by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are reading this piece on another publication, it was illegally copied and republished in violation of US and international copyright & trademark law. The original version of this piece can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/27/california-water-service-group-cwt-reaches-new-52-week-high-after-dividend-announcement.html. About California Water Service Group California Water Service Group is a holding company. The Company operates through the supply and distribution of water and providing water-related utility services segment. The Company, through its subsidiaries, provides non-regulated services and non-regulated services to private companies and municipalities. Receive News & Ratings for California Water Service Group Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for California Water Service Group and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Judge Uses Comment by President Trump in Ruling Fight for Border Wall Approaches in Attempt to Avoid Shutdown President Trump Attempting To Repeal ACA Again Vice President Pence Says North Korea Should Not Test U.S. Resolve Trump’s Back and Forth on Economics © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Bloomberg the Company & Its ProductsBloomberg Anywhere Remote LoginBloomberg Anywhere LoginBloomberg Terminal Demo Request Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Philanthropy & Engagement Bloomberg London Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Execution & Order Management Data & Content Financial Data Management Integration & Distribution Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps Bloomberg Briefs News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Philanthropy & Engagement Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Bloomberg London Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps Bloomberg Briefs News Bureaus Media Services Advertising Bloomberg Media Distribution Bloomberg Live Conferences Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Execution & Order Management Data & Content Financial Data Management Integration & Distribution Bloomberg Tradebook Enterprise Products Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center MENU Homepage Markets Stocks Currencies Commodities Rates + Bonds Economics Magazine Benchmark Watchlist Economic Calendar Tech U.S. Global Startups Cybersecurity Digital Media Bloomberg Technology TV Hello World Studio 1.0 Pursuits Cars & Bikes Style & Grooming Spend Watches & Gadgets Food & Drinks Travel Real Estate Art & Design Brilliant Ideas Politics Global Risk Briefing How We’ll Know if Trump Is Making America Great Again Tracking Trump’s Web of Conflicts The Inauguration of Donald J. Trump On the March in Trump’s Capital Opinion View Gadfly Businessweek Subscribe Cover Stories Opening Remarks Etc Features 85th Anniversary Issue Behind The Cover More Climate Changed Video Series: Ventures Graphics Billionaires Game Plan Small Business Personal Finance Inspire GO The David Rubenstein Show Sponsored Content Bloomberg About The Company Sign In Sign In Subscribe How Trump and Brexit Could Change Global Bank Rules As two big economies chart a new course, some fear “regulatory arbitrage.” by Silla Brush @sabrush More stories by Silla Brush and Alexander Weber @WeberAlexander More stories by Alexander Weber April 28, 2017, 12:01 AM EDT From Subscribe Reprints Illustrator: Caroline David This is how a race to the bottom can start. In Washington, President Donald Trump has vowed to roll back the financial regulations passed after the 2008 crisis. In London, Prime Minister Theresa May, facing a possible exodus of bankers as Britain quits the European Union, has said she might fight any “punitive” trade measures from the EU with tax cuts or policy changes to attract investors and companies. At the same time, some EU member states could consider relaxed rules to entice London-based firms. In Brussels, Europe’s top regulators are angling to soften the latest round of international banking standards. It wasn’t supposed to go like this. Until last year’s tectonic political shifts in the U.S. and U.K., financial regulators had been moving toward tougher rule-making and greater coordination. They’ve tried to stamp out “regulatory arbitrage”—banks moving their riskiest businesses to those jurisdictions with the weakest standards. The lesson of the financial panics of the 21st century, from Lehman Brothers to the European debt crisis, was that crises aren’t confined by national borders. Regulators have required large global banks to hold more capital, financing more of their lending from equity rather than debt, so they’re better able to weather losses. Lenders are subjected to regular stress tests to assess their risk of failure. But as finance ministers, central bankers, and industry executives convened in Washington in late April for annual spring meetings on the global economy, the conversation was a bit different. Although a regulatory rollback hasn’t happened yet and could take years if it did, Mark Carney, head of the Financial Stability Board of global regulators created after the crisis, warned in an April 20 speech against “reform fatigue” that could leave some regulatory efforts unfinished. “The global financial system is at a fork in the road,” said Carney, who is also governor of the Bank of England. He pointed to “nascent risks that, if left unchecked, could threaten the progress made.” Since the U.S. election, financial stocks have rallied about 20 percent, in part on investors’ hopes for lighter regulations. Jamie Dimon, chief executive officer of JPMorgan Chase & Co., has written that the financial system is safer post-crisis but that banks, anxious about increased regulator scrutiny, now have too much capital, constraining lending. Anat Admati, a Stanford finance professor, counters that “no regulation stops banks from using their profits, or raising equity from investors, to make worthy loans.” In a few instances some regulators have conceded there’s room to tweak the U.S. regulations. Daniel Tarullo, who spearheaded many of the most important restrictions at the Federal Reserve before he stepped down in April, said some requirements could be softened for smaller banks. But Trump has been pushing for even bigger changes. On April 21, the president ordered Secretary of the Treasury Steven Mnuchin to review regulations meant to help authorities wind down a failing bank, as well as rules for designating some nonbank financial institutions as systemically important and therefore subject to additional restrictions. That worries policymakers outside the U.S. “The big question on which the Europeans are awaiting clarity is whether the U.S. really goes its own way on questions as pivotal as orderly resolution” of failing firms, says Karen Shaw Petrou, managing partner at Federal Financial Analytics Inc. in Washington. At the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision, a group of regulators has worked toward international agreements on capital standards since the 1980s. A pending revision to the rule books is supposed to limit banks’ ability to use their internal risk-assessment methods to determine whether they have enough capital. European regulators and politicians have argued that proposed changes are too tough on their countries’ lenders. The U.S. has so far taken a harder line than the Europeans. The latest Basel rules were supposed to be completed at the beginning of the year, but they’re on hold while European politicians and regulators wait to see whether Trump and his slate of regulators shift direction. The EU is working to fine-tune regulations to make them more “growth-friendly,” said Valdis Dombrovskis, the EU’s financial-services chief, in an April 20 speech in Washington. Still, he said the bloc isn’t willing to lower standards for keeping banks safe. “We count on the U.S. to stand by the same principle,” he said. European officials are also looking inward as they contend with Britain’s vote to exit the EU. May has joined other lawmakers in suggesting regulatory changes might be pursued post-Brexit. Intercontinental Exchange Inc., one of the world’s biggest trading platforms, has said Brexit offers the U.K. an opportunity to review misguided rules from Brussels. Lawyers at Shearman & Sterling LLP in London have called on policymakers to consider using Brexit to achieve a “market-friendly regulatory framework.” Countries in the EU, competing to attract business as European finance reorganizes after Brexit, are asking whether regulations might be used as an incentive. Ireland already has complained to the European Commission, the EU’s executive arm in Brussels, that other countries are offering looser rules as part of a “dangerous competition” for business. The most important business stories of the day. Get Bloomberg's daily newsletter. Sign Up The European Securities and Markets Authority, which seeks to coordinate standards across the EU, is concerned about what could happen if national regulators across Europe allow U.K. firms to set up offices in their countries while keeping the main part of their business in London, so that European regulators might not have proper oversight. At the European Central Bank, regulators have warned about a loophole that could hurt their ability to oversee markets if banks relocate businesses from the U.K.: The ECB doesn’t supervise branches and brokerage units of foreign lenders. Those are left to national regulators. The ECB said it needs to consolidate oversight to prevent banks from playing national supervisors off one another. “We will be cautious of regulatory and supervisory arbitrage,” ECB executive board member Sabine Lautenschlaeger has said. “And we will not take part in a race to the bottom in that regard.” The bottom line: After a series of financial crises, regulators in the U.S. and Europe got tougher. Then came two very big elections. Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal. LEARN MORE Most Read Jeff Bezos Is Just $5 Billion Away From Being the World's Richest Person With Secret Airship, Sergey Brin Also Wants to Fly Why Getting Fired Is Worse Than Divorce Under Armour Loses Whatever Swagger It Had Left Amazon Extends Growth Streak, Unfazed by Lavish Spending Terms of Service Trademarks Privacy Policy ©2017 Bloomberg L.P. All Rights Reserved Careers Made in NYC Advertise Ad Choices Website Feedback Help
Home E-Edition Classifieds Stepsaver/Observers Citizens News Photo Reprints Contests Employment Dining About Us Advertising Newsroom History Forms Employment Privacy Terms of Use Contact Us Subscriptions Letters to the Editor Editorial and Opinion News Article News Tip Sports Department Website Issues Subscribe Activate Access Home Delivery Subscription Purchase a Digital Subscription Home Top Stories Advanced Search Calendar Weather Webcam Photo Reprints Lottery Contests Traffic Email Updates News Elections Local Election National Election Candidate Profiles Business Connecticut Local Morning 5 National New England Offbeat Today in History World Records Courts Inspections Police Bus Routes Sports The Zone UConn College Local sports MLB NBA NFL NHL Pro Sports Entertainment Arts Best Bets Movies Music Nightlife People Theater TV Lifestyle Wheels Horoscope Family Food Health Outdoors Technology Travel Tide Charts Social Moments Announcements Anniversaries Births Engagements Marriages Obits Opinion Editorials Syndicated Columnists Commentary Letters Your Page Columns Active Outdoors Beer Snob CT-Music Living Here Matter Of Laugh And Death Nature Off Stage Ride CT Sunday Reflections Blogs Gardening Off The Record Throwback Thursday Time Out What’s for Dinner Marketplace Place Ad Jobs Open Houses Legal Ads Dining Guide Coupons Newspaper Ads Special Sections Classifieds Announcements Employment Merchandise Pets & Animals Real Estate for Rent Real Estate for Sale Transportation – Autos Rec Vehicles Services Investment Why Trump’s tax plan may not deliver the boost White House predicts April 27, 2017 - National - Tagged: Donald Trump, Social media, Taxes - no comments By CHRISTOPHER S. RUGABER ap economics writer Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin, right, joined by National Economic Director Gary Cohn, speaks in the briefing room of the White House in Washington, Wednesday, April 26, 2017. President Donald Trump is proposing dramatically reducing the taxes paid by corporations big and small in an overhaul his administration says will spur economic growth and bring jobs and prosperity to the middle class. (AP Photo/Carolyn Kaster) WASHINGTON – President Donald Trump’s team boasted Wednesday that its tax-cut plan would lighten Americans’ financial burdens, ignite economic growth and vastly simplify tax filing. Yet the proposal so far remains short of vital details, including how it would be paid for. And based on the few specifics spelled out so far, most experts suggest that it would add little to growth while swelling the budget deficit and potentially handing large windfalls to wealthier taxpayers. Trump’s plan would replace the current seven income tax brackets with three, and the top bracket would drop from 39.6 percent to 35 percent. It would also slash the corporate rate from 35 percent all the way to 15 percent, a boon to most companies even though many don’t pay the full tax now. With tax credits and other loopholes, most corporations pay closer to 20 percent, according to calculations by JPMorgan. Perhaps the most contentious plank would enable taxpayers with business income – including those wealthy enough to pay the top tax rate – to instead pay the new 15 percent corporate rate. That’s because Trump would apply the corporate rate to “pass through” businesses. Pass-throughs include partnerships such as law firms and hedge funds as well as most small businesses – from the local florist to the family-owned restaurant on Main Street. TAX EXPERTS SAID far more details were needed to determine how average Americans would be affected. “The impact on Joe Taxpayer is unknown,” said Marc Gerson, vice chair of the tax department of law firm Miller & Chevalier in Washington. “There’s not enough specificity. It’s hard for taxpayers to determine where they’ll come out.” Cohn asserted that the plan would cut taxes “especially for low and middle income families.” It purports to do so in part by doubling the standard deduction, which is used by taxpayers who don’t itemize their tax deductions. At the same time, the Trump plan would eliminate the estate tax and the alternative minimum tax, thereby benefiting some of the richest taxpayers. And that’s on top of shrinking the corporate tax rate that many affluent individuals could likely capitalize on. BY MAKING CORPORATIONS more profitable, the Trump administration hopes to encourage more business spending on equipment – from computers to factories and machinery. The corporate tax cuts are also intended to encourage more businesses to stay in the United States, which now has the highest corporate rate among advanced economies. The Trump team stressed the benefits that might flow to small businesses. But the richest windfalls would flow to the wealthy – lawyers, hedge fund managers, consultants and other big earners. Nearly 75 percent of pass-through income flows to the 10 percent wealthiest taxpayers, according to the liberal Center on Budget and Policy Priorities. The government’s budget deficit could explode under the plan, offsetting many of the benefits for the economy, economists say. The Committee for a Responsible Federal Budget’s rough estimate puts the loss of revenue at $5.5 trillion over 10 years. Mnuchin argued that the tax cuts would spur faster growth, which, in turn, would produce more tax revenue. And the elimination of tax deductions and other loopholes would raise revenue as well, he contended. But the Trump team offered few details on which deductions would be dropped – a move that would likely spark opposition from the beneficiaries of those deductions. And most economists don’t accept the notion that growth would accelerate enough to offset the lost revenue. Alan Cole, an economist at the right-leaning Tax Foundation, calculates that the corporate tax cuts alone would reduce government revenue by $2 trillion over 10 years. That would require growth to accelerate nearly a full percentage point, to 2.8 percent a year, from its current level. Yet Cole forecasts that growth would increase only 0.4 percent annually. Other economists say that if the cuts balloon the deficit, the resulting jump in government borrowing would swell interest rates and make it harder for businesses and households to borrow and spend. Ethan Harris, chief global economist at Bank of America Merrill Lynch, says such a “crowding out” effect can cancel out any benefits to the economy. — SO WILL THE ECONOMY BENEFIT AT ALL? Most economists forecast that a modest tax-cut package – smaller than Trump’s – is far more likely to become law. With the deficit rising by less, a smaller cut could raise growth to 2.5 percent a year, from its roughly 2 percent pace now, Harris said. You need to be Logged in to sign up for Express Login. If Trump’s proposals became law, depending on the details, growth could accelerate more quickly, Harris added. But the Federal Reserve would likely counter such acceleration with more short-term rate hikes, to forestall rapid inflation. And that move, in turn, would likely slow the economy. — Joseph Pisani and Paul Harloff in New York contributed to this report. — Contact Chris Rugaber on Twitter at http://Twitter.com/ChrisRugaber Share this: Facebook Twitter Google WhatsApp Pinterest Reddit Tumblr More Skype LinkedIn Pocket Email Print Telegram Related Leave a Reply Cancel reply You must be logged in to post a comment. More articles from National Trump to sign order to expand offshore drilling April 27, 2017 - National - Tagged: Donald Trump, Social media - no comments WASHINGTON – Working to dismantle his predecessor’s environmental legacy, President Donald Trump plans to sign an executive order Friday that could lead to the expansion of drilling in the Arctic and Atlantic oceans. With one day left to rack up… Read Post → Berkeley protests peaceful as hundreds rally over Coulter April 27, 2017 - National - Tagged: Donald Trump, Gun laws, Immigration, Police, Republican Party, Social media - 1 comment BERKELEY, Calif. – Hundreds of people waving American flags and chanting “USA” gathered peacefully Thursday for a rally at a park in Berkeley – home of the free speech movement – to protest a canceled appearance by conservative commentator Ann… Read Post → Senate Democrats block quick vote on short-term spending bill April 27, 2017 - National - Tagged: Abortion, Affordable Care Act, Democratic Party, Donald Trump, Republican Party - no comments WASHINGTON – Senate Democrats late Thursday blocked a quick vote on a short-term spending bill to keep the government open, roiling Washington with brinkmanship less than 30 hours before a midnight Friday deadline for a shutdown and President Donald Trump’s… Read Post → Senate confirms Acosta as secretary of labor April 27, 2017 - National - Tagged: Democratic Party, Donald Trump, Immigration, Republican Party, Supreme Court, Taxes Towns: Litchfield Hills, Warren CT - no comments WASHINGTON – The Senate on Thursday confirmed Alex Acosta as secretary of labor, filling out President Donald Trump’s cabinet as he approaches his 100th day in office. The 60-38 vote confirms Acosta to the post. Once sworn as the nation’s… Read Post → Tillerson says China asked North Korea to stop nuclear tests April 27, 2017 - National - Tagged: Donald Trump, Iran, Social media - no comments WASHINGTON – U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson said Thursday that China has threatened to impose sanctions on North Korea if it conducts further nuclear tests. “We know that China is in communications with the regime in Pyongyang,” Tillerson said… Read Post → Israel strikes inside Syria pick up tempo in proxy war April 27, 2017 - National - Tagged: Iran, ISIS, Islam, Syria - no comments BEIRUT – Syria’s military said Israel struck a military installation southwest of Damascus International Airport before dawn Thursday, setting off a series of explosions and raising tensions further between the two neighbors. Apparently seeking to interrupt weapons transfers to the… Read Post → Protesters storm Macedonia parliament April 27, 2017 - National - Tagged: Crime, Democratic Party, European Union, Police - no comments SKOPJE, Macedonia – Chaos swept into Macedonia’s parliament Thursday as demonstrators stormed the building and attacked lawmakers to protest the election of a new speaker despite a months-old deadlock in efforts to form a new government. Clashes over several hours… Read Post → Pentagon also probing Flynn’s funds April 27, 2017 - National - Tagged: Democratic Party, Donald Trump - no comments WASHINGTON – Investigations intensified into President Donald Trump’s ousted national security adviser, Michael Flynn, on Thursday as the Pentagon watchdog joined lawmakers in probing payments he accepted from foreign sources including a Russian state-sponsored TV network. At the same time,… Read Post → Abating bait Shortage of fishermen’s favorites puzzles scientists, worm rakers April 27, 2017 - National - no comments WOOLWICH, Maine – Dan Harrington makes his living unearthing marine worms by hacking away at mudflats with a tool that resembles the business end of an old steel rake. He’s fine with the freezing weather, the pungent aromas and the… Read Post → AP-NORC poll: Most teens have taken social media break April 27, 2017 - National - Tagged: Social media - no comments NEW YORK (AP) — The common stereotype has teens glued to their phones 24-7. But nearly 60 percent of teens in the U.S. have actually taken a break from social media — the bulk of them voluntarily, a new survey… Read Post → ‹ Older posts Newspaper Ads Latest News Police investigate death of Waterbury man whose body was found at Torrington inn 4 hours ago Juvenile arrested after stealing car, leading police on chase 4 hours ago Police won’t bring charges in Choate sex abuse allegations 4 hours ago Hernandez estate currently worthless; home to be sold 4 hours ago Trump to sign order to expand offshore drilling 4 hours ago CategoriesCategories Select Category _Posts Announcements    Anniversaries    Births    Engagements    Marriages    Reunions Blogs    City Beat    Gardening    Off The Record    Pickin’ on Life    Throwback Thursday    What’s for Dinner Campership Cartoon Columns    Active Outdoors    Beer Snob    CT-Music    Living Here    Matter Of Laugh And Death    Nature    Off Stage    Ride CT    Sunday Reflections Community Entertainment    Arts    Best Bets    Movies    Music    Nightlife    People    Theater    TV Featured Gallery    Auto Racing Photo Gallery    College Sports    Graduations    Local Sports Photos    NASA Image of the day    News Gallery    Reader Photos    Social Moments    Top Sports Horoscope Lifestyle    Family    Food    Health    Home    Outdoors    Technology    Travel    Wheels News    Bus Routes    Business    Connecticut    Elections       Candidate Profiles       Election Videos       Local Election       National Election          US Senate and House       State Elections    Local    Morning 5    National    New England    News Videos    Offbeat    Today in History    World Obituaries Opinion    Commentary    Editorials    Letters    Syndicated Columnists    Worth Reading    Your Page Records    Courts    Inspections    Police Special    Honor rolls Sports    Athlete of the Week    Auto Racing    College    Goalzone    Golf    High School       Gymnastics    Hoopzone    Latest on The Zone    Local Sports       Local Sports Videos    MLB    NBA    NFL    NHL    Olympics    Pro Sports    Redzone    Soccer    Sports featured    Sports Gallery    Sports Videos    Strikezone    Sunday Six    The Zone test    UConn       Football       Men’s Basketball       The coaches       The Streak       UConn video       UCWBB Best Ever       Women’s Basketball Top Stories Valedictorians    Valedictorians 2016 Videos Polls Would you give up your seat on a flight for $10,000? Yes, that's plenty. I'd do it for less. No, I need more money. No, drag me off the plane. View Results  Loading ... Polls Archive Reader Comments raycity222 on GOP’s $40.3 billion plan raises taxes for some 1blessed on Governor confirms bad news about state revenue 1blessed on Berkeley protests peaceful as hundreds rally over Coulter todd on Police won’t bring charges in Choate sex abuse allegations allphie on Police won’t bring charges in Choate sex abuse allegations Towns Barkhamsted Beacon Falls Bethlehem Bridgewater Burlington Canaan Cheshire Colebrook Cornwall Falls Village Goshen Harwinton Kent Litchfield Middlebury Morris Naugatuck New Hartford Norfolk Oxford Plymouth Prospect Roxbury Salisbury Seymour Sharon Southbury Thomaston Torrington Warren Waterbury Watertown Winsted Wolcott Woodbury Lottery Powerball for 04/26/2017 01-15-18-26-51 PB-26Next Drawing: Sat. Apr. 29Next Jackpot: $113.0 Million; Est. Cash Value: $70.7 Mega Millions for 04/25/2017 03-13-33-40-50 MB-02 MP-4Next Drawing: Fri. Apr. 28Next Jackpot: $61.0 Million; Est. Cash Value: $37.3 Lotto! for 04/25/2017 09-15-18-19-29-31Next Drawing: Fri. Apr. 28Next Jackpot: $1.9 Million; Est. Cash Value: $1,548,000 Lucky for Life for 04/27/2017 03-19-39-42-44 LB-02Next Drawing: Mon. May. 1 Cash5 for 04/27/2017 07-11-14-32-34 Upcoming Events Apr 21 Fri all-day Noni Cimino’s Kitchen @ Milford Center for the Arts Noni Cimino’s Kitchen @ Milford Center for the Arts Apr 21 – May 7 all-day Award-winning Pantochino Productions Inc. presents a new musical about a lovable, sharp-witted Italian grandmother. She’ll make you laugh. She’ll make you cry. She’ll make you lasagna. Meet her and the entire Italian-American family in this hilarious, big-hearted new musical about... Apr 28 Fri 9:00 am Donations Request for Prom Dresses @ Acts 4 Ministry Donations Request for Prom Dresses @ Acts 4 Ministry Apr 28 @ 9:00 am – 3:00 pm Acts 4 Ministry Inc. and The Ungroup Society are seeking donations of prom dresses, accessories and salon services for the 3rd Annual Prom Dress Giveaway to be held on Sunday, April 30. Tax-deductible donations of dresses, shoes and gift certificates... 9:30 am “Farm School” for Kids @ Flanders Nature Center “Farm School” for Kids @ Flanders Nature Center Apr 28 @ 9:30 am – 10:30 am April theme: “Let’s learn about chickens.” Includes art projects, stories, hikes or puppet shows. The cost is $5 for child and caregiver for Flanders members, and $10 for nonmembers. Pre-registration required.   10:00 am Lorraine Ryan Painting Exhibit @ New Milford Public Library Lorraine Ryan Painting Exhibit @ New Milford Public Library Apr 28 @ 10:00 am – 5:00 pm An exhibit of paintings by New Milford artist Lorraine Ryan will be hosted from Monday, April 17 through Saturday, June 24 by the New Milford Public Library, 24 Main St. Ryan is a graduate of the Parsons School of Design... 11:00 am “Here, There and Everywhere” @ Darren Winston, Bookseller “Here, There and Everywhere” @ Darren Winston, Bookseller Apr 28 @ 11:00 am – 5:00 pm A new exhibit “Here, There and Everywhere,” featuring works by artist Richard Roney-Dougal, is on view Thursday, April 20 through Friday, May 5, at the Darren Winston, Bookseller vintage bookstore and gallery. Hours are 11 a.m. to 5 p.m. Thursdays... View Calendar Add Add to Timely Calendar Add to Google Add to Outlook Add to Apple Calendar Add to other calendar Export to XML Featured Ads More Featured Ads Comments Popular Today Week Month All Governor confirms bad news about state revenue Trump says US won't leave NAFTA _ for now Criss announces he will seek 4th term as Harwinton first selectman Health care scam at end Neanderthals in America? Possible, researchers say Today Week Month All Phyllis M. Gervais Woman facing drug charges gets new court date Governor confirms bad news about state revenue Joan C. Guisti Anna Van Deusen Featured Ads Featured Coupons Sign up for Email Updates Email Updates Top Stories Town News Lifestyle News Daily News Update Entertainment News The Zone Meta Register Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Republican American 389 Meadow St Waterbury CT 06712 203 574-3636 Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Mulesoft Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Mulesoft Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Lourd Capital LLC Has $326,000 Stake in Harley-Davidson Inc (HOG) Autoliv Inc. (ALV) Stake Held by Reilly Herbert Faulkner III Cisco Systems Inc. Buys Shares of 1,489,078 Mulesoft Inc (MULE) Lennar Co. (LEN) Shares Sold by Greenhaven Associates Inc. Washington Real Estate Investment Trust (WRE) Position Maintained by Hoertkorn Richard Charles Cullen Frost Bankers Inc. Continues to Hold Stake in Comerica Incorporated (CMA) Peoples Financial Corp (PFBX) Issues Earnings Results JMP Group Inc. (JMP) Issues Quarterly Earnings Results Hub Group Inc (HUBG) Announces Quarterly Earnings Results Zacks: Brokerages Expect Cardiome Pharma Corp (CRME) Will Post Earnings of -$0.15 Per Share Kirby Co. (KEX) Releases Earnings Results, Misses Expectations By $0.01 EPS Aqua America Inc (WTR) Stake Held by Northstar Asset Management LLC First Bank & Trust Purchases New Position in Acuity Brands, Inc. (AYI) First Bank & Trust Has $328,000 Stake in Flowserve Corp (FLS) Dowling & Yahnke LLC Purchases Shares of 2,880 Jack in the Box Inc. (JACK) Dowling & Yahnke LLC Has $1,640,000 Position in Science Applications International Corp (SAIC) iShares S&P NA Tec. Semi. Idx. Fd.(ETF) (SOXX) Shares Sold by Dowling & Yahnke LLC EnLink Midstream Partners LP (ENLK) Shares Bought by Conning Inc. Gaming and Leisure Properties Inc (GLPI) Releases FY17 Earnings Guidance Cypress Semiconductor Co. (CY) Posts Earnings Results, Beats Estimates By $0.02 EPS Cisco Systems Inc. Buys Shares of 1,489,078 Mulesoft Inc (MULE) April 27th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Tyrone Williams Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Cisco Systems Inc. bought a new position in shares of Mulesoft Inc (NASDAQ:MULE) during the first quarter, according to its most recent filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). The institutional investor bought 1,489,078 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $36,229,000. Mulesoft makes up approximately 4.7% of Cisco Systems Inc.’s investment portfolio, making the stock its 3rd largest position. Cisco Systems Inc. owned about 5.52% of Mulesoft at the end of the most recent quarter. Separately, Strs Ohio acquired a new position in Mulesoft during the first quarter worth $121,000. Shares of Mulesoft Inc (NASDAQ:MULE) traded up 1.32% on Thursday, hitting $23.03. 304,049 shares of the stock were exchanged. The stock’s market cap is $620.89 million. The stock’s 50-day moving average is $23.14 and its 200-day moving average is $23.14. Mulesoft Inc has a 1-year low of $21.60 and a 1-year high of $25.92. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY NOTICE: This piece of content was originally posted by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are accessing this piece of content on another domain, it was illegally copied and republished in violation of US and international trademark and copyright legislation. The correct version of this piece of content can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/27/cisco-systems-inc-buys-shares-of-1489078-mulesoft-inc-mule.html. MULE has been the subject of a number of analyst reports. William Blair reaffirmed an “outperform” rating on shares of Mulesoft in a research report on Sunday. JPMorgan Chase & Co. initiated coverage on shares of Mulesoft in a research report on Tuesday, April 11th. They issued a “neutral” rating and a $25.00 target price for the company. Jefferies Group LLC initiated coverage on shares of Mulesoft in a research report on Tuesday, April 11th. They issued a “buy” rating and a $29.00 target price for the company. Barclays PLC initiated coverage on shares of Mulesoft in a research report on Tuesday, April 11th. They issued an “equal weight” rating and a $25.00 target price for the company. Finally, Bank of America Corp initiated coverage on shares of Mulesoft in a research report on Tuesday, April 11th. They issued a “neutral” rating and a $27.00 target price for the company. Five equities research analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and three have assigned a buy rating to the company’s stock. Mulesoft presently has a consensus rating of “Hold” and a consensus target price of $26.00. In other news, major shareholder Brookside Capital Partners Fun sold 10,855 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Tuesday, April 4th. The shares were sold at an average price of $23.85, for a total value of $258,891.75. The sale was disclosed in a filing with the SEC, which is accessible through the SEC website. Also, major shareholder Adage Capital Partners Gp, L.L sold 25,000 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Friday, March 17th. The stock was sold at an average price of $25.06, for a total transaction of $626,500.00. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Insiders sold a total of 297,155 shares of company stock worth $6,965,843 in the last 90 days. Mulesoft Company Profile MuleSoft, Inc is engaged in providing a software platform that connects a range of technologies. The Company enables organizations to manage and secure the flow of data between all systems in the enterprise. The Company offers organizations to create agile infrastructures. The Company has developed Anypoint Platform. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding MULE? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Mulesoft Inc (NASDAQ:MULE). Receive News & Ratings for Mulesoft Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Mulesoft Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Judge Uses Comment by President Trump in Ruling Fight for Border Wall Approaches in Attempt to Avoid Shutdown President Trump Attempting To Repeal ACA Again Vice President Pence Says North Korea Should Not Test U.S. Resolve Trump’s Back and Forth on Economics © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact

Bloomberg the Company & Its ProductsBloomberg Anywhere Remote LoginBloomberg Anywhere LoginBloomberg Terminal Demo Request Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Philanthropy & Engagement Bloomberg London Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Execution & Order Management Data & Content Financial Data Management Integration & Distribution Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps Bloomberg Briefs News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Philanthropy & Engagement Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Bloomberg London Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps Bloomberg Briefs News Bureaus Media Services Advertising Bloomberg Media Distribution Bloomberg Live Conferences Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Execution & Order Management Data & Content Financial Data Management Integration & Distribution Bloomberg Tradebook Enterprise Products Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center MENU Homepage Markets Stocks Currencies Commodities Rates + Bonds Economics Magazine Benchmark Watchlist Economic Calendar Tech U.S. Global Startups Cybersecurity Digital Media Bloomberg Technology TV Hello World Studio 1.0 Pursuits Cars & Bikes Style & Grooming Spend Watches & Gadgets Food & Drinks Travel Real Estate Art & Design Brilliant Ideas Politics Global Risk Briefing How We’ll Know if Trump Is Making America Great Again Tracking Trump’s Web of Conflicts The Inauguration of Donald J. Trump On the March in Trump’s Capital Opinion View Gadfly Businessweek Subscribe Cover Stories Opening Remarks Etc Features 85th Anniversary Issue Behind The Cover More Climate Changed Video Series: Ventures Graphics Billionaires Game Plan Small Business Personal Finance Inspire GO The David Rubenstein Show Sponsored Content Bloomberg About The Company Sign In Sign In Subscribe Photographer: William West/AFP via Getty Images Mexican Peso, Rupiah Carry-Trade Burnished by Waning Volatility by Masaki Kondo More stories by Masaki Kondo and Yumi Teso More stories by Yumi Teso April 27, 2017, 5:00 PM EDT Peso, rupiah most attractive of 26 peers in Bloomberg analysis Gauge of emerging-market carry trades has gained 5% in 2017 Sliding volatility in global currency markets is increasing the allure of carry trades and the most appealing targets are the Mexican peso and Indonesian rupiah, according to a Bloomberg analysis. A JPMorgan & Chase Co. gauge of global foreign-exchange volatility dropped to 8.2 percent on Tuesday, the lowest level since November 2014, and down from as high as 12.5 percent in February 2016. An index of carry-trade returns from eight developing nations against the dollar has risen five percent this year, set for its biggest annual gain since 2012. “The current low volatility is good for high-yielding currencies and assets,” said Takahide Irimura, an economist in Tokyo at Mitsubishi UFJ Kokusai Asset Management Co., which oversees the equivalent of $114 billion. “Investors look at how much carry they can get after adjusting for volatility and also ensure it’s not too expensive to enter a trade.” In a carry trade, investors typically borrow in developed nations to tap into higher interest rates abroad, earning the spread between the two. The risk is currency moves will wipe out profits. The strategy has been a bright spot for investors amid a global hunt for yields. Higher interest rates and appreciation in emerging-market currencies against the dollar have garnered carry returns of 11 percent for the peso and 3.1 percent for the rupiah this year. To be sure, the difference in borrowing costs alone isn’t enough for traders to close their eyes to political events. The peso, for instance, has been on a roller-coaster ride since Donald Trump won the U.S. election. It fell to record lows earlier before Trump’s inauguration on fears he would undo the trade pact that transformed Latin America’s second-largest economy into an export powerhouse, only to rebound sharply as it looked like those concerns were overdone. Nafta About-Face On Thursday, the peso and Canada’s dollar jumped after Trump said he wasn’t going to quit Nafta at this time, just a day after reports his administration plan to undo the accord. The flip-flop pushed the peso up 1 percent, recouping most its 1.7 percent loss the day before. Bloomberg’s analysis ranked 26 developed and emerging markets in terms of a carry-to-risk ratio that compares interest-rate differentials with implied currency volatility.  The carry-to-risk ratios for the Mexican peso and Indonesian rupiah show the greatest premium over their five-year average among the currencies analyzed. A separate measure shows the two are not overstretched, being more undervalued than their average since 2012. Methodology The carry-to-risk ratio is computed by subtracting the U.S. dollar’s three-month deposit rate from that of the local currency, and dividing that by three-month implied volatility. PPP Valuation refers to a deviation of the spot exchange rate from an equilibrium rate implied by purchasing-power parity. PPP data are from the International Monetary Fund. The analysis covers the 26 currencies that are either members of the Group of 10, JPMorgan Chase & Co’s Emerging Market Currency Index or Asia Dollar Index. Half of the currencies have lower deposit rates than the U.S. dollar. The Chilean peso is excluded owing to a lack of comparable data. Z-Score Carry to Risk 5-Year Average Standard Deviation MXN 2.4550 0.4185 0.2670 0.0617 IDR 2.0956 0.8654 0.5993 0.1270 PHP 1.1818 0.5792 0.2305 0.2950 TRY 0.4984 0.8461 0.7789 0.1348 RUB 0.3392 0.6776 0.6253 0.1540 ZAR 0.2501 0.3685 0.3359 0.1303 Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal. LEARN MORE Most Read Jeff Bezos Is Just $5 Billion Away From Being the World's Richest Person With Secret Airship, Sergey Brin Also Wants to Fly Why Getting Fired Is Worse Than Divorce Under Armour Loses Whatever Swagger It Had Left Amazon Extends Growth Streak, Unfazed by Lavish Spending Terms of Service Trademarks Privacy Policy ©2017 Bloomberg L.P. All Rights Reserved Careers Made in NYC Advertise Ad Choices Website Feedback Help
RecomN - Local Services| About Us| E-Paper| Search| MOBILE KLIK UNTUK PROJEKMMO 点击M中文网 Facebook Twitter RSS Last updated Friday, April 28, 2017 3:00 pm GMT+8 Kuala Lumpur 29°C, Mostly Cloudy MMOTV News Malaysia World Money Life Showbiz Opinion Sports Eat/Drink Travel Read Tech/Gadgets Drive Gallery Money Airlines plummet after American’s ‘worrying precedent’ on pay Friday April 28, 2017 09:28 AM GMT+8 ICYMI World Bank report: Pemandu biggest govt ‘delivery unit’ globally All eyes on Philippines’ gum-chewing, cursing Duterte Mourinho angry at ‘savvy’ Aguero over Fellaini red card The Edit: Check out these new TV spots for ‘Pirates of the Caribbean 5’ Advertisement More stories                Tools Increase Text Decrease Text Reset Text Print Article Doug Parker (left), then chairman and CEO of US Airways, and Thomas Horton, then chairman, president and CEO of American Airlines speak during a news conference to announce the merger of the two airlines February 14, 2013 in Texas. — AFP picNEW YORK, April 28 — American Airlines Group Inc sent industry stocks reeling after unexpectedly granting pay raises to pilots and flight attendants — a move that weakened the case that carriers are poised to generate steady profits. The pay bumps will add US$930 million (RM4.04 billion) in costs through 2019, American said. Chief Executive Officer Doug Parker reversed his earlier opposition to such mid-contract increases after months of pressure from employees who argued they were falling behind counterparts at rival carriers. Stepped-up compensation at American is fuelling doubts about airlines’ ability to avoid spiralling costs and cash in on industry consolidation that’s supposed to lead to steady returns after decades of boom and bust. Berkshire Hathaway Inc, billionaire Warren Buffett’s company, became one of the biggest shareholders in American and its rivals last year, rewarding Parker’s efforts to woo investors with the promise of a new era for airlines. The compensation action “establishes a worrying precedent, in our view, both for American and the industry,” Jamie Baker, an analyst at JPMorgan Chase & Co, said in a note yesterday. “In our minds, this is a seminal event, and represents the first credible potential blow to our long-held ‘it’s different this time’ investment thesis.” Higher pay could reduce American’s 2017 earnings per share by 29 cents and 2018 results by 46 cents, said Baker. He cut his recommendation on American to neutral from overweight. American tumbled 7 per cent to US$43.17 at 12.17pm in New York after dropping as much as 8.6 per cent for the biggest intraday decline in 10 months. A Bloomberg index of US airlines fell as much as 4.3 per cent, the most since Jan 30. Customer service Parker said the pay raises would lead to better customer service and improve the airline’s fortunes in the long term. The CEO has struggled to improve a long history of strained management-union relations at Fort Worth, Texas-based American since assuming control of the airline after its 2013 merger with US Airways. “It’s a move that might surprise or even dismay some of you because it adds costs to the airline, but we couldn’t be more convicted about doing it,” he told investors and analysts on a conference call after announcing earnings. “This increase in our near-term expenses in no way changes our view about our long-term prospects.” American isn’t the only carrier wrestling with higher expenses. Southwest Airlines Co’s costs jumped as higher wage rates took effect for pilots and flight attendants under contracts that were ratified last year. The company is also investing in a new reservation system. ‘Intensely focused’ Costs for each seat flown a mile climbed 6.9 per cent even after excluding the effect of oil, special items and profit-sharing, the Dallas-based carrier said in a statement. That was at the high end of the company’s forecast. “We remain intensely focused on controlling costs,” Southwest CEO Gary Kelly said in the statement. He said the pressures should “abate dramatically” later this year. Southwest fell 3.3 per cent to US$55.07. An earlier decline of as much as 4.3 per cent was the biggest intraday slide since November. Investors were probably disappointed by Southwest’s cost outlook on higher employee wages and fuel prices and its lack of progress in improving average fares, said Logan Purk, an analyst at Edward Jones. “Those combined are a bit too much of a headwind for Southwest to offset,” he said in an interview. Pricing gains Cost pressures are increasing at American just as it’s finally strengthening its grip on fares. Revenue for each seat flown a mile, a proxy for pricing power, will rise 3 per cent to 5 per cent in the current quarter, the carrier said in a statement Thursday. That would be the third straight gain in the benchmark measure as American emerges from the aftermath of a fare war that erupted in 2015. American reported first-quarter adjusted earnings of 61 cents a share, topping the 57-cent average of analyst estimates compiled by Bloomberg. Sales were US$9.62 billion, in line with estimates. — Bloomberg                MORE ON MMOTV Most Viewed Now Week Standard Chartered rolls out 20-week maternity leave in Malaysia Saudis, oil majors discuss gas investments ahead of giant IPO A US$130b manager sells Singtel as competition intensifies Philippines to investors: Look at spending spree, not drugs war Airlines plummet after American's 'worrying precedent' on pay Saudis, oil majors discuss gas investments ahead of giant IPO Petronas Dagangan registers record profit in 34 years Why are global players chasing Proton? Petronas denies selling stake in US$1b Miri offshore project 1MDB, IPIC settle debt dispute Most Watched Now Week Reuters Video: Cast and crew of ‘The Beguiled’ discuss the remake See this new ‘Wonder Woman’ TV spot Reuters Video: United Airlines settles with Dr David Dao, says CNBC Reuters Video: Cast and crew of ‘The Beguiled’ discuss the remake Reuters Video: Thai man murders baby, commits suicide on Facebook Live NYT Video: Food of the gods — ambrosia cake Related Articles American Airlines apologises for onboard clash over stroller Paris under siege: American Airlines delays Paris flights; United operates as planned Advertisement MMO Instagram Tweets by @themmailonline Tweets by @themmailonline MMOTV News Malaysia World Money Life Showbiz Opinion Sports Eat/Drink Travel Read Tech/Gadgets Drive Gallery Copyright © 2017 Malay Mail Online About Us | Contact Us | Policies | Search | Archive | E-Paper | Mobile | ProjekMMO | RecomN - Local Services
null
Skip to main content Classic 105 East FM Kiss 100 Radio Jambo Mpasho Friday, April 28, 2017 Home Latest News Devolved Corruption Off Beat Pictorial The Conversation World Today's Paper Corridors of Power Politics Profile Regional Central Coast Nairobi North Eastern Nyanza Rift Valley Western Business Commentary Aly Khan Andrea Bohnstedt Chris Harrison James Mbugua Karen Kandie Features Property Sport Chess - B & W Gun Point Radull Predicts Opinion Alex Awiti Gwynne Dyer Hassan Ole Naado John Githongo Koigi Wamwere Miguna Miguna Moses Kuria Ngunjiri Wambugu Njonjo Kihuria Okech Kendo Patrick Gathara Project Syndicate Wycliffe Muga Yash Ghai Health Star Life Big Interview Columnist 5-Minute Interview Ask Valentine Diary of a Mum Family Law Medic's View Mutoko on Monday Parenting The Extreme Side Fashion Feature Agriculture Education Science & Environment Technology Society Asian Scene Just Bollywood Word Is Weekend Sasa Bushman Adventures G-Spot Love Matters Nairobi Living Samantha Chronicles The Last Round Siasa Katiba Corner Classified Cars Electronics Home & Garden Jobs Kids Pets Property Services Videos Sections...HomeLatest News - Devolved Corruption - Off Beat - Pictorial - The Conversation - WorldToday's Paper - Corridors of Power - Politics Profile - RegionalBusiness - Commentary - Features - Property Sport - Chess - B & W - Gun Point - Radull PredictsOpinion - Alex Awiti - Gwynne Dyer - Hassan Ole Naado - John Githongo - Koigi Wamwere - Miguna Miguna - Moses Kuria - Ngunjiri Wambugu - Njonjo Kihuria - Okech Kendo - Patrick Gathara - Project Syndicate - Wycliffe Muga - Yash GhaiHealthStar Life - Big Interview - Columnist - Fashion - Feature - Society - Word IsWeekend - Sasa - SiasaClassified - Cars - Electronics - Home & Garden - Jobs - Kids - Pets - Property - Services Videos Home Business Local Facebook Twitter G+ Instagram YouTube RSS More firms cut Kenya’s 2017 growth prospects Apr. 28, 2017, 12:15 am By CONSTANT MUNDA @mundaconstant World Bank Group President Jim Yong Kim (L) confers with IMF Managing Director Christine Lagarde prior to the start of the Development Committee Plenary, as part of the IMF and World Bank's 2017 Annual Spring Meetings, in Washington, U.S., April 22, 2017. REUTERs Facebook Twitter Google+ WhatsApp Email World’s leading banks, think-tanks and consultancies have joined the queue in downgrading the country’s growth outlook for 2017, citing slowdown in private sector credit and dampening business sentiment ahead of August polls. A consensus growth projection from 12 global institutions shows the country’s economy is likely to expand by 5.4 per cent, a slower growth than 5.8 per cent last year. The firms are JPMorgan of the US ( 4.9 per cent), HSBC of UK ( 5.0 per cent), Standard Chartered Bank ( 4.5 per cent), Barclays Capital ( 5.7 per cent) and New York-based brokerage firm Citigroup Global Markets ( 5.2 per cent). Others are Fitch Ratings-owned BMI Research ( 5.6 per cent), consultancy firm Capital Economics of UK ( 5.5 per cent), Washington-headquartered Frontier Strategy ( 4.6 per cent), Economist Intelligence Unit ( 5.5 per cent) and credit insurance firm Euler Hermes of France ( 6.5 per cent). Oxford Economics, the Oxford University’s economic forecasting arm, sees Kenya growing by 6.4 per cent while Euromonitor International, a London-headquartered research firm, projects a 5.6 per cent growth. “GDP growth is expected to slow this year, as the interest rate cap continues to choke business investment,” economists at FocusEconomics, the Barcelona-based macroeconomic analysis firm, said in a consensus report. “In addition, political uncertainty around the August presidential election could dampen business sentiment.” The analysts said last year’s growth of 5.8 per cent was largely supported by external sector. Import bill reduced due to low crude oil prices while exports continued to grow, though at a slower pace, denoting demand in foreign markets, they said. “This offset weaker domestic demand, as both private and government consumption slowed and fixed investment swung to contraction, with the latter trend aggravated by the government’s decision to cap interest rates in September,” FocusEconomics said. The powerful Bretton Woods institutions –the World Bank Group and the International Monetary Fund – have piled pressure on the government to scrap rate cap to spur domestic demand, which has traditionally supported growth. “Although the adverse effects of the controls are manageable in the near term, if maintained, they could potentially pose a risk to financial stability,” IMF deputy managing director and acting chair Tao Zhang said in a statement on January 26. Thank you for participating in discussions on The Star, Kenya. Note that: Unwarranted personal abuse and defamatory statements will be deleted. Strong personal criticism is acceptable if justified by facts and arguments. Deviation from points of discussion may lead to deletion of comments. View the discussion thread. Video Vault Poll of the day Most Popular 1 Is the ‘someone’ who wanted Kabogo out in the cold Ruto? 2 Sonko beats Peter Kenneth to secure slot in Nairobi governor race 3 49% NASA supporters back Raila-Kalonzo pair 4 Mechanic, cook defy odds to clinch JP tickets in primaries 5 [VIDEO] How Wetangula, Rutto made Raila the Nasa flagbearer 6 Raila named NASA flag bearer, Kalonzo deputy in August poll line up 7 Corridors of Power 8 How the Star remained top on NASA’s journey 9 Sakaja, Shebesh win Jubilee primaries, Omanga supporters protest 10 I will lead you to the promised land – Raila Must read How the Star remained top on NASA’s journey Mechanic, cook defy odds to clinch JP tickets in primaries 49% NASA supporters back Raila-Kalonzo pair I will lead you to the promised land – Raila Is the ‘someone’ who wanted Kabogo out in the cold Ruto? Bishop Wanjiru denied bail, detained five days over Jubilee poll chaos Latest News Wangui Ng'ang'a arrested for causing disturbance after losing women rep JP primaries Bishop Wanjiru denied bail, detained five days over Jubilee poll chaos Sakaja, Shebesh win Jubilee primaries, Omanga supporters protest Sonko beats Peter Kenneth to secure slot in Nairobi governor race Kisumu doctors down tools over payment stalemate Nyeri sends incumbents packing as Jubilee primaries close Popular in classifieds POPULAR SEARCHES IN CLASSIFIEDS Accounting jobs in kenya Cars for sale in Kenya Casual Jobs in Kenya Cheap cars for sale in Kenya Clerical Jobs in Kenya Driver Jobs in Nairobi Electrical engineering Jobs in Kenya Graphic design Jobs in Kenya Jobs form 4 leavers Receptionist Jobs in Nairobi Popular in Latest news 1 Sonko, Kenneth set for bruising battle for Nairobi Jubilee ticket 2 Jubilee tribunal to hear aspirants' complaints from Thursday 3 [VIDEO] Bishop Wanjiru arrested after storming City Park polling station Partner sites Classic 105 East FM Kiss 100 Radio Jambo Mpasho Follow The Star, Kenya Facebook Twitter G+ Instagram YouTube RSS Online services Mobile App (Android) Mobile App (iOS) The Star, Classifieds The Star, Health The Star, e-Paper © 2017 The Star, Kenya. All Rights Reserved
Want up-to-the- minute news? Sign up for HAMODIA'S Breaking News Emails* *You can select which emails you'd like to receive. Go × Home | Archive | Advertise | Subscribe | About Us | Contact Us א' אייר תשע"ז  -  ט״ז בעומר   |   Thursday, April 27, 2017 Hamodia - The daily newspaper of torah jewry Subscribe to the Hamodia print edition Sections Business Tech World Regional Israel Community National Politics Op-Ed Features Letters Classifieds Business American’s CEO Sides with Airline Workers Against Wall Street American’s CEO Sides with Airline Workers Against Wall Street Thursday, April 27, 2017 at 7:21 pm | א' אייר תשע"ז American Airlines CEO Doug Parker. (AP Photo/Tony Gutierrez) (Bloomberg) - In the three years since he merged US Airways with American Airlines, Chief Executive Officer Doug Parker has been a preacher of sorts, arguing that it’s a new world order for U.S. carriers and that the bad old days are over. Airline investors, which now include billionaire Warren Buffett, have been leery of this optimism, given the industry’s history of good times begetting bad behavior on worker wages and flight capacity. The latest battle between labor and capital is in Texas, with American Airlines Group spooking Wall Street yet again by increasing pilot and flight attendant salaries an average of 6.5 percent, or by a total of $930 million through 2019. “This is a seminal event, and represents the first, credible potential blow to our long-held ‘it’s different this time’ investment thesis,” JPMorgan Chase analyst Jamie Baker wrote Thursday in a client note, calling himself “troubled” by the airline’s “wealth transfer of nearly $1 billion” to labor groups. The bank cut its recommendation on American to neutral from overweight. Responding to skeptical analysts the day after the pay raise, Parker described the higher wages as a correction to years of “incredibly difficult times” for airline employees. He also adopted a different twist in his long debate with investors: Every bad thing airline owners have feared since the Great Recession has actually happened and profits are still strong. “All the things that I think people were worried about, we’ve done, and we still have a business that is producing returns like it’s never seen before,” Parker said Thursday, citing a glut of new flying that occurred when fuel prices plunged in 2015, labor wage hikes, and volatility in fuel prices, which began rising last year. The effort is the airline’s way of responding to employees who have been critical of the large wage gap between American’s rates and those at Delta Air Lines and United Continental, both of which have newer contracts with their pilots and flight attendants. Those contracts had put American’s pilots about 8 percent below the prevailing industry rate and flight attendants about 4 percent lower, according to a letter Parker and President Robert Isom sent employees on Wednesday. “As a service organization, investments in our team are investments in our product,” Parker said Thursday. American shares fell 5.8 percent in afternoon trading and are down 6.5 percent so far this year. The American flight attendants’ contract can be amended in December 2019, with the pilots’ deal coming open for negotiations the following month. Parker said the pay increases were merely an acceleration of higher costs that were inevitable from the next contracts. “This investment is going to make a difference in our service,” Parker said Thursday, with the equalized salaries helping Fort Worth-based American close a revenue gap it suffers with other carriers. “And as that happens, all of you will be the beneficiaries,” he said. Average union employee pay has increased by more than 39 percent since the airline’s December 2013 merger, American said. It’s also worth noting that in April 2015, Parker asked directors to change his compensation entirely to American stock, giving him more personal incentive to drive the share price higher. Given the industry’s structural changes, Parker has said that American is likely to earn about $5 billion annually before tax, as a long-term baseline, with a $2 billion variance on either side for years that are either weak or strong. His larger point is the consistent black ink on the income statement: a roughly $3 billion profit during a down year that once would have meant red ink. Filed under: Airline Print Email Gmail Related More Flight Attendants Take United’s Buyout Than Airline Had Expected American Airlines Employees to Get 4 Percent Pay Raises; Pilot Contract Goes to Binding Arbitration American Airlines Workers Vote on Tail Paint Jobs Airline Merger Could Divide Labor Union Ranks American Airlines-US Airways Is Still a Work in Progress More in Business Durable Goods Advance Modest 0.7 Percent in March Trump Tax Cut Could Impact Israeli Companies Dramatically U.S. Stock Indexes Flitter in Mixed Day for Markets Shekel Reels From U.S. Tax Cut News Average 30-Year Mortgage Rate Rises to 4.03 Percent OP-ED Trump Is Skillfully Navigating Washington’s Budget Realities Salted Bagels With Lox and Cream Cheese The Real Zachor The Shabbos Crisis Homicide Prevention Reestablishing Religious Liberty With North Korea, We do Have Cards to Play A Wall Too High Forget the Critics, Mr. President — Your First 100 Days Have Been Just Fine A Penny a Jew What Would the Kedoshim Have Wanted? Eternal Joy Removing Assad Is Key in Diminishing Terror Threat The Art of Middle East Peacemaking Features Nichum Aveilim 1 Iyar/April 27 Ice Boxed A Healthy Lifestyle Won’t Guarantee a Long Life. But It’s Worth the Effort Six Foods to Eat for a Mood Boost Editorial Cartoon – April 27, 2017 Sudoku – April 27, 2017 Supersize This Day In History 1 Iyar/April 27 Nichum Aveilim 30 Nisan/April 26 This Day In History 30 Nisan/April 26 Geo-Metrical Sudoku – April 26, 2017 This Day In History 29 Nisan/April 25 The Odd Side – April 25, 2017 Weather » Brooklyn 63°F Overcast See more locations » Stocks » NASDAQ 6,048.94 +23.71 (+0.39%) S&P 500 2,388.77 +1.32 (+0.06%) See more stocks » Currency » EUR 0.9197 GBP 0.7749 ILS 3.6312 CHF 0.9940 See more currencies » Got a news tip, picture or story to share? Contribute Sections Business Markets Technology World Regional Israel Community National Op-Ed Features Resources Weather Currency Stocks Zmanim Shiurim Simchas Readers Subscribe Letters Archives Classifieds Company Advertise Privacy Policy Terms of Use About Us Contact Us ➧
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance JetBlue Airways Co. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for JetBlue Airways Co. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News OSI Systems, Inc. (OSIS) Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research to Buy JetBlue Airways Co. (JBLU) Price Target Increased to $31.00 by Analysts at Imperial Capital Plains GP Holdings LP (PAGP) Downgraded to Hold at Zacks Investment Research Pinnacle Entertainment Inc (PNK) Downgraded to “Hold” at Zacks Investment Research Zynga’s (ZNGA) “Sector Weight” Rating Reaffirmed at Pacific Crest Somewhat Favorable Press Coverage Somewhat Likely to Affect Tiptree (TIPT) Stock Price Positive Press Coverage Somewhat Unlikely to Impact Time (TIME) Share Price Positive Press Coverage Very Likely to Affect Tibco Software (TIBX) Share Price Somewhat Favorable Press Coverage Somewhat Likely to Affect TCP Capital Corp (TCPC) Stock Price Syngenta AG (SYT) Receiving Somewhat Favorable Press Coverage, Report Shows Swift Transportation (SWFT) Receives Daily Coverage Optimism Score of 0.17 Sensient Technologies (SXT) Getting Somewhat Positive Media Coverage, Report Shows Suffolk Bancorp (SUBK) Earning Somewhat Favorable Press Coverage, AlphaOne Reports Firsthand Technology Value Fund (SVVC) Earns Coverage Optimism Score of 0.31 Domino's Pizza, Inc. (DPZ) Announces Quarterly Dividend of $0.46 SunOpta, Inc. (STKL) Receives “Buy” Rating from BMO Capital Markets Miller Howard Investments Inc. NY Acquires 13,844 Shares of OGE Energy Corp. (OGE) Navios Maritime Holdings Inc. (NM) Upgraded to Buy by Zacks Investment Research NGL Energy Partners LP (NGL) Lowered to Sell at Zacks Investment Research Nordson Co. (NDSN) Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research to “Buy” JetBlue Airways Co. (JBLU) Price Target Increased to $31.00 by Analysts at Imperial Capital April 27th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Latisha Jones Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Finance Tweet JetBlue Airways Co. (NASDAQ:JBLU) had its price target lifted by Imperial Capital from $29.00 to $31.00 in a report released on Wednesday. Imperial Capital currently has an outperform rating on the transportation company’s stock. Other research analysts have also recently issued reports about the stock. Vetr cut shares of JetBlue Airways from a strong-buy rating to a buy rating and set a $24.64 target price on the stock. in a research report on Tuesday. Wolfe Research cut shares of JetBlue Airways from a market perform rating to an underperform rating in a research report on Friday, January 27th. Zacks Investment Research raised shares of JetBlue Airways from a strong sell rating to a hold rating in a research report on Friday, March 17th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. raised shares of JetBlue Airways from a neutral rating to an overweight rating and boosted their target price for the stock from $21.42 to $27.00 in a research report on Wednesday, January 25th. They noted that the move was a valuation call. Finally, Cowen and Company cut shares of JetBlue Airways from an outperform rating to a market perform rating and set a $23.00 target price on the stock. in a research report on Wednesday, January 4th. One equities research analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, seven have issued a hold rating, four have given a buy rating and one has issued a strong buy rating to the company’s stock. The stock currently has an average rating of Hold and an average price target of $24.58. Shares of JetBlue Airways (NASDAQ:JBLU) traded down 0.49% on Wednesday, reaching $22.14. 9,280,807 shares of the company’s stock traded hands. The company has a 50 day moving average of $20.63 and a 200-day moving average of $20.30. The stock has a market capitalization of $7.46 billion, a PE ratio of 9.96 and a beta of 0.26. JetBlue Airways has a 52 week low of $14.76 and a 52 week high of $23.15. JetBlue Airways (NASDAQ:JBLU) last released its quarterly earnings data on Tuesday, April 25th. The transportation company reported $0.25 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, topping the consensus estimate of $0.24 by $0.01. JetBlue Airways had a net margin of 11.31% and a return on equity of 20.64%. The company earned $1.60 billion during the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $1.62 billion. During the same period in the previous year, the firm earned $0.61 earnings per share. JetBlue Airways’s revenue for the quarter was down .7% on a year-over-year basis. Equities research analysts forecast that JetBlue Airways will post $1.79 earnings per share for the current year. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION NOTICE: “JetBlue Airways Co. (JBLU) Price Target Increased to $31.00 by Analysts at Imperial Capital” was first published by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are accessing this story on another site, it was stolen and reposted in violation of US & international trademark and copyright law. The original version of this story can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/27/jetblue-airways-co-jblu-price-target-increased-to-31-00-by-analysts-at-imperial-capital.html. In related news, EVP James G. Hnat sold 9,127 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction on Monday, March 13th. The shares were sold at an average price of $20.41, for a total value of $186,282.07. Following the sale, the executive vice president now directly owns 26,932 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $549,682.12. The transaction was disclosed in a filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is available at this hyperlink. Also, CEO Robin Hayes sold 2,000 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction on Wednesday, March 1st. The shares were sold at an average price of $20.18, for a total transaction of $40,360.00. Following the completion of the sale, the chief executive officer now directly owns 386,118 shares in the company, valued at $7,791,861.24. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Insiders sold 18,247 shares of company stock worth $372,820 over the last ninety days. 0.70% of the stock is currently owned by corporate insiders. A number of hedge funds have recently bought and sold shares of the stock. Essex Investment Management Co. LLC bought a new stake in JetBlue Airways during the first quarter valued at about $1,241,000. Investment Counselors of Maryland LLC bought a new stake in JetBlue Airways during the first quarter valued at about $197,000. Deltec Asset Management LLC bought a new stake in JetBlue Airways during the first quarter valued at about $453,000. Breton Hill Capital Ltd. bought a new stake in JetBlue Airways during the first quarter valued at about $239,000. Finally, State of New Jersey Common Pension Fund D boosted its stake in JetBlue Airways by 11.8% in the first quarter. State of New Jersey Common Pension Fund D now owns 3,075,000 shares of the transportation company’s stock valued at $63,376,000 after buying an additional 325,000 shares in the last quarter. 80.57% of the stock is currently owned by hedge funds and other institutional investors. JetBlue Airways Company Profile JetBlue Airways Corporation is a passenger carrier company. The Company provides air transportation services across the United States, the Caribbean and Latin America. Its segments include Domestic, and Caribbean & Latin America. It operates various kinds of aircrafts, including Airbus A321, Airbus A320 and Embraer E190. Receive News & Ratings for JetBlue Airways Co. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for JetBlue Airways Co. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Judge Uses Comment by President Trump in Ruling Fight for Border Wall Approaches in Attempt to Avoid Shutdown President Trump Attempting To Repeal ACA Again Vice President Pence Says North Korea Should Not Test U.S. Resolve Trump’s Back and Forth on Economics © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Navios Maritime Partners L.P. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Navios Maritime Partners L.P. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Mattel, Inc. (MAT) Lowered to Strong Sell at Zacks Investment Research T-Mobile US Inc (TMUS) Given New $65.00 Price Target at Instinet Clearbridge Energy MLP Total Return Fund (CTR) Receiving Somewhat Positive News Coverage, Report Shows Analysts Anticipate Navios Maritime Partners L.P. (NMM) to Announce -$0.03 EPS First Mid-Illinois Bancshares (FMBH) Receives Daily News Impact Score of 0.11 First of Long Island Corp (FLIC) Receives News Impact Score of 0.31 Taubman Centers, Inc. (TCO) Issues FY17 Earnings Guidance Check Point Software Technologies Ltd. (CHKP) Announces Earnings Results CME Group Inc (CME) Announces Earnings Results Aac Technologies H (AACAY) Receives Average Rating of “Hold” from Analysts Paragon Commercial Corp (PBNC) Given Consensus Rating of “Buy” by Brokerages NXP Semiconductors NV (NXPI) Stake Cut by ARP Americas LLC Investors Buy EQT Midstream Partners LP (EQM) on Weakness After Earnings Miss State of New Jersey Common Pension Fund D Takes Position in KeyCorp (KEY) State of New Jersey Common Pension Fund D Sells 13,500 Shares of Boston Properties, Inc. (BXP) Novo Nordisk A/S (NVO) Stake Increased by Parsec Financial Management Inc. Cogent Communications Holdings Inc (CCOI) Position Held by State of New Jersey Common Pension Fund D Dollar General Corp. (DG) Shares Bought by Parsec Financial Management Inc. Varian Medical Systems, Inc. (VAR) Position Decreased by QV Investors Inc. Thor Industries, Inc. (THO) Shares Bought by State of New Jersey Common Pension Fund D Analysts Anticipate Navios Maritime Partners L.P. (NMM) to Announce -$0.03 EPS April 27th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Latisha Jones Filed Under: Consensus Rating Articles - Finance Tweet Brokerages expect that Navios Maritime Partners L.P. (NYSE:NMM) will report earnings of ($0.03) per share for the current quarter, according to Zacks Investment Research. Four analysts have made estimates for Navios Maritime Partners L.P.’s earnings, with the highest EPS estimate coming in at $0.02 and the lowest estimate coming in at ($0.07). The company is scheduled to report its next earnings results on Thursday, May 11th. According to Zacks, analysts expect that Navios Maritime Partners L.P. will report full year earnings of ($0.03) per share for the current year, with EPS estimates ranging from ($0.13) to $0.14. For the next year, analysts expect that the firm will report earnings of $0.10 per share, with EPS estimates ranging from ($0.09) to $0.33. Zacks Investment Research’s EPS calculations are a mean average based on a survey of sell-side research analysts that that provide coverage for Navios Maritime Partners L.P.. Navios Maritime Partners L.P. (NYSE:NMM) last posted its quarterly earnings results on Tuesday, February 14th. The shipping company reported $0.09 earnings per share for the quarter, topping the Zacks’ consensus estimate of $0.01 by $0.08. Navios Maritime Partners L.P. had a negative net margin of 21.97% and a positive return on equity of 2.03%. The firm had revenue of $49.70 million for the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $46.53 million. During the same quarter in the previous year, the company earned $0.09 earnings per share. The business’s revenue was down 6.8% compared to the same quarter last year. Several research analysts have weighed in on NMM shares. Zacks Investment Research upgraded Navios Maritime Partners L.P. from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $2.25 price objective on the stock in a research report on Thursday. Stifel Nicolaus increased their price objective on Navios Maritime Partners L.P. from $1.50 to $1.75 and gave the stock a “hold” rating in a research report on Wednesday, February 15th. Finally, Citigroup Inc increased their price objective on Navios Maritime Partners L.P. from $2.00 to $2.25 and gave the stock a “neutral” rating in a research report on Tuesday. Hedge funds and other institutional investors have recently modified their holdings of the company. Renaissance Technologies LLC bought a new stake in Navios Maritime Partners L.P. during the fourth quarter worth $109,000. Two Sigma Investments LP raised its stake in Navios Maritime Partners L.P. by 98.8% in the fourth quarter. Two Sigma Investments LP now owns 185,507 shares of the shipping company’s stock worth $262,000 after buying an additional 92,209 shares in the last quarter. Sanders Morris Harris Inc. raised its stake in Navios Maritime Partners L.P. by 134.3% in the first quarter. Sanders Morris Harris Inc. now owns 282,650 shares of the shipping company’s stock worth $585,000 after buying an additional 162,000 shares in the last quarter. Finally, JPMorgan Chase & Co. raised its stake in Navios Maritime Partners L.P. by 29.6% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 559,225 shares of the shipping company’s stock worth $777,000 after buying an additional 127,684 shares in the last quarter. Institutional investors own 4.22% of the company’s stock. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION NOTICE: This piece was published by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are viewing this piece on another domain, it was illegally copied and reposted in violation of United States & international copyright law. The legal version of this piece can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/27/analysts-anticipate-navios-maritime-partners-l-p-nmm-to-announce-0-03-eps.html. Navios Maritime Partners L.P. (NYSE:NMM) traded up 3.47% during midday trading on Monday, reaching $2.09. 282,177 shares of the company’s stock were exchanged. The company has a 50 day moving average price of $2.12 and a 200 day moving average price of $1.73. Navios Maritime Partners L.P. has a 12 month low of $1.13 and a 12 month high of $2.94. The company’s market cap is $184.61 million. About Navios Maritime Partners L.P. Navios Maritime Partners L.P. is an international owner and operator of dry cargo and container vessels. The Company is engaged in the seaborne transportation services of a range of dry cargo commodities, including iron ore, coal, grain and fertilizer, and also containers, chartering its vessels under medium to long-term charters. Get a free copy of the Zacks research report on Navios Maritime Partners L.P. (NMM) For more information about research offerings from Zacks Investment Research, visit Zacks.com Receive News & Ratings for Navios Maritime Partners L.P. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Navios Maritime Partners L.P. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Judge Uses Comment by President Trump in Ruling Fight for Border Wall Approaches in Attempt to Avoid Shutdown President Trump Attempting To Repeal ACA Again Vice President Pence Says North Korea Should Not Test U.S. Resolve Trump’s Back and Forth on Economics © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance CNX Coal Resources LP - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for CNX Coal Resources LP with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News CNX Coal Resources LP (CNXC) Declares $0.51 Quarterly Dividend Flushing Financial Co. (FFIC) Upgraded by Sandler O’Neill to “Buy” Jack in the Box Inc. (JACK) Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research to “Buy” Trivago NV – (TRVG) Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research to Buy Southwest Bancorp, Inc. (OKSB) Upgraded to “Buy” by Sandler O’Neill Tivity Health Inc (TVTY) Upgraded to Buy by Zacks Investment Research Under Armour Inc (UAA) Downgraded to Buy at Vetr Inc. Scorpio Tankers Inc. (STNG) Announces Quarterly Earnings Results Old Dominion Freight Line (ODFL) Issues Earnings Results Microvision, Inc. (MVIS) Issues Quarterly Earnings Results Ciena Co. (CIEN) SVP Rick Hamilton Sells 526 Shares of Stock Sirius XM Holdings Inc. (SIRI) Issues Earnings Results, Hits Expectations SI Financial Group, Inc. (SIFI) Announces Quarterly Earnings Results Nichols plc’s (NICL) Hold Rating Reaffirmed at Shore Capital Genuine Parts Company (GPC) Stake Held by Supplemental Annuity Collective Trust of NJ Northeast Investment Management Has $273,000 Stake in Kellogg Company (K) Paragon Capital Management Ltd Takes Position in Medical Properties Trust, Inc. (MPW) Paragon Capital Management Ltd Buys Shares of 15,597 Lexington Realty Trust (LXP) Walker Greenbank plc’s (WGB) “Buy” Rating Reaffirmed at N+1 Singer 8,000 Shares in WestRock Co (WRK) Acquired by New Jersey Better Educational Savings Trust CNX Coal Resources LP (CNXC) Declares $0.51 Quarterly Dividend April 27th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Patrick Bannon Filed Under: Dividend Articles - Finance Tweet CNX Coal Resources LP (NYSE:CNXC) announced a quarterly dividend on Thursday, April 27th. Investors of record on Monday, May 8th will be given a dividend of 0.5125 per share by the energy company on Monday, May 15th. This represents a $2.05 annualized dividend and a dividend yield of 12.69%. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Thursday, May 4th. CNX Coal Resources (NYSE:CNXC) traded up 5.21% during midday trading on Thursday, hitting $16.15. 52,694 shares of the company traded hands. The firm has a market capitalization of $376.75 million, a PE ratio of 19.39 and a beta of 1.75. The stock’s 50-day moving average is $15.73 and its 200-day moving average is $17.37. CNX Coal Resources has a 12-month low of $7.55 and a 12-month high of $22.30. CNX Coal Resources (NYSE:CNXC) last posted its earnings results on Monday, January 30th. The energy company reported $0.41 earnings per share for the quarter, missing the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of $0.59 by $0.18. The firm earned $84.29 million during the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $77.60 million. CNX Coal Resources had a return on equity of 12.05% and a net margin of 7.69%. During the same quarter last year, the business posted $0.37 earnings per share. Analysts anticipate that CNX Coal Resources will post $1.85 EPS for the current fiscal year. TRADEMARK VIOLATION WARNING: This piece was first reported by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are reading this piece on another site, it was illegally copied and reposted in violation of international copyright & trademark legislation. The correct version of this piece can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/27/cnx-coal-resources-lp-cnxc-declares-0-51-quarterly-dividend.html. CNXC has been the subject of several research reports. JPMorgan Chase & Co. downgraded shares of CNX Coal Resources from an “overweight” rating to a “neutral” rating and set a $19.00 price objective for the company. in a research report on Friday, February 3rd. Jefferies Group LLC set a $22.00 price objective on shares of CNX Coal Resources and gave the stock a “buy” rating in a research report on Sunday, January 8th. Finally, Zacks Investment Research downgraded shares of CNX Coal Resources from a “hold” rating to a “sell” rating in a research report on Monday, April 3rd. Three analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and four have given a buy rating to the stock. CNX Coal Resources currently has a consensus rating of “Buy” and an average target price of $20.14. In related news, insider David M. Khani acquired 3,000 shares of the stock in a transaction dated Tuesday, March 7th. The stock was bought at an average price of $15.08 per share, with a total value of $45,240.00. Following the completion of the transaction, the insider now directly owns 13,000 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $196,040. The transaction was disclosed in a legal filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which can be accessed through this hyperlink. Also, insider Dan D. Sandman acquired 5,500 shares of the stock in a transaction dated Tuesday, February 7th. The shares were bought at an average cost of $17.97 per share, with a total value of $98,835.00. Following the transaction, the insider now directly owns 5,500 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $98,835. The disclosure for this purchase can be found here. About CNX Coal Resources CNX Coal Resources LP is a producer of high-British thermal units (Btu) thermal coal in the Northern Appalachian Basin and the eastern United States. It is engaged in the management and development of coal operations of CONSOL Energy Inc (CONSOL Energy) in Pennsylvania. It holds interest in, and operational control over, CONSOL Energy’s Pennsylvania Mining Complex, which consists of three underground mines and related infrastructure that produce high-Btu bituminous thermal coal that is sold primarily to electric utilities in the eastern United States. Receive News & Ratings for CNX Coal Resources LP Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for CNX Coal Resources LP and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Judge Uses Comment by President Trump in Ruling Fight for Border Wall Approaches in Attempt to Avoid Shutdown President Trump Attempting To Repeal ACA Again Vice President Pence Says North Korea Should Not Test U.S. Resolve Trump’s Back and Forth on Economics © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Aldermore Group PLC - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Aldermore Group PLC with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Energizer Holdings Inc (ENR) Receives $58.00 Average PT from Brokerages Volvo AB (VOLVY) Receives Consensus Recommendation of “Hold” from Analysts Customers Bancorp Inc (CUBI) Issues Quarterly Earnings Results Graco Inc. (GGG) Announces Earnings Results Aldermore Group PLC (ALD) Receives GBX 255.42 Average Target Price from Brokerages Inditex (IDEXY) Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research to Hold Stryker Co. (SYK) Given a $150.00 Price Target at Cowen and Company Essentra Plc (FLRAF) Downgraded to “Hold” at Zacks Investment Research Tesla’s (TSLA) Sell Rating Reaffirmed at Barclays PLC Somewhat Negative Media Coverage Somewhat Likely to Impact Comstock Mining (LODE) Share Price Somewhat Negative News Coverage Very Likely to Impact Nuance Communications (NUAN) Stock Price Somewhat Negative News Coverage Likely to Affect Novadaq Technologies (NVDQ) Share Price EPAM Systems (EPAM) Receiving Somewhat Negative Press Coverage, Report Shows Servicesource International Inc (SREV) Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research to Hold Kalmar Investments Inc. DE Decreases Stake in BioTelemetry, Inc. (BEAT) Humana Inc (HUM) Given New $200.00 Price Target at Cantor Fitzgerald Kalmar Investments Inc. DE Reduces Stake in Shutterfly, Inc. (SFLY) Methode Electronics Inc. (MEI) Position Decreased by Kalmar Investments Inc. DE Smart & Final Stores Inc (SFS) Stake Reduced by Kalmar Investments Inc. DE Kalmar Investments Inc. DE Sells 169,980 Shares of Exar Co. (EXAR) Aldermore Group PLC (ALD) Receives GBX 255.42 Average Target Price from Brokerages April 27th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Tyrone Williams Filed Under: Consensus Rating Articles - Finance Tweet Aldermore Group PLC (LON:ALD) has received a consensus recommendation of “Buy” from the fourteen research firms that are currently covering the firm. Six investment analysts have rated the stock with a hold recommendation and eight have assigned a buy recommendation to the company. The average 1 year price objective among brokerages that have updated their coverage on the stock in the last year is GBX 255.42 ($3.27). A number of research firms have commented on ALD. Peel Hunt reissued a “hold” rating on shares of Aldermore Group PLC in a report on Thursday, March 2nd. Credit Suisse Group AG reaffirmed a “neutral” rating and issued a GBX 210 ($2.68) price objective on shares of Aldermore Group PLC in a report on Tuesday, February 28th. BNP Paribas reaffirmed a “neutral” rating and issued a GBX 225 ($2.88) price objective on shares of Aldermore Group PLC in a report on Monday, January 9th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. lifted their price objective on Aldermore Group PLC from GBX 220 ($2.81) to GBX 250 ($3.20) and gave the stock a “neutral” rating in a report on Tuesday, January 17th. Finally, Deutsche Bank AG lifted their price objective on Aldermore Group PLC from GBX 257 ($3.29) to GBX 270 ($3.45) and gave the stock a “buy” rating in a report on Wednesday, March 15th. Aldermore Group PLC (LON:ALD) traded down 0.04% during midday trading on Monday, reaching GBX 250.00. The company’s stock had a trading volume of 850,559 shares. Aldermore Group PLC has a 12-month low of GBX 102.00 and a 12-month high of GBX 256.30. The firm’s market cap is GBX 861.85 million. The company’s 50-day moving average is GBX 229.14 and its 200 day moving average is GBX 216.46. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY WARNING: “Aldermore Group PLC (ALD) Receives GBX 255.42 Average Target Price from Brokerages” was originally posted by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are reading this report on another site, it was stolen and republished in violation of United States & international copyright legislation. The legal version of this report can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/27/aldermore-group-plc-ald-receives-gbx-255-42-average-target-price-from-brokerages.html. About Aldermore Group PLC Receive News & Ratings for Aldermore Group PLC Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Aldermore Group PLC and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Judge Uses Comment by President Trump in Ruling Fight for Border Wall Approaches in Attempt to Avoid Shutdown President Trump Attempting To Repeal ACA Again Vice President Pence Says North Korea Should Not Test U.S. Resolve Trump’s Back and Forth on Economics © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Volvo AB - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Volvo AB with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Energizer Holdings Inc (ENR) Receives $58.00 Average PT from Brokerages Volvo AB (VOLVY) Receives Consensus Recommendation of “Hold” from Analysts Customers Bancorp Inc (CUBI) Issues Quarterly Earnings Results Graco Inc. (GGG) Announces Earnings Results Aldermore Group PLC (ALD) Receives GBX 255.42 Average Target Price from Brokerages Inditex (IDEXY) Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research to Hold Stryker Co. (SYK) Given a $150.00 Price Target at Cowen and Company Essentra Plc (FLRAF) Downgraded to “Hold” at Zacks Investment Research Tesla’s (TSLA) Sell Rating Reaffirmed at Barclays PLC Somewhat Negative Media Coverage Somewhat Likely to Impact Comstock Mining (LODE) Share Price Somewhat Negative News Coverage Very Likely to Impact Nuance Communications (NUAN) Stock Price Somewhat Negative News Coverage Likely to Affect Novadaq Technologies (NVDQ) Share Price EPAM Systems (EPAM) Receiving Somewhat Negative Press Coverage, Report Shows Servicesource International Inc (SREV) Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research to Hold Kalmar Investments Inc. DE Decreases Stake in BioTelemetry, Inc. (BEAT) Humana Inc (HUM) Given New $200.00 Price Target at Cantor Fitzgerald Kalmar Investments Inc. DE Reduces Stake in Shutterfly, Inc. (SFLY) Methode Electronics Inc. (MEI) Position Decreased by Kalmar Investments Inc. DE Smart & Final Stores Inc (SFS) Stake Reduced by Kalmar Investments Inc. DE Kalmar Investments Inc. DE Sells 169,980 Shares of Exar Co. (EXAR) Volvo AB (VOLVY) Receives Consensus Recommendation of “Hold” from Analysts April 27th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Jeff Wilder Filed Under: Consensus Rating Articles - Finance Tweet Volvo AB (OTCMKTS:VOLVY) has received a consensus recommendation of “Hold” from the four analysts that are covering the stock. Two investment analysts have rated the stock with a sell recommendation and two have assigned a hold recommendation to the company. Separately, JPMorgan Chase & Co. raised Volvo AB from an “underweight” rating to a “neutral” rating in a report on Thursday, February 2nd. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY WARNING: “Volvo AB (VOLVY) Receives Consensus Recommendation of “Hold” from Analysts” was first published by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are accessing this news story on another site, it was illegally copied and reposted in violation of international trademark & copyright legislation. The correct version of this news story can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/27/volvo-ab-volvy-receives-consensus-recommendation-of-hold-from-analysts.html. Volvo AB Company Profile AB Volvo is the parent company of the Volvo Group. The Volvo Group is a manufacturer of trucks, buses, construction equipment, diesel engines, and marine and industrial engines. The Volvo Group also provides solutions for financing and service. Its segments include Trucks, Construction Equipment, Buses, Volvo Penta, Group functions & Other, and Financial Services. Receive News & Ratings for Volvo AB Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Volvo AB and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Judge Uses Comment by President Trump in Ruling Fight for Border Wall Approaches in Attempt to Avoid Shutdown President Trump Attempting To Repeal ACA Again Vice President Pence Says North Korea Should Not Test U.S. Resolve Trump’s Back and Forth on Economics © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Jump to main navigationJump to main content News Search News by eluta.ca Search Jobs at eluta.ca Jobs Login Register 18  Toronto Subscribe Help AdChoices Home News Opinion Business Investing Sports Life Arts Tech Drive Real Estate Portfolio Watchlist Markets Inside the Market Funds & ETFs Investment Ideas Personal Finance Retirement Number Cruncher Strategy Lab Carrick Talks Money Research Reports Home» Globe Investor» Investment Ideas American Airlines aircraft are parked at Ronald Reagan Washington National Airport in Washington, U.S., August 8, 2016. (Joshua Roberts/REUTERS) American Airlines aircraft are parked at Ronald Reagan Washington National Airport in Washington, U.S., August 8, 2016. (Joshua Roberts/REUTERS) Transportation Airline stocks drop on American wage increases Add to ... MARY SCHLANGENSTEIN DALLAS — Bloomberg News Published Thursday, Apr. 27, 2017 5:14PM EDT Last updated Thursday, Apr. 27, 2017 6:46PM EDT Comments Share via email Share on facebook Share on twitter Share on LinkedIn Print American Airlines Group Inc. sent industry stocks reeling after unexpectedly granting pay raises to pilots and flight attendants – a move that weakened the case that carriers are poised to generate steady profits. The pay bumps will add $930-million (U.S.) in costs through 2019, American said. Chief executive officer Doug Parker reversed his earlier opposition to such mid-contract increases after months of pressure from employees who argued they were falling behind counterparts at rival carriers. Stepped-up compensation at American is fuelling doubts about airlines’ ability to avoid spiralling costs and cash in on industry consolidation that’s supposed to lead to steady returns after decades of boom and bust. Berkshire Hathaway Inc., billionaire Warren Buffett’s company, became one of the biggest shareholders in American and its rivals last year, rewarding Mr. Parker’s efforts to woo investors with the promise of a new era for airlines. The compensation action “establishes a worrying precedent, in our view, both for American and the industry,” said JPMorgan Chase & Co. analyst Jamie Baker on in a noteThursday. “In our minds, this is a seminal event, and represents the first credible potential blow to our long-held ‘it’s different this time’ investment thesis.” Higher pay could reduce American’s 2017 earnings per share by 29 cents and 2018 results by 46 cents, said Baker. He cut his recommendation on American to neutral from overweight. American tumbled 5.2 per cent to $43.98 after dropping as much as 8.6 per cent for the biggest intraday decline in 10 months. A Bloomberg index of U.S. airlines fell as much as 4.3 per cent, the most since Jan. 30. Mr. Parker said the pay raises would lead to better customer service and improve the airline’s fortunes in the long term. The CEO has struggled to improve a long history of strained management-union relations at Fort Worth, Tex.-based American since assuming control of the airline after its 2013 merger with US Airways. “It’s a move that might surprise or even dismay some of you because it adds costs to the airline, but we couldn’t be more convicted about doing it,” he told investors and analysts on a conference call after announcing earnings. “This increase in our near-term expenses in no way changes our view about our long-term prospects.” American Airlines isn’t the only carrier wrestling with higher expenses. Southwest Airlines Co.’s costs jumped as higher wage rates took effect for pilots and flight attendants under contracts that were ratified last year. The company is also investing in a new reservation system. ‘Intensely Focused’ Costs for each seat flown a mile climbed 6.9 per cent even after excluding the effect of oil, special items and profit-sharing, the Dallas-based carrier said in a statement. That was at the high end of the company’s forecast. “We remain intensely focused on controlling costs,” Southwest CEO Gary Kelly said in the statement. He said the pressures should “abate dramatically” later this year. Southwest fell 1.2 per cent to $55.75. An earlier decline of as much as 4.3 per cent was the biggest intraday slide since November. Investors were probably disappointed by Southwest’s cost outlook on higher employee wages and fuel prices and its lack of progress in improving average fares, said Logan Purk, an analyst at Edward Jones. “Those combined are a bit too much of a headwind for Southwest to offset,” he said in an interview. Pricing Gains Cost pressures are increasing at American just as it’s finally strengthening its grip on fares. Revenue for each seat flown a mile, a proxy for pricing power, will rise 3 per cent to 5 per cent in the current quarter, the carrier said in a statement Thursday. That would be the third straight gain in the benchmark measure as American emerges from the aftermath of a fare war that erupted in 2015. American reported first-quarter adjusted earnings of 61 cents a share, topping the 57-cent average of analyst estimates compiled by Bloomberg. Sales were $9.62-billion, in line with estimates. Report Typo/Error Also on The Globe and Mail United Airlines to offer $10,000 to passengers who forfeit seats (Reuters)   AAL-QAmerican Airlines Group Inc Latest Price$43.98 0.00 (0.00%) UAL-NUnited Continental Holdings Inc Latest Price$70.70 0.00 (0.00%) DAL-NDelta Air Lines Inc Latest Price$45.74 0.00 (0.00%) Updated April 27 4:00 PM EDT. Delayed by at least 15 minutes. More Related to this Story WestJet to target price-sensitive fliers with no-frills airline Delta sweetens payouts for overbooked fliers after United furor United Airlines reaches settlement with passenger dragged from plane Topics Transportation American Airlines Inc. Aerospace Comments Share via email Share on facebook Share on twitter Share on LinkedIn Print Next story | Learn More Discover content from The Globe and Mail that you might otherwise not have come across. Here we’ll provide you with fresh suggestions where we will continue to make even better ones as we get to know you better. You can let us know if a suggestion is not to your liking by hitting the ‘’ close button to the right of the headline. {{article_sprite}} {{title}} {{published_at}} Trending {{title}} Most popular videos » News China launches its first domestically built aircraft carrier News Le Pen steps aside as National Front leader News Ivanka Trump booed for praising her father at women's summit Report on Business Why the U.S. has a problem with Canada's softwood exports News Trump on North Korea, trade and Saudi Arabia Report on Business Gen Y Money: What to do with your money if you'll never buy a home News Flashback: President Clinton’s original signing of NAFTA into law in 1993 Report on Business Andrew Willis: Why share buybacks aren't smart (right now) for Canada's energy sector News B.C. NDP leader defends temperament after debate News Fort McMurray residents look back, one year after fire Report on Business Leaving money to a secret beneficiary News Trudeau says he helped Trump decide not to cancel NAFTA ◀ ● ● ● ▶ More from The Globe and Mail Report on Business Streetwise newsletter: Home Capital on the block Arts Uriel Luft: Ballet impresario was devoted to dance Most popular April 28: Your daily horoscope Working past 65? Beware this Canada Pension Plan oddity Home Capital rebounds as it firms up line of credit, looks at possible sale 2017 Ontario budget: 10 things you need to know Trump vows to fix or scrap South Korea trade deal, wants payment for THAAD X connect with us Products The Globe and Mail Newspaper Newspaper delivered to your doorstep. Subscribe to the newspaper Globe Unlimited Digital all access pass across devices. Subscribe to Globe Unlimited Globe2Go The digital replica of our newspaper. Subscribe to Globe2Go Globe Email Newsletters Get top Globe stories sent to your inbox. Subscribe to email newsletters The New York Times Get digital access or the printed edition delivered to your door. Subscribe to The New York Times Advertise with us GlobeLink.ca Your number one partner for reaching Canada's Influential Achievers. Or go directly to: Newspaper Magazine Digital Globe Alliance: extend your reach Globe Edge: custom content Classifieds The Globe at your Workplace Globe Corporate Sales Globe Unlimited digital edition and Globe2Go e-paper group discounts available. Learn more Corporate financial data and content licensing for your organization. Learn more Or go directly to: Report On Business Top 1000 DataStore essential business intelligence Our Company About us Work at The Globe Staff The Globe and Mail Centre Secure Services Secure Drop Staff PGP Directory Customer Service Contact Us Customer Preference Center FAQs Customer Care website Digital subscription services Print subscription services Change your delivery address Vacation Stops Mobile Apps News NEWS APP Available for download on the following devices iPhone iPad Android Blackberry Other Sections Appointments Births & Announcements Corrections Classifieds Classroom Edition Deaths Newspaper Ads Real Estate Special Reports Site Map Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Disclaimer Accessibility Policy Community Guidelines Globe sustainability Editorial Code of Conduct Restrictions © Thomson Reuters 2012. All rights reserved. Republication or redistribution of Thomson Reuters content, including by framing or similar means, is prohibited without the prior written consent of Thomson Reuters. Thomson Reuters is not liable for any errors or delays in Thomson Reuters content, or for any actions taken in reliance on such content. ‘Thomson Reuters’ and the Thomson Reuters logo are trademarks of Thomson Reuters and its affiliated companies. Globe Investor is part of The Globe and Mail's Report on Business Selected data supplied by Thomson Reuters.© Thomson Reuters Limited. Click for Restrictions . Copyright 2017 The Globe and Mail Inc. All Rights Reserved. 351 King Street East, Suite 1600,  Toronto,  ON  Canada  M5A 0N1 Phillip Crawley, Publisher Add to Watchlist Add to Watchlist We've run into a glitch. Please try again later. We've run into a glitch. Please try again later.
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 27 April 2017 by Maciej Heyman TD Ameritrade Announces Closing of Senior Notes Offering OMAHA, Neb.–(BUSINESS WIRE)–TD Ameritrade Holding Corporation (Nasdaq: AMTD) today announced the closing of its previously-announced underwritten public offering of $800 million of the Company’s senior notes due 2027. The Company intends to use the net proceeds from the sale for general corporate purposes, including the financing of the cash consideration payable by the Company in its planned acquisition of Scottrade Financial Services, Inc. In addition, on Friday, Apr. 21, 2017 the Company entered into a new five-year $300 million senior unsecured revolving credit facility to replace its existing credit facility, and TD Ameritrade Clearing, Inc., the Company’s clearing broker-dealer subsidiary, entered into a new five-year $600 million senior unsecured revolving credit facility to replace and increase by $300 million its existing credit facility. More information about the new credit facilities can be found in the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on Apr. 21, 2017. The Company has completed these transactions in anticipation of the closing of its acquisition of Scottrade Financial Services, Inc., which it expects will take place by the end of its current fiscal year, Sept. 30, 2017. Barclays Capital Inc., Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, J.P. Morgan Securities LLC, TD Securities (USA) LLC, and U.S. Bancorp Investments, Inc. acted as joint book-running managers of the offering. In addition, Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner & Smith Incorporated acted as co-manager. The offering was made solely by means of a prospectus supplement and a prospectus, which have been filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission and may be obtained by contacting Barclays Capital Inc. toll-free at (888) 603-5847 or Wells Fargo Securities, LLC toll-free at (800) 645-3751. This press release shall not constitute an offer to sell, or the solicitation of an offer to purchase, any securities, nor shall there be any sale of these securities in any state or jurisdiction in which such an offer, solicitation or sale would be unlawful prior to registration or qualification under the securities laws of any such state or jurisdiction. Source: TD Ameritrade Holding Corporation About TD Ameritrade Holding Corporation Millions of investors and independent registered investment advisors (RIAs) have turned to TD Ameritrade’s (Nasdaq: AMTD) technology, people and education to help make investing and trading easier to understand and do. Online or over the phone. In a branch or with an independent RIA. First-timer or sophisticated trader. Our clients want to take control, and we help them decide how – bringing Wall Street to Main Street for more than 40 years. TD Ameritrade has time and again been recognized as a leader in investment services. Please visit TD Ameritrade’s newsroom or www.amtd.com for more information, or read our stories on our corporate blog, Fresh Accounts, at http://freshaccounts.amtd.com. Safe Harbor This document contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of the federal securities laws. We intend these forward-looking statements to be covered by the safe harbor provisions of the federal securities laws. In particular, any projections regarding our future revenues, expenses, earnings, capital expenditures, effective tax rates, client trading activity, accounts, stock price or any projections or expectations regarding the proposed business combination transaction between us and Scottrade Financial Services, Inc., as well as the assumptions on which such expectations are based, are forward-looking statements. These statements reflect only our current expectations and are not guarantees of future performance or results. These statements involve risks, uncertainties and assumptions that could cause actual results or performance to differ materially from those contained in the forward-looking statements. These risks, uncertainties and assumptions include, but are not limited to: general economic and political conditions and other securities industry risks, fluctuations in interest rates, stock market fluctuations and changes in client trading activity, credit risk with clients and counterparties, increased competition, systems failures, delays and capacity constraints, network security risks, liquidity risks, new laws and regulations affecting our business, regulatory and legal matters, the ability to obtain regulatory approvals and meet other closing conditions to the proposed transaction, including the completion of the merger between Scottrade Bank and TD Bank, N.A., on the expected terms and schedule; delay in closing the transaction; difficulties and delays in integrating the TD Ameritrade and Scottrade businesses or fully realizing cost savings and other benefits; business disruption following the proposed transaction; changes in asset quality and credit risk; the inability to sustain revenue and earnings growth; changes in interest rates and capital markets; inflation; customer borrowing, repayment, investment and deposit practices; customer disintermediation; the introduction, withdrawal, success and timing of business initiatives; competitive conditions; TD Ameritrade’s and Scottrade’s businesses experiencing disruptions due to transaction-related uncertainty or other factors making it more difficult to maintain relationships with employees, customers, other business partners or governmental entities; the inability to realize synergies or to implement integration plans and other consequences associated with mergers, acquisitions and uncertainties and other risk factors described in our latest Annual Report on Form 10-K, filed with the SEC on Nov. 18, 2016 and our latest Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed thereafter. These forward-looking statements speak only as of the date on which the statements were made. We undertake no obligation to update or revise publicly any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except to the extent required by the federal securities laws. CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious AMMA LOSS NOTICE: Rosen Law Firm Reminds Alliance MMA, Inc. Investors of Important Deadline in First Filed Case – AMMA Next PostNext White Masterbatch Market Growth Opportunities, Sales, Revenue, Consumptions, Industry Analysis and Forecasts 2022 Search Recent Posts Léo-Blanchette Postal Facility Opioid Exposure Exposition à un opioïde à l’Etablissement de traitement du courrier Léo-Blanchette Semiconductor Assembly and Testing Services (SATS) Market Estimated to Expand at a CAGR of 5.8% During a Six-Year Forecast Period 2015-2021 Active Pharmaceutical Ingredient Market Would Reach US $186 Bn by 2020 India Market Analysis on Golf Carts: Hotels/Resorts End User Segment Anticipated to Create Good Value Opportunity Till 2024 Proudly powered by WordPress
X Edition: United States Business Business Home Legal Deals Aerospace & Defense Finance Autos Reuters Summits ADventures Data Dive Markets Markets Home U.S. Markets European Markets Asian Markets Global Market Data Stocks Bonds Currencies Commodities Futures Funds Earnings Dividends World World Home U.S. Special Reports Reuters Investigates Euro Zone Middle East China Japan Mexico Brazil Africa Russia India Politics Politics Home Polling Explorer Live: Trump's First 100 Days Supreme Court Tech Technology Home Science Top 100 Global Innovators Media Environment Innovation Commentary Commentary Home Podcasts Breakingviews Breakingviews Home Breakingviews Video Money Money Home Retirement Lipper Awards Analyst Research Stock Screener Fund Screener Life Health Sports Arts Entertainment Oddly Enough Pictures Pictures Home The Wider Image Photographers Focus 360 Video BRIEF-Motorola Solutions enters into revolving credit agreement with JPMor... Africa América Latina عربي Argentina Brasil Canada 中国 Deutschland España France India Italia 日本 México РОССИЯ United Kingdom United States Bonds News | Thu Apr 27, 2017 | 5:14pm EDT BRIEF-Motorola Solutions enters into revolving credit agreement with JPMorgan Chase Bank April 27 Motorola Solutions Inc * Motorola Solutions Inc - on April 25, 2017, co entered into a new revolving credit agreement with JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. - SEC filing * Motorola Solutions Inc - new credit agreement provides for a $2.2 billion revolving credit facility with a $500 million letter of credit sublimit - sec filing * Motorola Solutions Inc - company has ability at any time to increase aggregate commitments under new credit agreement from $2.2 billion to $2.75 billion * Motorola Solutions Inc - company terminated its existing revolving credit agreement, dated as of May 29, 2014, with JPMorgan Chase Bank * Motorola Solutions - there were no outstanding loan borrowings under old credit agreement at time of termination, no early termination penalties were incurred Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: Our Standards: The Thomson Reuters Trust Principles Next In Bonds News BRIEF-Moody's says outlook on Vietnam's ratings changed to positive from stable, ratings affirmed * Moody's changes the outlook on Vietnam's ratings to positive from stable, ratings affirmed RPT-London banks set to decide within weeks on Brexit moves FRANKFURT/LONDON, April 27 As Britain prepares to negotiate its EU departure, a number of banks are likely to decide within two months where to set up new continental bases to make sure they can keep serving clients in the bloc after Brexit. MORE FROM REUTERS Sponsored Content From Around the WebPromoted by Revcontent Trending Stories Pictures Photos of the day Sponsored Topics X Follow Reuters: Follow Us On Twitter Follow Us On Facebook Follow Us On RSS Follow Us On Instagram Follow Us On YouTube Follow Us On LinkedIn Subscribe: Feeds | Newsletters | Podcasts | Apps Reuters News Agency | Brand Attribution Guidelines | Careers Reuters is the news and media division of Thomson Reuters. Thomson Reuters is the world's largest international multimedia news agency, providing investing news, world news, business news, technology news, headline news, small business news, news alerts, personal finance, stock market, and mutual funds information available on Reuters.com, video, mobile, and interactive television platforms. Learn more about Thomson Reuters products: Eikon Information, analytics and exclusive news on financial markets - delivered in an intuitive desktop and mobile interface Elektron Everything you need to empower your workflow and enhance your enterprise data management World-Check Screen for heightened risk individual and entities globally to help uncover hidden risks in business relationships and human networks Westlaw Build the strongest argument relying on authoritative content, attorney-editor expertise, and industry defining technology ONESOURCE The most comprehensive solution to manage all your complex and ever-expanding tax and compliance needs CHECKPOINT The industry leader for online information for tax, accounting and finance professionals All quotes delayed a minimum of 15 minutes. See here for a complete list of exchanges and delays. Site Feedback Corrections Advertising Guidelines Cookies Terms of Use Privacy Policy
Continue to site >> Action Alerts PLUS Access AAP Jim Cramer's Best Stocks for 2017 Charitable Trust Portfolio Most Recent Trade Alert 25 Investing Rules 10 Trading Commandments Real Money Access RM 25 Rules of Investing Jim Cramer's Best Stocks for 2017 10 Commandments Stressed Out Stocks Cramer's Blog Cramer Mad Money ETFs Futures Banks Much More Biotech Markets Retail Tech Personal Finance Retirement Financial Advisor Center How to Spend Options Fixed Income Video DJIA NASDAQ S&P 500 Market Data updated Sign In Your Membership(s) Your Account Account Preferences Alerts Newsetters Subscribe Logout Subscribe Access insights and guidance from our Wall Street pros. Find the product that's right for you. Action Alerts PLUS Action Alerts OPTIONS Daily Swing Trade Income Seeker Quant Ratings Real Money Real Money Pro Stocks Under $10 Top Stocks Trifecta Stocks Real Money Pro Portfolio Chairman's Club Compare All How to Play Bank Stocks in May Jim Cramer TheStreet Staff Apr 27, 2017 4:47 PM EDT TheStreet's Stephen Guilfoyle talks to Jim Cramer about how he got out of Bank of America (BAC) and JPMorgan (JPM) . It was a different story with Citigroup (C) , he tried to get out about a week ago, but his above market offer was never taken and now he is glad about that. In fact, Guilfoyle says he stayed long on Citi and will likely add to it. He completely changed his mind, now liking the valuations and the price to book ratio. Guilfoyle is doubled up on Key Bank (KEY) .    If you liked this article you might like European Banks Are Finally Looking Better The subject of investors' worries for a long time, European banks finally are looking better based on their first-quarter earnings. Antonia Oprita Apr 27, 2017 2:14 PM EDT Analysts' Actions -- Buffalo Wild Wings, Citrix, JPMorgan, PayPal and More Here are Thursday's top research calls, including upgrades for Citrix, JPMorgan, PayPal and Wells Fargo, and a downgrade for Buffalo Wild Wings. TheStreet Staff Apr 27, 2017 10:51 AM EDT Latest Results Suggest European Banks Are Out of the Doldrums The subject of investors' worries for a long time, European banks finally are looking better based on their first-quarter earnings. Antonia Oprita Apr 27, 2017 9:00 AM EDT Trending FTC Seen as Set to Block Rite Aid Deal LeBron James Finally Reveals Why He Left $15 Million of McDonald's Cash on the Table to Sell Pizza Federal Probe of Fox News Reportedly Widens to Include Postal Service Starbucks Stock Tanks As Coffee King Still Can't Solve One of Its Biggest Challenges in Its History It Would Be 'Crazy' to Clean House at Wells Fargo, CEO Says Advertising Partners Hot Topics Pharma Blue-Chip Cramer on Apple Stocks Under $10 Best High-Yielders Tech Stocks Home Cramer Banking Biotech ETFs Futures Investing Opinion Personal Finance Retail Tech Video Featured Topics Jim Cramer Mad Money Stock Market Today Dow Jones Today Dividend Stocks Gold Price Silver Prices Copper Prices Oil Prices Sections ©1996-2017 TheStreet, Inc. All rights reserved. Action Alerts PLUS is a registered trademark of TheStreet, Inc. Popular Pages Best Stocks Best Stocks to Buy High Dividend Stocks Stock Market Holidays Earnings Calendar Ex Dividend Date ETF Ratings Mutual Fund Ratings Best Online Brokers Subscriptions Action Alerts PLUS Action Alerts OPTIONS Daily Swing Trade Quant Ratings Real Money Real Money Pro Stocks Under $10 Top Stocks Trifecta Stocks Portfolio PLUS RMP Portfolio Chairman's Club Stay Connected Feedback About Us Investor Relations Advertise Reprints Customer Service Employment Privacy Policy Terms of Use Topic Archive Video Sitemap Data Affiliate Press Room ©1996-2017 TheStreet, Inc. All rights reserved. Action Alerts PLUS is a registered trademark of TheStreet, Inc. Compare Brokers
Gothamist is a website about New York View Pretty | Blog Arts & Entertainment Food News Popular Advertising Contact Newsletter RSS Feed Staff Our Cities Chicago London Los Angeles New York City San Francisco Shanghai Toronto Washington DC A Guide To Rallies & Actions Planned For May Day 2017 by Emma Whitford in News on Apr 27, 2017 4:50 pm (Scott Heins/ Gothamist) On May Day 2006, hundreds of thousands of immigrants participated in actions across the country, skipping work and school in New York, Chicago and Los Angeles to protest a bill that would have made it a felony to be in the United States without documentation. The Bush-era legislation ultimately floundered. May Day, rooted in national protests for an eight-hour workday, solidified its status as a day for immigrant action. "Those 2006 demonstrations were huge," said Joshua Freeman, a history and labor professor at CUNY. "It was a little bit of an earthquake in several ways. Never before had so many immigrants publicly presented themselves to support their rights." "We haven't seen anything quite like that since," Freeman added. "It will be interesting to see what happens this year." Actions planned for Monday are a direct response to President Donald Trump's policies on labor and immigration, according to organizers. The main event is a rally and concert in Foley Square at 5:00 p.m., but the rest of the day will be busy as well, with actions, teach-ins and union rallies, starting as early as 7:15 a.m. Gothamist talked to organizers, who broke down their plans and provided tips for workers interested in striking, but fearful of employer retribution. Marches and Rallies Take on Corporate Backers of Hate March Before the workday starts, Make the Road New York is hosting a march through Midtown East to call out large corporate entities that stand to profit from Trump's agenda, including backers of private prisons and immigrant detention centers like JP Morgan Chase and Wells Fargo. Ahead of the action, Make the Road today launched a "name and shame" website, with information about each company's affiliations to the Trump Administration and contact information for CEOs and Board Members. 7:15 a.m. / Sidewalk at 5th Avenue and 41st Street at the edge of Bryant Park MAY DAY Solidarity Rally: Stand with B&H Workers! The Democratic Socialists of America are continuing to throw their (increasingly hefty) weight behind the employees of B&H, who recently organized a union in response to allegedly hazardous working conditions in their Brooklyn warehouses. Management has threatened to move these warehouse jobs 75 miles away to New Jersey, while organizers gear up their contract fight. 10:00 a.m. / B&H Photo Video Pro at 420 Ninth Avenue Immigrant Worker Justice Tour Immigrant and worker justice groups including ICE-Free NYC and Brandworkers, which recently helped organize workers at Tom Cat Bakery in Long Island City, will rally in Washington Square Park ahead of a downtown walking tour of businesses where workers are currently organizing. "We have every intention of making sure that some of the practices and policies that impact the worker community are brought to light," Brandworkers organizer Gabriel Morales told Gothamist. The tour route is still being solidified but will include a stop at Amy's Bread, where employees have been organizing for higher wages. 12:00 p.m. / Washington Square Park Rise Up New York! Immigrant Rights and Worker Rights The main event. Make the Road New York, the New York Immigration Coalition, New York Nurses Association, New York Central Labor Council, and the service workers union SEIU 32 BJ are organizing the evening rally, which will double as a live concert. "We call on all New Yorkers to rise up and demand an end to this Administration's racist and unjust policies," said Steve Choi, executive director of the New York Immigration Coalition, in a statement. 5:00 p.m. / Foley Square (Scott Lynch / Gothamist) Striking: Know Your Rights For those planning to strike from work or school on Monday, organizers with the People's Power Assembly are rallying at Union Square from noon until 5:30, ahead of a large-scale march. "It's very much going to be a place for people who are striking," said group member Nate Peters. "That's why it's called for noon." Organizers are punctuating the day with speeches, featuring leaders from the anti-war movement, Black Lives Matter, and indigenous groups, as well as labor and immigrant advocates. Acknowledging the potential for repercussions, the Workers World Party has set up a phone line and email address for anyone facing threats and punishment for striking: 347-674-0515 and nycdefense@protonmail.com. Make the Road New York has also been hosting know-your-rights training sessions specifically for immigrants who want to strike. Their initiative launched in February, when a handful of Long Island warehouse employees were fired after participating in a "Day Without Immigrants" action. Make the Road is now representing those workers in a National Labor Relations Board filing that accuses their employer of violating the National Labor Relations Act. Meg Fosque, an organizer with Make The Road, stressed that all workers have the right to strike, regardless of immigration status, though the repercussions for undocumented workers can be more serious. Fosque advised workers to give their bosses a heads-up, and to try to connect national May Day issues back to specific, concrete workplace demands. "If your workplace won't function without immigrants," she said, "maybe ask your employer to post a sign stating that ICE officials aren't welcome without a judicial warrant." Some individuals participating in the strike are planning to call in sick or take a vacation day, she added. Fosque stressed that there is power in numbers, and that workers planning to strike en masse should contact labor organizers first, to talk strategy and potential legal issues. "To see the most vulnerable workers take risks that more protected workers are afraid of is incredibly powerful," she said. Contact the author of this article or email tips@gothamist.com with further questions, comments or tips. twitter facebook reddit print May Day Rally Guide Strike Guide Other Interesting Stories Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Gothamist Films best of gothamist The Best Rooftop Bars In NYC The 12 Best Hot Dogs In NYC The 6 Best Skateparks In And Around NYC The 11 Best Shakshukas In NYC The 14 Best Cookies In NYC   © 2003-2017 Gothamist LLC. All rights reserved. Terms of Use & Privacy Policy.
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Bellway plc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Bellway plc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Analysts Set Interactive Brokers Group, Inc. (IBKR) Target Price at $38.50 Intu Properties PLC (INTU) Given “Underperform” Rating at Jefferies Group LLC Land Securities Group plc (LAND) Receives Hold Rating from Jefferies Group LLC Kerry Group PLC (KRYAY) Receives Average Recommendation of “Buy” from Analysts Mastech Digital Inc (MHH) Issues Quarterly Earnings Results UNITE Group plc’s (UTG) Hold Rating Reaffirmed at Jefferies Group LLC Watkin Jones PLC (WJG) Receives “Buy” Rating from Peel Hunt Ply Gem Holdings Inc (PGEM) Receives $18.30 Consensus PT from Brokerages Galliford Try plc (GFRD) Given New GBX 1,690 Price Target at Peel Hunt Bellway plc (BWY) Upgraded by Peel Hunt to “Add” Mediclinic International PLC (MDC) Receives GBX 876.50 Average PT from Brokerages Analysts Set FS Investment Co. (FSIC) PT at $9.70 AvalonBay Communities Inc (AVB) Issues Q2 Earnings Guidance Analysts Set Mercury Systems Inc (MRCY) PT at $39.20 Orbotech Ltd (ORBK) Receives $36.40 Average PT from Analysts GlaxoSmithKline plc (GSK) Issues Quarterly Earnings Results, Meets Expectations TechTarget Inc (TTGT) Receives $10.20 Consensus Price Target from Analysts EXACT Sciences Co. (EXAS) Price Target Raised to $40.00 Hammerson plc (HMSO) Receives Underperform Rating from Jefferies Group LLC PolyOne Co. (POL) Upgraded at TheStreet Bellway plc (BWY) Upgraded by Peel Hunt to “Add” April 27th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Patrick Bannon Filed Under: Analyst Articles - UK - Finance Tweet Peel Hunt upgraded shares of Bellway plc (LON:BWY) to an add rating in a research report report published on Wednesday. Peel Hunt currently has GBX 3,145 ($40.21) price objective on the stock, up from their previous price objective of GBX 2,925 ($37.39). A number of other research analysts have also recently commented on the stock. Citigroup Inc reissued a neutral rating and issued a GBX 2,540 ($32.47) target price on shares of Bellway plc in a report on Thursday, February 2nd. Shore Capital reissued a buy rating on shares of Bellway plc in a report on Tuesday, March 21st. Numis Securities Ltd reissued a buy rating and issued a GBX 3,091 ($39.52) target price on shares of Bellway plc in a report on Tuesday, February 7th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. reissued an overweight rating on shares of Bellway plc in a report on Wednesday, March 22nd. Finally, Liberum Capital reissued a buy rating and issued a GBX 2,780 ($35.54) target price on shares of Bellway plc in a report on Tuesday, February 7th. Five investment analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and ten have given a buy rating to the company’s stock. The stock presently has a consensus rating of Buy and an average price target of GBX 2,998.97 ($38.34). Shares of Bellway plc (LON:BWY) traded up 1.63% during midday trading on Wednesday, hitting GBX 2870.00. 660,891 shares of the company were exchanged. The company’s market capitalization is GBX 3.51 billion. Bellway plc has a one year low of GBX 1,622.00 and a one year high of GBX 2,920.00. The company has a 50-day moving average of GBX 2,768.89 and a 200 day moving average of GBX 2,553.84. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY NOTICE: This piece of content was posted by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are accessing this piece of content on another publication, it was illegally stolen and republished in violation of United States & international trademark & copyright law. The correct version of this piece of content can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/27/bellway-plc-bwy-upgraded-by-peel-hunt-to-add.html. The company also recently announced a dividend, which will be paid on Monday, July 3rd. Shareholders of record on Thursday, May 18th will be given a dividend of GBX 37.50 ($0.48) per share. This represents a yield of 1.32%. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Thursday, May 18th. Bellway plc Company Profile Bellway p.l.c is a holding company of the Bellway Group of companies. The Company is engaged in the building and selling of homes, ranging from one-bedroom apartments up to five-bedroom family homes, as well as providing social housing-to-housing associations. It focuses on providing traditional family housing outside of London and apartments within the London boroughs, in zone 2 and beyond. Receive News & Ratings for Bellway plc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Bellway plc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Judge Uses Comment by President Trump in Ruling Fight for Border Wall Approaches in Attempt to Avoid Shutdown President Trump Attempting To Repeal ACA Again Vice President Pence Says North Korea Should Not Test U.S. Resolve Trump’s Back and Forth on Economics © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Land Securities Group plc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Land Securities Group plc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Analysts Set Interactive Brokers Group, Inc. (IBKR) Target Price at $38.50 Intu Properties PLC (INTU) Given “Underperform” Rating at Jefferies Group LLC Land Securities Group plc (LAND) Receives Hold Rating from Jefferies Group LLC Kerry Group PLC (KRYAY) Receives Average Recommendation of “Buy” from Analysts Mastech Digital Inc (MHH) Issues Quarterly Earnings Results UNITE Group plc’s (UTG) Hold Rating Reaffirmed at Jefferies Group LLC Watkin Jones PLC (WJG) Receives “Buy” Rating from Peel Hunt Ply Gem Holdings Inc (PGEM) Receives $18.30 Consensus PT from Brokerages Galliford Try plc (GFRD) Given New GBX 1,690 Price Target at Peel Hunt Bellway plc (BWY) Upgraded by Peel Hunt to “Add” Mediclinic International PLC (MDC) Receives GBX 876.50 Average PT from Brokerages Analysts Set FS Investment Co. (FSIC) PT at $9.70 AvalonBay Communities Inc (AVB) Issues Q2 Earnings Guidance Analysts Set Mercury Systems Inc (MRCY) PT at $39.20 Orbotech Ltd (ORBK) Receives $36.40 Average PT from Analysts GlaxoSmithKline plc (GSK) Issues Quarterly Earnings Results, Meets Expectations TechTarget Inc (TTGT) Receives $10.20 Consensus Price Target from Analysts EXACT Sciences Co. (EXAS) Price Target Raised to $40.00 Hammerson plc (HMSO) Receives Underperform Rating from Jefferies Group LLC PolyOne Co. (POL) Upgraded at TheStreet Land Securities Group plc (LAND) Receives Hold Rating from Jefferies Group LLC April 27th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Patrick Bannon Filed Under: Analyst Articles - UK - Finance Tweet Jefferies Group LLC reiterated their hold rating on shares of Land Securities Group plc (LON:LAND) in a research note published on Wednesday morning. Jefferies Group LLC currently has a GBX 950 ($12.15) price objective on the stock. LAND has been the topic of a number of other research reports. Goldman Sachs Group Inc upgraded shares of Land Securities Group plc to a buy rating and set a GBX 1,238 ($15.83) price objective on the stock in a report on Wednesday, January 25th. BNP Paribas reiterated an underperform rating and issued a GBX 1,100 ($14.06) price objective on shares of Land Securities Group plc in a report on Wednesday, January 25th. Liberum Capital reiterated a hold rating and issued a GBX 950 ($12.15) price objective on shares of Land Securities Group plc in a report on Monday, March 13th. Barclays PLC reiterated an overweight rating and issued a GBX 1,280 ($16.36) price objective on shares of Land Securities Group plc in a report on Friday, January 13th. Finally, JPMorgan Chase & Co. reiterated an overweight rating and issued a GBX 1,250 ($15.98) price objective on shares of Land Securities Group plc in a report on Thursday, February 16th. Two equities research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, nine have given a hold rating and four have given a buy rating to the company. Land Securities Group plc presently has a consensus rating of Hold and a consensus target price of GBX 1,082.43 ($13.84). Shares of Land Securities Group plc (LON:LAND) traded down 0.62% during mid-day trading on Wednesday, hitting GBX 1118.00. The stock had a trading volume of 2,514,667 shares. The company’s 50 day moving average price is GBX 1,073.00 and its 200 day moving average price is GBX 1,029.40. The stock’s market cap is GBX 8.83 billion. Land Securities Group plc has a 12-month low of GBX 810.00 and a 12-month high of GBX 1,211.00. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY NOTICE: This report was first reported by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are accessing this report on another website, it was copied illegally and reposted in violation of US & international trademark & copyright legislation. The original version of this report can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/27/land-securities-group-plc-land-receives-hold-rating-from-jefferies-group-llc.html. The firm also recently disclosed a dividend, which was paid on Friday, April 7th. Investors of record on Thursday, March 9th were paid a dividend of GBX 8.95 ($0.11) per share. The ex-dividend date was Thursday, March 9th. This represents a yield of 0.87%. In other Land Securities Group plc news, insider Martin F. Greenslade acquired 6,000 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Wednesday, March 29th. The shares were purchased at an average price of GBX 1,042 ($13.32) per share, for a total transaction of £62,520 ($79,928.41). Also, insider Nicholas Cadbury acquired 1,900 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Tuesday, March 28th. The shares were acquired at an average price of GBX 1,039 ($13.28) per share, for a total transaction of £19,741 ($25,237.79). About Land Securities Group plc Land Securities Group PLC is a United Kingdom-based holding company. The Company is a real estate investment trust (REIT). The Company operates through two segments: Retail Portfolio and the London Portfolio. The Company’s Retail Portfolio includes all the shopping centers and shops (excluding central London shops), hotels and leisure assets, and retail warehouse properties. Receive News & Ratings for Land Securities Group plc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Land Securities Group plc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Judge Uses Comment by President Trump in Ruling Fight for Border Wall Approaches in Attempt to Avoid Shutdown President Trump Attempting To Repeal ACA Again Vice President Pence Says North Korea Should Not Test U.S. Resolve Trump’s Back and Forth on Economics © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Latest News Dow 20,981 +6.24 +0.03% Nasdaq 6,049 +23.71 +0.39% S&P 500 2,389 +1.32 +0.06% 3:05 A.M. ET RBS shares rise 3.7% after Q1 earnings report 3:04 A.M. ET French consumer spending falls unexpectedly 3:04 A.M. ET German retail sales nudge higher in March 3:04 A.M. ET French inflation rises 0.1%, misses expectations 3:04 A.M. ET Barclays shares drop 3.2% after Q1 earnings report 3:03 A.M. ET Germany's DAX opens 0.2% lower at 12,422.66 3:02 A.M. ET France's CAC 40 opens 1 point lower at 5,271.52 3:02 A.M. ET U.K.'s FTSE 100 opens 1 point lower at 7,236.51 3:01 A.M. ET Stoxx Europe 600 opens 0.2% lower at 387.10 3:00 A.M. ET Updated It’s NFL Draft day: Here’s financial advice for incoming rookies from current and former players 2:52 A.M. ET Updated How U.K. GDP data could yank the pound back down to $1.26 2:51 A.M. ET Updated Trump says a ‘major, major conflict’ with North Korea is possible 2:47 A.M. ET Updated Trump on being President: ‘I thought it would be easier’ 2:38 A.M. ET Opinion A world turned inside out: Emerging economies have emerged on top 2:37 A.M. ET Amazon cut to sector weight from overweight at Pacific Crest 2:36 A.M. ET Bank of Ireland trading in line despite Brexit 2:35 A.M. ET Sony expects operating profit to rise to $4.5 bln 2:35 A.M. ET Old Mutual Unit assets grow 6% 2:34 A.M. ET U.K. government cuts Lloyds stake to below 1% 2:34 A.M. ET RBS swings to better than expected profit Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Financial Adviser Center Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement Retire Here, Not There Encore Taxes How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate Location Scouts realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Home Press Release Texas Instruments prices $600 million of investment grade notes By Published: Apr 27, 2017 4:45 p.m. ET Share DALLAS, April 27, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Texas Instruments Incorporated (TI) TXN, +0.24% today announced the pricing of two series of senior unsecured notes for an aggregate principal amount of $600 million. The notes consist of the following: $300 million of 2.750% senior unsecured notes due March 12, 2021 $300 million of 2.625% senior unsecured notes due May 15, 2024 The 2.750% notes due March 12, 2021, will be a further issuance of, and form a single series with, the $250 million aggregate principal amount of the existing 2.750% notes due 2021 issued by TI on March 12, 2014. TI expects to use the net proceeds of this offering for repayment of outstanding debt and the remainder, if any, for general corporate purposes. The offering is expected to close on May 4, 2017. Citigroup Global Markets Inc., Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC, MUFG Securities Americas Inc., Barclays Capital Inc., J.P. Morgan Securities LLC, Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner & Smith Incorporated and Mizuho Securities USA LLC are serving as joint book-running managers for the offering. The offering of the notes is made only by means of a prospectus, copies of which may be obtained from Citigroup Global Markets Inc., c/o Broadridge Financial Solutions, 1155 Long Island Avenue, Edgewood, NY 11717, or by calling (800) 831-9146; Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC, 180 Varick Street, 2nd Floor, New York, NY 10014, Attention: Prospectus Department, or by calling (866) 718-1649; MUFG Securities Americas Inc., Attention: Capital Markets Group, 1221 Avenue of the Americas, 6 [th] Floor, New York, NY 10020, or by calling (877) 649-6848; Barclays Capital Inc., c/o Broadridge Financial Solutions, 1155 Long Island Avenue, Edgewood, NY 11717, or by email at Barclaysprospectus@broadridge.com, or by calling (888) 603-5847; J.P. Morgan Securities LLC, Investment Grade Syndicate Desk, 383 Madison Avenue, New York, New York 10179, or by calling (212) 834-4533; Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner & Smith Incorporated, NC1-004-03-43, 200 North College Street, 3 [rd] Floor, Charlotte, North Carolina 28255, Attn: Prospectus Department, or by email at dg.prospectus_requests@baml.com, or by calling (800) 294-1322; and Mizuho Securities USA LLC, Attention: Debt Capital Markets, 320 Park Avenue, 12th Floor, New York, New York 10022, or by calling (866) 271-7403. This news release does not constitute an offer to sell or a solicitation of an offer to buy any of the notes or any other securities, nor will there be any sale of the notes or any other securities in any state or jurisdiction in which such an offer, solicitation or sale is not permitted. About Texas Instruments Texas Instruments Incorporated (TI) is a global semiconductor design and manufacturing company that develops analog ICs and embedded processors. By employing the world's brightest minds, TI creates innovations that shape the future of technology. TI is helping approximately 100,000 customers transform the future, today.    TXN-G   To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/texas-instruments-prices-600-million-of-investment-grade-notes-300447636.html SOURCE Texas Instruments Incorporated Copyright (C) 2017 PR Newswire. All rights reserved Quote References TXN +0.19 +0.24% Most Popular Trump says a ‘major, major conflict’ with North Korea is possible Amazon is worth so much because AWS is tech’s true unicorn These are the only 9 stocks Morningstar is fully bullish on Americans may soon have to kiss these lucrative personal tax deductions goodbye Aging Drivers Propel Self-Driving Technology in Japan MarketWatch Partner Center Sponsored Headlines MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News London WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2017 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. Intraday data delayed per exchange requirements. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real time last sale data provided by NASDAQ. More information on NASDAQ traded symbols and their current financial status. Intraday data delayed 15 minutes for Nasdaq, and 20 minutes for other exchanges. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. SEHK intraday data is provided by SIX Financial Information and is at least 60-minutes delayed. All quotes are in local exchange time. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found Texas Instruments Inc. U.S.: Nasdaq: TXN $80.80 +0.19 (+0.24%) Volume 5.2M Open $80.75 High $81.27 Low $80.36 P/E Ratio 21.9 Div Yield 2.48 Market Cap 81.1B
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Prudential Public Limited Company - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Prudential Public Limited Company with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Express Scripts Holding Company (ESRX) to Post FY2019 Earnings of $8.25 Per Share, SunTrust Banks Forecasts FY2019 Earnings Estimate for Prudential Public Limited Company Issued By Jefferies Group (PUK) W. R. Grace & Co (GRA) Forecasted to Post FY2019 Earnings of $4.15 Per Share Equities Analysts Set Expectations for Pinnacle West Capital Co.’s FY2019 Earnings (PNW) FBR & Co Equities Analysts Cut Earnings Estimates for National Commerce Corp (NCOM) Merus NV (MRUS) Given Buy Rating at Jefferies Group LLC AllianceBernstein Holding LP (AB) Posts Quarterly Earnings Results, Beats Estimates By $0.02 EPS Thermo Fisher Scientific Inc. (TMO) Updates FY17 Earnings Guidance American Tower Corp (AMT) Posts Earnings Results, Beats Estimates By $0.03 EPS Livforsakringsbolaget Skandia Omsesidigt Has $2,756,000 Stake in ON Semiconductor Corp (ON) Livforsakringsbolaget Skandia Omsesidigt Increases Stake in United Rentals, Inc. (URI) Edwards Lifesciences Corp (EW) Receives Buy Rating from Jefferies Group LLC Western Digital Corp (WDC) Shares Bought by Livforsakringsbolaget Skandia Omsesidigt Rollins, Inc. (ROL) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Nomura Keefe, Bruyette & Woods Reiterates “Hold” Rating for Hometrust Bancshares Inc (HTBI) Delta Air Lines, Inc. (DAL) Stake Decreased by Livforsakringsbolaget Skandia Omsesidigt Shell Asset Management Co. Has $6.766 Million Position in First Republic Bank (FRC) Equity Residential (EQR) Shares Bought by Shell Asset Management Co. Janney Montgomery Scott LLC Acquires 23,184 Shares of Nucor Co. (NUE) Eastman Chemical Company (EMN) Shares Bought by Janney Montgomery Scott LLC FY2019 Earnings Estimate for Prudential Public Limited Company Issued By Jefferies Group (PUK) April 27th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Patrick Bannon Filed Under: Analyst Articles - Estimates - Finance Tweet Prudential Public Limited Company (NYSE:PUK) – Stock analysts at Jefferies Group issued their FY2019 earnings per share estimates for shares of Prudential Public Limited Company in a report issued on Monday. Jefferies Group analyst M. Cathcart expects that the financial services provider will earn $4.14 per share for the year. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION NOTICE: “FY2019 Earnings Estimate for Prudential Public Limited Company Issued By Jefferies Group (PUK)” was posted by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are accessing this piece of content on another site, it was stolen and republished in violation of US and international trademark & copyright legislation. The legal version of this piece of content can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/27/fy2019-earnings-estimate-for-prudential-public-limited-company-issued-by-jefferies-group-puk.html. A number of other analysts have also recently issued reports on PUK. Societe Generale raised Prudential Public Limited Company from a “sell” rating to a “hold” rating in a research note on Wednesday, January 11th. Zacks Investment Research raised Prudential Public Limited Company from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $44.00 target price for the company in a research note on Wednesday, February 8th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. raised Prudential Public Limited Company from an “underweight” rating to a “neutral” rating in a research note on Friday, March 17th. Finally, Goldman Sachs Group Inc reissued a “buy” rating on shares of Prudential Public Limited Company in a research note on Thursday, April 20th. Three analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and four have given a buy rating to the company’s stock. Prudential Public Limited Company has a consensus rating of “Buy” and a consensus price target of $43.20. Shares of Prudential Public Limited Company (NYSE:PUK) traded up 1.81% during trading on Tuesday, reaching $44.88. 400,868 shares of the company were exchanged. The company has a 50 day moving average price of $42.21 and a 200-day moving average price of $39.26. Prudential Public Limited Company has a one year low of $29.14 and a one year high of $44.93. The stock has a market capitalization of $57.68 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 23.92 and a beta of 1.68. Institutional investors have recently added to or reduced their stakes in the company. Wells Fargo & Company MN increased its position in Prudential Public Limited Company by 0.4% in the third quarter. Wells Fargo & Company MN now owns 1,714,362 shares of the financial services provider’s stock worth $61,220,000 after buying an additional 7,132 shares during the period. Profund Advisors LLC purchased a new position in Prudential Public Limited Company during the third quarter worth $1,197,000. Ameriprise Financial Inc. increased its position in Prudential Public Limited Company by 17.8% in the third quarter. Ameriprise Financial Inc. now owns 166,439 shares of the financial services provider’s stock worth $5,951,000 after buying an additional 25,146 shares during the period. ETRADE Capital Management LLC increased its position in Prudential Public Limited Company by 22.5% in the third quarter. ETRADE Capital Management LLC now owns 31,889 shares of the financial services provider’s stock worth $1,139,000 after buying an additional 5,858 shares during the period. Finally, Timber Hill LLC purchased a new position in Prudential Public Limited Company during the third quarter worth $508,000. 1.46% of the stock is owned by hedge funds and other institutional investors. The company also recently declared a semiannual dividend, which will be paid on Friday, May 26th. Shareholders of record on Friday, March 31st will be given a dividend of $0.744 per share. The ex-dividend date is Wednesday, March 29th. This represents a yield of 3.5%. This is an increase from Prudential Public Limited Company’s previous semiannual dividend of $0.34. About Prudential Public Limited Company Prudential Public Limited Company is an international financial services company. The Company has operations in Asia, the United States and the United Kingdom. Its segments include Insurance operations, including Asia, the United States (Jackson National Life Insurance Company (Jackson)) and the United Kingdom, and Asset management operations, including Eastspring Investments, the United States broker-dealer and asset management, M&G and Prudential Capital. Receive News & Ratings for Prudential Public Limited Company Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Prudential Public Limited Company and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Judge Uses Comment by President Trump in Ruling Fight for Border Wall Approaches in Attempt to Avoid Shutdown President Trump Attempting To Repeal ACA Again Vice President Pence Says North Korea Should Not Test U.S. Resolve Trump’s Back and Forth on Economics © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance American International Group Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for American International Group Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Taiwan Semiconductor Mfg. Co. Ltd. (TSM) Position Maintained by John G Ullman & Associates Inc. SunTrust Banks Brokers Lift Earnings Estimates for Cimarex Energy Co (XEC) Progenics Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (PGNX) Stake Maintained by Clear Harbor Asset Management LLC FY2018 Earnings Estimate for Glacier Bancorp, Inc. (GBCI) Issued By DA Davidson Conagra Brands Inc (CAG) Position Reduced by Janney Montgomery Scott LLC American International Group Inc (AIG) Expected to Earn FY2018 Earnings of $5.40 Per Share HollyFrontier Corp (HFC) Stake Reduced by Clear Harbor Asset Management LLC Janney Montgomery Scott LLC Acquires 29,654 Shares of HCP, Inc. (HCP) Xcel Energy Inc (XEL) Shares Sold by Park Avenue Securities LLC Baker Ellis Asset Management LLC Has $126,000 Stake in NTT Docomo Inc (DCM) Southwest Airlines Co (LUV) Stake Held by Baker Ellis Asset Management LLC Clear Harbor Asset Management LLC Continues to Hold Position in Dime Community Bancshares, Inc. (DCOM) Clear Harbor Asset Management LLC Sells 670 Shares of American Water Works Company Inc (AWK) Equity Residential (EQR) Position Reduced by Baker Ellis Asset Management LLC 3M Co (MMM) Given New $202.00 Price Target at Stifel Nicolaus Marriott Vacations Worldwide Corp (VAC) Upgraded to Buy at Zacks Investment Research Acadia Healthcare Company Inc (ACHC) Receives “Hold” Rating from Cantor Fitzgerald Masco Corp’s (MAS) Buy Rating Reaffirmed at Royal Bank of Canada McDonald's Co. (MCD) Receives Overweight Rating from Piper Jaffray Companies Shopify Inc (US) (SHOP) Lowered to Sector Perform at Raymond James Financial, Inc. American International Group Inc (AIG) Expected to Earn FY2018 Earnings of $5.40 Per Share April 27th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Latisha Jones Filed Under: Analyst Articles - Estimates - Finance Tweet American International Group Inc (NYSE:AIG) – Analysts at FBR & Co decreased their FY2018 EPS estimates for American International Group in a research note issued on Monday. FBR & Co analyst R. Binner now anticipates that the insurance provider will post earnings per share of $5.40 for the year, down from their prior forecast of $5.70. FBR & Co has a “Market Perform” rating and a $64.00 price objective on the stock. Several other research firms also recently weighed in on AIG. Deutsche Bank AG downgraded American International Group from a “hold” rating to a “sell” rating and cut their target price for the company from $6.00 to $5.00 in a research report on Monday, March 13th. Wells Fargo & Co reaffirmed a “hold” rating on shares of American International Group in a research report on Friday, March 24th. Vetr raised American International Group from a “buy” rating to a “strong-buy” rating and set a $72.50 price objective on the stock in a research report on Tuesday, March 28th. Barclays PLC reaffirmed a “buy” rating and issued a $74.00 price objective on shares of American International Group in a research report on Monday, February 20th. Finally, JPMorgan Chase & Co. cut their price objective on American International Group from $69.00 to $65.00 and set a “neutral” rating on the stock in a research report on Monday, April 3rd. One analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, four have given a hold rating, thirteen have given a buy rating and two have issued a strong buy rating to the company’s stock. The stock currently has a consensus rating of “Buy” and an average price target of $65.18. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY WARNING: “American International Group Inc (AIG) Expected to Earn FY2018 Earnings of $5.40 Per Share” was reported by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are viewing this piece of content on another website, it was illegally stolen and reposted in violation of U.S. and international copyright & trademark law. The correct version of this piece of content can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/27/american-international-group-inc-aig-expected-to-earn-fy2018-earnings-of-5-40-per-share.html. Shares of American International Group (NYSE:AIG) traded up 1.953% on Tuesday, reaching $61.335. 4,996,441 shares of the company’s stock were exchanged. The firm’s market cap is $60.08 billion. American International Group has a one year low of $48.41 and a one year high of $67.47. The company has a 50 day moving average price of $61.41 and a 200 day moving average price of $63.26. American International Group (NYSE:AIG) last issued its quarterly earnings results on Tuesday, February 14th. The insurance provider reported ($2.72) EPS for the quarter, missing analysts’ consensus estimates of $1.18 by $3.90. American International Group had a net margin of 0.66% and a return on equity of 1.82%. The business had revenue of $14.13 billion for the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $11.51 billion. During the same quarter in the previous year, the business earned ($1.10) earnings per share. Hedge funds have recently bought and sold shares of the company. Commonwealth Equity Services Inc raised its stake in American International Group by 1.1% in the third quarter. Commonwealth Equity Services Inc now owns 47,615 shares of the insurance provider’s stock valued at $2,825,000 after buying an additional 526 shares during the period. K.J. Harrison & Partners Inc increased its position in shares of American International Group by 12.5% in the third quarter. K.J. Harrison & Partners Inc now owns 11,250 shares of the insurance provider’s stock worth $668,000 after buying an additional 1,250 shares in the last quarter. Hermes Investment Management Ltd. increased its position in shares of American International Group by 0.4% in the third quarter. Hermes Investment Management Ltd. now owns 606,402 shares of the insurance provider’s stock worth $35,984,000 after buying an additional 2,500 shares in the last quarter. Baskin Financial Services Inc. increased its position in shares of American International Group by 0.3% in the third quarter. Baskin Financial Services Inc. now owns 153,058 shares of the insurance provider’s stock worth $9,081,000 after buying an additional 515 shares in the last quarter. Finally, DnB Asset Management AS increased its position in shares of American International Group by 150.2% in the third quarter. DnB Asset Management AS now owns 263,694 shares of the insurance provider’s stock worth $15,648,000 after buying an additional 158,300 shares in the last quarter. 83.72% of the stock is currently owned by hedge funds and other institutional investors. In related news, insider Philip Fasano sold 6,000 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction dated Monday, February 27th. The stock was sold at an average price of $63.59, for a total transaction of $381,540.00. The transaction was disclosed in a document filed with the SEC, which can be accessed through the SEC website. 1.04% of the stock is owned by company insiders. The business also recently announced a quarterly dividend, which was paid on Wednesday, March 29th. Investors of record on Wednesday, March 15th were issued a dividend of $0.32 per share. This represents a $1.28 annualized dividend and a yield of 2.13%. The ex-dividend date was Monday, March 13th. American International Group’s dividend payout ratio (DPR) is 290.92%. About American International Group American International Group, Inc is a global insurance company. The Company provides a range of property casualty insurance, life insurance, retirement products and other financial services to commercial and individual customers. Its segments include Commercial Insurance, Consumer Insurance, Other Operations and Legacy Portfolio. Receive News & Ratings for American International Group Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for American International Group Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Judge Uses Comment by President Trump in Ruling Fight for Border Wall Approaches in Attempt to Avoid Shutdown President Trump Attempting To Repeal ACA Again Vice President Pence Says North Korea Should Not Test U.S. Resolve Trump’s Back and Forth on Economics © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Market Trend Market Trend The Big Picture Stock Market Today IBD's ETF Market Strategy Psychological Market Indicators Stock Lists Stock Lists My Stock Lists IBD Big Cap 20 IPO Leaders Stocks Near A Buy Zone IBD 50 New Highs Global Leaders Your Weekly Review Sector Leaders Relative Strength at New High Rising Profit Estimates Tech Leaders Stock Spotlight CAN SLIM Select Stocks that Funds are Buying IBD Data Tables Stocks On The Move Research Stock Research IBD Stock Checkup IBD Charts ETFs & Funds Investing Action Plan The Income Investor ETF Center Earnings Preview Industry Snapshot IBD Industry Themes IBD Stock Analysis Short Selling Futures & Options The New America Swing Trading Bonds IBD Data Stories Premium Investing Tools Leaderboard Swing Trader eTables Top Rated Stocks Under $10 MarketSmith News NEWS eIBD Best ETFs Technology ETF Leaders Click Tech Blog Best Mutual Funds FANG Stocks News Economy Retirement Economic Calendar Personal Finance Real Estate Financial Advisor Briefing Special Reports Management Industry News Pages Politics Politics Editorials Trump News & Tweets Commentary The Trump Economy Columnists Economic Optimism Index Policy & Analysis IBD/TIPP Poll IBD Videos Investing Videos Home Study Programs How to Invest Lesson Topics Getting Started with IBD The CAN SLIM Investing System How to Time the Stock Market How to Find and Evaluate Stocks How to Read Stock Charts How to Buy Stocks How to Sell Stocks Swing Trading Educational Resources New to IBD IBD Meetups Ask IBD Investor's Corner IBD Key Terms IBD Live Workshops IBD Home Study Courses Webinars Leaderboard Swing Trader MarketSmith Store BREAKING:  Nasdaq Futures Higher On Amazon, Alphabet News Shopping Cart Your cart is currently empty. Visit the IBD Store to get started. Market Trend Market Trend The Big Picture Stock Market Today IBD's ETF Market Strategy Psychological Market Indicators Stock Lists Stock Lists My Stock Lists IBD Big Cap 20 IPO Leaders Stocks Near A Buy Zone IBD 50 New Highs Global Leaders Your Weekly Review Sector Leaders Relative Strength at New High Rising Profit Estimates Tech Leaders Stock Spotlight CAN SLIM Select Stocks that Funds are Buying IBD Data Tables Stocks On The Move Research Stock Research IBD Stock Checkup IBD Charts ETFs & Funds Investing Action Plan The Income Investor ETF Center Earnings Preview Industry Snapshot IBD Industry Themes IBD Stock Analysis Short Selling Futures & Options The New America Swing Trading Bonds IBD Data Stories Premium Investing Tools Leaderboard Swing Trader eTables Top Rated Stocks Under $10 MarketSmith News NEWS eIBD Best ETFs Technology ETF Leaders Click Tech Blog Best Mutual Funds FANG Stocks News Economy Retirement Economic Calendar Personal Finance Real Estate Financial Advisor Briefing Special Reports Management Industry News Pages Politics Politics Editorials Trump News & Tweets Commentary The Trump Economy Columnists Economic Optimism Index Policy & Analysis IBD/TIPP Poll IBD Videos Investing Videos Home Study Programs How to Invest Lesson Topics Getting Started with IBD The CAN SLIM Investing System How to Time the Stock Market How to Find and Evaluate Stocks How to Read Stock Charts How to Buy Stocks How to Sell Stocks Swing Trading Educational Resources New to IBD IBD Meetups Ask IBD Investor's Corner IBD Key Terms IBD Live Workshops IBD Home Study Courses Webinars Leaderboard Swing Trader MarketSmith Store Hi MY IBD SIGN OUT My Products My Favorites My Stock Lists Edit Sign In Shopping Cart News This Kind Of Airline Competition Is Hitting Buffett's Portfolio BILL PETERS 4/27/2017 Reprints When Berkshire Hathaway (BKRB) CEO Warren Buffett loaded up on airline stocks last year, he reportedly did so because years of mergers consolidated the industry into a handful of large carriers that kept a lid on competition for passengers and made business more stable. But as Thursday's market freakout over American Airlines' (AAL) higher labor costs shows, airlines still have to battle each other aggressively on employee pay and costs, even as the "wide moat" that drew Buffett to the sector protects the carriers from new entrants. What's more, airlines still remain competitive on adding seats and flights to different parts of the world. American in January suggested that it might ratchet up domestic flight capacity, and United defended its own growth plans. Moves like that, as they have over the past two years, threaten to raise investors' stress about more competition and fare discounts that erode profits and returns. American late Wednesday said it wants the pay of its pilots and flight attendants to equal that of rival carriers. Wall Street got mad Thursday, and shares closed down 5.2% on the stock market today, after sinking as much as 8.6% earlier. Southwest (LUV) added to worries about higher expenses in the airline sector when it reported Q1 earnings that missed forecasts, with costs weighing there too. Shares fell 2.1%. Delta Air Lines (DAL) lost 1.4,% and United Airlines (UAL) dipped 0.9%. JetBlue (JBLU) edged 0.5% lower, and Alaska Air Group (ALK) sank 3.8%, while Hawaiian Holdings (HA) rose 0.1%. Berkshire Hathaway shares dropped 0.6% American said the higher pay would raise costs by some $230 million this year — hitting EPS as much as 35 cents per share, Cowen analysts said — and $350 million for next year and 2019, which could impact EPS by up to 50 cents. In a statement Wednesday, American Airlines CEO Doug Parker and President Robert Isom said the proposed midcontract pay raises follow a commitment after its merger to compensate staff on the same level as its rivals. "But as our industry has rapidly evolved and pay increases at other airlines have accelerated, some of our colleagues have fallen behind their peers at other airlines in base pay rates," the statement said. "And, unless their current contracts are modified, they'll remain far behind for more than two years." But the potential pay hike worried some analysts. "We are troubled by AAL's wealth transfer of nearly $1 billion to its labor groups," JPMorgan analysts said in a research note quoted by Reuters. "In addition to raising fixed costs, American's agreement with its labor stakeholders establishes a worrying precedent, in our view, both for American and the industry." Pilots and flight attendants ratified new five-year contracts in 2014 and 2015, ahead of pay raises at American's two biggest rivals. However, the statement added that currently, pilot hourly pay rates were roughly 8% lower than the industry's best, while rates for flight attendants were around 4% lower. The pressure from labor groups has been building. "While the move is a drag on earnings, it likely removes an overhang on the shares," Raymond James analyst Savanthi Syth wrote in a research note. The proposal needs union approval, and management said "we do not expect disagreement." Other analysts, however, expressed caution about the response from workers. "We believe there is some risk that they think they should be paid more than Delta and United employees," Cowen analyst Helane Becker said in a research note. "Giving pay increases out of negotiations is risky and could backfire." Southwest, meanwhile, said it expected unit costs, excluding fuel and other items, to rise around 6% in Q2, based on current cost patterns. In Q1, Southwest said costs rose "due to the significant snap up in wage rates" following its own new contract for flight attendants and pilots that took hold in Q4. Costs were also up due to the preparation of a new reservation system. EPS during the quarter fell 31% to 61 cents, after industry profits were padded a year ago by cheap fuel prices, missing estimates for 63 cents. Revenue slipped 1% to $4.883 billion, missing views of $4.92 billion. Still, Southwest forecast positive unit revenue, or sales as they relate to an airline's flight capacity, in Q2. As for American, its quarterly results and forecast on Thursday remained solid despite the potential extra labor costs and sees Q2 unit revenue rising 3%-5%, reflecting better demand in corporate and leisure travel. Adjusted pretax margins in Q2 are expected to come in at 11%-13%. Q1 EPS plunged 51% to 61 cents, after cheap fuel padded profits a year earlier. Those results topped estimates for 57 cents. Revenue ticked up 2% to $9.624 billion, just shy of expectations for $9.629 billion. The company said that results so far in its Basic Economy fare class were "encouraging." "Approximately 50% of customers who are presented with a choice for Basic Economy end up choosing a Main Cabin fare, showing that they understand their options and are choosing the ticket that's the right fit for their travel," Isom said in a statement. Meanwhile, United said it would raise its payout ceiling for travelers bumped from flights to $10,000 after one such passenger was dragged from a plane earlier this month. The company, which promised a review of that incident by April 30, after it drew worldwide anger, also said it would reduce overbookings, among a series of other policy changes. RELATED: Delta Says It Handles Overbookings Better Than Rivals; Outlook Strong Delta, American, United Go Guns Blazing Into Battle Of The Atlantic   BILL PETERS | Facebook | @IBD_BPeters Share this: Related news Get on board with the latest airline industry news and stocks to watch. (©BRIAN_KINNEY/stock.adobe.com) Airline Industry News And Stocks To Watch 4/27/2017 After a wave of mergers, the airline industry's consolidation appears to have slowed the trend of rising capacity and damaging... 4/27/2017 After a wave of mergers, the airline industry's consolidation appears... Dragged-Off United Passenger Called 'Unintended Champion' For Change Delta, United Rival Emirates Cuts U.S. Flights After Trump Crackdown This Tirade From United Airlines May Have Sunk Its Stock United Won't Commit To Ending Denied Boardings; Defends Capacity Growth Plan Stocks Open Lower; 4 Key Tech Names Report After The Close United Sees Capacity Growth Topping Delta's After Beating Q1 Views Investors Unfazed By North Korea; Netflix, United Airlines Earnings On Tap Week In Review: Dow Tested; United's PR Disaster; Wal-Mart Vs. Amazon, Tesla Vs. GM, Apple Vs. Suppliers Today's Spotlight Get Leaderboard There are several Leaders near a buy point, start your free 2 week trial now and get instant access. Don’t Miss The MoneyShow Join IBD investing experts for free workshops at Las Vegas and learn more about IBD products. Free IBD Trading Summit Attend a Summit in Los Angeles (4/29) or Orlando (5/6) to learn about swing trading & growth stocks! More News As Netflix, Amazon Roil Hollywood, Here Come Snap, Facebook This Shows Why Google Is A Buy Before Earnings Today The Direxion Leveraged ETF Online Education Center helps you understand if leveraged ETFs are suitable for you. Promoted Content By Direxion Special Report Best Online Brokers Find the broker that's right for you with IBD's annual list of the Best Online Brokers. TRADING CENTER INVESTING RESOURCES SUBSCRIBE TO THE IBD DIGITAL EDITION Get 4 free weeks of the IBD Digital edition plus access to IBD's exclusive market analysis, proprietary stock ratings and interactive tools. WATCH, LEARN AND LISTEN WITH IBD VIDEOS Stay on top of the market with IBD's exclusive videos. You will find the latest news, market analysis, and education to help you become a more successful investor. GETTING STARTED WITH IBD Get the most out of IBD's products and features by learning the CAN SLIM Investing System and staying in sync with the market trend. IBD Stock Charts IBD Stock Checkup Stock Quotes CAN SLIM Advisors MarketSmith How to Buy Stocks How to Read Stock Charts When to Sell Stocks IBD Retail Locations Ad Choices About Us Advertising Contact Us Terms & Privacy Policy Site Map IBD Stock Charts IBD Stock Checkup Stock Quotes CAN SLIM Advisors MarketSmith How to Buy Stocks How to Read Stock Charts When to Sell Stocks IBD Retail Locations Ad Choices Stock Market Today The Big Picture Economic Calendar Investing Workshops New to IBD Economy Technology Politics Editorials Co-Browse Connect With Us On Notice: Information contained herein is not and should not be construed as an offer, solicitation, or recommendation to buy or sell securities. The information has been obtained from sources we believe to be reliable; however no guarantee is made or implied with respect to its accuracy, timeliness, or completeness. Authors may own the stocks they discuss. The information and content are subject to change without notice. *Real-time prices by Bats®. Volume delayed. Real-time quote and/or trade prices are not sourced from all markets. © 2000-2017 Investor's Business Daily, Inc. All rights reserved
Friday, April 28, 2017 Login Register Subscribe Welcome Guest Account Settings Register Log out Navigation Editors’ Picks Weather Search Munoz's biggest challenge at United: fixing a 'toxic culture' The business case for legalizing pot How big of a threat can a 13-bed hospital really be? Meet the rebuilders of the Chicago Southland The baffler in chief unsettles Illinois pols Lakeside Center: Obsolete but critical These stock-pickers continue to outsmart the indexes × Munoz's biggest challenge at United: fixing a 'toxic culture' The business case for legalizing pot How big of a threat can a 13-bed hospital really be? Meet the rebuilders of the Chicago Southland The baffler in chief unsettles Illinois pols Don't underestimate damage done to U of I in budget war Lakeside Center: Obsolete but critical When a for-profit business infuses its brand with patriotism These stock-pickers continue to outsmart the indexes McDonald's is paying its chief too much too soon × Weather × Search News Economy Education Finance Health Care Law & Professional Services Manufacturing Media & Marketing Retail & Consumer Goods Small Business Sports Technology Transportation Utilities Politics Andy Shaw City and County Government Greg Hinz Rich Miller State and Federal Government Opinion & Columnists Editorial Editorial Cartoon Opinion Cahill on Business Ecker on Sports Hinz on Politics Kapos Takes Names Miller on Springfield Pletz on Tech Shaw on Government Lifestyle & Dining Architecture & Style Arts & Culture Dining Gadgets & Tech Society & People Travel Wellness & Fitness Real Estate Special Reports All Lists Book of Lists Privately Held Publicly Held Fast 50 40 Under 40 20 in Their 20s Best Places to Work Who's Who Tech 50 Small Business Guide Coolest Offices This Week's Crain's Academy & Events Crain’s Academy Crain’s Events Advertise People on the Move April 27, 2017 By Steve Daniels Wintrust wins customer-satisfaction crown for first time Customer satisfaction was highest for Wintrust Financial among retail banks in the Midwest in J.D. Power's annual survey. It was the first time in the 12 years of the survey that ... To see the full article, subscribe or log in. Today's Crain's Get our daily roundup of important business news. Company Contact Us Crain’s Chicago Data Center Order Reprints Connect Subscribe to Crain’s Chicago Business Subscribe to Crain’s Free E-Newsletters Attend Crain’s Events Submit to People on the Move Advertise Advertise with Crain’s Crain’s Custom Media Opportunities Classified Advertising Privacy Policy • Terms of Service Copyright © 2017 Crain Communication, Inc.
Bloomberg the Company & Its ProductsBloomberg Anywhere Remote LoginBloomberg Anywhere LoginBloomberg Terminal Demo Request Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Philanthropy & Engagement Bloomberg London Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Execution & Order Management Data & Content Financial Data Management Integration & Distribution Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps Bloomberg Briefs News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Philanthropy & Engagement Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Bloomberg London Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps Bloomberg Briefs News Bureaus Media Services Advertising Bloomberg Media Distribution Bloomberg Live Conferences Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Execution & Order Management Data & Content Financial Data Management Integration & Distribution Bloomberg Tradebook Enterprise Products Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center MENU Homepage Markets Stocks Currencies Commodities Rates + Bonds Economics Magazine Benchmark Watchlist Economic Calendar Tech U.S. Global Startups Cybersecurity Digital Media Bloomberg Technology TV Hello World Studio 1.0 Pursuits Cars & Bikes Style & Grooming Spend Watches & Gadgets Food & Drinks Travel Real Estate Art & Design Brilliant Ideas Politics Global Risk Briefing How We’ll Know if Trump Is Making America Great Again Tracking Trump’s Web of Conflicts The Inauguration of Donald J. Trump On the March in Trump’s Capital Opinion View Gadfly Businessweek Subscribe Cover Stories Opening Remarks Etc Features 85th Anniversary Issue Behind The Cover More Climate Changed Video Series: Ventures Graphics Billionaires Game Plan Small Business Personal Finance Inspire GO The David Rubenstein Show Sponsored Content Bloomberg About The Company Sign In Sign In Subscribe Airline Stocks Plunge After American's ‘Worrying Precedent’ on Pay by Mary Schlangenstein @Schlangenstein More stories by Mary Schlangenstein April 27, 2017, 7:59 AM EDT April 27, 2017, 2:17 PM EDT Carrier drags down industry stocks after granting raises JPMorgan sees blow to ‘it’s different this time’ viewpoint American Airlines Group Inc. sent industry stocks reeling after unexpectedly granting pay raises to pilots and flight attendants -- a move seen as weakening the case that carriers are poised to generate steady profits. The pay bumps will add $930 million in costs through 2019, American said. Chief Executive Officer Doug Parker reversed his earlier opposition to increasing compensation before labor contracts expire, following months of pressure from employees who argued they were falling behind counterparts at rival carriers. Exclusive insights on technology around the world. Get Fully Charged, from Bloomberg Technology. Sign Up Stepped-up compensation at the world’s largest carrier is fueling doubts about airlines’ ability to avoid spiraling costs and cash in on industry consolidation that’s supposed to lead to steady returns after decades of boom and bust. Berkshire Hathaway Inc., billionaire Warren Buffett’s company, became one of the biggest shareholders in American and its rivals last year, rewarding Parker’s efforts to woo investors with the promise of a new era for airlines. The compensation action “establishes a worrying precedent, in our view, both for American and the industry,” Jamie Baker, an analyst at JPMorgan Chase & Co., said in a note Thursday. “In our minds, this is a seminal event, and represents the first credible potential blow to our long-held ‘it’s different this time’ investment thesis.” Higher pay could reduce American’s 2017 earnings by 29 cents a share and 2018 results by 46 cents, said Baker. He cut his recommendation on American to neutral from overweight. American tumbled 5.2 percent to $43.99 at 2:04 p.m. in New York after dropping as much as 8.6 percent for the biggest intraday decline in 10 months. A Bloomberg index of U.S. airlines fell as much as 4.3 percent, the most since Jan. 30. Customer Service American said it was bringing compensation in line with the highest pay rates at its primary rivals after significant gains last year by employees at Delta Air Lines Inc. and United Continental Holdings Inc. Doing so meant granting increases before labor contracts for pilots and flight attendants expire in the next few years. The changes need union approval. “We believe there is some risk that they think they should be paid more than Delta and United employees,” Helane Becker, an analyst at Cowen & Co., said in a note to clients. “Giving pay increases out of negotiations is risky and could backfire.” Parker said sweetening compensation would lead to better customer service and improve American’s fortunes in the long term. The CEO has struggled to improve a long history of strained management-labor relations at Fort Worth, Texas-based American since assuming control of the airline after its 2013 merger with US Airways. Lingering Mistrust Years before he took over, workers agreed to concessions in an effort to save the carrier from bankruptcy, only to learn that top executives had received bonuses and pension protection. After the company filed for Chapter 11 in 2011, unions accepted a second round of givebacks. Parker has acknowledged that workers still don’t trust managers. “It’s a move that might surprise or even dismay some of you because it adds costs to the airline, but we couldn’t be more convicted about doing it,” he told investors and analysts on a conference call after announcing earnings. “This increase in our near-term expenses in no way changes our view about our long-term prospects.” Costs for each seat flown a mile are expected to climb 5 percent this year, American said. The previous forecast was for a 4 percent increase. ‘Intensely Focused’ American isn’t the only carrier wrestling with higher expenses. Southwest Airlines Co.’s costs jumped as higher wage rates took effect for pilots and flight attendants under contracts ratified last year. The Dallas-based discounter is also investing in a new reservation system. Costs for each seat flown a mile climbed 6.9 percent even after excluding the effect of oil, special items and profit-sharing, Southwest said in a statement. That was at the high end of the company’s forecast. “We remain intensely focused on controlling costs,” CEO Gary Kelly said in the statement. He said the pressures should “abate dramatically” later this year. Kelly rejected the view that American’s move set a risky precedent, saying labor contracts sometimes need to be adjusted before their expiration. Contract Changes “We make changes, historically, all the time,” he said on a conference call to discuss quarterly earnings. “Is it a dangerous precedent? No. It is a framework. The only way it works is if you have a true partnership.” Southwest fell 1.9 percent to $55.88. An earlier decline of as much as 4.3 percent was the biggest intraday slide since November. Investors were probably disappointed by Southwest’s cost outlook on higher employee wages and fuel prices and its lack of progress in improving average fares, said Logan Purk, an analyst at Edward Jones. “Those combined are a bit too much of a headwind for Southwest to offset,” he said in an interview. The airline reported first-quarter adjusted earnings of 61 cents a share, missing the 63-cent average of analysts’ estimates compiled by Bloomberg. Sales rose 1.2 percent to $4.88 billion, falling short of the $4.92 billion anticipated by analysts. Unit revenue declined 2.8 percent. The airline had forecast it could drop as much as 3 percent. Pricing Gains Cost pressures are squeezing American just as it’s finally strengthening its grip on fares. Revenue for each seat flown a mile, a proxy for pricing power, will rise 3 percent to 5 percent in the current quarter, the carrier said in a statement Thursday. That would be the third straight gain in the benchmark measure as American emerges from the aftermath of a fare war that erupted in 2015. American reported first-quarter adjusted earnings of 61 cents a share, topping the 57-cent average of analyst estimates compiled by Bloomberg. Sales were $9.62 billion, in line with estimates. Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal. LEARN MORE Most Read Jeff Bezos Is Just $5 Billion Away From Being the World's Richest Person With Secret Airship, Sergey Brin Also Wants to Fly Why Getting Fired Is Worse Than Divorce Under Armour Loses Whatever Swagger It Had Left Amazon Extends Growth Streak, Unfazed by Lavish Spending Terms of Service Trademarks Privacy Policy ©2017 Bloomberg L.P. All Rights Reserved Careers Made in NYC Advertise Ad Choices Website Feedback Help
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance BT Group plc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for BT Group plc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News C R Bard Inc (BCR) Downgraded by Raymond James Financial, Inc. to Mkt Perform BT Group plc (BT) Given New GBX 425 Price Target at Royal Bank of Canada Hershey Co (HSY) Updates FY17 Earnings Guidance American States Water Co (AWR) Downgraded by Zacks Investment Research to Sell ACCO Brands Co. (ACCO) Lowered to Hold at Zacks Investment Research Briggs & Stratton Co. (BGG) Downgraded by Zacks Investment Research to “Hold” Peabody Energy’s (BTU) Overweight Rating Reaffirmed at JPMorgan Chase & Co. Valeant Pharmaceuticals Intl Inc (VRX) Price Target Cut to $12.00 by Analysts at Scotiabank Analysts Offer Predictions for Nintendo Co., Ltd’s Q1 2018 Earnings (NTDOY) Capital One Financial Corp. Weighs in on Paramount Group Inc’s Q1 2018 Earnings (PGRE) Watsco Inc (WSO) Upgraded by Seaport Global Securities to “Buy” Xerox Corp’s (XRX) “Overweight” Rating Reaffirmed at Morgan Stanley Park National Co. (PRK) Upgraded to Buy at Zacks Investment Research Japan Tobacco Inc (JAPAY) Upgraded to Buy at Zacks Investment Research Canfor Pulp Products Inc (CFX) Price Target Raised to C$14.50 at Raymond James Financial, Inc. Duncker Streett & Co. Inc. Has $400,000 Stake in Marriott International Inc (MAR) First Mercantile Trust Co. Has $1.203 Million Stake in Reinsurance Group of America Inc (RGA) Dubuque Bank & Trust Co. Takes Position in Analogic Co. (ALOG) Cintas Co. (CTAS) Stake Maintained by Duncker Streett & Co. Inc. Dubuque Bank & Trust Co. Buys New Position in Easterly Government Properties Inc (DEA) BT Group plc (BT) Given New GBX 425 Price Target at Royal Bank of Canada April 27th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Tyrone Williams Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Finance Tweet BT Group plc (NYSE:BT) had its target price cut by Royal Bank of Canada from GBX 465 ($5.94) to GBX 425 ($5.43) in a research report report published on Wednesday morning, StockTargetPrices.com reports. They currently have an outperform rating on the utilities provider’s stock. BT has been the subject of several other reports. BNP Paribas reaffirmed a neutral rating and issued a GBX 330 ($4.22) target price on shares of BT Group plc in a research report on Tuesday, March 14th. HSBC Holdings plc dropped their target price on shares of BT Group plc from GBX 420 ($5.37) to GBX 370 ($4.73) and set a buy rating for the company in a research report on Friday, April 21st. Barclays PLC reaffirmed an overweight rating and issued a GBX 475 ($6.07) target price on shares of BT Group plc in a research report on Thursday, February 23rd. JPMorgan Chase & Co. reaffirmed a neutral rating and issued a GBX 330 ($4.22) target price on shares of BT Group plc in a research report on Thursday, February 9th. Finally, Deutsche Bank AG reaffirmed a sell rating and issued a GBX 275 ($3.52) target price on shares of BT Group plc in a research report on Friday, April 21st. One analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, nine have issued a hold rating and eight have assigned a buy rating to the company. The company has a consensus rating of Hold and an average target price of $362.12. BT Group plc (NYSE:BT) traded up 0.275% on Wednesday, reaching $20.075. 1,721,134 shares of the company’s stock were exchanged. BT Group plc has a 52-week low of $19.14 and a 52-week high of $33.50. The company has a market cap of $39.92 billion, a PE ratio of 13.473 and a beta of 1.07. The firm’s 50 day moving average price is $20.15 and its 200 day moving average price is $21.68. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION NOTICE: This news story was posted by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are reading this news story on another domain, it was illegally copied and reposted in violation of US & international trademark and copyright law. The legal version of this news story can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/27/bt-group-plc-bt-given-new-gbx-425-price-target-at-royal-bank-of-canada.html. Hedge funds have recently added to or reduced their stakes in the stock. Miller Howard Investments Inc. NY raised its stake in BT Group plc by 4.4% in the first quarter. Miller Howard Investments Inc. NY now owns 553,619 shares of the utilities provider’s stock worth $11,122,000 after buying an additional 23,374 shares in the last quarter. FMR LLC raised its stake in BT Group plc by 15.9% in the fourth quarter. FMR LLC now owns 399,758 shares of the utilities provider’s stock worth $9,206,000 after buying an additional 54,830 shares in the last quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. raised its stake in BT Group plc by 198.6% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 342,739 shares of the utilities provider’s stock worth $8,716,000 after buying an additional 227,938 shares in the last quarter. Fiera Capital Corp purchased a new stake in BT Group plc during the fourth quarter worth $4,629,000. Finally, Capstone Asset Management Co. raised its stake in BT Group plc by 6.8% in the first quarter. Capstone Asset Management Co. now owns 163,993 shares of the utilities provider’s stock worth $3,295,000 after buying an additional 10,420 shares in the last quarter. Institutional investors and hedge funds own 1.10% of the company’s stock. About BT Group plc Receive News & Ratings for BT Group plc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for BT Group plc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Judge Uses Comment by President Trump in Ruling Fight for Border Wall Approaches in Attempt to Avoid Shutdown President Trump Attempting To Repeal ACA Again Vice President Pence Says North Korea Should Not Test U.S. Resolve Trump’s Back and Forth on Economics © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Bloomberg the Company & Its ProductsBloomberg Anywhere Remote LoginBloomberg Anywhere LoginBloomberg Terminal Demo Request Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Philanthropy & Engagement Bloomberg London Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Execution & Order Management Data & Content Financial Data Management Integration & Distribution Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps Bloomberg Briefs News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Philanthropy & Engagement Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Bloomberg London Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps Bloomberg Briefs News Bureaus Media Services Advertising Bloomberg Media Distribution Bloomberg Live Conferences Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Execution & Order Management Data & Content Financial Data Management Integration & Distribution Bloomberg Tradebook Enterprise Products Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center MENU Homepage Markets Stocks Currencies Commodities Rates + Bonds Economics Magazine Benchmark Watchlist Economic Calendar Tech U.S. Global Startups Cybersecurity Digital Media Bloomberg Technology TV Hello World Studio 1.0 Pursuits Cars & Bikes Style & Grooming Spend Watches & Gadgets Food & Drinks Travel Real Estate Art & Design Brilliant Ideas Politics Global Risk Briefing How We’ll Know if Trump Is Making America Great Again Tracking Trump’s Web of Conflicts The Inauguration of Donald J. Trump On the March in Trump’s Capital Opinion View Gadfly Businessweek Subscribe Cover Stories Opening Remarks Etc Features 85th Anniversary Issue Behind The Cover More Climate Changed Video Series: Ventures Graphics Billionaires Game Plan Small Business Personal Finance Inspire GO The David Rubenstein Show Sponsored Content Bloomberg About The Company Sign In Sign In Subscribe Source: American Airlines American’s CEO Sides With Airline Workers Against Wall Street by Justin Bachman @justinbachman More stories by Justin Bachman April 27, 2017, 2:29 PM EDT Bankers are mad the carrier's employees are getting a raise. Doug Parker says higher wages will make up for tough times. In the three years since he merged US Airways with American Airlines, Chief Executive Officer Doug Parker has been a preacher of sorts, arguing that it’s a new world order for U.S. carriers and that the bad old days are over. Airline investors, which now include billionaire Warren Buffett, have been leery of this optimism, given the industry’s history of good times begetting bad behavior on worker wages and flight capacity. The latest battle between labor and capital is in Texas, with American Airlines Group Inc. spooking Wall Street yet again by increasing pilot and flight attendant salaries an average of 6.5 percent, or by a total of $930 million through 2019. “This is a seminal event, and represents the first, credible potential blow to our long-held ‘it’s different this time’ investment thesis,” JPMorgan Chase & Co. analyst Jamie Baker wrote Thursday in a client note, calling himself “troubled” by the airline’s “wealth transfer of nearly $1 billion” to labor groups. The bank cut its recommendation on American to neutral from overweight. Responding to skeptical analysts the day after the pay raise, Parker described the higher wages as a correction to years of “incredibly difficult times” for airline employees. He also adopted a different twist in his long debate with investors: Every bad thing airline owners have feared since the Great Recession has actually happened and profits are still strong. “All the things that I think people were worried about, we’ve done, and we still have a business that is producing returns like it’s never seen before,” Parker said Thursday, citing a glut of new flying that occurred when fuel prices plunged in 2015, labor wage hikes, and volatility in fuel prices, which began rising last year. The most important business stories of the day. Get Bloomberg's daily newsletter. Sign Up The effort is the airline’s way of responding to employees who have been critical of the large wage gap between American’s rates and those at Delta Air Lines Inc. and United Continental Holdings Inc., both of which have newer contracts with their pilots and flight attendants. Those contracts had put American’s pilots about 8 percent below the prevailing industry rate and flight attendants about 4 percent lower, according to a letter Parker and President Robert Isom sent employees on Wednesday. “As a service organization, investments in our team are investments in our product,” Parker said Thursday. American shares fell 5.8 percent in afternoon trading and are down 6.5 percent so far this year. The American flight attendants’ contract can be amended in December 2019, with the pilots’ deal coming open for negotiations the following month. Parker said the pay increases were merely an acceleration of higher costs that were inevitable from the next contracts. “This investment is going to make a difference in our service,” Parker said Thursday, with the equalized salaries helping Fort Worth-based American close a revenue gap it suffers with other carriers. “And as that happens, all of you will be the beneficiaries,” he said. Average union employee pay has increased by more than 39 percent since the airline’s December 2013 merger, American said. It’s also worth noting that in April 2015, Parker asked directors to change his compensation entirely to American stock, giving him more personal incentive to drive the share price higher. Given the industry’s structural changes, Parker has said that American is likely to earn about $5 billion annually before tax, as a long-term baseline, with a $2 billion variance on either side for years that are either weak or strong. His larger point is the consistent black ink on the income statement: a roughly $3 billion profit during a down year that once would have meant red ink. Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal. LEARN MORE Most Read Jeff Bezos Is Just $5 Billion Away From Being the World's Richest Person With Secret Airship, Sergey Brin Also Wants to Fly Why Getting Fired Is Worse Than Divorce Under Armour Loses Whatever Swagger It Had Left Amazon Extends Growth Streak, Unfazed by Lavish Spending Terms of Service Trademarks Privacy Policy ©2017 Bloomberg L.P. All Rights Reserved Careers Made in NYC Advertise Ad Choices Website Feedback Help
24/7 Wall St. - Insightful Analysis and Commentary for U.S. and Global Equity Investors Search this site Business Aerospace & Defense Autos Banking & Finance Commodities & Metals Consumer Products Energy Healthcare Industrials Infrastructure Media Retail Services Technology Apps & Software Consumer Electronics Telecom & Wireless Apple Inc. Facebook Google Investing Analyst Upgrades Bankruptcy Buffett Corporate Governance Corporate Performance Dividends and Buybacks Earnings ETFs and Mutual Funds International Markets IPOs and Secondaries Mergers and Acquisitions Personal Finance Rumors Value Investing Economy Energy Government Regulation Healthcare Housing Jobs Special Report Brands and Products Cities Countries States Analysts Getting More Positive on Boeing for 2017 and 2018 By Paul Ausick April 27, 2017 12:10 pm EDT Print Email Tweet Following the company’s earnings announcement on Wednesday, shares of Boeing Co. (NYSE: BA) dipped 1.9%, before recovering by the end of the day to regain about half of the dip. The aircraft maker’s deliveries dropped by 4% year over year for the quarter, and revenues were down by about $370 million. Profits beat estimates by six cents per share. Margins improved, however, and new orders rose to 198, yielding a book-to-bill ratio of about 1.05 to 1.00. These positive signs were encouraging enough to induce some analysts to raise their price target on the stock. Boeing also reiterated its cash flow estimate of around $10.75 billion for the full year and maintained its estimate of commercial jet deliveries of 760 to 765. We want to look at both sides of the story, balancing the positive views with one negative view. First, the good news for Boeing and its investors. Cowen raised its price target from $195 to $215, and RBC lifted its price target from $138 to $146 per share. JPMorgan raised its price target from $185 to $205 and rates the stock Neutral. Merrill Lynch sees Boeing differently. The analysts maintained their Underperform rating and kept their $150 price objective on the stock. The firm said it continues to believe that the aerospace industry may be in the early stages of a down cycle. Here’s what it said in its investment rationale: BA is changing the face of commercial aerospace with the 787. We firmly believe that the use of composites as the primary structure on the 787 marks a fundamental shift in the industry. We expect the stock to be pressured in the medium term as Boeing grapples with industry concerns regarding overproduction as well as development and production risks on programs like the 787, 777X, and 737 MAX. Boeing also has plans to grow its support and services business to around $50 billion in 10 years. The company does not break out how much of its revenue in the commercial jet division comes from service and support, but one analyst estimates that the company’s current revenue stream, including military service and support, is around $17 million. Essentially tripling that total in 10 years is an ambitious goal, and it may be critical to Boeing’s future growth if demand for commercial jets should hit the doldrums. Boeing’s stock traded up about 0.9% in the noon hour Wednesday, at $183.46 in a 52-week range of $122.35 to $185.71. The 12-month consensus price target is $181.90 and may not include these latest changes. I'm interested in the Newsletter Get Newsletter terms and conditions   By Paul Ausick « What Analysts Are Saying About PayPal After Earnings Why Analysts Are Abandoning Mellanox » Read more: Aerospace & Defense, Analyst Upgrades, The Boeing Company (NYSE:BA) Free Daily Newsletter Subscribe Terms & Conditions Sponsors Popular States With the Best (and Worst) Schools 25 Worst Tasting Beers in America 10 Disappearing Car Brands Companies Stashing the Most Money Overseas Counties Where the American Dream Is Dead Recent Why Microsoft Earnings Are Causing Investors to Sell Why Intel Shares Are Getting Beat Up After Earnings Why This Amazon Earnings Report Is Knocking It Out of the Park Alphabet Earnings Driven by Surging Revenues at Google Get Quote for: Symbol Lookup Search National Instruments Finds New Growth Facebook, Inc. Earnings: What to Watch Better Buy: Cisco Systems, Inc. vs. IBM Amazon cut to sector weight from overweight at Pacific Crest Uber's Anthony Levandowski becomes company's self-driving car chief: Report Expedia extends after-hours losses, now down 4% Tech Earnings Set Up Breakout for Zacks Rank Strong Buy Stocks GoPro (GPRO) Beats Q1 Revenue Estimates: Sales Up 19% Expedia Beats Q1 Earnings, Gross Bookings Rise 14% Frugal U.S. consumers seen holding back first-quarter GDP Profit-taking trips up Asian stocks, Korean won slips on Trump trade threat Tech firms race to spot video violence Sony Expects Operating Profit to Surge to $4.5B Thai police say pursuing arrest warrant for Red Bull heir Trump tower fated not to rise in Indonesian isle of the gods Sean Hannity And Lou Dobbs Agree: Donald Trump 'Pretty Close To Perfect' Elizabeth Warren 'Troubled' Over Obama's Lucrative Wall Street Speech Trump To Sign Offshore Drilling Order A Day Ahead Of Climate March Home About Us Disclaimer and Terms of Use Privacy Policy Contact Us Advertise AOL-HuffPost Money & Finance ©2017 24/7 Wall St. | Powered by WordPress.com VIP
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Opus Bank - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Opus Bank with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Opus Bank (OPB) Lifted to C at TheStreet Crane Co. (CR) Stock Rating Upgraded by TheStreet Pentair plc. Ordinary Share (PNR) Lowered to “Hold” at Gabelli Live Nation Entertainment, Inc. (LYV) Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research to “Buy” Servicemaster Global Holdings Inc (SERV) Posts Earnings Results, Misses Expectations By $0.04 EPS Sun Communities Inc (SUI) Announces Earnings Results California Water Service Group (CWT) Issues Earnings Results Silicon Laboratories (SLAB) Issues Q2 Earnings Guidance Bridge Bancorp, Inc. (BDGE) Releases Quarterly Earnings Results, Hits Estimates Blackbaud, Inc. (BLKB) Shares Sold by Moody Aldrich Partners LLC Moody Aldrich Partners LLC Invests $483,000 in EXACT Sciences Co. (EXAS) CNOOC (CEO) Earning Positive News Coverage, Study Finds Positive Media Coverage Likely to Impact THL Credit (TCRD) Stock Price Moody Aldrich Partners LLC Sells 9,805 Shares of Oxford Industries Inc (OXM) Cornerstone OnDemand, Inc. (CSOD) Stake Decreased by Moody Aldrich Partners LLC Skyworks Solutions Inc (SWKS) Shares Sold by First Mercantile Trust Co. Nautilus, Inc. (NLS) Shares Sold by Moody Aldrich Partners LLC CNO Financial Group (CNO) Getting Favorable News Coverage, Analysis Shows Moody Aldrich Partners LLC Purchases New Position in NewLink Genetics Corp (NLNK) Favorable Media Coverage Somewhat Unlikely to Impact International Bancshares Corp (IBOC) Stock Price Opus Bank (OPB) Lifted to C at TheStreet April 27th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Trevor Kearing Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Finance Tweet Opus Bank (NASDAQ:OPB) was upgraded by investment analysts at TheStreet from a “d+” rating to a “c” rating in a research note issued to investors on Monday. Other analysts have also recently issued research reports about the company. Piper Jaffray Companies restated an “overweight” rating and set a $24.00 target price (down previously from $25.00) on shares of Opus Bank in a report on Monday, April 17th. Zacks Investment Research cut Opus Bank from a “hold” rating to a “strong sell” rating in a report on Saturday, January 7th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. cut Opus Bank from an “overweight” rating to a “neutral” rating in a report on Monday, January 30th. Finally, Hovde Group cut Opus Bank from an “outperform” rating to a “market perform” rating and set a $31.00 target price on the stock. in a report on Monday, January 30th. Seven investment analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and one has assigned a buy rating to the stock. The company currently has an average rating of “Hold” and an average target price of $32.40. Shares of Opus Bank (NASDAQ:OPB) traded down 1.992% during trading on Monday, hitting $23.375. 154,197 shares of the stock traded hands. The company has a market cap of $869.97 million, a price-to-earnings ratio of 71.702 and a beta of 1.05. The firm’s 50-day moving average price is $19.89 and its 200-day moving average price is $23.84. Opus Bank has a 52 week low of $18.21 and a 52 week high of $38.19. Opus Bank (NASDAQ:OPB) last announced its earnings results on Monday, April 24th. The financial services provider reported $0.24 EPS for the quarter, missing the consensus estimate of $0.30 by $0.06. The business had revenue of $68.59 million for the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $72.14 million. Opus Bank had a return on equity of 3.42% and a net margin of 3.40%. On average, equities research analysts anticipate that Opus Bank will post $1.42 earnings per share for the current year. WARNING: This report was first posted by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are reading this report on another website, it was copied illegally and reposted in violation of US & international copyright and trademark law. The original version of this report can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/27/opus-bank-opb-lifted-to-c-at-thestreet.html. A number of institutional investors have recently bought and sold shares of the stock. Municipal Employees Retirement System of Michigan boosted its position in Opus Bank by 2.2% in the third quarter. Municipal Employees Retirement System of Michigan now owns 4,180 shares of the financial services provider’s stock valued at $148,000 after buying an additional 90 shares in the last quarter. Thrivent Financial for Lutherans boosted its position in Opus Bank by 6.1% in the fourth quarter. Thrivent Financial for Lutherans now owns 9,840 shares of the financial services provider’s stock valued at $296,000 after buying an additional 570 shares in the last quarter. BlackRock Inc. boosted its position in Opus Bank by 6.1% in the third quarter. BlackRock Inc. now owns 30,525 shares of the financial services provider’s stock valued at $1,080,000 after buying an additional 1,759 shares in the last quarter. UBS Asset Management Americas Inc. boosted its position in Opus Bank by 21.9% in the third quarter. UBS Asset Management Americas Inc. now owns 11,692 shares of the financial services provider’s stock valued at $414,000 after buying an additional 2,100 shares in the last quarter. Finally, Polar Capital LLP boosted its position in Opus Bank by 23.0% in the third quarter. Polar Capital LLP now owns 12,059 shares of the financial services provider’s stock valued at $427,000 after buying an additional 2,256 shares in the last quarter. Institutional investors and hedge funds own 93.61% of the company’s stock. Opus Bank Company Profile Opus Bank is a commercial bank. The Company provides banking products, services and solutions to its clients through its Retail Bank, Commercial Bank, Merchant Bank, and Correspondent Bank. The Company’s Commercial Bank consists Commercial Banking, Business Banking, Healthcare Banking, Technology Banking, Fiduciary Banking, Institutional Syndications and Commercial Real Estate Banking (CREB), which includes Income Property Banking, its Structured Finance Group and Capital Markets Group. Receive News & Ratings for Opus Bank Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Opus Bank and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Judge Uses Comment by President Trump in Ruling Fight for Border Wall Approaches in Attempt to Avoid Shutdown President Trump Attempting To Repeal ACA Again Vice President Pence Says North Korea Should Not Test U.S. Resolve Trump’s Back and Forth on Economics © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Xerox Corp - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Xerox Corp with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News PolyOne Co. (POL) Upgraded at TheStreet Sumitomo Life Insurance Co. Acquires 822 Shares of Zoetis Inc (ZTS) CommVault Systems, Inc. (CVLT) Raised to B at TheStreet Central European Media Enterprises Ltd. (CETV) Upgraded to Buy at Zacks Investment Research Sumitomo Life Insurance Co. Reduces Position in Marathon Oil Co. (MRO) Amerigo Asset Management Has $195.712 Million Position in Western Digital Corp (WDC) Sumitomo Life Insurance Co. Sells 986 Shares of Intercontinental Exchange Inc (ICE) Profit Investment Management LLC Sells 3,875 Shares of Symantec Co. (SYMC) Sumitomo Life Insurance Co. Sells 3,203 Shares of Hewlett Packard Enterprise Co (HPE) Buckeye Partners, L.P. (BPL) EVP Robert A. Malecky Sells 6,955 Shares Hikari Power Ltd Boosts Stake in Anheuser Busch Inbev NV (BUD) Cyclacel Pharmaceuticals Inc (CYCC) Downgraded by Zacks Investment Research to Hold New Residential Investment Corp (NRZ) Cut to C at TheStreet NV5 Global (NVEE) Given Media Impact Score of -0.05 Somewhat Negative News Coverage Likely to Affect ScanSource (SCSC) Share Price Strattec Security Corp. (STRT) Earning Somewhat Critical Media Coverage, Study Shows Kayne Anderson Energy Development (KED) Getting Somewhat Critical Press Coverage, Analysis Finds Fogo De Chao (FOGO) Receives Media Impact Rating of -0.10 Somewhat Negative Media Coverage Somewhat Likely to Affect Ship Finance International Limited (SFL) Stock Price NCR (NCR) Receives Media Impact Rating of -0.09 Xerox Corp (XRX) Price Target Lowered to $8.00 at Morgan Stanley April 27th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Patrick Bannon Filed Under: Finance Tweet Xerox Corp (NYSE:XRX) had its price objective dropped by equities researchers at Morgan Stanley from $8.50 to $8.00 in a report released on Wednesday. The firm presently has an “overweight” rating on the information technology services provider’s stock. Morgan Stanley’s price target points to a potential upside of 12.36% from the stock’s current price. A number of other research analysts have also recently commented on XRX. Goldman Sachs Group Inc restated a “buy” rating and issued a $8.50 price target on shares of Xerox Corp in a research report on Wednesday. Cross Research assumed coverage on Xerox Corp in a research report on Thursday, January 5th. They issued a “buy” rating on the stock. Zacks Investment Research cut Xerox Corp from a “hold” rating to a “strong sell” rating in a research report on Saturday, January 7th. BMO Capital Markets restated a “hold” rating on shares of Xerox Corp in a research report on Sunday, January 8th. Finally, Credit Suisse Group AG upgraded Xerox Corp from a “neutral” rating to an “outperform” rating and raised their price target for the stock from $8.00 to $10.00 in a research report on Tuesday, January 3rd. Two investment analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, three have assigned a hold rating and eight have assigned a buy rating to the company’s stock. The stock currently has a consensus rating of “Hold” and a consensus price target of $9.16. Shares of Xerox Corp (NYSE:XRX) traded up 0.28% during mid-day trading on Wednesday, hitting $7.12. The stock had a trading volume of 7,040,754 shares. The firm’s market capitalization is $7.24 billion. The stock’s 50-day moving average is $7.19 and its 200-day moving average is $8.12. Xerox Corp has a 1-year low of $6.21 and a 1-year high of $10.35. Xerox Corp (NYSE:XRX) last issued its quarterly earnings results on Tuesday, April 25th. The information technology services provider reported $0.15 EPS for the quarter, missing the Zacks’ consensus estimate of $0.16 by $0.01. Xerox Corp had a return on equity of 13.39% and a net margin of 3.53%. The company earned $2.45 billion during the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $2.46 billion. During the same quarter in the previous year, the business posted $0.22 EPS. The firm’s revenue for the quarter was down 6.2% on a year-over-year basis. Equities analysts expect that Xerox Corp will post $0.86 earnings per share for the current year. The firm also recently announced a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Friday, April 28th. Shareholders of record on Friday, March 31st will be given a $0.0625 dividend. This represents a $0.25 dividend on an annualized basis and a yield of 3.51%. The ex-dividend date is Wednesday, March 29th. Xerox Corp’s dividend payout ratio is presently 59.62%. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION WARNING: This news story was reported by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are reading this news story on another website, it was illegally stolen and republished in violation of U.S. and international copyright and trademark law. The correct version of this news story can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/27/xerox-corps-xrx-overweight-rating-reaffirmed-at-morgan-stanley.html. A number of hedge funds and other institutional investors have recently added to or reduced their stakes in the stock. Highbridge Capital Management LLC boosted its position in Xerox Corp by 843.8% in the fourth quarter. Highbridge Capital Management LLC now owns 3,780,965 shares of the information technology services provider’s stock worth $33,007,000 after buying an additional 3,380,335 shares in the last quarter. A.R.T. Advisors LLC boosted its position in Xerox Corp by 1,518.0% in the fourth quarter. A.R.T. Advisors LLC now owns 179,600 shares of the information technology services provider’s stock worth $1,567,000 after buying an additional 168,500 shares in the last quarter. Vident Investment Advisory LLC boosted its position in Xerox Corp by 47.8% in the fourth quarter. Vident Investment Advisory LLC now owns 15,011 shares of the information technology services provider’s stock worth $131,000 after buying an additional 4,852 shares in the last quarter. California State Teachers Retirement System boosted its position in Xerox Corp by 0.9% in the third quarter. California State Teachers Retirement System now owns 2,211,017 shares of the information technology services provider’s stock worth $22,398,000 after buying an additional 18,800 shares in the last quarter. Finally, Schroder Investment Management Group boosted its position in Xerox Corp by 9.2% in the third quarter. Schroder Investment Management Group now owns 1,611,800 shares of the information technology services provider’s stock worth $16,328,000 after buying an additional 135,906 shares in the last quarter. Hedge funds and other institutional investors own 84.80% of the company’s stock. About Xerox Corp Xerox Corporation is engaged in imaging, business process, analytics, automation and user-centric insights. The Company’s segments include Services, Document Technology and Other. The Company’s Services segment includes service offerings, such as BPO and Document Outsourcing (DO). It provides business services in markets across various industries and to government agencies. Receive News & Ratings for Xerox Corp Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Xerox Corp and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Judge Uses Comment by President Trump in Ruling Fight for Border Wall Approaches in Attempt to Avoid Shutdown President Trump Attempting To Repeal ACA Again Vice President Pence Says North Korea Should Not Test U.S. Resolve Trump’s Back and Forth on Economics © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Pentair plc. Ordinary Share - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Pentair plc. Ordinary Share with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Opus Bank (OPB) Lifted to C at TheStreet Crane Co. (CR) Stock Rating Upgraded by TheStreet Pentair plc. Ordinary Share (PNR) Lowered to “Hold” at Gabelli Live Nation Entertainment, Inc. (LYV) Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research to “Buy” Servicemaster Global Holdings Inc (SERV) Posts Earnings Results, Misses Expectations By $0.04 EPS Sun Communities Inc (SUI) Announces Earnings Results California Water Service Group (CWT) Issues Earnings Results Silicon Laboratories (SLAB) Issues Q2 Earnings Guidance Bridge Bancorp, Inc. (BDGE) Releases Quarterly Earnings Results, Hits Estimates Blackbaud, Inc. (BLKB) Shares Sold by Moody Aldrich Partners LLC Moody Aldrich Partners LLC Invests $483,000 in EXACT Sciences Co. (EXAS) CNOOC (CEO) Earning Positive News Coverage, Study Finds Positive Media Coverage Likely to Impact THL Credit (TCRD) Stock Price Moody Aldrich Partners LLC Sells 9,805 Shares of Oxford Industries Inc (OXM) Cornerstone OnDemand, Inc. (CSOD) Stake Decreased by Moody Aldrich Partners LLC Skyworks Solutions Inc (SWKS) Shares Sold by First Mercantile Trust Co. Nautilus, Inc. (NLS) Shares Sold by Moody Aldrich Partners LLC CNO Financial Group (CNO) Getting Favorable News Coverage, Analysis Shows Moody Aldrich Partners LLC Purchases New Position in NewLink Genetics Corp (NLNK) Favorable Media Coverage Somewhat Unlikely to Impact International Bancshares Corp (IBOC) Stock Price Pentair plc. Ordinary Share (PNR) Lowered to “Hold” at Gabelli April 27th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Tyrone Williams Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Finance Tweet Gabelli lowered shares of Pentair plc. Ordinary Share (NYSE:PNR) from a buy rating to a hold rating in a research report released on Wednesday. A number of other equities analysts also recently issued reports on PNR. Royal Bank of Canada reiterated a buy rating and issued a $66.00 price objective on shares of Pentair plc. Ordinary Share in a report on Tuesday, January 3rd. JPMorgan Chase & Co. upgraded Pentair plc. Ordinary Share from a neutral rating to an overweight rating and increased their price objective for the stock from $56.00 to $68.00 in a report on Friday, January 13th. Vertical Research upgraded Pentair plc. Ordinary Share from a hold rating to a buy rating in a report on Monday, January 23rd. Zacks Investment Research downgraded Pentair plc. Ordinary Share from a buy rating to a hold rating in a report on Tuesday, April 18th. Finally, TheStreet upgraded Pentair plc. Ordinary Share from a c+ rating to a b rating in a report on Monday, April 17th. One analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, nine have assigned a hold rating and six have issued a buy rating to the company’s stock. Pentair plc. Ordinary Share currently has a consensus rating of Hold and an average price target of $65.25. Pentair plc. Ordinary Share (NYSE:PNR) traded down 0.28% during mid-day trading on Wednesday, hitting $64.79. 536,264 shares of the stock traded hands. The firm has a market capitalization of $11.78 billion, a P/E ratio of 22.69 and a beta of 1.45. Pentair plc. Ordinary Share has a 1-year low of $53.80 and a 1-year high of $66.99. The company has a 50-day moving average of $62.21 and a 200 day moving average of $59.18. Pentair plc. Ordinary Share (NYSE:PNR) last posted its quarterly earnings data on Tuesday, April 25th. The industrial products company reported $0.65 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, topping analysts’ consensus estimates of $0.61 by $0.04. The business earned $1.18 billion during the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $1.14 billion. Pentair plc. Ordinary Share had a return on equity of 14.89% and a net margin of 9.15%. The firm’s quarterly revenue was down .5% compared to the same quarter last year. During the same quarter in the prior year, the company earned $0.76 earnings per share. On average, equities research analysts anticipate that Pentair plc. Ordinary Share will post $3.47 EPS for the current year. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY NOTICE: “Pentair plc. Ordinary Share (PNR) Lowered to “Hold” at Gabelli” was reported by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are accessing this story on another website, it was stolen and reposted in violation of U.S. & international copyright legislation. The legal version of this story can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/27/pentair-plc-ordinary-share-pnr-lowered-to-hold-at-gabelli.html. The business also recently declared a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Friday, May 5th. Stockholders of record on Friday, April 21st will be issued a dividend of $0.345 per share. The ex-dividend date is Wednesday, April 19th. This represents a $1.38 annualized dividend and a dividend yield of 2.12%. Pentair plc. Ordinary Share’s payout ratio is presently 48.42%. Institutional investors have recently modified their holdings of the stock. KCG Holdings Inc. increased its position in shares of Pentair plc. Ordinary Share by 40.9% in the third quarter. KCG Holdings Inc. now owns 25,737 shares of the industrial products company’s stock valued at $1,653,000 after buying an additional 7,477 shares during the period. BlackRock Advisors LLC increased its position in shares of Pentair plc. Ordinary Share by 20.0% in the third quarter. BlackRock Advisors LLC now owns 182,309 shares of the industrial products company’s stock valued at $11,712,000 after buying an additional 30,357 shares during the period. Oppenheimer & Co. Inc. increased its position in shares of Pentair plc. Ordinary Share by 2.1% in the third quarter. Oppenheimer & Co. Inc. now owns 103,387 shares of the industrial products company’s stock valued at $6,641,000 after buying an additional 2,146 shares during the period. Envestnet Asset Management Inc. increased its position in shares of Pentair plc. Ordinary Share by 1.4% in the fourth quarter. Envestnet Asset Management Inc. now owns 52,434 shares of the industrial products company’s stock valued at $2,935,000 after buying an additional 726 shares during the period. Finally, Henderson Group PLC increased its position in shares of Pentair plc. Ordinary Share by 17.3% in the third quarter. Henderson Group PLC now owns 145,787 shares of the industrial products company’s stock valued at $9,365,000 after buying an additional 21,537 shares during the period. Hedge funds and other institutional investors own 90.30% of the company’s stock. Pentair plc. Ordinary Share Company Profile Pentair, Inc (Pentair) is a focused diversified industrial manufacturing company. The Company operates in two segments: Water & Fluid Solutions and Technical Products. Water & Fluid Solutions is providing products and systems used worldwide in the movement, storage and treatment of water. Technical Products is engaged in the global enclosures and thermal management markets, designing and manufacturing standard, modified and custom enclosures that house and protect sensitive electronics and electrical components and protect the people that use them. Receive News & Ratings for Pentair plc. Ordinary Share Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Pentair plc. Ordinary Share and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Judge Uses Comment by President Trump in Ruling Fight for Border Wall Approaches in Attempt to Avoid Shutdown President Trump Attempting To Repeal ACA Again Vice President Pence Says North Korea Should Not Test U.S. Resolve Trump’s Back and Forth on Economics © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Mgm China Hldgs Lt - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Mgm China Hldgs Lt with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Nokia Oyj (NOK) Given “Hold” Rating at Oppenheimer Holdings Inc. Tractor Supply Company (TSCO) PT Set at $88.00 by Oppenheimer Holdings Inc. Deutsche Lufthansa AG (LHA) Receives “Sell” Rating from DZ Bank AG $0.14 Earnings Per Share Expected for Northfield Bancorp, Inc. (NFBK) This Quarter DA Davidson Analysts Give ServiceNow Inc (NOW) a $118.00 Price Target Mgm China Hldgs Lt (MCHVY) Downgraded by Deutsche Bank AG to Hold JinkoSolar Holding Co., Ltd. (JKS) Receives $25.30 Consensus Target Price from Brokerages Howard Hughes Medical Institute Has $147,000 Stake in Range Resources Corp. (RRC) Glen Harbor Capital Management LLC Has $5.682 Million Stake in Avis Budget Group Inc. (CAR) Glen Harbor Capital Management LLC Sells 10,120 Shares of CME Group Inc (CME) Xcel Energy Inc (XEL) Position Held by First Quadrant L P CA Brinker International, Inc. (EAT) Shares Bought by Glen Harbor Capital Management LLC First Quadrant L P CA Boosts Stake in Extended Stay America Inc (STAY) Glen Harbor Capital Management LLC Purchases 17,666 Shares of Bed Bath & Beyond Inc. (BBBY) Mycio Wealth Partners LLC Has $3.553 Million Stake in GlaxoSmithKline plc (GSK) Bruker Co. (BRKR) Shares Bought by First Quadrant L P CA Ophthotech Corp (OPHT) Earns Media Impact Score of 0.20 Waste Management, Inc. (WM) Updates FY17 Earnings Guidance Somewhat Favorable Media Coverage Extremely Likely to Impact Highwoods Properties (HIW) Share Price Boston Private Financial Hldg Inc (BPFH) Announces Earnings Results Mgm China Hldgs Lt (MCHVY) Downgraded by Deutsche Bank AG to Hold April 27th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Patrick Bannon Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Finance Tweet Mgm China Hldgs Lt (NASDAQ:MCHVY) was downgraded by Deutsche Bank AG to a “hold” rating in a research note issued to investors on Thursday. Separately, JPMorgan Chase & Co. cut shares of Mgm China Hldgs Lt to a “hold” rating in a research note on Monday. Shares of Mgm China Hldgs Lt (NASDAQ:MCHVY) remained flat at $26.83 during trading on Thursday. The stock’s 50-day moving average is $24.75 and its 200-day moving average is $23.45. Mgm China Hldgs Lt has a 1-year low of $15.33 and a 1-year high of $26.83. The company has a market capitalization of $8.50 billion and a PE ratio of 21.71. TRADEMARK VIOLATION WARNING: This piece of content was first reported by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are accessing this piece of content on another publication, it was illegally copied and republished in violation of United States and international copyright legislation. The legal version of this piece of content can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/27/mgm-china-hldgs-lt-mchvy-downgraded-by-deutsche-bank-ag-to-hold.html. Receive News & Ratings for Mgm China Hldgs Lt Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Mgm China Hldgs Lt and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Judge Uses Comment by President Trump in Ruling Fight for Border Wall Approaches in Attempt to Avoid Shutdown President Trump Attempting To Repeal ACA Again Vice President Pence Says North Korea Should Not Test U.S. Resolve Trump’s Back and Forth on Economics © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
HOME EDITION News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance Etf Street Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Tech Guide Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows Watch Live CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Full Episodes More Log In | Register Log Out News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Consumer Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Take a Tour Subscribe Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance Etf Street Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Tech Guide Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Special Reports Iconic Tour CNBC Disruptor 50 Trading Nation My Success Story Investing in Megatrends Tech Transformers Future Opportunities Original Series Executive Edge Trading Nation Futures Now Retire Well The Pulse @ 1 Market The Bottom Line CNBC Events Davos Delivering Alpha eMerge Americas iCONIC Conference Cambridge Cyber Summit Sohn Conference Follow CNBC EDITION Register Log In Profile Email Preferences PRO Sign Out Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Take a Tour Subscribe LIVE TV Watch CNBC TV Watch CNBC Pro Watchlist X × × × × 100 Days of Trump In Trump's White House, policy can be shaped by the last CEO he met "He finds himself changing his mind based on who he is talking with rather than a deep independent [policy] analysis," says GW professor Michael Cohen. Just a day before Trump announced he would revive the Export-Import Bank he met with former Boeing CEO Jim McNerney, who supported the bank. After meeting with pharmaceutical executives Trump dropped his support for a plan backed by Democrats that would let Medicare negotiate bulk discounts for prescription drugs. The president "risks getting a one-sided view of policy" without more input from groups representing consumers or workers, says Brookings' Darrell West. Jacob Pramuk | @jacobpramuk 13 Hours AgoCNBC.com SHARES show chapters In Trump's White House, some say face time with a CEO can help to sway the stance of the president    15 Hours Ago | 01:41 When President Donald Trump said he would revive the embattled Export-Import Bank this month, it marked an about-face on an institution that Trump once slammed as "featherbedding" for big corporations. The decision was a win for American industrial titans General Electric and Boeing, which have foreign customers that use the bank's loans to buy products. Just a day before Trump first announced he would fill vacancies on the Ex-Im Bank's board, the president met with former Boeing CEO Jim McNerney, who previously supported the bank in the face of conservative opposition on Capitol Hill. It is not clear whether the pair discussed the Ex-Im Bank at that meeting or how much McNerney or GE CEO Jeff Immelt — a member of a White House economic advisory group — affected Trump's stance on the issue. But the episode underscores a pattern whereby Trump, whose policy views are notoriously flexible, often modifies his political positions after face time with high-level executives. The businessman Trump has positioned his White House as uniquely business-friendly during his first 100 days in office, frequently showcasing meetings with executives as he aims to chop corporate tax rates and slash regulations. Trump's proximity to executives and his wish for splashy policy announcements have given major corporate CEOs a front seat to some policy decisions, experts said. "Smart CEOs will find a personal connection with him and have a lot of influence through direct lobbying, because he does not come to the Oval Office with a lot of specific policy preferences," said Michael Cohen, interim director of the political management program at George Washington University. "It is in some ways dangerous politically for him because he finds himself changing his mind based on who he is talking with rather than a deep independent analysis of the positives and negatives of policy options." Kevin Lamarque | Reuters resident Donald Trump speaks before signing an executive order directing federal agencies to recommend changes to a temporary visa program used to bring foreign workers to the United States to fill high-skilled jobs during a visit to the world headquarters of Snap-On Inc, a tool manufacturer in Kenosha, Wisconsin, U.S., April 18, 2017. The White House did not respond to a request for comment on this story. It's normal for presidents to take input from key American executives. But Trump has gone "further than most in formalizing the role and setting up an advisory committee of billionaires and top CEOs," said Darrell West, vice president and director of governance studies at the Brookings Institution. One of the president's economic advisory councils, chaired by billionaire Blackstone CEO Stephen Schwarzman, features the CEOs of JPMorgan Chase, General Motors, Walt Disney and Wal-Mart, as well as McNerney. In recent months, Trump has held listening sessions with executives from the technology, health care and manufacturing industries, among others. The Ex-Im Bank is just one case in which Trump appeared to take feedback from CEOs into his policy decisions. West notes that Trump ordered a review of the H-1B visa program used widely at Silicon Valley technology companies, rather than taking more drastic steps that may endanger the program, after he met and discussed immigration with executives from companies such as Amazon, Apple, Facebook and Google parent Alphabet. Trump opposed the program on the campaign trail, saying it hurt American workers in favor of cheaper foreign workers. After meeting with pharmaceutical executives Trump dropped his support for a plan backed by Democrats that would let Medicare negotiate bulk discounts for prescription drugs. Trump's administration is in the process of making other major policy choices with corporate executives lobbying one way or another. Trump has yet to announce whether the United States will pull out of the landmark Paris climate agreement, which Trump pledged to "cancel" as a candidate. GE's Immelt and oil behemoth Exxon Mobil have spoken out in favor of upholding the deal. GE did not comment specifically on what Immelt has discussed with Trump in person. It pointed CNBC to a CNN interview in which Immelt said CEOs should largely "kind of keep their head down" but stand up to the president when they feel it is warranted. "So, I don't think it's something we should do every day, but I do think we're also stewards of our companies, we're representatives of the people that work with us, and I think we're cowards if we don't take a position occasionally on those things that are really consistent with what our mission is and where our people stand," Immelt said. Dow Chemical has also urged the Trump administration to "set aside" the findings of a scientific study that said a family of pesticides is harmful to roughly 1,800 threatened or endangered species. Dow CEO Andrew Liveris heads a Trump manufacturing working group, but it is unclear if he brought that issue up with the president personally. Dow did not respond to a request for comment on Liveris' conversations with Trump. He told CNBC's "Squawk on the Street" Thursday that he is "pleased to see" the policy changes Trump has pushed in the White House. "I am very much involved, of course, for the company in what's going on in the White House," he said. "And I'm very pleased to see the [regulatory] reform agenda; I'm pleased to see what's going on in workforce training and activities there. Both of those I'm heavily involved in with the manufacturing initiative, as are 30 other CEOs." Brookings' West said meeting with CEOs, who often consider their own companies before consumers, can create problems in economic policy. Trump has included some labor leaders, for example, in his policy meetings, but executives heavily outnumber them. The president "risks getting a one-sided view of policy" without more input from groups representing consumers or workers, he said. The White House and a spokesman for an organization where McNerney is a trustee did not respond to requests for comment on this story. Watch: Trump changes mind on leaving NAFTA show chapters Trump: Changed mind on leaving NAFTA now    15 Hours Ago | 02:01 Jacob PramukStaff Reporter Related Securities Symbol Price   Change %Change GE --- To view this site, you need to have JavaScript enabled in your browser, and either the Flash Plugin or an HTML5-Video enabled browser. Download the latest Flash player and try again. Playing Share this video... × Watch Next...
Sections Here Is The City Financial Markets Football Business Sport Scores & Fixtures Tables Teams Video SEARCH HITC FINANCIAL MARKETS FOOTBALL ABOUT US HITC Here Is The City on Facebook HITC Here Is The City on Google + HITC Here Is The City on Twitter Email HITC Business on Facebook HITC Business on Google + HITC Business on Twitter Email HITC Business on Facebook HITC Business on Google + HITC Business on Twitter Email Home Financial Markets Football Home Careers Home Scores & Fixtures Tables Teams Video Our Team Contact Us Advertising Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Subscription Options Jobs @ HITC Reuters - JPMorgan said looking at Warsaw for new back office operations centre Vic Daniels @vicdanielsHITCPublished now Vic Daniels @vicdanielsHITCPublished now                                                                               Warsaw could eventually employ several thousand people supporting the bank's European and Asian business. Reuters reports that JPMorgan Chase is zooming in on Warsaw as a destination for its new back office operations centre which could eventually employ several thousand people supporting the bank's European and Asian business, sources said. As Britain prepares to leave the European Union, and banks and other financial firms look to shift jobs from London's financial centre, Poland has set its sights on mid-tier work where salaries may not be astronomical but jobs are numerous. A delegation from JPMorgan visited Warsaw last month, the sources said, to look for real estate that could house the new centre, which could become of the largest of its kind in Poland. "The focus is definitely Warsaw," said one source familiar with the matter, speaking anonymously as discussions are not public. JPMorgan has also visited Poland's western city of Wroclaw and Hungary's capital Budapest as possible contenders, the source added. Hit the link below to access the complete Reuters article: JPMorgan zooming in on Warsaw for new global back office centre UBS must face ex-bond strategist's whistleblower lawsuit Show Comments And the Best Place to Work in the global financial markets 2016 is... Vic Daniels More articles from Vic Daniels @vicdanielsHITC Google+ COMMENTS Show Comments Register for Financial Markets News Alerts About Us   |   Advertising   |   Our Team   |   Privacy Policy   |   Terms & Conditions   |   Review Policy   |   Subscription Options   |   Syndication   |   Jobs @ HITC   |   Contact Us © 2017 Entrepreneur Limited an advertisement
Business Industries Markets Technology Leadership Life & Style Money Sport Lists   Business (View all) Banking Economics International London Insurance M&A The Capitalist Politics CFA Institute Talk IDA Ireland Talk Industries (View all) Law & professional services Property Retail and leisure Marketing and advertising Pharmaceuticals Telecoms Media Transport and infrastructure Industrials Markets (View all) Currencies Cryptocurrencies Commodities Equities Bonds IPOs and fundraising Investment Challenge Technology (View all) Science Gadget reviews Cyber security Fintech appScatter Talk Leadership (View all) Entrepreneurs Management Millennials Careers Women Life & Style (View all) Travel Watches Fashion Food Homes and interiors Cars Culture Money (View all) Investing Pensions Crowdfunding Alt-fi Personal banking and insurance ISAS Schroders Talk Sport (View all) Football Rugby Union Formula 1 Cricket The Punter Tennis Golf Sports money Lists (View all) Digital Innovators Rio 50 Power 100 Women Leap 100 Most viewed authors Emma Haslett (16,702 views) Mark Sands (13,835 views) Rebecca Smith (13,164 views) City A.M. links Newsletters Latest paper Advertising Awards Wine Club Money Transfer Charity About Careers Tickets Latest news Most popular Opinion Podcast City Talk Home Business Banking FTSE 250 19636.64 -0.21% FTSE 100 7237.17 -0.71% Bats UK 100 12269.21 -0.81% Home Business Banking Thursday 27 April 2017 2:25pm Japanese bank Nomura reports strongest profits since 2006, boosted by overseas business performance Share William Turvill I write about M&A, deals, IPOs, private equity, asset management, media and a few other areas for City A.M. I also write news features and am always interested in interviewing and profiling high-profile business figures. I previously worked for Press Gazette and Mail Online. Follow William Related City Talk Scottish Development International Talk The London-Scotland connection Nomura's overseas division reported a profit for the first time in seven years (Source: Getty) William Turvill Nomura today reported its strongest profits since 2006, boosted by its overseas operations. The figures The Japanese investment bank’s international division today posted its first annual pre-tax profit in seven years. The bank’s net income for the first three months of the year, its fourth quarter, came in at ¥ 61.3bn (£427m), up from a ¥ 19.2bn loss in the same period last year. Net revenue for the quarter, meanwhile, was reported at ¥ 349.1bn, up 25 per cent year-on-year. Read more: Trump bump: Fixed income helps Nomura double quarterly income Nomura’s overseas operations made a profit of ¥ 16.7bn in the fourth quarter, up from a loss of ¥ 16.6bn in the first quarter of 2016. For the year as a whole, profits in the division were ¥ 88.1bn. Why it’s interesting The bank, which this time last year announced plans to cut hundreds of investment banking jobs in London and across Europe, also today announced it would be buying back up to ¥ 80bn of shares. Its profits growth follows on from the likes of JP Morgan Chase, Citigroup and Morgan Stanley in the US. Nomura today warned that its “market stance remains cautious in preparation for any surprises”, citing “increased geopolitical risks with elections in Europe and the situation in North Korea”. It also said that April “has generally got off to a slow start” and that “we remain focused on controlling risk and expenses while keeping a close watch on market movements”. Read more: This investment bank has been crowned Britain's healthiest workplace What the bank said Group chief executive Koji Nagai: The profitability of our wholesale business improved substantially over the past year with all international regions profitable on a full-year basis... As we enter our new fiscal year, we remain focused on transforming our business and reinforcing our position as Asia’s global investment bank.” Share * Terms and conditions Add a comment Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Related articles GVC shares pop to 11-year high on refinancing deal Francesca Washtell | Staff Noooo!mura reports unexpected quarterly loss William Turvill | Staff Nomura profits jump on strong Japanese stock market growth Tim Wallace | Contributor Business Industries Markets Technology Leadership Life & Style Money Sport Lists Follow us for breaking news and latest updates: Stay up to date: get our FREE daily emails Sign up Stay up to date: get our FREE daily emails Sign up About  |  Advertising  |  Privacy  |  Terms  |  Sitemap  |  Latest paper Copyright © 2017 City A.M. Limited
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Associated British Foods plc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Associated British Foods plc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Associated British Foods plc (ABF) Given New GBX 3,150 Price Target at Liberum Capital TD Securities Analysts Give Canacol Energy Ltd (CNE) a C$6.50 Price Target Analysts Expect WebMD Health Corp. (WBMD) Will Post Earnings of $0.27 Per Share Weekly Research Analysts’ Ratings Updates for Go-Ahead Group plc (GOG) Analysts Expect S&W Seed Company (SANW) Will Post Earnings of $0.05 Per Share Yelp Inc (YELP) Shares Sold by Howard Hughes Medical Institute BioMarin Pharmaceutical Inc. (BMRN) Shares Bought by Howard Hughes Medical Institute Howard Hughes Medical Institute Has $264,000 Stake in Shire PLC (SHPG) Comerica Incorporated (CMA) Position Increased by Northpointe Capital LLC Scotiabank Analysts Give Canfor Pulp Products Inc (CFX) a C$12.75 Price Target Northpointe Capital LLC Takes Position in Host Hotels and Resorts Inc (HST) Northpointe Capital LLC Increases Stake in FirstEnergy Corp. (FE) TD Securities Lowers Canfor Pulp Products Inc (CFX) to Hold MDU Resources Group Inc (MDU) Shares Sold by First Citizens Bank & Trust Co. First Citizens Bank & Trust Co. Cuts Position in Netflix, Inc. (NFLX) CoStar Group Inc (CSGP) Hits New 12-Month High on Earnings Beat First Citizens Bank & Trust Co. Purchases Shares of 17,563 Kohl's Co. (KSS) Northpointe Capital LLC Invests $4.101 Million in Hewlett Packard Enterprise Co (HPE) Western Energy Services Corp (WRG) Raised to “Outperform” at Scotiabank Stock Yards Bancorp Inc (SYBT) Announces Quarterly Earnings Results, Beats Expectations By $0.02 EPS Associated British Foods plc (ABF) Given New GBX 3,150 Price Target at Liberum Capital April 27th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Trevor Kearing Filed Under: Analyst Articles - UK - Finance Tweet Associated British Foods plc (LON:ABF) had its target price increased by Liberum Capital from GBX 3,100 ($39.63) to GBX 3,150 ($40.27) in a research report released on Wednesday morning. The brokerage currently has a buy rating on the stock. ABF has been the subject of a number of other research reports. Kepler Capital Markets reissued a hold rating and issued a GBX 2,700 ($34.52) price objective on shares of Associated British Foods plc in a research report on Friday, January 6th. Deutsche Bank AG reissued a buy rating on shares of Associated British Foods plc in a research report on Sunday, January 15th. HSBC Holdings plc reissued a buy rating and issued a GBX 3,300 ($42.19) price objective on shares of Associated British Foods plc in a research report on Monday, January 9th. Credit Suisse Group AG reissued an outperform rating and issued a GBX 3,550 ($45.38) price objective on shares of Associated British Foods plc in a research report on Wednesday, February 22nd. Finally, JPMorgan Chase & Co. reissued an overweight rating and issued a GBX 3,300 ($42.19) price objective on shares of Associated British Foods plc in a research report on Tuesday, January 17th. Eight analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and twelve have assigned a buy rating to the company’s stock. The company has a consensus rating of Buy and a consensus price target of GBX 3,038.78 ($38.85). Shares of Associated British Foods plc (LON:ABF) traded up 0.25% during mid-day trading on Wednesday, reaching GBX 2832.00. 577,990 shares of the company’s stock traded hands. The stock’s market cap is GBX 22.37 billion. Associated British Foods plc has a 12 month low of GBX 1,910.00 and a 12 month high of GBX 3,201.00. The firm has a 50 day moving average price of GBX 2,655.39 and a 200-day moving average price of GBX 2,588.44. TRADEMARK VIOLATION WARNING: “Associated British Foods plc (ABF) Given New GBX 3,150 Price Target at Liberum Capital” was reported by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are accessing this report on another website, it was copied illegally and republished in violation of international trademark and copyright legislation. The legal version of this report can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/27/associated-british-foods-plc-abf-given-new-gbx-3150-price-target-at-liberum-capital.html. The firm also recently disclosed a dividend, which will be paid on Friday, July 7th. Shareholders of record on Thursday, June 8th will be paid a GBX 11.35 ($0.15) dividend. This represents a yield of 0.41%. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Thursday, June 8th. In other Associated British Foods plc news, insider Ruth Cairnie acquired 876 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction on Thursday, February 9th. The stock was acquired at an average price of GBX 2,489 ($31.82) per share, for a total transaction of £21,803.64 ($27,874.76). Associated British Foods plc Company Profile Associated British Foods plc is an international food, ingredients and retail company. The Company’s segments include grocery, sugar, agriculture, ingredients and retail. Its geographical segments include the United Kingdom, Europe and Africa, the Americas and Asia Pacific. The grocery segment manufactures grocery products, including hot beverages, sugar and sweeteners, vegetable oils, bread and baked goods, cereals, ethnic foods, herbs and spices, and meat products, which are sold to retail, wholesale and foodservice businesses. Receive News & Ratings for Associated British Foods plc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Associated British Foods plc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Judge Uses Comment by President Trump in Ruling Fight for Border Wall Approaches in Attempt to Avoid Shutdown President Trump Attempting To Repeal ACA Again Vice President Pence Says North Korea Should Not Test U.S. Resolve Trump’s Back and Forth on Economics © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Cleveland.com Menu Home News Politics Local News Opinion Business Sports High School Sports Entertainment Obituaries Jobs Autos Real Estate Rentals Videos Photos Akron News Place an Ad Classifieds Find&Save Local Businesses Follow Us Subscribe Back to Main Menu Metro The Plain Dealer Weather Health & Medical Crime Data Central Columnists Courts Nation World Special Reports Back to Main Menu Mark Naymik Michael McIntyre Phillip Morris Back to Main Menu At Any (Court) Cost A Critical Choice: Nursing home care Cleveland's Bike Life Justice for All: Bail reform Know the RX: Opioid addiction resources Remaking The Q Stolen in the Suburbs Back to Main Menu State Politics National Politics & Elections Cleveland City Hall Cuyahoga County Insider Special Report: Ohio Matters Back to Main Menu Akron Beachwood Berea Brecksville Brunswick Chagrin Falls Cleveland Heights Hillcrest Lakewood Lyndhurst-South Euclid Medina Parma Shaker Heights Solon Strongsville Westlake More East Side More West Side Back to Main Menu Letters to the Editor Jeff Darcy's Cartoons Kevin O'Brien More columnists Back to Main Menu Real Estate Energy Consumer Affairs Personal Finance Top Workplaces Back to Main Menu Browns Indians Cavaliers Ohio State Big 10 & Recruiting College Columns Monsters Golf Horse Racing Outdoors Sports Insider Videos Photos Back to Main Menu Bill Livingston Dennis Manoloff Terry Pluto Bud Shaw Back to Main Menu Boys Ice Hockey Girls Gymnastics Boys Basketball Girls Basketball Wrestling Boys Bowling Girls Bowling Boys Swimming Girls Swimming Football Off Season Sports Back to Main Menu Baseball Softball Boys Track and Field Girls Track and Field Girls Volleyball Boys Lacrosse Girls Lacrosse Boys Tennis Girls Tennis Boys Cross Country Girls Cross Country Field Hockey Boys Golf Girls Golf Boys Soccer Girls Soccer Back to Main Menu Food/Dining Best Of Events Movies Music TV Books Arts Theater Friday! People Living Travel Style Essential CLE Comics Crossword & Puzzles Back to Main Menu Dining Guide Bars Cooking Top Restaurants Drinks Back to Main Menu Homes New Homes Rent Foreclosures Commercial Home Remodeling Place an Ad Back to Main Menu All Rentals Apartments & Communities Commercial Leases Place an Ad Back to Main Menu cleveland.com Videos Back to Main Menu cleveland.com Photos Community Photos Submit Your Photos Back to Main Menu Pets For Sale Garage Sales Celebrations Fraud Prevention Manage Your Ad Place an Ad Back to Main Menu Find A Business Food & Dining Retail Shopping Health & Medicine Personal Care Entertainment Real Estate Automotive Claim Your Business Back to Main Menu Visit our Facebook Page Follow us on Twitter Visit us on Google Plus Back to Main Menu The Plain Dealer Sun News Media Insider Rewards Back to Main Menu Close Customize Your Weather Set Your Location: Congratulations! Your weather is set to . You can change the location at any time. AccuWeather.com Quick Look Change your current location » View Full Weather Report Search Search Cleveland.com Account Sign In Close Sign in to Cleveland.com You are signed in as Edit Public Profile Sign Out Subscribe The Plain Dealer Sun News Media Insider Rewards comments Donald Trump's tax-cut plan remains short on vital details Steven Mnuchin,Gary Cohn,Sean Spicer Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin, right, joined by National Economic Director Gary Cohn, center, and White House press secretary Sean Spicer speaks in the briefing room of the White House in Washington, Wednesday. President Donald Trump is proposing dramatically reducing the taxes paid by corporations big and small in an overhaul his administration says will spur economic growth and bring jobs and prosperity to the middle class. (Carolyn Kaster, Associated Press) Print Email Associated Press By Associated Press The Associated Press on April 27, 2017 at 2:21 PM, updated April 27, 2017 at 2:59 PM comments WASHINGTON -- President Donald Trump's team boasted Wednesday that its tax-cut plan would lighten Americans' financial burdens, ignite economic growth and vastly simplify tax filing. Yet the proposal so far remains short on vital details, including how it would be paid for. And based on the few specifics spelled out so far, most experts suggest that it would add little to growth while swelling the budget deficit and potentially handing large windfalls to wealthier taxpayers. Trump's plan would replace the current seven income tax brackets with three, and the top bracket would drop from 39.6 percent to 35 percent. It would also slash the corporate rate from 35 percent all the way to 15 percent, a boon to most companies even though many don't pay the full tax now. With tax credits and other loopholes, most corporations pay closer to 20 percent, according to calculations by JPMorgan. Perhaps the most contentious plank would enable taxpayers with business income -- including those wealthy enough to pay the top tax rate -- to instead pay the new 15 percent corporate rate. That's because Trump would apply the corporate rate to "pass through" businesses. Pass-throughs include partnerships such as law firms and hedge funds as well as most small businesses -- from the local florist to the family-owned restaurant on Main Street. What's more, some privately held large companies -- including Trump's own real estate empire -- are structured as pass-throughs and would benefit, too. Here's a closer look at Trump's proposal and its likely impact: Who benefits? It's hard to say because the administration has released so few details. The three new income tax rates would be 10 percent, 25 percent and 35 percent. But Trump's top economic adviser, Gary Cohn, and Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin, weren't ready Wednesday to say at what income levels these new rates would kick in. Tax experts said far more details were needed to determine how average Americans would be affected. "The impact on Joe Taxpayer is unknown," said Marc Gerson, vice chair of the tax department of law firm Miller & Chevalier in Washington. "There's not enough specificity. It's hard for taxpayers to determine where they'll come out." Cohn asserted that the plan would cut taxes "especially for low and middle income families." It purports to do so in part by doubling the standard deduction, which is used by taxpayers who don't itemize their tax deductions. At the same time, the Trump plan would eliminate the estate tax and the alternative minimum tax, thereby benefiting some of the richest taxpayers. And that's on top of shrinking the corporate tax rate that many affluent individuals could likely capitalize on. Why cut corporate taxes? By making corporations more profitable, the Trump administration hopes to encourage more business spending on equipment -- from computers to factories and machinery. Doing so, in turn, could make the economy more efficient and accelerate growth and hiring. Economic growth has been stuck at about 2 percent a year since the recession ended in 2009. Mnuchin says the administration wants to accelerate it above 3 percent, a pace it hasn't touched since 2005. The corporate tax cuts are also intended to encourage more businesses to stay in the United States, which now has the highest corporate rate among advanced economies. Many large corporations are enthusiastic about lower rates and say they support the elimination of loopholes, which both reduce revenue and make taxes more complicated. Who would benefit from the corporate rate cut? Aside from most large companies, many partnerships and small businesses would benefit because they're structured as pass-throughs, which derives from the fact that they pass on their profits to their owners. Those owners now pay individual income tax rates, which top out at 39.6 percent. With the pass-through rate dropped to 15 percent, those taxpayers could enjoy an enormous tax cut. The Trump team stressed the benefits that might flow to small businesses. But the richest windfalls would flow to the wealthy -- lawyers, hedge fund managers, consultants and other big earners. Nearly 75 percent of pass-through income flows to the 10 percent wealthiest taxpayers, according to the liberal Center on Budget and Policy Priorities. "It would tremendously help high earners," says Brian Thompson, a certified public accountant in Chicago. In Kansas, Gov. Sam Brownback eliminated state taxes on pass-throughs, which turned out to be a boon for Bill Self, the coach of the University of Kansas' men's basketball team. He had previously set up his own company, according to state media reports. As a result, he paid little state income tax despite earning nearly $3 million a year. Many people, particularly wealthy Americans, could set up companies and reclassify their paychecks as "business income" and have it taxed at 15 percent, experts say. In Kansas, the number of pass-through businesses jumped to more than double the level the state expected, according to the nonpartisan Tax Policy Center. That cost the state revenue without spurring more job creation. Mnuchin said the Treasury would issue rules to prevent wealthy people from capitalizing on the lower rate. But many experts are skeptical. "Good luck with that," said Mark Mazur, director of the nonpartisan Tax Policy Center and a former Treasury official under President Barack Obama. "The tax agencies tend to be at least a couple of steps behind the businesses." How else would big businesses benefit? The administration is also proposing to tax only corporate income earned in the United States. This is known as a "territorial" system. It would replace the current worldwide system, under which corporations pay tax on income earned in the U.S. and overseas. Yet companies can avoid the tax if they keep their foreign earnings overseas. Many businesses have kept hundreds of billions of dollars outside the United States. Mnuchin said Trump's plan would encourage corporations to return the money to the United States and invest it in plants and equipment. Some analysts counter that corporations might instead use the money to pay dividends to shareholders. What about the deficit and growth? The government's budget deficit could explode under the plan, offsetting many of the benefits for the economy, economists say. The Committee for a Responsible Federal Budget's rough estimate puts the loss of revenue at $5.5 trillion over 10 years. Mnuchin argued that the tax cuts would spur faster growth, which, in turn, would produce more tax revenue. And the elimination of tax deductions and other loopholes would raise revenue as well, he contended. But the Trump team offered few details on which deductions would be dropped -- a move that would likely spark ferocious opposition from the beneficiaries of those deductions. And most economists don't accept the notion that growth would accelerate enough to offset the lost revenue. Alan Cole, an economist at the right-leaning Tax Foundation, calculates that the corporate tax cuts alone would reduce government revenue by $2 trillion over 10 years. That would require growth to accelerate nearly a full percentage point, to 2.8 percent a year, from its current level. Yet Cole forecasts that growth would increase only 0.4 percent annually. Other economists say that if the cuts balloon the deficit, the resulting jump in government borrowing would swell interest rates and make it harder for businesses and households to borrow and spend. Ethan Harris, chief global economist at Bank of America Merrill Lynch, says such a "crowding out" effect can cancel out any benefits to the economy. So will the economy benefit at all? Most economists forecast that a modest tax-cut package -- smaller than Trump's -- is far more likely to become law. With the deficit rising by less, a smaller cut could raise growth to 2.5 percent a year, from its roughly 2 percent pace now, Harris said. If Trump's proposals became law, depending on the details, growth could accelerate more quickly, Harris added. But the Federal Reserve would likely counter such acceleration with more short-term rate hikes, to forestall rapid inflation. And that move, in turn, would likely slow the economy. Politics Features cleveland.com editorials, columnists and opinion Follow us on Twitter Find complete election results Most Read Active Discussions About Us About Cleveland.com About Advance Ohio Advertise with us Audience FAQ Contact Us Career Opportunities Community FAQ Subscribe The Plain Dealer Sun News eNewsletters Subscriber Service Media Insider Rewards View My Profile Report a Delivery Issue Place a Vacation Hold Make a Payment Cleveland.com Sections News Sports High School Sports Entertainment Living Politics Opinion Obituaries Jobs Autos Real Estate Rentals Classifieds Shopping Deals and Coupons Local Businesses Deals in Your Area Your Regional News Pages Beachwood Brunswick Lakewood Parma & Parma Heights Strongsville More Communities Mobile Mobile Apps More on Cleveland.com Videos Photos Interact with us Weather Post a job Post a classified ad Sell your car Sell/rent your home Sitemap & search Sponsor Content Follow Us Twitter | Facebook | Google+ | Instagram | Pinterest Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement and Privacy Policy © 2017 Advance Ohio All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Advance Ohio Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site. Ad Choices
X Edition: United States Business Business Home Legal Deals Aerospace & Defense Finance Autos Reuters Summits ADventures Data Dive Markets Markets Home U.S. Markets European Markets Asian Markets Global Market Data Stocks Bonds Currencies Commodities Futures Funds Earnings Dividends World World Home U.S. Special Reports Reuters Investigates Euro Zone Middle East China Japan Mexico Brazil Africa Russia India Politics Politics Home Polling Explorer Live: Trump's First 100 Days Supreme Court Tech Technology Home Science Top 100 Global Innovators Media Environment Innovation Commentary Commentary Home Podcasts Breakingviews Breakingviews Home Breakingviews Video Money Money Home Retirement Lipper Awards Analyst Research Stock Screener Fund Screener Life Health Sports Arts Entertainment Oddly Enough Pictures Pictures Home The Wider Image Photographers Focus 360 Video Exclusive: Fear of regulation causes big swings in London's silver benchma... Africa América Latina عربي Argentina Brasil Canada 中国 Deutschland España France India Italia 日本 México РОССИЯ United Kingdom United States Business News | Thu Apr 27, 2017 | 2:07pm EDT Exclusive: Fear of regulation causes big swings in London's silver benchmark left right FILE PHOTO: A machine spins a silver chain at the Krastsvetmet non-ferrous metals plant in the Krasnoyarsk, Russia, December 14, 2016. REUTERS/Ilya Naymushin/File Photo 1/2 left right FILE PHOTO: Bars of 1000 gram silver are seen in this picture illustration at a precious metal refinery in Istanbul, Turkey, July 26, 2011. REUTERS/Murad Sezer/File Photo 2/2 By Peter Hobson and Jan Harvey | LONDON LONDON London's silver price benchmark is plagued by big, unpredictable fluctuations that risk undermining its credibility and may complicate efforts by the London Bullion Market Association to find a new operator, according to a Reuters analysis of trading data and 10 industry sources. The benchmark is used by silver producers and consumers around the world, including jewelers and electronics firms, to price their contracts in the multi-billion-dollar a day trade. The figure generated at noon London time is intended to be a fair and accurate daily snapshot of the wider, fast-moving "spot" market. However, it has diverged widely from the spot price on a number of occasions since at least January 2016, leaving buyers and sellers with unexpected gains or losses, according to the Reuters analysis using Thomson Reuters data.    Between January 2016 and March this year volumes have risen as high as 12.9 million ounces and fallen as low as 200,000 ounces, while on seven occasions the benchmark has diverged from the underlying spot price by 10 cents or more. It has diverged by more than 5 cents on more than two dozen occasions, including five times in late March alone. This is highly unusual as the average divergence for the electronic auction is about 1 cent. At the core of the problem are low volumes and the unwillingness of seven banks that execute trading orders to add liquidity by buying or selling silver during the auction to ensure the benchmark stayed close to the spot price. Traditionally banks did so, but many changed their approach after the scandal over the manipulation of the Libor interest rate benchmark, according to the 10 industry sources. Banks are now unwilling to intervene beyond putting in orders beforehand, fearing this might be construed as price manipulation by regulators, the sources said. When asked about the volatility and its implications for the credibility of the of the benchmark, the LBMA said: "The LBMA takes seriously any incident that undermines the credibility of the benchmark auction." "It is recognized that some banks' reluctance to amend orders once the auction has started has been an issue for the benchmark. The LBMA is hoping potential new operators can propose ways to enhance the auction process." The seven banks are:  HSBC, JPMorgan, Morgan Stanley, Scotiabank, Toronto-Dominion Bank, UBS and China Construction Bank. Scotiabank and China Construction Bank did not respond to requests for comment, while the other five banks declined to comment. The UK financial regulator also declined to comment. DENTING CONFIDENCE The banks' decision not to add liquidity has reduced the volume of orders in the auction and its flexibility, making the benchmark volatile. The problems come at a time when the LBMA is looking for a new operator for the benchmark after exchange platform provider CME Group and information and technology company Thomson Reuters announced their intention to quit last month, saying new regulations had prompted a review of their involvement, without elaborating. CME and Thomson Reuters told Reuters in a joint statement on Wednesday that they were committed to upholding the integrity of the LBMA Silver Price, and were working with all stakeholders to ensure its smooth operation through the transition to a new provider.   The administrators attempted to stabilize the auction in March this year by widening the acceptable gap between buy and sell orders, making it easier to set a price. The price anomalies are denting confidence in the auction. One European silver trader, who spoke on condition of anonymity, said many of his clients now preferred to execute trades at spot prices rather than use the more volatile auction. On March 20, Toronto-Dominion Bank scaled back its exposure, according to three sources who said the bank told financial clients it would no longer take their orders to the auction because it feared the benchmark could lose liquidity and become more unpredictable. Toronto-Dominion Bank declined to comment. Against this backdrop of uncertainty, the LBMA launched a tender for a new operator in mid-April and wants a new company or companies in place by autumn.    Many market participants had speculated three years ago that a key attraction was that a successful bid could swiftly be followed by deals to run the much higher profile gold benchmark. That carrot doesn't exist this time. The LBMA Gold price auction was awarded to Intercontinental Exchange (ICE) in 2015. "Everybody thought that silver was going to lead to getting gold, but now ICE has got the gold," said Michael Greenacre, chief executive of Autilla, which took part in a bid to operate the silver benchmark in 2014. "The cherry on the pie has gone." Industry sources said there were likely to be far fewer bidders than the seven attracted when the electronic auction was launched 2014 and that it would be a far tougher sell because of the volatility problems and the lack of the gold incentive.     The LBMA denies that, saying it has been approached by interested parties. It declined to give numbers or names. (Additional reporting by Pratima Desai; Editing by Pravin Char) Our Standards: The Thomson Reuters Trust Principles Next In Business News Oil rises on potential OPEC cut extension, but still faces second weekly loss SINGAPORE Oil prices rose on Friday but were still on track for a second straight weekly loss on concerns that an OPEC-led production cut has failed to significantly tighten an oversupplied market. Congress readies votes Friday on bill to avert government shutdown WASHINGTON The U.S. Congress is set to debate legislation that would extend until May 5 the deadline for a deal on federal spending through September and head off a feared government shutdown at midnight on Friday. MORE FROM REUTERS Sponsored Content From Around the WebPromoted by Revcontent Trending Stories Pictures Photos of the day Sponsored Topics X Follow Reuters: Follow Us On Twitter Follow Us On Facebook Follow Us On RSS Follow Us On Instagram Follow Us On YouTube Follow Us On LinkedIn Subscribe: Feeds | Newsletters | Podcasts | Apps Reuters News Agency | Brand Attribution Guidelines | Careers Reuters is the news and media division of Thomson Reuters. Thomson Reuters is the world's largest international multimedia news agency, providing investing news, world news, business news, technology news, headline news, small business news, news alerts, personal finance, stock market, and mutual funds information available on Reuters.com, video, mobile, and interactive television platforms. Learn more about Thomson Reuters products: Eikon Information, analytics and exclusive news on financial markets - delivered in an intuitive desktop and mobile interface Elektron Everything you need to empower your workflow and enhance your enterprise data management World-Check Screen for heightened risk individual and entities globally to help uncover hidden risks in business relationships and human networks Westlaw Build the strongest argument relying on authoritative content, attorney-editor expertise, and industry defining technology ONESOURCE The most comprehensive solution to manage all your complex and ever-expanding tax and compliance needs CHECKPOINT The industry leader for online information for tax, accounting and finance professionals All quotes delayed a minimum of 15 minutes. See here for a complete list of exchanges and delays. Site Feedback Corrections Advertising Guidelines Cookies Terms of Use Privacy Policy
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Metlife Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Metlife Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Rightside Group (NAME) Earns Daily News Sentiment Rating of 0.41 Prudential Public Limited Company (PUK) Receiving Positive Media Coverage, Report Finds Cabot Oil & Gas Co. to Post FY2017 Earnings of $0.72 Per Share, Williams Capital Forecasts (COG) Monro Muffler Brake Inc to Post FY2017 Earnings of $1.95 Per Share, Northcoast Research Forecasts (MNRO) Melrose Bancorp (MELR) Receives Daily Coverage Optimism Rating of 0.42 Positive Media Coverage Likely to Impact Cambrex (CBM) Stock Price Metlife Inc (MET) Expected to Post FY2017 Earnings of $5.35 Per Share Reinsurance Group of America (RGA) Receiving Positive News Coverage, Study Finds Western New England Bancorp Inc Announces Quarterly Dividend of $0.03 (wneb) Simulations Plus, Inc. Plans Quarterly Dividend of $0.05 (slp) Genco Shipping & Trading Limited Ordinary Shares New (Marshall Islands) (GNK) Price Target Raised to $19.00 Aperam (APEMY) Raised to “Buy” at Zacks Investment Research BB&T Co. (BBT) Lifted to “Buy” at Hilliard Lyons Rockwell Collins, Inc. (COL) Price Target Raised to $110.00 FleetCor Technologies’ (FLT) “Buy” Rating Reiterated at Deutsche Bank AG China Unicom (Hong Kong) Limited (CHU) Cut to Hold at Zacks Investment Research American Financial Group Inc (AFG) Stake Decreased by Mesirow Financial Investment Management Equity Management Manchester Capital Management LLC Has $159,000 Stake in Humana Inc (HUM) ProShare Advisors LLC Decreases Stake in Lam Research Co. (LRCX) Mesirow Financial Investment Management Equity Management Purchases Shares of 154,650 American Woodmark Co. (AMWD) Metlife Inc (MET) Expected to Post FY2017 Earnings of $5.35 Per Share April 27th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Jeff Wilder Filed Under: Analyst Articles - Estimates - Finance Tweet Metlife Inc (NYSE:MET) – Stock analysts at FBR & Co decreased their FY2017 earnings per share (EPS) estimates for shares of Metlife in a note issued to investors on Monday. FBR & Co analyst R. Binner now anticipates that the financial services provider will post earnings per share of $5.35 for the year, down from their prior estimate of $5.45. FBR & Co has a “Hold” rating on the stock. Other equities research analysts also recently issued research reports about the company. TheStreet raised Metlife from a “c” rating to a “b-” rating in a report on Monday, April 3rd. Zacks Investment Research downgraded Metlife from a “hold” rating to a “sell” rating in a report on Wednesday. JPMorgan Chase & Co. reduced their target price on Metlife from $57.00 to $54.00 and set an “overweight” rating for the company in a report on Monday, April 3rd. Wells Fargo & Co reissued a “buy” rating on shares of Metlife in a report on Tuesday, April 18th. Finally, Deutsche Bank AG reissued a “buy” rating and issued a $65.00 target price on shares of Metlife in a report on Sunday, February 5th. One analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, four have given a hold rating, eight have issued a buy rating and one has assigned a strong buy rating to the stock. The company presently has an average rating of “Buy” and an average target price of $55.57. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY WARNING: This news story was first published by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are viewing this news story on another website, it was stolen and reposted in violation of United States & international trademark & copyright law. The original version of this news story can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/27/metlife-inc-met-expected-to-post-fy2017-earnings-of-5-35-per-share.html. Shares of Metlife (NYSE:MET) traded up 0.33% during midday trading on Wednesday, hitting $52.06. 2,313,090 shares of the company were exchanged. Metlife has a 52-week low of $36.17 and a 52-week high of $58.09. The stock has a market capitalization of $56.60 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 82.63 and a beta of 1.65. The company has a 50-day moving average price of $52.50 and a 200-day moving average price of $52.65. Metlife (NYSE:MET) last announced its quarterly earnings data on Wednesday, February 1st. The financial services provider reported $1.28 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, missing the Zacks’ consensus estimate of $1.34 by $0.06. Metlife had a net margin of 1.30% and a return on equity of 7.17%. The firm earned $12.08 billion during the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $17.34 billion. During the same period in the prior year, the company posted $1.23 EPS. The company’s revenue for the quarter was down 29.1% compared to the same quarter last year. The company also recently declared a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Tuesday, June 13th. Stockholders of record on Monday, May 8th will be paid a dividend of $0.40 per share. This represents a $1.60 annualized dividend and a dividend yield of 3.08%. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Thursday, May 4th. Metlife’s dividend payout ratio (DPR) is presently 262.30%. In other news, Director James M. Kilts purchased 2,795 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction dated Wednesday, March 1st. The stock was acquired at an average price of $54.17 per share, with a total value of $151,405.15. Following the purchase, the director now directly owns 41,951 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $2,272,485.67. The transaction was disclosed in a legal filing with the SEC, which is available at this hyperlink. Also, Director James M. Kilts purchased 17,205 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction dated Wednesday, March 22nd. The shares were purchased at an average cost of $51.13 per share, with a total value of $879,691.65. Following the purchase, the director now directly owns 59,443 shares in the company, valued at $3,039,320.59. The disclosure for this purchase can be found here. Insiders own 0.27% of the company’s stock. A number of hedge funds have recently bought and sold shares of the company. Woodmont Investment Counsel LLC bought a new stake in Metlife during the third quarter worth approximately $120,000. First Mercantile Trust Co. bought a new stake in Metlife during the first quarter worth approximately $149,000. Carroll Financial Associates Inc. boosted its stake in Metlife by 15.0% in the first quarter. Carroll Financial Associates Inc. now owns 2,847 shares of the financial services provider’s stock worth $150,000 after buying an additional 372 shares in the last quarter. SRB Corp boosted its stake in Metlife by 20.8% in the third quarter. SRB Corp now owns 3,849 shares of the financial services provider’s stock worth $171,000 after buying an additional 664 shares in the last quarter. Finally, Alpha Windward LLC boosted its stake in Metlife by 0.9% in the first quarter. Alpha Windward LLC now owns 3,297 shares of the financial services provider’s stock worth $174,000 after buying an additional 29 shares in the last quarter. Hedge funds and other institutional investors own 74.92% of the company’s stock. Metlife Company Profile MetLife, Inc is a provider of life insurance, annuities, employee benefits and asset management. The Company’s segments include U.S.; Asia; Latin America; Europe, the Middle East and Africa (EMEA); MetLife Holdings; Brighthouse Financial, and Corporate & Other. Its U.S. segment is organized into Group Benefits, Retirement and Income Solutions and Property & Casualty businesses. Receive News & Ratings for Metlife Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Metlife Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Judge Uses Comment by President Trump in Ruling Fight for Border Wall Approaches in Attempt to Avoid Shutdown President Trump Attempting To Repeal ACA Again Vice President Pence Says North Korea Should Not Test U.S. Resolve Trump’s Back and Forth on Economics © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Prudential Public Limited Company - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Prudential Public Limited Company with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Rightside Group (NAME) Earns Daily News Sentiment Rating of 0.41 Prudential Public Limited Company (PUK) Receiving Positive Media Coverage, Report Finds Cabot Oil & Gas Co. to Post FY2017 Earnings of $0.72 Per Share, Williams Capital Forecasts (COG) Monro Muffler Brake Inc to Post FY2017 Earnings of $1.95 Per Share, Northcoast Research Forecasts (MNRO) Melrose Bancorp (MELR) Receives Daily Coverage Optimism Rating of 0.42 Positive Media Coverage Likely to Impact Cambrex (CBM) Stock Price Metlife Inc (MET) Expected to Post FY2017 Earnings of $5.35 Per Share Reinsurance Group of America (RGA) Receiving Positive News Coverage, Study Finds Western New England Bancorp Inc Announces Quarterly Dividend of $0.03 (wneb) Simulations Plus, Inc. Plans Quarterly Dividend of $0.05 (slp) Genco Shipping & Trading Limited Ordinary Shares New (Marshall Islands) (GNK) Price Target Raised to $19.00 Aperam (APEMY) Raised to “Buy” at Zacks Investment Research BB&T Co. (BBT) Lifted to “Buy” at Hilliard Lyons Rockwell Collins, Inc. (COL) Price Target Raised to $110.00 FleetCor Technologies’ (FLT) “Buy” Rating Reiterated at Deutsche Bank AG China Unicom (Hong Kong) Limited (CHU) Cut to Hold at Zacks Investment Research American Financial Group Inc (AFG) Stake Decreased by Mesirow Financial Investment Management Equity Management Manchester Capital Management LLC Has $159,000 Stake in Humana Inc (HUM) ProShare Advisors LLC Decreases Stake in Lam Research Co. (LRCX) Mesirow Financial Investment Management Equity Management Purchases Shares of 154,650 American Woodmark Co. (AMWD) Prudential Public Limited Company (PUK) Receiving Positive Media Coverage, Report Finds April 27th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Tyrone Williams Filed Under: Finance - News Sentiment Articles Tweet News stories about Prudential Public Limited Company (NYSE:PUK) have been trending positive recently, according to Alpha One Sentiment Analysis. The research group, a division of Accern, identifies positive and negative press coverage by reviewing more than twenty million news and blog sources in real time. Alpha One ranks coverage of publicly-traded companies on a scale of negative one to one, with scores nearest to one being the most favorable. Prudential Public Limited Company earned a coverage optimism score of 0.43 on Alpha One’s scale. Alpha One also assigned news coverage about the financial services provider an impact score of 82 out of 100, meaning that recent press coverage is very likely to have an impact on the stock’s share price in the next few days. Here are some of the news articles that may have effected AlphaOne Sentiment’s analysis: Prudential Public Limited Company (NYSE:PUK) Valuation According To Analysts (cote-ivoire.com) Jefferies Group Analysts Lift Earnings Estimates for Prudential Public Limited Company (PUK) (americanbankingnews.com) Prudential Public Limited Company (PUK) Forecasted to Earn FY2019 Earnings of $4.14 Per Share (americanbankingnews.com) Prudential Public Limited Company (PUK) Given Average Rating of “Buy” by Brokerages (americanbankingnews.com) Positive Media Coverage Likely to Affect Prudential Public Limited Company (PUK) Share Price (americanbankingnews.com) PUK has been the subject of a number of research reports. Zacks Investment Research upgraded Prudential Public Limited Company from a “sell” rating to a “hold” rating in a research report on Thursday. JPMorgan Chase & Co. upgraded Prudential Public Limited Company from an “underweight” rating to a “neutral” rating in a research report on Friday, March 17th. Goldman Sachs Group Inc restated a “buy” rating on shares of Prudential Public Limited Company in a research report on Thursday, April 20th. Finally, Societe Generale upgraded Prudential Public Limited Company from a “sell” rating to a “hold” rating in a research report on Wednesday, January 11th. Three research analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and four have assigned a buy rating to the stock. Prudential Public Limited Company currently has a consensus rating of “Buy” and an average target price of $43.20. Shares of Prudential Public Limited Company (NYSE:PUK) traded up 1.713% during mid-day trading on Thursday, reaching $44.835. The company’s stock had a trading volume of 240,779 shares. The firm has a market cap of $57.62 billion, a P/E ratio of 23.899 and a beta of 1.68. The firm’s 50-day moving average price is $42.21 and its 200 day moving average price is $39.26. Prudential Public Limited Company has a 12-month low of $29.14 and a 12-month high of $44.86. The firm also recently declared a semiannual dividend, which will be paid on Friday, May 26th. Investors of record on Friday, March 31st will be paid a $0.744 dividend. This represents a dividend yield of 3.5%. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Wednesday, March 29th. This is a positive change from Prudential Public Limited Company’s previous semiannual dividend of $0.34. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY WARNING: This report was first reported by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are viewing this report on another domain, it was copied illegally and reposted in violation of U.S. & international copyright law. The correct version of this report can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/27/prudential-public-limited-company-puk-receiving-positive-media-coverage-report-finds.html. Prudential Public Limited Company Company Profile Prudential Public Limited Company is an international financial services company. The Company has operations in Asia, the United States and the United Kingdom. Its segments include Insurance operations, including Asia, the United States (Jackson National Life Insurance Company (Jackson)) and the United Kingdom, and Asset management operations, including Eastspring Investments, the United States broker-dealer and asset management, M&G and Prudential Capital. Receive News & Ratings for Prudential Public Limited Company Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Prudential Public Limited Company and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Judge Uses Comment by President Trump in Ruling Fight for Border Wall Approaches in Attempt to Avoid Shutdown President Trump Attempting To Repeal ACA Again Vice President Pence Says North Korea Should Not Test U.S. Resolve Trump’s Back and Forth on Economics © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance AK Steel Holding Co. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for AK Steel Holding Co. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News AK Steel Holding Co. Forecasted to Post FY2017 Earnings of $0.54 Per Share (AKS) Resolute Energy Corp to Post FY2017 Earnings of $1.58 Per Share, Capital One Financial Corp. Forecasts (REN) William Blair Comments on Chubb Ltd’s FY2017 Earnings (CB) National Bank Financial Weighs in on Canadian National Railway Company’s FY2017 Earnings (CNR) FY2017 EPS Estimates for Saul Centers Inc Raised by Capital One Financial Corp. (BFS) American Airlines Group (AAL) Getting Somewhat Positive Media Coverage, Report Finds Argus Cuts General Electric Company (GE) Price Target to $33.00 Royal Bank of Canada Reaffirms Hold Rating for Archrock Partners LP (APLP) British American Tobacco PLC (BTI) Raised to “Buy” at Zacks Investment Research Zacks Investment Research Upgrades CalAmp Corp. (CAMP) to Buy Northcoast Research Begins Coverage on CDW Corp (CDW) Aspen Insurance Holdings Limited (ahl) Raises Dividend to $0.24 Per Share J2 Global Inc (JCOM) Stake Increased by Profund Advisors LLC ProShare Advisors LLC Buys 15,030 Shares of Nordson Co. (NDSN) ProShare Advisors LLC Has $10.259 Million Position in Intuit Inc. (INTU) Equity Residential (EQR) Shares Sold by ProShare Advisors LLC United Community Financial Corp Announces Quarterly Dividend of $0.03 (ucfc) B2Gold Corp (BTG) Expected to Announce Quarterly Sales of $148.95 Million Profund Advisors LLC Cuts Stake in Edison International (EIX) Hang Lung Properties Limited (0101) To Go Ex-Dividend on May 2nd AK Steel Holding Co. Forecasted to Post FY2017 Earnings of $0.54 Per Share (AKS) April 27th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Patrick Bannon Filed Under: Analyst Articles - Estimates - Finance Tweet AK Steel Holding Co. (NYSE:AKS) – Stock analysts at Jefferies Group increased their FY2017 EPS estimates for AK Steel Holding in a research note issued to investors on Tuesday. Jefferies Group analyst S. Rosenfeld now forecasts that the basic materials company will post earnings of $0.54 per share for the year, up from their prior forecast of $0.43. Jefferies Group has a “Hold” rating and a $11.50 price objective on the stock. AK Steel Holding (NYSE:AKS) last issued its quarterly earnings results on Tuesday, April 25th. The basic materials company reported $0.19 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, beating the consensus estimate of $0.15 by $0.04. AK Steel Holding had a negative return on equity of 47.34% and a negative net margin of 0.13%. The business had revenue of $1.53 billion for the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $1.49 billion. During the same quarter in the prior year, the firm posted ($0.08) earnings per share. The firm’s revenue for the quarter was up 1.0% compared to the same quarter last year. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION NOTICE: “AK Steel Holding Co. Forecasted to Post FY2017 Earnings of $0.54 Per Share (AKS)” was originally reported by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are accessing this piece on another website, it was illegally copied and republished in violation of international copyright & trademark laws. The original version of this piece can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/27/ak-steel-holding-co-forecasted-to-post-fy2017-earnings-of-0-54-per-share-aks.html. Other equities research analysts have also issued research reports about the company. Cowen and Company reduced their price objective on AK Steel Holding from $9.00 to $7.00 and set a “market perform” rating on the stock in a research report on Thursday. JPMorgan Chase & Co. restated a “neutral” rating and set a $9.00 price objective (up previously from $8.00) on shares of AK Steel Holding in a research report on Wednesday, March 22nd. Citigroup Inc upgraded AK Steel Holding from a “sell” rating to a “neutral” rating and reduced their price objective for the stock from $8.00 to $7.00 in a research report on Wednesday, April 19th. Vetr lowered AK Steel Holding from a “hold” rating to a “sell” rating and set a $8.17 price objective on the stock. in a research report on Thursday, February 9th. Finally, Zacks Investment Research lowered AK Steel Holding from a “hold” rating to a “sell” rating in a research report on Tuesday, March 21st. Three equities research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, eight have issued a hold rating, three have assigned a buy rating and one has issued a strong buy rating to the company’s stock. AK Steel Holding presently has a consensus rating of “Hold” and an average target price of $8.09. Shares of AK Steel Holding (NYSE:AKS) traded down 1.55% during trading on Thursday, hitting $6.35. The stock had a trading volume of 10,711,724 shares. The stock has a 50 day moving average price of $7.24 and a 200-day moving average price of $8.04. The stock’s market capitalization is $2.00 billion. AK Steel Holding has a one year low of $3.31 and a one year high of $11.39. AK Steel Holding also was the target of unusually large options trading on Monday. Stock investors acquired 17,272 call options on the company. This represents an increase of approximately 113% compared to the typical daily volume of 8,091 call options. A number of hedge funds and other institutional investors have recently made changes to their positions in the company. Hodges Capital Management Inc. acquired a new stake in AK Steel Holding during the fourth quarter worth $1,736,000. BlackRock Fund Advisors raised its stake in AK Steel Holding by 8.7% in the third quarter. BlackRock Fund Advisors now owns 16,604,292 shares of the basic materials company’s stock worth $80,199,000 after buying an additional 1,323,068 shares during the last quarter. Nicholas Investment Partners LP acquired a new stake in AK Steel Holding during the fourth quarter worth $3,295,000. James Investment Research Inc. acquired a new stake in AK Steel Holding during the first quarter worth $2,006,000. Finally, Rothschild Asset Management Inc. acquired a new stake in AK Steel Holding during the third quarter worth $13,695,000. 62.21% of the stock is currently owned by hedge funds and other institutional investors. About AK Steel Holding AK Steel Holding Corporation is a producer of flat-rolled carbon, stainless and electrical steels, and tubular products through its subsidiary, AK Steel Corporation (AK Steel). The Company also operates blast furnaces and electric arc furnaces. As of December 31, 2016, its operations included eight steelmaking and finishing plants, two coke plants and two tube manufacturing plants across states, including Indiana, Kentucky, Michigan, Ohio, Pennsylvania and West Virginia, and a tube manufacturing plant in Mexico. Receive News & Ratings for AK Steel Holding Co. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for AK Steel Holding Co. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Judge Uses Comment by President Trump in Ruling Fight for Border Wall Approaches in Attempt to Avoid Shutdown President Trump Attempting To Repeal ACA Again Vice President Pence Says North Korea Should Not Test U.S. Resolve Trump’s Back and Forth on Economics © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Goldman Sachs Group Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Goldman Sachs Group Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Jacobs Engineering Group Inc (JEC) Earns “Buy” Rating from Credit Suisse Group AG ServiceNow’s (NOW) “Neutral” Rating Reaffirmed at MKM Partners InterXion Holding NV (INXN) Given “Buy” Rating at Royal Bank of Canada Vetr Inc. Lowers Goldman Sachs Group Inc (GS) to Strong Sell Covanta Holding Corp (CVA) Posts Earnings Results, Misses Estimates By $0.16 EPS Moelis & Co (MC) Releases Earnings Results, Beats Expectations By $0.12 EPS FY2017 Earnings Forecast for Debenhams PLC Issued By Jefferies Group (DBHSY) Fifth Third Bancorp (FITB) to Post FY2017 Earnings of $1.78 Per Share, Wedbush Forecasts Favorable News Coverage Extremely Likely to Impact Bank of New York Mellon Corp (BK) Share Price Medley Capital Corp (MCC) Earning Somewhat Negative Media Coverage, Report Shows FY2017 EPS Estimates for F.N.B. Corp Decreased by Boenning Scattergood (FNB) Diageo plc to Post FY2017 Earnings of $5.25 Per Share, Jefferies Group Forecasts (DEO) Aspen Insurance Holdings Limited (AHL) Earns Coverage Optimism Rating of 0.03 Traders Buy High Volume of Put Options on United Continental Holdings (UAL) Buckhead Capital Management LLC Raises Stake in Sonoco Products Co (SON) Bio-Rad Laboratories, Inc. (BIO) Shares Sold by Fisher Asset Management LLC TreeHouse Foods Inc. (THS) Shares Sold by Fisher Asset Management LLC Fisher Asset Management LLC Has $62.848 Million Position in Stratasys, Ltd. (SSYS) Fisher Asset Management LLC Decreases Stake in Vishay Intertechnology (VSH) Fisher Asset Management LLC Reduces Position in Life Storage Inc (LSI) Vetr Inc. Lowers Goldman Sachs Group Inc (GS) to Strong Sell April 27th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Trevor Kearing Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Finance Tweet Vetr downgraded shares of Goldman Sachs Group Inc (NYSE:GS) from a sell rating to a strong sell rating in a report published on Monday. Vetr currently has $191.87 price target on the investment management company’s stock. Several other research firms have also weighed in on GS. Compass Point began coverage on shares of Goldman Sachs Group in a research note on Wednesday, February 22nd. They set a neutral rating and a $250.00 price objective on the stock. Berenberg Bank lowered shares of Goldman Sachs Group from a hold rating to a sell rating and boosted their price objective for the stock from $140.00 to $190.00 in a research note on Friday, February 24th. They noted that the move was a valuation call. Macquarie restated an outperform rating on shares of Goldman Sachs Group in a research note on Thursday, February 16th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. restated a buy rating on shares of Goldman Sachs Group in a research note on Tuesday, March 14th. Finally, CLSA restated an outperform rating and set a $275.00 price objective on shares of Goldman Sachs Group in a research note on Friday, January 13th. Three investment analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, thirteen have issued a hold rating and thirteen have assigned a buy rating to the company’s stock. The stock presently has an average rating of Hold and an average target price of $228.54. Shares of Goldman Sachs Group (NYSE:GS) traded down 1.0146% during midday trading on Monday, hitting $223.9049. The stock had a trading volume of 1,276,834 shares. Goldman Sachs Group has a 1-year low of $138.20 and a 1-year high of $255.15. The firm has a market capitalization of $91.64 billion, a PE ratio of 11.9098 and a beta of 1.50. The company’s 50 day moving average price is $231.70 and its 200-day moving average price is $224.46. Goldman Sachs Group (NYSE:GS) last released its quarterly earnings data on Tuesday, April 18th. The investment management company reported $5.15 earnings per share for the quarter, missing the consensus estimate of $5.31 by $0.16. The firm had revenue of $8.03 billion for the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $8.33 billion. Goldman Sachs Group had a return on equity of 9.78% and a net margin of 24.17%. The firm’s revenue for the quarter was up 26.6% on a year-over-year basis. During the same quarter in the prior year, the firm earned $2.68 earnings per share. Equities analysts predict that Goldman Sachs Group will post $19.14 earnings per share for the current year. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY NOTICE: This piece of content was originally posted by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are reading this piece of content on another site, it was illegally stolen and reposted in violation of US & international copyright & trademark legislation. The original version of this piece of content can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/27/vetr-inc-lowers-goldman-sachs-group-inc-gs-to-strong-sell.html. The company also recently declared a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Thursday, June 29th. Stockholders of record on Thursday, June 1st will be issued a dividend of $0.75 per share. This represents a $3.00 dividend on an annualized basis and a dividend yield of 1.33%. The ex-dividend date is Tuesday, May 30th. This is an increase from Goldman Sachs Group’s previous quarterly dividend of $0.65. Goldman Sachs Group’s dividend payout ratio is 15.89%. In other news, EVP Alan M. Cohen sold 5,599 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Thursday, February 16th. The shares were sold at an average price of $250.16, for a total transaction of $1,400,645.84. Following the completion of the sale, the executive vice president now owns 77,135 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $19,296,091.60. The sale was disclosed in a legal filing with the SEC, which is accessible through this hyperlink. Also, EVP John F.W. Rogers sold 32,325 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Wednesday, February 15th. The stock was sold at an average price of $250.06, for a total transaction of $8,083,189.50. Following the sale, the executive vice president now directly owns 94,458 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $23,620,167.48. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. In the last ninety days, insiders have sold 83,574 shares of company stock valued at $20,376,384. 2.61% of the stock is currently owned by insiders. Hedge funds have recently modified their holdings of the company. Ancora Advisors LLC purchased a new stake in shares of Goldman Sachs Group during the fourth quarter worth $109,000. Parallel Advisors LLC purchased a new stake in shares of Goldman Sachs Group during the fourth quarter worth $121,000. Israel Discount Bank of New York GFN purchased a new stake in shares of Goldman Sachs Group during the fourth quarter worth $158,000. Cedar Wealth Management LLC increased its stake in shares of Goldman Sachs Group by 3.9% in the third quarter. Cedar Wealth Management LLC now owns 983 shares of the investment management company’s stock worth $159,000 after buying an additional 37 shares during the period. Finally, Thomas J. Herzfeld Advisors Inc. purchased a new stake in shares of Goldman Sachs Group during the fourth quarter worth $166,000. 72.77% of the stock is owned by institutional investors. About Goldman Sachs Group The Goldman Sachs Group, Inc is an investment banking, securities and investment management company that provides a range of financial services to corporations, financial institutions, governments and individuals. The Company operates in four business segments: Investment Banking, Institutional Client Services, Investing & Lending, and Investment Management. To view Vetr’s full report, visit Vetr’s official website. Receive News & Ratings for Goldman Sachs Group Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Goldman Sachs Group Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Judge Uses Comment by President Trump in Ruling Fight for Border Wall Approaches in Attempt to Avoid Shutdown President Trump Attempting To Repeal ACA Again Vice President Pence Says North Korea Should Not Test U.S. Resolve Trump’s Back and Forth on Economics © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Anglo American plc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Anglo American plc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Kathleen M. Mahoney Sells 516 Shares of SpartanNash Co (SPTN) Stock Anglo American plc (AAL) Insider Buys £158.34 in Stock Stephen L. Eastman Buys 350 Shares of Fastenal Company (FAST) Stock Potash Co. of Saskatchewan (POT) Updates FY17 Earnings Guidance Illumina, Inc. (ILMN) Releases Quarterly Earnings Results, Meets Estimates Limelight Networks, Inc. (LLNW) PT Set at $4.00 by Cowen and Company Advisors Capital Management LLC Sells 55,163 Shares of Synchrony Financial (SYF) General Motors Company (GM) Shares Bought by Sigma Planning Corp Rehmann Capital Advisory Group Has $177,000 Stake in AEGON (AEG) Rehmann Capital Advisory Group Maintains Position in Wendys Co (WEN) ARRIS International plc (ARRS) Stock Rating Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research Zacks Investment Research Downgrades NRG Energy Inc (NRG) to Hold Celanese Co. (CE) PT Raised to $101.00 Crestwood Equity Partners LP (CEQP) Position Increased by Sigma Planning Corp Sigma Planning Corp Sells 2,152 Shares of Gentex Co. (GNTX) Brokers Offer Predictions for Illinois Tool Works Inc.’s Q3 2017 Earnings (ITW) Somewhat Favorable News Coverage Somewhat Likely to Impact Energy Fuels (UUUU) Stock Price Q3 2017 EPS Estimates for C R Bard Inc (BCR) Lowered by Leerink Swann Beacon Roofing Supply, Inc. to Post Q3 2017 Earnings of $0.86 Per Share, Jefferies Group Forecasts (BECN) Brokers Offer Predictions for Honeywell International Inc.’s Q3 2017 Earnings (HON) Anglo American plc (AAL) Insider Buys £158.34 in Stock April 27th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Jeff Wilder Filed Under: Finance - Insider Trades Tweet Anglo American plc (LON:AAL) insider Rene Medori bought 14 shares of the stock in a transaction that occurred on Tuesday, April 18th. The stock was acquired at an average cost of GBX 1,131 ($14.46) per share, for a total transaction of £158.34 ($202.43). Anglo American plc (LON:AAL) traded down 2.47% during mid-day trading on Thursday, hitting GBX 1087.50. 4,920,637 shares of the stock traded hands. The stock’s market capitalization is GBX 13.85 billion. The company has a 50 day moving average price of GBX 1,202.68 and a 200-day moving average price of GBX 1,208.00. Anglo American plc has a one year low of GBX 555.20 and a one year high of GBX 1,529.01. TRADEMARK VIOLATION WARNING: “Anglo American plc (AAL) Insider Buys £158.34 in Stock” was reported by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are accessing this report on another website, it was copied illegally and republished in violation of international trademark and copyright legislation. The legal version of this report can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/27/anglo-american-plc-aal-insider-buys-158-34-in-stock.html. Several analysts have weighed in on the stock. JPMorgan Chase & Co. upped their price objective on shares of Anglo American plc from GBX 1,470 ($18.79) to GBX 1,530 ($19.56) and gave the stock an “overweight” rating in a research note on Tuesday, March 7th. Citigroup Inc decreased their price objective on shares of Anglo American plc from GBX 1,450 ($18.54) to GBX 1,400 ($17.90) and set a “neutral” rating on the stock in a research note on Monday, March 27th. Barclays PLC decreased their price objective on shares of Anglo American plc from GBX 1,220 ($15.60) to GBX 1,165 ($14.89) and set an “equal weight” rating on the stock in a research note on Friday, April 21st. Goldman Sachs Group Inc decreased their price objective on shares of Anglo American plc from GBX 1,600 ($20.46) to GBX 1,500 ($19.18) and set a “buy” rating on the stock in a research note on Wednesday, March 15th. Finally, Liberum Capital reaffirmed a “sell” rating and set a GBX 575 ($7.35) price objective on shares of Anglo American plc in a research note on Wednesday, January 25th. Two equities research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, nine have issued a hold rating and four have given a buy rating to the stock. The company presently has an average rating of “Hold” and an average target price of GBX 1,296.67 ($16.58). Anglo American plc Company Profile Anglo American plc is a mining company. The Company has a portfolio of mining operations and undeveloped resources with a focus on diamonds, copper, platinum group metals (PGMs), and bulk commodities and other minerals. Its segments include De Beers, Platinum, Copper, Nickel, Niobium and Phosphates, Iron Ore and Manganese, Coal, and Corporate and other. Receive News & Ratings for Anglo American plc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Anglo American plc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Judge Uses Comment by President Trump in Ruling Fight for Border Wall Approaches in Attempt to Avoid Shutdown President Trump Attempting To Repeal ACA Again Vice President Pence Says North Korea Should Not Test U.S. Resolve Trump’s Back and Forth on Economics © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Clorox Co - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Clorox Co with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Gold Fields Limited (GFI) Cut to Underperform at Royal Bank of Canada Illumina, Inc. (ILMN) Raised to “Strong-Buy” at Vetr Inc. $149.9 Million in Sales Expected for Spartan Motors Inc (SPAR) This Quarter CSI Compressco LP (CCLP) PT Lowered to $9.00 at Royal Bank of Canada Clorox Co (CLX) Lifted to “Buy” at Vetr Inc. Halliburton Company (HAL) Price Target Cut to $57.00 Groupon Inc (GRPN) Cut to “Underweight” at Morgan Stanley NGL Energy Partners LP (NGL) Price Target Cut to $24.00 Select Medical Holdings Co. (SEM) Expected to Announce Quarterly Sales of $1.15 Billion Vetr Inc. Lowers Bristol-Myers Squibb Co (BMY) to Buy Kathleen M. Mahoney Sells 516 Shares of SpartanNash Co (SPTN) Stock Anglo American plc (AAL) Insider Buys £158.34 in Stock Stephen L. Eastman Buys 350 Shares of Fastenal Company (FAST) Stock Potash Co. of Saskatchewan (POT) Updates FY17 Earnings Guidance Illumina, Inc. (ILMN) Releases Quarterly Earnings Results, Meets Estimates Limelight Networks, Inc. (LLNW) PT Set at $4.00 by Cowen and Company Advisors Capital Management LLC Sells 55,163 Shares of Synchrony Financial (SYF) General Motors Company (GM) Shares Bought by Sigma Planning Corp Rehmann Capital Advisory Group Has $177,000 Stake in AEGON (AEG) Rehmann Capital Advisory Group Maintains Position in Wendys Co (WEN) Clorox Co (CLX) Lifted to “Buy” at Vetr Inc. April 27th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Jeff Wilder Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Finance Tweet Vetr upgraded shares of Clorox Co (NYSE:CLX) from a hold rating to a buy rating in a research note issued to investors on Monday morning. The firm currently has $139.67 price objective on the stock. Several other research analysts have also recently weighed in on the stock. Jefferies Group LLC began coverage on shares of Clorox in a report on Tuesday, April 18th. They set a hold rating and a $138.00 price objective for the company. Citigroup Inc boosted their price objective on shares of Clorox from $75.00 to $76.00 and gave the company a neutral rating in a report on Friday, April 7th. Zacks Investment Research cut shares of Clorox from a buy rating to a hold rating in a report on Thursday, April 6th. Royal Bank of Canada set a $115.00 price objective on shares of Clorox and gave the company a hold rating in a report on Tuesday, March 21st. Finally, JPMorgan Chase & Co. began coverage on shares of Clorox in a report on Tuesday, March 21st. They set a neutral rating and a $136.00 price objective for the company. Eleven analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and three have given a buy rating to the company. The stock has a consensus rating of Hold and an average target price of $128.97. Clorox (NYSE:CLX) traded up 0.11% during mid-day trading on Monday, reaching $133.72. 141,133 shares of the company’s stock traded hands. Clorox has a 12-month low of $111.24 and a 12-month high of $140.47. The stock has a 50 day moving average of $135.89 and a 200 day moving average of $125.07. The company has a market cap of $17.15 billion, a P/E ratio of 26.82 and a beta of 0.32. Clorox (NYSE:CLX) last released its quarterly earnings data on Friday, February 3rd. The company reported $1.25 earnings per share for the quarter, beating the consensus estimate of $1.22 by $0.03. Clorox had a net margin of 11.15% and a return on equity of 239.42%. The firm earned $1.41 billion during the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $1.41 billion. During the same period in the previous year, the company earned $1.14 earnings per share. The firm’s quarterly revenue was up 4.5% on a year-over-year basis. On average, equities research analysts predict that Clorox will post $5.31 earnings per share for the current fiscal year. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION WARNING: This piece of content was posted by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are reading this piece of content on another website, it was illegally stolen and republished in violation of United States and international trademark and copyright laws. The legal version of this piece of content can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/27/clorox-co-clx-lifted-to-buy-at-vetr-inc.html. The company also recently declared a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Friday, May 5th. Shareholders of record on Wednesday, April 19th will be given a $0.80 dividend. The ex-dividend date is Monday, April 17th. This represents a $3.20 dividend on an annualized basis and a dividend yield of 2.40%. Clorox’s payout ratio is currently 64.13%. Several institutional investors have recently bought and sold shares of the company. Norges Bank purchased a new position in Clorox during the fourth quarter worth $122,784,000. Russell Investments Group Ltd. purchased a new position in Clorox during the fourth quarter worth $47,452,000. Congress Asset Management Co. MA purchased a new position in Clorox during the fourth quarter worth $46,454,000. Alyeska Investment Group L.P. purchased a new position in Clorox during the fourth quarter worth $34,303,000. Finally, Asset Management One Co. Ltd. raised its position in Clorox by 1,915.6% in the fourth quarter. Asset Management One Co. Ltd. now owns 273,277 shares of the company’s stock worth $32,822,000 after buying an additional 259,719 shares during the last quarter. Institutional investors and hedge funds own 70.14% of the company’s stock. About Clorox The Clorox Company is a manufacturer and marketer of consumer and professional products. The Company sells its products primarily through mass retail outlets, e-commerce channels, wholesale distributors and medical supply distributors. The Company operates through four segments: Cleaning, Household, Lifestyle and International. To view Vetr’s full report, visit Vetr’s official website. Receive News & Ratings for Clorox Co Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Clorox Co and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Judge Uses Comment by President Trump in Ruling Fight for Border Wall Approaches in Attempt to Avoid Shutdown President Trump Attempting To Repeal ACA Again Vice President Pence Says North Korea Should Not Test U.S. Resolve Trump’s Back and Forth on Economics © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Gold Fields Limited - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Gold Fields Limited with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Gold Fields Limited (GFI) Cut to Underperform at Royal Bank of Canada Illumina, Inc. (ILMN) Raised to “Strong-Buy” at Vetr Inc. $149.9 Million in Sales Expected for Spartan Motors Inc (SPAR) This Quarter CSI Compressco LP (CCLP) PT Lowered to $9.00 at Royal Bank of Canada Clorox Co (CLX) Lifted to “Buy” at Vetr Inc. Halliburton Company (HAL) Price Target Cut to $57.00 Groupon Inc (GRPN) Cut to “Underweight” at Morgan Stanley NGL Energy Partners LP (NGL) Price Target Cut to $24.00 Select Medical Holdings Co. (SEM) Expected to Announce Quarterly Sales of $1.15 Billion Vetr Inc. Lowers Bristol-Myers Squibb Co (BMY) to Buy Kathleen M. Mahoney Sells 516 Shares of SpartanNash Co (SPTN) Stock Anglo American plc (AAL) Insider Buys £158.34 in Stock Stephen L. Eastman Buys 350 Shares of Fastenal Company (FAST) Stock Potash Co. of Saskatchewan (POT) Updates FY17 Earnings Guidance Illumina, Inc. (ILMN) Releases Quarterly Earnings Results, Meets Estimates Limelight Networks, Inc. (LLNW) PT Set at $4.00 by Cowen and Company Advisors Capital Management LLC Sells 55,163 Shares of Synchrony Financial (SYF) General Motors Company (GM) Shares Bought by Sigma Planning Corp Rehmann Capital Advisory Group Has $177,000 Stake in AEGON (AEG) Rehmann Capital Advisory Group Maintains Position in Wendys Co (WEN) Gold Fields Limited (GFI) Cut to Underperform at Royal Bank of Canada April 27th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Jeff Wilder Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Finance Tweet Royal Bank of Canada lowered shares of Gold Fields Limited (NYSE:GFI) from a sector perform rating to an underperform rating in a research report released on Monday morning. A number of other research analysts have also recently weighed in on the stock. Zacks Investment Research cut shares of Gold Fields Limited from a hold rating to a sell rating in a research report on Monday, April 17th. HSBC Holdings plc raised shares of Gold Fields Limited from a reduce rating to a hold rating in a research report on Monday, March 13th. Goldman Sachs Group Inc cut shares of Gold Fields Limited to a hold rating in a research report on Saturday, March 11th. Finally, JPMorgan Chase & Co. raised shares of Gold Fields Limited from a neutral rating to an overweight rating in a research report on Friday, March 3rd. Four research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, one has issued a hold rating and two have given a buy rating to the stock. The company presently has an average rating of Hold and a consensus target price of $4.58. Shares of Gold Fields Limited (NYSE:GFI) traded down 4.559% during trading on Monday, hitting $3.245. 2,818,511 shares of the stock traded hands. Gold Fields Limited has a 52-week low of $2.60 and a 52-week high of $6.60. The firm has a market cap of $2.66 billion and a PE ratio of 16.225. The company’s 50 day moving average is $3.58 and its 200 day moving average is $3.48. WARNING: “Gold Fields Limited (GFI) Cut to Underperform at Royal Bank of Canada” was originally posted by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are accessing this piece on another publication, it was stolen and republished in violation of United States & international trademark and copyright laws. The correct version of this piece can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/27/gold-fields-limited-gfi-cut-to-underperform-at-royal-bank-of-canada.html. A number of hedge funds and other institutional investors have recently made changes to their positions in GFI. Malaga Cove Capital LLC acquired a new position in shares of Gold Fields Limited during the first quarter worth $616,000. DORCHESTER WEALTH MANAGEMENT Co boosted its position in Gold Fields Limited by 13.8% in the first quarter. DORCHESTER WEALTH MANAGEMENT Co now owns 237,800 shares of the company’s stock worth $839,000 after buying an additional 28,800 shares during the last quarter. Sigma Planning Corp purchased a new position in Gold Fields Limited during the first quarter worth approximately $395,000. Quantitative Systematic Strategies LLC purchased a new position in Gold Fields Limited during the first quarter worth approximately $1,693,000. Finally, Bank of Montreal Can boosted its position in Gold Fields Limited by 8.5% in the first quarter. Bank of Montreal Can now owns 172,078 shares of the company’s stock worth $607,000 after buying an additional 13,472 shares during the last quarter. About Gold Fields Limited Gold Fields Limited (Gold Fields) is a gold mining company. The Company is a producer of gold and a holder of gold reserves. The Company is involved in underground and surface gold and copper mining and related activities, including exploration, development, extraction, processing and smelting. It has approximately eight producing mines located in South Africa, Ghana, Australia and Peru. Receive News & Ratings for Gold Fields Limited Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Gold Fields Limited and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Judge Uses Comment by President Trump in Ruling Fight for Border Wall Approaches in Attempt to Avoid Shutdown President Trump Attempting To Repeal ACA Again Vice President Pence Says North Korea Should Not Test U.S. Resolve Trump’s Back and Forth on Economics © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
null
SUBSCRIBE As low as $1/week Sign In Home Contact Chron About Houston Chronicle Advertise with Us Place a Classified Ad Niche Publication Ads Careers Chron Shop Privacy Policy Terms of Use Newsletters Subscribe HC Archives Houston police chief reacts to 'sanctuary cities' bill First look at luxurious new River Oaks apartments HPD has nabbed 106 on felony DWI charges so far Worst 'alternative facts' of Trump's first 100 days Local Neighborhoods Houston & Texas News Traffic Weather Weather Radar & Forecasts Houston Weather Severe Weather News Hurricane Guide Education Politics & Policy Politics & Policy Texas Politics Chronicle Investigates Obituaries Staff & Reader Blogs Classifieds Columnists Opinions & Editorials Opinions & Editorials Opinion Editorials Letters to the Editor Outlook Nick Anderson Cartoons La Voz (Español) Houston's History Four men charged in trafficking protected snapping turtles Louisiana 8th-grader catches a monster blue fin tuna in the Green Authorities searching for five suspects tied to area bank Police investigate second officer-involved shooting in 4 hours US & World US News World News Crime The Americas Politics Science & Environment Strange & Weird News Videos Reports: Man allegedly ran back into burning house to grab two Trial of Louisiana teacher accused of sex with underage student Hitler's book selling on Amazon for meaningful price to Nazis Photos of Chernobyl, Ukraine's radioactive ghost town Sports Texans Rockets Astros Dynamo High School Colleges UH Rice UT A&M Outdoors Texas Sports Nation Buy Tickets Texans select Deshaun Watson with No. 12 pick Rockets-Spurs series will be headlined by teams' stars Texans fans rejoice over Deshaun Watson pick Credit Texans GM for making move that was needed Business Energy (Fuel Fix) Technology Real Estate Money Tips Business Insider Press Releases Small Business Mgmt Chron 100 Top Workplaces Sponsored Content Legal Notices Business Directory Land Tejas breaks ground on Conroe community Deal of the Week: Black Bear Diner coming to Katy As region pulls out of bust, housing market booms Physician who was dragged off flight settles with United A&E Restaurants & Bars Music TV Movies Preview Arts & Theater Horoscopes Books Things To Do Puzzles & Games Latin Billboard Music Awards 2017: Best and worst dressed Indulge in the sugar high that is 'Finding Neverland' The Houston Symphony is going to perform 'Harry Potter and the 4th Wall Theatre Co.'s 2017-18 season features Pulitzer Life Society Travel Style Food & Cooking Health Health The Doctors Men's Journal Live Healthy Escapes Luxe Life Houston Gives Weddings Sponsored Content The best water parks in Texas (and when they open) These are the divorcee capitals of America Casa de Esperanza gala raises $1 million for children in crisis Houston area dog rescues join together for 'Forever Love' photo Jobs Advanced search Browse job categories Salary Wizard Career Rescue Careers in Engineering Salute to Nurses Work & Career Advice Post a Job Is that dream opportunity really a nightmare? These 25 'hot' jobs pay at least $100K Set a career goal for every month of 2016 The highest-paying entry-level jobs Cars Cars & Auto News New Car Search Used Car Search Certified Car Search Houston Auto Dealers The new Lincoln Navigator concept is too legit to quit Hennessey pushes a Camaro to over 200 MPH Riding the 2016 Indian Chieftain BMW turns 100 years old: A look back Real Estate Home Price Survey Senior Living My Perfect Hous(e)ton Dallas home with living room pool headed for auction Builder to debut clubhouse at 55-and-up community Annual salary needed to buy a house in Texas MenuSections http://www.chron.com/business/bizfeed/article/Houston-s-consumer-spending-dropped-2-59-in-11103269.php Houston's consumer spending dropped 2.59 percent in January By Andrea Rumbaugh Published 10:04 am, Thursday, April 27, 2017 Photo: David Paul Morris Image 1of/1 Caption Close Image 1 of 1 A shopper carries Macy's Inc. shopping bags in San Francisco, California, U.S., on Monday, Dec. 26, 2016. Photographer: David Paul Morris/Bloomberg A shopper carries Macy's Inc. shopping bags in San Francisco, California, U.S., on Monday, Dec. 26, 2016. Photographer: David Paul Morris/Bloomberg Photo: David Paul Morris Houston's consumer spending dropped 2.59 percent in January 1 / 1 Back to Gallery Houston's year-over-year consumer spending dropped 2.59 percent in January, according to a report released Thursday by the JPMorgan Chase Institute. The January decline was more steep than that in December, when consumer spending in Houston dropped 1.97 percent. RELATED: Houston's consumer spending dropped again in December All 15 of the U.S. cities analyzed had lower year-over-year consumer spending in January compared with December's figures, and only four had positive growth rates, according to the think tank's Local Consumer Commerce Index. Overall, year-over-year consumer spending in the 15 cities declined 0.7 percent in January. However, the news release attributed much of this decline to "day of week" effects. January had an extra Friday and Saturday. "Although January 2017 experienced a decline in growth, fuel spending has increased for two consecutive months," Diana Farrell, president and CEO of the JPMorgan Chase Institute, said in the news release. "This is a marked departure from a lengthy period of negative growth in virtually every month over more than two years. This uptick in fuel spending moderated an otherwise fairly general decline in local consumer commerce."   Latest from the Chron.com Homepage Click below for the top news from around the Houston area and beyond. Sign up for our newsletters to be the first to learn about breaking news and more. Go to 'Sign In' and 'Manage Profile' at the top of the page. Need to Know Houston police chief reacts to 'sanctuary cities' bill First look at luxurious new River Oaks apartments HPD has nabbed 106 on felony DWI charges so far Worst 'alternative facts' of Trump's first 100 days The Lead Kindergarten teacher admits to sex with 4 HS students Man accused of helping son flee crime scene found dead Avoid these Texas cities if you value your marriage Endangered sea turtles nests found in Galveston A house for sale in Mineral Wells comes wit ghosts Woman says she was stripped, degraded at local jail Ex-Disney star dies at age 35 Feds raid office of famed Texas pastor Texas politician is the worst FBI informant ever Racy gowns take over Latin Billboard Awards HOUSTON AND TEXAS NEWS Men charged in trafficking protected turtles Stolen trailer investigation leads to drug bust FBI searching for bank robbers Constables to get new protective vests Ren Fest changes anger some neighbors Photos: The early days of Ren Fest 2 Guinness World Records set at Renaissance Festival Galveston: What to do, where to stay in May Houston Bay Area homes listed around $300,000 Affordable Galveston homes that offer a getaway John McClain's final NFL mock draft Texans' Do's and Don'ts in the 2017 NFL Draft Draft's first round could be a dream scenario for Texans fans More Business News Land Tejas breaks ground on Conroe community Deal of the Week: Black Bear Diner coming to Katy As region pulls out of bust, housing market booms Physician who was dragged off flight settles with United Webster Dairy Queen targets late May opening Houston manufacturer settles EEOC retaliation suit, pays... Most Read 1 Texans trade with Browns for No. 12 pick, select Deshaun Watson 2 What you need to know about Texans' Deshaun Watson 3 Reports: Ex-Texas kindergarten teacher had sex with 4 high... 4 Texans fans rejoice over Deshaun Watson pick 5 Latin Billboard Music Awards 2017: Best and worst dressed 6 Houston police chief speaks out against 'sanctuary cities' bill 7 Mom of woman kept nearly naked and bleeding at Waller... 8 Why is Ivanka Trump wearing mismatched earrings ? 9 Rockets-Spurs series will be headlined by teams' stars 10 Credit Texans GM for making move that was needed Small Business Business Diversity Training How to Sync Outlook Including Recurring Events How to Save a Microsoft Publisher File as an Image File Importance of an Employee's Role in Appraisal How to Change a Business Name for an EIN View Comments © 2017 Hearst Communications, Inc. Logo Return to Top About Our Company Careers Advertise with Us Ad Choices Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Your California Privacy Rights Contact Customer Service Newsroom Contacts Connect Email Newsletter Facebook Twitter Pinterest Google Instagram Subscribe iPad app HoustonChronicle.com Houston Chronicle Archives eEdition Demo Today's eNewspaper Hearst Newspapers © Copyright Hearst Newspapers, LLC
BREAKING NEWS: PM decides legal action against Imran Khan … PPL 9MFY17: up on prices … Hub Power top line grows … Rethinking renewable resistance … Murree Brewery: not so strong … The clock is ticking for Pakistans legacy banks, Chris Skinner, global fintech expert … Chaudhry Nisar to arrive in Karachi today … Ferozsons: not as bad as it looks! … Merkel, May draw Brexit battle lines � … 'Venezuela is a mess,' says Trump � … Menu Home Top News Front Top News Pakistan Business & Finance World From The Print BR Research Press Release Pakistan Banking & Finance Business & Economy General News Industries & Sectors World Africa Europe Middle East North America South America South Asia South East Asia Business Global Business & Economy Industries & Sectors Banking & Finance Managed Funds Real Estate Markets Equity FXMM Fixed Income Commodities Energy Stocks Stock Market Data Exchange Rates Sports Cricket Hockey Football Other Sports Olympic London 2012 Entertainment Arts Movies Music Lifestyle Sci-Tech e-Paper AAJ Live Home »Markets » Equity » Europe » Turkish assets outperform emerging markets after surprise rate rise Europe Turkish assets outperform emerging markets after surprise rate rise Shoaib Ur Rehman Siddiqui Apr 27th, 2017 20:03 0 LONDON: The Turkish lira rallied to four-month highs on Thursday after a surprise policy tightening decision reassured investors about the central bank's resolve on inflation, while Mexico's peso rose after US comments on the NAFTA trade deal. The lira strengthened 0.5 percent towards its firmest level since January after the central bank hiked the highest of its multiple interest rates on Wednesday in an attempt to rein in double-digit inflation. Annual inflation soared to 11.29 percent last month, its highest in 8-1/2 years, as currency weakness stoked a surge in food and transport prices. The latest hike and liquidity measures are expected to raise the weighted average cost of funding by 25 basis points to 11.75 percent. But it may also reassure investors that the central bank may be able to tackle inflation without government interference. "The move was surprising in the sense as it came at a time of relative stability in the lira given that the central bank seems to generally respond to lira weakness," said Inan Demir, senior emerging market economist at Nomura. "But it might still have a defensive element given that we will see next week the April inflation release ... and yesterday's hike may be aiming to preempt that inflation increase and preempt an erosion of real rates into negative territory." He predicted inflation would rise to 12 percent. JPMorgan told clients the move had injected "a significant dose of confidence" which could spark a more durable rally in local currency assets, adding it was moving to an overweight position in lira and Turkish local bonds in its model portfolio. Local 10-year sovereign bond yields fell to the lowest since November 2016 while five-year credit default swaps eased to 212 basis points, their tightest in 21 months. The average yield spread paid by Turkish sovereign bonds over US Treasuries on the JPMorgan EMBI Global Diversified index also narrowed 1 basis point to 291 basis points, the lowest level since July 2016. Mexico's peso, which had slumped 1.75 percent on Wednesday on reports that the United States was considering withdrawing from the North American Free Trade Agreement (NAFTA), rose one percent as President Donald Trump said he would not immediately scrap the pact. A disruption in trade could wreak havoc in the auto sector and other industries, hitting profits at companies that have benefited from zero-level tariffs and Mexico's relatively low labour costs. Mexican trade figures for March are due out later on Thursday. Emerging currencies were also supported more broadly by the lack of specifics in Trump's long-awaited US tax cut plan, which many fear will be difficult to achieve and which weighed on the dollar. Russia's rouble gained 0.3 percent. Investors will be looking to an ECB interest rate decision later in the day and will scrutinise policymakers' comments for any clues on whether it will start to pare monetary stimulus in the coming months. The rally in emerging market equities ran out of steam, with MSCI's benchmark emerging stocks index down 0.2 percent. Copyright Reuters, 2017 Twitter Facebook Google+ Pinterest LinkedIn Tumblr Mail Print the author Shoaib Ur Rehman Siddiqui Previous Spanish unemployment falls but price, political pressures loom Next Asia Coffee-Prices decline following London cues   Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment Name * Email * Website Quick Search BULLION RATE COTTON YARN CURRENCY EXCHANGE CAPITAL GROWTH LIBOR MUTUAL FUNDS KERB VEGETABLE OIL GRAIN MARKET RATES Buy direct from China free shipping trade platform. Quinceanera Dress LED Replacement headlight bulb Copyright © 2017  Business Recorder. All Rights Reserved. Powered by e-Dynamics - Software Department. Contact us Terms of use Privacy Policy Disclaimer Close Close Top
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Total SA - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Total SA with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News JAKKS Pacific, Inc. (JAKK) Announces Quarterly Earnings Results Rocky Brands Inc (RCKY) Rating Increased to Strong-Buy at Zacks Investment Research MarineMax Inc (HZO) Updates FY17 Earnings Guidance PBF Logistics LP (PBFX) Rating Increased to Strong-Buy at Zacks Investment Research Applied Industrial Technologies (AIT) Updates Q4 Earnings Guidance Royal Bank of Canada Increases FirstService Corp (FSV) Price Target to C$88.00 Intel Corp (INQ) PT Set at $30.00 by Sanford C. Bernstein T-Mobile US Inc (TMUS) Rating Reiterated by Nomura Coca-Cola European Partners plc (CCE) Rating Reiterated by Jefferies Group LLC Nabors Industries Ltd. (NBR) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Jefferies Group LLC Polaris Industries Inc. (PII) Posts Quarterly Earnings Results, Beats Expectations By $0.05 EPS Potbelly Corp (PBPB) Stock Rating Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research Royal Bank of Canada Analysts Give Total SA (FP) a €53.00 Price Target Town Sports International Holdings, Inc. (CLUB) Short Interest Update Vertex Energy (VTNR) Receives Daily Coverage Optimism Rating of 0.25 Valeritas Holdings (VLRX) Given News Sentiment Rating of 0.16 Validus Holdings (VR) Given Daily Media Sentiment Score of 0.23 Navigators Group Inc (NAVG) Short Interest Up 23.9% in April DA Davidson Equities Analysts Increase Earnings Estimates for Gramercy Property Trust (GPT) Southwest Bancorp, Inc. Declares Quarterly Dividend of $0.08 (OKSB) Royal Bank of Canada Analysts Give Total SA (FP) a €53.00 Price Target April 27th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Trevor Kearing Filed Under: Analyst Articles - Europe - Finance Tweet Total SA (EPA:FP) has been given a €53.00 ($57.61) price objective by stock analysts at Royal Bank of Canada in a report issued on Thursday. The firm currently has a “buy” rating on the oil and gas exploration company’s stock. A number of other brokerages have also recently issued reports on FP. JPMorgan Chase & Co. set a €48.50 ($52.72) price objective on shares of Total SA and gave the company a “neutral” rating in a report on Friday, January 13th. Jefferies Group LLC set a €50.00 ($54.35) price objective on shares of Total SA and gave the company a “neutral” rating in a report on Tuesday, January 17th. Deutsche Bank AG set a €49.00 ($53.26) price objective on shares of Total SA and gave the company a “neutral” rating in a report on Friday, January 6th. Goldman Sachs Group Inc set a €60.00 ($65.22) price objective on shares of Total SA and gave the company a “buy” rating in a report on Tuesday, February 21st. Finally, S&P Global set a €55.00 ($59.78) price objective on shares of Total SA and gave the company a “buy” rating in a report on Thursday, February 9th. Five analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and ten have issued a buy rating to the company’s stock. The stock presently has a consensus rating of “Buy” and a consensus target price of €51.73 ($56.23). Total SA (EPA:FP) traded down 1.43% on Thursday, reaching €47.16. 3,089,404 shares of the company’s stock traded hands. Total SA has a 52-week low of €39.03 and a 52-week high of €49.50. The company’s 50 day moving average is €47.30 and its 200-day moving average is €46.49. The stock has a market cap of €115.22 billion and a price-to-earnings ratio of 18.79. TRADEMARK VIOLATION WARNING: This report was published by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are reading this report on another site, it was illegally stolen and republished in violation of US & international copyright & trademark law. The correct version of this report can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/27/royal-bank-of-canada-analysts-give-total-sa-fp-a-53-00-price-target.html. Total SA Company Profile Total SA (Total) is an oil and gas company. The Company has three segments: an Upstream segment, including the activities of the exploration and production of hydrocarbons, and the activities of gas and power; a Refining & Chemicals segment constituting an industrial hub consisting of the activities of refining, petrochemicals and specialty chemicals, and also includes the activities of oil trading and shipping, and a Marketing & Services segment, including the activities of supply and marketing in the field of petroleum products, as well as the activity of New Energies. Receive News & Ratings for Total SA Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Total SA and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Judge Uses Comment by President Trump in Ruling Fight for Border Wall Approaches in Attempt to Avoid Shutdown President Trump Attempting To Repeal ACA Again Vice President Pence Says North Korea Should Not Test U.S. Resolve Trump’s Back and Forth on Economics © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Coca-Cola European Partners plc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Coca-Cola European Partners plc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News JAKKS Pacific, Inc. (JAKK) Announces Quarterly Earnings Results Rocky Brands Inc (RCKY) Rating Increased to Strong-Buy at Zacks Investment Research MarineMax Inc (HZO) Updates FY17 Earnings Guidance PBF Logistics LP (PBFX) Rating Increased to Strong-Buy at Zacks Investment Research Applied Industrial Technologies (AIT) Updates Q4 Earnings Guidance Royal Bank of Canada Increases FirstService Corp (FSV) Price Target to C$88.00 Intel Corp (INQ) PT Set at $30.00 by Sanford C. Bernstein T-Mobile US Inc (TMUS) Rating Reiterated by Nomura Coca-Cola European Partners plc (CCE) Rating Reiterated by Jefferies Group LLC Nabors Industries Ltd. (NBR) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Jefferies Group LLC Polaris Industries Inc. (PII) Posts Quarterly Earnings Results, Beats Expectations By $0.05 EPS Potbelly Corp (PBPB) Stock Rating Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research Royal Bank of Canada Analysts Give Total SA (FP) a €53.00 Price Target Town Sports International Holdings, Inc. (CLUB) Short Interest Update Vertex Energy (VTNR) Receives Daily Coverage Optimism Rating of 0.25 Valeritas Holdings (VLRX) Given News Sentiment Rating of 0.16 Validus Holdings (VR) Given Daily Media Sentiment Score of 0.23 Navigators Group Inc (NAVG) Short Interest Up 23.9% in April DA Davidson Equities Analysts Increase Earnings Estimates for Gramercy Property Trust (GPT) Southwest Bancorp, Inc. Declares Quarterly Dividend of $0.08 (OKSB) Coca-Cola European Partners plc (CCE) Rating Reiterated by Jefferies Group LLC April 27th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Trevor Kearing Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Finance Tweet Coca-Cola European Partners plc (NYSE:CCE)‘s stock had its “hold” rating reiterated by analysts at Jefferies Group LLC in a research report issued on Tuesday. They currently have a $38.00 target price on the stock. Jefferies Group LLC’s price target would suggest a potential downside of 0.63% from the company’s previous close. Other equities research analysts have also issued reports about the company. Barclays PLC set a $41.00 price target on Coca-Cola European Partners plc and gave the stock a “buy” rating in a research note on Saturday, February 18th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. assumed coverage on Coca-Cola European Partners plc in a research note on Monday, April 3rd. They set a “neutral” rating for the company. Argus assumed coverage on Coca-Cola European Partners plc in a research note on Tuesday, March 7th. They set a “buy” rating and a $44.00 price target for the company. Finally, Zacks Investment Research upgraded Coca-Cola European Partners plc from a “sell” rating to a “hold” rating in a research note on Friday, January 13th. Eight equities research analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating, eight have given a buy rating and one has given a strong buy rating to the company. The stock presently has an average rating of “Buy” and an average price target of $43.50. Shares of Coca-Cola European Partners plc (NYSE:CCE) traded up 0.16% during midday trading on Tuesday, hitting $38.30. The stock had a trading volume of 104,436 shares. Coca-Cola European Partners plc has a one year low of $30.55 and a one year high of $54.37. The company has a market cap of $18.51 billion, a P/E ratio of 25.41 and a beta of 1.01. The stock has a 50 day moving average of $37.10 and a 200-day moving average of $35.24. Coca-Cola European Partners plc (NYSE:CCE) last released its earnings results on Tuesday, March 21st. The company reported $0.46 EPS for the quarter, meeting the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of $0.46. The firm earned $2.58 billion during the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $2.54 billion. Coca-Cola European Partners plc had a return on equity of 21.76% and a net margin of 8.49%. The business’s quarterly revenue was up 58.2% compared to the same quarter last year. During the same period in the prior year, the firm posted $0.53 earnings per share. Analysts forecast that Coca-Cola European Partners plc will post $2.23 EPS for the current fiscal year. The firm also recently declared a quarterly dividend, which was paid on Monday, April 24th. Investors of record on Monday, April 10th were issued a $0.2261 dividend. The ex-dividend date of this dividend was Thursday, April 6th. This represents a $0.90 dividend on an annualized basis and a yield of 2.37%. This is an increase from Coca-Cola European Partners plc’s previous quarterly dividend of $0.19. Coca-Cola European Partners plc’s dividend payout ratio is currently 31.98%. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION WARNING: “Coca-Cola European Partners plc (CCE) Rating Reiterated by Jefferies Group LLC” was first reported by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are viewing this news story on another publication, it was stolen and reposted in violation of U.S. & international copyright & trademark law. The correct version of this news story can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/27/coca-cola-european-partners-plc-cce-rating-reiterated-by-jefferies-group-llc.html. Hedge funds and other institutional investors have recently modified their holdings of the stock. Tower Research Capital LLC TRC acquired a new position in shares of Coca-Cola European Partners plc during the third quarter worth approximately $155,000. First Eagle Investment Management LLC increased its position in shares of Coca-Cola European Partners plc by 0.4% in the third quarter. First Eagle Investment Management LLC now owns 5,174,065 shares of the company’s stock worth $206,445,000 after buying an additional 21,413 shares in the last quarter. Victory Capital Management Inc. acquired a new position in shares of Coca-Cola European Partners plc during the third quarter worth approximately $327,000. Neuberger Berman Group LLC increased its position in shares of Coca-Cola European Partners plc by 49.2% in the third quarter. Neuberger Berman Group LLC now owns 9,698 shares of the company’s stock worth $387,000 after buying an additional 3,198 shares in the last quarter. Finally, Sit Investment Associates Inc. increased its position in shares of Coca-Cola European Partners plc by 35.4% in the third quarter. Sit Investment Associates Inc. now owns 66,200 shares of the company’s stock worth $2,641,000 after buying an additional 17,300 shares in the last quarter. 31.73% of the stock is owned by hedge funds and other institutional investors. Coca-Cola European Partners plc Company Profile Coca-Cola Enterprises, Inc (CCE) markets, produces and distributes nonalcoholic beverages. The Company serves customers across Belgium, continental France, Great Britain, Luxembourg, Monaco, the Netherlands, Norway and Sweden. The Company’s segments include Europe and Corporate. CCE is The Coca-Cola Company’s strategic bottling partner in Western Europe. Receive News & Ratings for Coca-Cola European Partners plc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Coca-Cola European Partners plc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Judge Uses Comment by President Trump in Ruling Fight for Border Wall Approaches in Attempt to Avoid Shutdown President Trump Attempting To Repeal ACA Again Vice President Pence Says North Korea Should Not Test U.S. Resolve Trump’s Back and Forth on Economics © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
continue to article News All Local News Search Last 36 hours Nation + World Environment Politics Justice Polygamy Health Care Education Weather Utah's Right Elevate Empower Utah Legal Notices Sports Utah Jazz RSL Utah Utes BYU Cougars USU Aggies WSU Wildcats Preps Grizzlies Bees Outdoors Winter Sports College Monson Kragthorpe All-time BYU football stats All-time Utes football stats Blogs Politics UPIN The Cricket TV Jazz Notes U of U Sports BYU Sports Prep Sports RSL Hiking Outdoors & Travel Sundance More Blogs Opinion Editorials Commentary Letters Bagley Cartoon Gehrke Rolly Cannon Kirby Blog: State of the Debate Submit a Letter Faith Religion news LDS Church Faith Blog Entertainment Calendar Film-Finder Movies Restaurants Lifestyle Arts Food Music TV Sundance Shopping Puzzles & Games Comics Horoscopes Cool Stuff The Legacy of Joe Hill I Love videos Whatever Happened To... Special Reports Videos Photo Galleries Utah Bucket List Preparing to play Money Top Workplaces Home Prices Obituaries Jobs Top Employer Top Educator Top Jobs Employment News Employers Post A Job Contact Us Homes Find a Home Find a Realtor Rentals Legal Notices Top Workplaces Top Workplaces Subscribe    Print New Subscription Register for e-Edition Access your e-Edition Print Registration Print Login    sltrib.com Membership Become a Supporting Member Premium Ad-Free Site Login Account Login Member FAQ Toggle navigation News All Local News Search Last 36 hours Nation + World Environment Politics Justice Polygamy Health Care Education Weather Utah's Right Elevate Empower Utah Legal Notices    SPONSORED BY: Sports Utah Jazz RSL Utah Utes BYU Cougars USU Aggies WSU Wildcats Preps Grizzlies Bees Outdoors Winter Sports College Monson Kragthorpe All-time BYU football stats All-time Utes football stats Blogs Politics UPIN The Cricket TV Jazz Notes U of U Sports BYU Sports Prep Sports RSL Hiking Outdoors & Travel Sundance More Blogs Opinion Editorials Commentary Letters Bagley Cartoon Gehrke Rolly Cannon Kirby Blog: State of the Debate Submit a Letter Faith Religion news LDS Church Faith Blog Entertainment Sundance Calendar Film-Finder Movies Restaurants Lifestyle Arts Food Music TV Shopping Puzzles & Games Comics Horoscopes Cool Stuff The Legacy of Joe Hill I Love videos Whatever Happened To... Special Reports Videos Photo Galleries Utah Bucket List Preparing to play Money Top Workplaces Home Prices Obituaries Jobs Top Employer Top Educator Top Jobs Employment News Employers Post A Job Contact Us    SPONSORED BY: Homes Find a Home Find a Realtor Rentals Legal Notices Top Workplaces Subscribe    Print New Subscription Register for e-Edition Access your e-Edition Print Registration Print Login    sltrib.com Membership Become a Supporting Member Premium Ad-Free Site Login Account Login Member FAQ Home » News Salt Lake City 39 ° Traffic / Ski Report Stories from last 36 hours 2017 PULITZER PRIZE WINNER 2017 PULITZER PRIZE WINNER APRIL 28, 2017 APRIL 28, 2017 Become a Member | Ad-Free Login Home » News APR 28, 2017  |  Salt Lake City 39 °  |  Traffic / Ski Report Stories from last 36 hours Become a Member | Ad-Free Login Home » News Become a Member | Ad-Free Login Why Trump tax cut may not deliver desired boost By CHRISTOPHER S. RUGABER The Associated Press First Published Apr 27 2017 08:42AM    •    Last Updated Apr 27 2017 08:42 am Single page Share This Article Washington • President Donald Trump's team boasted Wednesday that its tax-cut plan would lighten Americans' financial burdens, ignite economic growth and vastly simplify tax filing. Yet the proposal so far remains short of vital details, including how it would be paid for. And based on the few specifics spelled out so far, most experts suggest that it would add little to growth while swelling the budget deficit and potentially handing large windfalls to wealthier taxpayers. Trump's plan would replace the current seven income tax brackets with three, and the top bracket would drop from 39.6 percent to 35 percent. It would also slash the corporate rate from 35 percent all the way to 15 percent, a boon to most companies even though many don't pay the full tax now. With tax credits and other loopholes, most corporations pay closer to 20 percent, according to calculations by JPMorgan. VIDEOS TOP JOBS Perhaps the most contentious plank would enable taxpayers with business income — including those wealthy enough to pay the top tax rate — to instead pay the new 15 percent corporate rate. That's because Trump would apply the corporate rate to "pass through" businesses. Pass-throughs include partnerships such as law firms and hedge funds as well as most small businesses — from the local florist to the family-owned restaurant on Main Street. What's more, some privately held large companies — including Trump's own real estate empire — are structured as pass-throughs and would benefit, too. Here's a closer look at Trump's proposal and its likely impact: ——— WHO BENEFITS? It's hard to say because the administration has released so few details. The three new income tax rates would be 10 percent, 25 percent and 35 percent. But Trump's top economic adviser, Gary Cohn, and Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin, weren't ready Wednesday to say at what income levels these new rates would kick in. Tax experts said far more details were needed to determine how average Americans would be affected. "The impact on Joe Taxpayer is unknown," said Marc Gerson, vice chair of the tax department of law firm Miller & Chevalier in Washington. "There's not enough specificity. It's hard for taxpayers to determine where they'll come out." Cohn asserted that the plan would cut taxes "especially for low and middle income families." It purports to do so in part by doubling the standard deduction, which is used by taxpayers who don't itemize their tax deductions. At the same time, the Trump plan would eliminate the estate tax and the alternative minimum tax, thereby benefiting some of the richest taxpayers. And that's on top of shrinking the corporate tax rate that many affluent individuals could likely capitalize on. ——— WHY CUT CORPORATE TAXES? By making corporations more profitable, the Trump administration hopes to encourage more business spending on equipment — from computers to factories and machinery. Doing so, in turn, could make the economy more efficient and accelerate growth and hiring. Economic growth has been stuck at about 2 percent a year since the recession ended in 2009. Mnuchin says the administration wants to accelerate it above 3 percent, a pace it hasn't touched since 2005. The corporate tax cuts are also intended to encourage more businesses to stay in the United States, which now has the highest corporate rate among advanced economies. » Next page... 2 3 Single page   Share This Article JOIN THE DISCUSSION     Post a Comment POPULAR STORIES Rift at University of Utah poses a new challenge for controversial health reformer Vivian Lee Wife of accused Canadian polygamist testifies about life as a sister wife Lamb's Grill closes -- but not forever, owner hopes Utah football: 'A lost kid,' five-star recruit Garett Bolles picked himself up Utah Jazz: Rudy Gobert becomes Jazz's great equalizer in battle with Clippers' DeAndre Jordan Contests and Promotions COMMENTS POST A COMMENT      () News All Local News Search Last 36 hours Nation + World RSS Twitter Environment Politics Justice Polygamy Education Weather Traffic Utah's Right Elevate Empower Utah Cool Stuff The Legacy of Joe Hill I Love videos Whatever Happened To... Special Reports Videos Photo Galleries Utah Bucket List Preparing to play Sports All Sports Olympics TribPreps Utah Jazz Utah Utes BYU Cougars USU Aggies WSU Wildcats College RSL Grizzlies Bees Winter Sports Outdoors Gordon Monson Kurt Kragthorpe All-time BYU football stats All-time Utes football stats Money All Money Top Workplaces Home Prices Blogs All Blogs Politics The Cricket TV Jazz Notes U of U Sports BYU Sports Prep Sports RSL Hiking Sundance Opinion All Opinion Editorials Commentary Letters Bagley Cartoons Gehrke Rolly Cannon Kirby Submit a Letter Faith All Faith LDS Church Religion news Faith Blog Entertainment All Entertainment Calendar Film-Finder Movies Restaurants Lifestyle Arts Food Music TV Sundance Shopping Puzzles & Games Comics Horoscopes Membership Ad-Free Site Login Become a Member Account Login Member FAQ Obituaries Search Obituaries Place an Obituary Marketplace Search Cars Search Homes Search Jobs Search Marketplace Legal Notices Other Services Advertise With Us Subscribe to the Newspaper Access your e-Edition Frequently Asked Questions Contact a newsroom staff member Access the Trib Archives Privacy Policy Missing your paper? Need to place your paper on vacation hold? For this and any other subscription related needs, click here or call 801.204.6100 Copyright @ 2017, The Salt Lake Tribune
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Welltower Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Welltower Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Cheesecake Factory Inc (CAKE) Rating Increased to Hold at Zacks Investment Research Western Digital Corp (WDC) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Raymond James Financial, Inc. David L. Robinson Sells 1,221 Shares of Westamerica Bancorporation (WABC) Stock Robert M. Gervis Buys 18,201 Shares of Aspen Aerogels Inc (ASPN) Stock Zacks Investment Research Upgrades Henry Schein, Inc. (HSIC) to “Buy” Insider Selling: Vicor Corp (VICR) Director Sells $68,000.00 in Stock Barry Jess Shelp Acquires 700,000 Shares of Enpar Technologies Inc (ENP) Stock Steven Barnhart Sells 6,702 Shares of Bankrate Inc (RATE) Stock Welltower Inc (HCN) Rating Lowered to Sell at Zacks Investment Research Citigroup Inc Reiterates “Neutral” Rating for Maxim Integrated Products Inc. (MXIM) Murphy Oil Co. (MUR) PT Set at $32.00 by Royal Bank of Canada Eli Lilly and Co (LLY) PT Set at $71.00 by BMO Capital Markets Royal Bank of Canada Reiterates Hold Rating for Chesapeake Energy Co. (CHK) Cowen and Company Trims Echo Global Logistics, Inc. (ECHO) Target Price to $23.00 Newmont Mining Corp (NEM) Rating Reiterated by TD Securities Valley National Bancorp (VLY) Posts Quarterly Earnings Results, Meets Estimates Papa John's Int'l, Inc. (PZZA) Stock Rating Lowered by Zacks Investment Research L Brands Inc (LB) Stock Rating Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research Tyler Technologies, Inc. (TYL) Releases Earnings Results, Beats Estimates By $0.01 EPS Thermo Fisher Scientific Inc. (TMO) Announces Earnings Results, Beats Expectations By $0.06 EPS Welltower Inc (HCN) Rating Lowered to Sell at Zacks Investment Research April 27th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Latisha Jones Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Finance Tweet Welltower Inc (NYSE:HCN) was downgraded by Zacks Investment Research from a “hold” rating to a “sell” rating in a research note issued on Tuesday. According to Zacks, “Welltower is slated to report first-quarter 2017 results on May 5. Over the past three months, although the shares of the company outperformed the Zacks-categorized REIT and Equity Trust – Other industry, its first-quarter  and full-year 2017 funds from operations (FFO) per share estimates moved south in the past 30 days. Notably, rate hike remains a concern for the company because of its high exposure to long-term leased assets. Further, intense competition with national and local healthcare operators, earnings-dilutive effects of disposition, and considerable upfront costs associated with acquisitions and developments add to its woes. However, the company’s diversified portfolio and strategic investments have the capability to serve as growth drivers in the long run. Also, a rise in senior citizen spending for healthcare reasons promises scope for growth.” A number of other research analysts have also recently commented on the company. Morgan Stanley raised Welltower from an “equal weight” rating to an “overweight” rating and set a $73.00 price target on the stock in a report on Monday, March 20th. Evercore ISI cut Welltower from an “in-line” rating to an “underperform” rating in a report on Monday. Mitsubishi UFJ Financial Group raised Welltower from a “neutral” rating to an “overweight” rating and boosted their price target for the stock from $65.00 to $72.00 in a report on Thursday, January 5th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. boosted their price target on Welltower from $71.00 to $72.00 and gave the stock a “neutral” rating in a report on Monday, April 3rd. Finally, SunTrust Banks, Inc. cut Welltower from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating and lowered their price target for the stock from $80.00 to $72.00 in a report on Thursday, January 19th. Four equities research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, nine have issued a hold rating and seven have issued a buy rating to the company’s stock. The company has an average rating of “Hold” and an average target price of $72.93. Shares of Welltower (NYSE:HCN) traded up 0.33% during mid-day trading on Tuesday, reaching $72.07. The company had a trading volume of 121,483 shares. Welltower has a 1-year low of $59.39 and a 1-year high of $80.19. The firm has a 50-day moving average price of $70.41 and a 200-day moving average price of $67.41. The stock has a market capitalization of $26.13 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 25.65 and a beta of 0.19. Welltower (NYSE:HCN) last posted its quarterly earnings results on Wednesday, February 22nd. The real estate investment trust reported $1.10 EPS for the quarter, topping the Zacks’ consensus estimate of $1.08 by $0.02. Welltower had a return on equity of 6.37% and a net margin of 20.74%. The company had revenue of $1.08 billion for the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $1.05 billion. During the same period in the previous year, the firm earned $1.13 EPS. The firm’s revenue was up 4.7% compared to the same quarter last year. Equities analysts expect that Welltower will post $1.77 earnings per share for the current year. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION NOTICE: This article was originally published by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are reading this article on another publication, it was illegally stolen and republished in violation of United States & international copyright and trademark law. The correct version of this article can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/27/welltower-inc-hcn-rating-lowered-to-sell-at-zacks-investment-research.html. In other news, insider Paul D. Nungester, Jr. sold 6,452 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Tuesday, March 28th. The stock was sold at an average price of $70.26, for a total transaction of $453,317.52. Following the transaction, the insider now owns 33,795 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $2,374,436.70. The transaction was disclosed in a filing with the SEC, which is accessible through the SEC website. Also, Director Fred S. Klipsch sold 2,606 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Wednesday, March 8th. The shares were sold at an average price of $67.14, for a total value of $174,966.84. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Insiders own 0.29% of the company’s stock. Several institutional investors have recently added to or reduced their stakes in HCN. Advantage Investment Management LLC bought a new position in Welltower during the fourth quarter valued at $110,000. Duncker Streett & Co. Inc. increased its position in Welltower by 47.6% in the first quarter. Duncker Streett & Co. Inc. now owns 1,584 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock valued at $112,000 after buying an additional 511 shares in the last quarter. Ledyard National Bank increased its position in Welltower by 42.7% in the first quarter. Ledyard National Bank now owns 1,820 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock valued at $129,000 after buying an additional 545 shares in the last quarter. WFG Advisors LP increased its position in Welltower by 561.1% in the fourth quarter. WFG Advisors LP now owns 27,873 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock valued at $135,000 after buying an additional 23,657 shares in the last quarter. Finally, Bessemer Group Inc. increased its position in Welltower by 328.0% in the fourth quarter. Bessemer Group Inc. now owns 2,174 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock valued at $145,000 after buying an additional 1,666 shares in the last quarter. 84.96% of the stock is currently owned by hedge funds and other institutional investors. About Welltower Welltower Inc invests with seniors housing operators, post-acute providers and health systems to fund real estate and infrastructure. The Company invests in seniors housing and healthcare real estate. It operates in three segments: triple-net, seniors housing operating and outpatient medical. Welltower, a real estate investment trust (REIT), owns interests in properties concentrated in markets in the United States, Canada and the United Kingdom, consisting of seniors housing and post-acute communities, and outpatient medical properties. Get a free copy of the Zacks research report on Welltower (HCN) For more information about research offerings from Zacks Investment Research, visit Zacks.com Receive News & Ratings for Welltower Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Welltower Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Judge Uses Comment by President Trump in Ruling Fight for Border Wall Approaches in Attempt to Avoid Shutdown President Trump Attempting To Repeal ACA Again Vice President Pence Says North Korea Should Not Test U.S. Resolve Trump’s Back and Forth on Economics © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Bloomberg the Company & Its ProductsBloomberg Anywhere Remote LoginBloomberg Anywhere LoginBloomberg Terminal Demo Request Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Philanthropy & Engagement Bloomberg London Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Execution & Order Management Data & Content Financial Data Management Integration & Distribution Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps Bloomberg Briefs News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Philanthropy & Engagement Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Bloomberg London Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps Bloomberg Briefs News Bureaus Media Services Advertising Bloomberg Media Distribution Bloomberg Live Conferences Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Execution & Order Management Data & Content Financial Data Management Integration & Distribution Bloomberg Tradebook Enterprise Products Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center MENU Homepage Markets Stocks Currencies Commodities Rates + Bonds Economics Magazine Benchmark Watchlist Economic Calendar Tech U.S. Global Startups Cybersecurity Digital Media Bloomberg Technology TV Hello World Studio 1.0 Pursuits Cars & Bikes Style & Grooming Spend Watches & Gadgets Food & Drinks Travel Real Estate Art & Design Brilliant Ideas Politics Global Risk Briefing How We’ll Know if Trump Is Making America Great Again Tracking Trump’s Web of Conflicts The Inauguration of Donald J. Trump On the March in Trump’s Capital Opinion View Gadfly Businessweek Subscribe Cover Stories Opening Remarks Etc Features 85th Anniversary Issue Behind The Cover More Climate Changed Video Series: Ventures Graphics Billionaires Game Plan Small Business Personal Finance Inspire GO The David Rubenstein Show Sponsored Content Bloomberg About The Company Sign In Sign In Subscribe Trump Era Brings Rare Drop in Loans at America's Regional Banks by Jennifer Surane @jennysurane More stories by Jennifer Surane April 27, 2017, 8:00 AM EDT Almost every major regional bank misses estimates for lending The 15 largest post their first drop in total loans since 2013 For regional banks across the U.S., the “Trump bump” hasn’t yet translated into business. Bank stocks have climbed since Donald Trump was elected president as investors bet his pro-growth agenda and rising interest rates would help lenders generate huge profits. But this month, executives at some of the country’s largest regional banks said customers, especially corporations and small businesses, are instead waiting for details on the new administration’s proposals and results before seeking financing for expansion. Total loans at the 15 largest U.S. regional banks declined by about $10 billion to $1.73 trillion in the first quarter, compared with the previous three-month period, the first such drop in four years, according to data compiled by Bloomberg. All but two of those banks missed analysts’ estimates for total loans, as a slump in commercial and industrial lending sapped growth. “The optimism and the willingness is there, but it has not yet translated into actions or behaviors,” Beth Mooney, chief executive officer of KeyCorp, said of the Cleveland-based bank’s small and middle-market business clients. “We did not see ‘flip the switch’ sort of behavior that led to loan demand or making different capital decisions or investment decisions.” The most important business stories of the day. Get Bloomberg's daily newsletter. Sign Up Their view from Main Street contrasts with Wall Street, where global investment banks including JPMorgan Chase & Co., Bank of America Corp., Citigroup Inc. and Morgan Stanley announced jumps in earnings from fixed-income trading units that help big investors speculate on bonds, currencies and commodities. The irony is that some types of businesses broadly criticized during the presidential campaign are now profiting most. Read more: As Trump takes office, Wall Street banks thrive and lending stalls The last of the 15 largest regional banks reported quarterly results Wednesday. Some said other developments also weighed on lending. They cited instances of clients turning directly to investors for financing, tapping into their optimism for growth under Trump. And many traditional retailers are struggling in the internet era. Within commercial lending, big corporations have been reticent to take out new loans, instead tapping capital markets for their needs, said Terry Dolan, chief financial officer at Minneapolis-based U.S. Bancorp, the nation’s largest regional bank. “We saw a number of our bigger customers go to the bond markets and issue debt and take out credit, so that was a factor” weighing on loan growth in the first quarter, said Citizens Financial Group Inc. CEO Bruce Van Saun, whose firm is based in Providence, Rhode Island. “The nice corollary to that is that our capital-markets fees are exploding.” Manufacturers in the rust belt are drawing unprecedented inquiries from buyers overseas, said Stephen Steinour, CEO of Huntington Bancshares Inc., Ohio’s third-largest lender. Still, he said, “there’s an expectation that there’s going to be policy changes and those policy changes might have ramifications, so there’s a little bit of a wait and see going on here.” Many regional lenders began to break out their exposure to retailers and the underlying real estate that supports it after investors and analysts voiced concerns about credit quality. The pace of store closings this year is already ahead of 2008, the most recent peak, according to an analysis by Credit Suisse Group AG. “Retail is an industry that’s going through a secular change” as more people shop online, said Darren King, M&T Bank Corp.’s CFO. “How far it will go, and how fast it will go, and what the knock-on effects are remain to be seen.” Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal. LEARN MORE Most Read Jeff Bezos Is Just $5 Billion Away From Being the World's Richest Person With Secret Airship, Sergey Brin Also Wants to Fly Why Getting Fired Is Worse Than Divorce Under Armour Loses Whatever Swagger It Had Left Amazon Extends Growth Streak, Unfazed by Lavish Spending Terms of Service Trademarks Privacy Policy ©2017 Bloomberg L.P. All Rights Reserved Careers Made in NYC Advertise Ad Choices Website Feedback Help
BREAKING NEWS: PM decides legal action against Imran Khan … PPL 9MFY17: up on prices … Hub Power top line grows … Rethinking renewable resistance … Murree Brewery: not so strong … The clock is ticking for Pakistans legacy banks, Chris Skinner, global fintech expert … Chaudhry Nisar to arrive in Karachi today … Ferozsons: not as bad as it looks! … Merkel, May draw Brexit battle lines � … 'Venezuela is a mess,' says Trump � … Menu Home Top News Front Top News Pakistan Business & Finance World From The Print BR Research Press Release Pakistan Banking & Finance Business & Economy General News Industries & Sectors World Africa Europe Middle East North America South America South Asia South East Asia Business Global Business & Economy Industries & Sectors Banking & Finance Managed Funds Real Estate Markets Equity FXMM Fixed Income Commodities Energy Stocks Stock Market Data Exchange Rates Sports Cricket Hockey Football Other Sports Olympic London 2012 Entertainment Arts Movies Music Lifestyle Sci-Tech e-Paper AAJ Live Home »Markets » Equity » Europe » GLOBAL MARKETS-Trump tax cut, ECB questions cool risk rally Europe GLOBAL MARKETS-Trump tax cut, ECB questions cool risk rally Shoaib Ur Rehman Siddiqui Apr 27th, 2017 18:48 0 LONDON: A record-setting rally in world stocks ran out of steam on Thursday, with unconvincing US tax cut plans cooling investors' spirits and caution setting in as the European Central Bank met. Europe's main bourses were as much as 0.7 percent lower as traders pulled back after six days of unbroken gains fuelled by relief at the outcome of the first round of France's presidential election and encouraging earnings and data. Wall Street was expected to barely budge when New York reopened  while Asia had been groggy too. The Bank of Japan offered its most upbeat economic assessment in nine years, but Asia-Pacific shares ended flat a day after hitting their highest in almost two years. A surprise move by Sweden's central bank to expand its stimulus programme pushed the crown down sharply, while the Canadian dollar and Mexican peso held gains after the US said it would not scrap the North American Free Trade Agreement (NAFTA). But the focus was turning to the ECB and what bank head Mario Draghi and his colleagues have made of a recent upturn in euro zone economic data, underscored while they met as the bloc's economic confidence rose to near a 10-year high. As widely expected, the bank made no changes to its record low interest rates or stimulus programme, so the market reaction to the meeting may hinge on a few crucial words at Draghi's 1230 GMT news conference. "It is possible that the ECB will remove the language stating that the risks (to the economy) remain tilted to the downside," said Mike Bell, Global Market Strategist, JPMorgan Asset Management. Euro zone government bond yields nudged up along with the euro which was at $1.0913 having been as high as $1.0950 this week after pro-EU centrist Emmanuel Macron topped the first round vote in France. Disappointment lingered elsewhere though after Donald Trump's plans to slash US tax rates offered no concrete details on how they would be paid for. Billed beforehand as the biggest tax cut in history, they amounted to little more than a one-page plan and fuelled a suspicion that it could run into opposition from US lawmakers worried about increasing the country's debt levels. "There was virtually no new information, just as expected. He was essentially repeating his campaign promises," said Tomoaki Shishido, senior fixed income strategist at Nomura Securities. DEUTSCHE DOWN The dip in European shares saw them retreat from 20-month highs, with banks, insurers and commodity-related stocks the main drag, although gains in other cyclical industrials on the back of strong earnings kept losses down. Deutsche Bank shares fell as much as 3.5 percent as a drop in its revenues overshadowed a more than doubling of first-quarter net profits. Its shares have nearly doubled though since last year's solvency worries. Upbeat results from SKF, Bayer and Subsea 7 - companies closely geared to economic growth - were cheered as more investors piled into the European recovery story. In emerging markets, the peso made the most ground but Turkey's lira was firing too, hitting its highest since early January as a surprise policy tightening by the country's central bank reassured investors about its resolve on inflation. The S&P 500 ended down fractionally on Wednesday as the questions left by Trump's tax plans overshadowed more upbeat earnings. Weekly US jobless claims data and a report on durable goods are expected at 8:30 a.m. ET (1230 GMT) and Microsoft , Amazon.com and Google parent Alphabet are scheduled to report results after the bell. Overall profits of S&P 500 companies are estimated to have risen 11.8 percent in the first quarter, the most since 2011, according to Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S. China's growth accelerated at the fastest pace since mid-2015 in the January-March quarter, while South Korea on Thursday also reported stronger than expected first-quarter growth, fuelled by improving global demand. Among commodities, industrial metals steadied though oil prices dipped again on concerns about globally bloated markets. The dollar, meanwhile, clawed up to 111.34 yen but was still down from near a one-month high of 111.78 yen scored on Wednesday.   Copyright Reuters, 2017  Twitter Facebook Google+ Pinterest LinkedIn Tumblr Mail Print the author Shoaib Ur Rehman Siddiqui Previous Nigeria central bank to offer FX bureau dollars at 360/$ Next German inflation surpasses ECB target in April Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment Name * Email * Website Quick Search BULLION RATE COTTON YARN CURRENCY EXCHANGE CAPITAL GROWTH LIBOR MUTUAL FUNDS KERB VEGETABLE OIL GRAIN MARKET RATES Buy direct from China free shipping trade platform. Quinceanera Dress LED Replacement headlight bulb Copyright © 2017  Business Recorder. All Rights Reserved. Powered by e-Dynamics - Software Department. Contact us Terms of use Privacy Policy Disclaimer Close Close Top
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Clorox Co - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Clorox Co with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Royal Bank of Canada Analysts Give Clorox Co (CLX) a $115.00 Price Target Stephen T. Mclin Sells 7,823 Shares of Charles Schwab Corp (SCHW) Stock Royal Bank of Canada Reiterates “$6.00” Price Target for Hecla Mining Company (HL) Credit Suisse Group AG Downgrades Nord Anglia Education Inc (NORD) to Neutral Oflen Mary Elizabeth Van Sells 8,000 Shares of Kroger Co (KR) Stock Steven C. Zola Sells 2,000 Shares of Winmark Co. (WINA) Stock Anglo American (AAUKF) Rating Lowered to Hold at Goldman Sachs Group Inc Canaccord Genuity Analysts Give Lipocine Inc (LPCN) a $10.00 Price Target John W. Kemper Sells 4,680 Shares of Commerce Bancshares, Inc. (CBSH) Stock Federal Signal Co. (FSS) Releases FY17 Earnings Guidance Investors Buy Large Volume of T-Mobile US Put Options (TMUS) Heritage Financial Corp (HFWA) Plans Dividend Increase – $0.13 Per Share Investors Purchase Large Volume of Call Options on Micron Technology (MU) Himax Technologies Target of Unusually High Options Trading (HIMX) Oakbrook Investments LLC Reduces Position in Realty Income Corp (O) Celestica Inc (CLS) Given “Sector Perform” Rating at Scotiabank Columbus Circle Investors Invests $667,000 in Puma Biotechnology Inc (PBYI) Owens Corning’s (OC) “Buy” Rating Reaffirmed at Royal Bank of Canada Brookfield Property Partners’ (BPY) Outperform Rating Reaffirmed at Scotiabank Gulfport Energy Co. (GPOR) Given Buy Rating at Royal Bank of Canada Royal Bank of Canada Analysts Give Clorox Co (CLX) a $115.00 Price Target April 27th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Trevor Kearing Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Finance Tweet Royal Bank of Canada set a $115.00 price target on Clorox Co (NYSE:CLX) in a report issued on Monday. The firm currently has a hold rating on the stock. Several other equities analysts also recently issued reports on CLX. Zacks Investment Research raised shares of Clorox from a strong sell rating to a hold rating in a report on Tuesday, January 3rd. Barclays PLC raised shares of Clorox from an underweight rating to an equal weight rating and decreased their price objective for the company from $115.00 to $111.00 in a report on Monday, January 9th. B. Riley reaffirmed a neutral rating and set a $125.00 price objective on shares of Clorox in a report on Monday, February 6th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. initiated coverage on shares of Clorox in a report on Tuesday, March 21st. They set a neutral rating and a $136.00 price objective on the stock. Finally, Vetr raised shares of Clorox from a hold rating to a buy rating and set a $140.50 price objective on the stock in a report on Monday, April 3rd. Eleven equities research analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and three have assigned a buy rating to the company’s stock. The stock presently has an average rating of Hold and an average price target of $128.97. Clorox (NYSE:CLX) opened at 133.57 on Monday. Clorox has a one year low of $111.24 and a one year high of $140.47. The company’s 50-day moving average is $135.89 and its 200 day moving average is $125.07. The company has a market capitalization of $17.13 billion, a P/E ratio of 26.79 and a beta of 0.32. Clorox (NYSE:CLX) last posted its quarterly earnings data on Friday, February 3rd. The company reported $1.25 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, beating the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of $1.22 by $0.03. The business had revenue of $1.41 billion for the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $1.41 billion. Clorox had a net margin of 11.15% and a return on equity of 239.42%. The company’s revenue was up 4.5% compared to the same quarter last year. During the same period last year, the firm posted $1.14 earnings per share. On average, equities analysts anticipate that Clorox will post $5.31 earnings per share for the current year. WARNING: “Royal Bank of Canada Analysts Give Clorox Co (CLX) a $115.00 Price Target” was published by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are accessing this news story on another website, it was copied illegally and republished in violation of U.S. and international trademark and copyright law. The correct version of this news story can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/27/royal-bank-of-canada-analysts-give-clorox-co-clx-a-115-00-price-target-2.html. The business also recently declared a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Friday, May 5th. Shareholders of record on Wednesday, April 19th will be given a dividend of $0.80 per share. This represents a $3.20 dividend on an annualized basis and a dividend yield of 2.40%. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Monday, April 17th. Clorox’s dividend payout ratio is presently 64.13%. Several large investors have recently made changes to their positions in the stock. Salem Investment Counselors Inc. bought a new stake in shares of Clorox during the third quarter worth $100,000. Mascoma Wealth Management LLC bought a new stake in shares of Clorox during the fourth quarter worth $104,000. Valley National Advisers Inc. boosted its stake in shares of Clorox by 0.5% in the third quarter. Valley National Advisers Inc. now owns 849 shares of the company’s stock worth $106,000 after buying an additional 4 shares in the last quarter. Quadrant Capital Group LLC boosted its stake in shares of Clorox by 23.0% in the first quarter. Quadrant Capital Group LLC now owns 846 shares of the company’s stock worth $106,000 after buying an additional 158 shares in the last quarter. Finally, Parallel Advisors LLC bought a new stake in shares of Clorox during the fourth quarter worth $123,000. Institutional investors and hedge funds own 70.14% of the company’s stock. Clorox Company Profile The Clorox Company is a manufacturer and marketer of consumer and professional products. The Company sells its products primarily through mass retail outlets, e-commerce channels, wholesale distributors and medical supply distributors. The Company operates through four segments: Cleaning, Household, Lifestyle and International. Receive News & Ratings for Clorox Co Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Clorox Co and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Judge Uses Comment by President Trump in Ruling Fight for Border Wall Approaches in Attempt to Avoid Shutdown President Trump Attempting To Repeal ACA Again Vice President Pence Says North Korea Should Not Test U.S. Resolve Trump’s Back and Forth on Economics © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 27 April 2017 by Maciej Heyman Global Disruption and the Boardroom – 2017 WomenCorporateDirectors Global Institute Tackles “The New Era of Deglobalization” New York City - May 9-11, 2017 @WomenCorpDirs NEW YORK, April 27, 2017 /PRNewswire-USNewswire/ -- As globalization is being increasingly challenged and even resisted around the world, what does this mean for global markets, talent, and capital flows? How boards are leading their companies in this new era is the theme of the 2017 WomenCorporateDirectors Foundation (WCD) Global Institute, bringing together 200+ board leaders next month to New York from all over the globe. The 8th annual, invitation-only Global Institute is the premier event for WCD, the largest organization of women board directors globally, with 76 chapters and members serving on more than 6,500 boards. Top global companies on the agenda At the Institute, directors and C-suite officers from GE, AT&T, Alaska Air, News Corp., The Coca-Cola Company, JPMorgan Chase & Co., Rolls Royce North America, Barclays PLC, Intel Capital, Tata Communications, and other top global organizations will share their experiences in everything from international M&As to the geography of future markets to how their companies are helping create brand-new industries. Navigating "shocks to the system" and a crisis in corporate culture "Companies must be able to pivot to confront new regulations, trade policies, and regional conflict," says WCD chairman and CEO Susan Stautberg. "The Institute allows us to hear how some of the most nimble boards are helping their companies survive these shocks to the system." Also, as organizations face a crisis in leadership – given the widespread coverage of corporate misbehavior and deeper problems around corporate culture – the Institute will feature the launch of the WCD Thought Leadership Commission report developed with Pearl Meyer: "The Visionary Board at Work: Developing a Culture of Leadership." "Never has there been a time where boards so needed to step up to the plate as far as helping align organizational cultural traits with business strategy," says Stautberg. The Global Institute will also include: Visionary Awards Dinner – The evening of May 10th, WCD will honor its 2017 Visionary Award winners – companies and CEOs that have distinguished themselves in corporate governance: Alaska Air, Ecolab, Duchossois Group, and Isabelle Marcoux, chair of the board of Transcontinental, Inc. Family Business Governance Institute – In its third year, this full day of programming will be held on May 9th. Sponsored and hosted by KPMG, it will address the particular challenges and opportunities associated with governing family-run businesses and spotlight strategies to ensure their long-term success. Featured speakers The Global Institute will feature speakers and panelists from around the world, including, among many others: Anu Aiyengar (United States), Head of Mergers & Acquisitions (North America) Investment Banking, J.P. Morgan; WCD member Vinod Kumar (India), Managing Director and Group CEO, Tata Communications Julianne Canavaggio (Panama), Head of Central America & Caribbean, Lazard; Director, Conservatorio and Inversiones Malemar; WCD member Dr. Oyun Sanjaasuren (Mongolia), Chair of the Global Water Partnership; former Minister of Foreign Affairs of Mongolia; WCD chapter chair Trina Van Pelt (United States), Vice President, Intel Corporation; Managing Director, Internet of Things – Intel Capital Marina Brogi (Italy), Director of Luxottica Group and Salini Impregilo; Full Professor of International Banking and Capital Markets, Sapienza University; WCD Family Business Co-Chair, WCD chapter chair, and Advisory Board member Laurie Ann Goldman (United States), Director, ServiceMaster Global Holdings Inc. and Francesca's Holding Corporation; WCD member Joyce M. Roché (United States), Director, AT&T, Dr Pepper Snapple Group, Inc., Macy's, Inc., and Tupperware Brands Corporation; WCD member Marion Blakey (United States), Director, Alaska Air Group Inc.; President and CEO, Rolls Royce North America Inc.; former Administrator of the Federal Aviation Administration Bradley Tildon (United States), President and CEO, Alaska Airlines and Alaska Air Group Inc.; Director, Nordstrom, Inc. Aliza Knox (Singapore), VP, Twitter APAC; Non-Executive Director, Scentre Group, Singapore Post, and GfK; Advisor, ANZ Bank Board Tech Subcommittee; WCD member Isabelle Marcoux (Canada), Chairman, Transcontinental Inc.; Director, George Weston Limited, Rogers Communications Inc., Power Corporation of Canada, and The Montreal Children's Hospital Foundation; 2017 Visionary Award Winner; WCD member Phyllis Campbell (United States), Chairman, Pacific Northwest, JPMorgan Chase & Co.; Lead Director, Alaska Air Group; WCD member, WCD Advisory Board member and Asia Pacific chair Jan Babiak (United States), Director, Walgreens Boots Alliance, Inc. and Bank of Montreal; WCD chapter chair Eunice Nyala (Kenya), Director, Sales & Marketing G4S Kenya Anne Stevens (United States), Director, Anglo American plc, Lockheed Martin, and XL Group To apply for media credentials to cover the WCD Global Institute, please contact Suzanne Oaks Brownstein or Trang Mar of Temin and Company at 212-588-8788 or news@teminandco.com. About the WCD Global Institute The WomenCorporateDirectors Foundation (WCD) 2017 Global Institute is an unprecedented opportunity for global board directors to share corporate governance and business strategies and to build partnerships with a purpose, in a private, invitation-only setting. The Institute is a high-powered idea forum exploring compelling issues on the minds of today's board directors and their companies. The program includes keynotes, panels, and discussion groups – as well as the Visionary Awards Dinner – that facilitate informal peer exchanges. About WomenCorporateDirectors Education and Development Foundation, Inc. The WomenCorporateDirectors Education and Development Foundation, Inc. (WCD Foundation) is the only global membership organization and community of women corporate directors. A 501(c)(3) not-for-profit organization, the WCD Foundation has 76 chapters around the world. The aggregate market capitalization of public companies on whose boards WCD Foundation members serve is over $8 trillion. In addition, WCD Foundation members serve on numerous boards of large private and family-run companies globally. For more information visit www.womencorporatedirectors.org or follow us on Twitter @WomenCorpDirs, #WCDboards.   SOURCE WomenCorporateDirectors Education and Development Foundation, Inc. CategoriesUncategorized TagsBanking/Financial Services, Economic News, Trends and Analysis, Not For Profit, Women-related News Post navigation Previous PostPrevious PE-RT Market 2017 – Dow Chemical, LyondellBasell, Ineos, DAELIM, LG Chem, SK Next PostNext Optical Transport Network Equipment Market 2017 – Cisco, Aliathon Technology, Ciena Corporation, Ericsson Search Recent Posts ZoomerMedia Limited Announces Second Quarter Financial Results Helix BioPharma Corp. Closes Private Placement IIROC Trade Resumption / L’OCRCVM permet la reprise de la negociation – BUFF.P , DVC.H, HVST Rand Capital Announces First Quarter 2017 Results Georgia Southern University Selects Spectra Ticketing & Fan Engagement Proudly powered by WordPress
Open Close About Us Contact Us Privacy Policy Advertise Editorial Friday 28 Apr 2017 Home Business Banking & Finance Economy Retail Media & Technology M&A Employment Aviation Capital Group amends USD 1.50bn senior unsecured revolving credit facility By Gulli Arnason in Air and Travel · April 27, 2017 Aviation Capital Group LLC has amended and extended a USD 1.50bn senior unsecured revolving credit facility with J.P. Morgan Chase Bank N.A. as administrative agent, whereby the maturity date was extended by two years to April 26, 2022, the company said. Together with another senior unsecured revolving credit facility, ACG has USD 1.72bn of revolving commitments from 23 institutions globally. Aviation Capital Group is a full service aircraft asset manager with approximately 413 owned, managed and committed aircraft, which are leased to approximately 100 airlines in approximately 45 countries. ACG was founded in 1989 and is an indirect wholly owned subsidiary of Pacific Life Insurance company. Related posts Delta continues multi-billion dollar customer experience investment April 27, 2017 Delta is amping up its in-flight amenities with the introduction of noise-cancelling headphones from Los... Spirit AeroSystems approves USD 0.10 dividend April 27, 2017 Spirit AeroSystems Holdings, Inc., (NYSE: SPR) board of directors has declared a regular quarterly dividend... Cheapflights.com offers 10 picks for trips for moms and kids of all ages April 27, 2017 To celebrate all the moms who pass their love of travel on to their kids,... Dulles, Reagan National airport workers walk off job April 27, 2017 Hundreds of contracted service workers at Reagan National Airport and Dulles walked off the job... Braidy Industries to spend USD 1.3bn on aerospace plate aluminum rolling mill April 27, 2017 The transformation in material sciences and advanced manufacturing was evidenced when Kentucky Governor Matt Bevin... Leave a comment Cancel reply You must be logged in to post a comment. « Aviall signs 5-year distribution agreement with NYCO America Forward Air Corporation reports Q1 2017 results » Search for: Follow us on Powered by LiveCharts.Co.Uk UK Share Prices and Gold Price Tags acquisitions airlines Banks barclays car China debt disposals Energy EU Europe featured Finance gas GDP Germany Google Government Growth high street HSBC India Inflation jobs manufacturing mergers mortgages newsinpictures oil ONS pharmaceuticals pictures private equity RBS Recession Results Retail News social media Spain Telecom Telecommunications Tesco UK UK economy USA Archives April 2017 March 2017 February 2017 January 2017 December 2016 November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 February 2014 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 September 2013 August 2013 July 2013 June 2013 May 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013 January 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 August 2012 July 2012 June 2012 May 2012 April 2012 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 November 2011 October 2011 September 2011 August 2011 July 2011 June 2011 May 2011 April 2011 March 2011 January 2011 December 2010 November 2010 August 2010 April 2010 April 2017 M T W T F S S « Mar       1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 30 Submit Become a Contributor Submit Press Release © 2017 Financial News. Powered by WordPress. Deadline Responsive by AWESEM.
Subscribe Information that drives Canadian industry News Features Insights Technology Centre Events Plant Expo Upcoming Events More Digital Edition Plant West Salary Calculator Contacts Advertise Why Trump tax cut may not deliver the boost it promises Here's a closer look at the president’s proposal and its likely impact. April 27, 2017 by ASSOCIATED PRESS Topics General Industries Government Manufacturing Tags Economy manufacturing tax cut Trump WASHINGTON — President Donald Trump’s team boasted that its tax-cut plan would lighten Americans’ financial burdens, ignite economic growth and vastly simplify tax filing. Yet the proposal so far remains short of vital details, including how it would be paid for. And based on the few specifics spelled out so far, most experts suggest that it would add little to growth while swelling the budget deficit and potentially handing large windfalls to wealthier taxpayers. Trump’s plan would replace the current seven income tax brackets with three, and the top bracket would drop from 39.6% to 35%. It would also slash the corporate rate from 35% all the way to 15%, a boon to most companies even though many don’t pay the full tax now. With tax credits and other loopholes, most corporations pay closer to 20%, according to calculations by JPMorgan. Perhaps the most contentious plank would enable taxpayers with business income – including those wealthy enough to pay the top tax rate – to instead pay the new 15% corporate rate. That’s because Trump would apply the corporate rate to “pass through” businesses. Pass-throughs include partnerships such as law firms and hedge funds as well as most small businesses – from the local florist to the family-owned restaurant on Main Street. What’s more, some privately held large companies – including Trump’s own real estate empire – are structured as pass-throughs and would benefit, too. Here’s a closer look at Trump’s proposal and its likely impact: WHO BENEFITS? It’s hard to say because the administration has released so few details. The three new income tax rates would be 10 per cent, 25 per cent and 35 per cent. But Trump’s top economic adviser, Gary Cohn, and Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin, weren’t ready Wednesday to say at what income levels these new rates would kick in. Tax experts said far more details were needed to determine how average Americans would be affected. “The impact on Joe Taxpayer is unknown,” said Marc Gerson, vice chair of the tax department of law firm Miller & Chevalier in Washington. “There’s not enough specificity. It’s hard for taxpayers to determine where they’ll come out.” Cohn asserted that the plan would cut taxes “especially for low and middle income families.” It purports to do so in part by doubling the standard deduction, which is used by taxpayers who don’t itemize their tax deductions. At the same time, the Trump plan would eliminate the estate tax and the alternative minimum tax, thereby benefiting some of the richest taxpayers. And that’s on top of shrinking the corporate tax rate that many affluent individuals could likely capitalize on. WHY CUT CORPORATE TAXES? By making corporations more profitable, the Trump administration hopes to encourage more business spending on equipment – from computers to factories and machinery. Doing so, in turn, could make the economy more efficient and accelerate growth and hiring. Economic growth has been stuck at about 2% a year since the recession ended in 2009. Mnuchin says the administration wants to accelerate it above 3%, a pace it hasn’t touched since 2005. The corporate tax cuts are also intended to encourage more businesses to stay in the United States, which now has the highest corporate rate among advanced economies. Many large corporations are enthusiastic about lower rates and say they support the elimination of loopholes, which both reduce revenue and make taxes more complicated. WHO’D BENEFIT FROM THE CORPORATE RATE CUT? Aside from most large companies, many partnerships and small businesses would benefit because they’re structured as pass-throughs, which derives from the fact that they pass on their profits to their owners. Those owners now pay individual income tax rates, which top out at 39.6%. With the pass-through rate dropped to 15%, those taxpayers could enjoy an enormous tax cut. The Trump team stressed the benefits that might flow to small businesses. But the richest windfalls would flow to the wealthy – lawyers, hedge fund managers, consultants and other big earners. Nearly 75% of pass-through income flows to the 10% wealthiest taxpayers, according to the liberal Center on Budget and Policy Priorities. “It would tremendously help high earners,” says Brian Thompson, a certified public accountant in Chicago. In Kansas, Gov. Sam Brownback eliminated state taxes on pass-throughs, which turned out to be a boon for Bill Self, the coach of the University of Kansas’ men’s basketball team. He had previously set up his own company, according to state media reports. As a result, he paid little state income tax despite earning nearly $3 million a year. Many people, particularly wealthy Americans, could set up companies and reclassify their paychecks as “business income” and have it taxed at 15%, experts say. In Kansas, the number of pass-through businesses jumped to more than double the level the state expected, according to the nonpartisan Tax Policy Center. That cost the state revenue without spurring more job creation. Mnuchin said the Treasury would issue rules to prevent wealthy people from capitalizing on the lower rate. But many experts are skeptical. “Good luck with that,” said Mark Mazur, director of the nonpartisan Tax Policy Center and a former Treasury official under President Barack Obama. “The tax agencies tend to be at least a couple of steps behind the businesses.” HOW ELSE WOULD BIG BUSINESSES BENEFIT? The administration is also proposing to tax only corporate income earned in the United States. This is known as a “territorial” system. It would replace the current worldwide system, under which corporations pay tax on income earned in the US and overseas. Yet companies can avoid the tax if they keep their foreign earnings overseas. Many businesses have kept hundreds of billions of dollars outside the United States. Mnuchin said Trump’s plan would encourage corporations to return the money to the United States and invest it in plants and equipment. Some analysts counter that corporations might instead use the money to pay dividends to shareholders. WHAT ABOUT THE DEFICIT AND GROWTH? The government’s budget deficit could explode under the plan, offsetting many of the benefits for the economy, economists say. The Committee for a Responsible Federal Budget’s rough estimate puts the loss of revenue at $5.5 trillion over 10 years. Mnuchin argued that the tax cuts would spur faster growth, which, in turn, would produce more tax revenue. And the elimination of tax deductions and other loopholes would raise revenue as well, he contended. But the Trump team offered few details on which deductions would be dropped _ a move that would likely spark ferocious opposition from the beneficiaries of those deductions. And most economists don’t accept the notion that growth would accelerate enough to offset the lost revenue. Alan Cole, an economist at the right-leaning Tax Foundation, calculates that the corporate tax cuts alone would reduce government revenue by $2 trillion over 10 years. That would require growth to accelerate nearly a full percentage point, to 2.8 per cent a year, from its current level. Yet Cole forecasts that growth would increase only 0.4 per cent annually. Other economists say that if the cuts balloon the deficit, the resulting jump in government borrowing would swell interest rates and make it harder for businesses and households to borrow and spend. Ethan Harris, chief global economist at Bank of America Merrill Lynch, says such a “crowding out” effect can cancel out any benefits to the economy. SO WILL THE ECONOMY BENEFIT AT ALL? Most economists forecast that a modest tax-cut package – smaller than Trump’s – is far more likely to become law. With the deficit rising by less, a smaller cut could raise growth to 2.5% a year, from its roughly 2% pace now, Harris said. If Trump’s proposals became law, depending on the details, growth could accelerate more quickly, Harris added. But the Federal Reserve would likely counter such acceleration with more short-term rate hikes, to forestall rapid inflation. And that move, in turn, would likely slow the economy. Share This Post Tweet Facebook LinkedIn Google+ Print this page Related Posts Hudak will quit if he fails to deliver on promises Sask.’s Wall promises tax incentive for new patents that earn money Trump’s tax plan billed as ‘largest tax reform’ in US history Alta’s NDP premier Notley promises no sales tax Have your say: Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Name * E-mail * Website NS companies vie for contracts as Sable gas field nears end of life Trump to order aluminum imports investigation Manufacturers’ Outlook 2017 Survey results and roundtable discussion. Download PDF Sponsored by Salary Calculator Sponsored by Services Subscribe to Print E-Newsletter Advertise Content Marketing Contacts Magazine View Digital Edition Browse Print Archives View Digital Edition Browse Print Archives Trending Corporate Canada warns Trump’s tax cut plan would hurt competitiveness Trump proposes tariff of 20% on Canadian softwood lumber Cenovus to accelerate drilling on acquired ConocoPhillips gas properties French’s ketchup will be bottled in Canada starting early May GE deploys OTTO robots at Milwaukee medical manufacturing facility [VIDEO] It’s Canada’s turn to get blasted by Trump Ontario set to reveal first balanced budget in a decade Manufacturing Network Sitemap Copyright Notice Privacy Policy © Copyright 2017 Annex Business Media × Close REDWIRE Powered by FRASERS REDWIRE is News you can use from Leading Suppliers. Why? Suppliers realize that B2B Buyer behavior has changed and so must they. Fact is buyers are doing a lot more upfront online research as part of their buying process today. Leading Suppliers want to support this buying process with useful facts, insights and newsworthy content – goes well beyond your typical press release or web site content. Suppliers realize that the content cannot just be “self serving” in nature because the content will not engage and be useful to prospective buyers. Post your own REDWIRE News Okay
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Peabody Energy Co. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Peabody Energy Co. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Bollard Group LLC Buys 4,334 Shares of Phillips 66 (PSX) WD-40 Company (WDFC) Position Held by Rice Hall James & Associates LLC Positive Media Coverage Extremely Likely to Impact Haynes International (HAYN) Stock Price Robert Half International Inc. (RHI) Forecasted to Post Q2 2017 Earnings of $0.67 Per Share Critical Media Coverage Extremely Likely to Impact Aeropostale (ARO) Share Price Canadian National Railway (CNI) to Post Q2 2017 Earnings of $0.96 Per Share, Cormark Forecasts Danaher Co. (DHR) Shares Bought by Ledyard National Bank Equities Analysts Set Expectations for Peabody Energy Co.’s Q2 2017 Earnings (BTU) Q2 2017 Earnings Forecast for Snap-on Incorporated Issued By Barrington Research (SNA) Positive Press Coverage Extremely Likely to Impact Internap Corp (INAP) Share Price Five Prime Therapeutics (FPRX) Receiving Favorable Press Coverage, Study Finds Q2 2017 EPS Estimates for Canadian National Railway Increased by Analyst (CNI) Rice Hall James & Associates LLC Has $435,000 Position in Moody's Co. (MCO) Positive Press Coverage Extremely Likely to Affect Enservco Corp (ENSV) Stock Price Zacks: Crown Crafts, Inc. (CRWS) Receives Average Rating of “Buy” from Analysts Lockheed Martin Co. (LMT) Downgraded to Hold at Zacks Investment Research BMO Capital Markets Begins Coverage on McDonald's Co. (MCD) Citizens Financial Group Inc (CFG) Upgraded at Piper Jaffray Companies Danaher Co. (DHR) Rating Lowered to Hold at Zacks Investment Research Danaher’s (DHR) Sector Perform Rating Reaffirmed at Royal Bank of Canada Equities Analysts Set Expectations for Peabody Energy Co.’s Q2 2017 Earnings (BTU) April 27th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Tyrone Williams Filed Under: Analyst Articles - Estimates - Finance Tweet Peabody Energy Co. (NYSE:BTU) – Equities research analysts at Seaport Global Securities increased their Q2 2017 earnings per share (EPS) estimates for shares of Peabody Energy in a research note issued on Monday. Seaport Global Securities analyst M. Levin now anticipates that the coal producer will post earnings per share of $1.80 for the quarter, up from their previous estimate of $0.68. Seaport Global Securities currently has a “Buy” rating and a $31.00 price objective on the stock. Seaport Global Securities also issued estimates for Peabody Energy’s Q3 2017 earnings at $1.04 EPS, Q4 2017 earnings at $0.70 EPS and FY2017 earnings at $5.94 EPS. BTU has been the subject of several other reports. Stifel Nicolaus restated a “hold” rating and issued a $29.00 price objective on shares of Peabody Energy in a report on Wednesday, April 19th. Clarkson Capital restated a “buy” rating and issued a $44.00 price objective on shares of Peabody Energy in a report on Sunday, April 2nd. FBR & Co restated an “outperform” rating and issued a $34.00 price objective (up from $33.00) on shares of Peabody Energy in a report on Tuesday, April 18th. Finally, JPMorgan Chase & Co. restated an “overweight” rating and issued a $35.00 price objective on shares of Peabody Energy in a report on Wednesday. Two equities research analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and four have given a buy rating to the company’s stock. Peabody Energy has an average rating of “Buy” and a consensus target price of $32.50. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY WARNING: This report was first reported by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are reading this report on another website, it was illegally copied and reposted in violation of US & international trademark and copyright laws. The original version of this report can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/27/equities-analysts-set-expectations-for-peabody-energy-co-s-q2-2017-earnings-btu.html. Shares of Peabody Energy (NYSE:BTU) opened at 26.53 on Wednesday. Peabody Energy has a 12-month low of $22.61 and a 12-month high of $32.50. The firm has a 50-day moving average of $26.38 and a 200-day moving average of $26.38. The firm’s market capitalization is $490.57 million. In related news, major shareholder Associates L.P. Elliott acquired 262,071 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction on Wednesday, April 19th. The stock was acquired at an average cost of $24.30 per share, for a total transaction of $6,368,325.30. Following the acquisition, the insider now owns 1,477,659 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $35,907,113.70. The purchase was disclosed in a document filed with the SEC, which is available at this hyperlink. Insiders acquired a total of 503,511 shares of company stock valued at $12,925,461 over the last 90 days. About Peabody Energy Peabody Energy Corporation is a coal company. The Company’s segments include Powder River Basin Mining, Midwestern U.S. Mining, Western U.S. Mining, Australian Metallurgical Mining, Australian Thermal Mining, Trading and Brokerage, and Corporate and Other. Its Powder River Basin Mining operations consist of its mines in Wyoming. Receive News & Ratings for Peabody Energy Co. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Peabody Energy Co. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Judge Uses Comment by President Trump in Ruling Fight for Border Wall Approaches in Attempt to Avoid Shutdown President Trump Attempting To Repeal ACA Again Vice President Pence Says North Korea Should Not Test U.S. Resolve Trump’s Back and Forth on Economics © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance BlackRock Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for BlackRock Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News $3.04 Earnings Per Share Expected for McKesson Co. (MCK) This Quarter BlackRock, Inc. (BLK) Expected to Announce Earnings of $5.28 Per Share Equity Residential (EQR) Updates Q2 Earnings Guidance Byron Myers Sells 10,000 Shares of Inogen Inc (INGN) Stock Andrew Miles Snyder Sells 45,000 Shares of Blucora Inc (BCOR) Stock Nisa Investment Advisors LLC Decreases Stake in Darden Restaurants, Inc. (DRI) Textron Inc. (TXT) Position Boosted by Nisa Investment Advisors LLC National Retail Properties, Inc. (NNN) Shares Sold by Nisa Investment Advisors LLC Nisa Investment Advisors LLC Sells 17,906 Shares of BorgWarner Inc. (BWA) Sunoco Logistics Partners L.P. (SXL) Rating Reiterated by Citigroup Inc Progressive Corp (PGR) Downgraded by Zacks Investment Research Pioneer Natural Resources (PXD) Rating Reiterated by Royal Bank of Canada Canadian National Railway (CNI) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Barclays PLC Everence Capital Management Inc. Takes Position in Seagate Technology PLC (STX) Coach Inc (COH) Shares Sold by Nisa Investment Advisors LLC Everence Capital Management Inc. Takes Position in Sterling Bancorp (STL) Everence Capital Management Inc. Invests $226,000 in South Jersey Industries Inc (SJI) Everence Capital Management Inc. Has $230,000 Stake in Acuity Brands, Inc. (AYI) Boston Advisors LLC Decreases Stake in BP plc (BP) Everence Capital Management Inc. Continues to Hold Stake in Target Co. (TGT) BlackRock, Inc. (BLK) Expected to Announce Earnings of $5.28 Per Share April 27th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Stacy Sanders Filed Under: Consensus Rating Articles - Finance Tweet Analysts forecast that BlackRock, Inc. (NYSE:BLK) will post earnings per share (EPS) of $5.28 for the current quarter, Zacks reports. Four analysts have made estimates for BlackRock’s earnings. The lowest EPS estimate is $5.15 and the highest is $5.41. BlackRock posted earnings per share of $4.78 during the same quarter last year, which would indicate a positive year over year growth rate of 10.5%. The company is scheduled to announce its next quarterly earnings report on Thursday, July 13th. On average, analysts expect that BlackRock will report full-year earnings of $21.75 per share for the current financial year, with EPS estimates ranging from $20.85 to $22.15. For the next financial year, analysts forecast that the business will report earnings of $24.23 per share, with EPS estimates ranging from $22.31 to $25.50. Zacks Investment Research’s earnings per share calculations are an average based on a survey of research firms that follow BlackRock. BlackRock (NYSE:BLK) last released its earnings results on Wednesday, April 19th. The asset manager reported $5.25 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, topping the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of $4.94 by $0.31. BlackRock had a net margin of 28.44% and a return on equity of 11.20%. The business had revenue of $2.82 billion for the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $2.86 billion. During the same period last year, the company earned $4.25 earnings per share. The company’s quarterly revenue was up 7.6% on a year-over-year basis. BLK has been the topic of several research analyst reports. Deutsche Bank AG reaffirmed a “buy” rating and set a $441.00 target price (down previously from $449.00) on shares of BlackRock in a research note on Saturday, April 22nd. Morgan Stanley reaffirmed a “buy” rating on shares of BlackRock in a research note on Saturday, March 18th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. reaffirmed a “buy” rating on shares of BlackRock in a research note on Wednesday, March 8th. Credit Suisse Group AG reaffirmed a “buy” rating and set a $464.00 target price on shares of BlackRock in a research note on Thursday, February 9th. Finally, Citigroup Inc lifted their target price on BlackRock from $425.00 to $430.00 and gave the company a “buy” rating in a research note on Wednesday, January 25th. Seven investment analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and six have assigned a buy rating to the company. The company has a consensus rating of “Hold” and a consensus target price of $410.30. Shares of BlackRock (NYSE:BLK) opened at 388.87 on Thursday. The company has a 50 day moving average of $382.21 and a 200 day moving average of $376.24. BlackRock has a 52-week low of $317.60 and a 52-week high of $399.46. The firm has a market capitalization of $63.33 billion, a PE ratio of 19.11 and a beta of 1.72. In related news, insider Jeff A. Smith sold 5,250 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Friday, February 3rd. The stock was sold at an average price of $377.00, for a total value of $1,979,250.00. The sale was disclosed in a legal filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is available at this hyperlink. Also, CFO Gary Shedlin sold 2,417 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Friday, February 3rd. The shares were sold at an average price of $375.00, for a total value of $906,375.00. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. In the last three months, insiders sold 26,614 shares of company stock valued at $10,014,028. 2.20% of the stock is currently owned by company insiders. Large investors have recently bought and sold shares of the company. Covington Capital Management raised its stake in BlackRock by 1.5% in the third quarter. Covington Capital Management now owns 33,273 shares of the asset manager’s stock valued at $12,060,000 after buying an additional 500 shares during the period. Aviva PLC raised its stake in BlackRock by 4.4% in the fourth quarter. Aviva PLC now owns 97,010 shares of the asset manager’s stock valued at $36,939,000 after buying an additional 4,077 shares during the period. Great West Life Assurance Co. Can raised its stake in BlackRock by 2.5% in the third quarter. Great West Life Assurance Co. Can now owns 146,915 shares of the asset manager’s stock valued at $53,234,000 after buying an additional 3,542 shares during the period. Commerzbank Aktiengesellschaft FI raised its stake in BlackRock by 212.5% in the fourth quarter. Commerzbank Aktiengesellschaft FI now owns 3,047 shares of the asset manager’s stock valued at $1,160,000 after buying an additional 2,072 shares during the period. Finally, Asset Management One Co. Ltd. raised its stake in BlackRock by 1,761.2% in the fourth quarter. Asset Management One Co. Ltd. now owns 215,337 shares of the asset manager’s stock valued at $81,920,000 after buying an additional 203,767 shares during the period. Hedge funds and other institutional investors own 80.82% of the company’s stock. TRADEMARK VIOLATION WARNING: “BlackRock, Inc. (BLK) Expected to Announce Earnings of $5.28 Per Share” was first published by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are accessing this article on another domain, it was illegally copied and republished in violation of United States & international copyright and trademark legislation. The correct version of this article can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/27/blackrock-inc-blk-expected-to-announce-earnings-of-5-28-per-share.html. About BlackRock BlackRock, Inc (BlackRock) is an investment management company. BlackRock provides a range of investment and risk management services to institutional and retail clients worldwide. Its diverse platform of active (alpha) and index (beta) investment strategies across asset classes enables the Company to tailor investment outcomes and asset allocation solutions for clients. Get a free copy of the Zacks research report on BlackRock (BLK) For more information about research offerings from Zacks Investment Research, visit Zacks.com Receive News & Ratings for BlackRock Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for BlackRock Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Judge Uses Comment by President Trump in Ruling Fight for Border Wall Approaches in Attempt to Avoid Shutdown President Trump Attempting To Repeal ACA Again Vice President Pence Says North Korea Should Not Test U.S. Resolve Trump’s Back and Forth on Economics © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance McKesson Co. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for McKesson Co. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News $3.04 Earnings Per Share Expected for McKesson Co. (MCK) This Quarter BlackRock, Inc. (BLK) Expected to Announce Earnings of $5.28 Per Share Equity Residential (EQR) Updates Q2 Earnings Guidance Byron Myers Sells 10,000 Shares of Inogen Inc (INGN) Stock Andrew Miles Snyder Sells 45,000 Shares of Blucora Inc (BCOR) Stock Nisa Investment Advisors LLC Decreases Stake in Darden Restaurants, Inc. (DRI) Textron Inc. (TXT) Position Boosted by Nisa Investment Advisors LLC National Retail Properties, Inc. (NNN) Shares Sold by Nisa Investment Advisors LLC Nisa Investment Advisors LLC Sells 17,906 Shares of BorgWarner Inc. (BWA) Sunoco Logistics Partners L.P. (SXL) Rating Reiterated by Citigroup Inc Progressive Corp (PGR) Downgraded by Zacks Investment Research Pioneer Natural Resources (PXD) Rating Reiterated by Royal Bank of Canada Canadian National Railway (CNI) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Barclays PLC Everence Capital Management Inc. Takes Position in Seagate Technology PLC (STX) Coach Inc (COH) Shares Sold by Nisa Investment Advisors LLC Everence Capital Management Inc. Takes Position in Sterling Bancorp (STL) Everence Capital Management Inc. Invests $226,000 in South Jersey Industries Inc (SJI) Everence Capital Management Inc. Has $230,000 Stake in Acuity Brands, Inc. (AYI) Boston Advisors LLC Decreases Stake in BP plc (BP) Everence Capital Management Inc. Continues to Hold Stake in Target Co. (TGT) $3.04 Earnings Per Share Expected for McKesson Co. (MCK) This Quarter April 27th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Jeff Wilder Filed Under: Consensus Rating Articles - Finance Tweet Wall Street analysts expect McKesson Co. (NYSE:MCK) to report $3.04 earnings per share (EPS) for the current quarter, according to Zacks. Five analysts have issued estimates for McKesson’s earnings. The lowest EPS estimate is $2.97 and the highest is $3.10. McKesson reported earnings of $2.44 per share in the same quarter last year, which would suggest a positive year-over-year growth rate of 24.6%. The business is expected to report its next quarterly earnings results after the market closes on Thursday, May 18th. According to Zacks, analysts expect that McKesson will report full-year earnings of $12.56 per share for the current financial year, with EPS estimates ranging from $12.45 to $12.65. For the next fiscal year, analysts expect that the firm will report earnings of $11.62 per share, with EPS estimates ranging from $11.30 to $11.81. Zacks’ earnings per share averages are a mean average based on a survey of analysts that follow McKesson. MCK has been the subject of several research analyst reports. Mizuho lowered McKesson from a “buy” rating to a “neutral” rating and set a $147.00 price objective for the company. in a research report on Tuesday, January 3rd. JPMorgan Chase & Co. lowered McKesson from an “overweight” rating to a “neutral” rating and lowered their price objective for the stock from $171.00 to $169.00 in a research report on Thursday, January 5th. Avondale Partners raised McKesson from a “market perform” rating to an “outperform” rating and lifted their price objective for the stock from $157.00 to $193.00 in a research report on Wednesday, January 18th. Vetr raised McKesson from a “buy” rating to a “strong-buy” rating and set a $166.72 price objective for the company in a research report on Thursday, January 19th. Finally, Leerink Swann set a $155.00 price objective on McKesson and gave the stock a “hold” rating in a research report on Saturday, January 21st. Two equities research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, eleven have assigned a hold rating, six have given a buy rating and one has assigned a strong buy rating to the company. McKesson presently has an average rating of “Hold” and an average target price of $170.12. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION WARNING: This piece was originally posted by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are viewing this piece on another domain, it was illegally copied and republished in violation of United States & international trademark & copyright legislation. The correct version of this piece can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/27/3-04-earnings-per-share-expected-for-mckesson-co-mck-this-quarter.html. In other McKesson news, Chairman John H. Hammergren sold 100,500 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction on Thursday, March 2nd. The shares were sold at an average price of $150.49, for a total transaction of $15,124,245.00. Following the sale, the chairman now owns 57,900 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $8,713,371. The sale was disclosed in a legal filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is available at this hyperlink. Insiders own 1.15% of the company’s stock. A number of large investors have recently modified their holdings of the stock. Orrstown Financial Services Inc. raised its position in McKesson by 16.3% in the first quarter. Orrstown Financial Services Inc. now owns 715 shares of the company’s stock worth $106,000 after buying an additional 100 shares during the period. SRB Corp raised its position in McKesson by 3.4% in the third quarter. SRB Corp now owns 814 shares of the company’s stock worth $136,000 after buying an additional 27 shares during the period. Tompkins Financial Corp raised its position in McKesson by 8.8% in the first quarter. Tompkins Financial Corp now owns 962 shares of the company’s stock worth $151,000 after buying an additional 78 shares during the period. Independent Advisor Alliance purchased a new position in McKesson during the fourth quarter worth approximately $161,000. Finally, State of Alaska Department of Revenue raised its position in McKesson by 6.9% in the third quarter. State of Alaska Department of Revenue now owns 1,192 shares of the company’s stock worth $198,000 after buying an additional 77 shares during the period. 87.81% of the stock is currently owned by institutional investors and hedge funds. Shares of McKesson (NYSE:MCK) opened at 136.03 on Thursday. The company has a market cap of $28.85 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 16.14 and a beta of 1.06. The company’s 50-day moving average price is $144.73 and its 200 day moving average price is $145.43. McKesson has a 12-month low of $114.53 and a 12-month high of $199.43. About McKesson McKesson Corporation (McKesson) is engaged in delivering pharmaceuticals, medical supplies and healthcare information technology. The Company operates through two segments: McKesson Distribution Solutions and Technology Solutions. The McKesson Distribution Solutions segment distributes drugs and equipment, and health and beauty care products across North America and internationally. Get a free copy of the Zacks research report on McKesson (MCK) For more information about research offerings from Zacks Investment Research, visit Zacks.com Receive News & Ratings for McKesson Co. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for McKesson Co. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Judge Uses Comment by President Trump in Ruling Fight for Border Wall Approaches in Attempt to Avoid Shutdown President Trump Attempting To Repeal ACA Again Vice President Pence Says North Korea Should Not Test U.S. Resolve Trump’s Back and Forth on Economics © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Banco Santander S.A. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Banco Santander S.A. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Rice Energy Inc (RICE) PT Set at $28.00 by Royal Bank of Canada Procter & Gamble Co (PG) Price Target Lowered to $87.00 at Stifel Nicolaus Schlumberger Limited. (SLB) Earns “Conviction-Buy” Rating from Goldman Sachs Group Inc Companhia Siderurgica Nacional (SID) Cut to “Hold” at Zacks Investment Research Range Resources Corp. (RRC) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by JPMorgan Chase & Co. Banco Santander, S.A. (SAN) Rating Lowered to Neutral at Citigroup Inc Q2 2017 EPS Estimates for Canadian National Railway (CNI) Boosted by National Bank Financial Q2 2017 EPS Estimates for Crown Castle International Corp. (REIT) (CCI) Raised by Analyst Q2 2017 EPS Estimates for Astec Industries, Inc. (ASTE) Cut by Analyst Zacks: Exponent, Inc. (EXPO) Given Average Recommendation of “Hold” by Analysts Zacks: Federal Agricultural Mortgage Corp. (AGM) Given $42.00 Average Price Target by Analysts $1.03 Earnings Per Share Expected for Amazon.com, Inc. (AMZN) This Quarter Advanced Photonix (API) Earning Favorable Media Coverage, Analysis Shows Aclaris Therapeutics (ACRS) Receiving Positive Media Coverage, Analysis Shows Harvey Robinson Sells 10,000 Shares of BancFirst Co. (BANF) Stock Astrotech Corp (ASTC) Earning Favorable Media Coverage, Analysis Shows Doug Benn Sells 16,901 Shares of Cheesecake Factory Inc (CAKE) Stock Nigel Wilson Sells 5,605 Shares of Legal & General Group Plc (LGEN) Stock Boston Advisors LLC Sells 2,948 Shares of Weyerhaeuser Co (WY) WestRock Co (WRK) Issues Earnings Results, Beats Expectations By $0.08 EPS Banco Santander, S.A. (SAN) Rating Lowered to Neutral at Citigroup Inc April 27th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Latisha Jones Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Finance Tweet Banco Santander, S.A. (NYSE:SAN) was downgraded by equities researchers at Citigroup Inc from a “buy” rating to a “neutral” rating in a research note issued on Tuesday. Several other research analysts have also issued reports on the company. Societe Generale assumed coverage on Banco Santander, in a research report on Thursday, February 23rd. They issued a “buy” rating on the stock. Kepler Capital Markets restated a “buy” rating on shares of Banco Santander, in a research report on Wednesday, February 22nd. JPMorgan Chase & Co. restated a “buy” rating on shares of Banco Santander, in a research report on Thursday, April 20th. Zacks Investment Research upgraded Banco Santander, from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $6.75 price target on the stock in a research report on Thursday, March 23rd. Finally, Deutsche Bank AG restated a “buy” rating on shares of Banco Santander, in a research report on Tuesday, March 14th. Two research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, two have issued a hold rating and nine have issued a buy rating to the stock. Banco Santander, has a consensus rating of “Buy” and an average price target of $6.75. Banco Santander, (NYSE:SAN) opened at 6.50 on Tuesday. The firm has a market capitalization of $94.78 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 15.05 and a beta of 1.67. Banco Santander, has a 12 month low of $3.60 and a 12 month high of $6.63. The firm has a 50-day moving average price of $6.02 and a 200 day moving average price of $5.31. The business also recently declared a dividend, which will be paid on Tuesday, May 9th. Stockholders of record on Friday, April 28th will be given a $0.046 dividend. This is a positive change from Banco Santander,’s previous dividend of $0.04. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Wednesday, April 26th. Banco Santander,’s dividend payout ratio (DPR) is currently 38.64%. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY NOTICE: This report was reported by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are reading this report on another website, it was illegally stolen and republished in violation of U.S. & international copyright law. The correct version of this report can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/27/banco-santander-s-a-san-rating-lowered-to-neutral-at-citigroup-inc.html. Several hedge funds and other institutional investors have recently bought and sold shares of the company. Janney Montgomery Scott LLC raised its position in Banco Santander, by 6.6% in the first quarter. Janney Montgomery Scott LLC now owns 106,666 shares of the bank’s stock valued at $647,000 after buying an additional 6,612 shares in the last quarter. Profund Advisors LLC raised its position in Banco Santander, by 51.0% in the first quarter. Profund Advisors LLC now owns 326,306 shares of the bank’s stock valued at $1,981,000 after buying an additional 110,143 shares in the last quarter. Farmers & Merchants Investments Inc. raised its position in Banco Santander, by 2.5% in the first quarter. Farmers & Merchants Investments Inc. now owns 19,694 shares of the bank’s stock valued at $120,000 after buying an additional 485 shares in the last quarter. Weybosset Research & Management LLC raised its position in Banco Santander, by 0.8% in the first quarter. Weybosset Research & Management LLC now owns 34,006 shares of the bank’s stock valued at $206,000 after buying an additional 268 shares in the last quarter. Finally, Capstone Asset Management Co. raised its position in Banco Santander, by 2.7% in the first quarter. Capstone Asset Management Co. now owns 1,231,932 shares of the bank’s stock valued at $7,478,000 after buying an additional 32,160 shares in the last quarter. Institutional investors and hedge funds own 0.61% of the company’s stock. Banco Santander, Company Profile Banco Santander, SA is a retail and commercial bank. The Banks segments include Continental Europe, the United Kingdom, Latin America and the United States. The Continental Europe segment covers all businesses in the Continental Europe. The United Kingdom segment includes the businesses developed by various units and branches in the country. Receive News & Ratings for Banco Santander S.A. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Banco Santander S.A. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Judge Uses Comment by President Trump in Ruling Fight for Border Wall Approaches in Attempt to Avoid Shutdown President Trump Attempting To Repeal ACA Again Vice President Pence Says North Korea Should Not Test U.S. Resolve Trump’s Back and Forth on Economics © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Indiatimes|The Times of India|The Economic Times : HI, My Times LOGOUTSign In Business More Beauty Pageants Photos Videos More Fashion Specials Debate Photos Videos Platinum Times of India More HomeHome Videos City India World Business Tech Cricket Sports Entertainment TV Life & Style Photos TIMES NEWS - RADIO Elections 2017 Delhi MCD 2017 Brandwire Yearender 2016 Good Governance Business India Business International Business Photos Videos PSUs Sectors Sectors Agriculture Aviation Corporate Economy Energy Markets Personal Finance Real Estate Services Telecom Tax Calculator Small Business More ALL News » Business » International Business News » Trump tax cut, ECB questions cool risk rally Jio complementary offer not in sync with regulations: Trai SpiceJet 2nd most valued Indian airline Cash withdrawal limits to go from March 13: RBI PM Modi launches digital payments app BHIM Luxury hotels better off this year than in 2015: Experts Apple's 'conditions' to manufacture iPhones in India IndusInd Q4 net profit up 21% Repo rate unchanged Infosys CEO defends COO's pay Murthy slams Infy COO pay hike Kotak approves fund raising CCI rejects Bayer-Monsanto deal Trump tax cut, ECB questions cool risk rally GLOBAL-MARKETS/ (WRAPUP 5, PIX):GLOBAL MARKETS-Trump tax cut, ECB questions cool risk rallyReuters | Apr 27, 2017, 05.35 PM IST * Shares step back from highs after U.S. tax cut plan * Dollar retreats vs major currencies * Canada dlr, Mexican peso rebound after Trump NAFTA comments * BOJ and ECB stand pat, Draghi conference next focus * European shares snap six-day winning streak * Swedish crown falls as central bank expands bond buying By Marc Jones LONDON, April 27 (Reuters) - A record-setting rally in world stocks ran out of steam on Thursday, with unconvincing U.S. tax cut plans cooling investors' spirits and caution setting in as the European Central Bank met. Europe's main bourses were as much as 0.7 percent lower as traders pulled back after six days of unbroken gains fuelled by relief at the outcome of the first round of France's presidential election and encouraging earnings and data. Wall Street was expected to barely budge when New York reopened while Asia had been groggy too. The Bank of Japan offered its most upbeat economic assessment in nine years, but Asia-Pacific shares ended flat a day after hitting their highest in almost two years. A surprise move by Sweden's central bank to expand its stimulus programme pushed the crown down sharply, while the Canadian dollar and Mexican peso held gains after the U.S. said it would not scrap the North American Free Trade Agreement (NAFTA). But the focus was turning to the ECB and what bank head Mario Draghi and his colleagues have made of a recent upturn in euro zone economic data, underscored while they met as the bloc's economic confidence rose to near a 10-year high. As widely expected, the bank made no changes to its record low interest rates or stimulus programme, so the market reaction to the meeting may hinge on a few crucial words at Draghi's 1230 GMT news conference. "It is possible that the ECB will remove the language stating that the risks (to the economy) remain tilted to the downside," said Mike Bell, Global Market Strategist, JPMorgan Asset Management. Euro zone government bond yields nudged up along with the euro which was at $1.0913 having been as high as $1.0950 this week after pro-EU centrist Emmanuel Macron topped the first round vote in France. Disappointment lingered elsewhere though after Donald Trump's plans to slash U.S. tax rates offered no concrete details on how they would be paid for. Billed beforehand as the biggest tax cut in history, they amounted to little more than a one-page plan and fuelled a suspicion that it could run into opposition from U.S. lawmakers worried about increasing the country's debt levels. "There was virtually no new information, just as expected. He was essentially repeating his campaign promises," said Tomoaki Shishido, senior fixed income strategist at Nomura Securities. DEUTSCHE DOWN The dip in European shares saw them retreat from 20-month highs, with banks, insurers and commodity-related stocks the main drag, although gains in other cyclical industrials on the back of strong earnings kept losses down. Deutsche Bank shares fell as much as 3.5 percent as a drop in its revenues overshadowed a more than doubling of first-quarter net profits. Its shares have nearly doubled though since last year's solvency worries. Upbeat results from SKF, Bayer and Subsea 7 - companies closely geared to economic growth - were cheered as more investors piled into the European recovery story. In emerging markets, the peso made the most ground but Turkey's lira was firing too, hitting its highest since early January as a surprise policy tightening by the country's central bank reassured investors about its resolve on inflation. The S&P 500 ended down fractionally on Wednesday as the questions left by Trump's tax plans overshadowed more upbeat earnings. Weekly U.S. jobless claims data and a report on durable goods are expected at 8:30 a.m. ET (1230 GMT) and Microsoft , Amazon.com and Google parent Alphabet are scheduled to report results after the bell. Overall profits of S&P 500 companies are estimated to have risen 11.8 percent in the first quarter, the most since 2011, according to Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S. China's growth accelerated at the fastest pace since mid-2015 in the January-March quarter, while South Korea on Thursday also reported stronger than expected first-quarter growth, fuelled by improving global demand. Among commodities, industrial metals steadied though oil prices dipped again on concerns about globally bloated markets. Brent futures dropped to $51.23 per barrel, down 59 cents, or 1 percent, from their last close. Brent is almost 9 percent below its April peak. The dollar, meanwhile, clawed up to 111.34 yen but was still down from near a one-month high of 111.78 yen scored on Wednesday. (Additional reporting by Hideyuki Sano in Tokyo; editing by John Stonestreet) Stay updated on the go with Times of India News App. Click here to download it for your device. (This story has not been edited by timesofindia.com and is auto–generated from a syndicated feed we subscribe to.) RELATED From around the web 3 Ways to Clean Like a Pro This Spring Pro Construction Guide | The Home Depot George Clooney Shows Off His Brand New $15 Million Home Lonny What Could Be Causing Your ED? WebMD More from The Times of India Zeenat Aman: Vinod Khanna was an achingly handsome actor Bollywood mourns Vinod Khanna’s demise Naagin Latest Updates & Tweets - The Times of India From the Web More From The Times of India 3 Types of CEOs and Some of the Best HybridsRussell Reynolds Search Firm Here’s Why Guys Are Obsessed With This Underwear…The Weekly Brief | Mack Weldon She Is Considered The Most Beautiful Woman In Her CountryLivingly 9 Worst US States To Retire Due to Taxes, Living Expenses,..TheFinancialWord.com Starting At $189, Powerful Windows 10 Laptops. Shop NowMicrosoft Shikha Singh quits 'Kumkum Bhagya' - Times of India Zaheer Khan announces engagement with Sagarika Ghatge Gurgaon kids show their theatre skills Udaipur boy Kalpit Veerval tops IIT JEE-Main Sachin Tendulkar at MRF Limited in Delhi - Times of India ViewcommentsPost a comment All Comments ()+^ Back to Top Characters Remaining: 3000 Continue without login or Login from existing accountFacebookGoogleEmail Share on FacebookShare on Twitter Refrain from posting comments that are obscene, defamatory or inflammatory, and do not indulge in personal attacks, name calling or inciting hatred against any community. Help us delete comments that do not follow these guidelines by marking them offensive. Let's work together to keep the conversation civil. HIDE+ All CommentsYour Activity SortUpVotedNewestOldestDiscussedDown Voted Be the first one to review. We have sent you a verification email. To verify, just follow the link in the message Follow / Like us at @timesofindia Most Popular Let go of your arrogance, ego for good of country: Former AAP colleague to Arvind Kejriwal Sukma attack: CRPF jawans were having lunch when Maoists ambushed them Oil firms sell petrol at Rs 29 litre, government adds another Rs 48 in taxes Calculate the Impact of Improving Data Effectiveness Ad: Sage Market close: Sensex tanks 104 pts, holds 30,000 A day after scripting history, the domestic stock market lost some momentum and ended in the red owing to profit booking by investors amid expiry of April series F&O contracts. The S&P BSE Sensex shed 104 points to end at 30,029.74, with index heavyweights ITC, HDFC and Axis Bank being the major contributors to the fall. The broader Nifty50 of National Stock Exchange (NSE) settled 10 points down at 9,342.15 with 23 constituents in the green. United Airlines to offer passengers up to $10,000 to surrender seats United Airlines said it would offer passengers who volunteer to forfeit their seats on overbooked flights up to $10,000 as part of the carrier's efforts to repair the damage from the rough removal of a passenger. From around the Web Top Lung Cancer Info - Search For Your Treatment Options Lung Cancer Info - Sponsored Ads Disney's Deep Dark Secrets Are Out PressRoomVIP The Lysosome: Viable Target for Parkinson's? MedPage Today Best Crossover SUV for 2017. Don't Buy Until You See These.. New Crossover Cars | Sponsored Ads More From The Times of India OMG: Kajol gets a surgery to look fair? - Times of India Actor Ravi Baswani passes away - Times of India Bani J sweats it out in the gym like a boss - Times of India Read MoreWall Streetu s taxTurkeytrump naftaTrump Navbharat Times Featured Today In Travel From our Global Partners Sri Lankan shares hit near 7-mth closing high on foreign buying German inflation surpasses ECB target in April European vegetable oil prices 1200 GMT - April 27 Compliance firm Exiger to buy OutsideIQ for $22 mln -source 1Trump tax cut, ECB questions cool risk rally 2Sri Lankan shares hit near 7-mth closing high on foreign buying 3German inflation surpasses ECB target in April 4European vegetable oil prices 1200 GMT - April 27 5Compliance firm Exiger to buy OutsideIQ for $22 mln -source Other Times Group news sites The Economic Times Mumbai Mirror IGN India Hindi Econimic Times Times Now I am Gujarat Pune Mirror Tamil Samayam Bangalore Mirror Maharashtra Times Telugu Samayam Ahmedabad Mirror Go Green Miss Kyra ItsMyAscent Lifehacker India Hindi News Education Times Gizmodo India FILMIPOP Hindi Brand Capital Eisamay Indiatimes Gujarati Econimic Times Vijaya Karnataka Malayalam Samayam Times Food Living and entertainment iDiva MensXP.com Femina Entertainment Grazia Zoom Travel Destinations Filmipop Luxpresso Smartapp Bombay Times Cricbuzz.com Filmfare Online Songs top trends JEE Main Result 2017 RCB vs GL Maruti Q4 Results 2017 Goa Board HSSC Results Sensex  Arvind Kejriwal Kupwara Encounter UDAN Scheme Ashish Nanda Vinod Khanna Pics Vinod Khanna Movies Vinod Khanna passes away services Ads 2 Book Bank Exam App iTimes Entertainment App ET Money Finance App Coupon Duniya Dineout Mobile Recharge Magic Bricks Techgig Times Jobs Bollywood News Times Mobile Zigwheels Remit 2 India TC Next Bikes in India Used Cars Astro Speak Simply Marry GadgetsNow itimes Popular Categories Headlines Sports News Business News India News World News Bollywood News Health & Fitness Tips Indian TV Shows Celebrity Photos hot on the web ICC Champions Trophy CRPF  MCD Results Breaking News Sunny Leone Photos How to get Pregnant Baahubali 2 Review Baahubali 2 UAE Review Baahubali 2 US Collections Trending topics Goa Board Results IPL 2017 IPL Schedule 2017 IPL Points Table Chhota Rajan RCB vs SRH Live Score Baahubali 2 Movie Review xXx Vinod Khanna Death Follow us on facebook twitter google+ rss feed youtube download toi app android iphone BlackBerry ipad windows phone About us Create Your Own Ad Terms of Use and Grievance Redressal Policy Privacy policy Advertise with us RSS Newsletter Feedback ePaper Sitemap Archives Copyright © 2017 Bennett, Coleman & Co. Ltd. All rights reserved. For reprint rights: Times Syndication Service `
Indiatimes|The Times of India|The Economic Times : HI, My Times LOGOUTSign In Business More Beauty Pageants Photos Videos More Fashion Specials Debate Photos Videos Platinum Times of India More HomeHome Videos City India World Business Tech Cricket Sports Entertainment TV Life & Style Photos TIMES NEWS - RADIO Elections 2017 Delhi MCD 2017 Brandwire Yearender 2016 Good Governance Business India Business International Business Photos Videos PSUs Sectors Sectors Agriculture Aviation Corporate Economy Energy Markets Personal Finance Real Estate Services Telecom Tax Calculator Small Business More ALL News » Business » International Business News » Trump tax cut, ECB questions cool risk rally Jio complementary offer not in sync with regulations: Trai SpiceJet 2nd most valued Indian airline Cash withdrawal limits to go from March 13: RBI PM Modi launches digital payments app BHIM Luxury hotels better off this year than in 2015: Experts Apple's 'conditions' to manufacture iPhones in India IndusInd Q4 net profit up 21% Repo rate unchanged Infosys CEO defends COO's pay Murthy slams Infy COO pay hike Kotak approves fund raising CCI rejects Bayer-Monsanto deal Trump tax cut, ECB questions cool risk rally GLOBAL-MARKETS:Trump tax cut, ECB questions cool risk rallyReuters | Apr 27, 2017, 05.35 PM IST By Marc Jones LONDON (Reuters) - A record-setting rally in world stocks ran out of steam on Thursday, with unconvincing U.S. tax cut plans cooling investors' spirits and caution setting in as the European Central Bank met. Europe's main bourses were as much as 0.7 percent lower as traders pulled back after six days of unbroken gains fuelled by relief at the outcome of the first round of France's presidential election and encouraging earnings and data. Wall Street was expected to barely budge when New York reopened [.N] while Asia had been groggy too. The Bank of Japan offered its most upbeat economic assessment in nine years, but Asia-Pacific shares ended flat a day after hitting their highest in almost two years. A surprise move by Sweden's central bank to expand its stimulus programme pushed the crown down sharply, while the Canadian dollar and Mexican peso held gains after the U.S. said it would not scrap the North American Free Trade Agreement (NAFTA). But the focus was turning to the ECB and what bank head Mario Draghi and his colleagues have made of a recent upturn in euro zone economic data, underscored while they met as the bloc's economic confidence rose to near a 10-year high. As widely expected, the bank made no changes to its record low interest rates or stimulus programme, so the market reaction to the meeting may hinge on a few crucial words at Draghi's 1230 GMT news conference. "It is possible that the ECB will remove the language stating that the risks (to the economy) remain tilted to the downside," said Mike Bell, Global Market Strategist, JPMorgan Asset Management. Euro zone government bond yields nudged up along with the euro which was at $1.0913 having been as high as $1.0950 this week after pro-EU centrist Emmanuel Macron topped the first round vote in France. Disappointment lingered elsewhere though after Donald Trump's plans to slash U.S. tax rates offered no concrete details on how they would be paid for. Billed beforehand as the biggest tax cut in history, they amounted to little more than a one-page plan and fuelled a suspicion that it could run into opposition from U.S. lawmakers worried about increasing the country's debt levels. "There was virtually no new information, just as expected. He was essentially repeating his campaign promises," said Tomoaki Shishido, senior fixed income strategist at Nomura Securities. DEUTSCHE DOWN The dip in European shares saw them retreat from 20-month highs, with banks, insurers and commodity-related stocks the main drag, although gains in other cyclical industrials on the back of strong earnings kept losses down. Deutsche Bank shares fell as much as 3.5 percent as a drop in its revenues overshadowed a more than doubling of first-quarter net profits. Its shares have nearly doubled though since last year's solvency worries. Upbeat results from SKF, Bayer and Subsea 7 - companies closely geared to economic growth - were cheered as more investors piled into the European recovery story. In emerging markets, the peso made the most ground but Turkey's lira was firing too, hitting its highest since early January as a surprise policy tightening by the country's central bank reassured investors about its resolve on inflation. The S&P 500 ended down fractionally on Wednesday as the questions left by Trump's tax plans overshadowed more upbeat earnings. Weekly U.S. jobless claims data and a report on durable goods are expected at 8:30 a.m. ET (1230 GMT) and Microsoft, Amazon.com and Google parent Alphabet are scheduled to report results after the bell. Overall profits of S&P 500 companies are estimated to have risen 11.8 percent in the first quarter, the most since 2011, according to Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S. China's growth accelerated at the fastest pace since mid-2015 in the January-March quarter, while South Korea on Thursday also reported stronger than expected first-quarter growth, fuelled by improving global demand. Among commodities, industrial metals steadied though oil prices dipped again on concerns about globally bloated markets. Brent futures dropped to $51.23 per barrel, down 59 cents, or 1 percent, from their last close. Brent is almost 9 percent below its April peak. The dollar, meanwhile, clawed up to 111.34 yen but was still down from near a one-month high of 111.78 yen scored on Wednesday. (Additional reporting by Hideyuki Sano in Tokyo; editing by John Stonestreet) Stay updated on the go with Times of India News App. Click here to download it for your device. (This story has not been edited by timesofindia.com and is auto–generated from a syndicated feed we subscribe to.) RELATED From around the web Unwind with Videos of Winding Dominoes Moodica Best Crossover SUV for 2017. Don't Buy Until You See These.. New Crossover Cars | Sponsored Ads A Clean Slate: The Best Ways to Help your Clients Tidy up .. Pro Construction Guide | The Home Depot More from The Times of India Zeenat Aman: Vinod Khanna was an achingly handsome actor Bollywood mourns Vinod Khanna’s demise Naagin Latest Updates & Tweets - The Times of India From the Web More From The Times of India See The Insane $59 Million Estate Tom Cruise Is SellingLonny 3 Types of CEOs and Some of the Best HybridsRussell Reynolds Search Firm Starting At $189, Powerful Windows 10 Laptops. Shop NowMicrosoft 9 Worst US States To Retire Due to Taxes, Living Expenses,..TheFinancialWord.com The Tallest Women in HollywoodLivingly Shikha Singh quits 'Kumkum Bhagya' - Times of India Zaheer Khan announces engagement with Sagarika Ghatge Gurgaon kids show their theatre skills Udaipur boy Kalpit Veerval tops IIT JEE-Main Sachin Tendulkar at MRF Limited in Delhi - Times of India ViewcommentsPost a comment All Comments ()+^ Back to Top Characters Remaining: 3000 Continue without login or Login from existing accountFacebookGoogleEmail Share on FacebookShare on Twitter Refrain from posting comments that are obscene, defamatory or inflammatory, and do not indulge in personal attacks, name calling or inciting hatred against any community. Help us delete comments that do not follow these guidelines by marking them offensive. Let's work together to keep the conversation civil. HIDE+ All CommentsYour Activity SortUpVotedNewestOldestDiscussedDown Voted Be the first one to review. We have sent you a verification email. To verify, just follow the link in the message Follow / Like us at @timesofindia Most Popular Let go of your arrogance, ego for good of country: Former AAP colleague to Arvind Kejriwal Sukma attack: CRPF jawans were having lunch when Maoists ambushed them Oil firms sell petrol at Rs 29 litre, government adds another Rs 48 in taxes Top Lung Cancer Info - Search For Your Treatment Options Ad: Lung Cancer Info - Sponsored Ads Market close: Sensex tanks 104 pts, holds 30,000 A day after scripting history, the domestic stock market lost some momentum and ended in the red owing to profit booking by investors amid expiry of April series F&O contracts. The S&P BSE Sensex shed 104 points to end at 30,029.74, with index heavyweights ITC, HDFC and Axis Bank being the major contributors to the fall. The broader Nifty50 of National Stock Exchange (NSE) settled 10 points down at 9,342.15 with 23 constituents in the green. United Airlines to offer passengers up to $10,000 to surrender seats United Airlines said it would offer passengers who volunteer to forfeit their seats on overbooked flights up to $10,000 as part of the carrier's efforts to repair the damage from the rough removal of a passenger. From around the Web Here’s Why Guys Are Obsessed With This Underwear… The Weekly Brief | Mack Weldon Disney's Deep Dark Secrets Are Out PressRoomVIP What Could Be Causing Your ED? WebMD Calculate the Impact of Improving Data Effectiveness Sage More From The Times of India OMG: Kajol gets a surgery to look fair? - Times of India Actor Ravi Baswani passes away - Times of India Bani J sweats it out in the gym like a boss - Times of India Read MoreWall Streetvermilion energy incu s taxTurkeytrump nafta Navbharat Times Featured Today In Travel From our Global Partners Sri Lankan shares hit near 7-mth closing high on foreign buying German inflation surpasses ECB target in April European vegetable oil prices 1200 GMT - April 27 Compliance firm Exiger to buy OutsideIQ for $22 mln -source 1Trump tax cut, ECB questions cool risk rally 2Sri Lankan shares hit near 7-mth closing high on foreign buying 3German inflation surpasses ECB target in April 4European vegetable oil prices 1200 GMT - April 27 5Compliance firm Exiger to buy OutsideIQ for $22 mln -source Other Times Group news sites The Economic Times Mumbai Mirror IGN India Hindi Econimic Times Times Now I am Gujarat Pune Mirror Tamil Samayam Bangalore Mirror Maharashtra Times Telugu Samayam Ahmedabad Mirror Go Green Miss Kyra ItsMyAscent Lifehacker India Hindi News Education Times Gizmodo India FILMIPOP Hindi Brand Capital Eisamay Indiatimes Gujarati Econimic Times Vijaya Karnataka Malayalam Samayam Times Food Living and entertainment iDiva MensXP.com Femina Entertainment Grazia Zoom Travel Destinations Filmipop Luxpresso Smartapp Bombay Times Cricbuzz.com Filmfare Online Songs top trends JEE Main Result 2017 RCB vs GL Maruti Q4 Results 2017 Goa Board HSSC Results Sensex  Arvind Kejriwal Kupwara Encounter UDAN Scheme Ashish Nanda Vinod Khanna Pics Vinod Khanna Movies Vinod Khanna passes away services Ads 2 Book Bank Exam App iTimes Entertainment App ET Money Finance App Coupon Duniya Dineout Mobile Recharge Magic Bricks Techgig Times Jobs Bollywood News Times Mobile Zigwheels Remit 2 India TC Next Bikes in India Used Cars Astro Speak Simply Marry GadgetsNow itimes Popular Categories Headlines Sports News Business News India News World News Bollywood News Health & Fitness Tips Indian TV Shows Celebrity Photos hot on the web ICC Champions Trophy CRPF  MCD Results Breaking News Sunny Leone Photos How to get Pregnant Baahubali 2 Review Baahubali 2 UAE Review Baahubali 2 US Collections Trending topics Goa Board Results IPL 2017 IPL Schedule 2017 IPL Points Table Chhota Rajan RCB vs SRH Live Score Baahubali 2 Movie Review xXx Vinod Khanna Death Follow us on facebook twitter google+ rss feed youtube download toi app android iphone BlackBerry ipad windows phone About us Create Your Own Ad Terms of Use and Grievance Redressal Policy Privacy policy Advertise with us RSS Newsletter Feedback ePaper Sitemap Archives Copyright © 2017 Bennett, Coleman & Co. Ltd. All rights reserved. For reprint rights: Times Syndication Service `
Photos Videos Topics Live Cricket Score Home India Mumbai Delhi World Business Technology Sports IPL Entertainment Bollywood Hollywood Television Lifestyle Education & Careers TRENDING# Vinod Khanna Udan Vijay Mallya Donald Trump IPL 2017 News Business News GLOBAL MARKETS-Trump tax cut, ECB questions cool risk rally Shares1 Thu, 27 Apr 2017-05:38pm , Reuters A record-setting rally in world stocks ran out of steam on Thursday, with unconvincing U.S. tax cut plans cooling investors' spirits and caution setting in as the European Central Bank met. Europe's main bourses were as much as 0.7 percent lower as traders pulled back after six days of unbroken gains fuelled by relief at the outcome of the first round of France's presidential election and encouraging earnings and data. Wall Street was expected to barely budge when New York reopened while Asia had been groggy too. The Bank of Japan offered its most upbeat economic assessment in nine years, but Asia-Pacific shares ended flat a day after hitting their highest in almost two years. A surprise move by Sweden's central bank to expand its stimulus programme pushed the crown down sharply, while the Canadian dollar and Mexican peso held gains after the U.S. said it would not scrap the North American Free Trade Agreement (NAFTA). But the focus was turning to the ECB and what bank head Mario Draghi and his colleagues have made of a recent upturn in euro zone economic data, underscored while they met as the bloc's economic confidence rose to near a 10-year high. As widely expected, the bank made no changes to its record low interest rates or stimulus programme, so the market reaction to the meeting may hinge on a few crucial words at Draghi's 1230 GMT news conference. "It is possible that the ECB will remove the language stating that the risks (to the economy) remain tilted to the downside," said Mike Bell, Global Market Strategist, JPMorgan Asset Management. Euro zone government bond yields nudged up along with the euro which was at $1.0913 having been as high as $1.0950 this week after pro-EU centrist Emmanuel Macron topped the first round vote in France. Disappointment lingered elsewhere though after Donald Trump's plans to slash U.S. tax rates offered no concrete details on how they would be paid for. Billed beforehand as the biggest tax cut in history, they amounted to little more than a one-page plan and fuelled a suspicion that it could run into opposition from U.S. lawmakers worried about increasing the country's debt levels. "There was virtually no new information, just as expected. He was essentially repeating his campaign promises," said Tomoaki Shishido, senior fixed income strategist at Nomura Securities. DEUTSCHE DOWN The dip in European shares saw them retreat from 20-month highs, with banks, insurers and commodity-related stocks the main drag, although gains in other cyclical industrials on the back of strong earnings kept losses down. Deutsche Bank shares fell as much as 3.5 percent as a drop in its revenues overshadowed a more than doubling of first-quarter net profits. Its shares have nearly doubled though since last year's solvency worries. Upbeat results from SKF, Bayer and Subsea 7 - companies closely geared to economic growth - were cheered as more investors piled into the European recovery story. In emerging markets, the peso made the most ground but Turkey's lira was firing too, hitting its highest since early January as a surprise policy tightening by the country's central bank reassured investors about its resolve on inflation. The S&P 500 ended down fractionally on Wednesday as the questions left by Trump's tax plans overshadowed more upbeat earnings. Weekly U.S. jobless claims data and a report on durable goods are expected at 8:30 a.m. ET (1230 GMT) and Microsoft , Amazon.com and Google parent Alphabet are scheduled to report results after the bell. Overall profits of S&P 500 companies are estimated to have risen 11.8 percent in the first quarter, the most since 2011, according to Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S. China's growth accelerated at the fastest pace since mid-2015 in the January-March quarter, while South Korea on Thursday also reported stronger than expected first-quarter growth, fuelled by improving global demand. Among commodities, industrial metals steadied though oil prices dipped again on concerns about globally bloated markets. Brent futures dropped to $51.23 per barrel, down 59 cents, or 1 percent, from their last close. Brent is almost 9 percent below its April peak. The dollar, meanwhile, clawed up to 111.34 yen but was still down from near a one-month high of 111.78 yen scored on Wednesday. (Additional reporting by Hideyuki Sano in Tokyo; editing by John Stonestreet) (This article has not been edited by DNA's editorial team and is auto-generated from an agency feed.) TOP TOP   Comments   Also Read Money How travel cover can be an indispensible companion away from home Money Paytm sets sights on Digital Gold Money Returns, not label, matter in funds both value and growth Money Hudco to raise Rs 1,200 cr in first PSU IPO in five years Money Go on a world tour…virtually Money As Gypsy heads for sunset, Storme arrives Next Article > All 78 crew rescued from Russian navy ship, in good health: Turkish minister Live Cricket Score Kolkata Knight Riders vs Delhi Daredevils Fri, 28 April 2017, 04:00 PM IST Next node All 78 crew rescued from Russian navy ship, in good health: Turkish minister Related Akshaya Tritiya: Experts suggest gold bonds over physical gold No private firm will buy Railways, given the public service obligation: Suresh Prabhhu MNCs pull out of stent race, domestic players unfazed Video WATCH: Baby elephant joins its mother in the cutest elephant attack on safari visitors! WATCH | #EarthDayWithDNA: Would you treat a person the way you treat the environment? Wayward cows and roadside dancing: WATCH this hilarious spoof of 'Fast and Furious' in India! View all Tags Europe Asia-Pacific Donald Trump France Bank of Japan Bayer Deutsche Bank Emmanuel Macron Google Microsoft New York Nomura Securities SKF South Korea Sweden Thomson Reuters Tokyo Turkey U. S. Central Bank Deutsche ECB S&P Amazon Free Trade Agreement Hideyuki Sano JPMorgan Asset Management John Stonestreet Mario Draghi Mike Bell Nafta S. China Thomson Reuters I/B/E Tomoaki Shishido Wall Street SITE INDEX About DNA Contact us Investors Advertise Reprint Rights News Time for decisive action, not rhetoric: Cong on Kupwara attack Half of Scots don't want independence vote before Brexit - YouGov poll UP STF raids petrol pumps, eight caught using cheating chip Cyprus President Nicos Anastasiades @ 4/28/2017 12:33:40 PM Arunachal Pradesh monastery sets aside forest area as CCA Sport Soccer-Bullet point previews of Premier League matches 10-man United hold Man City to scoreless stalemate in PL clash 7th Junior Women's Hockey C'ship- Andhra Pradesh beat Bengal 9-2 Soccer-Bullet point previews of Premier League matches Soccer-Bullet point previews of Premier League matches Entertainment Baahubali 2 Review: Despite a disappointing climax, the SS Rajamouli film is engaging and deserves to be seen! Rishi Kapoor tears into Gen Y stars for ditching Vinod Khanna's funeral Fans 'cannot wait' to know 'Why Kattapa killed Baahubali' Laverne Cox to guest judge 'America's Got Talent' season 12 OMG! Saif Ali Khan's Langda Tyagi from 'Omkara' to have a film of its own! Money GST to push India's growth but bad loans still a problem: IMF Jaitley promises no surprises in GST rate fixation Upsurge in demand lifts refined soya oil futures by 0.35% GST to push India's growth to over eight per cent: IMF Just Eat's chairman takes leave of absence for medical treatment Partner site: Zee News ©2017 Diligent Media Corporation Ltd.
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad Trump tax cut, ECB questions cool risk rally By Reuters Published: 08:05 EDT, 27 April 2017 | Updated: 08:05 EDT, 27 April 2017 e-mail By Marc Jones LONDON, April 27 (Reuters) - A record-setting rally in world stocks ran out of steam on Thursday, with unconvincing U.S. tax cut plans cooling investors' spirits and caution setting in as the European Central Bank met. Europe's main bourses were as much as 0.7 percent lower as traders pulled back after six days of unbroken gains fuelled by relief at the outcome of the first round of France's presidential election and encouraging earnings and data. Wall Street was expected to barely budge when New York reopened while Asia had been groggy too. The Bank of Japan offered its most upbeat economic assessment in nine years, but Asia-Pacific shares ended flat a day after hitting their highest in almost two years. A surprise move by Sweden's central bank to expand its stimulus programme pushed the crown down sharply, while the Canadian dollar and Mexican peso held gains after the U.S. said it would not scrap the North American Free Trade Agreement (NAFTA). But the focus was turning to the ECB and what bank head Mario Draghi and his colleagues have made of a recent upturn in euro zone economic data, underscored while they met as the bloc's economic confidence rose to near a 10-year high. As widely expected, the bank made no changes to its record low interest rates or stimulus programme, so the market reaction to the meeting may hinge on a few crucial words at Draghi's 1230 GMT news conference. "It is possible that the ECB will remove the language stating that the risks (to the economy) remain tilted to the downside," said Mike Bell, Global Market Strategist, JPMorgan Asset Management. Euro zone government bond yields nudged up along with the euro which was at $1.0913 having been as high as $1.0950 this week after pro-EU centrist Emmanuel Macron topped the first round vote in France. Disappointment lingered elsewhere though after Donald Trump's plans to slash U.S. tax rates offered no concrete details on how they would be paid for. Billed beforehand as the biggest tax cut in history, they amounted to little more than a one-page plan and fuelled a suspicion that it could run into opposition from U.S. lawmakers worried about increasing the country's debt levels. "There was virtually no new information, just as expected. He was essentially repeating his campaign promises," said Tomoaki Shishido, senior fixed income strategist at Nomura Securities. DEUTSCHE DOWN The dip in European shares saw them retreat from 20-month highs, with banks, insurers and commodity-related stocks the main drag, although gains in other cyclical industrials on the back of strong earnings kept losses down. Deutsche Bank shares fell as much as 3.5 percent as a drop in its revenues overshadowed a more than doubling of first-quarter net profits. Its shares have nearly doubled though since last year's solvency worries. Upbeat results from SKF, Bayer and Subsea 7 - companies closely geared to economic growth - were cheered as more investors piled into the European recovery story. In emerging markets, the peso made the most ground but Turkey's lira was firing too, hitting its highest since early January as a surprise policy tightening by the country's central bank reassured investors about its resolve on inflation. The S&amp;P 500 ended down fractionally on Wednesday as the questions left by Trump's tax plans overshadowed more upbeat earnings. Weekly U.S. jobless claims data and a report on durable goods are expected at 8:30 a.m. ET (1230 GMT) and Microsoft , Amazon.com and Google parent Alphabet are scheduled to report results after the bell. Overall profits of S&amp;P 500 companies are estimated to have risen 11.8 percent in the first quarter, the most since 2011, according to Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S. China's growth accelerated at the fastest pace since mid-2015 in the January-March quarter, while South Korea on Thursday also reported stronger than expected first-quarter growth, fuelled by improving global demand. Among commodities, industrial metals steadied though oil prices dipped again on concerns about globally bloated markets. Brent futures dropped to $51.23 per barrel, down 59 cents, or 1 percent, from their last close. Brent is almost 9 percent below its April peak. The dollar, meanwhile, clawed up to 111.34 yen but was still down from near a one-month high of 111.78 yen scored on Wednesday. (Additional reporting by Hideyuki Sano in Tokyo; editing by John Stonestreet) Share or comment on this article e-mail Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS Is the Instagram queen's reign over? Kim Kardashian loses 100,000 followers as she faces backlash over THOSE unairbrushed bikini snaps Jennifer Lopez leaves little to the imagination as she goes sans underwear in TWO DARING sheer cutaway gowns at Billboard Latin Music Awards 'I miss your face': Pregnant Ferne McCann breaks social media silence to like 'long-distance relationship' post... after ex is charged for acid attack 'I take 100 pictures': Rosie Huntington-Whiteley reveals her selfie secrets in sexy shoot... and admits that even SHE is insecure about her looks 'The pressure is on': Kim Kardashian reveals she's stressed out over what to do for Kanye West's 40th birthday A lot to live up to with her romantic husband Time for tea! Afternoon tea is BACK, and here are the yummiest cakes making it 2017's most delicious trend SPONSORED Lime-a-Rita! Ora boldly wraps herself in gaudy bright green dress with split back for Big Love gala She's no stranger to flaunting her body Now that's a football strip! Myleene Klass shares racy snap appearing to show her naked in an Arsenal scarf... before quickly deleting it  Got something to prove? Kylie Jenner posts series of snaps showing off her slender mid-section after being accused of photoshopping her waist Beautiful in Brazil! Kate Moss looks ravishing in crushed velvet gown as she hosts Sao Paulo amFAR gala Was a vision Udder cream, concealer and NO surgery: At 76 years old she's still turning heads, but what IS the secret to Raquel Welch's ageless beauty? She's got some front! Orange Is The New Black star Jackie Cruz puts on eye-popping display in plunging dress at Billboard Latin Music Awards Naked ambition! Eva Longoria goes braless as she wears revealing jacket in bid to steal show at Billboard Latin Music Awards What happened? Star Wars legend Billy Dee Williams is in a wheelchair at LAX weeks after turning 80 Played Lando Calrissian in the Star Wars films Meet the parents! Ashton Kutcher and Mila Kunis enjoy quality time with her mother and father after surprising them in home makeover episode 'I did ask her to marry me!' Scott Disick reveals he once proposed to Kourtney Kardashian after being grilled by sisters Kim and Khloe Davina McCall reveals she's twice called her GP in tears fearing she had Alzheimer's aged just 49 after both her father and grandmother had dementia Nothing to smile about? Kendall Jenner keeps straight face as she leaves LA studio wearing cropped shirt and leggings Katie Holmes dons plunging purple Fabiana Milazzo gown for the Sao Paulo amFAR Gala It was a racier look for the 38-year-old actress 'If only my husband wasn't blocking you in this shot': Blake Lively teases Ryan Reynolds and claims John Legend is 'most influential' man in her life Prints charming! Sofia Vergara flashes cleavage in plunging floral dress as she steps out for lunch in Beverly Hills Meghan's toe-curling turkeys! From a cleaner who works in her undies to a vicious cage fighter, the roles Harry's actress girlfriend would rather forget  Lil' Kim dons lacy jumpsuit and gold thigh-high boots for Can't Stop, Won't Stop premiere at Tribeca Wow factor on the red carpet Vin Diesel shows off his Fast And Furious rapping skills as he joins Nicky Jam at Billboard Latin Music Awards The Fate of the Furious star  Aaron Taylor-Johnson, 26, is dapper in black at premiere of The Wall with wife Sam, 50... after suggesting he might quit acting to focus on fatherhood EXCLUSIVE Rita Ora puts on sizzling display as she strips down to her bikini to model Tezenis' new beachwear collection...after teasing a glimpse at her assets  Diva's day off! Mariah Carey ditches the glamour as she steps out for surprisingly casual day of jewelry shopping in Beverly Hills 'It was cool': Emma Watson reveals going to 'princess boot camp' to prepare for Beauty And The Beast Plays Belle in the box office hit 'I had no idea the amount of hate': Ellen DeGeneres reflects on the 'scary time' that followed her landmark coming-out show 20 years ago She sheer likes him! Emma Roberts flashes flesh in see-through dress as she gazes adoringly at Evan Peters on red carpet Flawless! Olivia Wilde shows off svelte figure in sleeveless black dress at Broadway opening Will make her own Broadway debut soon Gwen Stefani 'ruptures' her eardrum and forced to cancel live Las Vegas performance on 'doctors orders' Shock medical drama for singer Feeling nippy? Transgender model Andreja Pejic goes braless and dons sheer frock at annual Big Love Gala Pregnant Alex Gerrard keeps her baby bump under wraps in low key sweater as she  heads to the salon... weeks before birth of her fourth child Facts Of Life star Charlotte Rae diagnosed with bone cancer at 91... seven years after surviving pancreatic disease Denim days: Cindy Crawford shows off her model legs in skinny jeans as she enjoys some retail therapy with husband Rande Gerber Trophy wife! Z: The Beginning of Everything star Christina Ricci stuns in circle-print dress at Amazon Studios Emmy consideration event Newly-engaged Nikki Bella flaunts more than her diamond in cleavage-baring dress while joined by fiance John Cena at The Wall premiere Chrissy Teigen suits up in dusty pink two-piece for Smirnoff event... and reveals her favorite hangover cure Has plenty of tips Hot metal! Model Coco Rocha wears a silver strapless dress to a star-studded charity event in New York City All that glitters isn't always gold 'No one should have a camera in their face from 17 to 22!' Kristin Cavallari wows in leather bralet after admitting The Hills makes her cringe Seal claims he has NEVER read the countless media reports linking him to Delta Goodrem... but admits the Voice judges do have 'history' together Naomi Watts finds a fan who got her steamy same-sex Mulholland Drive scene tattooed on his chest and pulls down his shirt to expose the ink 'Bachelor' star Chris Soules' new legal team says he 'did everything' to save his neighbor after fatal crash and DENIES that he fled the scene afterward 'I made my stomach so tiny that I could eat two bites and be full': Former TOWIE star Harry Derbidge speaks candidly about his eating disorder battle PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Still heating up the beach! Baywatch vet Donna D'Errico, 49, looks sizzling in signature red bathing suit as she hits Malibu Little Minx! Leather-clad Jade Thirlwall channels her inner dominatrix in thigh-high boots as she appears to WHIP herself in a saucy Instagram video 'It's confusing': Defiant Lauren Goodger claims 'pap pictures' make her look bigger than she is in lengthy tirade... after being accused of doctoring her snaps Can't blame this on the wind! Bella Hadid flashes dainty lace bra in hoodie that's missing a FRONT as she leaves NYC building Bizarre white top Busty is the new black! Jackie Cruz flaunts her figure in a barely there one-piece while on the beach in Miami The actress let it all hang out Pregnant Laura Kenny tenderly cradles her baby bump while going solo at the BT Sport Industry Awards... as she and Jessica Ennis-Hill lead the glamour She's a party princess! Beatrice of York dazzles in a tasseled jacket as she arrives at the Sport Industry Awards for her third consecutive night out this week Pregnant Danielle Lloyd shows off her baby bump in a chic white minidress and primrose yellow jacket as she attends salon opening Still sizzling at 46! Uma Thurman appears youthful in flattering blue bathing suit as she poses away like a Hollywood pinup on Florida beach Hey Pretty Woman! Rita Ora flashes her NIPPLES in sheer vest and fetish PVC outfit as she rocks her raciest look yet for sexy photoshoot  Disney star Michael Mantenuto, 35, from the 2004 Kurt Russell hockey film Miracle, is found dead in his car after shooting himself Tragic Dancing Queen Shirley Ballas 'tipped to be new SCD head judge'... after falling foul of Strictly curse when her husband was seduced by Kristina Rhianoff 'Don't you care about their teeth?' Katie Price slammed on Instagram for sharing photo of Jet, three, and Bunny, two drinking juice from bottles instead of cups 'We're all bursting with love!' Ronan Keating becomes a father for the fourth time as wife Storm gives birth to a baby boy Their first child together Pre-wedding workout, Pippa? As her nuptials draw near Miss Middleton shows off her shapely legs as she visits her exclusive Kensington gym SEBASTIAN SHAKESPEARE: Fergie and her girls sing for their supper at launch of luxury £200million City hotel  £200 million venture  SEBASTIAN SHAKESPEARE: First she 'borrowed' a friend's boyfriend... now Mariella Frostrup invites a girlfriend to share her marital home Brooklyn Beckham keeps things casual for a low-key dinner at The Chiltern Firehouse... as he steers clear of the driver's seat on his way home Sheepish Orlando Bloom steps out for the first time after causing furore by calling himself a 'pikey' live on radio The BBC were forced to apologise on his behalf Barbie's finally found her Ken! Chloe Khan flaunts her ample bust in a peach gown as she shares a smooch with fellow surgery addict Rodrigo Alves Don't tell Phil! Holly Willoughby goes bananas as she shows off her VERY naughty side during X-rated party game with gal pal Fearne Cotton Amber Heard and boyfriend Elon Musk enjoy a series of dates on the Gold Coast ... after her 2015 stay ended in controversy over pet dogs PIERS MORGAN: The week Kim hit rock bottom and finally made me realise I no longer wish to keep up with her or any of the greedy, cynical Kardashian clan 'She doesn't want to talk to me... It's sad': Caitlyn Jenner claims it's been TWO YEARS since she's spoken to Khloe Kardashian Wrecked relationship 'Pregnant' Missé Beqiri shows off her peachy posterior in a thong bikini as she hits the beach in Ibiza with boyfriend Jake Hall A day of fun in the sun 'Us, in Milan': Gigi Hadid unveils candid selfie with Zayn Malik as part of her V magazine pop up Photo Journal Was commissioned to take pictures Una Healy flashes her tanned and toned legs in a dazzling black gown with thigh high split as she judges fashion competition Turned heads Pretty as a petal! Lea Michele plays the girl next store in cute pink floral dress... after sharing risque shot of herself in underwear Personification of pretty Busty Katie Salmon teases a look at her more than ample assets in a slinky pencil dress... as she joins a demure Charlotte Dawson for VIP launch in Liverpool Candice Swanepoel steps out without her engagement ring and bares her belly six months after baby Engaged to Hermann Nicoli since 2015 'I'll see you at the bar': Scarlett Johansson invites doppelganger grandmother Geraldine to come for a drink at her latest premiere Lookalikes Presenter Hayley McQueen almost bursts out of her dress as she struggles with her glitzy gold frock at Sport Industry Awards Looked breathtaking Fringe benefits! Naomi Watts debuts 'fresh haircut' and stylised bangs in behind-the-scenes snap of Twin Peaks  New look 'It makes me so MAD!' Anais Gallagher publicly SLAMS supermodel Bella Hadid on Twitter for wearing fur Just like outspoken dad Noel Rosie Huntington-Whiteley shows off her enviably toned figure as she smoulders in sizzling pre-pregnancy shoot for her new swimwear range Art attack! Demi Lovato debuts her massive lion hand tattoo as she stuns in gold silk dress at WE Day in LA Showed off the formidable feline 'I wanna be the fittest I've ever been': Ex-Geordie Shore star Holly Hagan shares sizzling snap of her gym-honed figure in sexy plunging lingerie set Ashley James cuts a demure figure in a navy pencil dress at jewellery party... a day after she was 'slut-shamed' by a 'sexist' taxi driver for her racy outfit REVEALED: Billionaire Elon Musk 'gave Amber Heard a Tesla during months-long campaign to woo her' The best gifts are the ones you make yourself Enjoying the Views! Shirtless Drake shares a shot of himself at the SAME luxury Caribbean resort his ex Jennifer Lopez and her new beau Alex Rodriguez stayed Making herself right at home! Lauren Pope nestles up to former flame Dan Edgar as she makes a comeback to TOWIE in stomach-baring coords Brad Pitt 'enjoys a fun family dinner with his six kids as they all stay overnight with him for the first time since split with Angelina Jolie' Quality time BAZ BAMIGBOYE: It's All About Cate Blanchett in Bette Davis remake Hollywood star Blanchett will play Margo Channing in a  stage version of All About Eve BBC forced to apologise after Orlando Bloom says the word 'pikey' live on radio show... as 'respectful' actor claims he meant no harm Model behaviour! Lottie Moss storms the catwalk with Sofia Richie for the star-studded Samanatha Thavasa Millenials Show in Tokyo 'I'm afraid of everything': Kim Kardashian panics as crowd assembles during shopping outing... months after horrific robbery in Paris 'Are you and Mariah still sleeping together?': Nick Cannon gets grilled by Wendy Williams about close relationship with his diva ex  Opening up 'I believe she's been through hell': Nicole Contreras takes a swipe at Stephen Belafonte amid divorce with Mel B... as she supports former Spice Girl How sweet it is: Reese Witherspoon is cheery in cherry blouse tucked into white mini skirt while heading to LA office Playful look That's what she likes! Newly-single Janet Jackson takes brother Randy to a Bruno Mars concert as she takes a break from caring for her baby son Karen Gillan insists both she and her Jumanji character Ruby share fans' annoyance at her sexy jungle get up 'but it's for a reason' Shared her response Family rivalry! Melissa Benoist films Supergirl versus Superman fight scene for TV series soaking wet in Vancouver EXCLUSIVE: 'He thought I was a prostitute!': Holly Willoughby reveals she was propositioned by a stranger on drunken night out Bake Off's Prue Leith blasts modern parents who over-indulge their children by 'consulting' them on everything from meals to bed times  New judge BAZ BAMIGBOYE: Harry Potter stage star Noma Dumezweni will work her magic in The Hague   Will star in new eight-part drama Clearly amazing! Christina Milian shows off shapely legs in tight black leggings with sheer panels as she hikes in LA Out and about 'I just kept my t*t out!' Amy Schumer explains how she took the awkwardness out of topless scenes in new movie Snatched with Goldie Hawn Quality time! Sean Penn makes rare appearance with model daughter Dylan Frances as they grab iced tea in LA Daddy-daughter day Just kidding! Selena Gomez heads to WE Day with shoulder length hair after tricking fans into believing she had gone the big chop   Back to normal Justin Bieber's protégé Madison Beer nails the ripped-jean look when hanging out with Selena Gomez and Demi Lovato at WE Day Fashion forward Stepping up! Jenna Dewan flashes toned tum in sexy black two-piece dress while out in LA In Los Angeles on Thursday Sophie Turner slips into skinny jeans as she arrives in Berlin to shoot a movie before continuing work on Game Of Thrones Jetted across the planet  Millie Mackintosh shows off her toned abs in a crop top and scarlet trouser suit as she enjoys date night with beau Hugo Taylor  Red hot 'I had to put a little milk box in my bra': Kim Kardashian reveals she had to pretend to BREASTFEED North, three, so she wouldn't get jealous of Saint, one 'This is dangerous...' Kate Hudson grills mom Goldie Hawn on not giving her advice, dancing on tables and why never to dream of being an actor 'It's no less offensive than anything on SNL': Joseph Fiennes defends Michael Jackson role in controversial spoof... after it was scrapped following complaints Precious cargo! Amanda Seyfried holds on tight to month-old baby daughter as she strolls in LA with her mom Held her close 'We're going to set the world on fire!' Tom Hanks says he has 'top secret plans' to celebrate 29th wedding anniversary with wife Rita Wilson Amber Rose puts on a VERY busty display in tiny feather-trimmed pink mini dress as she parties the night away with pals Not tutu sweet after all T.I. 'served with divorce papers' from estranged wife Tameka 'Tiny' Cottle-Harris...months after she files documents to end marriage Nothing to see here, Kylie! Newly-single Tyga gets cosy with rumoured new love interest Jordan Ozuna as he wraps his arms around lookalike in LA Backlash! Katy Perry's fans voice their anger over her new single Bon Appetit which features 'homophobic' rap group Migos Not happy Geordie Shore's Marnie Simpson flaunts her ample cleavage in a push up bra as she shares racy video Shared a rather racy snap of her push up bra  Slimline Vicky Pattison flaunts her fantastic figure and toned stomach in a bright pink bikini Showing off her fantastic figure in pink EXCLUSIVE: He taught Faye Dunaway to swim and Grace Kelley visited as a princess - ex-pool manager at the Beverly Hills Hotel shares Hollywood secrets Sacré bleu! Explicit drama Versailles continues to shock as Anna Brewster strips off for a bath... and takes part in sadomasochistic sex scene 'I KNEW he did it': Caitlyn Jenner says OJ Simpson was guilty and reveals Kourtney and Kim struggled with their dad defending the man accused of murder Walk on the wild side! Au naturale Alicia Keys wears bold animal print on WE Day red carpet  The 36-year-old singer strutted her stuff at the event Formula Wonder! Jenson Button's model girlfriend Brittny Ward sets pulses racing as she shares sizzling shot of herself posing in a skimpy blue bikini  Calling all Little Monsters! Lady Gaga invites her fans to be extras in her new film A Star Is Born with Bradley Cooper Unique opportunity 'I would love to do another Austin Powers,' reveals Mike Myers as cast spill behind-the-scenes secrets 20 years after original Considering another James Earl Jones, 86, set to receive special lifetime achievement honor at Tony Awards The 86-year-old will be honoured for his longstanding career 'I actually invented Lemonade so it should be free': Candid Polaroid of pregnant Beyonce ordering food is turned into a hilarious viral meme 'I'm going to throw up': Holly Willoughby is left retching after expert claims picking your nose and eating it is good for your health Left feeling repulsed Makeup-free Shannen Doherty keeps her cap low during sushi date in Malibu with husband Kurt Iswarienko after completing painful chemotherapy 'The luckiest girl in the whole world!' Gotham star Jessica Lucas flashes new ring as she announces engagement to butcher Alex Jermasek Leopard lady: Dakota Johnson shows her animal instincts in spotted coat as she's seen at LAX airport Inside Los Angeles International Airport RHOA star Kenya Moore no shows hearing as judge nixes restraining on ex-boyfriend Matt Jordan Lawyer claims she  couldn't locate him Friendly exes! Mindy Kaling looks stylish in red patterned top as she pals around with former flame B.J.Novak Their friendship is still strong She's a long way from Downton Abbey! Lily James goes completely NAKED as she romps with Jai Courtney in gritty WWII movie The Exception Now that's puppy love! Nina Dobrev introduces her cute new fur baby Mrs Maverick (who already has her own Instagram account) Adorable Sister act! Mary-Kate and Ashley Olsen match in head-to-toe black as they step out in New York Continuing fashion world domination 'I was materialistic': Kim Kardashian breaks down as she reveals how Paris robbery has changed her in first TV interview... but she's still flogging Kimoji merch Perky Kourtney Kardashian puts the underboob trend on trial AGAIN in sporty navy bikini as she goes jet skiing in Mexico Celebrating her 38th Kim Kardashian flaunts her cleavage and curvaceous figure in plunging crop top and skimpy bottoms in Mexico... after slamming haters in airbrush rant Pretty in pink! Hilary Duff makes a leggy impression as she films show Younger in New York  Filming on the night shoot 'I was scared to talk about it': Sadie Frost reveals she hid her 'crippling' battle with anxiety and panic attacks over fears of being misunderstood 'I've realised how unfit I've become!' New mum Paloma Faith wows in a flattering red ensemble as she performs onstage for the first time since giving birth Party pooper! Rapper PartyNextDoor UNFOLLOWS Zayn Malik from social media and DELETES all traces of their collaboration on new single Still Got Time Shooting caps! Cillian Murphy returns to the set of Peaky Blinders for dramatic fourth season... and is immediately dragged into gunfight EXCLUSIVE: Threesomes, a prostitute and Sean Connery's suit - how George Lazenby conned his way into playing James Bond is revealed The dogfather! Robert De Niro, 73, tries out some filters as he makes his Snapchat debut during Tribeca Film Festival 'You looking at me?' IT'S FRIDAY MUSIC: Damon and Noel bury the hatchet as Gorillaz swing into action with a must-buy album Have re-animated the four fictional characters It's a real blast! The craziest comic book heroes in the Guardians of the Galaxy are back with laughs, tears and another stonking 70s soundtrack 'We're all so hard on ourselves!': Bachelor vet Jillian Harris speaks out about 'mommy guilt' as she balances newborn with reality TV career 'Having a family is the meaning of life': Paris Hilton reveals she wants to have children with boyfriend Chris Zylka Considered taking things to the next level Chloe Lattanzi can barely contain her assets in plunging tank top after asking people to focus on her career instead of judging her for 'sexy Instagram pics 'Give us an album!' Fans left stunned by Rumer Willis vocals after she channels Amy Winehouse singing Crazy Crazy for You on Empire Laverne Cox stuns in pink duster over jumpsuit at WE Day celebration in LA... as it's revealed she is joining AGT as guest judge  Ready for a snooze? Olympia Valance wears a silky pyjama-inspired outfit on the red carpet at YSL Beauty Club event Pushed the envelope Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
Home Markets Companies Opinion Politics Technology Specials PF Portfolio My Page GST Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll North East West South Election News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page GST Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page GST Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page GST BS APPS iPad iPhone Android Wap BS PRODUCTS Smart Investor BS Hindi BS Motoring BS Books Today's Paper BS SPECIALS B2B Connect Power & Energy SME BS E-Paper Bs Learning Hi, Change Password Subscribe Sign out Change Password Manage My Account Sign out SIGN IN Subscribe               TRENDING ON BS #TelecomWars #Demonetisation #ElectionResults2017 #GST #AssemblyElections2017 News Stock Quote Authors  News    Stock Quote    Authors You are here: Home » Reuters » News TVS Motor fourth quarter profit falls about 7 percent, but beats estimates Business Standard Trump tax cut caution, ECB meeting cools risk rally Reuters  |  LONDON  April 27, 2017 Last Updated at 14:49 IST email this article Message: Recipients' Email: Type address separated by commas Your Email: Enter the characters shown in the image. Send me a copy:   http://mybs.in/2UV4LGY ALSO READ Global Markets - "Trump trades" on boost to economic growth come back with a bang Global Markets - Banks, earnings, German data keep European stocks in the red Global Markets - Banks, weak German data keep European stocks in the red Trump tax cut doubts hit global stocks, lift yen vs dollar Global Markets - Euro dips as price data further dampens ECB hike expectations By Marc Jones LONDON (Reuters) - A record-setting rally in world stocks ran out of steam on Thursday, with unconvincing U.S. tax cut plans cooling investors' spirits and caution setting in as the European Central Bank met. Europe's main bourses were as much as 0.7 percent lower as traders pulled back after six days of unbroken gains fuelled by relief at the outcome of the first round of France's presidential election and encouraging earnings and economic data. [.EU] Asia felt groggy too. The Bank of Japan offered its most upbeat economic assessment in nine years but Asia-Pacific shares ended flat a day after hitting their highest in almost two years. A surprise move by Sweden to expand its stimulus programme pushed the crown down sharply, and the Canadian dollar and Mexican peso jumped as the U.S. said it would not scrap the North American Free Trade Agreement. But the focus was turning to the ECB and what its head Mario Draghi and his colleagues have made of the recent improvement in euro zone economic data. The bank is not expected to make any changes to its record low interest rates or mass-stimulus programme, so market reaction to this meeting may hinge on just a few crucial words. "It is possible that the ECB will remove the language stating that the risks (to the economy) "remain tilted to the downside," said Mike Bell, Global Market Strategist, JPMorgan Asset Management. Euro zone government bond yields nudged up along with the euro which was at $1.0913 having been as high as $1.0950 this week after pro-EU centrist Emmanuel Macron topped the first round vote in France. Disappointment lingered after U.S. President Donald Trump's plans to slash company tax rates to 15 percent from the current 35 percent and 39.6 percent for small firms offered no details on how they would be paid for. Billed beforehand as the biggest tax cut in history, it amounted to little more than a one-page plan and fuelled the suspicion that it could run into opposition from U.S. lawmakers worried about increasing the country's debt levels. "There was virtually no new information, just as expected. He was essentially repeating his campaign promises," said Tomoaki Shishido, senior fixed income strategist at Nomura Securities. DEUTSCHE DOWN The dip in European shares saw them retreat from 20-month highs, with financials and commodity-related stocks the main drag, although gains in other cyclical industrials, on the back of strong earnings, kept losses down. [.EU] Deutsche Bank shares fell as much as 3.5 percent even as its first-quarter net profit more than doubled following a rebound in bond trading. It shares have nearly doubled though after worries about its future late last year. Elsewhere, upbeat results from the likes of SKF, Bayer and Subsea 7, companies closely geared to economic growth, were cheered as more investors piled into the European recovery story. Wall Street futures pointed to a flat start for New York. The S&P 500 ended down fractionally on Wednesday as the questions left by Trump's tax plans overshadowed more upbeat earnings. Overall profits of S&P 500 companies are estimated to have risen 11.8 percent in the first quarter, the most since 2011, according to Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S. China's growth accelerated at the fastest pace since mid-2015 in the January-March quarter, while South Korea on Thursday also reported stronger than expected first-quarter growth, fuelled by improving global demand. Among commodities, industrial metals steadied though oil prices dipped again on concerns about globally bloated markets[O/R]. Brent futures dropped to $51.60 per barrel, down 22 cents, or 0.42 percent, from their last close. Brent is almost 9 percent below its April peak. The dollar, meanwhile, slipped to 111.23 yen from near a one-month high of 111.78 yen scored earlier on Wednesday. (Additional reporting by Hideyuki Sano in Tokyo; editing by John Stonestreet) (This story has not been edited by Business Standard staff and is auto-generated from a syndicated feed.) Read More On Global | Markets | Tax | Bank | London | Met | Reuters | News PREVIOUS STORY NEXT STORY RECOMMENDED FOR YOU Advertisements Cover from Natural Calamities. Buy Home Insurance FREE* Lifetime Demat Account. Premium SMS Advisory Learn & Develop Digital Business Strategies Open a demat account with Sharekhan & learn online trading. Cover from Earthquake & Floods. Buy Home Insurance Get a Forex Card at 0 Currency Conversion Charges. New to investing in shares? FREE* Demat Account & Flat 20% Off on Brokerage. New to the Stock Market? Take your FirstStep Trump tax cut caution, ECB meeting cools risk rally LONDON (Reuters) - A record-setting rally in world stocks ran out of steam on Thursday, with unconvincing U.S. tax cut plans cooling investors' spirits and caution setting in as the European Central Bank met. By Marc Jones LONDON (Reuters) - A record-setting rally in world stocks ran out of steam on Thursday, with unconvincing U.S. tax cut plans cooling investors' spirits and caution setting in as the European Central Bank met. Europe's main bourses were as much as 0.7 percent lower as traders pulled back after six days of unbroken gains fuelled by relief at the outcome of the first round of France's presidential election and encouraging earnings and economic data. [.EU] Asia felt groggy too. The Bank of Japan offered its most upbeat economic assessment in nine years but Asia-Pacific shares ended flat a day after hitting their highest in almost two years. A surprise move by Sweden to expand its stimulus programme pushed the crown down sharply, and the Canadian dollar and Mexican peso jumped as the U.S. said it would not scrap the North American Free Trade Agreement. But the focus was turning to the ECB and what its head Mario Draghi and his colleagues have made of the recent improvement in euro zone economic data. The bank is not expected to make any changes to its record low interest rates or mass-stimulus programme, so market reaction to this meeting may hinge on just a few crucial words. "It is possible that the ECB will remove the language stating that the risks (to the economy) "remain tilted to the downside," said Mike Bell, Global Market Strategist, JPMorgan Asset Management. Euro zone government bond yields nudged up along with the euro which was at $1.0913 having been as high as $1.0950 this week after pro-EU centrist Emmanuel Macron topped the first round vote in France. Disappointment lingered after U.S. President Donald Trump's plans to slash company tax rates to 15 percent from the current 35 percent and 39.6 percent for small firms offered no details on how they would be paid for. Billed beforehand as the biggest tax cut in history, it amounted to little more than a one-page plan and fuelled the suspicion that it could run into opposition from U.S. lawmakers worried about increasing the country's debt levels. "There was virtually no new information, just as expected. He was essentially repeating his campaign promises," said Tomoaki Shishido, senior fixed income strategist at Nomura Securities. DEUTSCHE DOWN The dip in European shares saw them retreat from 20-month highs, with financials and commodity-related stocks the main drag, although gains in other cyclical industrials, on the back of strong earnings, kept losses down. [.EU] Deutsche Bank shares fell as much as 3.5 percent even as its first-quarter net profit more than doubled following a rebound in bond trading. It shares have nearly doubled though after worries about its future late last year. Elsewhere, upbeat results from the likes of SKF, Bayer and Subsea 7, companies closely geared to economic growth, were cheered as more investors piled into the European recovery story. Wall Street futures pointed to a flat start for New York. The S&P 500 ended down fractionally on Wednesday as the questions left by Trump's tax plans overshadowed more upbeat earnings. Overall profits of S&P 500 companies are estimated to have risen 11.8 percent in the first quarter, the most since 2011, according to Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S. China's growth accelerated at the fastest pace since mid-2015 in the January-March quarter, while South Korea on Thursday also reported stronger than expected first-quarter growth, fuelled by improving global demand. Among commodities, industrial metals steadied though oil prices dipped again on concerns about globally bloated markets[O/R]. Brent futures dropped to $51.60 per barrel, down 22 cents, or 0.42 percent, from their last close. Brent is almost 9 percent below its April peak. The dollar, meanwhile, slipped to 111.23 yen from near a one-month high of 111.78 yen scored earlier on Wednesday. (Additional reporting by Hideyuki Sano in Tokyo; editing by John Stonestreet) (This story has not been edited by Business Standard staff and is auto-generated from a syndicated feed.) Reuters Business Standard http://bsmedia.business-standard.com/_media/bs/wap/images/bs_logo_amp.png 177 22 Trump tax cut caution, ECB meeting cools risk rally By Marc Jones LONDON (Reuters) - A record-setting rally in world stocks ran out of steam on Thursday, with unconvincing U.S. tax cut plans cooling investors' spirits and caution setting in as the European Central Bank met. Europe's main bourses were as much as 0.7 percent lower as traders pulled back after six days of unbroken gains fuelled by relief at the outcome of the first round of France's presidential election and encouraging earnings and economic data. [.EU] Asia felt groggy too. The Bank of Japan offered its most upbeat economic assessment in nine years but Asia-Pacific shares ended flat a day after hitting their highest in almost two years. A surprise move by Sweden to expand its stimulus programme pushed the crown down sharply, and the Canadian dollar and Mexican peso jumped as the U.S. said it would not scrap the North American Free Trade Agreement. But the focus was turning to the ECB and what its head Mario Draghi and his colleagues have made of the recent improvement in euro zone economic data. The bank is not expected to make any changes to its record low interest rates or mass-stimulus programme, so market reaction to this meeting may hinge on just a few crucial words. "It is possible that the ECB will remove the language stating that the risks (to the economy) "remain tilted to the downside," said Mike Bell, Global Market Strategist, JPMorgan Asset Management. Euro zone government bond yields nudged up along with the euro which was at $1.0913 having been as high as $1.0950 this week after pro-EU centrist Emmanuel Macron topped the first round vote in France. Disappointment lingered after U.S. President Donald Trump's plans to slash company tax rates to 15 percent from the current 35 percent and 39.6 percent for small firms offered no details on how they would be paid for. Billed beforehand as the biggest tax cut in history, it amounted to little more than a one-page plan and fuelled the suspicion that it could run into opposition from U.S. lawmakers worried about increasing the country's debt levels. "There was virtually no new information, just as expected. He was essentially repeating his campaign promises," said Tomoaki Shishido, senior fixed income strategist at Nomura Securities. DEUTSCHE DOWN The dip in European shares saw them retreat from 20-month highs, with financials and commodity-related stocks the main drag, although gains in other cyclical industrials, on the back of strong earnings, kept losses down. [.EU] Deutsche Bank shares fell as much as 3.5 percent even as its first-quarter net profit more than doubled following a rebound in bond trading. It shares have nearly doubled though after worries about its future late last year. Elsewhere, upbeat results from the likes of SKF, Bayer and Subsea 7, companies closely geared to economic growth, were cheered as more investors piled into the European recovery story. Wall Street futures pointed to a flat start for New York. The S&P 500 ended down fractionally on Wednesday as the questions left by Trump's tax plans overshadowed more upbeat earnings. Overall profits of S&P 500 companies are estimated to have risen 11.8 percent in the first quarter, the most since 2011, according to Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S. China's growth accelerated at the fastest pace since mid-2015 in the January-March quarter, while South Korea on Thursday also reported stronger than expected first-quarter growth, fuelled by improving global demand. Among commodities, industrial metals steadied though oil prices dipped again on concerns about globally bloated markets[O/R]. Brent futures dropped to $51.60 per barrel, down 22 cents, or 0.42 percent, from their last close. Brent is almost 9 percent below its April peak. The dollar, meanwhile, slipped to 111.23 yen from near a one-month high of 111.78 yen scored earlier on Wednesday. (Additional reporting by Hideyuki Sano in Tokyo; editing by John Stonestreet) (This story has not been edited by Business Standard staff and is auto-generated from a syndicated feed.) Reuters Business Standard http://bsmedia.business-standard.com/_media/bs/wap/images/bs_logo_amp.png 177 22 MORE ON MARKETS: Quick Links Stock Market Live Portfolio Commodity Market Upcoming IPO Personal Finance Stock Market News Derivatives Mutual Funds Gold Price Sensex Browse STOCK Companies A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 Browse Mutual Funds A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z Index Stocks ACC Adani Ports Ambuja Cem. Asian Paints Aurobindo Pharma Axis Bank B P C L Bajaj Auto Bank of Baroda Bharti Airtel Bharti Infra. Bosch Cipla Coal India Dr Reddy's Labs Eicher Motors GAIL (India) Grasim Inds H D F C HCL Technologies HDFC Bank Hero Motocorp Hind. Unilever Hindalco Inds. ICICI Bank Indiabulls Housing Finance Indian Oil Corporation Ltd. IndusInd Bank Infosys ITC Kotak Mah. Bank Larsen & Toubro Lupin M & M Maruri Suzuki NTPC O N G C Power Grid Corpn Reliance Inds. St Bk of India Sun Pharma. Inds. Tata Motors Tata Motors-DVR Tata Power Co. Tata Steel TCS Tech Mahindra UltraTech Cement Ltd Wipro Yes Bank Zee Entertainment Copyrights © 2017 Business Standard Private Ltd. All rights reserved. From BS Website Home Companies Markets Opinion Politics Technology Specials Personal Finance Budget Latest News Today's Paper RBI Policy General News General Videos General Photo Gallery Events Authors About us About Us Code of Conduct Terms & Conditions Cookie Policy Disclaimer Investor Communication Support & Contact Partner with Us Careers Advertise with Us Contact Us Feedback Browser Support Sitemap Subscribe E-Paper BS Magazines Portfolio Tracker BS Products Smart Investor BS Hindi BS Motoring BS Books B2B Connect iPhone iPad android wap BS Fund Cafe 2016 Budget Insight Out Budget 2017 Budget 2017 Budget News Budget Connect with BS Facebook Google+ Linkedin Twitter Youtube RSS Upgrade To Premium Services Welcome User Business Standard is happy to inform you of the launch of "Business Standard Premium Services" As a premium subscriber you get an across device unfettered access to a range of services which include: Access Exclusive content - articles, features & opinion pieces Weekly Industry/Genre specific newsletters - Choose multiple industries/genres Access to 17 plus years of content archives Set Stock price alerts for your portfolio and watch list and get them delivered to your e-mail box End of day news alerts on 5 companies (via email) NEW: Get seamless access to WSJ.com at a great price. No additional sign-up required.   Premium Services In Partnership with   Dear Guest,   Welcome to the premium services of Business Standard brought to you courtesy FIS. Kindly visit the Manage my subscription page to discover the benefits of this programme. Enjoy Reading! Team Business Standard  
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Allied World Assurance Company Holdings Ltd - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Allied World Assurance Company Holdings Ltd with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Prosperity Bancshares, Inc. (PB) Stake Raised by Louisiana State Employees Retirement System Allied World Assurance Company Holdings Ltd (AWH) Raised to “Buy” at Zacks Investment Research AMC Entertainment Holdings’ (AMC) Buy Rating Reiterated at FBR & Co Louisiana State Employees Retirement System Increases Position in AptarGroup, Inc. (ATR) Pinnacle Bank Takes Position in Emerson Electric Co. (EMR) Louisiana State Employees Retirement System Purchases 100 Shares of Polaris Industries Inc. (PII) Pinnacle Bank Invests $197,000 in Mastercard Inc (MA) Old Republic International Co. (ORI) Shares Bought by Louisiana State Employees Retirement System Jefferies Group LLC Reaffirms Hold Rating for AvalonBay Communities Inc (AVB) CIBC Cuts American Express Company (AXP) Price Target to $93.00 Cwm LLC Cuts Stake in ConocoPhillips (COP) Allstate Corp (ALL) Downgraded by Zacks Investment Research to “Hold” Nike Inc (NKE) Position Increased by Heritage Investors Management Corp Oliver Luxxe Assets LLC Has $3.463 Million Stake in Kimberly Clark Corp (KMB) BTIG Research Raises AvalonBay Communities Inc (AVB) Price Target to $200.00 Zendesk (ZEN) Earns News Sentiment Rating of 0.04 YRC Worldwide (YRCW) Getting Somewhat Critical Media Coverage, Study Shows YuMe (YUME) Getting Somewhat Positive Media Coverage, Report Finds Zebra Technologies Corp. (ZBRA) Given News Sentiment Score of 0.06 James G. Mosch Sells 50,600 Shares of DENTSPLY SIRONA Inc (XRAY) Stock Allied World Assurance Company Holdings Ltd (AWH) Raised to “Buy” at Zacks Investment Research April 27th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Patrick Bannon Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Finance Tweet Zacks Investment Research upgraded shares of Allied World Assurance Company Holdings Ltd (NYSE:AWH) from a hold rating to a buy rating in a research report released on Monday. Zacks Investment Research currently has $59.00 price objective on the insurance provider’s stock. According to Zacks, “Shares of Allied World underperformed the Zacks categorized Property and Casualty Insurance industry year to date. The company will report first quarter results on Apr 26. However, our proven model cannot conclusively say if it will beat or miss expectation because Zacks Rank #2 when combined with Earnings ESP of 0.00% makes prediction difficult. Allied World is seeking opportunities in North America to further strengthen its Insurance segment. It is witnessing strong momentum in key markets, positioning it well to bolster its Insurance platform. Inorganic story is impressive on prudent buyouts. Solid operational performance supports its sturdy financial position and enables it to engage in significant capital deployments to boost shareholders’ value. However, exposure to cat loss leads to volatility in underwriting results and escalating expenses weigh on margin expansion.” Separately, JPMorgan Chase & Co. lowered shares of Allied World Assurance Company Holdings from an overweight rating to a neutral rating in a research note on Friday, January 6th. One equities research analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, six have given a hold rating and one has given a buy rating to the company’s stock. The company currently has an average rating of Hold and a consensus price target of $46.60. Shares of Allied World Assurance Company Holdings (NYSE:AWH) opened at 53.15 on Monday. Allied World Assurance Company Holdings has a 1-year low of $33.20 and a 1-year high of $54.46. The firm’s 50-day moving average is $53.16 and its 200-day moving average is $50.23. The company has a market capitalization of $4.64 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 18.71 and a beta of 0.58. Allied World Assurance Company Holdings (NYSE:AWH) last posted its quarterly earnings data on Wednesday, February 1st. The insurance provider reported $0.48 earnings per share for the quarter, missing the Zacks’ consensus estimate of $0.63 by $0.15. Allied World Assurance Company Holdings had a net margin of 9.91% and a return on equity of 6.69%. The firm had revenue of $445.33 million for the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $583.43 million. During the same quarter last year, the firm earned $0.47 EPS. The company’s revenue was down 4.2% on a year-over-year basis. Analysts forecast that Allied World Assurance Company Holdings will post $2.70 earnings per share for the current fiscal year. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY WARNING: This piece was originally published by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are viewing this piece on another publication, it was illegally copied and republished in violation of international copyright law. The legal version of this piece can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/27/allied-world-assurance-company-holdings-ltd-awh-raised-to-buy-at-zacks-investment-research.html. Hedge funds have recently modified their holdings of the stock. Champlain Investment Partners LLC raised its stake in shares of Allied World Assurance Company Holdings by 5.3% in the fourth quarter. Champlain Investment Partners LLC now owns 4,713,355 shares of the insurance provider’s stock worth $253,154,000 after buying an additional 235,655 shares in the last quarter. BlackRock Institutional Trust Company N.A. raised its stake in shares of Allied World Assurance Company Holdings by 1.1% in the third quarter. BlackRock Institutional Trust Company N.A. now owns 2,400,943 shares of the insurance provider’s stock worth $97,046,000 after buying an additional 26,107 shares in the last quarter. State Street Corp raised its stake in shares of Allied World Assurance Company Holdings by 4.0% in the fourth quarter. State Street Corp now owns 1,985,690 shares of the insurance provider’s stock worth $106,653,000 after buying an additional 76,266 shares in the last quarter. River Road Asset Management LLC raised its stake in shares of Allied World Assurance Company Holdings by 2.1% in the third quarter. River Road Asset Management LLC now owns 1,747,407 shares of the insurance provider’s stock worth $70,630,000 after buying an additional 36,512 shares in the last quarter. Finally, AQR Capital Management LLC raised its stake in shares of Allied World Assurance Company Holdings by 12.9% in the fourth quarter. AQR Capital Management LLC now owns 1,256,700 shares of the insurance provider’s stock worth $67,497,000 after buying an additional 144,079 shares in the last quarter. 87.16% of the stock is owned by hedge funds and other institutional investors. About Allied World Assurance Company Holdings Allied World Assurance Company Holdings, AG is a holding company. The Company provides property, casualty and specialty insurance and reinsurance solutions to clients around the world. The Company operates in three segments: North American Insurance, Global Markets Insurance and Reinsurance. The North American Insurance segment consists of the Company’s direct insurance operations in the United States, Bermuda and Canada. Get a free copy of the Zacks research report on Allied World Assurance Company Holdings (AWH) For more information about research offerings from Zacks Investment Research, visit Zacks.com Receive News & Ratings for Allied World Assurance Company Holdings Ltd Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Allied World Assurance Company Holdings Ltd and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Judge Uses Comment by President Trump in Ruling Fight for Border Wall Approaches in Attempt to Avoid Shutdown President Trump Attempting To Repeal ACA Again Vice President Pence Says North Korea Should Not Test U.S. Resolve Trump’s Back and Forth on Economics © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance United States Steel Co. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for United States Steel Co. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Q1 2018 Earnings Forecast for BofI Holding, Inc. (BOFI) Issued By DA Davidson Oppenheimer Holdings Comments on Express Scripts Holding Company’s Q1 2018 Earnings (ESRX) Agree Realty Co. to Post Q1 2018 Earnings of $0.73 Per Share, SunTrust Banks Forecasts (ADC) Kite Realty Group Trust (KRG) Expected to Post Q1 2018 Earnings of $0.50 Per Share SunTrust Banks Weighs in on The Coca-Cola Co’s Q1 2018 Earnings (KO) SEI Investments Company (SEIC) Major Shareholder Alfred P. West, Jr. Sells 125,000 Shares of Stock Eastman Kodak Company Common New (KODK) Major Shareholder Moses Marx Purchases 454,500 Shares of Stock Charles Schwab Corp (SCHW) Chairman Charles R. Schwab Sells 300,000 Shares of Stock Nokia Oyj (NOK) Given “Hold” Rating at Oppenheimer Holdings Inc. Tractor Supply Company (TSCO) PT Set at $88.00 by Oppenheimer Holdings Inc. Deutsche Lufthansa AG (LHA) Receives “Sell” Rating from DZ Bank AG $0.14 Earnings Per Share Expected for Northfield Bancorp, Inc. (NFBK) This Quarter DA Davidson Analysts Give ServiceNow Inc (NOW) a $118.00 Price Target Mgm China Hldgs Lt (MCHVY) Downgraded by Deutsche Bank AG to Hold JinkoSolar Holding Co., Ltd. (JKS) Receives $25.30 Consensus Target Price from Brokerages Howard Hughes Medical Institute Has $147,000 Stake in Range Resources Corp. (RRC) Glen Harbor Capital Management LLC Has $5.682 Million Stake in Avis Budget Group Inc. (CAR) Glen Harbor Capital Management LLC Sells 10,120 Shares of CME Group Inc (CME) Xcel Energy Inc (XEL) Position Held by First Quadrant L P CA Brinker International, Inc. (EAT) Shares Bought by Glen Harbor Capital Management LLC United States Steel Co. (X) Downgraded to Hold at Deutsche Bank AG April 27th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Jeff Wilder Filed Under: Finance Tweet United States Steel Co. (NYSE:X) was downgraded by investment analysts at Deutsche Bank AG from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating in a research report issued to clients and investors on Thursday. They presently have a $30.00 price objective on the basic materials company’s stock, down from their previous price objective of $45.00. Deutsche Bank AG’s price objective would indicate a potential upside of 31.69% from the company’s previous close. A number of other research analysts also recently weighed in on the stock. Vetr raised shares of United States Steel from a “buy” rating to a “strong-buy” rating and set a $38.76 target price for the company in a research report on Monday, March 27th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. restated an “overweight” rating and set a $46.00 price target (up from $39.00) on shares of United States Steel in a research note on Wednesday, March 22nd. Credit Suisse Group AG cut shares of United States Steel from an “outperform” rating to a “neutral” rating and upped their price target for the company from $24.00 to $30.00 in a research note on Thursday, January 12th. Bank of America Corp upgraded shares of United States Steel from a “neutral” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $40.00 price target on the stock in a research note on Wednesday, February 1st. Finally, Cowen and Company upgraded shares of United States Steel from a “market perform” rating to an “outperform” rating in a research note on Monday, February 27th. Three analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, twelve have assigned a hold rating and six have issued a buy rating to the stock. United States Steel currently has a consensus rating of “Hold” and a consensus target price of $34.35. Shares of United States Steel (NYSE:X) traded up 3.1023% on Thursday, reaching $23.4867. 34,886,277 shares of the company were exchanged. The firm has a 50 day moving average price of $33.06 and a 200-day moving average price of $31.58. United States Steel has a 12-month low of $12.77 and a 12-month high of $41.83. The stock’s market capitalization is $4.09 billion. United States Steel also was the target of unusually large options trading activity on Wednesday. Stock investors purchased 51,595 put options on the company. This is an increase of 184% compared to the average daily volume of 18,183 put options. United States Steel (NYSE:X) last issued its quarterly earnings data on Tuesday, April 25th. The basic materials company reported ($0.83) earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, missing the Zacks’ consensus estimate of $0.35 by $1.18. United States Steel had a negative return on equity of 11.36% and a negative net margin of 4.29%. The firm earned $2.73 billion during the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $2.91 billion. During the same period in the previous year, the company posted ($2.15) earnings per share. The company’s revenue for the quarter was up 16.4% on a year-over-year basis. On average, analysts predict that United States Steel will post $2.99 EPS for the current fiscal year. The firm also recently announced a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Friday, June 9th. Investors of record on Wednesday, May 10th will be issued a dividend of $0.05 per share. This represents a $0.20 annualized dividend and a dividend yield of 0.88%. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Monday, May 8th. United States Steel’s dividend payout ratio is currently -6.83%. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION WARNING: “United States Steel Co. (X) Downgraded to Hold at Deutsche Bank AG” was posted by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are accessing this story on another site, it was illegally copied and republished in violation of international copyright law. The correct version of this story can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/27/united-states-steel-co-x-downgraded-by-deutsche-bank-ag-to-hold.html. Several institutional investors have recently added to or reduced their stakes in the stock. TLP Group LLC purchased a new position in United States Steel during the third quarter valued at about $186,000. Tyers Asset Management LLC purchased a new position in United States Steel during the fourth quarter valued at about $196,000. LS Investment Advisors LLC increased its position in United States Steel by 24.2% in the third quarter. LS Investment Advisors LLC now owns 10,911 shares of the basic materials company’s stock valued at $206,000 after buying an additional 2,124 shares in the last quarter. Bluestein R H & Co. purchased a new position in United States Steel during the fourth quarter valued at about $214,000. Finally, First Allied Advisory Services Inc. purchased a new position in United States Steel during the fourth quarter valued at about $223,000. 77.18% of the stock is currently owned by institutional investors. United States Steel Company Profile United States Steel Corporation is an integrated steel producer. The Company is engaged in producing flat-rolled and tubular products with production operations in North America and Europe. The Company operates through three segments: Flat-Rolled Products (Flat-Rolled), U. S. Steel Europe (USSE) and Tubular Products (Tubular). Receive News & Ratings for United States Steel Co. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for United States Steel Co. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Judge Uses Comment by President Trump in Ruling Fight for Border Wall Approaches in Attempt to Avoid Shutdown President Trump Attempting To Repeal ACA Again Vice President Pence Says North Korea Should Not Test U.S. Resolve Trump’s Back and Forth on Economics © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance AK Steel Holding Co. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for AK Steel Holding Co. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News AK Steel Holding Co. (AKS) PT Lowered to $7.00 Fortune Brands Home & Security Inc (FBHS) PT Raised to $75.00 at Royal Bank of Canada Santander Consumer USA Holdings Inc (SC) Upgraded to Buy by Compass Point Chubb Ltd (CB) Price Target Raised to $153.00 at Royal Bank of Canada FBR & Co Boosts UMB Financial Corp (UMBF) Price Target to $82.00 NetScout Systems (NTCT) Given News Impact Score of 0.62 Silvercrest Asset Management Group (SAMG) Given Daily Media Impact Score of 0.62 Very Positive Press Coverage Unlikely to Impact Carnival plc (CUK) Share Price Investment Analysts’ Recent Ratings Updates for Maxim Integrated Products (MXIM) E Hunter Harrison Buys 300,000 Shares of CSX Co. (CSX) Stock Celgene European Investment Co Purchases 624,575 Shares of Agios Pharmaceuticals Inc (AGIO) Stock Berkshire Hathaway Inc Acquires 2,470,117 Shares of Liberty Sirius XM Group (LSXMA) Stock Phang Song (Hilary) Hua Sells 30,000,000 Shares of New Trend Lifestyle Group Plc (NTLG) Stock Pentair plc. Ordinary Share (PNR) Issues Q2 Earnings Guidance Union Pacific Co. (UNP) Shares Sold by Regentatlantic Capital LLC Regentatlantic Capital LLC Reduces Position in UnitedHealth Group Inc (UNH) Bank of Montreal Can Reduces Position in WEX Inc (WEX) Wyndham Worldwide Co. (WYN) Announces Quarterly Earnings Results, Beats Expectations By $0.03 EPS Abbott Laboratories (ABT) Shares Bought by Regentatlantic Capital LLC Activision Blizzard, Inc. (ATVI) Stake Raised by Bank of Montreal Can AK Steel Holding Co. (AKS) PT Lowered to $7.00 April 27th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Latisha Jones Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Finance Tweet AK Steel Holding Co. (NYSE:AKS) had its target price cut by analysts at Cowen and Company from $9.00 to $7.00 in a research report issued to clients and investors on Thursday. The firm currently has a “market perform” rating on the basic materials company’s stock. Cowen and Company’s price target indicates a potential upside of 8.53% from the company’s previous close. Other equities research analysts have also recently issued research reports about the stock. JPMorgan Chase & Co. restated a “neutral” rating and issued a $9.00 price objective (up previously from $8.00) on shares of AK Steel Holding in a research report on Wednesday, March 22nd. Jefferies Group LLC raised their price objective on shares of AK Steel Holding from $9.00 to $11.50 and gave the company a “hold” rating in a research report on Wednesday, April 19th. Citigroup Inc upgraded shares of AK Steel Holding from a “sell” rating to a “neutral” rating and lowered their price objective for the company from $8.00 to $7.00 in a research report on Wednesday, April 19th. Vetr cut shares of AK Steel Holding from a “hold” rating to a “sell” rating and set a $8.17 price objective for the company. in a research report on Thursday, February 9th. Finally, Zacks Investment Research cut shares of AK Steel Holding from a “hold” rating to a “sell” rating in a research report on Tuesday, March 21st. Three analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, eight have assigned a hold rating, three have given a buy rating and one has assigned a strong buy rating to the stock. AK Steel Holding presently has a consensus rating of “Hold” and a consensus target price of $8.09. AK Steel Holding (NYSE:AKS) opened at 6.45 on Thursday. AK Steel Holding has a 52-week low of $3.31 and a 52-week high of $11.39. The company’s market cap is $2.03 billion. The firm has a 50-day moving average of $7.24 and a 200 day moving average of $8.04. AK Steel Holding also was the recipient of some unusual options trading activity on Monday. Traders acquired 17,272 call options on the stock. This represents an increase of approximately 113% compared to the average daily volume of 8,091 call options. AK Steel Holding (NYSE:AKS) last posted its quarterly earnings data on Tuesday, April 25th. The basic materials company reported $0.19 earnings per share for the quarter, beating the consensus estimate of $0.15 by $0.04. The firm earned $1.53 billion during the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $1.49 billion. AK Steel Holding had a negative net margin of 0.13% and a negative return on equity of 47.34%. The company’s quarterly revenue was up 1.0% compared to the same quarter last year. During the same quarter last year, the company posted ($0.08) EPS. Equities research analysts expect that AK Steel Holding will post $0.65 earnings per share for the current fiscal year. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION NOTICE: “AK Steel Holding Co. (AKS) PT Lowered to $7.00” was originally reported by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are reading this report on another site, it was illegally copied and republished in violation of US & international copyright legislation. The correct version of this report can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/27/ak-steel-holding-co-aks-pt-lowered-to-7-00.html. Several hedge funds and other institutional investors have recently modified their holdings of AKS. Advisor Group Inc. raised its position in shares of AK Steel Holding by 2.2% in the third quarter. Advisor Group Inc. now owns 35,116 shares of the basic materials company’s stock valued at $170,000 after buying an additional 760 shares during the period. Municipal Employees Retirement System of Michigan raised its position in shares of AK Steel Holding by 1.6% in the third quarter. Municipal Employees Retirement System of Michigan now owns 52,990 shares of the basic materials company’s stock valued at $256,000 after buying an additional 820 shares during the period. State of Alaska Department of Revenue raised its position in shares of AK Steel Holding by 2.7% in the first quarter. State of Alaska Department of Revenue now owns 34,900 shares of the basic materials company’s stock valued at $250,000 after buying an additional 930 shares during the period. Capstone Asset Management Co. raised its position in shares of AK Steel Holding by 1.7% in the third quarter. Capstone Asset Management Co. now owns 58,938 shares of the basic materials company’s stock valued at $285,000 after buying an additional 1,010 shares during the period. Finally, BlackRock Inc. raised its position in shares of AK Steel Holding by 2.3% in the third quarter. BlackRock Inc. now owns 81,014 shares of the basic materials company’s stock valued at $392,000 after buying an additional 1,794 shares during the period. 62.21% of the stock is currently owned by institutional investors. AK Steel Holding Company Profile AK Steel Holding Corporation is a producer of flat-rolled carbon, stainless and electrical steels, and tubular products through its subsidiary, AK Steel Corporation (AK Steel). The Company also operates blast furnaces and electric arc furnaces. As of December 31, 2016, its operations included eight steelmaking and finishing plants, two coke plants and two tube manufacturing plants across states, including Indiana, Kentucky, Michigan, Ohio, Pennsylvania and West Virginia, and a tube manufacturing plant in Mexico. Receive News & Ratings for AK Steel Holding Co. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for AK Steel Holding Co. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Judge Uses Comment by President Trump in Ruling Fight for Border Wall Approaches in Attempt to Avoid Shutdown President Trump Attempting To Repeal ACA Again Vice President Pence Says North Korea Should Not Test U.S. Resolve Trump’s Back and Forth on Economics © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Laird PLC - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Laird PLC with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Halfords Group plc’s (HFD) Buy Rating Reiterated at HSBC Holdings plc InterContinental Hotels Group PLC (IHG) Price Target Raised to GBX 4,515 Legal & General Group Plc (LGEN) Rating Reiterated by Berenberg Bank Laird PLC (LRD) Coverage Initiated by Analysts at Numis Securities Ltd N+1 Singer Reaffirms Corporate Rating for Mporium Group PLC (MPM) Berenberg Bank Reiterates “Buy” Rating for John Menzies plc (MNZS) Gulf International Bank UK Ltd Has $1.109 Million Stake in Reynolds American, Inc. (RAI) Gulf International Bank UK Ltd Has $1.502 Million Stake in Tripadvisor Inc (TRIP) Navient Corp (NAVI) Shares Bought by Gulf International Bank UK Ltd Creative Planning Has $439,000 Stake in NewMarket Co. (NEU) First Data Corp (FDC) Shares Bought by Gulf International Bank UK Ltd NBT Bancorp Inc. (NBTB) Stake Held by Creative Planning QEP Resources Inc (QEP) Shares Sold by Creative Planning Creative Planning Cuts Stake in AGCO Co. (AGCO) Citigroup Inc Lowers Kansas City Southern (KSU) Price Target to $99.00 Steven Madden, Ltd. (SHOO) PT Raised to $45.00 at Citigroup Inc Analysts Set Expectations for Eclipse Resources Corp’s Q1 2017 Earnings (ECR) Antero Resources Corp (AR) Forecasted to Earn Q1 2017 Earnings of $0.03 Per Share JPMorgan Chase & Co. Increases Hansteen Holdings plc (HSTN) Price Target to GBX 125 Investors Buy Large Volume of Call Options on Wal-Mart Stores (WMT) Laird PLC (LRD) Coverage Initiated by Analysts at Numis Securities Ltd April 27th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Tyrone Williams Filed Under: Analyst Articles - UK - Finance Tweet Numis Securities Ltd started coverage on shares of Laird PLC (LON:LRD) in a report released on Friday. The brokerage issued a hold rating and a GBX 150 ($1.92) price target on the stock. Other equities analysts have also recently issued reports about the company. JPMorgan Chase & Co. lowered their target price on Laird PLC from GBX 200 ($2.56) to GBX 170 ($2.17) and set a neutral rating for the company in a report on Monday, January 9th. Barclays PLC restated an equal weight rating and set a GBX 140 ($1.79) target price on shares of Laird PLC in a report on Wednesday, January 25th. Finally, Berenberg Bank upgraded Laird PLC to a buy rating and set a GBX 240 ($3.07) target price for the company in a report on Friday, March 10th. Shares of Laird PLC (LON:LRD) opened at 142.163 on Friday. The company has a 50-day moving average of GBX 143.15 and a 200-day moving average of GBX 160.61. The stock’s market capitalization is GBX 384.78 million. Laird PLC has a 1-year low of GBX 95.12 and a 1-year high of GBX 366.70. TRADEMARK VIOLATION WARNING: This report was originally published by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are viewing this report on another website, it was illegally stolen and republished in violation of US and international trademark & copyright laws. The original version of this report can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/27/laird-plc-lrd-coverage-initiated-by-analysts-at-numis-securities-ltd.html. In related news, insider Kevin Dangerfield acquired 25,000 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction dated Friday, March 10th. The stock was acquired at an average price of GBX 190 ($2.43) per share, for a total transaction of £47,500 ($60,726.16). Also, insider Anthony (Tony) James Quinlan sold 8,993 shares of Laird PLC stock in a transaction dated Friday, March 3rd. The shares were sold at an average price of GBX 175 ($2.24), for a total value of £15,737.75 ($20,119.85). Insiders bought a total of 87,055 shares of company stock valued at $15,625,955 in the last quarter. Laird PLC Company Profile Laird PLC is engaged in providing engineering solutions that protect electronics from electromagnetic interference and heat, and enable connectivity in mission-critical wireless applications. The Company operates through two segments: Performance Materials and Wireless Systems. The Performance Materials segment designs a range of electro-magnetic interference shielding materials, thermal management solutions, and signal integrity products to a range of electronic devices and prototypes. Receive News & Ratings for Laird PLC Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Laird PLC and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Judge Uses Comment by President Trump in Ruling Fight for Border Wall Approaches in Attempt to Avoid Shutdown President Trump Attempting To Repeal ACA Again Vice President Pence Says North Korea Should Not Test U.S. Resolve Trump’s Back and Forth on Economics © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Legal & General Group Plc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Legal & General Group Plc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Halfords Group plc’s (HFD) Buy Rating Reiterated at HSBC Holdings plc InterContinental Hotels Group PLC (IHG) Price Target Raised to GBX 4,515 Legal & General Group Plc (LGEN) Rating Reiterated by Berenberg Bank Laird PLC (LRD) Coverage Initiated by Analysts at Numis Securities Ltd N+1 Singer Reaffirms Corporate Rating for Mporium Group PLC (MPM) Berenberg Bank Reiterates “Buy” Rating for John Menzies plc (MNZS) Gulf International Bank UK Ltd Has $1.109 Million Stake in Reynolds American, Inc. (RAI) Gulf International Bank UK Ltd Has $1.502 Million Stake in Tripadvisor Inc (TRIP) Navient Corp (NAVI) Shares Bought by Gulf International Bank UK Ltd Creative Planning Has $439,000 Stake in NewMarket Co. (NEU) First Data Corp (FDC) Shares Bought by Gulf International Bank UK Ltd NBT Bancorp Inc. (NBTB) Stake Held by Creative Planning QEP Resources Inc (QEP) Shares Sold by Creative Planning Creative Planning Cuts Stake in AGCO Co. (AGCO) Citigroup Inc Lowers Kansas City Southern (KSU) Price Target to $99.00 Steven Madden, Ltd. (SHOO) PT Raised to $45.00 at Citigroup Inc Analysts Set Expectations for Eclipse Resources Corp’s Q1 2017 Earnings (ECR) Antero Resources Corp (AR) Forecasted to Earn Q1 2017 Earnings of $0.03 Per Share JPMorgan Chase & Co. Increases Hansteen Holdings plc (HSTN) Price Target to GBX 125 Investors Buy Large Volume of Call Options on Wal-Mart Stores (WMT) Legal & General Group Plc (LGEN) Rating Reiterated by Berenberg Bank April 27th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Tyrone Williams Filed Under: Analyst Articles - UK - Finance Tweet Legal & General Group Plc (LON:LGEN)‘s stock had its “buy” rating reaffirmed by research analysts at Berenberg Bank in a research report issued on Tuesday. They currently have a GBX 301 ($3.85) price objective on the financial services provider’s stock. Berenberg Bank’s target price would suggest a potential upside of 15.28% from the company’s previous close. LGEN has been the subject of a number of other reports. Jefferies Group LLC increased their price objective on shares of Legal & General Group Plc from GBX 225 ($2.88) to GBX 249 ($3.18) and gave the stock a “hold” rating in a research note on Wednesday, March 22nd. HSBC Holdings plc restated a “buy” rating and set a GBX 275 ($3.52) price objective on shares of Legal & General Group Plc in a research note on Thursday, February 2nd. Barclays PLC restated an “overweight” rating and set a GBX 282 ($3.61) price objective on shares of Legal & General Group Plc in a research note on Thursday, March 9th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. restated an “underweight” rating and set a GBX 197 ($2.52) price objective on shares of Legal & General Group Plc in a research note on Thursday, March 9th. Finally, Macquarie restated an “underperform” rating and set a GBX 201 ($2.57) price objective on shares of Legal & General Group Plc in a research note on Thursday, March 9th. Three research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, five have issued a hold rating and eight have given a buy rating to the stock. Legal & General Group Plc presently has an average rating of “Hold” and an average price target of GBX 251.93 ($3.22). Shares of Legal & General Group Plc (LON:LGEN) opened at 248.00 on Tuesday. The firm’s market cap is GBX 14.71 billion. The company’s 50-day moving average price is GBX 249.94 and its 200-day moving average price is GBX 239.29. Legal & General Group Plc has a 52-week low of GBX 160.50 and a 52-week high of GBX 262.06. The company also recently announced a dividend, which will be paid on Thursday, June 8th. Investors of record on Thursday, April 27th will be paid a GBX 10.35 ($0.13) dividend. This is an increase from Legal & General Group Plc’s previous dividend of $4.00. This represents a yield of 4.16%. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Thursday, April 27th. WARNING: “Legal & General Group Plc (LGEN) Rating Reiterated by Berenberg Bank” was published by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are reading this report on another publication, it was illegally copied and republished in violation of United States and international copyright and trademark law. The legal version of this report can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/27/legal-general-group-plc-lgen-rating-reiterated-by-berenberg-bank.html. In related news, insider John Kingman purchased 1,842 shares of the stock in a transaction on Wednesday, February 1st. The shares were purchased at an average cost of GBX 237 ($3.03) per share, with a total value of £4,365.54 ($5,581.10). Also, insider Richard H. Meddings purchased 1,097 shares of the stock in a transaction on Wednesday, March 1st. The stock was bought at an average cost of GBX 251 ($3.21) per share, for a total transaction of £2,753.47 ($3,520.16). Over the last quarter, insiders purchased 11,785 shares of company stock valued at $2,952,119 and sold 226,022 shares valued at $56,286,698. About Legal & General Group Plc Legal & General Group Plc is a holding company. The Company, together with its subsidiaries, transacts life assurance and long-term savings business, investment management and general insurance and health business. It operates through six segments: Legal & General Retirement (LGR), Legal & General Investment Management (LGIM), Legal & General Capital (LGC), Legal & General Insurance (LGI), Savings and General Insurance (GI). Receive News & Ratings for Legal & General Group Plc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Legal & General Group Plc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Judge Uses Comment by President Trump in Ruling Fight for Border Wall Approaches in Attempt to Avoid Shutdown President Trump Attempting To Repeal ACA Again Vice President Pence Says North Korea Should Not Test U.S. Resolve Trump’s Back and Forth on Economics © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Recent News Costamare Inc. Reports Solid First Quarter Results, As Management Hails No Lay-Ups LNG Tanker AL UTOURIYA departs Ferrol bay Capesize Market to Benefit from Increased Chinese Steel Production Growing Long-haul Arbitrage Crude Trades To Benefit VLCC Tankers Stepping In Time With Mainlane Container Freight Rates Hellenic Shipping News Worldwide Hellenic Shipping News Worldwide, Online Daily Newspaper on Hellenic and International Shipping    Home Shipping News top stories Hellenic Shipping News International Shipping News Dry Bulk Market Piracy and Security News Shipping: Emission Possible Marine Insurance P&I Club News Port News Shipbuilding News Shipping Law News Interviews DNV GL Maritime Academy Hellas Events and Training Courses Recent Videos Mobile Applications and Social Media Commodities Commodity News Chinese iron ore and steelmaking prices Freight News Guide for Carriage of Hazardous Materials Ship Risk Profile Calculator Report / Analysis Weekly Dry Time Charter Estimates Weekly Tanker Time Charter Estimates Weekly Container Reports Index Weekly Vessel Valuations Report Daily Tanker Market Rates Daily Tanker Fixtures Weekly Shipbrokers Reports Monthly Shipbrokers Reports Weekly Demolition Reports Weekly Ship Sales Weekly Shipbuilding Reports Marine Engine Specifications Shipping Glossary Oil & Energy Oil & Companies News General Energy News Bunker Prices Worldwide World Economy World Economy News IMF/OECD News Stock Market News Stock News Stock Market Snapshot Daily Currencies Ratings Hellenic Shipping Companies Live Hellenic Shipping Stocks Live International Shipping Stocks Live Commodity Trade Markets Home / Stock Market News / Stock News / Trump tax cut caution, ECB meeting cools risk rally Trump tax cut caution, ECB meeting cools risk rally in Stock News 27/04/2017 A record-setting rally in world stocks ran out of steam on Thursday, with unconvincing U.S. tax cut plans cooling investors’ spirits and caution setting in as the European Central Bank met. Europe’s main bourses <.FTEU3> were as much as 0.7 percent lower as traders pulled back after six days of unbroken gains fuelled by relief at the outcome of the first round of France’s presidential election and encouraging earnings and economic data. [.EU] Asia felt groggy too. The Bank of Japan offered its most upbeat economic assessment in nine years but Asia-Pacific shares <.MIAPJ0000PUS> ended flat a day after hitting their highest in almost two years. A surprise move by Sweden to expand its stimulus programme pushed the crown <SEK=> down sharply, and the Canadian dollar <CAD=> and Mexican peso <MXN=> jumped as the U.S. said it would not scrap the North American Free Trade Agreement. But the focus was turning to the ECB and what its head Mario Draghi and his colleagues have made of the recent improvement in euro zone economic data. The bank is not expected to make any changes to its record low interest rates or mass-stimulus programme, so market reaction to this meeting may hinge on just a few crucial words. “It is possible that the ECB will remove the language stating that the risks (to the economy) “remain tilted to the downside,” said Mike Bell, Global Market Strategist, JPMorgan Asset Management. Euro zone government bond yields nudged up along with the euro which was at $1.0913 <EUR=> having been as high as $1.0950 this week after pro-EU centrist Emmanuel Macron topped the first round vote in France. Disappointment lingered after U.S. President Donald Trump’s plans to slash company tax rates to 15 percent from the current 35 percent and 39.6 percent for small firms offered no details on how they would be paid for. Billed beforehand as the biggest tax cut in history, it amounted to little more than a one-page plan and fuelled the suspicion that it could run into opposition from U.S. lawmakers worried about increasing the country’s debt levels. “There was virtually no new information, just as expected. He was essentially repeating his campaign promises,” said Tomoaki Shishido, senior fixed income strategist at Nomura Securities. DEUTSCHE DOWN The dip in European shares saw them retreat from 20-month highs, with financials and commodity-related stocks the main drag, although gains in other cyclical industrials, on the back of strong earnings, kept losses down. [.EU] Deutsche Bank shares fell as much as 3.5 percent even as its first-quarter net profit more than doubled following a rebound in bond trading. It shares have nearly doubled though after worries about its future late last year. Elsewhere, upbeat results from the likes of SKF, Bayer and Subsea 7, companies closely geared to economic growth, were cheered as more investors piled into the European recovery story. Wall Street futures pointed to a flat start for New York. The S&P 500 <.SPX> ended down fractionally on Wednesday as the questions left by Trump’s tax plans overshadowed more upbeat earnings. Overall profits of S&P 500 companies are estimated to have risen 11.8 percent in the first quarter, the most since 2011, according to Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S. China’s growth accelerated at the fastest pace since mid-2015 in the January-March quarter, while South Korea on Thursday also reported stronger than expected first-quarter growth, fuelled by improving global demand. Among commodities, industrial metals steadied though oil prices dipped again on concerns about globally bloated markets[O/R]. Brent futures <LCOc1> dropped to $51.60 per barrel, down 22 cents, or 0.42 percent, from their last close. Brent is almost 9 percent below its April peak. The dollar, meanwhile, slipped to 111.23 yen <JPY=> from near a one-month high of 111.78 yen scored earlier on Wednesday. Source: Reuters (By Marc Jones; Additional reporting by Hideyuki Sano in Tokyo; editing by John Stonestreet) 2017-04-27 hellenicshippingnews.. tweet Share Previous: The Pound Is ‘Very Cheap’ for This Currency Strategist Next: Drilling costs rise as U.S. oil, gas activity picks up: Kemp Related News Costamare Inc. Reports Solid First Quarter Results, As Management Hails No Lay-Ups 28/04/2017 LNG Tanker AL UTOURIYA departs Ferrol bay 28/04/2017 Capesize Market to Benefit from Increased Chinese Steel Production 28/04/2017 Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment Name * Email * Website Anti-Spam Please enter the CAPTCHA text Sponsors Weekly Dry Time Charter Estimates Read More Weekly Tanker Time Charter Estimates Read More WEEKLY CONTAINER INDEX Read More FOLLOW US LIVE SHIPS TRAFFIC MAP Read More STOCK NEWS Read More Sponsors Newsletter Subscribe to our email newsletter. Email address: Name: Surname: Please insert the code you see in the picture. Recent Videos LNG Tanker AL UTOURIYA departs Ferrol bay 28/04/2017 April 27 Energy Commentary: Bob Iaccino 27/04/2017 Teekay Marine Markets – Tanker Update, April 2017 27/04/2017 Sustaining the Effort: Combatting Somali Piracy 27/04/2017 Chevron: 2016 Year in Review 27/04/2017 April 26 Energy Commentary: Alan Knuckman 26/04/2017 Port of Venice. The art of breakbulk since forever 26/04/2017 Nord Stream 2 : signature of the financing agreement 26/04/2017 Hellenic Shipping News Worldwide Online Daily Newspaper on Hellenic and International Shipping Shipping News Top Stories Hellenic Shipping News International Shipping News Dry Bulk Market Piracy and Security News Shipping: Emission Possible Marine Insurance P&I Club News Port News Shipbuilding News Shipping Law News Interviews Recent Videos Live Piracy Map Live Ships Worldwide Traffic Map Real Time Marine Weather DNV GL Maritime Academy Hellas Events and Training Courses Useful Links Rss Feeds Site Map Mobile Applications and Social Media Commodities Commodity News Chinese iron ore and steelmaking prices Freight News Guide for Carriage of Hazardous Materials Ship Risk Profile Calculator World Economy World Economy News IMF/OECD News Oil & Energy Oil & Companies News General Energy News Bunker Prices Worldwide Report / Analysis Weekly Dry Time Charter Estimates Weekly Tanker Time Charter Estimates Weekly Container Reports Index Weekly Vessel Valuations Report Daily Tanker Market Rates Daily Tanker Fixtures Weekly Shipbrokers Reports Monthly Shipbrokers Reports Weekly Demolition Reports Weekly Ship Sales Weekly Shipbuilding Reports Marine Engine Specifications Shipping Glossary Connect with Us Contact us - Send your news Subscribe to our free daily newsletter Stock Market News Stock News Stock Market Snapshot Daily Currencies Ratings Hellenic Shipping Companies Live Hellenic Shipping Stocks Live International Shipping Stocks Live Commodity Trade Markets Follow us © 2017 Copyright Hellenic Shipping News Worldwide All Rights Reserved. Diclaimer - Web Design & Development PG-Software This site uses cookies More infoNo problem
Catalyst Multimedia Today's Paper Topics ePaper WealthCheck SEARCH Follow Home News Markets Companies Money & Banking Economy Info-tech Opinion Specials BLink Portfolio Stocks Forex Commodities Gold & Silver Today's Pick Portfolio Tracker Trump tax cut caution, ECB meeting cools risk rally Reuters comments   ·   print   ·   T+  ·   T- Tweet London, April 27:   A record-setting rally in world stocks ran out of steam on Thursday, with unconvincing US tax cut plans cooling investors' spirits and caution setting in as the European Central Bank met. Europe's main bourses were as much as 0.7 per cent lower as traders pulled back after six days of unbroken gains fuelled by relief at the outcome of the first round of France's presidential election and encouraging earnings and economic data. Asia felt groggy too. The Bank of Japan offered its most upbeat economic assessment in nine years but Asia-Pacific shares ended flat a day after hitting their highest in almost two years. A surprise move by Sweden to expand its stimulus programme pushed the crown down sharply, and the Canadian dollar and Mexican peso jumped as the US said it would not scrap the North American Free Trade Agreement. But the focus was turning to the ECB and what its head Mario Draghi and his colleagues have made of the recent improvement in euro zone economic data. The bank is not expected to make any changes to its record low interest rates or mass-stimulus programme, so market reaction to this meeting may hinge on just a few crucial words. “It is possible that the ECB will remove the language stating that the risks (to the economy) “remain tilted to the downside,” said Mike Bell, Global Market Strategist, JPMorgan Asset Management. Euro zone government bond yields nudged up along with the euro which was at $1.0913 having been as high as $1.0950 this week after pro-EU centrist Emmanuel Macron topped the first round vote in France. Disappointment lingered after US President Donald Trump's plans to slash company tax rates to 15 per cent from the current 35 per cent and 39.6 per cent for small firms offered no details on how they would be paid for. Billed beforehand as the biggest tax cut in history, it amounted to little more than a one-page plan and fuelled the suspicion that it could run into opposition from US lawmakers worried about increasing the country's debt levels. “There was virtually no new information, just as expected. He was essentially repeating his campaign promises,” said Tomoaki Shishido, senior fixed income strategist at Nomura Securities. Deutsche down The dip in European shares saw them retreat from 20-month highs, with financials and commodity-related stocks the main drag, although gains in other cyclical industrials, on the back of strong earnings, kept losses down. Deutsche Bank shares fell as much as 3.5 per cent even as its first-quarter net profit more than doubled following a rebound in bond trading. It shares have nearly doubled though after worries about its future late last year. Elsewhere, upbeat results from the likes of SKF, Bayer and Subsea 7, companies closely geared to economic growth, were cheered as more investors piled into the European recovery story. Wall Street futures pointed to a flat start for New York. The S&P 500 ended down fractionally on Wednesday as the questions left by Trump's tax plans overshadowed more upbeat earnings. Overall profits of S&P 500 companies are estimated to have risen 11.8 per cent in the first quarter, the most since 2011, according to Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S. China's growth accelerated at the fastest pace since mid-2015 in the January-March quarter, while South Korea on Thursday also reported stronger than expected first-quarter growth, fuelled by improving global demand. Among commodities, industrial metals steadied though oil prices dipped again on concerns about globally bloated markets. Brent futures dropped to $51.60 per barrel, down 22 cents, or 0.42 per cent, from their last close. Brent is almost 9 per cent below its April peak. The dollar, meanwhile, slipped to 111.23 yen from near a one-month high of 111.78 yen scored earlier on Wednesday. (This article was published on April 27, 2017) Post Comment Related NEWS Sensex sheds 104 points on F&O expiry, weak global cues TOPICS economy, business and finance | stocks and shares | Get more of your favourite news delivered to your inbox SEND MY NEWS Please enter your email. Thank You. Newsletter has been successfully subscribed. Tweet Please Wait while comments are loading... 1.  Comments will be moderated by The Hindu Business Line editorial team. 2.  Comments that are abusive, personal, incendiary or irrelevant cannot be published. 3.  Please write complete sentences. Do not type comments in all capital letters,       or in all lower case letters, or using abbreviated text.       (example: u cannot substitute for you, d is not 'the', n is not 'and'). 4.  We may remove hyperlinks within comments. 5.  Please use a genuine email ID and provide your name, to avoid rejection. Markets Live: Sensex down 101 points as May F&O series begins on a sluggish note Markets Live More... Tweet O P E N close Recent Article in Stocks Sensex down 101 points as May F&O series begins on a sluggish note The benchmark Sensex was trading down by over 100 points as the May derivatives series began on a sluggish note, tracking a weak trend i... » Business Line: Home | News | Markets | Companies | Money & Banking | Economy | Info-tech | Opinion | Specials | BLink | Portfolio | This Site: About Us | Contacts | Privacy Policy | Archives | Subscription | RSS Feeds | Site Map | Brand Quest | ePaper | Social | BL Club | Mobile | Group Sites: The Hindu | தி இந்து | Business Line | BL on Campus | Sportstarlive | Frontline | The Hindu Centre | RoofandFloor | STEP | Publications | eBooks | Images | Comments to: web.businessline@thehindu.co.in. Copyright © 2017, The Hindu Business Line. NEVER miss any latest news! we will have it delivered hot to your inbox! SUBSCRIBE Please enter your email. Thank You. Newsletter has been successfully subscribed.
X Edition: United Kingdom Business Business Home Deals Aerospace & Defence Autos Banks Central Banks Reuters Summits Business Video Markets Markets Home UK Markets European Markets Market Analysis Global Market Data Stocks Earnings FXpert Currencies Commodities Funds World World Home Special Reports Reuters Investigates Euro Zone Germany France U.S. China Middle East Africa Russia India Japan World Video UK UK Home Politics Economy Tech Technology Home Science Tech Video Innovation Money Money Home Analyst Research Stock Screener Fund Screener Commentary Commentary Home Breakingviews Breakingviews Home Sport Sport Home Football Formula One Tennis Cricket Golf Rugby Union Sport Video Life Lifestyle Home Health Environment Entertainment Arts Oddly Enough Lifestyle Video Entertainment Video Environment Video Pictures Pictures Home The Wider Image Photographers Focus 360 Video Stocks slip after Trump tax plan; euro softens after ECB Africa América Latina عربي Argentina Brasil Canada 中国 Deutschland España France India Italia 日本 México РОССИЯ United Kingdom United States Business News | Thu Apr 27, 2017 | 11:16pm BST Stocks slip after Trump tax plan; euro softens after ECB left right A trader works on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange shortly before the opening bell in New York, U.S., April 27, 2017. REUTERS/Brendan McDermid 1/4 left right A trader looks at a screen that charts the S&P 500 on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE) in New York, U.S., April 27, 2017. REUTERS/Brendan McDermid 2/4 left right The headquarters of the European Central Bank (ECB) (R) is seen next to the famous skyline in Frankfurt, Germany, April 9, 2017. REUTERS/Kai Pfaffenbach 3/4 left right Men are refelcted in a screen displaying market indices outside a brokerage in Tokyo, Japan April 19, 2016. REUTERS/Thomas Peter 4/4 By Chuck Mikolajczak | NEW YORK NEW YORK A gauge of world stock markets slipped on Thursday as a three-day rally stalled in the wake of a largely expected U.S. tax cut plan, while the euro weakened after comments from European Central Bank President Mario Draghi. On Wall Street, stocks edged higher as the Nasdaq notched the day's best performance. Investors focussed on a stream of solid earnings reports after a lukewarm reception for U.S. President Donald Trump's tax plan unveiled on Wednesday, as some details of the plan were largely anticipated by investors. Corporate earnings continue to show strong results for the quarter. Comcast (CMCSA.O), up 2.1 percent, was the top boost to the benchmark S&P 500 index after reporting results. "Most folks were expecting a build in earnings acceleration and that's what we've got," said Michael Arone, chief investment strategist at State Street Global Advisors in Boston. "Despite all the economic and geopolitical noise, ultimately the market has been responding to improving earnings." Arone said a premium has been built into stock prices on bets of tax reform and other policies expected from the Trump administration, so "when that is in question, you see a sideways action." First-quarter earnings are expected to show growth of 12.4 percent, the best since 2011, according to Thomson Reuters data. U.S. economic data showed new orders for U.S.-made capital goods rose less than expected in March, but a second straight monthly increase in shipments suggested business investment accelerated in the first quarter. The Dow Jones Industrial Average .DJI rose 6.3 points, or 0.03 percent, to 20,981.39, the S&P 500 .SPX gained 1.32 points, or 0.06 percent, to 2,388.77 and the Nasdaq Composite .IXIC added 23.71 points, or 0.39 percent, to 6,048.94. Europe's main bourses closed lower after falling as much as 0.5 percent as traders pulled back after a six-session winning streak on relief at the outcome of the first round of France's presidential election and encouraging earnings. The pan-European FTSEurofirst 300 index .FTEU3 lost 0.23 percent and MSCI's gauge of stocks across the globe .MIWD00000PUS shed 0.06 percent to edge down from a record. As widely expected, the ECB made no changes to its record- low interest rates or stimulus program. But euro zone government bond yields and the euro fell after Draghi said policymakers did not discuss removing the bank's easing bias on monetary policy at this month's meeting. The benchmark 10-year Bund yield DE10YT=TWEB was last down almost 5 basis points at 0.303 percent. The euro EUR= was down 0.24 percent to $1.0877 against the dollar. After weakening against the greenback on Wednesday, the Canadian dollar CAD= and Mexican peso MXN= went in opposite directions after Washington said it would not scrap the North American Free Trade Agreement (NAFTA). The Mexican peso strengthened 0.67 percent versus the U.S. dollar at 19.05, while the Canadian dollar weakened 0.04 percent versus the greenback at 1.36 per dollar. Oil prices renewed their slump after news that two key oilfields in Libya had restarted, pumping crude for export into an already swollen market. Brent crude is on track for its seventh decline in nine sessions. U.S. crude CLcv1 settled down 1.3 percent at $48.97 per barrel and Brent LCOcv1 settled off 0.7 percent at $51.44 on the day. (Additional reporting by Rodrigo Campos; Editing by Dan Grebler) Our Standards: The Thomson Reuters Trust Principles Next In Business News Barclays first-quarter profit doubles to 1.7 billion pounds, takes one-off Africa hit LONDON Barclays reported its first quarter profit more than doubled on Friday, driven by lower losses in its non-core unit even as the British bank booked a one-off charge on its Africa business. British consumer confidence slips to four-month low in April - GfK LONDON, (Reuters) April 28 - - British consumers were their most gloomy in four months in April as they weighed up the outlook for the economy and their finances ahead of Brexit and June's general election. MORE FROM REUTERS Sponsored Content From Around the WebPromoted by Revcontent Trending Stories Sponsored Topics X Follow Reuters: Follow Us On Twitter Follow Us On Facebook RSS Follow Us On LinkedIn Subscribe: Newsletters | Apps Reuters News Agency | Brand Attribution Guidelines | Careers Reuters is the news and media division of Thomson Reuters. Thomson Reuters is the world's largest international multimedia news agency, providing investing news, world news, business news, technology news, headline news, small business news, news alerts, personal finance, stock market, and mutual funds information available on Reuters.com, video, mobile, and interactive television platforms. Learn more about Thomson Reuters products: Eikon Information, analytics and exclusive news on financial markets - delivered in an intuitive desktop and mobile interface Elektron Everything you need to empower your workflow and enhance your enterprise data management World-Check Screen for heightened risk individual and entities globally to help uncover hidden risks in business relationships and human networks Westlaw Build the strongest argument relying on authoritative content, attorney-editor expertise, and industry defining technology ONESOURCE The most comprehensive solution to manage all your complex and ever-expanding tax and compliance needs CHECKPOINT The industry leader for online information for tax, accounting and finance professionals All quotes delayed a minimum of 15 minutes. See here for a complete list of exchanges and delays. Site Feedback Corrections Advertising Guidelines Cookies Terms of Use Privacy Policy
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 27 April 2017 by Maciej Heyman CIT Announces Cash Tender Offer for Up To $2,750,000,000 of its Common Stock NEW YORK, April 27, 2017 /PRNewswire/ — CIT Group Inc. (NYSE: CIT) today announced that it has commenced a cash tender offer to purchase its common stock, par value $0.01 per share. The complete terms of the offer are set forth in the offer to purchase and the related letter of transmittal, each dated today. CIT is conducting the offer by means of a procedure commonly called a „modified Dutch auction.” This procedure allows stockholders to select the price, within a price range specified by CIT, at which they are willing to sell their shares or to tender their shares at the purchase price determined pursuant to the offer. CIT is offering to purchase its common stock for cash for an aggregate purchase price up to $2,750,000,000, at a single per-share purchase price not greater than $48.00 and not less than $43.00 net to the seller in cash, less any applicable withholding taxes and without interest, on the terms and subject to the conditions described in the offer to purchase and the letter of transmittal. CIT expects to use a portion of the proceeds from the recently completed sale of its commercial aircraft leasing business to fund the purchase of the shares validly tendered and accepted in the tender offer. This return of capital to stockholders is being made pursuant to CIT’s 2016 Amended Capital Plan, for which CIT received a „non-objection” from the Federal Reserve Bank of New York to return up to $2.975 billion of common equity from the proceeds of the sale of its commercial aircraft leasing business and up to an additional $325 million upon issuance of a like amount of Tier 1 qualifying preferred stock. CIT continues to explore options for returning the additional common equity to its shareholders, including any amounts not tendered in this offer, through dividends and/or share repurchases though the manner and timing of this capital return has not yet been determined. The offer will expire on the expiration date, which is 11:59 p.m., New York City time, on May 24, 2017, unless extended or earlier terminated by CIT. Promptly after the expiration date, CIT will, on the terms and subject to the conditions described in the offer, determine the single per-share purchase price that CIT will pay, subject to „odd lot” priority, proration and conditional tender provisions, for shares properly tendered at or below the purchase price in the offer and not properly withdrawn, and accepted for payment, taking into account the number of shares tendered pursuant to the offer and the prices specified by the tendering stockholders. The offer is not conditioned on the receipt of financing or any minimum value of shares being tendered. The offer, however, is subject to other conditions. Subject to applicable law, CIT may waive these conditions and may extend, terminate or otherwise amend the offer in its sole discretion. The purchase price will be the lowest price per share (in increments of $0.25) of not greater than $48.00 and not less than $43.00 per share, at which shares have been properly tendered in the offer and not properly withdrawn, that will enable CIT to purchase the maximum number of shares having an aggregate purchase price not exceeding $2,750,000,000 (or, if the offer is not fully subscribed, all shares properly tendered and not properly withdrawn). All shares purchased in the offer will be purchased at the same purchase price regardless of whether the stockholder tendered at a lower price. However, because of the „odd lot” priority, proration and conditional tender provisions described in the offer to purchase, it is possible that not all of the shares tendered at or below the purchase price will be purchased if shares having an aggregate purchase price in excess of $2,750,000,000 are properly tendered at or below the purchase price and not properly withdrawn. No shares tendered above the purchase price will be purchased pursuant to the offer. Tenders of shares must be made prior to the expiration of the offer and tenders may be withdrawn at any time prior to the expiration of the offer. Stockholders wishing to tender their shares but who are unable to deliver them physically or by book-entry transfer prior to the expiration of the offer, or who are unable to make delivery of all required documents to the depositary prior to the expiration of the offer, may tender their shares by complying with the guaranteed delivery procedures set forth in the offer to purchase. CIT’s Board of Directors has approved the offer. However, none of CIT, its Board of Directors, the dealer managers, the information agent or the depositary makes any recommendation to stockholders as to whether to tender or refrain from tendering their shares or as to the price or prices at which they might choose to tender their shares. Stockholders must make their own decision as to whether to tender their shares and, if so, how many shares to tender and at what price or prices. Prior to making any decision with respect to the offer, stockholders should read carefully the information in the offer to purchase and the related letter of transmittal (as they may be amended or supplemented), including the purposes and effects of the offer. Stockholders are urged to discuss their decisions with their own brokers, if any, and their financial and tax advisors. The offer materials are being sent to holders of the common stock. Holders may also obtain copies of the offer materials online at the website of the Securities and Exchange Commission at www.sec.gov as exhibits to the Tender Offer Statement on Schedule TO filed by CIT today with the SEC. ### CIT has retained J.P. Morgan Securities LLC as Lead Dealer Manager and Barclays Capital Inc. and Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. as the Co-Dealer Managers for the Offer. Evercore is acting as advisor to CIT’s Board of Directors on the transaction. Georgeson LLC is acting as the information agent and Computershare Trust Company, N.A. is acting as the depositary for the offer. For additional information regarding the terms of the offer, please contact: J.P. Morgan Securities LLC at (877) 371-5947 (toll-free) or (212) 622-4401 (direct). Requests for documents and questions regarding the tendering of securities may be directed to Georgeson LLC by telephone at (877) 278-4774 or to the Lead Dealer Manager at its telephone number above. CIT is making the tender offer only by, and pursuant to, the terms of the offer to purchase and the letter of transmittal. Stockholders must make their own decision as to whether to tender their shares and, if so, in what amount to tender.  The tender offer is not being made to stockholders in any jurisdiction in which the making or acceptance thereof would not be in compliance with the blue sky or other laws of such jurisdiction.  In any jurisdiction in which the blue sky or other laws require the tender offer to be made by a licensed broker or dealer, the tender offer will be deemed to be made on behalf of CIT by the dealer managers, or one or more registered brokers or dealers that are licensed under the laws of such jurisdiction. This press release does not constitute an offer to purchase securities or a solicitation of an offer to sell any securities or an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to purchase any new securities, nor does it constitute an offer or solicitation in any jurisdiction in which such offer or solicitation is unlawful.  Forward-Looking Statements This press release contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of applicable federal securities laws that are based upon our current expectations and assumptions concerning future events, which are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those anticipated. The words „expect,” „anticipate,” „estimate,” „forecast,” „initiative,” „objective,” „plan,” „goal,” „project,” „outlook,” „priorities,” „target,” „intend,” „evaluate,” „pursue,” „commence,” „seek,” „may,” „would,” „could,” „should,” „believe,” „potential,” „continue,” or the negative of any of those words or similar expressions is intended to identify forward-looking statements. All statements contained in this press release, other than statements of historical fact, including without limitation, statements about our plans, strategies, prospects and expectations regarding future events and our financial performance, are forward-looking statements that involve certain risks and uncertainties. While these statements represent our current judgment on what the future may hold, and we believe these judgments are reasonable, these statements are not guarantees of any events or financial results, and our actual results may differ materially. We describe risks that could affect our results in Item 1A, „Risk Factors,” of our latest Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2016, which was filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Accordingly, you should not place undue reliance on the forward-looking statements contained in this press release. These forward-looking statements speak only as of the date on which the statements were made. The Company undertakes no obligation to update publicly or otherwise revise any forward-looking statements, except where expressly required by law. About CIT Founded in 1908, CIT (NYSE: CIT) is a financial holding company with $63 billion in assets as of March 31, 2017. Its principal bank subsidiary, CIT Bank, N.A. (Member FDIC, Equal Housing Lender), has more than $30 billion of deposits and more than $40 billion of assets. CIT provides financing, leasing, and advisory services principally to middle-market companies and small businesses across a wide variety of industries. It also offers products and services to consumers through its Internet bank franchise and a network of retail branches in Southern California, operating as OneWest Bank, a division of CIT Bank, N.A. For more information visit cit.com.  Contacts CIT MEDIA RELATIONS: Gina Proia (212) 771-6008 Gina.Proia@cit.com   CIT INVESTOR RELATIONS: Barbara Callahan (973) 740-5058 Barbara.Callahan@cit.com To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/cit-announces-cash-tender-offer-for-up-to-2750000000-of-its-common-stock-300446778.html SOURCE CIT Group Inc. Related Links http://www.cit.com CategoriesUncategorized TagsAcquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Post navigation Previous PostPrevious E-Cigarettes Do Not Promote Cancer Growth in Lab Tests Next PostNext Cologuard growth accelerates to $48.4 million in revenue during first quarter; volume grows 150 percent year over year to 100,000 completed tests Search Recent Posts 2nd Annual Afognak Youth Charity Golf Tournament Global High Pressure Laminate (HPL) Market Forecasts to 2021 and Analysis Global Outboard Electric Trolling Motor Market Analysis to 2021 and Forecasts 2017 Bike Commuter of the Year Winners Announced SARES REGIS Multifamily Fund Acquires 1,094 Apartments in Q4 2016 Proudly powered by WordPress
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Prudential plc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Prudential plc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Baader Bank Analysts Give Bayer AG (BAYN) a €87.00 Price Target Waters Co. (WAT) Lifted to “Buy” at Zacks Investment Research Deutsche Lufthansa AG (LHA) Given a €14.00 Price Target at Commerzbank Ag Legal & General Group Plc (LGEN) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Royal Bank of Canada Prudential plc (PRU) Earns “Sector Performer” Rating from Royal Bank of Canada Neos Therapeutics Inc (NEOS) Short Interest Up 7.5% in March Gemphire Therapeutics Inc (GEMP) Short Interest Update Advantage Investment Management LLC Buys New Stake in Alphabet Inc (GOOGL) P H Glatfelter Co (GLT) Rating Increased to Hold at Zacks Investment Research Snap Inc (SNAP) Coverage Initiated at Raymond James Financial, Inc. Zacks Investment Research Upgrades Fortescue Metals G (FSUGY) to “Hold” Zacks Investment Research Upgrades First Connecticut Bancorp Inc (FBNK) to Strong-Buy Twilio Inc (TWLO) Rating Reiterated by William Blair GasLog Ltd (GLOG) Rating Lowered to Strong Sell at Zacks Investment Research Castleark Management LLC Has $211,000 Position in Pfizer Inc. (PFE) Advantage Investment Management LLC Takes Position in AT&T Inc. (T) Castleark Management LLC Has $320,000 Position in Procter & Gamble Co (PG) Teachers Retirement System of The State of Kentucky Cuts Position in Procter & Gamble Co (PG) AQR Capital Management LLC Purchases Shares of 15,426 Kronos Worldwide, Inc. (KRO) AQR Capital Management LLC Has $175,000 Stake in IAMGOLD Corp (IAG) Prudential plc (PRU) Earns “Sector Performer” Rating from Royal Bank of Canada April 27th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Latisha Jones Filed Under: Analyst Articles - UK - Finance Tweet Prudential plc (LON:PRU)‘s stock had its “sector performer” rating reaffirmed by equities researchers at Royal Bank of Canada in a report released on Thursday. They presently have a GBX 1,600 ($20.46) price target on the financial services provider’s stock. Royal Bank of Canada’s price objective would suggest a potential downside of 7.14% from the stock’s current price. PRU has been the subject of several other reports. JPMorgan Chase & Co. upgraded shares of Prudential plc to a “neutral” rating and lifted their price objective for the company from GBX 1,450 ($18.54) to GBX 1,705 ($21.80) in a research note on Friday, March 17th. HSBC Holdings plc set a GBX 1,890 ($24.16) price objective on shares of Prudential plc and gave the company a “buy” rating in a research note on Friday, January 13th. Goldman Sachs Group Inc restated a “conviction-buy” rating and set a GBX 1,775 ($22.69) price objective on shares of Prudential plc in a research note on Wednesday, March 15th. Macquarie restated an “outperform” rating and set a GBX 1,683 ($21.52) price objective on shares of Prudential plc in a research note on Thursday, March 9th. Finally, Canaccord Genuity lifted their price objective on shares of Prudential plc from GBX 1,700 ($21.73) to GBX 1,900 ($24.29) and gave the company a “buy” rating in a research note on Friday, March 17th. One investment analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, five have given a hold rating and fourteen have assigned a buy rating to the company’s stock. The company has an average rating of “Buy” and a consensus price target of GBX 1,815.79 ($23.21). Prudential plc (LON:PRU) opened at 1721.50 on Thursday. Prudential plc has a 12 month low of GBX 1,096.00 and a 12 month high of GBX 1,801.50. The company’s 50-day moving average is GBX 1,686.90 and its 200-day moving average is GBX 1,577.42. The company’s market cap is GBX 44.25 billion. The company also recently announced a dividend, which will be paid on Friday, May 19th. Investors of record on Thursday, March 30th will be paid a GBX 30.57 ($0.39) dividend. This is a boost from Prudential plc’s previous dividend of $12.93. This represents a dividend yield of 1.78%. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Thursday, March 30th. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY WARNING: “Prudential plc (PRU) Earns “Sector Performer” Rating from Royal Bank of Canada” was first published by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are viewing this story on another publication, it was copied illegally and reposted in violation of U.S. & international trademark and copyright laws. The legal version of this story can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/27/prudential-plc-pru-earns-sector-performer-rating-from-royal-bank-of-canada.html. In related news, insider John W. Foley sold 22,807 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction on Tuesday, April 4th. The shares were sold at an average price of GBX 1,663 ($21.26), for a total value of £379,280.41 ($484,889.30). Also, insider Tony Paul Wilkey sold 147,537 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction on Monday, April 3rd. The shares were sold at an average price of GBX 1,663 ($21.26), for a total transaction of £2,453,540.31 ($3,136,717.35). Over the last quarter, insiders purchased 34 shares of company stock valued at $55,326. Prudential plc Company Profile Prudential Public Limited Company is an international financial services company. The Company has operations in Asia, the United States and the United Kingdom. Its segments include Insurance operations, including Asia, the United States (Jackson National Life Insurance Company (Jackson)) and the United Kingdom, and Asset management operations, including Eastspring Investments, the United States broker-dealer and asset management, M&G and Prudential Capital. Receive News & Ratings for Prudential plc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Prudential plc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Judge Uses Comment by President Trump in Ruling Fight for Border Wall Approaches in Attempt to Avoid Shutdown President Trump Attempting To Repeal ACA Again Vice President Pence Says North Korea Should Not Test U.S. Resolve Trump’s Back and Forth on Economics © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Legal & General Group Plc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Legal & General Group Plc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Baader Bank Analysts Give Bayer AG (BAYN) a €87.00 Price Target Waters Co. (WAT) Lifted to “Buy” at Zacks Investment Research Deutsche Lufthansa AG (LHA) Given a €14.00 Price Target at Commerzbank Ag Legal & General Group Plc (LGEN) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Royal Bank of Canada Prudential plc (PRU) Earns “Sector Performer” Rating from Royal Bank of Canada Neos Therapeutics Inc (NEOS) Short Interest Up 7.5% in March Gemphire Therapeutics Inc (GEMP) Short Interest Update Advantage Investment Management LLC Buys New Stake in Alphabet Inc (GOOGL) P H Glatfelter Co (GLT) Rating Increased to Hold at Zacks Investment Research Snap Inc (SNAP) Coverage Initiated at Raymond James Financial, Inc. Zacks Investment Research Upgrades Fortescue Metals G (FSUGY) to “Hold” Zacks Investment Research Upgrades First Connecticut Bancorp Inc (FBNK) to Strong-Buy Twilio Inc (TWLO) Rating Reiterated by William Blair GasLog Ltd (GLOG) Rating Lowered to Strong Sell at Zacks Investment Research Castleark Management LLC Has $211,000 Position in Pfizer Inc. (PFE) Advantage Investment Management LLC Takes Position in AT&T Inc. (T) Castleark Management LLC Has $320,000 Position in Procter & Gamble Co (PG) Teachers Retirement System of The State of Kentucky Cuts Position in Procter & Gamble Co (PG) AQR Capital Management LLC Purchases Shares of 15,426 Kronos Worldwide, Inc. (KRO) AQR Capital Management LLC Has $175,000 Stake in IAMGOLD Corp (IAG) Legal & General Group Plc (LGEN) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Royal Bank of Canada April 27th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Jeff Wilder Filed Under: Analyst Articles - UK - Finance Tweet Legal & General Group Plc (LON:LGEN)‘s stock had its “outperform” rating reiterated by investment analysts at Royal Bank of Canada in a research report issued on Thursday. They presently have a GBX 310 ($3.96) target price on the financial services provider’s stock. Royal Bank of Canada’s price objective suggests a potential upside of 18.73% from the stock’s current price. Other analysts have also issued research reports about the company. Credit Suisse Group AG began coverage on Legal & General Group Plc in a report on Thursday. They issued an “underperform” rating and a GBX 215 ($2.75) price objective for the company. JPMorgan Chase & Co. restated an “underweight” rating and issued a GBX 197 ($2.52) price objective on shares of Legal & General Group Plc in a report on Thursday, March 9th. Barclays PLC restated an “overweight” rating and issued a GBX 282 ($3.61) price objective on shares of Legal & General Group Plc in a report on Thursday, March 9th. Shore Capital restated a “buy” rating on shares of Legal & General Group Plc in a report on Wednesday, March 8th. Finally, Jefferies Group LLC upped their target price on Legal & General Group Plc from GBX 225 ($2.88) to GBX 249 ($3.18) and gave the company a “hold” rating in a report on Wednesday, March 22nd. Three analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, five have assigned a hold rating and eight have given a buy rating to the company. The stock has a consensus rating of “Hold” and a consensus price target of GBX 251.93 ($3.22). Shares of Legal & General Group Plc (LON:LGEN) opened at 247.0002 on Thursday. Legal & General Group Plc has a 12-month low of GBX 160.50 and a 12-month high of GBX 262.06. The firm’s market cap is GBX 14.66 billion. The firm has a 50-day moving average price of GBX 249.94 and a 200-day moving average price of GBX 239.29. The firm also recently disclosed a dividend, which will be paid on Thursday, June 8th. Investors of record on Thursday, April 27th will be paid a GBX 10.35 ($0.13) dividend. This is an increase from Legal & General Group Plc’s previous dividend of $4.00. This represents a yield of 4.16%. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Thursday, April 27th. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY NOTICE: This report was posted by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are accessing this report on another site, it was illegally stolen and republished in violation of United States and international trademark and copyright laws. The legal version of this report can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/27/legal-general-group-plc-lgen-stock-rating-reaffirmed-by-royal-bank-of-canada.html. In other news, insider Richard H. Meddings bought 1,097 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction on Wednesday, March 1st. The shares were bought at an average cost of GBX 251 ($3.21) per share, with a total value of £2,753.47 ($3,520.16). Also, insider John Kingman bought 1,842 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction on Wednesday, February 1st. The stock was purchased at an average cost of GBX 237 ($3.03) per share, for a total transaction of £4,365.54 ($5,581.10). Over the last three months, insiders purchased 11,785 shares of company stock valued at $2,952,119 and sold 226,022 shares valued at $56,286,698. About Legal & General Group Plc Legal & General Group Plc is a holding company. The Company, together with its subsidiaries, transacts life assurance and long-term savings business, investment management and general insurance and health business. It operates through six segments: Legal & General Retirement (LGR), Legal & General Investment Management (LGIM), Legal & General Capital (LGC), Legal & General Insurance (LGI), Savings and General Insurance (GI). Receive News & Ratings for Legal & General Group Plc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Legal & General Group Plc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Judge Uses Comment by President Trump in Ruling Fight for Border Wall Approaches in Attempt to Avoid Shutdown President Trump Attempting To Repeal ACA Again Vice President Pence Says North Korea Should Not Test U.S. Resolve Trump’s Back and Forth on Economics © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Polymetal International PLC - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Polymetal International PLC with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Netscientific PLC (NSCI) Rating Reiterated by Stifel Nicolaus Reckitt Benckiser Group Plc (RB) Earns “Add” Rating from Numis Securities Ltd FinnCap Reaffirms “Corporate” Rating for Nasstar Plc (NASA) Rathbone Brothers plc (RAT) Now Covered by N+1 Singer Polymetal International PLC (POLY) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Berenberg Bank Hochschild Mining Plc (HOC) Given New GBX 285 Price Target at Barclays PLC Hawaiian Holdings, Inc. (HA) Upgraded by Buckingham Research to “Buy” Canaccord Genuity Reiterates Sell Rating for Hunting plc (HTG) Axalta Coating Systems Ltd (AXTA) Rating Lowered to Neutral at Instinet Wedbush Raises Proofpoint Inc (PFPT) Price Target to $93.00 Mattel, Inc. (MAT) PT Lowered to $29.00 Ferrexpo Plc (FXPO) Price Target Increased to GBX 130 by Analysts at Barclays PLC Credit Suisse Group AG Reaffirms Neutral Rating for BT Group plc (BT.A) 243,440 Shares in Rush Enterprises, Inc. (RUSHA) Acquired by Norges Bank UBS Asset Management Americas Inc. Has $4.062 Million Stake in Empire State Realty Trust Inc (ESRT) Ibex Wealth Advisors Buys 1,856 Shares of Facebook Inc (FB) UBS Asset Management Americas Inc. Sells 106,444 Shares of Genworth Financial Inc (GNW) UBS Asset Management Americas Inc. Has $4.097 Million Position in AMERCO (UHAL) Norges Bank Invests $7.881 Million in Hersha Hospitality Trust (HT) Norges Bank Buys Shares of 132,238 GATX Co. (GATX) Polymetal International PLC (POLY) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Berenberg Bank April 27th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Stacy Sanders Filed Under: Analyst Articles - UK - Finance Tweet Polymetal International PLC (LON:POLY)‘s stock had its “buy” rating reaffirmed by research analysts at Berenberg Bank in a note issued to investors on Tuesday. They currently have a GBX 960 ($12.27) price objective on the mining company’s stock. Berenberg Bank’s price objective would suggest a potential downside of 6.71% from the company’s current price. Several other equities research analysts have also recently issued reports on the stock. JPMorgan Chase & Co. cut shares of Polymetal International PLC to an “underweight” rating and lifted their price objective for the company from GBX 680 ($8.69) to GBX 980 ($12.53) in a research report on Wednesday, March 29th. Goldman Sachs Group Inc restated a “buy” rating and issued a GBX 1,100 ($14.06) price target on shares of Polymetal International PLC in a research report on Thursday, March 16th. Jefferies Group LLC restated an “underperform” rating and issued a GBX 650 ($8.31) price target on shares of Polymetal International PLC in a research report on Monday, February 6th. Panmure Gordon initiated coverage on shares of Polymetal International PLC in a research report on Wednesday, March 15th. They issued a “buy” rating and a GBX 1,192 ($15.24) price target on the stock. Finally, Citigroup Inc reduced their price target on shares of Polymetal International PLC from GBX 1,014 ($12.96) to GBX 1,000 ($12.78) and set a “neutral” rating on the stock in a research report on Friday, March 17th. Two analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, six have given a hold rating and four have assigned a buy rating to the company’s stock. The company currently has an average rating of “Hold” and an average price target of GBX 849.42 ($10.86). Polymetal International PLC (LON:POLY) opened at 1029.00 on Tuesday. The firm has a 50-day moving average of GBX 1,012.03 and a 200-day moving average of GBX 909.23. Polymetal International PLC has a 1-year low of GBX 665.00 and a 1-year high of GBX 1,367.91. The stock’s market cap is GBX 4.42 billion. The firm also recently announced a dividend, which will be paid on Friday, May 26th. Stockholders of record on Thursday, May 4th will be given a dividend of €0.18 ($0.20) per share. This is a positive change from Polymetal International PLC’s previous dividend of $0.15. The ex-dividend date is Thursday, May 4th. This represents a dividend yield of 1.54%. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY WARNING: This piece of content was originally reported by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are viewing this piece of content on another website, it was stolen and republished in violation of international trademark & copyright legislation. The legal version of this piece of content can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/27/polymetal-international-plc-poly-stock-rating-reaffirmed-by-berenberg-bank.html. About Polymetal International PLC Polymetal International plc is a gold and silver mining company operating in Russia, Kazakhstan and Armenia. The Company operates through nine segments: Voro (CJSC Gold of Northern Urals); Okhotsk operations (LLC Okhotskaya Mining and Exploration Company and Svetloye LLC); Dukat (JSC Magadan Silver); Omolon (Omolon Gold Mining Company LLC); Varvara (JSC Varvarinskoye; JSC Komarovskoye Mining Company); Amursk/Albazino (Albazino Resources Ltd, Amur Hydrometallurgical Plant LLC); Mayskoye (Mayskoye Gold Mining Company LLC); Kyzyl (Bakyrchik Mining Venture LLP and Inter Gold Capital LLP), and Armenia (Kapan MPC CJSC and LV Gold Mining CJSC). Receive News & Ratings for Polymetal International PLC Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Polymetal International PLC and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Judge Uses Comment by President Trump in Ruling Fight for Border Wall Approaches in Attempt to Avoid Shutdown President Trump Attempting To Repeal ACA Again Vice President Pence Says North Korea Should Not Test U.S. Resolve Trump’s Back and Forth on Economics © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Reckitt Benckiser Group Plc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Reckitt Benckiser Group Plc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Netscientific PLC (NSCI) Rating Reiterated by Stifel Nicolaus Reckitt Benckiser Group Plc (RB) Earns “Add” Rating from Numis Securities Ltd FinnCap Reaffirms “Corporate” Rating for Nasstar Plc (NASA) Rathbone Brothers plc (RAT) Now Covered by N+1 Singer Polymetal International PLC (POLY) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Berenberg Bank Hochschild Mining Plc (HOC) Given New GBX 285 Price Target at Barclays PLC Hawaiian Holdings, Inc. (HA) Upgraded by Buckingham Research to “Buy” Canaccord Genuity Reiterates Sell Rating for Hunting plc (HTG) Axalta Coating Systems Ltd (AXTA) Rating Lowered to Neutral at Instinet Wedbush Raises Proofpoint Inc (PFPT) Price Target to $93.00 Mattel, Inc. (MAT) PT Lowered to $29.00 Ferrexpo Plc (FXPO) Price Target Increased to GBX 130 by Analysts at Barclays PLC Credit Suisse Group AG Reaffirms Neutral Rating for BT Group plc (BT.A) 243,440 Shares in Rush Enterprises, Inc. (RUSHA) Acquired by Norges Bank UBS Asset Management Americas Inc. Has $4.062 Million Stake in Empire State Realty Trust Inc (ESRT) Ibex Wealth Advisors Buys 1,856 Shares of Facebook Inc (FB) UBS Asset Management Americas Inc. Sells 106,444 Shares of Genworth Financial Inc (GNW) UBS Asset Management Americas Inc. Has $4.097 Million Position in AMERCO (UHAL) Norges Bank Invests $7.881 Million in Hersha Hospitality Trust (HT) Norges Bank Buys Shares of 132,238 GATX Co. (GATX) Reckitt Benckiser Group Plc (RB) Earns “Add” Rating from Numis Securities Ltd April 27th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Stacy Sanders Filed Under: Analyst Articles - UK - Finance Tweet Numis Securities Ltd reiterated their add rating on shares of Reckitt Benckiser Group Plc (LON:RB) in a research report report published on Monday morning. Numis Securities Ltd currently has a GBX 8,000 ($102.28) price target on the stock. Several other brokerages have also recently commented on RB. JPMorgan Chase & Co. reissued a neutral rating and set a GBX 6,750 ($86.30) price target on shares of Reckitt Benckiser Group Plc in a research report on Friday, February 3rd. Goldman Sachs Group Inc set a GBX 7,130 ($91.15) price target on shares of Reckitt Benckiser Group Plc and gave the stock a neutral rating in a research report on Friday, January 20th. Shore Capital reissued a hold rating on shares of Reckitt Benckiser Group Plc in a research report on Monday, April 3rd. Kepler Capital Markets cut their price target on shares of Reckitt Benckiser Group Plc from GBX 8,500 ($108.67) to GBX 8,100 ($103.55) and set a buy rating on the stock in a research report on Wednesday, February 15th. Finally, Credit Suisse Group AG reissued an outperform rating and set a GBX 7,800 ($99.72) price target on shares of Reckitt Benckiser Group Plc in a research report on Wednesday, March 1st. One equities research analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, nine have issued a hold rating and fourteen have assigned a buy rating to the company. Reckitt Benckiser Group Plc presently has an average rating of Buy and a consensus price target of GBX 7,927.73 ($101.35). Reckitt Benckiser Group Plc (LON:RB) opened at 7241.00 on Monday. Reckitt Benckiser Group Plc has a 12-month low of GBX 6,496.00 and a 12-month high of GBX 7,786.00. The firm’s 50-day moving average price is GBX 7,332.06 and its 200 day moving average price is GBX 7,053.80. The company’s market capitalization is GBX 50.69 billion. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY NOTICE: This news story was first posted by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are reading this news story on another publication, it was illegally copied and reposted in violation of United States & international trademark and copyright laws. The legal version of this news story can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/27/reckitt-benckiser-group-plc-rb-earns-add-rating-from-numis-securities-ltd.html. The company also recently declared a dividend, which will be paid on Thursday, May 25th. Investors of record on Thursday, April 13th will be given a dividend of GBX 95 ($1.21) per share. This represents a dividend yield of 1.31%. The ex-dividend date is Thursday, April 13th. About Reckitt Benckiser Group Plc Reckitt Benckiser Group plc is a manufacturer and marketer of health, hygiene and home products. The Company’s segments include ENA, DvM and Food. The ENA segment consists of Europe, Russia/Commonwealth of Independent States (CIS), Israel, North America, Australia and New Zealand. The DvM segment consists of North Africa, Middle East (excluding Israel) and Turkey, Africa, South Asia, North Asia, Latin America, Japan, Korea and the Association of Southeast Asian Nations (ASEAN). Receive News & Ratings for Reckitt Benckiser Group Plc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Reckitt Benckiser Group Plc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Judge Uses Comment by President Trump in Ruling Fight for Border Wall Approaches in Attempt to Avoid Shutdown President Trump Attempting To Repeal ACA Again Vice President Pence Says North Korea Should Not Test U.S. Resolve Trump’s Back and Forth on Economics © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
X Edition: United States Business Business Home Legal Deals Aerospace & Defense Finance Autos Reuters Summits ADventures Data Dive Markets Markets Home U.S. Markets European Markets Asian Markets Global Market Data Stocks Bonds Currencies Commodities Futures Funds Earnings Dividends World World Home U.S. Special Reports Reuters Investigates Euro Zone Middle East China Japan Mexico Brazil Africa Russia India Politics Politics Home Polling Explorer Live: Trump's First 100 Days Supreme Court Tech Technology Home Science Top 100 Global Innovators Media Environment Innovation Commentary Commentary Home Podcasts Breakingviews Breakingviews Home Breakingviews Video Money Money Home Retirement Lipper Awards Analyst Research Stock Screener Fund Screener Life Health Sports Arts Entertainment Oddly Enough Pictures Pictures Home The Wider Image Photographers Focus 360 Video EMERGING MARKETS-Turkish assets outperform emerging markets after surprise... Africa América Latina عربي Argentina Brasil Canada 中国 Deutschland España France India Italia 日本 México РОССИЯ United Kingdom United States Bonds News | Thu Apr 27, 2017 | 5:38am EDT EMERGING MARKETS-Turkish assets outperform emerging markets after surprise rate rise By Claire Milhench | LONDON, April 27 LONDON, April 27 The Turkish lira rallied to four-month highs on Thursday after a surprise policy tightening decision reassured investors about the central bank's resolve on inflation, while Mexico's peso rose after U.S. comments on the NAFTA trade deal. The lira strengthened 0.5 percent towards its firmest level since January after the central bank hiked the highest of its multiple interest rates on Wednesday in an attempt to rein in double-digit inflation. Annual inflation soared to 11.29 percent last month, its highest in 8-1/2 years, as currency weakness stoked a surge in food and transport prices. The latest hike and liquidity measures are expected to raise the weighted average cost of funding by 25 basis points to 11.75 percent. But it may also reassure investors that the central bank may be able to tackle inflation without government interference. "The move was surprising in the sense as it came at a time of relative stability in the lira given that the central bank seems to generally respond to lira weakness," said Inan Demir, senior emerging market economist at Nomura. "But it might still have a defensive element given that we will see next week the April inflation release ... and yesterday's hike may be aiming to preempt that inflation increase and preempt an erosion of real rates into negative territory." He predicted inflation would rise to 12 percent. JPMorgan told clients the move had injected "a significant dose of confidence" which could spark a more durable rally in local currency assets, adding it was moving to an overweight position in lira and Turkish local bonds in its model portfolio. Local 10-year sovereign bond yields fell to the lowest since November 2016 while five-year credit default swaps eased to 212 basis points, their tightest in 21 months. The average yield spread paid by Turkish sovereign bonds over U.S. Treasuries on the JPMorgan EMBI Global Diversified index also narrowed 1 basis point to 291 basis points, the lowest level since July 2016. Mexico's peso, which had slumped 1.75 percent on Wednesday on reports that the United States was considering withdrawing from the North American Free Trade Agreement (NAFTA), rose one percent as President Donald Trump said he would not immediately scrap the pact. A disruption in trade could wreak havoc in the auto sector and other industries, hitting profits at companies that have benefited from zero-level tariffs and Mexico's relatively low labour costs. Mexican trade figures for March are due out later on Thursday. Emerging currencies were also supported more broadly by the lack of specifics in Trump's long-awaited U.S. tax cut plan, which many fear will be difficult to achieve and which weighed on the dollar. Russia's rouble gained 0.3 percent. Investors will be looking to an ECB interest rate decision later in the day and will scrutinise policymakers' comments for any clues on whether it will start to pare monetary stimulus in the coming months. The rally in emerging market equities ran out of steam, with MSCI's benchmark emerging stocks index down 0.2 percent. For GRAPHIC on emerging market FX performance 2017, see tmsnrt.rs/2e7eoml For GRAPHIC on MSCI emerging index performance 2017, see tmsnrt.rs/2dZbdP5 For CENTRAL EUROPE market report, see For TURKISH market report, see For RUSSIAN market report, see) (Additional reporting by Karin Strohecker; Editing by Catherine Evans) Our Standards: The Thomson Reuters Trust Principles Next In Bonds News BRIEF-Moody's says outlook on Vietnam's ratings changed to positive from stable, ratings affirmed * Moody's changes the outlook on Vietnam's ratings to positive from stable, ratings affirmed RPT-London banks set to decide within weeks on Brexit moves FRANKFURT/LONDON, April 27 As Britain prepares to negotiate its EU departure, a number of banks are likely to decide within two months where to set up new continental bases to make sure they can keep serving clients in the bloc after Brexit. MORE FROM REUTERS Sponsored Content From Around the WebPromoted by Revcontent Trending Stories Pictures Photos of the day Sponsored Topics X Follow Reuters: Follow Us On Twitter Follow Us On Facebook Follow Us On RSS Follow Us On Instagram Follow Us On YouTube Follow Us On LinkedIn Subscribe: Feeds | Newsletters | Podcasts | Apps Reuters News Agency | Brand Attribution Guidelines | Careers Reuters is the news and media division of Thomson Reuters. Thomson Reuters is the world's largest international multimedia news agency, providing investing news, world news, business news, technology news, headline news, small business news, news alerts, personal finance, stock market, and mutual funds information available on Reuters.com, video, mobile, and interactive television platforms. Learn more about Thomson Reuters products: Eikon Information, analytics and exclusive news on financial markets - delivered in an intuitive desktop and mobile interface Elektron Everything you need to empower your workflow and enhance your enterprise data management World-Check Screen for heightened risk individual and entities globally to help uncover hidden risks in business relationships and human networks Westlaw Build the strongest argument relying on authoritative content, attorney-editor expertise, and industry defining technology ONESOURCE The most comprehensive solution to manage all your complex and ever-expanding tax and compliance needs CHECKPOINT The industry leader for online information for tax, accounting and finance professionals All quotes delayed a minimum of 15 minutes. See here for a complete list of exchanges and delays. Site Feedback Corrections Advertising Guidelines Cookies Terms of Use Privacy Policy
Photos Videos Topics Live Cricket Score Home India Mumbai Delhi World Business Technology Sports IPL Entertainment Bollywood Hollywood Television Lifestyle Education & Careers TRENDING# Vinod Khanna Udan Vijay Mallya Donald Trump IPL 2017 News Business News EMERGING MARKETS-Turkish assets outperform emerging markets after surprise rate rise Shares1 Thu, 27 Apr 2017-03:14pm , Reuters The Turkish lira rallied to four-month highs on Thursday after a surprise policy tightening decision reassured investors about the central bank's resolve on inflation, while Mexico's peso rose after U.S. comments on the NAFTA trade deal. The lira strengthened 0.5 percent towards its firmest level since January after the central bank hiked the highest of its multiple interest rates on Wednesday in an attempt to rein in double-digit inflation. Annual inflation soared to 11.29 percent last month, its highest in 8-1/2 years, as currency weakness stoked a surge in food and transport prices. The latest hike and liquidity measures are expected to raise the weighted average cost of funding by 25 basis points to 11.75 percent. But it may also reassure investors that the central bank may be able to tackle inflation without government interference. "The move was surprising in the sense as it came at a time of relative stability in the lira given that the central bank seems to generally respond to lira weakness," said Inan Demir, senior emerging market economist at Nomura. "But it might still have a defensive element given that we will see next week the April inflation release ... and yesterday's hike may be aiming to preempt that inflation increase and preempt an erosion of real rates into negative territory." He predicted inflation would rise to 12 percent. JPMorgan told clients the move had injected "a significant dose of confidence" which could spark a more durable rally in local currency assets, adding it was moving to an overweight position in lira and Turkish local bonds in its model portfolio. Local 10-year sovereign bond yields fell to the lowest since November 2016 while five-year credit default swaps eased to 212 basis points, their tightest in 21 months. The average yield spread paid by Turkish sovereign bonds over U.S. Treasuries on the JPMorgan EMBI Global Diversified index also narrowed 1 basis point to 291 basis points, the lowest level since July 2016. Mexico's peso, which had slumped 1.75 percent on Wednesday on reports that the United States was considering withdrawing from the North American Free Trade Agreement (NAFTA), rose one percent as President Donald Trump said he would not immediately scrap the pact. A disruption in trade could wreak havoc in the auto sector and other industries, hitting profits at companies that have benefited from zero-level tariffs and Mexico's relatively low labour costs. Mexican trade figures for March are due out later on Thursday. Emerging currencies were also supported more broadly by the lack of specifics in Trump's long-awaited U.S. tax cut plan, which many fear will be difficult to achieve and which weighed on the dollar. Russia's rouble gained 0.3 percent. Investors will be looking to an ECB interest rate decision later in the day and will scrutinise policymakers' comments for any clues on whether it will start to pare monetary stimulus in the coming months. The rally in emerging market equities ran out of steam, with MSCI's benchmark emerging stocks index down 0.2 percent. For GRAPHIC on emerging market FX performance 2017, see http://tmsnrt.rs/2e7eoml For GRAPHIC on MSCI emerging index performance 2017, see http://tmsnrt.rs/2dZbdP5 For CENTRAL EUROPE market report, see For TURKISH market report, see For RUSSIAN market report, see) (This article has not been edited by DNA's editorial team and is auto-generated from an agency feed.) TOP TOP   Comments   Also Read Money How travel cover can be an indispensible companion away from home Money Paytm sets sights on Digital Gold Money Returns, not label, matter in funds both value and growth Money Hudco to raise Rs 1,200 cr in first PSU IPO in five years Money Go on a world tour…virtually Money As Gypsy heads for sunset, Storme arrives Live Cricket Score Kolkata Knight Riders vs Delhi Daredevils Fri, 28 April 2017, 04:00 PM IST Related Zee bets on LatAm, launches movie channel in Mexico, Ecuador Low crude prices lift Reliance Industries as Q4 net hits record high Ex-RBI Governor Raghuram Rajan warns of 'policy uncertainty' for world economy Video WATCH: Baby elephant joins its mother in the cutest elephant attack on safari visitors! WATCH | #EarthDayWithDNA: Would you treat a person the way you treat the environment? Wayward cows and roadside dancing: WATCH this hilarious spoof of 'Fast and Furious' in India! View all Tags Mexico Donald Trump MSCI Russia Central Europe United States Nafta U. S. Treasuries ECB Free Trade Agreement Nomura SITE INDEX About DNA Contact us Investors Advertise Reprint Rights News Time for decisive action, not rhetoric: Cong on Kupwara attack Half of Scots don't want independence vote before Brexit - YouGov poll UP STF raids petrol pumps, eight caught using cheating chip Cyprus President Nicos Anastasiades @ 4/28/2017 12:33:40 PM Arunachal Pradesh monastery sets aside forest area as CCA Sport Soccer-Bullet point previews of Premier League matches 10-man United hold Man City to scoreless stalemate in PL clash 7th Junior Women's Hockey C'ship- Andhra Pradesh beat Bengal 9-2 Soccer-Bullet point previews of Premier League matches Soccer-Bullet point previews of Premier League matches Entertainment Baahubali 2 Review: Despite a disappointing climax, the SS Rajamouli film is engaging and deserves to be seen! Rishi Kapoor tears into Gen Y stars for ditching Vinod Khanna's funeral Fans 'cannot wait' to know 'Why Kattapa killed Baahubali' Laverne Cox to guest judge 'America's Got Talent' season 12 OMG! Saif Ali Khan's Langda Tyagi from 'Omkara' to have a film of its own! Money GST to push India's growth but bad loans still a problem: IMF Jaitley promises no surprises in GST rate fixation Upsurge in demand lifts refined soya oil futures by 0.35% GST to push India's growth to over eight per cent: IMF Just Eat's chairman takes leave of absence for medical treatment Partner site: Zee News ©2017 Diligent Media Corporation Ltd.
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad EMERGING MARKETS-Turkish assets outperform emerging markets after surprise rate rise By Reuters Published: 05:40 EDT, 27 April 2017 | Updated: 05:40 EDT, 27 April 2017 e-mail By Claire Milhench LONDON, April 27 (Reuters) - The Turkish lira rallied to four-month highs on Thursday after a surprise policy tightening decision reassured investors about the central bank's resolve on inflation, while Mexico's peso rose after U.S. comments on the NAFTA trade deal. The lira strengthened 0.5 percent towards its firmest level since January after the central bank hiked the highest of its multiple interest rates on Wednesday in an attempt to rein in double-digit inflation. Annual inflation soared to 11.29 percent last month, its highest in 8-1/2 years, as currency weakness stoked a surge in food and transport prices. The latest hike and liquidity measures are expected to raise the weighted average cost of funding by 25 basis points to 11.75 percent. But it may also reassure investors that the central bank may be able to tackle inflation without government interference. "The move was surprising in the sense as it came at a time of relative stability in the lira given that the central bank seems to generally respond to lira weakness," said Inan Demir, senior emerging market economist at Nomura. "But it might still have a defensive element given that we will see next week the April inflation release ... and yesterday's hike may be aiming to preempt that inflation increase and preempt an erosion of real rates into negative territory." He predicted inflation would rise to 12 percent. JPMorgan told clients the move had injected "a significant dose of confidence" which could spark a more durable rally in local currency assets, adding it was moving to an overweight position in lira and Turkish local bonds in its model portfolio. Local 10-year sovereign bond yields fell to the lowest since November 2016 while five-year credit default swaps eased to 212 basis points, their tightest in 21 months. The average yield spread paid by Turkish sovereign bonds over U.S. Treasuries on the JPMorgan EMBI Global Diversified index also narrowed 1 basis point to 291 basis points, the lowest level since July 2016. Mexico's peso, which had slumped 1.75 percent on Wednesday on reports that the United States was considering withdrawing from the North American Free Trade Agreement (NAFTA), rose one percent as President Donald Trump said he would not immediately scrap the pact. A disruption in trade could wreak havoc in the auto sector and other industries, hitting profits at companies that have benefited from zero-level tariffs and Mexico's relatively low labour costs. Mexican trade figures for March are due out later on Thursday. Emerging currencies were also supported more broadly by the lack of specifics in Trump's long-awaited U.S. tax cut plan, which many fear will be difficult to achieve and which weighed on the dollar. Russia's rouble gained 0.3 percent. Investors will be looking to an ECB interest rate decision later in the day and will scrutinise policymakers' comments for any clues on whether it will start to pare monetary stimulus in the coming months. The rally in emerging market equities ran out of steam, with MSCI's benchmark emerging stocks index down 0.2 percent. For GRAPHIC on emerging market FX performance 2017, see http://tmsnrt.rs/2e7eoml For GRAPHIC on MSCI emerging index performance 2017, see http://tmsnrt.rs/2dZbdP5 For CENTRAL EUROPE market report, see For TURKISH market report, see For RUSSIAN market report, see) (Additional reporting by Karin Strohecker; Editing by Catherine Evans) Share or comment on this article e-mail Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS Is the Instagram queen's reign over? Kim Kardashian loses 100,000 followers as she faces backlash over THOSE unairbrushed bikini snaps Jennifer Lopez leaves little to the imagination as she goes sans underwear in TWO DARING sheer cutaway gowns at Billboard Latin Music Awards 'I miss your face': Pregnant Ferne McCann breaks social media silence to like 'long-distance relationship' post... after ex is charged for acid attack 'I take 100 pictures': Rosie Huntington-Whiteley reveals her selfie secrets in sexy shoot... and admits that even SHE is insecure about her looks 'The pressure is on': Kim Kardashian reveals she's stressed out over what to do for Kanye West's 40th birthday A lot to live up to with her romantic husband Time for tea! Afternoon tea is BACK, and here are the yummiest cakes making it 2017's most delicious trend SPONSORED Lime-a-Rita! Ora boldly wraps herself in gaudy bright green dress with split back for Big Love gala She's no stranger to flaunting her body Now that's a football strip! Myleene Klass shares racy snap appearing to show her naked in an Arsenal scarf... before quickly deleting it  Got something to prove? Kylie Jenner posts series of snaps showing off her slender mid-section after being accused of photoshopping her waist Beautiful in Brazil! Kate Moss looks ravishing in crushed velvet gown as she hosts Sao Paulo amFAR gala Was a vision Udder cream, concealer and NO surgery: At 76 years old she's still turning heads, but what IS the secret to Raquel Welch's ageless beauty? She's got some front! Orange Is The New Black star Jackie Cruz puts on eye-popping display in plunging dress at Billboard Latin Music Awards Naked ambition! Eva Longoria goes braless as she wears revealing jacket in bid to steal show at Billboard Latin Music Awards What happened? Star Wars legend Billy Dee Williams is in a wheelchair at LAX weeks after turning 80 Played Lando Calrissian in the Star Wars films Meet the parents! Ashton Kutcher and Mila Kunis enjoy quality time with her mother and father after surprising them in home makeover episode 'I did ask her to marry me!' Scott Disick reveals he once proposed to Kourtney Kardashian after being grilled by sisters Kim and Khloe Davina McCall reveals she's twice called her GP in tears fearing she had Alzheimer's aged just 49 after both her father and grandmother had dementia Nothing to smile about? Kendall Jenner keeps straight face as she leaves LA studio wearing cropped shirt and leggings Katie Holmes dons plunging purple Fabiana Milazzo gown for the Sao Paulo amFAR Gala It was a racier look for the 38-year-old actress 'If only my husband wasn't blocking you in this shot': Blake Lively teases Ryan Reynolds and claims John Legend is 'most influential' man in her life Prints charming! Sofia Vergara flashes cleavage in plunging floral dress as she steps out for lunch in Beverly Hills Meghan's toe-curling turkeys! From a cleaner who works in her undies to a vicious cage fighter, the roles Harry's actress girlfriend would rather forget  Lil' Kim dons lacy jumpsuit and gold thigh-high boots for Can't Stop, Won't Stop premiere at Tribeca Wow factor on the red carpet Vin Diesel shows off his Fast And Furious rapping skills as he joins Nicky Jam at Billboard Latin Music Awards The Fate of the Furious star  Aaron Taylor-Johnson, 26, is dapper in black at premiere of The Wall with wife Sam, 50... after suggesting he might quit acting to focus on fatherhood EXCLUSIVE Rita Ora puts on sizzling display as she strips down to her bikini to model Tezenis' new beachwear collection...after teasing a glimpse at her assets  Diva's day off! Mariah Carey ditches the glamour as she steps out for surprisingly casual day of jewelry shopping in Beverly Hills 'It was cool': Emma Watson reveals going to 'princess boot camp' to prepare for Beauty And The Beast Plays Belle in the box office hit 'I had no idea the amount of hate': Ellen DeGeneres reflects on the 'scary time' that followed her landmark coming-out show 20 years ago She sheer likes him! Emma Roberts flashes flesh in see-through dress as she gazes adoringly at Evan Peters on red carpet Flawless! Olivia Wilde shows off svelte figure in sleeveless black dress at Broadway opening Will make her own Broadway debut soon Gwen Stefani 'ruptures' her eardrum and forced to cancel live Las Vegas performance on 'doctors orders' Shock medical drama for singer Feeling nippy? Transgender model Andreja Pejic goes braless and dons sheer frock at annual Big Love Gala Pregnant Alex Gerrard keeps her baby bump under wraps in low key sweater as she  heads to the salon... weeks before birth of her fourth child Facts Of Life star Charlotte Rae diagnosed with bone cancer at 91... seven years after surviving pancreatic disease Denim days: Cindy Crawford shows off her model legs in skinny jeans as she enjoys some retail therapy with husband Rande Gerber Trophy wife! Z: The Beginning of Everything star Christina Ricci stuns in circle-print dress at Amazon Studios Emmy consideration event Newly-engaged Nikki Bella flaunts more than her diamond in cleavage-baring dress while joined by fiance John Cena at The Wall premiere Chrissy Teigen suits up in dusty pink two-piece for Smirnoff event... and reveals her favorite hangover cure Has plenty of tips Hot metal! Model Coco Rocha wears a silver strapless dress to a star-studded charity event in New York City All that glitters isn't always gold 'No one should have a camera in their face from 17 to 22!' Kristin Cavallari wows in leather bralet after admitting The Hills makes her cringe Seal claims he has NEVER read the countless media reports linking him to Delta Goodrem... but admits the Voice judges do have 'history' together Naomi Watts finds a fan who got her steamy same-sex Mulholland Drive scene tattooed on his chest and pulls down his shirt to expose the ink 'Bachelor' star Chris Soules' new legal team says he 'did everything' to save his neighbor after fatal crash and DENIES that he fled the scene afterward 'I made my stomach so tiny that I could eat two bites and be full': Former TOWIE star Harry Derbidge speaks candidly about his eating disorder battle PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Still heating up the beach! Baywatch vet Donna D'Errico, 49, looks sizzling in signature red bathing suit as she hits Malibu Little Minx! Leather-clad Jade Thirlwall channels her inner dominatrix in thigh-high boots as she appears to WHIP herself in a saucy Instagram video 'It's confusing': Defiant Lauren Goodger claims 'pap pictures' make her look bigger than she is in lengthy tirade... after being accused of doctoring her snaps Can't blame this on the wind! Bella Hadid flashes dainty lace bra in hoodie that's missing a FRONT as she leaves NYC building Bizarre white top Busty is the new black! Jackie Cruz flaunts her figure in a barely there one-piece while on the beach in Miami The actress let it all hang out Pregnant Laura Kenny tenderly cradles her baby bump while going solo at the BT Sport Industry Awards... as she and Jessica Ennis-Hill lead the glamour She's a party princess! Beatrice of York dazzles in a tasseled jacket as she arrives at the Sport Industry Awards for her third consecutive night out this week Pregnant Danielle Lloyd shows off her baby bump in a chic white minidress and primrose yellow jacket as she attends salon opening Still sizzling at 46! Uma Thurman appears youthful in flattering blue bathing suit as she poses away like a Hollywood pinup on Florida beach Hey Pretty Woman! Rita Ora flashes her NIPPLES in sheer vest and fetish PVC outfit as she rocks her raciest look yet for sexy photoshoot  Disney star Michael Mantenuto, 35, from the 2004 Kurt Russell hockey film Miracle, is found dead in his car after shooting himself Tragic Dancing Queen Shirley Ballas 'tipped to be new SCD head judge'... after falling foul of Strictly curse when her husband was seduced by Kristina Rhianoff 'Don't you care about their teeth?' Katie Price slammed on Instagram for sharing photo of Jet, three, and Bunny, two drinking juice from bottles instead of cups 'We're all bursting with love!' Ronan Keating becomes a father for the fourth time as wife Storm gives birth to a baby boy Their first child together Pre-wedding workout, Pippa? As her nuptials draw near Miss Middleton shows off her shapely legs as she visits her exclusive Kensington gym SEBASTIAN SHAKESPEARE: Fergie and her girls sing for their supper at launch of luxury £200million City hotel  £200 million venture  SEBASTIAN SHAKESPEARE: First she 'borrowed' a friend's boyfriend... now Mariella Frostrup invites a girlfriend to share her marital home Brooklyn Beckham keeps things casual for a low-key dinner at The Chiltern Firehouse... as he steers clear of the driver's seat on his way home Sheepish Orlando Bloom steps out for the first time after causing furore by calling himself a 'pikey' live on radio The BBC were forced to apologise on his behalf Barbie's finally found her Ken! Chloe Khan flaunts her ample bust in a peach gown as she shares a smooch with fellow surgery addict Rodrigo Alves Don't tell Phil! Holly Willoughby goes bananas as she shows off her VERY naughty side during X-rated party game with gal pal Fearne Cotton Amber Heard and boyfriend Elon Musk enjoy a series of dates on the Gold Coast ... after her 2015 stay ended in controversy over pet dogs PIERS MORGAN: The week Kim hit rock bottom and finally made me realise I no longer wish to keep up with her or any of the greedy, cynical Kardashian clan 'She doesn't want to talk to me... It's sad': Caitlyn Jenner claims it's been TWO YEARS since she's spoken to Khloe Kardashian Wrecked relationship 'Pregnant' Missé Beqiri shows off her peachy posterior in a thong bikini as she hits the beach in Ibiza with boyfriend Jake Hall A day of fun in the sun 'Us, in Milan': Gigi Hadid unveils candid selfie with Zayn Malik as part of her V magazine pop up Photo Journal Was commissioned to take pictures Una Healy flashes her tanned and toned legs in a dazzling black gown with thigh high split as she judges fashion competition Turned heads Pretty as a petal! Lea Michele plays the girl next store in cute pink floral dress... after sharing risque shot of herself in underwear Personification of pretty Busty Katie Salmon teases a look at her more than ample assets in a slinky pencil dress... as she joins a demure Charlotte Dawson for VIP launch in Liverpool Candice Swanepoel steps out without her engagement ring and bares her belly six months after baby Engaged to Hermann Nicoli since 2015 'I'll see you at the bar': Scarlett Johansson invites doppelganger grandmother Geraldine to come for a drink at her latest premiere Lookalikes Presenter Hayley McQueen almost bursts out of her dress as she struggles with her glitzy gold frock at Sport Industry Awards Looked breathtaking Fringe benefits! Naomi Watts debuts 'fresh haircut' and stylised bangs in behind-the-scenes snap of Twin Peaks  New look 'It makes me so MAD!' Anais Gallagher publicly SLAMS supermodel Bella Hadid on Twitter for wearing fur Just like outspoken dad Noel Rosie Huntington-Whiteley shows off her enviably toned figure as she smoulders in sizzling pre-pregnancy shoot for her new swimwear range Art attack! Demi Lovato debuts her massive lion hand tattoo as she stuns in gold silk dress at WE Day in LA Showed off the formidable feline 'I wanna be the fittest I've ever been': Ex-Geordie Shore star Holly Hagan shares sizzling snap of her gym-honed figure in sexy plunging lingerie set Ashley James cuts a demure figure in a navy pencil dress at jewellery party... a day after she was 'slut-shamed' by a 'sexist' taxi driver for her racy outfit REVEALED: Billionaire Elon Musk 'gave Amber Heard a Tesla during months-long campaign to woo her' The best gifts are the ones you make yourself Enjoying the Views! Shirtless Drake shares a shot of himself at the SAME luxury Caribbean resort his ex Jennifer Lopez and her new beau Alex Rodriguez stayed Making herself right at home! Lauren Pope nestles up to former flame Dan Edgar as she makes a comeback to TOWIE in stomach-baring coords Brad Pitt 'enjoys a fun family dinner with his six kids as they all stay overnight with him for the first time since split with Angelina Jolie' Quality time BAZ BAMIGBOYE: It's All About Cate Blanchett in Bette Davis remake Hollywood star Blanchett will play Margo Channing in a  stage version of All About Eve BBC forced to apologise after Orlando Bloom says the word 'pikey' live on radio show... as 'respectful' actor claims he meant no harm Model behaviour! Lottie Moss storms the catwalk with Sofia Richie for the star-studded Samanatha Thavasa Millenials Show in Tokyo 'I'm afraid of everything': Kim Kardashian panics as crowd assembles during shopping outing... months after horrific robbery in Paris 'Are you and Mariah still sleeping together?': Nick Cannon gets grilled by Wendy Williams about close relationship with his diva ex  Opening up 'I believe she's been through hell': Nicole Contreras takes a swipe at Stephen Belafonte amid divorce with Mel B... as she supports former Spice Girl How sweet it is: Reese Witherspoon is cheery in cherry blouse tucked into white mini skirt while heading to LA office Playful look That's what she likes! Newly-single Janet Jackson takes brother Randy to a Bruno Mars concert as she takes a break from caring for her baby son Karen Gillan insists both she and her Jumanji character Ruby share fans' annoyance at her sexy jungle get up 'but it's for a reason' Shared her response Family rivalry! Melissa Benoist films Supergirl versus Superman fight scene for TV series soaking wet in Vancouver EXCLUSIVE: 'He thought I was a prostitute!': Holly Willoughby reveals she was propositioned by a stranger on drunken night out Bake Off's Prue Leith blasts modern parents who over-indulge their children by 'consulting' them on everything from meals to bed times  New judge BAZ BAMIGBOYE: Harry Potter stage star Noma Dumezweni will work her magic in The Hague   Will star in new eight-part drama Clearly amazing! Christina Milian shows off shapely legs in tight black leggings with sheer panels as she hikes in LA Out and about 'I just kept my t*t out!' Amy Schumer explains how she took the awkwardness out of topless scenes in new movie Snatched with Goldie Hawn Quality time! Sean Penn makes rare appearance with model daughter Dylan Frances as they grab iced tea in LA Daddy-daughter day Just kidding! Selena Gomez heads to WE Day with shoulder length hair after tricking fans into believing she had gone the big chop   Back to normal Justin Bieber's protégé Madison Beer nails the ripped-jean look when hanging out with Selena Gomez and Demi Lovato at WE Day Fashion forward Stepping up! Jenna Dewan flashes toned tum in sexy black two-piece dress while out in LA In Los Angeles on Thursday Sophie Turner slips into skinny jeans as she arrives in Berlin to shoot a movie before continuing work on Game Of Thrones Jetted across the planet  Millie Mackintosh shows off her toned abs in a crop top and scarlet trouser suit as she enjoys date night with beau Hugo Taylor  Red hot 'I had to put a little milk box in my bra': Kim Kardashian reveals she had to pretend to BREASTFEED North, three, so she wouldn't get jealous of Saint, one 'This is dangerous...' Kate Hudson grills mom Goldie Hawn on not giving her advice, dancing on tables and why never to dream of being an actor 'It's no less offensive than anything on SNL': Joseph Fiennes defends Michael Jackson role in controversial spoof... after it was scrapped following complaints Precious cargo! Amanda Seyfried holds on tight to month-old baby daughter as she strolls in LA with her mom Held her close 'We're going to set the world on fire!' Tom Hanks says he has 'top secret plans' to celebrate 29th wedding anniversary with wife Rita Wilson Amber Rose puts on a VERY busty display in tiny feather-trimmed pink mini dress as she parties the night away with pals Not tutu sweet after all T.I. 'served with divorce papers' from estranged wife Tameka 'Tiny' Cottle-Harris...months after she files documents to end marriage Nothing to see here, Kylie! Newly-single Tyga gets cosy with rumoured new love interest Jordan Ozuna as he wraps his arms around lookalike in LA Backlash! Katy Perry's fans voice their anger over her new single Bon Appetit which features 'homophobic' rap group Migos Not happy Geordie Shore's Marnie Simpson flaunts her ample cleavage in a push up bra as she shares racy video Shared a rather racy snap of her push up bra  Slimline Vicky Pattison flaunts her fantastic figure and toned stomach in a bright pink bikini Showing off her fantastic figure in pink EXCLUSIVE: He taught Faye Dunaway to swim and Grace Kelley visited as a princess - ex-pool manager at the Beverly Hills Hotel shares Hollywood secrets Sacré bleu! Explicit drama Versailles continues to shock as Anna Brewster strips off for a bath... and takes part in sadomasochistic sex scene 'I KNEW he did it': Caitlyn Jenner says OJ Simpson was guilty and reveals Kourtney and Kim struggled with their dad defending the man accused of murder Walk on the wild side! Au naturale Alicia Keys wears bold animal print on WE Day red carpet  The 36-year-old singer strutted her stuff at the event Formula Wonder! Jenson Button's model girlfriend Brittny Ward sets pulses racing as she shares sizzling shot of herself posing in a skimpy blue bikini  Calling all Little Monsters! Lady Gaga invites her fans to be extras in her new film A Star Is Born with Bradley Cooper Unique opportunity 'I would love to do another Austin Powers,' reveals Mike Myers as cast spill behind-the-scenes secrets 20 years after original Considering another James Earl Jones, 86, set to receive special lifetime achievement honor at Tony Awards The 86-year-old will be honoured for his longstanding career 'I actually invented Lemonade so it should be free': Candid Polaroid of pregnant Beyonce ordering food is turned into a hilarious viral meme 'I'm going to throw up': Holly Willoughby is left retching after expert claims picking your nose and eating it is good for your health Left feeling repulsed Makeup-free Shannen Doherty keeps her cap low during sushi date in Malibu with husband Kurt Iswarienko after completing painful chemotherapy 'The luckiest girl in the whole world!' Gotham star Jessica Lucas flashes new ring as she announces engagement to butcher Alex Jermasek Leopard lady: Dakota Johnson shows her animal instincts in spotted coat as she's seen at LAX airport Inside Los Angeles International Airport RHOA star Kenya Moore no shows hearing as judge nixes restraining on ex-boyfriend Matt Jordan Lawyer claims she  couldn't locate him Friendly exes! Mindy Kaling looks stylish in red patterned top as she pals around with former flame B.J.Novak Their friendship is still strong She's a long way from Downton Abbey! Lily James goes completely NAKED as she romps with Jai Courtney in gritty WWII movie The Exception Now that's puppy love! Nina Dobrev introduces her cute new fur baby Mrs Maverick (who already has her own Instagram account) Adorable Sister act! Mary-Kate and Ashley Olsen match in head-to-toe black as they step out in New York Continuing fashion world domination 'I was materialistic': Kim Kardashian breaks down as she reveals how Paris robbery has changed her in first TV interview... but she's still flogging Kimoji merch Perky Kourtney Kardashian puts the underboob trend on trial AGAIN in sporty navy bikini as she goes jet skiing in Mexico Celebrating her 38th Kim Kardashian flaunts her cleavage and curvaceous figure in plunging crop top and skimpy bottoms in Mexico... after slamming haters in airbrush rant Pretty in pink! Hilary Duff makes a leggy impression as she films show Younger in New York  Filming on the night shoot 'I was scared to talk about it': Sadie Frost reveals she hid her 'crippling' battle with anxiety and panic attacks over fears of being misunderstood 'I've realised how unfit I've become!' New mum Paloma Faith wows in a flattering red ensemble as she performs onstage for the first time since giving birth Party pooper! Rapper PartyNextDoor UNFOLLOWS Zayn Malik from social media and DELETES all traces of their collaboration on new single Still Got Time Shooting caps! Cillian Murphy returns to the set of Peaky Blinders for dramatic fourth season... and is immediately dragged into gunfight EXCLUSIVE: Threesomes, a prostitute and Sean Connery's suit - how George Lazenby conned his way into playing James Bond is revealed The dogfather! Robert De Niro, 73, tries out some filters as he makes his Snapchat debut during Tribeca Film Festival 'You looking at me?' IT'S FRIDAY MUSIC: Damon and Noel bury the hatchet as Gorillaz swing into action with a must-buy album Have re-animated the four fictional characters It's a real blast! The craziest comic book heroes in the Guardians of the Galaxy are back with laughs, tears and another stonking 70s soundtrack 'We're all so hard on ourselves!': Bachelor vet Jillian Harris speaks out about 'mommy guilt' as she balances newborn with reality TV career 'Having a family is the meaning of life': Paris Hilton reveals she wants to have children with boyfriend Chris Zylka Considered taking things to the next level Chloe Lattanzi can barely contain her assets in plunging tank top after asking people to focus on her career instead of judging her for 'sexy Instagram pics 'Give us an album!' Fans left stunned by Rumer Willis vocals after she channels Amy Winehouse singing Crazy Crazy for You on Empire Laverne Cox stuns in pink duster over jumpsuit at WE Day celebration in LA... as it's revealed she is joining AGT as guest judge  Ready for a snooze? Olympia Valance wears a silky pyjama-inspired outfit on the red carpet at YSL Beauty Club event Pushed the envelope Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance GasLog Ltd - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for GasLog Ltd with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Advantage Investment Management LLC Buys New Stake in Alphabet Inc (GOOGL) P H Glatfelter Co (GLT) Rating Increased to Hold at Zacks Investment Research Snap Inc (SNAP) Coverage Initiated at Raymond James Financial, Inc. Zacks Investment Research Upgrades Fortescue Metals G (FSUGY) to “Hold” Zacks Investment Research Upgrades First Connecticut Bancorp Inc (FBNK) to Strong-Buy Twilio Inc (TWLO) Rating Reiterated by William Blair GasLog Ltd (GLOG) Rating Lowered to Strong Sell at Zacks Investment Research Castleark Management LLC Has $211,000 Position in Pfizer Inc. (PFE) Advantage Investment Management LLC Takes Position in AT&T Inc. (T) Castleark Management LLC Has $320,000 Position in Procter & Gamble Co (PG) Teachers Retirement System of The State of Kentucky Cuts Position in Procter & Gamble Co (PG) AQR Capital Management LLC Purchases Shares of 15,426 Kronos Worldwide, Inc. (KRO) AQR Capital Management LLC Has $175,000 Stake in IAMGOLD Corp (IAG) AQR Capital Management LLC Acquires New Position in CalAmp Corp. (CAMP) AQR Capital Management LLC Invests $208,000 in AeroVironment, Inc. (AVAV) AQR Capital Management LLC Continues to Hold Position in Preferred Apartment Communities Inc. (APTS) 4,318 Shares in PriceSmart, Inc. (PSMT) Acquired by Guggenheim Capital LLC Guggenheim Capital LLC Boosts Position in Cheetah Mobile Inc (CMCM) Seaport Global Securities Research Analysts Lift Earnings Estimates for Rush Enterprises, Inc. (RUSHA) Yum! Brands, Inc. (YUM) Coverage Initiated at BMO Capital Markets GasLog Ltd (GLOG) Rating Lowered to Strong Sell at Zacks Investment Research April 27th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Trevor Kearing Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Finance Tweet GasLog Ltd (NYSE:GLOG) was downgraded by Zacks Investment Research from a “hold” rating to a “strong sell” rating in a research note issued on Tuesday. According to Zacks, “GasLog Ltd. is an owner, operator and manager of liquefied natural gas carriers. The Company operates in two segments: vessel ownership and vessel management. The vessel ownership segment consists of chartering out company-owned LNG carriers and the vessel management segment consists of providing LNG carrier technical management services, LNG carrier construction supervision services and other vessel management services. GasLog Ltd. is based in Monaco. “ A number of other analysts have also recently weighed in on GLOG. Credit Suisse Group AG began coverage on shares of GasLog in a research report on Tuesday. They set an “outperform” rating and a $21.00 price target for the company. Citigroup Inc upgraded shares of GasLog from a “neutral” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $19.00 price objective on the stock in a report on Wednesday, February 15th. Seaport Global Securities upgraded shares of GasLog from a “neutral” rating to a “buy” rating and boosted their price objective for the stock from $18.00 to $23.00 in a report on Tuesday, February 21st. JPMorgan Chase & Co. upgraded shares of GasLog from an “underweight” rating to a “neutral” rating and boosted their price objective for the stock from $12.00 to $14.00 in a report on Tuesday, February 21st. Finally, Jefferies Group LLC reiterated a “buy” rating and issued a $20.00 price objective on shares of GasLog in a report on Friday, February 24th. One research analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, one has assigned a hold rating and five have given a buy rating to the company’s stock. The company presently has a consensus rating of “Buy” and a consensus price target of $19.43. Shares of GasLog (NYSE:GLOG) opened at 14.65 on Tuesday. GasLog has a 52-week low of $11.07 and a 52-week high of $17.85. The stock’s market capitalization is $1.18 billion. The stock has a 50 day moving average price of $14.72 and a 200-day moving average price of $15.81. GasLog (NYSE:GLOG) last announced its quarterly earnings results on Friday, February 17th. The shipping company reported $0.02 earnings per share for the quarter, missing analysts’ consensus estimates of $0.05 by $0.03. GasLog had a negative return on equity of 0.14% and a negative net margin of 10.57%. The business had revenue of $126.48 million for the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $127.19 million. During the same period last year, the company posted ($0.02) earnings per share. The firm’s revenue for the quarter was up 17.6% on a year-over-year basis. On average, equities research analysts predict that GasLog will post $0.33 EPS for the current fiscal year. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION NOTICE: This news story was originally published by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are accessing this news story on another domain, it was illegally stolen and republished in violation of US & international trademark & copyright legislation. The correct version of this news story can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/27/gaslog-ltd-glog-rating-lowered-to-strong-sell-at-zacks-investment-research.html. Institutional investors have recently modified their holdings of the company. First Mercantile Trust Co. bought a new stake in shares of GasLog during the first quarter worth about $161,000. Russell Investments Group Ltd. bought a new stake in shares of GasLog during the fourth quarter worth about $204,000. State of New Jersey Common Pension Fund D bought a new stake in shares of GasLog during the third quarter worth about $194,000. Renaissance Technologies LLC bought a new stake in shares of GasLog during the fourth quarter worth about $404,000. Finally, AQR Capital Management LLC bought a new stake in shares of GasLog during the fourth quarter worth about $408,000. Hedge funds and other institutional investors own 46.61% of the company’s stock. GasLog Company Profile GasLog Ltd. is an international owner, operator and manager of liquefied natural gas (LNG) carriers. The Company provides support to international energy companies as part of their LNG logistics chain. The Company’s owned consolidated fleet consists of 27 LNG carriers, including 22 ships in operation and five LNG carriers on order. Get a free copy of the Zacks research report on GasLog (GLOG) For more information about research offerings from Zacks Investment Research, visit Zacks.com Receive News & Ratings for GasLog Ltd Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for GasLog Ltd and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Judge Uses Comment by President Trump in Ruling Fight for Border Wall Approaches in Attempt to Avoid Shutdown President Trump Attempting To Repeal ACA Again Vice President Pence Says North Korea Should Not Test U.S. Resolve Trump’s Back and Forth on Economics © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Photos Videos Topics Live Cricket Score Home India Mumbai Delhi World Business Technology Sports IPL Entertainment Bollywood Hollywood Television Lifestyle Education & Careers TRENDING# Vinod Khanna Udan Vijay Mallya Donald Trump IPL 2017 News Business News GLOBAL MARKETS-Trump tax cut caution, ECB meeting cools risk rally Shares1 Thu, 27 Apr 2017-02:53pm , Reuters A record-setting rally in world stocks ran out of steam on Thursday, with unconvincing U.S. tax cut plans cooling investors' spirits and caution setting in as the European Central Bank met. Europe's main bourses were as much as 0.7 percent lower as traders pulled back after six days of unbroken gains fuelled by relief at the outcome of the first round of France's presidential election and encouraging earnings and economic data. Asia felt groggy too. The Bank of Japan offered its most upbeat economic assessment in nine years but Asia-Pacific shares ended flat a day after hitting their highest in almost two years. A surprise move by Sweden to expand its stimulus programme pushed the crown down sharply, and the Canadian dollar and Mexican peso jumped as the U.S. said it would not scrap the North American Free Trade Agreement. But the focus was turning to the ECB and what its head Mario Draghi and his colleagues have made of the recent improvement in euro zone economic data. The bank is not expected to make any changes to its record low interest rates or mass-stimulus programme, so market reaction to this meeting may hinge on just a few crucial words. "It is possible that the ECB will remove the language stating that the risks (to the economy) "remain tilted to the downside," said Mike Bell, Global Market Strategist, JPMorgan Asset Management. Euro zone government bond yields nudged up along with the euro which was at $1.0913 having been as high as $1.0950 this week after pro-EU centrist Emmanuel Macron topped the first round vote in France. Disappointment lingered after U.S. President Donald Trump's plans to slash company tax rates to 15 percent from the current 35 percent and 39.6 percent for small firms offered no details on how they would be paid for. Billed beforehand as the biggest tax cut in history, it amounted to little more than a one-page plan and fuelled the suspicion that it could run into opposition from U.S. lawmakers worried about increasing the country's debt levels. "There was virtually no new information, just as expected. He was essentially repeating his campaign promises," said Tomoaki Shishido, senior fixed income strategist at Nomura Securities. DEUTSCHE DOWN The dip in European shares saw them retreat from 20-month highs, with financials and commodity-related stocks the main drag, although gains in other cyclical industrials, on the back of strong earnings, kept losses down. Deutsche Bank shares fell as much as 3.5 percent even as its first-quarter net profit more than doubled following a rebound in bond trading. It shares have nearly doubled though after worries about its future late last year. Elsewhere, upbeat results from the likes of SKF, Bayer and Subsea 7, companies closely geared to economic growth, were cheered as more investors piled into the European recovery story. Wall Street futures pointed to a flat start for New York. The S&P 500 ended down fractionally on Wednesday as the questions left by Trump's tax plans overshadowed more upbeat earnings. Overall profits of S&P 500 companies are estimated to have risen 11.8 percent in the first quarter, the most since 2011, according to Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S. China's growth accelerated at the fastest pace since mid-2015 in the January-March quarter, while South Korea on Thursday also reported stronger than expected first-quarter growth, fuelled by improving global demand. Among commodities, industrial metals steadied though oil prices dipped again on concerns about globally bloated markets. Brent futures dropped to $51.60 per barrel, down 22 cents, or 0.42 percent, from their last close. Brent is almost 9 percent below its April peak. The dollar, meanwhile, slipped to 111.23 yen from near a one-month high of 111.78 yen scored earlier on Wednesday. (Additional reporting by Hideyuki Sano in Tokyo; editing by John Stonestreet) (This article has not been edited by DNA's editorial team and is auto-generated from an agency feed.) TOP TOP   Comments   Also Read Money How travel cover can be an indispensible companion away from home Money Paytm sets sights on Digital Gold Money Returns, not label, matter in funds both value and growth Money Hudco to raise Rs 1,200 cr in first PSU IPO in five years Money Go on a world tour…virtually Money As Gypsy heads for sunset, Storme arrives Next Article > No private firm will buy Railways, given the public service obligation: Suresh Prabhhu Live Cricket Score Kolkata Knight Riders vs Delhi Daredevils Fri, 28 April 2017, 04:00 PM IST Next node No private firm will buy Railways, given the public service obligation: Suresh Prabhhu Related Akshaya Tritiya: Experts suggest gold bonds over physical gold No private firm will buy Railways, given the public service obligation: Suresh Prabhhu MNCs pull out of stent race, domestic players unfazed Video WATCH: Baby elephant joins its mother in the cutest elephant attack on safari visitors! WATCH | #EarthDayWithDNA: Would you treat a person the way you treat the environment? Wayward cows and roadside dancing: WATCH this hilarious spoof of 'Fast and Furious' in India! View all Tags Europe Donald Trump Asia-Pacific France Bank of Japan Bayer Deutsche Bank Emmanuel Macron New York Nomura Securities SKF South Korea Sweden Thomson Reuters Tokyo U. S. Deutsche ECB S&P Central Bank Free Trade Agreement Hideyuki Sano JPMorgan Asset Management John Stonestreet Mario Draghi Mike Bell S. China Thomson Reuters I/B/E Tomoaki Shishido Wall Street SITE INDEX About DNA Contact us Investors Advertise Reprint Rights News UP STF raids petrol pumps, eight caught using cheating chip Cyprus President Nicos Anastasiades @ 4/28/2017 12:33:40 PM Arunachal Pradesh monastery sets aside forest area as CCA Time for decisive action, not rhetoric: Cong on Kupwara attack Time for decisive action, not rhetoric: Cong on Kupwara attack Sport 7th Junior Women's Hockey C'ship- Andhra Pradesh beat Bengal 9-2 Soccer-Bullet point previews of Premier League matches Soccer-Bullet point previews of Premier League matches Soccer-Bullet point previews of Premier League matches Jose Mourinho defends Manchester United's approach, takes brutal dig at Sergio Aguero after draw at City Entertainment Rishi Kapoor tears into Gen Y stars for ditching Vinod Khanna's funeral Fans 'cannot wait' to know 'Why Kattapa killed Baahubali' Laverne Cox to guest judge 'America's Got Talent' season 12 OMG! Saif Ali Khan's Langda Tyagi from 'Omkara' to have a film of its own! Baahubali 2: Two hours of the film over but where is Tamannaah Bhatia? Money GST to push India's growth but bad loans still a problem: IMF Jaitley promises no surprises in GST rate fixation Upsurge in demand lifts refined soya oil futures by 0.35% GST to push India's growth to over eight per cent: IMF Just Eat's chairman takes leave of absence for medical treatment Partner site: Zee News ©2017 Diligent Media Corporation Ltd.
Advertisements Edition: International | About Us Contact Us Privacy Policy Terms of Use News Release Article Submission Thursday 27 April, 2017 Breaking News > Latest Stories, North America Jefferson Muzzle ‘awards’ take aim at... Trending Topics: UP ELECTION - Donald Trump - India v/s Bangladesh Cricket - South Asia - Elections Jefferson Muzzle 'awards' take aim at free-speech offenders Bern museum awaits works from Gurlitt art collection in June YouTube announces music competition series for emerging acts Disney sets May 2019 release for 'Star Wars: Episode IX' Rumors rife as gas restrictions in N. Korean capital drag on Business World Africa Asia Europe Middle East North America Pacific South America South Asia India Delhi/NCR Sports Football Hockey Cricket Politics Entertainment Environment Technology space Health Op – eds Home Latest Stories Art & Lifestyle Food & Drinks Spirituality Travel Videos Press Release E- Paper Published On: Thu, Apr 27th, 2017 Business / Latest Stories / North America | By New Delhi Times Bureau Trump tax cut: Huge, vague and likely mild boost for economy Share This Tags President Donald Trump’s team boasted Wednesday that its tax-cut plan would lighten Americans’ financial burdens, ignite economic growth and vastly simplify tax filing. Yet the proposal so far remains short of vital details, including how it would be paid for. And based on the few specifics spelled out so far, most experts suggest that it would add little to growth while swelling the budget deficit and potentially handing large windfalls to wealthier taxpayers. Trump’s plan would replace the current seven income tax brackets with three, and the top bracket would drop from 39.6 percent to 35 percent. It would also slash the corporate rate from 35 percent all the way to 15 percent, a boon to most companies even though many don’t pay the full tax now. With tax credits and other loopholes, most corporations pay closer to 20 percent, according to calculations by JPMorgan. Perhaps the most contentious plank would enable taxpayers with business income — including those wealthy enough to pay the top tax rate — to instead pay the new 15 percent corporate rate. That’s because Trump would apply the corporate rate to “pass through” businesses. Pass-throughs include partnerships such as law firms and hedge funds as well as most small businesses — from the local florist to the family-owned restaurant on Main Street. What’s more, some privately held large companies — including Trump’s own real estate empire — are structured as pass-throughs and would benefit, too. Here’s a closer look at Trump’s proposal and its likely impact: ___ WHO BENEFITS? It’s hard to say because the administration has released so few details. The three new income tax rates would be 10 percent, 25 percent and 35 percent. But Trump’s top economic adviser, Gary Cohn, and Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin, weren’t ready Wednesday to say at what income levels these new rates would kick in. Tax experts said far more details were needed to determine how average Americans would be affected. “The impact on Joe Taxpayer is unknown,” said Marc Gerson, vice chair of the tax department of law firm Miller & Chevalier in Washington. “There’s not enough specificity. It’s hard for taxpayers to determine where they’ll come out.” Cohn asserted that the plan would cut taxes “especially for low and middle income families.” It purports to do so in part by doubling the standard deduction, which is used by taxpayers who don’t itemize their tax deductions. At the same time, the Trump plan would eliminate the estate tax and the alternative minimum tax, thereby benefiting some of the richest taxpayers. And that’s on top of shrinking the corporate tax rate that many affluent individuals could likely capitalize on. ___ WHY CUT CORPORATE TAXES? By making corporations more profitable, the Trump administration hopes to encourage more business spending on equipment — from computers to factories and machinery. Doing so, in turn, could make the economy more efficient and accelerate growth and hiring. Economic growth has been stuck at about 2 percent a year since the recession ended in 2009. Mnuchin says the administration wants to accelerate it above 3 percent, a pace it hasn’t touched since 2005. The corporate tax cuts are also intended to encourage more businesses to stay in the United States, which now has the highest corporate rate among advanced economies. Many large corporations are enthusiastic about lower rates and say they support the elimination of loopholes, which both reduce revenue and make taxes more complicated. ___ WHO’D BENEFIT FROM THE CORPORATE RATE CUT? Aside from most large companies, many partnerships and small businesses would benefit because they’re structured as pass-throughs, which derives from the fact that they pass on their profits to their owners. Those owners now pay individual income tax rates, which top out at 39.6 percent. With the pass-through rate dropped to 15 percent, those taxpayers could enjoy an enormous tax cut. The Trump team stressed the benefits that might flow to small businesses. But the richest windfalls would flow to the wealthy — lawyers, hedge fund managers, consultants and other big earners. Nearly 75 percent of pass-through income flows to the 10 percent wealthiest taxpayers, according to the liberal Center on Budget and Policy Priorities. “It would tremendously help high earners,” says Brian Thompson, a certified public accountant in Chicago. In Kansas, Gov. Sam Brownback eliminated state taxes on pass-throughs, which turned out to be a boon for Bill Self, the coach of the University of Kansas’ men’s basketball team. He had previously set up his own company, according to state media reports. As a result, he paid little state income tax despite earning nearly $3 million a year. Many people, particularly wealthy Americans, could set up companies and reclassify their paychecks as “business income” and have it taxed at 15 percent, experts say. In Kansas, the number of pass-through businesses jumped to more than double the level the state expected, according to the nonpartisan Tax Policy Center. That cost the state revenue without spurring more job creation. Mnuchin said the Treasury would issue rules to prevent wealthy people from capitalizing on the lower rate. But many experts are skeptical. “Good luck with that,” said Mark Mazur, director of the nonpartisan Tax Policy Center and a former Treasury official under President Barack Obama. “The tax agencies tend to be at least a couple of steps behind the businesses.” ___ HOW ELSE WOULD BIG BUSINESSES BENEFIT? The administration is also proposing to tax only corporate income earned in the United States. This is known as a “territorial” system. It would replace the current worldwide system, under which corporations pay tax on income earned in the U.S. and overseas. Yet companies can avoid the tax if they keep their foreign earnings overseas. Many businesses have kept hundreds of billions of dollars outside the United States. Mnuchin said Trump’s plan would encourage corporations to return the money to the United States and invest it in plants and equipment. Some analysts counter that corporations might instead use the money to pay dividends to shareholders. ___ WHAT ABOUT THE DEFICIT AND GROWTH? The government’s budget deficit could explode under the plan, offsetting many of the benefits for the economy, economists say. The Committee for a Responsible Federal Budget’s rough estimate puts the loss of revenue at $5.5 trillion over 10 years. Mnuchin argued that the tax cuts would spur faster growth, which, in turn, would produce more tax revenue. And the elimination of tax deductions and other loopholes would raise revenue as well, he contended. But the Trump team offered few details on which deductions would be dropped — a move that would likely spark ferocious opposition from the beneficiaries of those deductions. And most economists don’t accept the notion that growth would accelerate enough to offset the lost revenue. Alan Cole, an economist at the right-leaning Tax Foundation, calculates that the corporate tax cuts alone would reduce government revenue by $2 trillion over 10 years. That would require growth to accelerate nearly a full percentage point, to 2.8 percent a year, from its current level. Yet Cole forecasts that growth would increase only 0.4 percent annually. Other economists say that if the cuts balloon the deficit, the resulting jump in government borrowing would swell interest rates and make it harder for businesses and households to borrow and spend. Ethan Harris, chief global economist at Bank of America Merrill Lynch, says such a “crowding out” effect can cancel out any benefits to the economy. ___ SO WILL THE ECONOMY BENEFIT AT ALL? Most economists forecast that a modest tax-cut package — smaller than Trump’s — is far more likely to become law. With the deficit rising by less, a smaller cut could raise growth to 2.5 percent a year, from its roughly 2 percent pace now, Harris said. If Trump’s proposals became law, depending on the details, growth could accelerate more quickly, Harris added. But the Federal Reserve would likely counter such acceleration with more short-term rate hikes, to forestall rapid inflation. And that move, in turn, would likely slow the economy.   Credit : Associated Press (AP) | Photo Credit : (AP) Advertisements Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Share on Skype (Opens in new window) Click to share on Telegram (Opens in new window) Click to share on WhatsApp (Opens in new window) About the Author New Delhi Times Bureau - Related News Jefferson Muzzle ‘awards’ take aim at free-speech offenders Bern museum awaits works from Gurlitt art collection in June YouTube announces music competition series for emerging acts Disney sets May 2019 release for ‘Star Wars: Episode IX’ Tweet Pin It New Delhi Times A-2/59 Safdarjung Enclave New Delhi 110029, INDIA +91 11 26102520 [email protected] Article Submission Contact Us Terms of Use Privacy Policy About Us Copyright © New Delhi Times , All Rights Reserved 2017, [email protected] Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
gulfnews.com no longer supports Internet Explorer 8 or earlier. Please upgrade your browser.LEARN MORE ? SHARES ECONOMY April 28, 2017 | Last updated 16 minutes ago ---- 24KGold-- oil--   Hot Topics: IPL Business Podcast UAE holidays Gold Rate Weather Horoscope The GN Store UAE News Business Business Podcast Data Equities Commodities Currencies top stories in Data Why gold fans should brace for higher prices Gold hits biggest fall since March Dubai gold prices spike, up Dh10/gram Gold Rate Sectors20 Markets12 Automotives2 Banking2 Construction Employment Features General Investment Media Careers Energy61 Retail2 Shipping Technology12 Telecoms Tourism top stories in Sectors Real-life 'Iron Man' takes flight in Vancouver Google's Alphabet sees 29% profit jump Killing videos pose problem for Facebook Aviation5 Live Flights top stories in Aviation Abu Dhabi Aviation profits down 41% Airbus Q1 profit slides 52% Malaysia Airlines to launch A380 charter Economy8 Property GN Property top stories in Property Cookie-cutter offices are so yesterday Dubai’s hotel space has got room for all Dubai’s hotel apartments hit the city outskirts Money Dirhams and Dollars Visas Analysis3 Sport Opinion Leisure Life&Style Culture Guides Multimedia Your Say In Focus Why Trump tax cut may not deliver the boost White House says Most experts suggest that it would add little to growth while swelling the budget deficit and potentially handing large windfalls to wealthier taxpayers Image Credit: AP Specialists on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange watch Gary Cohn, director of the White House National Economic Council on Wednesday. The Trump administration says the tax overhaul will spur economic growth. Published: 12:50 April 27, 2017 AP   SMALL MEDIUM LARGE Washington: President Donald Trump’s team boasted Wednesday that its tax-cut plan would lighten Americans’ financial burdens, ignite economic growth and vastly simplify tax filing. Yet the proposal so far remains short of vital details, including how it would be paid for. And based on the few specifics spelt out so far, most experts suggest that it would add little to growth while swelling the budget deficit and potentially handing large windfalls to wealthier taxpayers. Trump’s plan would replace the current seven income tax brackets with three, and the top bracket would drop from 39.6 per cent to 35 per cent. It would also slash the corporate rate from 35 per cent all the way to 15 per cent, a boon to most companies even though many don’t pay the full tax now. With tax credits and other loopholes, most corporations pay closer to 20 per cent, according to calculations by JPMorgan. Perhaps the most contentious plank would enable taxpayers with business income — including those wealthy enough to pay the top tax rate — to instead pay the new 15 per cent corporate rate. That’s because Trump would apply the corporate rate to “pass through” businesses. Pass-throughs include partnerships such as law firms and hedge funds as well as most small businesses — from the local florist to the family-owned restaurant on Main Street. What’s more, some privately held large companies — including Trump’s own real estate empire — are structured as pass-throughs and would benefit, too. Here’s a closer look at Trump’s proposal and its likely impact: Who benefits? Related Links Mnuchin learns Washington ropes with tax deal It’s hard to say because the administration has released so few details. The three new income tax rates would be 10 per cent, 25 per cent and 35 per cent. But Trump’s top economic adviser, Gary Cohn, and Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin, weren’t ready Wednesday to say at what income levels these new rates would kick in. Tax experts said far more details were needed to determine how average Americans would be affected. “The impact on Joe Taxpayer is unknown,” said Marc Gerson, vice chair of the tax department of law firm Miller & Chevalier in Washington. “There’s not enough specificity. It’s hard for taxpayers to determine where they’ll come out.” Cohn asserted that the plan would cut taxes “especially for low and middle income families.” It purports to do so in part by doubling the standard deduction, which is used by taxpayers who don’t itemise their tax deductions. At the same time, the Trump plan would eliminate the estate tax and the alternative minimum tax, thereby benefiting some of the richest taxpayers. And that’s on top of shrinking the corporate tax rate that many affluent individuals could likely capitalise on. Why cut corporate taxes? By making corporations more profitable, the Trump administration hopes to encourage more business spending on equipment — from computers to factories and machinery. Doing so, in turn, could make the economy more efficient and accelerate growth and hiring. Economic growth has been stuck at about 2 per cent a year since the recession ended in 2009. Mnuchin says the administration wants to accelerate it above 3 per cent, a pace it hasn’t touched since 2005. The corporate tax cuts are also intended to encourage more businesses to stay in the United States, which now has the highest corporate rate among advanced economies. Many large corporations are enthusiastic about lower rates and say they support the elimination of loopholes, which both reduce revenue and make taxes more complicated. Who’d benefit from the corporate rate cut? Aside from most large companies, many partnerships and small businesses would benefit because they’re structured as pass-throughs, which derives from the fact that they pass on their profits to their owners. Those owners now pay individual income tax rates, which top out at 39.6 per cent. With the pass-through rate dropped to 15 per cent, those taxpayers could enjoy an enormous tax cut. The Trump team stressed the benefits that might flow to small businesses. But the richest windfalls would flow to the wealthy — lawyers, hedge fund managers, consultants and other big earners. Nearly 75 per cent of pass-through income flows to the 10 per cent wealthiest taxpayers, according to the liberal Center on Budget and Policy Priorities. “It would tremendously help high earners,” says Brian Thompson, a certified public accountant in Chicago. In Kansas, Governor Sam Brownback eliminated state taxes on pass-throughs, which turned out to be a boon for Bill Self, the coach of the University of Kansas’ men’s basketball team. He had previously set up his own company, according to state media reports. As a result, he paid little state income tax despite earning nearly $3 million a year. Many people, particularly wealthy Americans, could set up companies and reclassify their paychecks as “business income” and have it taxed at 15 per cent, experts say. In Kansas, the number of pass-through businesses jumped to more than double the level the state expected, according to the non-partisan Tax Policy Center. That cost the state revenue without spurring more job creation. Mnuchin said the Treasury would issue rules to prevent wealthy people from capitalising on the lower rate. But many experts are sceptical. “Good luck with that,” said Mark Mazur, director of the non-partisan Tax Policy Center and a former Treasury official under President Barack Obama. “The tax agencies tend to be at least a couple of steps behind the businesses.” How else would big businesses benefit? The administration is also proposing to tax only corporate income earned in the United States. This is known as a “territorial” system. It would replace the current worldwide system, under which corporations pay tax on income earned in the US and overseas. Yet companies can avoid the tax if they keep their foreign earnings overseas. Many businesses have kept hundreds of billions of dollars outside the United States. Mnuchin said Trump’s plan would encourage corporations to return the money to the United States and invest it in plants and equipment. Some analysts counter that corporations might instead use the money to pay dividends to shareholders. What about the deficit and growth? The government’s budget deficit could explode under the plan, offsetting many of the benefits for the economy, economists say. The Committee for a Responsible Federal Budget’s rough estimate puts the loss of revenue at $5.5 trillion over 10 years. Mnuchin argued that the tax cuts would spur faster growth, which, in turn, would produce more tax revenue. And the elimination of tax deductions and other loopholes would raise revenue as well, he contended. But the Trump team offered few details on which deductions would be dropped — a move that would likely spark ferocious opposition from the beneficiaries of those deductions. And most economists don’t accept the notion that growth would accelerate enough to offset the lost revenue. Alan Cole, an economist at the right-leaning Tax Foundation, calculates that the corporate tax cuts alone would reduce government revenue by $2 trillion over 10 years. That would require growth to accelerate nearly a full percentage point, to 2.8 per cent a year, from its current level. Yet Cole forecasts that growth would increase only 0.4 per cent annually. Other economists say that if the cuts balloon the deficit, the resulting jump in government borrowing would swell interest rates and make it harder for businesses and households to borrow and spend. Ethan Harris, chief global economist at Bank of America Merrill Lynch, says such a “crowding out” effect can cancel out any benefits to the economy. So will the economy benefit at all? Most economists forecast that a modest tax-cut package — smaller than Trump’s — is far more likely to become law. With the deficit rising by less, a smaller cut could raise growth to 2.5 per cent a year, from its roughly 2 per cent pace now, Harris said. If Trump’s proposals became law, depending on the details, growth could accelerate more quickly, Harris added. But the Federal Reserve would likely counter such acceleration with more short-term rate hikes, to forestall rapid inflation. And that move, in turn, would likely slow the economy. More from Economy ECB keeps money taps open, positive on Eurozone GCC official and Australian minister talk ties Springtime mood in Washington is optimistic Why Trump tax cut may not deliver Stocks take beating from US-Canada row over coal US will not immediately exit NAFTA Mnuchin learns Washington ropes with tax deal UAE reaffirms commitment to Kimberley Process tags from this storyDonald Trump follow this tag on MGNUnited States follow this tag on MGN filed underGulfNewsBusinessEconomy tagsDonald Trump follow this tag on MGN+ MGNUnited States follow this tag on MGN+ MGNforexusd Also In EconomyECB keeps money taps open, positive on Eurozone Business Gallery The 2017 Shanghai Auto Show 24th Arabian Travel Market begins in Dubai Business Videos PlayAbu Dhabi Ship Building enjoys growing success Strata UAE leads aerospace manufacturing FOLLOW US Most Popular ViewedCommentedVideosGalleries 01VAT in UAE: All you need to know 02UAE project awards surge 42.6% in first quarter 03UAE salary guide 2015: Are you getting enough? Play Abu Dhabi Ship Building enjoys growing success Nov 24, 2016 Play Strata UAE leads aerospace manufacturing Oct 25, 2016 Play Video: Electronics fiesta as Gitex opens Oct 01, 2016 Play Building of Burj Khalifa Dec 30, 2009 12Images The 2017 Shanghai Auto Show Apr 25, 2017 20Images 24th Arabian Travel Market begins in Dubai Apr 24, 2017 9Images 2017 Cityscape Abu Dhabi kicks off Apr 18, 2017 8Images Massive development at Abu Dhabi airport Mar 11, 2017 Currency Converter first-currency currencyAEDDinarRupee= first-currency currencyINRDinarRupee Most Popular on Gulf News UAE bans produce from these countries Your guide 2017 UAE holidays UAE visa on arrival for Indians from May 1 Newlywed Indian ends her life in Dubai 90-minute blackout hits Dubai Mall Man kills girlfriend, dumps body in flat Trio jailed for raping sleeping roommate Heaviest woman’s sister seeks UAE help Woman wakes up after 80 days in coma Close Recommended For You Trump: Saudis 'not treated us fairly'PUBLISHED ON Apr 28, 2017 Gulf carriers take bumpy situation in stridePUBLISHED ON Apr 28, 2017 Trump: Saudis 'not treated us fairly'PUBLISHED ON Apr 28, 2017 Feedback Get The Paper Our Apps Mobile friendly version Our location Advanced Search Sitemap MY GULF NEWS GulfNews.com is the most widely read newspaper, and online site in English in the Middle East. With a daily BPA audited paid circulation of over 108,000, and an online audience of 3.5 million uniques every month, it is your go to source for information on the region. Sign up below to begin personalising your experienceRegister now News Business Sport Leisure Guides Opinion Multimedia In Focus Life&Style Culture Your Say Enter your keyword follow usRssFollow us on FacebookFollow us on TwitterFollow us on google plus Sign up for newsletterSign Up PreviousNext © Al Nisr Publishing LLC 2016. All rights reserved GN Media How to follow Gulf News History of GulfNews Key Dates Community Advertise Print Direct Marketing Digital About Gulf News Journalism ethics Ethics Policy Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Readers' Policy FAQs Open Calais Careers at Gulf News How to find Gulf News Contact Us Print Subscriptions MGN New GulfNews.com: A considerable step forward in terms of user experience
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad Trump tax cut caution, ECB meeting cools risk rally By Reuters Published: 05:20 EDT, 27 April 2017 | Updated: 05:20 EDT, 27 April 2017 e-mail By Marc Jones LONDON, April 27 (Reuters) - A record-setting rally in world stocks ran out of steam on Thursday, with unconvincing U.S. tax cut plans cooling investors' spirits and caution setting in as the European Central Bank met. Europe's main bourses were as much as 0.7 percent lower as traders pulled back after six days of unbroken gains fuelled by relief at the outcome of the first round of France's presidential election and encouraging earnings and economic data. Asia felt groggy too. The Bank of Japan offered its most upbeat economic assessment in nine years but Asia-Pacific shares ended flat a day after hitting their highest in almost two years. A surprise move by Sweden to expand its stimulus programme pushed the crown down sharply, and the Canadian dollar and Mexican peso jumped as the U.S. said it would not scrap the North American Free Trade Agreement. But the focus was turning to the ECB and what its head Mario Draghi and his colleagues have made of the recent improvement in euro zone economic data. The bank is not expected to make any changes to its record low interest rates or mass-stimulus programme, so market reaction to this meeting may hinge on just a few crucial words. "It is possible that the ECB will remove the language stating that the risks (to the economy) "remain tilted to the downside," said Mike Bell, Global Market Strategist, JPMorgan Asset Management. Euro zone government bond yields nudged up along with the euro which was at $1.0913 having been as high as $1.0950 this week after pro-EU centrist Emmanuel Macron topped the first round vote in France. Disappointment lingered after U.S. President Donald Trump's plans to slash company tax rates to 15 percent from the current 35 percent and 39.6 percent for small firms offered no details on how they would be paid for. Billed beforehand as the biggest tax cut in history, it amounted to little more than a one-page plan and fuelled the suspicion that it could run into opposition from U.S. lawmakers worried about increasing the country's debt levels. "There was virtually no new information, just as expected. He was essentially repeating his campaign promises," said Tomoaki Shishido, senior fixed income strategist at Nomura Securities. DEUTSCHE DOWN The dip in European shares saw them retreat from 20-month highs, with financials and commodity-related stocks the main drag, although gains in other cyclical industrials, on the back of strong earnings, kept losses down. Deutsche Bank shares fell as much as 3.5 percent even as its first-quarter net profit more than doubled following a rebound in bond trading. It shares have nearly doubled though after worries about its future late last year. Elsewhere, upbeat results from the likes of SKF, Bayer and Subsea 7, companies closely geared to economic growth, were cheered as more investors piled into the European recovery story. Wall Street futures pointed to a flat start for New York. The S&amp;P 500 ended down fractionally on Wednesday as the questions left by Trump's tax plans overshadowed more upbeat earnings. Overall profits of S&amp;P 500 companies are estimated to have risen 11.8 percent in the first quarter, the most since 2011, according to Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S. China's growth accelerated at the fastest pace since mid-2015 in the January-March quarter, while South Korea on Thursday also reported stronger than expected first-quarter growth, fuelled by improving global demand. Among commodities, industrial metals steadied though oil prices dipped again on concerns about globally bloated markets. Brent futures dropped to $51.60 per barrel, down 22 cents, or 0.42 percent, from their last close. Brent is almost 9 percent below its April peak. The dollar, meanwhile, slipped to 111.23 yen from near a one-month high of 111.78 yen scored earlier on Wednesday. (Additional reporting by Hideyuki Sano in Tokyo; editing by John Stonestreet) Share or comment on this article e-mail Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS Is the Instagram queen's reign over? Kim Kardashian loses 100,000 followers as she faces backlash over THOSE unairbrushed bikini snaps Jennifer Lopez leaves little to the imagination as she goes sans underwear in TWO DARING sheer cutaway gowns at Billboard Latin Music Awards 'I miss your face': Pregnant Ferne McCann breaks social media silence to like 'long-distance relationship' post... after ex is charged for acid attack 'I take 100 pictures': Rosie Huntington-Whiteley reveals her selfie secrets in sexy shoot... and admits that even SHE is insecure about her looks 'The pressure is on': Kim Kardashian reveals she's stressed out over what to do for Kanye West's 40th birthday A lot to live up to with her romantic husband Time for tea! Afternoon tea is BACK, and here are the yummiest cakes making it 2017's most delicious trend SPONSORED Lime-a-Rita! Ora boldly wraps herself in gaudy bright green dress with split back for Big Love gala She's no stranger to flaunting her body Now that's a football strip! Myleene Klass shares racy snap appearing to show her naked in an Arsenal scarf... before quickly deleting it  Got something to prove? Kylie Jenner posts series of snaps showing off her slender mid-section after being accused of photoshopping her waist Beautiful in Brazil! Kate Moss looks ravishing in crushed velvet gown as she hosts Sao Paulo amFAR gala Was a vision Udder cream, concealer and NO surgery: At 76 years old she's still turning heads, but what IS the secret to Raquel Welch's ageless beauty? She's got some front! Orange Is The New Black star Jackie Cruz puts on eye-popping display in plunging dress at Billboard Latin Music Awards Naked ambition! Eva Longoria goes braless as she wears revealing jacket in bid to steal show at Billboard Latin Music Awards What happened? Star Wars legend Billy Dee Williams is in a wheelchair at LAX weeks after turning 80 Played Lando Calrissian in the Star Wars films Meet the parents! Ashton Kutcher and Mila Kunis enjoy quality time with her mother and father after surprising them in home makeover episode 'I did ask her to marry me!' Scott Disick reveals he once proposed to Kourtney Kardashian after being grilled by sisters Kim and Khloe Davina McCall reveals she's twice called her GP in tears fearing she had Alzheimer's aged just 49 after both her father and grandmother had dementia Nothing to smile about? Kendall Jenner keeps straight face as she leaves LA studio wearing cropped shirt and leggings Katie Holmes dons plunging purple Fabiana Milazzo gown for the Sao Paulo amFAR Gala It was a racier look for the 38-year-old actress 'If only my husband wasn't blocking you in this shot': Blake Lively teases Ryan Reynolds and claims John Legend is 'most influential' man in her life Prints charming! Sofia Vergara flashes cleavage in plunging floral dress as she steps out for lunch in Beverly Hills Meghan's toe-curling turkeys! From a cleaner who works in her undies to a vicious cage fighter, the roles Harry's actress girlfriend would rather forget  Lil' Kim dons lacy jumpsuit and gold thigh-high boots for Can't Stop, Won't Stop premiere at Tribeca Wow factor on the red carpet Vin Diesel shows off his Fast And Furious rapping skills as he joins Nicky Jam at Billboard Latin Music Awards The Fate of the Furious star  Aaron Taylor-Johnson, 26, is dapper in black at premiere of The Wall with wife Sam, 50... after suggesting he might quit acting to focus on fatherhood EXCLUSIVE Rita Ora puts on sizzling display as she strips down to her bikini to model Tezenis' new beachwear collection...after teasing a glimpse at her assets  Diva's day off! Mariah Carey ditches the glamour as she steps out for surprisingly casual day of jewelry shopping in Beverly Hills 'It was cool': Emma Watson reveals going to 'princess boot camp' to prepare for Beauty And The Beast Plays Belle in the box office hit 'I had no idea the amount of hate': Ellen DeGeneres reflects on the 'scary time' that followed her landmark coming-out show 20 years ago She sheer likes him! Emma Roberts flashes flesh in see-through dress as she gazes adoringly at Evan Peters on red carpet Flawless! Olivia Wilde shows off svelte figure in sleeveless black dress at Broadway opening Will make her own Broadway debut soon Gwen Stefani 'ruptures' her eardrum and forced to cancel live Las Vegas performance on 'doctors orders' Shock medical drama for singer Feeling nippy? Transgender model Andreja Pejic goes braless and dons sheer frock at annual Big Love Gala Pregnant Alex Gerrard keeps her baby bump under wraps in low key sweater as she  heads to the salon... weeks before birth of her fourth child Facts Of Life star Charlotte Rae diagnosed with bone cancer at 91... seven years after surviving pancreatic disease Denim days: Cindy Crawford shows off her model legs in skinny jeans as she enjoys some retail therapy with husband Rande Gerber Trophy wife! Z: The Beginning of Everything star Christina Ricci stuns in circle-print dress at Amazon Studios Emmy consideration event Newly-engaged Nikki Bella flaunts more than her diamond in cleavage-baring dress while joined by fiance John Cena at The Wall premiere Chrissy Teigen suits up in dusty pink two-piece for Smirnoff event... and reveals her favorite hangover cure Has plenty of tips Hot metal! Model Coco Rocha wears a silver strapless dress to a star-studded charity event in New York City All that glitters isn't always gold 'No one should have a camera in their face from 17 to 22!' Kristin Cavallari wows in leather bralet after admitting The Hills makes her cringe Seal claims he has NEVER read the countless media reports linking him to Delta Goodrem... but admits the Voice judges do have 'history' together Naomi Watts finds a fan who got her steamy same-sex Mulholland Drive scene tattooed on his chest and pulls down his shirt to expose the ink 'Bachelor' star Chris Soules' new legal team says he 'did everything' to save his neighbor after fatal crash and DENIES that he fled the scene afterward 'I made my stomach so tiny that I could eat two bites and be full': Former TOWIE star Harry Derbidge speaks candidly about his eating disorder battle PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Still heating up the beach! Baywatch vet Donna D'Errico, 49, looks sizzling in signature red bathing suit as she hits Malibu Little Minx! Leather-clad Jade Thirlwall channels her inner dominatrix in thigh-high boots as she appears to WHIP herself in a saucy Instagram video 'It's confusing': Defiant Lauren Goodger claims 'pap pictures' make her look bigger than she is in lengthy tirade... after being accused of doctoring her snaps Can't blame this on the wind! Bella Hadid flashes dainty lace bra in hoodie that's missing a FRONT as she leaves NYC building Bizarre white top Busty is the new black! Jackie Cruz flaunts her figure in a barely there one-piece while on the beach in Miami The actress let it all hang out Pregnant Laura Kenny tenderly cradles her baby bump while going solo at the BT Sport Industry Awards... as she and Jessica Ennis-Hill lead the glamour She's a party princess! Beatrice of York dazzles in a tasseled jacket as she arrives at the Sport Industry Awards for her third consecutive night out this week Pregnant Danielle Lloyd shows off her baby bump in a chic white minidress and primrose yellow jacket as she attends salon opening Still sizzling at 46! Uma Thurman appears youthful in flattering blue bathing suit as she poses away like a Hollywood pinup on Florida beach Hey Pretty Woman! Rita Ora flashes her NIPPLES in sheer vest and fetish PVC outfit as she rocks her raciest look yet for sexy photoshoot  Disney star Michael Mantenuto, 35, from the 2004 Kurt Russell hockey film Miracle, is found dead in his car after shooting himself Tragic Dancing Queen Shirley Ballas 'tipped to be new SCD head judge'... after falling foul of Strictly curse when her husband was seduced by Kristina Rhianoff 'Don't you care about their teeth?' Katie Price slammed on Instagram for sharing photo of Jet, three, and Bunny, two drinking juice from bottles instead of cups 'We're all bursting with love!' Ronan Keating becomes a father for the fourth time as wife Storm gives birth to a baby boy Their first child together Pre-wedding workout, Pippa? As her nuptials draw near Miss Middleton shows off her shapely legs as she visits her exclusive Kensington gym SEBASTIAN SHAKESPEARE: Fergie and her girls sing for their supper at launch of luxury £200million City hotel  £200 million venture  SEBASTIAN SHAKESPEARE: First she 'borrowed' a friend's boyfriend... now Mariella Frostrup invites a girlfriend to share her marital home Brooklyn Beckham keeps things casual for a low-key dinner at The Chiltern Firehouse... as he steers clear of the driver's seat on his way home Sheepish Orlando Bloom steps out for the first time after causing furore by calling himself a 'pikey' live on radio The BBC were forced to apologise on his behalf Barbie's finally found her Ken! Chloe Khan flaunts her ample bust in a peach gown as she shares a smooch with fellow surgery addict Rodrigo Alves Don't tell Phil! Holly Willoughby goes bananas as she shows off her VERY naughty side during X-rated party game with gal pal Fearne Cotton Amber Heard and boyfriend Elon Musk enjoy a series of dates on the Gold Coast ... after her 2015 stay ended in controversy over pet dogs PIERS MORGAN: The week Kim hit rock bottom and finally made me realise I no longer wish to keep up with her or any of the greedy, cynical Kardashian clan 'She doesn't want to talk to me... It's sad': Caitlyn Jenner claims it's been TWO YEARS since she's spoken to Khloe Kardashian Wrecked relationship 'Pregnant' Missé Beqiri shows off her peachy posterior in a thong bikini as she hits the beach in Ibiza with boyfriend Jake Hall A day of fun in the sun 'Us, in Milan': Gigi Hadid unveils candid selfie with Zayn Malik as part of her V magazine pop up Photo Journal Was commissioned to take pictures Una Healy flashes her tanned and toned legs in a dazzling black gown with thigh high split as she judges fashion competition Turned heads Pretty as a petal! Lea Michele plays the girl next store in cute pink floral dress... after sharing risque shot of herself in underwear Personification of pretty Busty Katie Salmon teases a look at her more than ample assets in a slinky pencil dress... as she joins a demure Charlotte Dawson for VIP launch in Liverpool Candice Swanepoel steps out without her engagement ring and bares her belly six months after baby Engaged to Hermann Nicoli since 2015 'I'll see you at the bar': Scarlett Johansson invites doppelganger grandmother Geraldine to come for a drink at her latest premiere Lookalikes Presenter Hayley McQueen almost bursts out of her dress as she struggles with her glitzy gold frock at Sport Industry Awards Looked breathtaking Fringe benefits! Naomi Watts debuts 'fresh haircut' and stylised bangs in behind-the-scenes snap of Twin Peaks  New look 'It makes me so MAD!' Anais Gallagher publicly SLAMS supermodel Bella Hadid on Twitter for wearing fur Just like outspoken dad Noel Rosie Huntington-Whiteley shows off her enviably toned figure as she smoulders in sizzling pre-pregnancy shoot for her new swimwear range Art attack! Demi Lovato debuts her massive lion hand tattoo as she stuns in gold silk dress at WE Day in LA Showed off the formidable feline 'I wanna be the fittest I've ever been': Ex-Geordie Shore star Holly Hagan shares sizzling snap of her gym-honed figure in sexy plunging lingerie set Ashley James cuts a demure figure in a navy pencil dress at jewellery party... a day after she was 'slut-shamed' by a 'sexist' taxi driver for her racy outfit REVEALED: Billionaire Elon Musk 'gave Amber Heard a Tesla during months-long campaign to woo her' The best gifts are the ones you make yourself Enjoying the Views! Shirtless Drake shares a shot of himself at the SAME luxury Caribbean resort his ex Jennifer Lopez and her new beau Alex Rodriguez stayed Making herself right at home! Lauren Pope nestles up to former flame Dan Edgar as she makes a comeback to TOWIE in stomach-baring coords Brad Pitt 'enjoys a fun family dinner with his six kids as they all stay overnight with him for the first time since split with Angelina Jolie' Quality time BAZ BAMIGBOYE: It's All About Cate Blanchett in Bette Davis remake Hollywood star Blanchett will play Margo Channing in a  stage version of All About Eve BBC forced to apologise after Orlando Bloom says the word 'pikey' live on radio show... as 'respectful' actor claims he meant no harm Model behaviour! Lottie Moss storms the catwalk with Sofia Richie for the star-studded Samanatha Thavasa Millenials Show in Tokyo 'I'm afraid of everything': Kim Kardashian panics as crowd assembles during shopping outing... months after horrific robbery in Paris 'Are you and Mariah still sleeping together?': Nick Cannon gets grilled by Wendy Williams about close relationship with his diva ex  Opening up 'I believe she's been through hell': Nicole Contreras takes a swipe at Stephen Belafonte amid divorce with Mel B... as she supports former Spice Girl How sweet it is: Reese Witherspoon is cheery in cherry blouse tucked into white mini skirt while heading to LA office Playful look That's what she likes! Newly-single Janet Jackson takes brother Randy to a Bruno Mars concert as she takes a break from caring for her baby son Karen Gillan insists both she and her Jumanji character Ruby share fans' annoyance at her sexy jungle get up 'but it's for a reason' Shared her response Family rivalry! Melissa Benoist films Supergirl versus Superman fight scene for TV series soaking wet in Vancouver EXCLUSIVE: 'He thought I was a prostitute!': Holly Willoughby reveals she was propositioned by a stranger on drunken night out Bake Off's Prue Leith blasts modern parents who over-indulge their children by 'consulting' them on everything from meals to bed times  New judge BAZ BAMIGBOYE: Harry Potter stage star Noma Dumezweni will work her magic in The Hague   Will star in new eight-part drama Clearly amazing! Christina Milian shows off shapely legs in tight black leggings with sheer panels as she hikes in LA Out and about 'I just kept my t*t out!' Amy Schumer explains how she took the awkwardness out of topless scenes in new movie Snatched with Goldie Hawn Quality time! Sean Penn makes rare appearance with model daughter Dylan Frances as they grab iced tea in LA Daddy-daughter day Just kidding! Selena Gomez heads to WE Day with shoulder length hair after tricking fans into believing she had gone the big chop   Back to normal Justin Bieber's protégé Madison Beer nails the ripped-jean look when hanging out with Selena Gomez and Demi Lovato at WE Day Fashion forward Stepping up! Jenna Dewan flashes toned tum in sexy black two-piece dress while out in LA In Los Angeles on Thursday Sophie Turner slips into skinny jeans as she arrives in Berlin to shoot a movie before continuing work on Game Of Thrones Jetted across the planet  Millie Mackintosh shows off her toned abs in a crop top and scarlet trouser suit as she enjoys date night with beau Hugo Taylor  Red hot 'I had to put a little milk box in my bra': Kim Kardashian reveals she had to pretend to BREASTFEED North, three, so she wouldn't get jealous of Saint, one 'This is dangerous...' Kate Hudson grills mom Goldie Hawn on not giving her advice, dancing on tables and why never to dream of being an actor 'It's no less offensive than anything on SNL': Joseph Fiennes defends Michael Jackson role in controversial spoof... after it was scrapped following complaints Precious cargo! Amanda Seyfried holds on tight to month-old baby daughter as she strolls in LA with her mom Held her close 'We're going to set the world on fire!' Tom Hanks says he has 'top secret plans' to celebrate 29th wedding anniversary with wife Rita Wilson Amber Rose puts on a VERY busty display in tiny feather-trimmed pink mini dress as she parties the night away with pals Not tutu sweet after all T.I. 'served with divorce papers' from estranged wife Tameka 'Tiny' Cottle-Harris...months after she files documents to end marriage Nothing to see here, Kylie! Newly-single Tyga gets cosy with rumoured new love interest Jordan Ozuna as he wraps his arms around lookalike in LA Backlash! Katy Perry's fans voice their anger over her new single Bon Appetit which features 'homophobic' rap group Migos Not happy Geordie Shore's Marnie Simpson flaunts her ample cleavage in a push up bra as she shares racy video Shared a rather racy snap of her push up bra  Slimline Vicky Pattison flaunts her fantastic figure and toned stomach in a bright pink bikini Showing off her fantastic figure in pink EXCLUSIVE: He taught Faye Dunaway to swim and Grace Kelley visited as a princess - ex-pool manager at the Beverly Hills Hotel shares Hollywood secrets Sacré bleu! Explicit drama Versailles continues to shock as Anna Brewster strips off for a bath... and takes part in sadomasochistic sex scene 'I KNEW he did it': Caitlyn Jenner says OJ Simpson was guilty and reveals Kourtney and Kim struggled with their dad defending the man accused of murder Walk on the wild side! Au naturale Alicia Keys wears bold animal print on WE Day red carpet  The 36-year-old singer strutted her stuff at the event Formula Wonder! Jenson Button's model girlfriend Brittny Ward sets pulses racing as she shares sizzling shot of herself posing in a skimpy blue bikini  Calling all Little Monsters! Lady Gaga invites her fans to be extras in her new film A Star Is Born with Bradley Cooper Unique opportunity 'I would love to do another Austin Powers,' reveals Mike Myers as cast spill behind-the-scenes secrets 20 years after original Considering another James Earl Jones, 86, set to receive special lifetime achievement honor at Tony Awards The 86-year-old will be honoured for his longstanding career 'I actually invented Lemonade so it should be free': Candid Polaroid of pregnant Beyonce ordering food is turned into a hilarious viral meme 'I'm going to throw up': Holly Willoughby is left retching after expert claims picking your nose and eating it is good for your health Left feeling repulsed Makeup-free Shannen Doherty keeps her cap low during sushi date in Malibu with husband Kurt Iswarienko after completing painful chemotherapy 'The luckiest girl in the whole world!' Gotham star Jessica Lucas flashes new ring as she announces engagement to butcher Alex Jermasek Leopard lady: Dakota Johnson shows her animal instincts in spotted coat as she's seen at LAX airport Inside Los Angeles International Airport RHOA star Kenya Moore no shows hearing as judge nixes restraining on ex-boyfriend Matt Jordan Lawyer claims she  couldn't locate him Friendly exes! Mindy Kaling looks stylish in red patterned top as she pals around with former flame B.J.Novak Their friendship is still strong She's a long way from Downton Abbey! Lily James goes completely NAKED as she romps with Jai Courtney in gritty WWII movie The Exception Now that's puppy love! Nina Dobrev introduces her cute new fur baby Mrs Maverick (who already has her own Instagram account) Adorable Sister act! Mary-Kate and Ashley Olsen match in head-to-toe black as they step out in New York Continuing fashion world domination 'I was materialistic': Kim Kardashian breaks down as she reveals how Paris robbery has changed her in first TV interview... but she's still flogging Kimoji merch Perky Kourtney Kardashian puts the underboob trend on trial AGAIN in sporty navy bikini as she goes jet skiing in Mexico Celebrating her 38th Kim Kardashian flaunts her cleavage and curvaceous figure in plunging crop top and skimpy bottoms in Mexico... after slamming haters in airbrush rant Pretty in pink! Hilary Duff makes a leggy impression as she films show Younger in New York  Filming on the night shoot 'I was scared to talk about it': Sadie Frost reveals she hid her 'crippling' battle with anxiety and panic attacks over fears of being misunderstood 'I've realised how unfit I've become!' New mum Paloma Faith wows in a flattering red ensemble as she performs onstage for the first time since giving birth Party pooper! Rapper PartyNextDoor UNFOLLOWS Zayn Malik from social media and DELETES all traces of their collaboration on new single Still Got Time Shooting caps! Cillian Murphy returns to the set of Peaky Blinders for dramatic fourth season... and is immediately dragged into gunfight EXCLUSIVE: Threesomes, a prostitute and Sean Connery's suit - how George Lazenby conned his way into playing James Bond is revealed The dogfather! Robert De Niro, 73, tries out some filters as he makes his Snapchat debut during Tribeca Film Festival 'You looking at me?' IT'S FRIDAY MUSIC: Damon and Noel bury the hatchet as Gorillaz swing into action with a must-buy album Have re-animated the four fictional characters It's a real blast! The craziest comic book heroes in the Guardians of the Galaxy are back with laughs, tears and another stonking 70s soundtrack 'We're all so hard on ourselves!': Bachelor vet Jillian Harris speaks out about 'mommy guilt' as she balances newborn with reality TV career 'Having a family is the meaning of life': Paris Hilton reveals she wants to have children with boyfriend Chris Zylka Considered taking things to the next level Chloe Lattanzi can barely contain her assets in plunging tank top after asking people to focus on her career instead of judging her for 'sexy Instagram pics 'Give us an album!' Fans left stunned by Rumer Willis vocals after she channels Amy Winehouse singing Crazy Crazy for You on Empire Laverne Cox stuns in pink duster over jumpsuit at WE Day celebration in LA... as it's revealed she is joining AGT as guest judge  Ready for a snooze? Olympia Valance wears a silky pyjama-inspired outfit on the red carpet at YSL Beauty Club event Pushed the envelope Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
Las Vegas Sun April 28, 2017 Currently: 72° — Complete forecast Las Vegas Sun The Sunday News Vegas INC Opinion Sports Politics Entertainment Las Vegas Weekly Events Betting Las Vegas Raiders UNLV sports Gaming Vegas Golden Knights Smith's World Newsletter signup 0 Why Trump tax cut may not deliver the boost White House says Carolyn Kaster / AP Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin, right, joined by National Economic Director Gary Cohn, center, and White House press secretary Sean Spicer speaks in the briefing room of the White House in Washington, Wednesday, April 26, 2017. President Donald Trump is proposing dramatically reducing the taxes paid by corporations big and small in an overhaul his administration says will spur economic growth and bring jobs and prosperity to the middle class. By Christopher S. Rugaber, Associated Press Thursday, April 27, 2017 | 2 a.m. WASHINGTON — President Donald Trump's team boasted Wednesday that its tax-cut plan would lighten Americans' financial burdens, ignite economic growth and vastly simplify tax filing. Yet the proposal so far remains short of vital details, including how it would be paid for. And based on the few specifics spelled out so far, most experts suggest that it would add little to growth while swelling the budget deficit and potentially handing large windfalls to wealthier taxpayers. Trump's plan would replace the current seven income tax brackets with three, and the top bracket would drop from 39.6 percent to 35 percent. It would also slash the corporate rate from 35 percent all the way to 15 percent, a boon to most companies even though many don't pay the full tax now. With tax credits and other loopholes, most corporations pay closer to 20 percent, according to calculations by JPMorgan. Perhaps the most contentious plank would enable taxpayers with business income — including those wealthy enough to pay the top tax rate — to instead pay the new 15 percent corporate rate. That's because Trump would apply the corporate rate to "pass through" businesses. Pass-throughs include partnerships such as law firms and hedge funds as well as most small businesses — from the local florist to the family-owned restaurant on Main Street. What's more, some privately held large companies — including Trump's own real estate empire — are structured as pass-throughs and would benefit, too. Here's a closer look at Trump's proposal and its likely impact: WHO BENEFITS? It's hard to say because the administration has released so few details. The three new income tax rates would be 10 percent, 25 percent and 35 percent. But Trump's top economic adviser, Gary Cohn, and Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin, weren't ready Wednesday to say at what income levels these new rates would kick in. Tax experts said far more details were needed to determine how average Americans would be affected. "The impact on Joe Taxpayer is unknown," said Marc Gerson, vice chair of the tax department of law firm Miller & Chevalier in Washington. "There's not enough specificity. It's hard for taxpayers to determine where they'll come out." Cohn asserted that the plan would cut taxes "especially for low and middle income families." It purports to do so in part by doubling the standard deduction, which is used by taxpayers who don't itemize their tax deductions. At the same time, the Trump plan would eliminate the estate tax and the alternative minimum tax, thereby benefiting some of the richest taxpayers. And that's on top of shrinking the corporate tax rate that many affluent individuals could likely capitalize on. WHY CUT CORPORATE TAXES? By making corporations more profitable, the Trump administration hopes to encourage more business spending on equipment — from computers to factories and machinery. Doing so, in turn, could make the economy more efficient and accelerate growth and hiring. Economic growth has been stuck at about 2 percent a year since the recession ended in 2009. Mnuchin says the administration wants to accelerate it above 3 percent, a pace it hasn't touched since 2005. The corporate tax cuts are also intended to encourage more businesses to stay in the United States, which now has the highest corporate rate among advanced economies. Many large corporations are enthusiastic about lower rates and say they support the elimination of loopholes, which both reduce revenue and make taxes more complicated. WHO'D BENEFIT FROM THE CORPORATE RATE CUT? Aside from most large companies, many partnerships and small businesses would benefit because they're structured as pass-throughs, which derives from the fact that they pass on their profits to their owners. Those owners now pay individual income tax rates, which top out at 39.6 percent. With the pass-through rate dropped to 15 percent, those taxpayers could enjoy an enormous tax cut. The Trump team stressed the benefits that might flow to small businesses. But the richest windfalls would flow to the wealthy — lawyers, hedge fund managers, consultants and other big earners. Nearly 75 percent of pass-through income flows to the 10 percent wealthiest taxpayers, according to the liberal Center on Budget and Policy Priorities. "It would tremendously help high earners," says Brian Thompson, a certified public accountant in Chicago. In Kansas, Gov. Sam Brownback eliminated state taxes on pass-throughs, which turned out to be a boon for Bill Self, the coach of the University of Kansas' men's basketball team. He had previously set up his own company, according to state media reports. As a result, he paid little state income tax despite earning nearly $3 million a year. Many people, particularly wealthy Americans, could set up companies and reclassify their paychecks as "business income" and have it taxed at 15 percent, experts say. In Kansas, the number of pass-through businesses jumped to more than double the level the state expected, according to the nonpartisan Tax Policy Center. That cost the state revenue without spurring more job creation. Mnuchin said the Treasury would issue rules to prevent wealthy people from capitalizing on the lower rate. But many experts are skeptical. "Good luck with that," said Mark Mazur, director of the nonpartisan Tax Policy Center and a former Treasury official under President Barack Obama. "The tax agencies tend to be at least a couple of steps behind the businesses." HOW ELSE WOULD BIG BUSINESSES BENEFIT? The administration is also proposing to tax only corporate income earned in the United States. This is known as a "territorial" system. It would replace the current worldwide system, under which corporations pay tax on income earned in the U.S. and overseas. Yet companies can avoid the tax if they keep their foreign earnings overseas. Many businesses have kept hundreds of billions of dollars outside the United States. Mnuchin said Trump's plan would encourage corporations to return the money to the United States and invest it in plants and equipment. Some analysts counter that corporations might instead use the money to pay dividends to shareholders. WHAT ABOUT THE DEFICIT AND GROWTH? The government's budget deficit could explode under the plan, offsetting many of the benefits for the economy, economists say. The Committee for a Responsible Federal Budget's rough estimate puts the loss of revenue at $5.5 trillion over 10 years. Mnuchin argued that the tax cuts would spur faster growth, which, in turn, would produce more tax revenue. And the elimination of tax deductions and other loopholes would raise revenue as well, he contended. But the Trump team offered few details on which deductions would be dropped — a move that would likely spark ferocious opposition from the beneficiaries of those deductions. And most economists don't accept the notion that growth would accelerate enough to offset the lost revenue. Alan Cole, an economist at the right-leaning Tax Foundation, calculates that the corporate tax cuts alone would reduce government revenue by $2 trillion over 10 years. That would require growth to accelerate nearly a full percentage point, to 2.8 percent a year, from its current level. Yet Cole forecasts that growth would increase only 0.4 percent annually. Other economists say that if the cuts balloon the deficit, the resulting jump in government borrowing would swell interest rates and make it harder for businesses and households to borrow and spend. Ethan Harris, chief global economist at Bank of America Merrill Lynch, says such a "crowding out" effect can cancel out any benefits to the economy. SO WILL THE ECONOMY BENEFIT AT ALL? Most economists forecast that a modest tax-cut package — smaller than Trump's — is far more likely to become law. With the deficit rising by less, a smaller cut could raise growth to 2.5 percent a year, from its roughly 2 percent pace now, Harris said. If Trump's proposals became law, depending on the details, growth could accelerate more quickly, Harris added. But the Federal Reserve would likely counter such acceleration with more short-term rate hikes, to forestall rapid inflation. And that move, in turn, would likely slow the economy. 0 Join the Discussion: Check this out for a full explanation of our conversion to the LiveFyre commenting system and instructions on how to sign up for an account. Full comments policy Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Most Popular Viewed Trending Photos: Killers’ frontman Brandon Flowers selling Vegas mansion NBA watching, but not jumping into Vegas market What happens after Trump’s executive order on national monuments Plot to kill gang boss a lie, witness now says NFL Mock Draft: How the first round shakes out in big night for Las Vegas Complete Listing » Complete Listing » Complete Listing » Connect with Us Facebook Twitter Google+ Tumblr Email Edition RSS Scene in Las Vegas Music: Kygo set to debut at XS Nightclub Music: Soulful country from Brett Eldredge at Park Theater Dining: Is the Impossible Burger delicious? Featured Galleries Ozzie Gets A Painting Lesson Uncork’d Ceremonial Champagne Saber-off NAB Show 2017 More photos » AP Headlines Calendar 27 Thu 28 Fri 29 Sat 30 Sun 1 Mon Switch: Trans* Clothing Swap The Center, 401 S. Maryland Parkway, Las Vegas Live Music Thursdays Hyde Bellagio <em>Donny & Marie</em> The Flamingo Showroom All events on Thursday » BAZ - Star Crossed Love The Palazzo Resort Hotel and Casino All events on Friday » Contra Dancing The Charleston Heights Arts Center Live jazz in the Tempo Lounge Westgate Las Vegas & Casino Zumanity Zumanity Theatre All events on Saturday » Cochinillo Roast Cosmopolitan of Las Vegas Live Music at Pancho's Pancho's Mexican Restaurant in Downtown Summerlin, 11020 Lavender Hill Drive, Las Vegas Mat Franco: Magic Reinvented Nightly The Linq All events on Sunday » Industry Monday Tuscany Suites & Casino Beatleshow Orchestra Saxe Theater The Black Box Soul Sessions The Artisan Hotel All events on Monday » News Entertainment Opinion Sports Politics Vegas INC - Business U.S. & World Today's Paper Jobs Locally owned and independent since 1950; Winner of the Pulitzer Prize for Public Service, best news website in the nation & DuPont Award for broadcast journalism About Us Contact Us Advertising FAQ User Agreement Awards Twitter Facebook Google+ RSS Mobile Greenspun Media Group Vegas Inc Las Vegas Weekly Las Vegas Magazine SMP Vegas © Las Vegas Sun, 2017, All Rights Reserved Las Vegas Sun 2275 Corporate Circle, Ste. 300 Henderson, NV 89074
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Tesoro Co. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Tesoro Co. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News TFS Financial Co. (TFSL) Short Interest Up 4.6% in March Royal Bank of Canada Reiterates “Hold” Rating for Lear Co. (LEA) Varex Imaging Corp (VREX) Downgraded by JPMorgan Chase & Co. to “Underweight” Owens Corning (OC) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Royal Bank of Canada Estee Lauder Companies Inc (EL) Earns Buy Rating from Royal Bank of Canada Nielsen N.V. (NLSN) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Cantor Fitzgerald Tesoro Co. (TSO) Receives Hold Rating from Royal Bank of Canada NuStar Energy L.P. (NS) Earns Neutral Rating from Analysts at Macquarie Kinder Morgan Inc (KMI) Earns Neutral Rating from Analysts at Macquarie Royal Bank of Canada Reiterates Neutral Rating for United Technologies Co. (UTX) Q2 2017 EPS Estimates for T-Mobile US Inc (TMUS) Decreased by SunTrust Banks Southwestern Energy Company (SWN) to Post Q2 2017 Earnings of $0.23 Per Share, Capital One Financial Corp. Forecasts NanoString Technologies Inc (NSTG) Shares Bought by State Street Corp State Street Corp Raises Stake in Vera Bradley, Inc. (VRA) Dimensional Fund Advisors LP Has $6.631 Million Position in Workday Inc (WDAY) State Street Corp Acquires 3,832 Shares of Bassett Furniture Industries Inc. (BSET) Salem Media Group Inc (SALM) Position Boosted by Dimensional Fund Advisors LP State Street Corp Boosts Position in Equal Energy Ltd. (ENT) State Street Corp Acquires 5,543 Shares of Noah Holdings Limited (NOAH) Renaissance Technologies LLC Takes Position in OneMain Holdings Inc (OMF) Tesoro Co. (TSO) Receives Hold Rating from Royal Bank of Canada April 27th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Patrick Bannon Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Finance Tweet Tesoro Co. (NYSE:TSO)‘s stock had its “hold” rating restated by Royal Bank of Canada in a research report issued to clients and investors on Thursday. They currently have a $98.00 target price on the oil and gas company’s stock. Royal Bank of Canada’s target price points to a potential upside of 22.39% from the stock’s previous close. Several other brokerages have also recently weighed in on TSO. Piper Jaffray Companies set a $102.00 price target on shares of Tesoro and gave the company a “buy” rating in a research report on Wednesday, February 8th. Simmons dropped their price target on shares of Tesoro from $103.00 to $102.00 and set an “overweight” rating on the stock in a research report on Wednesday, February 8th. Credit Suisse Group AG reaffirmed a “buy” rating on shares of Tesoro in a research report on Wednesday, February 8th. Scotiabank reiterated a “buy” rating on shares of Tesoro in a research note on Wednesday, February 8th. Finally, JPMorgan Chase & Co. upgraded shares of Tesoro from a “neutral” rating to an “overweight” rating and set a $99.00 price objective for the company in a research note on Thursday, February 2nd. They noted that the move was a valuation call. Four analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating, fourteen have issued a buy rating and one has given a strong buy rating to the stock. The stock presently has an average rating of “Buy” and an average price target of $101.79. Shares of Tesoro (NYSE:TSO) opened at 80.07 on Thursday. The company has a market cap of $9.35 billion, a PE ratio of 13.08 and a beta of 1.69. The stock’s 50 day moving average price is $81.07 and its 200-day moving average price is $83.84. Tesoro has a one year low of $69.49 and a one year high of $93.06. Tesoro (NYSE:TSO) last announced its quarterly earnings results on Monday, February 6th. The oil and gas company reported $0.66 earnings per share for the quarter, beating the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of ($0.14) by $0.80. Tesoro had a net margin of 2.99% and a return on equity of 9.07%. The business had revenue of $6.65 billion for the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $7.12 billion. During the same quarter last year, the firm earned $1.83 EPS. The firm’s revenue for the quarter was up 6.0% compared to the same quarter last year. On average, analysts expect that Tesoro will post $5.61 EPS for the current year. TRADEMARK VIOLATION NOTICE: “Tesoro Co. (TSO) Receives Hold Rating from Royal Bank of Canada” was originally published by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are reading this piece on another site, it was illegally stolen and reposted in violation of international copyright and trademark law. The legal version of this piece can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/27/tesoro-co-tso-receives-hold-rating-from-royal-bank-of-canada.html. Several hedge funds have recently bought and sold shares of TSO. Edge Wealth Management LLC bought a new stake in Tesoro during the first quarter worth about $102,000. CENTRAL TRUST Co increased its stake in Tesoro by 0.9% in the first quarter. CENTRAL TRUST Co now owns 1,483 shares of the oil and gas company’s stock worth $120,000 after buying an additional 13 shares in the last quarter. Migdal Insurance & Financial Holdings Ltd. bought a new stake in Tesoro during the fourth quarter worth about $144,000. SRB Corp increased its stake in Tesoro by 13.9% in the third quarter. SRB Corp now owns 2,087 shares of the oil and gas company’s stock worth $166,000 after buying an additional 254 shares in the last quarter. Finally, Keybank National Association OH bought a new stake in Tesoro during the fourth quarter worth about $204,000. 87.89% of the stock is owned by institutional investors. Tesoro Company Profile Tesoro Corporation (Tesoro) is an independent petroleum refining, logistics and marketing company. he Company operates through three segments. The Refining operating segment refines crude oil and other feedstocks into transportation fuels, such as gasoline and gasoline blendstocks, jet fuel and diesel fuel, as well as other products, including heavy fuel oils, liquefied petroleum gas and petroleum coke for sale in bulk markets to a range of customers within its markets. Receive News & Ratings for Tesoro Co. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Tesoro Co. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Judge Uses Comment by President Trump in Ruling Fight for Border Wall Approaches in Attempt to Avoid Shutdown President Trump Attempting To Repeal ACA Again Vice President Pence Says North Korea Should Not Test U.S. Resolve Trump’s Back and Forth on Economics © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Basf Se - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Basf Se with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Palo Alto Networks Inc (PANW) Price Target Cut to $126.00 Basf Se (BAS) PT Set at €85.00 by Baader Bank Omnicell, Inc. (OMCL) Lowered to “Neutral” at Piper Jaffray Companies Core Laboratories (CLB) Upgraded by Loop Capital to Buy Short Interest in Celldex Therapeutics, Inc. (CLDX) Declines By 12.4% Zacks Investment Research Downgrades Great Southern Bancorp, Inc. (GSBC) to Sell Hang Seng Bank Ltd. (HSNGY) Rating Increased to Hold at Zacks Investment Research Liberum Capital Reaffirms Hold Rating for Persimmon plc (PSN) Aggreko plc (AGK) Rating Reiterated by Peel Hunt Beaufort Securities Reaffirms Speculative Buy Rating for Ortac Resources Ltd (OTC) AstraZeneca plc’s (AZN) Sell Rating Reiterated at Shore Capital Q1 2017 EPS Estimates for Carrizo Oil & Gas Inc Reduced by Analyst (CRZO) Zions Bancorp (ZION) Forecasted to Earn Q2 2017 Earnings of $0.60 Per Share Q1 2017 EPS Estimates for EQT Co. (EQT) Increased by SunTrust Banks GlaxoSmithKline plc (GSK) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Kepler Capital Markets Boohoo.Com PLC (BOO) Price Target Raised to GBX 200 General Electric Company Target of Unusually High Options Trading (GE) AstraZeneca plc’s (AZN) Buy Rating Reiterated at Kepler Capital Markets Deutsche Bank AG Reiterates Sell Rating for BT Group plc (BT) Domino's Pizza Group PLC. (DOM) Stock Rating Upgraded by Peel Hunt Basf Se (BAS) PT Set at €85.00 by Baader Bank April 27th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Patrick Bannon Filed Under: Analyst Articles - Europe - Finance Tweet Basf Se (ETR:BAS) received a €85.00 ($92.39) price objective from investment analysts at Baader Bank in a research note issued to investors on Thursday. The brokerage presently has a “neutral” rating on the basic materials company’s stock. Other equities analysts have also issued reports about the stock. Morgan Stanley set a €82.00 ($89.13) target price on shares of Basf Se and gave the stock a “neutral” rating in a research report on Friday, March 31st. Barclays PLC set a €89.00 ($96.74) target price on shares of Basf Se and gave the stock a “neutral” rating in a research report on Monday, April 10th. Sanford C. Bernstein set a €66.00 ($71.74) target price on shares of Basf Se and gave the stock a “sell” rating in a research report on Wednesday, April 12th. Macquarie set a €105.00 ($114.13) target price on shares of Basf Se and gave the stock a “buy” rating in a research report on Tuesday, March 28th. Finally, JPMorgan Chase & Co. set a €105.00 ($114.13) target price on shares of Basf Se and gave the stock a “buy” rating in a research report on Tuesday, April 18th. Four research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, nine have assigned a hold rating and ten have issued a buy rating to the company’s stock. Basf Se currently has an average rating of “Hold” and a consensus price target of €90.28 ($98.13). Shares of Basf Se (ETR:BAS) opened at 89.00 on Thursday. The company’s 50-day moving average price is €90.78 and its 200 day moving average price is €86.48. The company has a market cap of €81.74 billion and a PE ratio of 20.18. Basf Se has a one year low of €63.30 and a one year high of €94.15. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY NOTICE: This story was originally published by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are reading this story on another publication, it was illegally copied and reposted in violation of U.S. and international copyright & trademark law. The legal version of this story can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/27/basf-se-bas-pt-set-at-85-00-by-baader-bank.html. About Basf Se BASF SE is a chemical company. The Company operates through five segments, which include Chemicals, Performance Products, Functional Materials & Solutions, Agricultural Solutions, and Oil & Gas. The Chemicals segment consists of the Petrochemicals, Monomers and Intermediates divisions. The Performance Products segment consists of the Dispersions & Pigments, Care Chemicals, Nutrition & Health, and Performance Chemicals divisions. Receive News & Ratings for Basf Se Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Basf Se and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Judge Uses Comment by President Trump in Ruling Fight for Border Wall Approaches in Attempt to Avoid Shutdown President Trump Attempting To Repeal ACA Again Vice President Pence Says North Korea Should Not Test U.S. Resolve Trump’s Back and Forth on Economics © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance General Electric Company - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for General Electric Company with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News GlaxoSmithKline plc (GSK) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Kepler Capital Markets Boohoo.Com PLC (BOO) Price Target Raised to GBX 200 General Electric Company Target of Unusually High Options Trading (GE) AstraZeneca plc’s (AZN) Buy Rating Reiterated at Kepler Capital Markets Deutsche Bank AG Reiterates Sell Rating for BT Group plc (BT) Domino's Pizza Group PLC. (DOM) Stock Rating Upgraded by Peel Hunt E*TRADE Financial Corp (ETFC) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Keefe, Bruyette & Woods Nomura Reaffirms Buy Rating for KeyCorp (KEY) Q1 2017 Earnings Estimate for XL Group Ltd. Issued By FBR & Co (XL) Nielsen N.V. (NLSN) Reaches New 12-Month Low Following Weak Earnings Rolls-Royce Holding PLC (RR) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Citigroup Inc Seaport Global Securities Research Analysts Lower Earnings Estimates for Arch Coal, Inc. Class A (ARCH) Maxim Integrated Products’ (MXIM) “Hold” Rating Reiterated at Maxim Group Everspin Technologies Inc (MRAM) Stock Rating Lowered by Zacks Investment Research BAE Systems plc’s (BA) Overweight Rating Reiterated at JPMorgan Chase & Co. Mallinckrodt PLC (MNK) Given “Buy” Rating at Jefferies Group LLC Barclays PLC Reiterates “Equal weight” Rating for Moneysupermarket.Com Group PLC (MONY) JPMorgan Chase & Co. Reaffirms “Neutral” Rating for QinetiQ Group plc (QQ) Chemring Group plc (CHG) Earns “Neutral” Rating from JPMorgan Chase & Co. JPMorgan Chase & Co. Cuts Go-Ahead Group plc (GOG) Price Target to GBX 2,277 General Electric Company Target of Unusually High Options Trading (GE) April 27th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Tyrone Williams Filed Under: Finance - Options Articles Tweet General Electric Company (NYSE:GE) was the recipient of some unusual options trading on Thursday. Traders purchased 2,590 call options on the company. This is an increase of approximately 143% compared to the average daily volume of 1,064 call options. General Electric Company (NYSE:GE) opened at 29.26 on Thursday. General Electric Company has a 1-year low of $28.19 and a 1-year high of $33.00. The firm has a market cap of $255.29 billion, a PE ratio of 32.77 and a beta of 1.20. The company has a 50 day moving average price of $29.76 and a 200 day moving average price of $30.23. General Electric Company (NYSE:GE) last released its quarterly earnings results on Friday, April 21st. The conglomerate reported $0.21 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, beating the Zacks’ consensus estimate of $0.17 by $0.04. General Electric Company had a net margin of 6.86% and a return on equity of 15.99%. The company earned $27.66 billion during the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $26.37 billion. During the same period in the prior year, the company earned $0.21 earnings per share. The business’s quarterly revenue was down .7% compared to the same quarter last year. On average, equities research analysts forecast that General Electric Company will post $1.63 earnings per share for the current year. The business also recently announced a quarterly dividend, which was paid on Tuesday, April 25th. Investors of record on Monday, February 27th were paid a $0.24 dividend. This represents a $0.96 annualized dividend and a dividend yield of 3.28%. The ex-dividend date was Thursday, February 23rd. General Electric Company’s payout ratio is presently 106.67%. GE has been the subject of a number of research reports. Royal Bank of Canada reissued a “buy” rating and set a $37.00 price target on shares of General Electric Company in a research report on Thursday, January 5th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. reissued an “underweight” rating and set a $28.00 price target on shares of General Electric Company in a research report on Thursday, January 5th. Stifel Nicolaus set a $34.00 price target on General Electric Company and gave the company a “buy” rating in a research report on Tuesday, January 17th. Vetr raised General Electric Company from a “buy” rating to a “strong-buy” rating and set a $34.04 price target for the company in a research report on Monday, January 23rd. Finally, Sanford C. Bernstein reissued an “outperform” rating and set a $40.00 price target on shares of General Electric Company in a research report on Tuesday, January 24th. Two research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, nine have given a hold rating and ten have issued a buy rating to the company. The company currently has a consensus rating of “Hold” and a consensus price target of $32.08. In other news, Director Marijn E. Dekkers purchased 20,000 shares of the stock in a transaction on Monday, April 24th. The stock was purchased at an average price of $29.90 per share, with a total value of $598,000.00. Following the completion of the transaction, the director now owns 1,000 shares in the company, valued at $29,900. The transaction was disclosed in a filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which can be accessed through the SEC website. Also, Vice Chairman David Leon Joyce sold 159,662 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction dated Friday, February 3rd. The shares were sold at an average price of $29.56, for a total value of $4,719,608.72. Following the sale, the insider now directly owns 738,907 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $21,842,090.92. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. 0.23% of the stock is currently owned by insiders. Large investors have recently added to or reduced their stakes in the stock. Fusion Family Wealth LLC bought a new stake in General Electric Company during the fourth quarter valued at $100,000. Feltz Wealth PLAN Inc. bought a new stake in General Electric Company during the first quarter valued at $114,000. Empirical Finance LLC bought a new stake in General Electric Company during the fourth quarter valued at $140,000. Turner Investments LLC bought a new stake in General Electric Company during the fourth quarter valued at $161,000. Finally, New Harbor Financial Group LLC boosted its stake in General Electric Company by 46.0% in the third quarter. New Harbor Financial Group LLC now owns 5,828 shares of the conglomerate’s stock valued at $172,000 after buying an additional 1,837 shares during the last quarter. Institutional investors and hedge funds own 54.68% of the company’s stock. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY NOTICE: “General Electric Company Target of Unusually High Options Trading (GE)” was first published by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are reading this report on another website, it was illegally copied and reposted in violation of United States and international trademark & copyright laws. The legal version of this report can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/27/general-electric-company-target-of-unusually-high-options-trading-ge.html. About General Electric Company Receive News & Ratings for General Electric Company Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for General Electric Company and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Judge Uses Comment by President Trump in Ruling Fight for Border Wall Approaches in Attempt to Avoid Shutdown President Trump Attempting To Repeal ACA Again Vice President Pence Says North Korea Should Not Test U.S. Resolve Trump’s Back and Forth on Economics © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact

MCD elections results | E-Paper Sections Home Companies Industry Politics Money Opinion Lounge Consumer Education More... MultimediaScienceSportsSpecialsMint on Sunday People Results Management Start-ups Financial Services Manufacturing Retail Telecom Infotech Infrastructure Education World Reports Agriculture Mint 50 Mark to Market Markets Ask Mint Money Calculators Mediclaim Ratings Views Online Views Columns Quick Edit Blogs Lounge Business of Life Slideshows Videos Technology Videos Marketing Research Personal Tech Media Advertising Science Travel 2017: New year, new beginnings The year of surprise Home » Politics Last Modified: Thu, Apr 27 2017. 01 16 PM IST Why Donald Trump tax cut may not deliver the boost White House says Experts suggest that Donald Trump tax cut would add little to growth while swelling the budget deficit and handing large windfalls to wealthier taxpayers Subscribe to our newsletter. AP Donald Trump’s tax plan would replace the current seven income tax brackets with three, and the top bracket would drop from 39.6% to 35%. Photo: AP Washington: President Donald Trump’s team boasted Wednesday that its tax-cut plan would lighten Americans’ financial burdens, ignite economic growth and vastly simplify tax filing. Yet the proposal so far remains short of vital details, including how it would be paid for. And based on the few specifics spelled out so far, most experts suggest that it would add little to growth while swelling the budget deficit and potentially handing large windfalls to wealthier taxpayers. Trump’s plan would replace the current seven income tax brackets with three, and the top bracket would drop from 39.6% to 35%. It would also slash the corporate rate from 35% all the way to 15%, a boon to most companies even though many don’t pay the full tax now. With tax credits and other loopholes, most corporations pay closer to 20%, according to calculations by JPMorgan. Perhaps the most contentious plank would enable taxpayers with business income — including those wealthy enough to pay the top tax rate — to instead pay the new 15% corporate rate. That’s because Trump would apply the corporate rate to “pass through” businesses. Pass-throughs include partnerships such as law firms and hedge funds as well as most small businesses — from the local florist to the family-owned restaurant on Main Street. What’s more, some privately held large companies — including Trump’s own real estate empire — are structured as pass-throughs and would benefit, too. Here’s a closer look at Trump’s proposal and its likely impact: Who benefits? It’s hard to say because the administration has released so few details. The three new income tax rates would be 10%, 25% and 35%. But Trump’s top economic adviser, Gary Cohn, and Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin, weren’t ready on Wednesday to say at what income levels these new rates would kick in. Tax experts said far more details were needed to determine how average Americans would be affected. “The impact on Joe Taxpayer is unknown,” said Marc Gerson, vice chair of the tax department of law firm Miller & Chevalier in Washington. “There’s not enough specificity. It’s hard for taxpayers to determine where they’ll come out.” Cohn asserted that the plan would cut taxes “especially for low and middle income families.” It purports to do so in part by doubling the standard deduction, which is used by taxpayers who don’t itemize their tax deductions. At the same time, the Trump plan would eliminate the estate tax and the alternative minimum tax, thereby benefiting some of the richest taxpayers. And that’s on top of shrinking the corporate tax rate that many affluent individuals could likely capitalize on. Why cut corporate taxes? By making corporations more profitable, the Trump administration hopes to encourage more business spending on equipment — from computers to factories and machinery. Doing so, in turn, could make the economy more efficient and accelerate growth and hiring. Economic growth has been stuck at about 2% a year since the recession ended in 2009. Mnuchin says the administration wants to accelerate it above 3%, a pace it hasn’t touched since 2005. The corporate tax cuts are also intended to encourage more businesses to stay in the United States, which now has the highest corporate rate among advanced economies. Many large corporations are enthusiastic about lower rates and say they support the elimination of loopholes, which both reduce revenue and make taxes more complicated. Who’d benefit from the corporate rate cut? Aside from most large companies, many partnerships and small businesses would benefit because they’re structured as pass-throughs, which derives from the fact that they pass on their profits to their owners. Those owners now pay individual income tax rates, which top out at 39.6%. With the pass-through rate dropped to 15%, those taxpayers could enjoy an enormous tax cut. The Trump team stressed the benefits that might flow to small businesses. But the richest windfalls would flow to the wealthy — lawyers, hedge fund managers, consultants and other big earners. Nearly 75% of pass-through income flows to the 10% wealthiest taxpayers, according to the liberal Center on Budget and Policy Priorities. “It would tremendously help high earners,” says Brian Thompson, a certified public accountant in Chicago. In Kansas, Gov. Sam Brownback eliminated state taxes on pass-throughs, which turned out to be a boon for Bill Self, the coach of the University of Kansas’ men’s basketball team. He had previously set up his own company, according to state media reports. As a result, he paid little state income tax despite earning nearly $3 million a year. Many people, particularly wealthy Americans, could set up companies and reclassify their paychecks as “business income” and have it taxed at 15%, experts say. In Kansas, the number of pass-through businesses jumped to more than double the level the state expected, according to the nonpartisan Tax Policy Center. That cost the state revenue without spurring more job creation. Mnuchin said the Treasury would issue rules to prevent wealthy people from capitalizing on the lower rate. But many experts are skeptical. “Good luck with that,” said Mark Mazur, director of the nonpartisan Tax Policy Center and a former Treasury official under President Barack Obama. “The tax agencies tend to be at least a couple of steps behind the businesses.” How else would big businesses benefit? The administration is also proposing to tax only corporate income earned in the United States. This is known as a “territorial” system. It would replace the current worldwide system, under which corporations pay tax on income earned in the US and overseas. Yet companies can avoid the tax if they keep their foreign earnings overseas. Many businesses have kept hundreds of billions of dollars outside the United States. Mnuchin said Trump’s plan would encourage corporations to return the money to the United States and invest it in plants and equipment. Some analysts counter that corporations might instead use the money to pay dividends to shareholders. What about the deficit and growth? The government’s budget deficit could explode under the plan, offsetting many of the benefits for the economy, economists say. The Committee for a Responsible Federal Budget’s rough estimate puts the loss of revenue at $5.5 trillion over 10 years. Mnuchin argued that the tax cuts would spur faster growth, which, in turn, would produce more tax revenue. And the elimination of tax deductions and other loopholes would raise revenue as well, he contended. But the Trump team offered few details on which deductions would be dropped — a move that would likely spark ferocious opposition from the beneficiaries of those deductions. And most economists don’t accept the notion that growth would accelerate enough to offset the lost revenue. Alan Cole, an economist at the right-leaning Tax Foundation, calculates that the corporate tax cuts alone would reduce government revenue by $2 trillion over 10 years. That would require growth to accelerate nearly a full percentage point, to 2.8% a year, from its current level. Yet Cole forecasts that growth would increase only 0.4% annually. Other economists say that if the cuts balloon the deficit, the resulting jump in government borrowing would swell interest rates and make it harder for businesses and households to borrow and spend. Ethan Harris, chief global economist at Bank of America Merrill Lynch, says such a “crowding out” effect can cancel out any benefits to the economy. So will the economy benefit at all? Most economists forecast that a modest tax-cut package — smaller than Trump’s — is far more likely to become law. With the deficit rising by less, a smaller cut could raise growth to 2.5% a year, from its roughly 2% pace now, Harris said. If Trump’s proposals became law, depending on the details, growth could accelerate more quickly, Harris added. But the Federal Reserve would likely counter such acceleration with more short-term rate hikes, to forestall rapid inflation. And that move, in turn, would likely slow the economy. AP Topics: Donald Trump Trump tax cut White House Trump tax reform Corporate tax rate More From Livemint READ MORE Jaitley says framing GST tax rates in final stage, promises no surprises Lounge Loves | Google Earth IPL: Why ad campaign series like Amazon India’s ‘Chonkpur Cheetahs’ work First Published: Thu, Apr 27 2017. 01 16 PM IST Editor's Picks India export subsidies may have to be phased out soon A reason to pause in Sukma Snapdeal sale still in limbo as cash reserves dwindle Latest News Jaitley says framing GST tax rates in final stage, promises no surprises Lounge Loves | Google Earth IPL: Why ad campaign series like Amazon India’s ‘Chonkpur Cheetahs’ work US issues fewer visas to citizens of nations under Donald Trump travel ban Women in the ‘right wing’ Mint On Sunday It’s a big deal: Poker gets into a league of its own The ruminations of Vimal Das, Dalit and Hindu priest It's time to reform the RTE Act Desperately seeking Amitabh Bachchan Letter from… a purge Home Companies Opinion Industry Politics Consumer Lounge Multimedia Money Sitemap Subscribe Contact Us Mint Code Privacy policy Terms of Use Advertising Mint Apps About Us Syndication Mint on Sunday RSS Hindustan Times Desimartini Copyright © 2017 HT Media Ltd. All Rights Reserved Close Home Companies Industry Politics Money Opinion Lounge Education Multimedia Consumer Science Mint on Sunday Sports Specials Close
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Rolls-Royce Holding PLC - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Rolls-Royce Holding PLC with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Nielsen N.V. (NLSN) Reaches New 12-Month Low Following Weak Earnings Rolls-Royce Holding PLC (RR) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Citigroup Inc Seaport Global Securities Research Analysts Lower Earnings Estimates for Arch Coal, Inc. Class A (ARCH) Maxim Integrated Products’ (MXIM) “Hold” Rating Reiterated at Maxim Group Everspin Technologies Inc (MRAM) Stock Rating Lowered by Zacks Investment Research BAE Systems plc’s (BA) Overweight Rating Reiterated at JPMorgan Chase & Co. Mallinckrodt PLC (MNK) Given “Buy” Rating at Jefferies Group LLC Barclays PLC Reiterates “Equal weight” Rating for Moneysupermarket.Com Group PLC (MONY) JPMorgan Chase & Co. Reaffirms “Neutral” Rating for QinetiQ Group plc (QQ) Chemring Group plc (CHG) Earns “Neutral” Rating from JPMorgan Chase & Co. JPMorgan Chase & Co. Cuts Go-Ahead Group plc (GOG) Price Target to GBX 2,277 BT Group plc’s (BT.A) Neutral Rating Reaffirmed at JPMorgan Chase & Co. ContraVir Pharmaceuticals’ (CTRV) “Buy” Rating Reiterated at Noble Financial Rio Tinto plc’s (RIO) Outperform Rating Reiterated at Macquarie J Sainsbury plc (SBRY) Rating Reiterated by Deutsche Bank AG Shire PLC (SHP) Given Overweight Rating at JPMorgan Chase & Co. DS Smith plc’s (SMDS) “Neutral” Rating Reiterated at Goldman Sachs Group Inc Talktalk Telecom Group PLC (TALK) Upgraded to Buy at HSBC Holdings plc RPC, Inc. (RES) Shares Gap Up Following Earnings Beat Medidata Solutions Inc (MDSO) Trading Up 6% Following Strong Earnings Rolls-Royce Holding PLC (RR) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Citigroup Inc April 27th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Trevor Kearing Filed Under: Analyst Articles - UK - Finance Tweet Rolls-Royce Holding PLC (LON:RR)‘s stock had its “buy” rating reissued by stock analysts at Citigroup Inc in a research note issued on Tuesday. They presently have a GBX 920 ($11.76) price target on the stock. Citigroup Inc’s price objective would suggest a potential upside of 11.38% from the company’s current price. Several other equities research analysts also recently weighed in on the stock. JPMorgan Chase & Co. dropped their target price on shares of Rolls-Royce Holding PLC from GBX 890 ($11.38) to GBX 730 ($9.33) and set a “neutral” rating for the company in a research report on Thursday, January 5th. Liberum Capital reissued a “hold” rating and issued a GBX 670 ($8.57) target price (up previously from GBX 560 ($7.16)) on shares of Rolls-Royce Holding PLC in a research report on Tuesday, January 17th. Berenberg Bank boosted their target price on shares of Rolls-Royce Holding PLC from GBX 710 ($9.08) to GBX 770 ($9.84) and gave the stock a “hold” rating in a research report on Friday, March 10th. Barclays PLC reissued an “underweight” rating and issued a GBX 480 ($6.14) target price on shares of Rolls-Royce Holding PLC in a research report on Monday, March 20th. Finally, Deutsche Bank AG boosted their target price on shares of Rolls-Royce Holding PLC from GBX 475 ($6.07) to GBX 540 ($6.90) and gave the stock a “sell” rating in a research report on Wednesday, March 29th. Seven equities research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, five have assigned a hold rating and three have issued a buy rating to the company’s stock. Rolls-Royce Holding PLC currently has an average rating of “Hold” and a consensus price target of GBX 697.67 ($8.92). Shares of Rolls-Royce Holding PLC (LON:RR) opened at 808.00 on Tuesday. The firm’s market capitalization is GBX 14.86 billion. Rolls-Royce Holding PLC has a 52 week low of GBX 588.00 and a 52 week high of GBX 875.50. The stock has a 50 day moving average price of GBX 780.61 and a 200 day moving average price of GBX 723.84. The firm also recently disclosed a dividend, which will be paid on Wednesday, July 5th. Investors of record on Thursday, April 27th will be given a dividend of GBX 7.10 ($0.09) per share. This represents a dividend yield of 0.95%. The ex-dividend date is Thursday, April 27th. WARNING: “Rolls-Royce Holding PLC (RR) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Citigroup Inc” was posted by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are reading this report on another domain, it was copied illegally and reposted in violation of United States & international copyright and trademark legislation. The original version of this report can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/27/rolls-royce-holding-plc-rr-stock-rating-reaffirmed-by-citigroup-inc.html. In other news, insider Kevin Smith bought 377 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction on Tuesday, February 7th. The stock was purchased at an average price of GBX 701 ($8.96) per share, for a total transaction of £2,642.77 ($3,378.64). Also, insider Ruth Cairnie bought 255 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction on Tuesday, March 7th. The stock was purchased at an average price of GBX 760 ($9.72) per share, with a total value of £1,938 ($2,477.63). In the last ninety days, insiders have purchased 967 shares of company stock valued at $722,057. Rolls-Royce Holding PLC Company Profile Receive News & Ratings for Rolls-Royce Holding PLC Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Rolls-Royce Holding PLC and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Judge Uses Comment by President Trump in Ruling Fight for Border Wall Approaches in Attempt to Avoid Shutdown President Trump Attempting To Repeal ACA Again Vice President Pence Says North Korea Should Not Test U.S. Resolve Trump’s Back and Forth on Economics © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Moneysupermarket.Com Group PLC - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Moneysupermarket.Com Group PLC with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Maxim Integrated Products’ (MXIM) “Hold” Rating Reiterated at Maxim Group Everspin Technologies Inc (MRAM) Stock Rating Lowered by Zacks Investment Research BAE Systems plc’s (BA) Overweight Rating Reiterated at JPMorgan Chase & Co. Mallinckrodt PLC (MNK) Given “Buy” Rating at Jefferies Group LLC Barclays PLC Reiterates “Equal weight” Rating for Moneysupermarket.Com Group PLC (MONY) JPMorgan Chase & Co. Reaffirms “Neutral” Rating for QinetiQ Group plc (QQ) Chemring Group plc (CHG) Earns “Neutral” Rating from JPMorgan Chase & Co. JPMorgan Chase & Co. Cuts Go-Ahead Group plc (GOG) Price Target to GBX 2,277 BT Group plc’s (BT.A) Neutral Rating Reaffirmed at JPMorgan Chase & Co. ContraVir Pharmaceuticals’ (CTRV) “Buy” Rating Reiterated at Noble Financial Rio Tinto plc’s (RIO) Outperform Rating Reiterated at Macquarie J Sainsbury plc (SBRY) Rating Reiterated by Deutsche Bank AG Shire PLC (SHP) Given Overweight Rating at JPMorgan Chase & Co. DS Smith plc’s (SMDS) “Neutral” Rating Reiterated at Goldman Sachs Group Inc Talktalk Telecom Group PLC (TALK) Upgraded to Buy at HSBC Holdings plc RPC, Inc. (RES) Shares Gap Up Following Earnings Beat Medidata Solutions Inc (MDSO) Trading Up 6% Following Strong Earnings Zacks Investment Research Lowers Apollo Global Management LLC (APO) to Hold Novae Group Plc (NVA) Rating Reiterated by Stockdale Securities Tecogen Inc (TGEN) Upgraded by TheStreet to “C-“ Barclays PLC Reiterates “Equal weight” Rating for Moneysupermarket.Com Group PLC (MONY) April 27th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Trevor Kearing Filed Under: Analyst Articles - UK - Finance Tweet Barclays PLC reiterated their equal weight rating on shares of Moneysupermarket.Com Group PLC (LON:MONY) in a report released on Friday morning. MONY has been the topic of several other reports. Numis Securities Ltd reissued an add rating and set a GBX 325 ($4.15) target price on shares of Moneysupermarket.Com Group PLC in a research note on Thursday, January 19th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. increased their target price on shares of Moneysupermarket.Com Group PLC from GBX 360 ($4.60) to GBX 370 ($4.73) and gave the stock an overweight rating in a research note on Wednesday, March 1st. Canaccord Genuity reissued a buy rating and set a GBX 380 ($4.86) target price on shares of Moneysupermarket.Com Group PLC in a research note on Tuesday, February 28th. Shore Capital reissued a buy rating on shares of Moneysupermarket.Com Group PLC in a research note on Wednesday, April 19th. Finally, Liberum Capital reissued a hold rating and set a GBX 325 ($4.15) target price on shares of Moneysupermarket.Com Group PLC in a research note on Tuesday, February 28th. Four analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and seven have assigned a buy rating to the stock. The company has an average rating of Buy and an average target price of GBX 362.45 ($4.63). Moneysupermarket.Com Group PLC (LON:MONY) opened at 341.50 on Friday. The company’s market cap is GBX 1.87 billion. The stock has a 50 day moving average of GBX 336.09 and a 200-day moving average of GBX 308.44. Moneysupermarket.Com Group PLC has a 12 month low of GBX 225.50 and a 12 month high of GBX 351.10. TRADEMARK VIOLATION NOTICE: This piece was reported by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are reading this piece on another site, it was illegally copied and republished in violation of United States & international trademark and copyright legislation. The original version of this piece can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/27/barclays-plc-reiterates-equal-weight-rating-for-moneysupermarket-com-group-plc-mony.html. The firm also recently disclosed a dividend, which will be paid on Friday, May 12th. Shareholders of record on Thursday, April 6th will be paid a GBX 7.10 ($0.09) dividend. This represents a dividend yield of 2.15%. This is a positive change from Moneysupermarket.Com Group PLC’s previous dividend of $2.75. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Thursday, April 6th. In other Moneysupermarket.Com Group PLC news, insider Peter Plumb sold 444,580 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction on Wednesday, March 8th. The shares were sold at an average price of GBX 341 ($4.36), for a total value of £1,516,017.80 ($1,938,146.00). Also, insider Matthew Price sold 56,197 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction on Monday, April 3rd. The shares were sold at an average price of GBX 331 ($4.23), for a total transaction of £186,012.07 ($237,806.28). Moneysupermarket.Com Group PLC Company Profile Moneysupermarket.com Group PLC provides online services, through its brands, MoneySuperMarket, MoneySavingExpert and TravelSupermarket. The Company’s segments include Money, Insurance, Travel, Home Services and MoneySavingExpert.com. Its Money segment offers customers the ability to search for and compare products, including credit cards, accounts, mortgages, loans, debt solutions, savings accounts and business finance. Receive News & Ratings for Moneysupermarket.Com Group PLC Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Moneysupermarket.Com Group PLC and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Judge Uses Comment by President Trump in Ruling Fight for Border Wall Approaches in Attempt to Avoid Shutdown President Trump Attempting To Repeal ACA Again Vice President Pence Says North Korea Should Not Test U.S. Resolve Trump’s Back and Forth on Economics © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance DS Smith plc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for DS Smith plc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News J Sainsbury plc (SBRY) Rating Reiterated by Deutsche Bank AG Shire PLC (SHP) Given Overweight Rating at JPMorgan Chase & Co. DS Smith plc’s (SMDS) “Neutral” Rating Reiterated at Goldman Sachs Group Inc Talktalk Telecom Group PLC (TALK) Upgraded to Buy at HSBC Holdings plc RPC, Inc. (RES) Shares Gap Up Following Earnings Beat Medidata Solutions Inc (MDSO) Trading Up 6% Following Strong Earnings Zacks Investment Research Lowers Apollo Global Management LLC (APO) to Hold Novae Group Plc (NVA) Rating Reiterated by Stockdale Securities Tecogen Inc (TGEN) Upgraded by TheStreet to “C-“ Escalade, Inc. (ESCA) Stock Rating Lowered by TheStreet CalAtlantic Group Inc (CAA) Upgraded to Hold by Zacks Investment Research Vernalis plc (VER) Given Add Rating at Numis Securities Ltd Unilever plc (ULVR) Receives Buy Rating from Beaufort Securities Zpg Plc’s (ZPLA) “Overweight” Rating Reiterated at Barclays PLC Virgin Money Holdings PLC (VM) Lifted to “Buy” at Citigroup Inc Unilever plc (ULVR) Price Target Raised to GBX 3,950 Jefferies Group Brokers Decrease Earnings Estimates for Golar LNG Limited (GLNG) Q1 2017 Earnings Forecast for Halliburton Company (HAL) Issued By Capital One Financial Corp. William Blair Weighs in on HFF, Inc.’s Q1 2017 Earnings (HF) Jefferies Group Weighs in on StealthGas Inc.’s Q1 2017 Earnings (GASS) DS Smith plc’s (SMDS) “Neutral” Rating Reiterated at Goldman Sachs Group Inc April 27th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Tyrone Williams Filed Under: Analyst Articles - UK - Finance Tweet Goldman Sachs Group Inc restated their neutral rating on shares of DS Smith plc (LON:SMDS) in a research report released on Monday morning. They currently have a GBX 430 ($5.50) target price on the stock. SMDS has been the subject of a number of other research reports. Citigroup Inc restated a buy rating and set a GBX 453 ($5.79) target price on shares of DS Smith plc in a report on Thursday, January 19th. Jefferies Group LLC restated a hold rating and set a GBX 440 ($5.63) target price on shares of DS Smith plc in a report on Thursday, January 12th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. restated an overweight rating and set a GBX 475 ($6.07) target price on shares of DS Smith plc in a report on Monday, January 23rd. Berenberg Bank restated a hold rating and set a GBX 400 ($5.11) target price on shares of DS Smith plc in a report on Thursday, February 9th. Finally, Numis Securities Ltd restated an add rating and set a GBX 465 ($5.94) target price on shares of DS Smith plc in a report on Thursday, January 19th. Six investment analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and five have given a buy rating to the company’s stock. The stock currently has a consensus rating of Hold and a consensus target price of GBX 467.63 ($5.98). DS Smith plc (LON:SMDS) opened at 437.10 on Monday. DS Smith plc has a 12-month low of GBX 355.60 and a 12-month high of GBX 458.00. The firm’s 50-day moving average is GBX 435.34 and its 200-day moving average is GBX 421.78. The stock’s market capitalization is GBX 4.13 billion. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY WARNING: This piece was posted by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are reading this piece on another website, it was copied illegally and reposted in violation of United States & international copyright and trademark legislation. The original version of this piece can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/27/ds-smith-plcs-smds-neutral-rating-reiterated-at-goldman-sachs-group-inc.html. The company also recently disclosed a dividend, which will be paid on Tuesday, May 2nd. Shareholders of record on Thursday, April 6th will be issued a GBX 4.60 ($0.06) dividend. The ex-dividend date is Thursday, April 6th. This represents a yield of 1.13%. About DS Smith plc DS Smith Plc is a provider of corrugated packaging in Europe and plastic packaging across the world. The Company’s segments include UK, Western Europe, DCH and Northern Europe, Central Europe and Italy, and Plastics. The Company designs and manufactures plastic bags and taps and fitments for use in bag-in-box packaging for liquids. Receive News & Ratings for DS Smith plc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for DS Smith plc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Judge Uses Comment by President Trump in Ruling Fight for Border Wall Approaches in Attempt to Avoid Shutdown President Trump Attempting To Repeal ACA Again Vice President Pence Says North Korea Should Not Test U.S. Resolve Trump’s Back and Forth on Economics © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance E.On Se - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for E.On Se with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Jefferies Group LLC Analysts Give E.On Se (EOAN) a €7.80 Price Target Macquarie Reiterates “€18.00” Price Target for RWE AG (RWE) equinet AG Analysts Give Deutsche Telekom AG (DTE) a €15.50 Price Target Deutsche Telekom AG (DTE) PT Set at €19.80 by Barclays PLC ASOS plc’s (ASC) Hold Rating Reiterated at HSBC Holdings plc HSBC Holdings plc Analysts Give Volkswagen AG (VOW3) a €163.00 Price Target St. James's Place plc (STJ) Research Coverage Started at Credit Suisse Group AG JRP Group PLC (JRP) Research Coverage Started at Credit Suisse Group AG Lancashire Holdings Limited (LRE) Price Target Increased to GBX 725 by Analysts at Peel Hunt Celestica Inc (CLS) Price Target Increased to C$20.00 by Analysts at Royal Bank of Canada Barrick Gold Corp (ABX) Earns “Outperform” Rating from Royal Bank of Canada Barrick Gold Corp (ABX) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Scotiabank Scotiabank Raises Brookfield Canada Office Properties (BOX.UN) Price Target to C$32.50 Masco Corp (MAS) Shares Gap Up Following Earnings Beat Ascena Retail Group Inc (ASNA) Short Interest Up 5.2% in April Biogen Inc (BIIB) Shares Gap Up Following Strong Earnings BOK Financial Co. (BOKF) Reaches New 1-Year High on Earnings Beat Traders Purchase High Volume of Put Options on Russell 2000 (RUT) CyrusOne Inc (CONE) Coverage Initiated at Mitsubishi UFJ Financial Group Digi International Inc. (DGII) Now Covered by Benchmark Co. Jefferies Group LLC Analysts Give E.On Se (EOAN) a €7.80 Price Target April 26th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Latisha Jones Filed Under: Analyst Articles - Europe - Finance Tweet Jefferies Group LLC set a €7.80 ($8.48) target price on E.On Se (FRA:EOAN) in a research note issued to investors on Monday morning. The brokerage currently has a neutral rating on the stock. Other equities research analysts have also issued research reports about the stock. Goldman Sachs Group Inc set a €7.90 ($8.59) target price on shares of E.On Se and gave the company a buy rating in a research note on Wednesday, January 11th. Barclays PLC set a €8.50 ($9.24) target price on shares of E.On Se and gave the company a buy rating in a research note on Wednesday, February 1st. JPMorgan Chase & Co. set a €7.75 ($8.42) target price on shares of E.On Se and gave the company a buy rating in a research note on Tuesday, January 31st. Societe Generale set a €8.10 ($8.80) target price on shares of E.On Se and gave the company a buy rating in a research note on Tuesday, January 17th. Finally, Oddo Securities set a €8.00 ($8.70) target price on shares of E.On Se and gave the company a buy rating in a research note on Friday, January 13th. Three equities research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, eleven have assigned a hold rating and ten have given a buy rating to the stock. The stock currently has an average rating of Hold and a consensus target price of €7.69 ($8.36). E.On Se (FRA:EOAN) opened at 7.163 on Monday. E.On Se has a 52-week low of €6.00 and a 52-week high of €8.56. The stock’s 50 day moving average is €7.21 and its 200-day moving average is €6.87. The company’s market capitalization is €13.99 billion. TRADEMARK VIOLATION WARNING: This article was originally published by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are viewing this article on another publication, it was illegally copied and reposted in violation of United States and international copyright & trademark laws. The original version of this article can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/26/jefferies-group-llc-analysts-give-e-on-se-eoan-a-7-80-price-target.html. Receive News & Ratings for E.On Se Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for E.On Se and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Judge Uses Comment by President Trump in Ruling Fight for Border Wall Approaches in Attempt to Avoid Shutdown President Trump Attempting To Repeal ACA Again Vice President Pence Says North Korea Should Not Test U.S. Resolve Trump’s Back and Forth on Economics © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Lancashire Holdings Limited - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Lancashire Holdings Limited with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News HSBC Holdings plc Analysts Give Volkswagen AG (VOW3) a €163.00 Price Target St. James's Place plc (STJ) Research Coverage Started at Credit Suisse Group AG JRP Group PLC (JRP) Research Coverage Started at Credit Suisse Group AG Lancashire Holdings Limited (LRE) Price Target Increased to GBX 725 by Analysts at Peel Hunt Celestica Inc (CLS) Price Target Increased to C$20.00 by Analysts at Royal Bank of Canada Barrick Gold Corp (ABX) Earns “Outperform” Rating from Royal Bank of Canada Barrick Gold Corp (ABX) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Scotiabank Scotiabank Raises Brookfield Canada Office Properties (BOX.UN) Price Target to C$32.50 Masco Corp (MAS) Shares Gap Up Following Earnings Beat Ascena Retail Group Inc (ASNA) Short Interest Up 5.2% in April Biogen Inc (BIIB) Shares Gap Up Following Strong Earnings BOK Financial Co. (BOKF) Reaches New 1-Year High on Earnings Beat Traders Purchase High Volume of Put Options on Russell 2000 (RUT) CyrusOne Inc (CONE) Coverage Initiated at Mitsubishi UFJ Financial Group Digi International Inc. (DGII) Now Covered by Benchmark Co. W. R. Grace & Co (GRA) Now Covered by Susquehanna Bancshares Inc Deutsche Telekom AG (DT) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by DZ Bank AG FBR & Co Comments on Radian Group Inc’s Q1 2017 Earnings (RDN) JPMorgan Chase & Co. Reiterates €73.50 Price Target for Schneider Electric SE (SU) Danone SA (BN) Given a €69.00 Price Target by S&P Global Analysts Lancashire Holdings Limited (LRE) Price Target Increased to GBX 725 by Analysts at Peel Hunt April 26th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Trevor Kearing Filed Under: Analyst Articles - UK - Finance Tweet Lancashire Holdings Limited (LON:LRE) had its price objective upped by investment analysts at Peel Hunt from GBX 710 ($9.08) to GBX 725 ($9.27) in a research report issued on Thursday. The brokerage presently has an “add” rating on the stock. Peel Hunt’s price objective suggests a potential upside of 5.22% from the stock’s current price. Other analysts have also issued research reports about the stock. Numis Securities Ltd lowered shares of Lancashire Holdings Limited to a “hold” rating and raised their target price for the company from GBX 720 ($9.20) to GBX 735 ($9.40) in a research report on Monday, January 9th. Barclays PLC raised their target price on shares of Lancashire Holdings Limited from GBX 650 ($8.31) to GBX 651 ($8.32) and gave the company an “underweight” rating in a research report on Monday, February 6th. Stockdale Securities restated a “neutral” rating and issued a GBX 670 ($8.57) target price on shares of Lancashire Holdings Limited in a research report on Tuesday, January 17th. Shore Capital restated a “buy” rating on shares of Lancashire Holdings Limited in a research report on Thursday, February 16th. Finally, JPMorgan Chase & Co. restated an “underweight” rating and issued a GBX 595 ($7.61) target price on shares of Lancashire Holdings Limited in a research report on Thursday, March 16th. Three analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, seven have assigned a hold rating and two have given a buy rating to the company’s stock. Lancashire Holdings Limited has an average rating of “Hold” and an average price target of GBX 661.55 ($8.46). Lancashire Holdings Limited (LON:LRE) opened at 689.00 on Thursday. The stock has a 50 day moving average price of GBX 686.78 and a 200 day moving average price of GBX 687.41. Lancashire Holdings Limited has a one year low of GBX 467.00 and a one year high of GBX 775.00. The firm’s market capitalization is GBX 1.37 billion. TRADEMARK VIOLATION NOTICE: This piece was originally reported by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are accessing this piece on another website, it was copied illegally and reposted in violation of US and international copyright and trademark legislation. The legal version of this piece can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/26/lancashire-holdings-limited-lre-price-target-increased-to-gbx-725-by-analysts-at-peel-hunt.html. In other news, insider Alex Maloney sold 59,539 shares of Lancashire Holdings Limited stock in a transaction on Wednesday, March 29th. The shares were sold at an average price of GBX 672 ($8.59), for a total transaction of £400,102.08 ($511,508.67). Also, insider Elaine Whelan sold 4,723 shares of Lancashire Holdings Limited stock in a transaction on Monday, February 27th. The stock was sold at an average price of GBX 690 ($8.82), for a total transaction of £32,588.70 ($41,662.87). Lancashire Holdings Limited Company Profile Lancashire Holdings Limited is a holding company. The Company’s principal activity, through its subsidiaries, is the provision of global specialty insurance and reinsurance products. The Company operates through five segments: Property, Energy, Marine, Aviation and Lloyd’s. It underwrites worldwide, insurance and reinsurance contracts that transfer insurance risk, including risks exposed to both natural and man-made catastrophes. Receive News & Ratings for Lancashire Holdings Limited Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Lancashire Holdings Limited and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Judge Uses Comment by President Trump in Ruling Fight for Border Wall Approaches in Attempt to Avoid Shutdown President Trump Attempting To Repeal ACA Again Vice President Pence Says North Korea Should Not Test U.S. Resolve Trump’s Back and Forth on Economics © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance JRP Group PLC - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for JRP Group PLC with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News HSBC Holdings plc Analysts Give Volkswagen AG (VOW3) a €163.00 Price Target St. James's Place plc (STJ) Research Coverage Started at Credit Suisse Group AG JRP Group PLC (JRP) Research Coverage Started at Credit Suisse Group AG Lancashire Holdings Limited (LRE) Price Target Increased to GBX 725 by Analysts at Peel Hunt Celestica Inc (CLS) Price Target Increased to C$20.00 by Analysts at Royal Bank of Canada Barrick Gold Corp (ABX) Earns “Outperform” Rating from Royal Bank of Canada Barrick Gold Corp (ABX) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Scotiabank Scotiabank Raises Brookfield Canada Office Properties (BOX.UN) Price Target to C$32.50 Masco Corp (MAS) Shares Gap Up Following Earnings Beat Ascena Retail Group Inc (ASNA) Short Interest Up 5.2% in April Biogen Inc (BIIB) Shares Gap Up Following Strong Earnings BOK Financial Co. (BOKF) Reaches New 1-Year High on Earnings Beat Traders Purchase High Volume of Put Options on Russell 2000 (RUT) CyrusOne Inc (CONE) Coverage Initiated at Mitsubishi UFJ Financial Group Digi International Inc. (DGII) Now Covered by Benchmark Co. W. R. Grace & Co (GRA) Now Covered by Susquehanna Bancshares Inc Deutsche Telekom AG (DT) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by DZ Bank AG FBR & Co Comments on Radian Group Inc’s Q1 2017 Earnings (RDN) JPMorgan Chase & Co. Reiterates €73.50 Price Target for Schneider Electric SE (SU) Danone SA (BN) Given a €69.00 Price Target by S&P Global Analysts JRP Group PLC (JRP) Research Coverage Started at Credit Suisse Group AG April 26th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Patrick Bannon Filed Under: Analyst Articles - UK - Finance Tweet Equities researchers at Credit Suisse Group AG started coverage on shares of JRP Group PLC (LON:JRP) in a research report issued on Thursday. The brokerage set a “neutral” rating and a GBX 135 ($1.73) price target on the financial services provider’s stock. Credit Suisse Group AG’s price objective would suggest a potential upside of 7.14% from the stock’s previous close. A number of other research analysts have also issued reports on the company. Numis Securities Ltd increased their target price on JRP Group PLC from GBX 200 ($2.56) to GBX 220 ($2.81) and gave the company a “buy” rating in a research report on Monday, March 27th. Barclays PLC reiterated an “overweight” rating and set a GBX 177 ($2.26) target price on shares of JRP Group PLC in a research report on Monday, March 13th. Shore Capital reiterated a “buy” rating on shares of JRP Group PLC in a research report on Friday, March 10th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. reiterated a “neutral” rating and set a GBX 160 ($2.05) target price on shares of JRP Group PLC in a research report on Tuesday, March 21st. Finally, Panmure Gordon reiterated a “buy” rating and set a GBX 207 ($2.65) target price on shares of JRP Group PLC in a research report on Friday, March 10th. Three investment analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and five have given a buy rating to the company. The company currently has an average rating of “Buy” and an average price target of GBX 173.63 ($2.22). Shares of JRP Group PLC (LON:JRP) opened at 126.00 on Thursday. The stock’s 50 day moving average is GBX 134.19 and its 200-day moving average is GBX 138.32. JRP Group PLC has a 52 week low of GBX 84.26 and a 52 week high of GBX 161.40. The stock’s market capitalization is GBX 921.81 million. The firm also recently announced a dividend, which will be paid on Friday, May 26th. Stockholders of record on Thursday, May 4th will be given a dividend of GBX 2.40 ($0.03) per share. This is a positive change from JRP Group PLC’s previous dividend of $1.10. The ex-dividend date is Thursday, May 4th. This represents a dividend yield of 1.6%. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION WARNING: “JRP Group PLC (JRP) Research Coverage Started at Credit Suisse Group AG” was first posted by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are accessing this story on another publication, it was illegally copied and reposted in violation of US and international trademark & copyright law. The legal version of this story can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/26/jrp-group-plc-jrp-research-coverage-started-at-credit-suisse-group-ag.html. In other news, insider Rodney Cook sold 199,022 shares of the stock in a transaction that occurred on Tuesday, March 14th. The stock was sold at an average price of GBX 146 ($1.87), for a total transaction of £290,572.12 ($371,480.59). Also, insider Simon Thomas sold 100,000 shares of the stock in a transaction that occurred on Friday, March 10th. The shares were sold at an average price of GBX 153 ($1.96), for a total value of £153,000 ($195,602.15). JRP Group PLC Company Profile JRP Group plc, formerly Just Retirement Group plc, is a financial services company. Its segments are insurance, other segments and corporate activities. The insurance segment writes insurance products for the retirement market, which include guaranteed income for life solutions and defined benefit de-risking solutions, care plans, and drawdown contracts, and invests the premiums received from these contracts in corporate bonds, lifetime mortgage advances, and other financial investments. Receive News & Ratings for JRP Group PLC Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for JRP Group PLC and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Judge Uses Comment by President Trump in Ruling Fight for Border Wall Approaches in Attempt to Avoid Shutdown President Trump Attempting To Repeal ACA Again Vice President Pence Says North Korea Should Not Test U.S. Resolve Trump’s Back and Forth on Economics © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance St. James's Place plc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for St. James's Place plc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News HSBC Holdings plc Analysts Give Volkswagen AG (VOW3) a €163.00 Price Target St. James's Place plc (STJ) Research Coverage Started at Credit Suisse Group AG JRP Group PLC (JRP) Research Coverage Started at Credit Suisse Group AG Lancashire Holdings Limited (LRE) Price Target Increased to GBX 725 by Analysts at Peel Hunt Celestica Inc (CLS) Price Target Increased to C$20.00 by Analysts at Royal Bank of Canada Barrick Gold Corp (ABX) Earns “Outperform” Rating from Royal Bank of Canada Barrick Gold Corp (ABX) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Scotiabank Scotiabank Raises Brookfield Canada Office Properties (BOX.UN) Price Target to C$32.50 Masco Corp (MAS) Shares Gap Up Following Earnings Beat Ascena Retail Group Inc (ASNA) Short Interest Up 5.2% in April Biogen Inc (BIIB) Shares Gap Up Following Strong Earnings BOK Financial Co. (BOKF) Reaches New 1-Year High on Earnings Beat Traders Purchase High Volume of Put Options on Russell 2000 (RUT) CyrusOne Inc (CONE) Coverage Initiated at Mitsubishi UFJ Financial Group Digi International Inc. (DGII) Now Covered by Benchmark Co. W. R. Grace & Co (GRA) Now Covered by Susquehanna Bancshares Inc Deutsche Telekom AG (DT) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by DZ Bank AG FBR & Co Comments on Radian Group Inc’s Q1 2017 Earnings (RDN) JPMorgan Chase & Co. Reiterates €73.50 Price Target for Schneider Electric SE (SU) Danone SA (BN) Given a €69.00 Price Target by S&P Global Analysts St. James's Place plc (STJ) Research Coverage Started at Credit Suisse Group AG April 26th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Latisha Jones Filed Under: Analyst Articles - UK - Finance Tweet Equities research analysts at Credit Suisse Group AG assumed coverage on shares of St. James's Place plc (LON:STJ) in a report issued on Thursday. The firm set an “outperform” rating and a GBX 1,240 ($15.85) price target on the stock. Credit Suisse Group AG’s target price indicates a potential upside of 9.64% from the stock’s previous close. Several other research firms have also recently issued reports on STJ. Numis Securities Ltd reiterated an “add” rating and set a GBX 1,200 ($15.34) price objective on shares of St. James's Place plc in a research report on Tuesday. JPMorgan Chase & Co. reiterated an “overweight” rating and set a GBX 1,192 ($15.24) price objective on shares of St. James's Place plc in a research report on Friday, February 10th. Berenberg Bank reiterated a “buy” rating and set a GBX 1,150 ($14.70) price objective on shares of St. James's Place plc in a research report on Tuesday. Shore Capital reiterated a “buy” rating on shares of St. James's Place plc in a research report on Tuesday. Finally, Peel Hunt reiterated an “add” rating and set a GBX 1,175 ($15.02) price objective on shares of St. James's Place plc in a research report on Tuesday. Five investment analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and eleven have assigned a buy rating to the company. St. James's Place plc presently has a consensus rating of “Buy” and an average price target of GBX 1,172.36 ($14.99). St. James's Place plc (LON:STJ) opened at 1131.00 on Thursday. St. James's Place plc has a one year low of GBX 521.00 and a one year high of GBX 1,133.00. The stock has a 50 day moving average of GBX 1,069.89 and a 200-day moving average of GBX 1,023.22. The company’s market cap is GBX 5.91 billion. The company also recently disclosed a dividend, which will be paid on Friday, May 12th. Shareholders of record on Thursday, April 6th will be given a dividend of GBX 20.67 ($0.26) per share. This is a boost from St. James's Place plc’s previous dividend of $12.33. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Thursday, April 6th. This represents a yield of 1.96%. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION NOTICE: This piece was posted by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are reading this piece on another website, it was stolen and republished in violation of United States & international copyright legislation. The legal version of this piece can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/26/st-jamess-place-plc-stj-research-coverage-started-at-credit-suisse-group-ag.html. In other St. James's Place plc news, insider Andrew Croft sold 6,471 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction on Monday, March 27th. The shares were sold at an average price of GBX 1,053 ($13.46), for a total transaction of £68,139.63 ($87,112.80). St. James's Place plc Company Profile St. James’s Place plc is a United Kingdom-based company, which provides wealth management advice, investment management and related services to businesses and individuals across the United Kingdom. The Company’s segments include Life business, Unit Trust business, Distribution business and Other. The Company’s Life business segment offers pensions, protection and investment products through its life assurance subsidiaries. Receive News & Ratings for St. James's Place plc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for St. James's Place plc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Judge Uses Comment by President Trump in Ruling Fight for Border Wall Approaches in Attempt to Avoid Shutdown President Trump Attempting To Repeal ACA Again Vice President Pence Says North Korea Should Not Test U.S. Resolve Trump’s Back and Forth on Economics © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Skip to main content South China Morning Post Edition: International Hong Kong International Jobs Events Education Courses Newsletters United States & Canada Register / Login Search " SIGN UP FOR eNEWSLETTER Main menu Home China HK Asia World Comment Business Tech Life Culture Sport Week in asia Post Mag Style .TV All South China Morning Post Main menu China HK Asia World Comment Business Tech Life Culture Sport Week in asia Post Mag Style .TV Search " Share PrintEmail Now Reading Deciphering Trump’s tax-cut plan: only 200 words and seven numbers, but huge in ambition  Hong Kong Politics Economy Health & Environment Law & Crime Education & Community China Policies & Politics Diplomacy & Defence Money & Wealth Economy Society Tech This Week in Asia News Asia World Business Companies Markets Property Investor Relations Global Economy China Economy Money & Wealth Special Reports Country Reports Tech China Tech Enterprises Social & Gadgets Start-ups Apps & Gaming Innovation Leaders & Founders Science & Research Lifestyle Fashion & Luxury Travel & Leisure Motoring Families Food & Drink Health & Beauty Watches Style Good Eating 100 Top Tables Sport Hong Kong China Golf Racing Rugby HK Sevens Soccer Tennis Boxing Motorsport Comment Insight & Opinion Harry's View Blogs Polls Letters Multimedia Infographics Photos Video Magazines Post Magazine Style Good Eating Destination Macau Popular Topics Hong Kong Sevens 2017 Chief executive election 2017 Macroscope The View Inside Out & Outside In The Insider Donald Trump Money Matters China: Around The Nation South China Sea: Hague case Cathay Pacific Jake's View A-shares Brexit Advertising Solutions SCMP Mobile Edition SCMP Tablet Edition SCMP ePaper Edition SCMP.com search Historical Archive HK Magazine Archive Directories Luxehomes At your service Business Services Directory MICE Biz Restaurant Directory CPJobs.com Education Post Events Young Post Follow us on Facebook Follow us on Twitter News›World›United States & Canada Donald Trump Donald Trump Deciphering Trump’s tax-cut plan: only 200 words and seven numbers, but huge in ambition PUBLISHED : Thursday, 27 April, 2017, 1:56pm UPDATED : Thursday, 27 April, 2017, 8:55pm Comments:   Associated Press Share PrintEmail Related topics Donald Trump Related Articles Economy Trump’s tax cut plan poses a new threat to China 27 Apr 2017 Insight & Opinion 100-day record of Donald Trump’s imagination falls far short 27 Apr 2017 United States & Canada Trump unveils plan to cut US corporate taxes to 15 per cent 27 Apr 2017 US President Donald Trump’s team boasted Wednesday of its tax-cut plan that they said would lighten Americans’ financial burdens, ignite economic growth and vastly simplify tax filing. Yet the proposal was short of vital details, including how it would be paid for - it was less than 200 words long and contained just seven numbers. And based on the few specifics spelled out so far, most experts suggest that it would add little to growth while swelling the budget deficit and potentially handing large windfalls to wealthier taxpayers. Trump’s plan would replace the current seven income-tax brackets with three, and the top bracket would drop from 39.6 per cent to 35 per cent. It would also slash the corporate rate from 35 per cent all the way to 15 per cent, a boon to most companies even though many don’t pay the full tax now. With tax credits and other loopholes, most corporations pay closer to 20 per cent, according to calculations by JPMorgan. Trump plans to cut US corporate taxes to 15 per cent Perhaps the most contentious plank would enable taxpayers with business income — including those wealthy enough to pay the top tax rate — to instead pay the new 15 per cent corporate rate. That’s because Trump would apply the corporate rate to “pass through” businesses. Pass-throughs include partnerships such as law firms and hedge funds as well as most small businesses — from the local florist to the family-owned restaurant on Main Street. What’s more, some privately held large companies — including Trump’s own real estate empire — are structured as pass-throughs and would benefit, too. “This is about economic growth, job creation, America first, and that’s what [Trump] cares about,” White House National Economic Council Director Gary Cohn said. “Our tax plan is a big leg of that stool. It’s a big leg. And in many respects, he thinks it’s the most important leg.” The plan now must navigate a legislative and political gantlet on Capitol Hill that has killed numerous other efforts to rework the tax code. “It’s a great plan,” Trump said at the White House on Wednesday. “It’s going to put people back to work.” The proposal also eliminates the estate tax - referred to by some opponents as the “death tax” - a levy on property including cash and real estate transferred from deceased individuals to their heirs. But with the tax plan limiting most deductions, it could expose more of an average American household’s income to taxes. It’s hard to say precisely who would benefit most because the administration has released so few details. The three new income tax rates would be 10 per cent, 25 per cent and 35 per cent. But Cohn, and Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin, weren’t ready to say at what income levels these new rates would kick in. Cohn said the plan would cut taxes “especially for low and middle income families.” Yet Trump’s campaign proposals were skewed to the wealthiest Americans, and it’s likely that his new proposal, once fleshed out, could be as well. The theory is clear - by making corporations more profitable, the Trump administration hopes to encourage more business spending on equipment, from computers to factories and machinery. Doing so, in turn, could make the economy more efficient and accelerate growth and hiring. Growth has been stuck at about 2 per cent a year since the recession ended in 2009. Mnuchin says the administration wants to accelerate it above 3 per cent, a pace it hasn’t touched since 2005. The obvious risk of the plan is that the government’s budget deficit could explode, offsetting many of the benefits for the economy The corporate tax cuts are also intended to encourage more businesses to stay in the United States, which now has the highest corporate rate among the advanced economies. Many large corporations are enthusiastic about lower rates and say they support the elimination of loopholes, which both reduce revenue and make taxes more complicated. “Simplifying the tax code as well as getting the rate to a point of being able to compete on a global scale is certainly something that we support,” an executive at Boeing said on a conference call about the company’s earnings earlier Wednesday. Aside from most large companies, many partnerships and small businesses would benefit from the corporate rate cut because they are structured as pass-throughs, an ungainly moniker that derives from the fact that they pass on their profits to their owners. Those owners now pay individual income tax rates, which top out at 39.6 per cent. With the pass-through rate dropped to 15 per cent, those taxpayers would receive an enormous tax cut. The Trump team stressed the benefits that might flow to small businesses. But the richest windfalls would flow to the wealthy — lawyers, hedge fund managers, consultants and other big earners. Nearly 75 per cent of pass-through income flows to the 10 per cent wealthiest taxpayers, according to the liberal Centre on Budget and Policy Priorities. The administration is also proposing to tax only corporate income earned in the United States. This is known as a “territorial” system. It would replace the current worldwide system, under which corporations pay tax on income earned in the US and overseas. Yet companies can avoid the tax if they keep their foreign earnings overseas. That’s led many businesses to keep hundreds of billions of dollars outside the United States. Mnuchin said Trump’s plan would encourage corporations to return the money to the US and invest it in plants and equipment. Yet some analysts argue that corporations might instead use the money to simply pay dividends to shareholders. The obvious risk of the plan is that the government’s budget deficit could explode, offsetting many of the benefits for the economy, economists say. The Committee for a Responsible Federal Budget’s rough estimate puts the loss of revenue at US$5.5 trillion. Mnuchin argued that the tax cuts would spur faster economic growth, which, in turn, would produce more tax revenue. And the elimination of tax deductions and other loopholes would raise revenue as well, he contended. But the Trump team offered no details on which deductions would be dropped — a move that would likely spark ferocious opposition from the beneficiaries of those deductions. And most economists don’t accept the notion that growth would accelerate enough to offset the lost revenue. Alan Cole, an economist at the right-leaning Tax Foundation, calculates that the corporate tax cuts alone would lower government revenue by US$2 trillion over 10 years. That would require growth to accelerate nearly a full percentage point, to 2.8 per cent a year, from its current level. Yet Cole forecasts that growth would increase only 0.4 of a percentage point annually. Additional reporting by the Washington Post and Agence France-Presse This article appeared in the South China Morning Post print edition as: Vague tax cuts unlikely to be shot in arm for economy   Most Popular Viewed 1 Is HK’s cruise terminal a HK$6.6 billion white elephant? 2 United to offer passengers US$10,000 to give up seats after scandal 3 Oops! Chinese defence ministry’s big Photoshop fail 4 Can Xi Jinping realise his ‘perfect’ city dream? 5 Does Mandarin work in local schools? Auditor wants proof Shared 1 Oops! Chinese defence ministry’s big Photoshop fail 2 United to offer passengers US$10,000 to give up seats after scandal 3 China launches first home-built aircraft carrier in display of naval might 4 Disqualified pro-independence lawmakers charged 5 Is HK’s cruise terminal a HK$6.6 billion white elephant? Commented 1 With or without Trump, China’s export machine is remaking itself 2 China’s ‘robot goddess’ Jiajia fluffs live interview in English 3 Prof Hawking’s question to China: could AI destroy us? 4 WeChat is quietly taking over workplaces across mainland China 5 i-Cable down 21 pc despite white knights ride to rescue Promotions SCMP invites you to watch The West Side Story Get your FREE LuxeHomes Property Outlook 2017 now!       You may also like China Oops! Chinese defence ministry’s big Photoshop fail 27 Apr 2017 - 6:50pm 91 Connected beauty gets a digital makeover In partnership with: HKT PREMIER Comment Someone is illegally growing marijuana at Vancouver City Hall 26 Apr 2017 - 9:19pm Path to cyber resilience: sense, resist, react 25 Apr 2017 - 6:25pm Soccer ‘Annihilate British dogs’ banner blights Evergrande win in Hong Kong 26 Apr 2017 - 12:58pm 50 Food & Drink Resell, reduce, recycle: gains made in war on Hong Kong food waste 26 Apr 2017 - 6:33pm 9 China Is Philippines offering Beijing olive branch over South China Sea? 25 Apr 2017 - 11:25pm 25 China How China’s aircraft carriers stack up against other nations 27 Apr 2017 - 6:01pm 58 Hong Kong Barbecue brawl: pair arrested for fighting over restaurant bill 25 Apr 2017 - 10:50pm 29 Companies Alibaba to get more US goods online via June trade fair in Detroit 25 Apr 2017 - 11:17pm Strangers in their own land: the Cambodians deported from US 25 Apr 2017 - 6:45am 6 China China’s ‘robot goddess’ Jiajia fluffs live interview in English 25 Apr 2017 - 5:57pm 20 South China Morning Post Stay connected Facebook Twitter Hong Kong Politics Economy Health & Environment Law & Crime Education & Community News China Hong Kong Asia World China Policies & Politics Diplomacy & Defence Money & Wealth Society Economy Tech Business Companies Markets Property Investor Relations Mutual Funds Economy China Economy Money & Wealth Country Reports Tech China Tech Enterprises Social & Gadgets Start-ups Apps & Gaming Innovation Leaders & Founders Science & Research E-Commerce Lifestyle Arts & Entertainment Health & Beauty Film & TV Food & Drink Families Music Fashion & Luxury Books Travel & Leisure Watches Sport Hong Kong China Golf Racing Rugby Soccer Tennis Boxing Comment Insight & Opinion Harry's View Blogs Polls Letters Multimedia Video Photos Infographics SCMP Chronicles Magazine Post Magazine Style Good Eating Destination Macau HK Magazine Archive Other Weather Most Popular 7 Days Index Country Reports Crossword Promotions Directories Luxehomes At your service Business Services Directory MICE Biz Restaurant Directory Information Buy SCMP Photos Copyright Licensing RSS Feeds SCMP.com search Historical Archive Print Subscription Advertising Opportunities Contact our Advertising Sales HK Rate card Overseas Rate Card China Rate Card The Marketer SCMP Marketing Solutions SCMP Outdoor Advertising Recruitment Advertising Events SCMP Events Operation Santa Claus Other Sites CPJobs.com Education Post Young Post Cosmopolitan CosmoGIRL! Elle Harpers Bazaar Racing Post SCMP Mobile Edition IOS Android Window SCMP TABLET Edition iOS HTML5 Android HTML5 SCMP ePaper Edition SCMP ePaper Edition SIGN UP for SCMP eNewsletter SCMP Publishers Privacy Policy FAQs Terms & Conditions Work For Us Contact Us Copyright © 2017 South China Morning Post Publishers Ltd. All rights reserved.
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Commerzbank Ag - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Commerzbank Ag with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News JPMorgan Chase & Co. Reiterates €73.50 Price Target for Schneider Electric SE (SU) Danone SA (BN) Given a €69.00 Price Target by S&P Global Analysts Commerzbank Ag (CBK) PT Set at €7.50 by Deutsche Bank AG Societe Generale SA (GLE) Given a €48.00 Price Target by Goldman Sachs Group Inc Analysts Bayerische Motoren Werke AG (BMW) PT Set at €82.00 by Goldman Sachs Group Inc Owens-Illinois Inc (OI) Shares Gap Up Following Earnings Beat Heidrick & Struggles International, Inc. (HSII) Trading Down 17.8% After Earnings Miss First Bancorp (FBP) Stock Price Up 5.6% Following Earnings Beat E I Du Pont De Nemours And Co (DD) Shares Gap Up Following Better-Than-Expected Earnings Scotiabank Reiterates “Sector Perform” Rating for PrairieSky Royalty Ltd (PSK) PrairieSky Royalty Ltd (PSK) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Royal Bank of Canada Jean Coutu Group PJC’s (PJC.A) Reduce Rating Reiterated at TD Securities Quebecor, Inc. (QBR.B) Receives “Focus Stock” Rating from Scotiabank Q1 2017 EPS Estimates for Sutherland Asset Management Corp Reduced by Analyst (SLD) Q1 2017 Earnings Forecast for Sucampo Pharmaceuticals, Inc. Issued By Leerink Swann (SCMP) Jefferies Group Analysts Boost Earnings Estimates for Scorpio Tankers Inc. (STNG) Kinross Gold Co. (KGC) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Credit Suisse Group AG Western Digital Corp (WDC) Receives “Buy” Rating from BMO Capital Markets Franklin Street Properties Corp. (FSP) Rating Increased to Buy at Zacks Investment Research Scotiabank Reaffirms Buy Rating for Tesoro Logistics LP (TLLP) Commerzbank Ag (CBK) PT Set at €7.50 by Deutsche Bank AG April 26th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Latisha Jones Filed Under: Analyst Articles - Europe - Finance Tweet Commerzbank Ag (ETR:CBK) has been assigned a €7.50 ($8.15) target price by research analysts at Deutsche Bank AG in a research note issued on Tuesday. The firm currently has a “neutral” rating on the financial services provider’s stock. Other research analysts have also issued research reports about the company. Goldman Sachs Group Inc set a €8.45 ($9.18) price target on Commerzbank Ag and gave the stock a “neutral” rating in a research report on Tuesday. equinet AG set a €7.50 ($8.15) price target on Commerzbank Ag and gave the stock a “neutral” rating in a research report on Monday, February 6th. Kepler Capital Markets set a €10.00 ($10.87) price target on Commerzbank Ag and gave the stock a “buy” rating in a research report on Wednesday, April 5th. HSBC Holdings plc set a €7.60 ($8.26) price target on Commerzbank Ag and gave the stock a “neutral” rating in a research report on Thursday, March 30th. Finally, JPMorgan Chase & Co. set a €7.10 ($7.72) price target on Commerzbank Ag and gave the stock a “neutral” rating in a research report on Friday, February 10th. Seven investment analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, twelve have assigned a hold rating and three have given a buy rating to the company. The company currently has an average rating of “Hold” and a consensus target price of €7.21 ($7.84). Shares of Commerzbank Ag (ETR:CBK) opened at 9.069 on Tuesday. The firm’s 50-day moving average price is €8.33 and its 200-day moving average price is €7.45. The company has a market cap of €11.36 billion and a PE ratio of 40.668. Commerzbank Ag has a 12 month low of €5.16 and a 12 month high of €9.15. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION NOTICE: “Commerzbank Ag (CBK) PT Set at €7.50 by Deutsche Bank AG” was first posted by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are reading this story on another domain, it was illegally stolen and reposted in violation of United States & international copyright & trademark legislation. The original version of this story can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/26/commerzbank-ag-cbk-pt-set-at-7-50-by-deutsche-bank-ag.html. About Commerzbank Ag Receive News & Ratings for Commerzbank Ag Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Commerzbank Ag and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Judge Uses Comment by President Trump in Ruling Fight for Border Wall Approaches in Attempt to Avoid Shutdown President Trump Attempting To Repeal ACA Again Vice President Pence Says North Korea Should Not Test U.S. Resolve Trump’s Back and Forth on Economics © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Never miss a great news story! Get instant notifications from Economic Times AllowNot now You can switch off notifications anytime using browser settings. SECTIONS ET APPS ET Android AppET iPhone AppET iPad AppET Wealth Android AppET Blackberry AppET Nokia AppET Markets Android AppET Markets iPhone AppET Money Android App ENGLISH हिन्दीગુજરાતી E-PAPER SIGN-IN FOLLOW US FACEBOOKTWITTERYOUTUBELINKEDINGOOGLE PLUSRSS Business LATEST NEWS Sajjan Jindal secretly meets Nawaz Sharif in Pakistan's Murree, violates visa: Pakistani media Delhi effect: Aam Aadmi Party heading for split in Punjab? 12 new expressways to be constructed to connect states: Nitin Gadkari Donald Trump stokes World War III fear, warns of 'major, major conflict' with North Korea ASEAN to express grave concern over North Korea's nuclear tests Government orders may come to the rescue of capital goods companies, again Won't be able to ratify BBIN motor vehicle pact: Bhutan Home MarketsNewsIndustrySmall BizPoliticsWealthMFTech JobsOpinionBlogsNRIMagazinesSlideshowsET NOWET SpeedET Portfolio News Company Corporate TrendsDeals Industry Economy AgricultureFinanceForeign TradeIndicatorsInfrastructurePolicy Politics and Nation Brandwire Banking/FinanceMedia/EntertainmentNGOs & CSRServicesTechnologyMisc. Defence Mobility & WeaponsEquipment & OrdnanceAnalysis & Geo-StrategyInternal SecurityIndustryPeopleInternationalPolicy & Govt International India Unlimited Swachh BharatMake in IndiaSmart Cities24X7 PowerModel VillagesFinancial InclusionTax ReformsDigital GovernanceVisit IndiaCSRET 2Good 4GoodCSR CompendiumCSR Practitioner SeriesNewsPolicyAnalysis & TrendsInitiatives More SportsScienceEnvironmentClean Air InitiativeGlobal WarmingThe Good EarthDevelopmental IssuesFlora & FaunaPollutionWild & WackyEarth SummitET TVLatest NewsMost ReadMost SharedMost Commented BusinessWorld News ET Home›News›International›Business 12:30 PM | 28 Aprmarket stats SENSEX 29,880-149.75 NIFTY 50 9,291-50.90 GOLD (MCX) (Rs/10g.) 28,81849.00 USD/INR 64.210.06 Portfolio Loading... Select Portfolio and Asset Combination for Display on Market Band Select Portfolio Select Asset Class Stocks MF ETF Show More CREATE PORTFOLIO ADD INVESTMENT Download ET MARKETS APP Get ET Markets in your own language DOWNLOAD THE APP NOW +91 CHOOSE LANGUAGE ENG ENG - English HIN - हिन्दी GUJ - ગુજરાતી MAR - मराठी BEN - বাংলা KAN - ಕನ್ನಡ ORI - ଓଡିଆ TEL - తెలుగు TAM - தமிழ் Drag according to your convenience ET NOW RADIO ET NOW TIMES NOW Why Donald Trump's tax cut may not deliver the boost White House says By AP | Updated: Apr 27, 2017, 10.34 AM IST Post a Comment Trump's plan would replace the current seven income tax brackets with three, and the top bracket would drop from 39.6 percent to 35 percent. WASHINGTON: President Donald Trump's team boasted Wednesday that its tax-cut plan would lighten Americans' financial burdens, ignite economic growth and vastly simplify tax filing. Yet the proposal so far remains short of vital details, including how it would be paid for. And based on the few specifics spelled out so far, most experts suggest that it would add little to growth while swelling the budget deficit and potentially handing large windfalls to wealthier taxpayers. Trump's plan would replace the current seven income tax brackets with three, and the top bracket would drop from 39.6 percent to 35 percent. It would also slash the corporate rate from 35 percent all the way to 15 percent, a boon to most companies even though many don't pay the full tax now. With tax credits and other loopholes, most corporations pay closer to 20 percent, according to calculations by JPMorgan. Perhaps the most contentious plank would enable taxpayers with business income including those wealthy enough to pay the top tax rate to instead pay the new 15 percent corporate rate. That's because Trump would apply the corporate rate to "pass through"businesses. Pass-throughs include partnerships such as law firms and hedge funds as well as most small businesses from the local florist to the family-owned restaurant on Main Street. What's more, some privately held large companies including Trump's own real estate empire are structured as pass-throughs and would benefit, too. Here's a closer look at Trump's proposal and its likely impact: Who benefits? It's hard to say because the administration has released so few details. The three new income tax rates would be 10 percent, 25 percent and 35 percent. But Trump's top economic adviser, Gary Cohn, and Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin, weren't ready Wednesday to say at what income levels these new rates would kick in. Tax experts said far more details were needed to determine how average Americans would be affected. "The impact on Joe Taxpayer is unknown," said Marc Gerson, vice chair of the tax department of law firm Miller & Chevalier in Washington. "There's not enough specificity. It's hard for taxpayers to determine where they'll come out." Cohn asserted that the plan would cut taxes "especially for low and middle-income families."It purports to do so in part by doubling the standard deduction, which is used by taxpayers who don't itemise their tax deductions. At the same time, the Trump plan would eliminate the estate tax and the alternative minimum tax, thereby benefiting some of the richest taxpayers. And that's on top of shrinking the corporate tax rate that many affluent individuals could likely capitalise on. Why cut corporate taxes? By making corporations more profitable, the Trump administration hopes to encourage more business spending on equipment from computers to factories and machinery. Doing so, in turn, could make the economy more efficient and accelerate growth and hiring. Economic growth has been stuck at about 2 percent a year since the recession ended in 2009. Mnuchin says the administration wants to accelerate it above 3 percent, a pace it hasn't touched since 2005. The corporate tax cuts are also intended to encourage more businesses to stay in the United States, which now has the highest corporate rate among advanced economies. Many large corporations are enthusiastic about lower rates and say they support the elimination of loopholes, which both reduce revenue and make taxes more complicated. Who'd benefit from the corporate rate cut? Aside from most large companies, many partnerships and small businesses would benefit because they're structured as pass-throughs, which derives from the fact that they pass on their profits to their owners. Those owners now pay individual income tax rates, which top out at 39.6 percent. With the pass-through rate dropped to 15 percent, those taxpayers could enjoy an enormous tax cut. The Trump team stressed the benefits that might flow to small businesses. But the richest windfalls would flow to the wealthy lawyers, hedge fund managers, consultants and other big earners. Nearly 75 percent of pass-through income flows to the 10 percent wealthiest taxpayers, according to the liberal Center on Budget and Policy Priorities. "It would tremendously help high earners," says Brian Thompson, a certified public accountant in Chicago. In Kansas, Gov. Sam Brownback eliminated state taxes on pass-throughs, which turned out to be a boon for Bill Self, the coach of the University of Kansas' men's basketball team. He had previously set up his own company, according to state media reports. As a result, he paid little state income tax despite earning nearly $3 million a year. Many people, particularly wealthy Americans, could set up companies and reclassify their paychecks as "business income" and have it taxed at 15 percent, experts say. In Kansas, the number of pass-through businesses jumped to more than double the level the state expected, according to the nonpartisan Tax Policy Center. That cost the state revenue without spurring more job creation. Mnuchin said the Treasury would issue rules to prevent wealthy people from capitalising on the lower rate. But many experts are sceptical. "Good luck with that," said Mark Mazur, director of the nonpartisan Tax Policy Center and a former Treasury official under President Barack Obama. "The tax agencies tend to be at least a couple of steps behind the businesses." How else would big businesses benefit? The administration is also proposing to tax only corporate income earned in the United States. This is known as a "territorial" system. It would replace the current worldwide system, under which corporations pay tax on income earned in the U.S. and overseas. Yet companies can avoid the tax if they keep their foreign earnings overseas. Many businesses have kept hundreds of billions of dollars outside the United States. Mnuchin said Trump's plan would encourage corporations to return the money to the United States and invest it in plants and equipment. Some analysts counter that corporations might instead use the money to pay dividends to shareholders. What about the deficit and growth? The government's budget deficit could explode under the plan, offsetting many of the benefits for the economy, economists say. The Committee for a Responsible Federal Budget's rough estimate puts the loss of revenue at $5.5 trillion over 10 years. Mnuchin argued that the tax cuts would spur faster growth, which, in turn, would produce more tax revenue. And the elimination of tax deductions and other loopholes would raise revenue as well, he contended. But the Trump team offered few details on which deductions would be dropped a move that would likely spark ferocious opposition from the beneficiaries of those deductions. And most economists don't accept the notion that growth would accelerate enough to offset the lost revenue. Alan Cole, an economist at the right-leaning Tax Foundation, calculates that the corporate tax cuts alone would reduce government revenue by $2 trillion over 10 years. That would require growth to accelerate nearly a full percentage point, to 2.8 percent a year, from its current level. Yet Cole forecasts that growth would increase only 0.4 percent annually. Other economists say that if the cuts balloon the deficit, the resulting jump in government borrowing would swell interest rates and make it harder for businesses and households to borrow and spend. Ethan Harris, chief global economist at Bank of America Merrill Lynch, says such a "crowding out" effect can cancel out any benefits to the economy. So will the economy benefit at all? Most economists forecast that a modest tax-cut package smaller than Trump's is far more likely to become law. With the deficit rising by less, a smaller cut could raise growth to 2.5 per cent a year, from its roughly 2 per cent pace now, Harris said. If Trump's proposals became law, depending on the details, growth could accelerate more quickly, Harris added. But the Federal Reserve would likely counter such acceleration with more short-term rate hikes, to forestall rapid inflation. And that move, in turn, would likely slow the economy. Comments(0)Add Comments Why Donald Trump's tax cut may not deliver the boost White House says To post this comment you must Log In/Connect with:Indiatimes Network or Fill in your details: Will be displayed Will not be displayed Will be displayed Share this Comment:Post to Twitter READ MORE ONWhite house expectationsunited statesTrump;s proposed tax lawcorporate tax Stay on top of business news with The Economic Times App.DOWNLOAD NOW FROM AROUND THE WEB Unsold Inventory Means Discounts On New Cars VoteItUp 49 Photos Of Stars From Vintage Hollywood Flicks Colorized Frank151 Review: The Upgraded Underwear Guys Are Obsessed With The Style Guide | Mack WeldonMORE FROM ECONOMIC TIMES Actress Kalpana given state funeral, celebrities pay homage I value money because I have seen tough times—Ajinkya Rahane Ask why Lalu cannot contest elections: PM Modi From Around the WebMore from The Economic Times Have You Seen These Top Crossover SUVs? Crossover SUV - Sponsored Ads Beyonce And Jay Z's Home Is Beyond Stunning Lonny This game will keep you up all night! Vikings: Free Online Game Ruggedized Windows 10 Laptops Feature All Day Batteries Microsoft What went wrong and why Cyrus Mistry was shown the door 6 interesting things about the new UP CM, Yogi Adityanath Seven Indian-origin people who made it big on a global scale Tata just unveiled its first sports coupe - TaMo RaceMo Have something to say? Post your comment To post this comment you must Log In/Connect with:Indiatimes Network Fill in your details: Will be displayed Will not be displayed Will be displayed Share this Comment:Post to Twitter Most Read Most Shared Most Commented Donald Trump stokes World War III fear, warns of 'major, major conflict' with North Korea India on track to knock Britain out of world's top 5 economies India to supply only food, medicine to North Korea Robert Vadra made gains of Rs 50 crore from a land deal in Haryana in 2008: Dhingra Panel In just a month of Yogi Adityanath's reign, perennially power-starved UP becomes 'zero-shortage' state More » Get a Quote Browse CompaniesABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZ|123456789 Browse Mutual FundsABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZ The Economic Times Live Market News Portfolio Mobile Live TV Newsletter Commodities Speed QnA Blogs Alerts RSS Other Times Group news sitesTimes of India|इकनॉमिक टाइम्स ઈકોનોમિક ટાઈમ્સ|Mumbai Mirror Times Now|Indiatimes नवभारत टाइम्स|महाराष्ट्र टाइम्स ವಿಜಯ ಕರ್ನಾಟಕ|Lifehacker Gizmodo|Eisamay|IGN India NavGujarat Samay Living and entertainmentTimescity|iDiva|Zoom| Luxpresso|Gaana|Happytrips| Cricbuzz|Get Smartapp Networkingitimes|MensXP.com Hot on the WebMCD Election Result|RERA Bahubali 2|BSE Sensex RCB vs GL|Gold rate today Sensex Servicesads2book|Gadgetsnow|Free Business Listings Simplymarry|Astrospeak|Timesjobs|Magicbricks|Zigwheels|Timesdeal| dineout|Filmipop|Remit2india|Gaana|Greetzap|Techradar|Alivear| Google Play | Manage Notifications About us/Advertise with us/Terms of Use & Grievance Redressal/Privacy Policy/Feedback/Sitemap/Code of Ethics//Disclaimer Copyright © 2017 Bennett, Coleman & Co. Ltd. All rights reserved. BACK TO TOP Digg Google Bookmarks StumbleUpon Reddit Newsvine Live Bookmarks Technorati Yahoo Bookmarks Blogmarks Del.icio.us ApnaCircle Google Plus Pinterest Mail This Article My Saved ArticlesSign inSign up Find this comment offensive? Choose your reason below and click on the Report button. This will alert our moderators to take actionName Reason for reporting:Foul languageSlanderousInciting hatred against a certain communityOthers Your Reason has been Reported to the admin.
