WSJ WSJ LIVE WSJ Live on Facebook WSJ Live on Twitter MARKETWATCH MarketWatch on Facebook MarketWatch on Twitter BARRON'S <h4>Barrons on Facebook</h4><div style="border: none; padding: 2px 3px;" class="fb-like" data-href="http://www.facebook.com/barronsonline" data-send="false" data-layout="button_count" data-width="250" data-show-faces="false" data-action="recommend"></div> <h4>Barrons on Twitter</h4><a href="https://twitter.com/barronsonline" class="twitter-follow-button" data-show-count="true">Follow @barronsonline</a> DJX Product X on Facebook Product X on Twitter RT F R&C PE&VC WSJ B MORE Mansion Global WSJ Secure BigCharts Financial News Professor Journal Realtor.com Student Journal Virtual Stock Exchange WSJ Classifieds WSJ Classrooms WSJ Wine Search Asia Edition U.S. Edition   Subscribe Log In Home Magazine This Week's Edition Past Editions New: Cartoons Daily All Coverage Barron's Take Weekday Trader Up & Down Wall St. Daily Getting Technical Striking Price Daily Wall Street's Best Minds Read This, Spike That Stocks to Watch Today Asia Stocks to Watch Income Investing Tech Trader Daily Focus on Funds Emerging Markets Q&A Video Center Investing Ideas Overview Barron's Picks & Pans Mutual Funds / ETFs Hedge Funds Stocks Center Commodities Center Bonds Center Options Center Barron's Take Weekday Trader Stock Alert Inside Scoop Ahead of the Crowd Focus on Funds Stocks to Watch Today Barron's Roundtable Advisor Center Overview Top 100 Advisors Top 100 Women Advisors Top 100 Independent Advisors Top 1,200 Advisors Advisor Profiles Market Data Market Data Center Market Lab Economic Calendar Watchlist Stock Grader Stock & Fund Tables Barron's 400 PENTA Penta Magazine Penta Daily Penta Archives Barron's NEXT Investing Ideas Go Long China, Short US: 5 Smart Stock Trades Concerns that U.S. stocks are overvalued may mean it’s time to buy their cheaper Chinese rivals. By Daniel Shane Biography March 6, 2017 10:03 p.m. ET Investors that still hope to catch the rally in U.S. stocks best bring along skis and snow boots. That’s the advice of the investing world’s so-called ‘Dr. Doom,’ Marc Faber, who recommends ditching overvalued U.S. shares and putting cash... Get The Full Story Subscribe   or   Log In Want to participate in the discussion? Already a subscriber? Log in for complete access. Powered by Livefyre Most Popular 1. Apple’s About to Get A Second Bite at the iPhone Subscriber Content Read Preview 2. JetBlue and Other Airlines Hurt after Delta Warning Subscriber Content Read Preview 3. Stocks are Overvalued Subscriber Content Read Preview 4. Snap’s Stock Price Could Be Cut in Half Subscriber Content Read Preview 5. Is India Lying About Its World Beating Economy? Subscriber Content Read Preview See Full List Latest Market Videos 1 Barron's Bounce: Snap, Range Resources, Xerox 2 Must-Know Credit Card Benefits 3 Four Tips for Tax Season Barron's Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn YouTube RSS Feed AppStore Google Play Return to Top« Customer Service Customer Center Contact Us Live Help Refer Your Friends to Barron's and Get Rewarded. Learn More Create an Account Subscribe to Barron's Magazine Subscribers: Activate Your Digital Access About Barrons.com Advertising Masthead Privacy Policy Updated Cookie Policy Data Policy Copyright Policy Subscriber Agreement & Terms of Use Your Ad Choices Community Guidelines Also From Barron's Conferences Reprints Classifieds College Program Find a Broker Barron's in Japanese Tools & Services Mobile Site Email Newsletters Barron's on iPad/iPhone Barron's on Android Watchlist Video Annual Reports StockGrader Barron's 400 Economic Calendar Stock & Mutual Fund Listings Commodities, Options & Annuities Listings Fund Prospectuses ACAP Enabled Copyright ©2017 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
WSJ WSJ LIVE WSJ Live on Facebook WSJ Live on Twitter MARKETWATCH MarketWatch on Facebook MarketWatch on Twitter BARRON'S <h4>Barrons on Facebook</h4><div style="border: none; padding: 2px 3px;" class="fb-like" data-href="http://www.facebook.com/barronsonline" data-send="false" data-layout="button_count" data-width="250" data-show-faces="false" data-action="recommend"></div> <h4>Barrons on Twitter</h4><a href="https://twitter.com/barronsonline" class="twitter-follow-button" data-show-count="true">Follow @barronsonline</a> DJX Product X on Facebook Product X on Twitter RT F R&C PE&VC WSJ B MORE Mansion Global WSJ Secure BigCharts Financial News Professor Journal Realtor.com Student Journal Virtual Stock Exchange WSJ Classifieds WSJ Classrooms WSJ Wine Search Asia Edition U.S. Edition   Subscribe Log In Home Magazine This Week's Edition Past Editions New: Cartoons Daily All Coverage Barron's Take Weekday Trader Up & Down Wall St. Daily Getting Technical Striking Price Daily Wall Street's Best Minds Read This, Spike That Stocks to Watch Today Asia Stocks to Watch Income Investing Tech Trader Daily Focus on Funds Emerging Markets Q&A Video Center Investing Ideas Overview Barron's Picks & Pans Mutual Funds / ETFs Hedge Funds Stocks Center Commodities Center Bonds Center Options Center Barron's Take Weekday Trader Stock Alert Inside Scoop Ahead of the Crowd Focus on Funds Stocks to Watch Today Barron's Roundtable Advisor Center Overview Top 100 Advisors Top 100 Women Advisors Top 100 Independent Advisors Top 1,200 Advisors Advisor Profiles Market Data Market Data Center Market Lab Economic Calendar Watchlist Stock Grader Stock & Fund Tables Barron's 400 PENTA Penta Magazine Penta Daily Penta Archives Barron's NEXT Investors' Soapbox AM Can American Express Top JPMorgan’s Cards? JPMorgan may maintain an elevated marketing expense and American Express’ response likely compresses EPS growth. March 6, 2017 12:10 p.m. ET Guggenheim Securities We believe the key point from American Express’ Investor Day next week will be the extent to which its accelerating revenue growth can drive stronger earnings-per-share growth in the current highly competitive card market. However, at its Investor Day earlier this week, JPMorgan Chase (ticker: JPM) signaled its intent to maintain elevated marketing expense; American Express’ (AXP) response likely... Get The Full Story Subscribe   or   Log In Want to participate in the discussion? Already a subscriber? Log in for complete access. Powered by Livefyre Most Popular 1. Apple’s About to Get A Second Bite at the iPhone Subscriber Content Read Preview 2. JetBlue and Other Airlines Hurt after Delta Warning Subscriber Content Read Preview 3. Stocks are Overvalued Subscriber Content Read Preview 4. Snap’s Stock Price Could Be Cut in Half Subscriber Content Read Preview 5. Is India Lying About Its World Beating Economy? Subscriber Content Read Preview See Full List Latest Market Videos 1 Barron's Bounce: Snap, Range Resources, Xerox 2 Must-Know Credit Card Benefits 3 Four Tips for Tax Season Barron's Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn YouTube RSS Feed AppStore Google Play Return to Top« Customer Service Customer Center Contact Us Live Help Refer Your Friends to Barron's and Get Rewarded. Learn More Create an Account Subscribe to Barron's Magazine Subscribers: Activate Your Digital Access About Barrons.com Advertising Masthead Privacy Policy Updated Cookie Policy Data Policy Copyright Policy Subscriber Agreement & Terms of Use Your Ad Choices Community Guidelines Also From Barron's Conferences Reprints Classifieds College Program Find a Broker Barron's in Japanese Tools & Services Mobile Site Email Newsletters Barron's on iPad/iPhone Barron's on Android Watchlist Video Annual Reports StockGrader Barron's 400 Economic Calendar Stock & Mutual Fund Listings Commodities, Options & Annuities Listings Fund Prospectuses ACAP Enabled Copyright ©2017 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
Alts Equities Smart-Beta New ETFs ETF Ecosystem Webcasts ETF Newsletter Video Podcasts ETF Strategist Channel 2017 Outlook Channel Search You Are Here: Home → 2017 → March → Financial Advisors Look to Smart Beta ETFs to Manage Volatility Financial Advisors Look to Smart Beta ETFs to Manage Volatility March 6, 2017 at 5:27 pm by Max Chen As investors and financial advisors consider the potential risks in the markets ahead, many are looking toward multi-factor smart beta exchange traded fund strategies that aim to limit downside drawdowns and still capture upside potential. ETF Trends publisher Tom Lydon spoke with Julian DelSignore, Executive Director and Head of ETF Distribution at JP Morgan, at the Inside ETFs conference that ran Jan. 22-25, 2017 to talk about what financial advisors are looking for in the markets today. “We were consistently hearing what [advisors] were looking for were products and investments solutions that help manage volatility and increase diversification among their portfolios,” DelSignore said. Consequently, J.P. Morgan has approached the multi-factor ETF space to meet the increased demand for this targeted volatility strategy among financial advisors. DelSignore pointed out that J.P. Morgan’s multi-factor ETFs help solve for that “volatility problem, help keep their clients invested, despite volatility that we certainly did experience and will continue to experience, moving into 2017.” J.P. Morgan offers a suite of Diversified Return Equity ETFs, including the JPMorgan Diversified Return Emerging Markets Equity ETF (NYSEArca: JPEM), JPMorgan Diversified Return Global Equity ETF (NYSEArca: JPGE), JPMorgan Diversified Return US Equity ETF (NYSEArca: JPUS), JPMorgan Diversified Return Europe Equity ETF (NYSEArca: JPEU), JPMorgan Diversified Return Europe Currency Hedged Equity ETF (NYSEArca: JPEH), JPMorgan Diversified Return International Equity ETF (NYSEArca: JPIN) and JPMorgan Diversified Return International Currency Hedged Equity (NYSEArca: JPIH). DelSignore also explained that these multi-factor ETFs provide advisors and investors direct access to hedge fund exposure inside an ETF vehicle. The underlying indices diversify risks that are less likely to be rewarded while overweighting areas that are more likely to be rewarded. The underlying customized FTSE Russell index selects components based on a diversified set of factor characteristics, such as relative valuation, price momentum and quality. The enhanced indexing process would allow the ETFs to exclude expensive, low quality companies with poor momentum, which could help the ETFs diminish drawdowns without sacrificing too much from any potential upside of a market recovery. The multi-factor process has “served to be a really nice volatility dampener for advisors as they’re trying to keep clients invested,” DelSignore said. “We take it that one step further and advisors talking to us about diversification needs; we’ve actually been able to really leverage the research at J.P. Morgan and take, essentially, our hedge fund strategy into an ETF structure.” You might also like: A Closer Look at the Dividend Growth ETF Strategy The Power of Active Bond ETFs in 2017 Fed No Longer in Driver Seat for Economic Growth Under Trump Administration A Smart Beta Bond ETF Strategy in a Rising Rate Environment Post Comment Cancel reply You must be logged in to post a comment. Latest News Political Risks Grip U.S. Stock ETFs March 6, 2017 Equities Financial Advisors Look to Smart Beta ETFs to Manage Volatility March 6, 2017 Video A Way for Bond ETF Investors to Eliminate Rate Risk March 6, 2017 Fixed-Income An ETF Strategy to Survive the Trump Era of Uncertainty March 6, 2017 Smart-Beta The First Green Bond ETF for Sustainable Investment Projects March 6, 2017 New ETFs A Volatility-Reducing ETF Strategy Tapping Resurgent Developing World Stocks March 6, 2017 Smart-Beta Big Biotech Reaches Important Technical Juncture March 6, 2017 Equities Demand for Gold ETFs Increases Thanks to China, India March 6, 2017 Alts Political Risks Grip U.S. Stock ETFs March 6, 2017 Equities Financial Advisors Look to Smart Beta ETFs to Manage Volatility March 6, 2017 Video A Way for Bond ETF Investors to Eliminate Rate Risk March 6, 2017 Fixed-Income An ETF Strategy to Survive the Trump Era of Uncertainty March 6, 2017 Smart-Beta The First Green Bond ETF for Sustainable Investment Projects March 6, 2017 New ETFs ETF STRATEGIST CHANNEL Municipal Bond ETFs – Maybe the Next ETF Monopoly By TOPS ETF Portfolios A Differentiated ETF Approach to Managing Global Equities By AccuVest Markets Continue Favorable Reaction to Trump Regime By Nottingham Advisors US Banks: We See a Secular Turn, Not Cyclical (Trump) Bounce By Doug Sandler, Riverfront Investment Group About Us Thanks for visiting ETFtrends.com. Our team of writers, editors, and financial experts work hard to bring you the latest news, trends and insights from the world of exchange traded funds. The following links will give you some further information about us and our team. Read more BE SURE TO VISIT Articles Index Category Highlights ETF Education Central ETF Resume Feature Articles Video Podcasts Glossary COPYRIGHT © 2005-2017 GLOBAL TRENDS INVESTMENTS. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. DISCLAIMERS &nbsp;
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance JPMorgan Chase & Co. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for JPMorgan Chase & Co. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News BioCryst Pharmaceuticals (BCRX) – Analysts’ Recent Ratings Updates Paddy Power Betfair Plc’s (PPB) Buy Rating Reiterated at Peel Hunt Mitie Group PLC (MTO) Downgraded to Underperform at Jefferies Group LLC Liquor Stores N.A. Ltd (LIQ) Price Target Cut to C$11.00 Noranda Income Fund (NIF.UN) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by TD Securities Q1 2017 Earnings Forecast for Intra-Cellular Therapies Inc Issued By Leerink Swann (ITCI) Hill International, Inc. (HIL) to Release Earnings on Wednesday GSV Capital Corp (GSVC) to Release Quarterly Earnings on Wednesday Granite Construction Inc. (GVA) Given Consensus Rating of “Buy” by Brokerages Zpg Plc’s (ZPG) Outperform Rating Reaffirmed at Credit Suisse Group AG URU Metals Ltd (URU) Given Corporate Rating at Northland Securities Hanover Insurance Group Inc (THG) To Go Ex-Dividend on March 8th Taylor Wimpey plc (TW) Price Target Raised to GBX 249 at Deutsche Bank AG Tui AG’s (TUI) “Underperform” Rating Reiterated at Credit Suisse Group AG FutureFuel Corp. (FF) Scheduled to Post Quarterly Earnings on Wednesday BBA Aviation plc (BBA) Earns Overweight Rating from JPMorgan Chase & Co. Orange SA (ORAN) Cut to Sell at Zacks Investment Research Dignity Plc (DTY) Scheduled to Post Quarterly Earnings on Wednesday PTC Therapeutics, Inc. (PTCT) to Post Q1 2017 Earnings of ($0.96) Per Share, Jefferies Group Forecasts Aldermore Group PLC’s (ALD) “Buy” Rating Reiterated at Shore Capital JPMorgan Chase & Co. (JPM) Price Target Raised to $83.00 March 6th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Latisha Jones Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Finance Tweet JPMorgan Chase & Co. (NYSE:JPM) had its target price upped by Instinet from $82.00 to $83.00 in a research note issued to investors on Wednesday morning. The brokerage currently has a hold rating on the financial services provider’s stock. A number of other equities analysts have also recently commented on JPM. Sandler O’Neill reissued a hold rating on shares of JPMorgan Chase & Co. in a report on Wednesday, January 11th. Nomura reissued a neutral rating and set a $80.00 price target on shares of JPMorgan Chase & Co. in a report on Tuesday, January 17th. Goldman Sachs Group Inc set a $89.00 price target on JPMorgan Chase & Co. and gave the stock a hold rating in a report on Wednesday, January 11th. BMO Capital Markets reissued a hold rating and set a $77.00 price target on shares of JPMorgan Chase & Co. in a report on Wednesday, January 11th. Finally, CLSA reissued a buy rating and set a $79.00 price target on shares of JPMorgan Chase & Co. in a report on Wednesday, January 11th. Two analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, thirteen have assigned a hold rating and seventeen have given a buy rating to the stock. JPMorgan Chase & Co. currently has a consensus rating of Hold and an average target price of $78.12. JPMorgan Chase & Co. (NYSE:JPM) traded down 1.25% during trading on Wednesday, reaching $91.64. The company’s stock had a trading volume of 6,557,565 shares. JPMorgan Chase & Co. has a 52-week low of $57.05 and a 52-week high of $93.98. The firm has a 50 day moving average price of $87.72 and a 200-day moving average price of $77.35. The stock has a market cap of $326.30 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 14.80 and a beta of 1.49. JPMorgan Chase & Co. (NYSE:JPM) last posted its quarterly earnings results on Friday, January 13th. The financial services provider reported $1.71 EPS for the quarter, topping analysts’ consensus estimates of $1.42 by $0.29. JPMorgan Chase & Co. had a return on equity of 10.91% and a net margin of 23.45%. The company earned $24.30 billion during the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $23.48 billion. During the same quarter in the previous year, the firm earned $1.68 EPS. JPMorgan Chase & Co.’s revenue was up 2.1% on a year-over-year basis. On average, analysts expect that JPMorgan Chase & Co. will post $6.55 earnings per share for the current year. This piece was reported by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are accessing this piece on another publication, it was stolen and reposted in violation of international trademark and copyright legislation. The correct version of this piece can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/03/06/jpmorgan-chase-co-jpm-price-target-raised-to-83-00.html. In other JPMorgan Chase & Co. news, CEO Douglas B. Petno sold 21,532 shares of the stock in a transaction on Wednesday, January 18th. The stock was sold at an average price of $83.67, for a total transaction of $1,801,582.44. Following the completion of the transaction, the chief executive officer now directly owns 86,338 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $7,223,900.46. The sale was disclosed in a filing with the SEC, which is available through the SEC website. Also, CEO Douglas B. Petno sold 6,728 shares of the stock in a transaction on Tuesday, January 17th. The shares were sold at an average price of $84.16, for a total value of $566,228.48. Following the transaction, the chief executive officer now directly owns 115,938 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $9,757,342.08. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Over the last three months, insiders have sold 202,699 shares of company stock valued at $17,009,515. 0.85% of the stock is owned by corporate insiders. A number of institutional investors have recently made changes to their positions in JPM. Exchange Capital Management Inc. raised its position in shares of JPMorgan Chase & Co. by 0.3% in the second quarter. Exchange Capital Management Inc. now owns 114,947 shares of the financial services provider’s stock valued at $7,143,000 after buying an additional 399 shares during the period. Bowling Portfolio Management LLC raised its position in shares of JPMorgan Chase & Co. by 1.0% in the second quarter. Bowling Portfolio Management LLC now owns 110,386 shares of the financial services provider’s stock valued at $6,859,000 after buying an additional 1,067 shares during the period. Accredited Investors Inc. raised its position in shares of JPMorgan Chase & Co. by 5.5% in the second quarter. Accredited Investors Inc. now owns 12,976 shares of the financial services provider’s stock valued at $766,000 after buying an additional 671 shares during the period. Beacon Investment Advisory Services Inc. raised its position in shares of JPMorgan Chase & Co. by 4.1% in the second quarter. Beacon Investment Advisory Services Inc. now owns 7,095 shares of the financial services provider’s stock valued at $441,000 after buying an additional 280 shares during the period. Finally, Flippin Bruce & Porter Inc. raised its position in shares of JPMorgan Chase & Co. by 3.4% in the second quarter. Flippin Bruce & Porter Inc. now owns 203,195 shares of the financial services provider’s stock valued at $12,627,000 after buying an additional 6,614 shares during the period. 73.65% of the stock is owned by institutional investors and hedge funds. JPMorgan Chase & Co. Company Profile JPMorgan Chase & Co is a financial holding company. The Company is engaged in investment banking, financial services. It operates in four segments, as well as a Corporate segment. Its segments are Consumer & Community Banking, Corporate & Investment Bank, Commercial Banking and Asset Management. The Consumer & Community Banking segment serves consumers and businesses through personal service at bank branches and through automatic teller machines, online, mobile and telephone banking. Receive News & Ratings for JPMorgan Chase & Co. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for JPMorgan Chase & Co. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News New Travel Ban by President Trump Could be Announced Monday Hackers Accessed Private Email of Mike Pence While He Was Governor President Trump’s First Address Optimistic Trump Asking for Steep Increases in Spending for Military President Trump Wants the Largest Nuclear Arsenal © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Mar 072017 E- Edition Newspaper Mar 07, 2017 Last Updated at 12:35 AST Home Subscribe E-Newsletter About Us Contact Us   Oman | Viral | Global | Motoring | Food | Celebrity | Sport INSPIRING STORY: You're never too old to learn something new Malaysia and North Korea send envoys packing Trump again revises six-nation travel ban Business Brief: Tax card made compulsory for companies in Oman Oman weather: Rain and summer heat Oman Omanisation | Tourism | Education | Environment | Health | Government | Transport | Science | Heritage Oman is Gulf's most welcoming country Food unfit for human consumption seized in Oman Fishing crew rescued in Oman Cigarettes and alcohol to cost more at airports in Oman ‘Festival of India’ to end with event showcasing country’s food traditions   #OmanPride: Barakat Al Harthi wishes Olympic medal win for Oman #OmanPride: Faiza Al Mazroui, culinary go-getter of Oman #OmanPride: Ali Al Sharji, from poems to concept art #OmanPride: British resident captures stunning time-lapse of a cloud waterfall in Oman #OmanPride: Rediscovering the Sultanate through camel road trips World GCC | Middle East | India | Pakistan | Americas | Europe | Asia | Africa Asian countries restrict U.S. poultry imports over bird flu US starts deploying THAAD in South Korea Two-thirds Indians 'have to pay bribe, highest in Asia-Pacific' Malaysian police 'foiled attack' on Arab royalty ahead of Saudi King visit Trump's revised travel ban targets citizens of six Muslim-majority nations Business Personal Finance | Aviation | Energy | Markets | Property | Retail | Banking | Economy | Technology China invested over $50b in Silk Road project: Official Hard Brexit would trigger 'leaching' of banks from UK EBRD to return to Uzbekistan after decade-long absence EU business group slams Beijing's 'Made in China' plan India announces new hydrocarbon exploration licencing policy Sports Oman | Football | Cricket | Tennis | Motorsport | Olympics | Hockey | Athletics | Golf | Sailing | More sports Football: Wenger focuses on 'bigger picture' for Arsenal future Cricket: South Africa take a gamble on Morkel for Dunedin Test Cricket: Big bats dismissed, player send-offs introduced in new laws Preview: Reus-less Dortmund still brimming with confidence for Benfica Oman Football: Suwaiq go down to Syria’s Al Jaish in AFC Cup Opinion China cuts growth target Rewriting the monetary-policy script Rethinking productivity growth France's farmers are more productive than you might think China's hidden risks rise Technology Oman technology: Far Cry 4, The Himalayas Mission Oman technology: All about Keeper Security Oman technology: All about Sago Mini Doodlecast Game of the week: Shadow Tactics, Blades of the Shogun Oman technology: All you wanted to know about Airbnb Lifestyle Wellness | Motoring | Dining | Entertainment | Family | Property Times | Travel  Leisure | Culture | Photography Oman dining: The goodness of green Oman dining: This weekend eat at The Bollywood One ingredient five ways: Figs Not possible that I will always succeed: Kangana Ranaut My outlook towards women changed after playing Badri: Varun   This Weekend | Food | Style | Recreation | Travel Oscar 2017 Winners Weekend Events 2nd, 3rd, 4th March, 2017 Heroes of Arabia: The legendary Saladin Oman dining: Start eating healthy at Salad Boutique Archery has finally come to Oman Business JPMorgan scouting Dublin, Frankfurt for post-Brexit EU hub March 6, 2017 | 3:03 PM by Bloomberg News - Bloomberg file picture x - Bloomberg file picture   Sharelines JPMorgan scouting Dublin, Frankfurt for post-Brexit EU hub #JPMorgan scouting #Dublin, Frankfurt for post-#Brexit EU hub London: JPMorgan Chase is scouting for office space in Dublin and Frankfurt that may be used as an enlarged European Union hub following the UK’s vote to leave the bloc, according to people with knowledge of the matter. The lender may lease 50,000 square feet (4,645 square metres) to 150,000 square feet of space and wants flexibility from landlords to shrink or expand depending on the outcome of the Brexit negotiations, some of the people said, asking not to be named because the plans aren’t public. That amount of space would be enough for several hundred employees. "Other options are still very much on the table," the bank said in a statement. "We want to see how negotiations progress. No final decisions have been made." UK Prime Minister Theresa May’s plan to pull Britain out of the single market has prompted international banks to begin looking to move jobs to the continent. London could lose 10,000 banking jobs and 20,000 roles in financial services as clients move 1.8 trillion euros ($1.9 trillion) of assets to the continent after Brexit is completed, according to think tank Bruegel. Other estimates range from as much as 232,000 jobs to as few as 4,000. Before the June 23 referendum Chief Executive Officer Jamie Dimon told UK staff that as many as 4,000 of them could be relocated in the event of Brexit. In January, he said that number could be even higher — or lower — depending on how the government’s negotiations played out. Frankfurt and Dublin are emerging as the favored destinations for banks preparing to flee London after Brexit. Standard Chartered and Barclays are considering the Irish capital for their EU base while Goldman Sachs Group, and Morgan Stanley are weighing Frankfurt. JPMorgan already has subsidiary units in Ireland and Germany with broker/dealer licences. < Previous PageNext Page > Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. STAY UPDATED Subscribe to our newsletter and be the first to know all the latest news Sign Up More in Business EBRD to return to Uzbekistan after decade-long absence EU business group slams Beijing's 'Made in China' plan India announces new hydrocarbon exploration licencing policy Gallery +25 ° C +25° +25° Muscat Tuesday, 15 Wednesday +25° +24° Thursday +24° +23° Friday +24° +23° Saturday +24° +23° Sunday +24° +23° Monday +24° +23° See 7-Day Forecast Recommended for you China invested over $50b in Silk Road project: Official Hard Brexit would trigger 'leaching' of banks from UK PREVIOUS ARTICLE Bullish trend continues NEXT ARTICLE Tencent's Ma proposes Bay Area-like tech zone in South China Oman #OmanPride World Sports Opinion Business Technology Travel Lifestyle Entertainment Features Advertising RSS Feeds Subscription TOO Apps Classifieds E Paper About us Blog Jobs Contact us Request a Quote Sitemap Copyright © 2017 Muscat Media Group. Times of Oman is not responsible for the content of external internet sites. Newsletter
Home About/Contact US Privacy Policy Staff Daily Email Updates Headlines Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Investing Meggitt plc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Meggitt plc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Recent Posts Canadian Apartment Properties REIT (CAR.UN) Price Target Raised to C$36.00 Bank of Montreal (BMO) Price Target Raised to C$110.00 CIBC Boosts Avigilon Corp (AVO) Price Target to C$18.00 Investment Analysts’ Recent Ratings Updates for Pure Storage (PSTG) Enzymotec Ltd (ENZY) Receives Consensus Rating of “Hold” from Brokerages Daimler AG (DDAIF) Given $74.94 Average Target Price by Analysts Zacks: Analysts Set $1.50 Price Target for UQM Technologies Inc (UQM) Tucows Inc. (TCX) Receives Average Rating of “Hold” from Brokerages Zacks: Arotech Co. (ARTX) Given $4.50 Consensus Target Price by Analysts Bernard D. Berman Purchases 15,000 Shares of Fifth Street Finance Corp. (FSC) Stock Thomas L. Carter, Jr. Purchases 14,000 Shares of Black Stone Minerals LP (BSM) Stock Cotiviti Holdings Inc (COTV) Now Covered by Raymond James Financial, Inc. Canadian Western Bank (CWB) Stock Rating Upgraded by CIBC Cipher Pharmaceuticals Inc (CPH) Rating Reiterated by TD Securities Senior plc (SNR) Given “Neutral” Rating at JPMorgan Chase & Co. Barratt Developments Plc (BDEV) Receives Sell Rating from Liberum Capital WesBanco Inc (WSBC) to Issue Quarterly Dividend of $0.26 on April 1st Research Frontiers, Inc. (REFR) Set to Announce Earnings on Wednesday 3D Systems Co. (DDD) Expected to Earn Q1 2017 Earnings of $0.08 Per Share Goldman Sachs Group Inc Initiates Coverage on Infosys Ltd (INFY) JPMorgan Chase & Co. Raises Meggitt plc (MGGT) Price Target to GBX 500 Posted by Dave Schultz on Mar 6th, 2017 // No Comments Tweet Meggitt plc (LON:MGGT) had its price objective increased by JPMorgan Chase & Co. from GBX 470 ($5.86) to GBX 500 ($6.23) in a research note published on Wednesday. JPMorgan Chase & Co. currently has a neutral rating on the stock. A number of other research analysts have also recently weighed in on MGGT. Berenberg Bank reiterated a hold rating and issued a GBX 440 ($5.48) target price on shares of Meggitt plc in a research note on Thursday, February 9th. Deutsche Bank AG boosted their target price on shares of Meggitt plc from GBX 370 ($4.61) to GBX 460 ($5.73) and gave the company a hold rating in a research note on Monday, December 5th. BNP Paribas reiterated a neutral rating and issued a GBX 430 ($5.36) target price on shares of Meggitt plc in a research note on Friday, February 10th. Goldman Sachs Group Inc reiterated a neutral rating and issued a GBX 463 ($5.77) target price on shares of Meggitt plc in a research note on Wednesday, December 7th. Finally, Liberum Capital dropped their target price on shares of Meggitt plc from GBX 400 ($4.98) to GBX 360 ($4.48) and set a sell rating on the stock in a research note on Monday, February 20th. Four equities research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, eleven have given a hold rating and four have given a buy rating to the company’s stock. The company has an average rating of Hold and an average target price of GBX 439.28 ($5.47). Meggitt plc (LON:MGGT) opened at 459.30 on Wednesday. The company’s market capitalization is GBX 3.56 billion. The company has a 50-day moving average of GBX 430.64 and a 200-day moving average of GBX 452.12. Meggitt plc has a 52 week low of GBX 361.80 and a 52 week high of GBX 485.10. This piece was first published by Web Breaking News and is the property of of Web Breaking News. If you are accessing this piece on another domain, it was stolen and republished in violation of international copyright laws. The legal version of this piece can be read at http://www.webbreakingnews.com/2017/03/06/jpmorgan-chase-co-raises-meggitt-plc-mggt-price-target-to-gbx-500.html. The firm also recently declared a dividend, which will be paid on Friday, May 5th. Investors of record on Thursday, March 23rd will be paid a dividend of GBX 10.30 ($0.13) per share. This is a boost from Meggitt plc’s previous dividend of $4.80. This represents a dividend yield of 2.19%. The ex-dividend date is Thursday, March 23rd. In other Meggitt plc news, insider Tony Wood purchased 10,378 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Tuesday, February 28th. The shares were bought at an average cost of GBX 478 ($5.95) per share, for a total transaction of £49,606.84 ($61,799.98). Insiders have purchased a total of 10,461 shares of company stock worth $4,998,106 over the last 90 days. Meggitt plc Company Profile Meggitt PLC is an engineering company. The Company’s segments are Meggitt Aircraft Braking Systems, Meggitt Control Systems, Meggitt Polymers & Composites, Meggitt Sensing Systems and the Meggitt Equipment Group. Its Meggitt Aircraft Braking Systems is a supplier of aircraft wheels, brakes and brake control systems. Receive News & Ratings for Meggitt plc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Meggitt plc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter. « Previous McBride plc (MCB) Price Target Raised to GBX 225 Next » Moneysupermarket.Com Group PLC (MONY) Earns “Hold” Rating from Liberum Capital Latest News Nike Suspends Relationship with Maria Sharapova Rob Bironas Ex-Titans Kicker Dies in Car Crash Ron Washington Leaves Texas Rangers Due to an Affair Jonathan Dwyer Falls in Line with Other Banned NFL Players Tony Stewart Case Going to the Grand Jury Oscar Pistorius “Blade Runner” Found Not Guilty of Murder Leave a Reply Click here to cancel reply. Name (Required) Mail (will not be published) (Required) Website   Home Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Headlines Investing © 2006-2017 Web Breaking News.
Home About/Contact US Privacy Policy Staff Daily Email Updates Headlines Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Investing JPMorgan Chase & Co. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for JPMorgan Chase & Co. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Recent Posts Canadian Apartment Properties REIT (CAR.UN) Price Target Raised to C$36.00 Bank of Montreal (BMO) Price Target Raised to C$110.00 CIBC Boosts Avigilon Corp (AVO) Price Target to C$18.00 Investment Analysts’ Recent Ratings Updates for Pure Storage (PSTG) Enzymotec Ltd (ENZY) Receives Consensus Rating of “Hold” from Brokerages Daimler AG (DDAIF) Given $74.94 Average Target Price by Analysts Zacks: Analysts Set $1.50 Price Target for UQM Technologies Inc (UQM) Tucows Inc. (TCX) Receives Average Rating of “Hold” from Brokerages Zacks: Arotech Co. (ARTX) Given $4.50 Consensus Target Price by Analysts Bernard D. Berman Purchases 15,000 Shares of Fifth Street Finance Corp. (FSC) Stock Thomas L. Carter, Jr. Purchases 14,000 Shares of Black Stone Minerals LP (BSM) Stock Cotiviti Holdings Inc (COTV) Now Covered by Raymond James Financial, Inc. Canadian Western Bank (CWB) Stock Rating Upgraded by CIBC Cipher Pharmaceuticals Inc (CPH) Rating Reiterated by TD Securities Senior plc (SNR) Given “Neutral” Rating at JPMorgan Chase & Co. Barratt Developments Plc (BDEV) Receives Sell Rating from Liberum Capital WesBanco Inc (WSBC) to Issue Quarterly Dividend of $0.26 on April 1st Research Frontiers, Inc. (REFR) Set to Announce Earnings on Wednesday 3D Systems Co. (DDD) Expected to Earn Q1 2017 Earnings of $0.08 Per Share Goldman Sachs Group Inc Initiates Coverage on Infosys Ltd (INFY) JPMorgan Chase & Co. (JPM) Shares Sold by Sapphire Star Partners LP Posted by Jacob Kohn on Mar 6th, 2017 // No Comments Tweet Sapphire Star Partners LP lowered its stake in JPMorgan Chase & Co. (NYSE:JPM) by 8.5% during the fourth quarter, according to its most recent 13F filing with the SEC. The firm owned 20,600 shares of the financial services provider’s stock after selling 1,916 shares during the period. JPMorgan Chase & Co. accounts for 2.1% of Sapphire Star Partners LP’s portfolio, making the stock its 13th largest position. Sapphire Star Partners LP’s holdings in JPMorgan Chase & Co. were worth $1,849,000 at the end of the most recent reporting period. Other large investors have also bought and sold shares of the company. Fayez Sarofim & Co. boosted its position in shares of JPMorgan Chase & Co. by 0.9% in the second quarter. Fayez Sarofim & Co. now owns 5,010,261 shares of the financial services provider’s stock worth $310,848,000 after buying an additional 45,164 shares during the last quarter. Mizuho Asset Management Co. Ltd. boosted its position in shares of JPMorgan Chase & Co. by 48.2% in the second quarter. Mizuho Asset Management Co. Ltd. now owns 79,984 shares of the financial services provider’s stock worth $4,970,000 after buying an additional 26,008 shares during the last quarter. Vanguard Group Inc. boosted its position in shares of JPMorgan Chase & Co. by 2.1% in the second quarter. Vanguard Group Inc. now owns 229,636,598 shares of the financial services provider’s stock worth $14,269,618,000 after buying an additional 4,692,609 shares during the last quarter. Carret Asset Management LLC boosted its position in shares of JPMorgan Chase & Co. by 0.6% in the second quarter. Carret Asset Management LLC now owns 205,400 shares of the financial services provider’s stock worth $12,764,000 after buying an additional 1,203 shares during the last quarter. Finally, Wellesley Investment Partners LLC boosted its position in shares of JPMorgan Chase & Co. by 6.8% in the second quarter. Wellesley Investment Partners LLC now owns 15,877 shares of the financial services provider’s stock worth $986,000 after buying an additional 1,005 shares during the last quarter. Institutional investors and hedge funds own 73.65% of the company’s stock. Shares of JPMorgan Chase & Co. (NYSE:JPM) opened at 92.80 on Monday. The company has a market capitalization of $331.36 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 14.99 and a beta of 1.49. The company has a 50-day moving average price of $87.72 and a 200 day moving average price of $77.35. JPMorgan Chase & Co. has a one year low of $57.05 and a one year high of $93.98. JPMorgan Chase & Co. (NYSE:JPM) last issued its quarterly earnings data on Friday, January 13th. The financial services provider reported $1.71 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, topping the Zacks’ consensus estimate of $1.42 by $0.29. The firm earned $24.30 billion during the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $23.48 billion. JPMorgan Chase & Co. had a net margin of 23.45% and a return on equity of 10.91%. JPMorgan Chase & Co.’s revenue for the quarter was up 2.1% on a year-over-year basis. During the same period in the prior year, the company posted $1.68 earnings per share. On average, analysts forecast that JPMorgan Chase & Co. will post $6.55 EPS for the current fiscal year. This news story was published by Web Breaking News and is owned by of Web Breaking News. If you are viewing this news story on another publication, it was stolen and republished in violation of international copyright laws. The correct version of this news story can be read at http://www.webbreakingnews.com/2017/03/06/jpmorgan-chase-co-jpm-shares-sold-by-sapphire-star-partners-lp.html. A number of brokerages recently weighed in on JPM. Zacks Investment Research cut JPMorgan Chase & Co. from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating in a report on Friday. Vetr upgraded JPMorgan Chase & Co. from a “sell” rating to a “hold” rating and set a $82.89 target price on the stock in a report on Monday, December 19th. Keefe, Bruyette & Woods reiterated an “outperform” rating and issued a $88.00 target price (up previously from $77.00) on shares of JPMorgan Chase & Co. in a report on Wednesday, November 30th. FBR & Co reiterated an “outperform” rating on shares of JPMorgan Chase & Co. in a report on Tuesday, January 17th. Finally, RBC Capital Markets reiterated a “buy” rating on shares of JPMorgan Chase & Co. in a report on Saturday, December 17th. Two research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, thirteen have issued a hold rating and seventeen have given a buy rating to the company’s stock. The stock presently has an average rating of “Hold” and an average target price of $78.12. In related news, CEO Douglas B. Petno sold 6,728 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction on Tuesday, January 17th. The shares were sold at an average price of $84.16, for a total value of $566,228.48. Following the completion of the sale, the chief executive officer now directly owns 115,938 shares in the company, valued at $9,757,342.08. The sale was disclosed in a filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is available at the SEC website. Also, CFO Marianne Lake sold 13,072 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction on Wednesday, January 18th. The stock was sold at an average price of $83.68, for a total transaction of $1,093,864.96. Following the completion of the sale, the chief financial officer now owns 44,711 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $3,741,416.48. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Insiders sold 202,699 shares of company stock valued at $17,009,515 over the last quarter. 0.85% of the stock is currently owned by corporate insiders. About JPMorgan Chase & Co. JPMorgan Chase & Co is a financial holding company. The Company is engaged in investment banking, financial services. It operates in four segments, as well as a Corporate segment. Its segments are Consumer & Community Banking, Corporate & Investment Bank, Commercial Banking and Asset Management. The Consumer & Community Banking segment serves consumers and businesses through personal service at bank branches and through automatic teller machines, online, mobile and telephone banking. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding JPM? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for JPMorgan Chase & Co. (NYSE:JPM). Receive News & Ratings for JPMorgan Chase & Co. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for JPMorgan Chase & Co. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter. « Previous Private Advisory Group LLC Buys New Position in Chevron Co. (CVX) Next » SunTrust Banks, Inc. (STI) EVP Sells $1,338,102.00 in Stock Latest News Nike Suspends Relationship with Maria Sharapova Rob Bironas Ex-Titans Kicker Dies in Car Crash Ron Washington Leaves Texas Rangers Due to an Affair Jonathan Dwyer Falls in Line with Other Banned NFL Players Tony Stewart Case Going to the Grand Jury Oscar Pistorius “Blade Runner” Found Not Guilty of Murder Leave a Reply Click here to cancel reply. Name (Required) Mail (will not be published) (Required) Website   Home Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Headlines Investing © 2006-2017 Web Breaking News.
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Hiscox Ltd - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Hiscox Ltd with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Scotiabank Reiterates Outperform Rating for Advantage Oil & Gas Ltd. (AAV) Raymond James Financial, Inc. Raises Canadian Apartment Properties REIT (CAR.UN) Price Target to C$35.00 Bank of Nova Scotia (BNS) PT Raised to C$86.00 at Desjardins Scotiabank Boosts Avigilon Corp (AVO) Price Target to C$16.00 LPL Financial Holdings Inc (lpla) to Issue Quarterly Dividend of $0.25 on March 24th Brokers Issue Forecasts for Babcock & Wilcox Enterprises Inc’s Q1 2017 Earnings (BW) Ideal Power Inc. (IPWR) Insider Buys $19,812.00 in Stock Cameco Corp (CCO) Director James Allan Dobchuk Buys 1,470 Shares Fossil Group Inc (FOSL) PT Lowered to $12.00 TD Securities Reiterates “Buy” Rating for Cascades Inc (CAS) Edge Therapeutics Inc (EDGE) Rating Reiterated by Leerink Swann Beaufort Securities Reaffirms “Speculative Buy” Rating for Amryt Pharma PLC (AMYT) Tritax Big Box REIT PLC (BBOX) Receives “Hold” Rating from Liberum Capital Deutsche Bank AG Boosts G4S plc (GFS) Price Target to GBX 230 Old Line Bancshares, Inc. (MD) (olbk) To Go Ex-Dividend on March 8th Pernix Therapeutics Holdings Inc (PTX) Scheduled to Post Earnings on Wednesday Savanna Energy Services Corp. (SVY) Scheduled to Post Earnings on Wednesday William Blair Analysts Increase Earnings Estimates for 3D Systems Co. (DDD) Carrols Restaurant Group, Inc. (TAST) PT Lowered to $17.00 United Continental Holdings Inc (UAL) Rating Reiterated by Sanford C. Bernstein JPMorgan Chase & Co. Raises Hiscox Ltd (HSX) Price Target to GBX 1,155 March 5th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Patrick Bannon Filed Under: Analyst Articles - UK - Finance Tweet Hiscox Ltd (LON:HSX) had its price target hoisted by equities research analysts at JPMorgan Chase & Co. from GBX 1,125 ($14.02) to GBX 1,155 ($14.39) in a report released on Monday. The brokerage presently has an “overweight” rating on the stock. JPMorgan Chase & Co.’s price target suggests a potential upside of 5.77% from the stock’s current price. Other equities research analysts also recently issued research reports about the stock. Credit Suisse Group AG reissued an “outperform” rating and set a GBX 1,180 ($14.70) price objective on shares of Hiscox in a research report on Monday, January 16th. Barclays PLC boosted their price objective on shares of Hiscox from GBX 969 ($12.07) to GBX 972 ($12.11) and gave the company an “underweight” rating in a research report on Monday, February 6th. Royal Bank of Canada reissued a “sector perform” rating and set a GBX 1,150 ($14.33) price objective on shares of Hiscox in a research report on Wednesday, December 7th. Numis Securities Ltd raised shares of Hiscox to an “add” rating and set a GBX 1,225 ($15.26) price objective for the company in a research report on Thursday, November 24th. Finally, Peel Hunt reissued a “reduce” rating and set a GBX 870 ($10.84) price objective on shares of Hiscox in a research report on Monday, November 7th. Three research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, six have issued a hold rating and four have assigned a buy rating to the company. Hiscox has a consensus rating of “Hold” and a consensus target price of GBX 1,069 ($13.32). Shares of Hiscox (LON:HSX) opened at 1088.703857 on Monday. Hiscox has a 52-week low of GBX 896.50 and a 52-week high of GBX 1,106.00. The firm’s 50-day moving average price is GBX 1,041.61 and its 200-day moving average price is GBX 1,044.83. The company also recently announced a dividend, which will be paid on Tuesday, June 20th. Investors of record on Thursday, May 11th will be issued a GBX 19 ($0.24) dividend. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Thursday, May 11th. This represents a yield of 1.77%. This is an increase from Hiscox’s previous dividend of $8.50. This piece was published by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are reading this piece on another site, it was illegally stolen and republished in violation of United States and international copyright law. The original version of this piece can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/03/05/jpmorgan-chase-co-raises-hiscox-ltd-hsx-price-target-to-gbx-1155.html. In related news, insider Richard Watson sold 28,231 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction on Tuesday, December 13th. The shares were sold at an average price of GBX 1,010 ($12.58), for a total value of £285,133.10 ($355,217.52). Also, insider Anne MacDonald bought 2,309 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Wednesday, December 14th. The stock was purchased at an average cost of GBX 1,004 ($12.51) per share, with a total value of £23,182.36 ($28,880.48). Insiders sold a total of 51,224 shares of company stock valued at $51,812,128 in the last ninety days. Hiscox Company Profile Hiscox Limited is a Bermuda-based insurer. The Company is a holding company for subsidiaries involved in the business of insurance and reinsurance in Bermuda, the United States, the United Kingdom, Guernsey, Europe and Asia. It operates through four segments: Hiscox Retail, Hiscox London Market, Hiscox Re and Corporate Centre. Receive News & Ratings for Hiscox Ltd Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Hiscox Ltd and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News New Travel Ban by President Trump Could be Announced Monday Hackers Accessed Private Email of Mike Pence While He Was Governor President Trump’s First Address Optimistic Trump Asking for Steep Increases in Spending for Military President Trump Wants the Largest Nuclear Arsenal © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Non-Standard Finance PLC - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Non-Standard Finance PLC with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Hertz Global Holdings, Inc (HTZ) Given Consensus Recommendation of “Hold” by Analysts Sanderson Farms, Inc. (SAFM) Receives Average Rating of “Hold” from Analysts Discover Financial Services (DFS) Shares Bought by AQR Capital Management LLC AQR Capital Management LLC Has $293,524,000 Position in AFLAC Incorporated (AFL) Delta Air Lines, Inc. (DAL) Position Increased by AQR Capital Management LLC American Tower Corp (AMT) Shares Sold by United Capital Financial Advisers LLC Analysts Anticipate Standex Int'l Corp. (SXI) to Announce $1.05 Earnings Per Share SunTrust Banks Comments on Stage Stores, Inc.’s FY2019 Earnings (SSI) Boothbay Fund Management LLC Buys Shares of 10,615 Regions Financial Corp (RF) 3,905 Shares in SunTrust Banks, Inc. (STI) Acquired by Boothbay Fund Management LLC Cigna Investments Inc. New Buys Shares of 3,264 Camden Property Trust (CPT) 4,267 Shares in Nasdaq Inc (NDAQ) Acquired by Cigna Investments Inc. New 12,480 Shares in Metaldyne Performance Group Inc (MPG) Acquired by Cigna Investments Inc. New Lam Research Co. (LRCX) Shares Sold by Bowling Portfolio Management LLC Bowling Portfolio Management LLC Has $1,966,000 Position in Marathon Petroleum Corp (MPC) Barings LLC Acquires New Stake in SM Energy Co (SM) Barings LLC Acquires New Stake in Panera Bread Company (PNRA) Barings LLC Has $605,000 Stake in Linear Technology Co. (LLTC) ARS Investment Partners LLC Increases Position in Broadcom Limited (AVGO) Capital Guardian Trust Co. Buys 2,114 Shares of eBay Inc (EBAY) Non-Standard Finance PLC (NSF) Rating Reiterated by JPMorgan Chase & Co. March 5th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Trevor Kearing Filed Under: Analyst Articles - UK - Finance Tweet Non-Standard Finance PLC (LON:NSF)‘s stock had its “overweight” rating reissued by investment analysts at JPMorgan Chase & Co. in a research note issued to investors on Monday. They currently have a GBX 92 ($1.15) target price on the stock. JPMorgan Chase & Co.’s price objective suggests a potential upside of 53.33% from the stock’s previous close. Several other research analysts have also weighed in on NSF. Peel Hunt reiterated a “buy” rating and set a GBX 106 ($1.32) price objective on shares of Non-Standard Finance PLC in a report on Friday, November 11th. Shore Capital reiterated a “buy” rating on shares of Non-Standard Finance PLC in a report on Wednesday, January 11th. Non-Standard Finance PLC (LON:NSF) opened at 60.25 on Monday. The company has a 50 day moving average of GBX 60.31 and a 200-day moving average of GBX 64.17. Non-Standard Finance PLC has a one year low of GBX 51.00 and a one year high of GBX 77.00. The firm’s market cap is GBX 191.02 million. The firm also recently declared a dividend, which will be paid on Tuesday, June 20th. Investors of record on Thursday, May 18th will be issued a GBX 0.90 ($0.01) dividend. This is a positive change from Non-Standard Finance PLC’s previous dividend of $0.30. The ex-dividend date is Thursday, May 18th. This represents a yield of 1.5%. This piece of content was first published by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are viewing this piece of content on another domain, it was illegally stolen and republished in violation of international copyright and trademark legislation. The original version of this piece of content can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/03/05/non-standard-finance-plc-nsf-rating-reiterated-by-jpmorgan-chase-co.html. About Non-Standard Finance PLC Non-Standard Finance plc operates in the United-Kindom’s non-standard consumer finance sector. The Company operates through four divisions: Central, Loans at Home, Everyday Loans and Trusttwo. The Company has Home Credit Division of S&U plc (S&U), which trades as Loans at Home. Loans at Home provides home credit and serves approximately 98,000 customers. Receive News & Ratings for Non-Standard Finance PLC Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Non-Standard Finance PLC and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News New Travel Ban by President Trump Could be Announced Monday Hackers Accessed Private Email of Mike Pence While He Was Governor President Trump’s First Address Optimistic Trump Asking for Steep Increases in Spending for Military President Trump Wants the Largest Nuclear Arsenal © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact US Privacy Policy Staff Daily Email Updates Headlines Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Investing Ashford Hospitality Prime Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Ashford Hospitality Prime Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Recent Posts Goldman Sachs Group Inc Initiates Coverage on Infosys Ltd (INFY) Zacks Investment Research Downgrades Crocs, Inc. (CROX) to Strong Sell Orbital ATK, Inc. (OA) to Release Earnings on Wednesday Q1 2017 Earnings Estimate for Ferro Co. (FOE) Issued By Seaport Global Securities Allscripts Healthcare Solutions Inc (MDRX) Receives Consensus Recommendation of “Hold” from Analysts GlycoMimetics Inc (GLYC) Given Consensus Rating of “Buy” by Analysts The Chefs Warehouse, Inc (CHEF) Receives $14.75 Consensus Price Target from Brokerages PennyMac Financial Services Inc (PFSI) Given Consensus Recommendation of “Buy” by Analysts Hilton Worldwide Holdings Inc (HLT) To Go Ex-Dividend on March 8th Hudbay Minerals Inc (hbm) to Issue Semiannual Dividend of $0.01 on March 31st Infinity Property and Casualty Corp. (IPCC) To Go Ex-Dividend on March 8th Infinity Property and Casualty Corp. (IPCC) To Go Ex-Dividend on March 8th ITV plc (ITV) Receives Buy Rating from Shore Capital International Personal Finance Plc (IPF) Given Under Review Rating at Shore Capital Zacks Investment Research Lowers Spartan Motors Inc (SPAR) to Hold International Personal Finance Plc (IPF) Given Under Review Rating at Peel Hunt Mitie Group PLC’s (MTO) Sell Rating Reaffirmed at Liberum Capital Quaker Chemical Corp (KWR) Upgraded to “Hold” by Zacks Investment Research Research Analysts Offer Predictions for Granite Real Estate’s Q1 2017 Earnings (GRP.U) Wedbush Comments on Habit Restaurants Inc’s Q1 2017 Earnings (HABT) Ashford Hospitality Prime Inc (AHP) Stake Held by Raging Capital Management, LLC Posted by Jacob Kohn on Mar 7th, 2017 // No Comments Tweet Raging Capital Management, LLC recently disclosed that they own 4.2% of Ashford Hospitality Prime Inc (NYSE:AHP) in a Schedule 13D/A disclosure that was filed with the SEC on Monday, March 6th. The investor owns 1,085,746 shares of the stock worth about $11,997,493. The reporting parties listed on the disclosure included Raging Capital Management, LLC and William C Martin. The filing is available through Edgar at this hyperlink. Raging Capital Management, LLC provided the following explanation of their ownership: Warning: file_get_contents(): php_network_getaddresses: getaddrinfo failed: Name or service not known in /home/acctmp/public_html/download.php on line 6 Warning: file_get_contents(https://whalewisdom.com 2,460,079 ): failed to open stream: php_network_getaddresses: getaddrinfo failed: Name or service not known in /home/acctmp/public_html/download.php on line 6 A number of other hedge funds and other institutional investors have also modified their holdings of AHP. KRV Capital LP acquired a new position in shares of Ashford Hospitality Prime during the third quarter worth about $5,832,000. Wells Fargo & Company MN boosted its position in shares of Ashford Hospitality Prime by 13.9% in the third quarter. Wells Fargo & Company MN now owns 10,719 shares of the company’s stock worth $151,000 after buying an additional 1,306 shares during the period. JPMorgan Chase & Co. boosted its position in shares of Ashford Hospitality Prime by 14,821.6% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 133,250 shares of the company’s stock worth $1,879,000 after buying an additional 132,357 shares during the period. Foundry Partners LLC boosted its position in shares of Ashford Hospitality Prime by 3.0% in the third quarter. Foundry Partners LLC now owns 249,775 shares of the company’s stock worth $3,522,000 after buying an additional 7,311 shares during the period. Finally, Raging Capital Management LLC boosted its position in shares of Ashford Hospitality Prime by 23.6% in the fourth quarter. Raging Capital Management LLC now owns 2,460,079 shares of the company’s stock worth $33,580,000 after buying an additional 470,037 shares during the period. 75.77% of the stock is owned by institutional investors. Shares of Ashford Hospitality Prime Inc (NYSE:AHP) traded up 0.91% on Monday, reaching $11.05. 1,040,676 shares of the company’s stock traded hands. The stock has a 50-day moving average price of $13.43 and a 200-day moving average price of $13.83. Ashford Hospitality Prime Inc has a 12-month low of $9.66 and a 12-month high of $17.64. The company has a market cap of $283.55 million, a PE ratio of 20.16 and a beta of 1.20. Ashford Hospitality Prime (NYSE:AHP) last posted its quarterly earnings results on Wednesday, February 22nd. The company reported ($0.03) EPS for the quarter, hitting the Zacks’ consensus estimate of ($0.03). Ashford Hospitality Prime had a net margin of 3.13% and a return on equity of 3.94%. Equities research analysts anticipate that Ashford Hospitality Prime Inc will post $0.24 EPS for the current fiscal year. This article was originally posted by Web Breaking News and is the sole property of of Web Breaking News. If you are viewing this article on another website, it was stolen and republished in violation of U.S. & international copyright & trademark laws. The correct version of this article can be read at http://www.webbreakingnews.com/2017/03/07/ashford-hospitality-prime-inc-ahp-stake-held-by-raging-capital-management-llc.html. A number of research analysts recently issued reports on AHP shares. Zacks Investment Research raised shares of Ashford Hospitality Prime from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $16.00 price target for the company in a research report on Monday, January 9th. FBR & Co lowered their price target on shares of Ashford Hospitality Prime to $16.00 in a research report on Monday, February 27th. Janney Montgomery Scott raised shares of Ashford Hospitality Prime from a “neutral” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $17.00 price target for the company in a research report on Tuesday, January 31st. Canaccord Genuity reaffirmed a “hold” rating and issued a $14.00 target price on shares of Ashford Hospitality Prime in a report on Friday, December 23rd. Finally, TheStreet raised shares of Ashford Hospitality Prime from a “sell” rating to a “hold” rating in a report on Monday, November 7th. Four research analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and three have issued a buy rating to the company’s stock. The stock presently has an average rating of “Hold” and an average target price of $14.80. About Ashford Hospitality Prime Ashford Hospitality Prime, Inc invests in high revenue per available room (RevPAR), luxury, upper-upscale and upscale hotels in gateway and resort locations. The Company conducts its business and owns all of its assets through its operating partnership, Ashford Hospitality Prime Limited Partnership. It operates in the direct hotel investment segment of the hotel lodging industry. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding AHP? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Ashford Hospitality Prime Inc (NYSE:AHP). Receive News & Ratings for Ashford Hospitality Prime Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Ashford Hospitality Prime Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter. « Previous Research Analysts’ Weekly Ratings Changes for Corporate Office Properties Trust (OFC) Next » Zacks Investment Research Downgrades Aerojet Rocketdyne Holdings, Inc. (AJRD) to Sell Latest News Nike Suspends Relationship with Maria Sharapova Rob Bironas Ex-Titans Kicker Dies in Car Crash Ron Washington Leaves Texas Rangers Due to an Affair Jonathan Dwyer Falls in Line with Other Banned NFL Players Tony Stewart Case Going to the Grand Jury Oscar Pistorius “Blade Runner” Found Not Guilty of Murder Leave a Reply Click here to cancel reply. Name (Required) Mail (will not be published) (Required) Website   Home Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Headlines Investing © 2006-2017 Web Breaking News.
Skip to content MilTech pr@satprnews.com Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 7 March 2017 by Military News Monmouth Real Estate Investment Corporation Announces Pricing Of Preferred Stock Offering FREEHOLD, N.J., March 6, 2017 /PRNewswire/ — Monmouth Real Estate Investment Corporation (NYSE: MNR) (the „Company”), a real estate investment trust (REIT) specializing in single-tenant, net-leased industrial properties, today announced that it has priced a public offering of 3,000,000 shares of its 6.125% Series C Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Stock (the „Series C Preferred Stock”), liquidation preference of $25.00 per share, at a public offering price of $24.50 per share, before underwriting discounts.  In connection with the offering, the Company has granted the underwriters an option for 30 days to purchase up to 450,000 additional shares of Series C Preferred Stock to cover overallotments, if any. The Series C Preferred Stock is listed for trading on the New York Stock Exchange under the symbol „MNRprC.” The offering is subject to customary closing conditions and is expected to close on or about March 9, 2017. The Company estimates that the net proceeds from this offering, after deducting underwriting discounts (before other transaction costs), will be approximately $71.2 million, or $81.9 million if the underwriters exercise in full their option to purchase additional shares to cover overallotments, if any.    The Company intends to use the net proceeds from this offering to redeem all of the outstanding shares of its 7.875% Series B Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Stock.  The remaining proceeds will be used to reduce the amount outstanding under its unsecured revolving credit facility, to purchase properties and fund expansions of existing properties in the ordinary course of its business and for general corporate purposes. RBC Capital Markets, LLC, BMO Capital Markets Corp. and J.P. Morgan Securities LLC are the joint book-running managers for the offering.  D.A. Davidson & Co., Janney Montgomery Scott LLC and Wunderlich Securities, Inc. are co-managers for the offering.  The offering will be made pursuant to the Company’s currently effective shelf registration statement filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission.  Copies of the preliminary prospectus supplement and accompanying base prospectus for this offering may be obtained by contacting: RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Three World Financial Center, 200 Vesey Street, 8th Floor, New York, New York 10281, Attention: Transaction Management, email: rbcnyfixedincomeprospectus@rbccm.com, telephone: 1-866-375-6829; BMO Capital Markets Corp., 3 Times Square, 25th Floor, New York, New York 10036, Attention: Equity Syndicate Department, email: bmoprospectus@bmo.com, telephone: 1-800-414-3627; or J.P. Morgan Securities LLC, 383 Madison Avenue, New York, New York 10179, Attention: Investment Grade Syndicate Desk, telephone: 1-212-834-4533. This press release does not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy, nor shall there be any sale of these securities in any jurisdiction in which such offer, solicitation or sale would be unlawful prior to registration or qualification under the securities laws of any such jurisdiction. ABOUT MONMOUTH REAL ESTATE INVESTMENT CORPORATION Monmouth Real Estate Investment Corporation, founded in 1968, is one of the oldest public equity REITs in the U.S. The Company specializes in single-tenant, net-leased industrial properties, subject to long-term leases, primarily to investment grade tenants.  Monmouth Real Estate Investment Corporation is a fully-integrated and self-managed real estate company, whose property portfolio consists of 100 properties containing a total of approximately 16.6 million rental square feet, geographically diversified across 30 states. In addition, the Company owns a portfolio of REIT securities. FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS This press release contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking statements provide the Company’s current expectations or forecasts of future events.  This cautionary statement is being included to make applicable and take advantage of the safe harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 for any such forward-looking statements.  Forward-looking statements include statements about the Company’s expectations, beliefs, intentions, plans, objectives, goals, strategies, future events, performance and underlying assumptions and other statements that are not historical facts, including with regard to the Company’s securities offering or the anticipated use of proceeds. You can identify forward-looking statements by their use of forward-looking words, such as „may,” „will,” „might,” „anticipate,” „estimate,” „project,” „expect,” „believe,” „intend,” „plan,” „should,” „seek” or comparable terms, or the negative use of those words, but the absence of these words does not necessarily mean that a statement is not forward-looking. The forward-looking statements are based on the Company’s beliefs, assumptions and expectations of its future performance, taking into account all information currently available to it. Forward-looking statements are not predictions of future events. These beliefs, assumptions and expectations can change as a result of many possible events or factors, not all of which are known to the Company.  Some of these factors are described under the headings „Risk Factors” and „Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” as included in the Company’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2016 and its other periodic reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission, which are accessible on the Securities and Exchange Commission’s website at www.sec.gov.  These factors should not be construed as exhaustive and should be read in conjunction with other cautionary statements that are included in the filings. These and other risks, uncertainties and factors could cause the Company’s actual results to differ materially from those included in any forward-looking statements it makes. Any forward-looking statement speaks only as of the date on which it is made. New risks and uncertainties arise over time, and it is not possible for the Company to predict those events or how they may affect it. Except as required by law, the Company is not obligated to, and does not intend to, update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. You should not place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, as events described or implied in such statements may not occur.  SOURCE Monmouth Real Estate Investment Corporation CategoriesUncategorized Tagsattention, base, Books, Business, commission, Companies, company, general, Markets, private, section, Stock Offering, World Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Fredette Family Foundation and the doTERRA Healing Hands Foundation™ Announce Partnership for Kindness Initiative Next PostNext Berry Sleepy, Leading Innovator in Sleep Aids Launches Extensive Line Expansion at Natural Products Expo West Search Recent Posts Embedded Systems Academy veröffentlicht “Technology Guide” zur Sicherheit von Controller Area Networks (CAN) Talentoday, startup en technologie Ressources Humaines (RH), a réalisé une levée de fonds « Série A » de 3.49 millions de dollars CareerBuilder and Emsi Release Top 10 Careers for Persuaders CareerBuilder and Emsi Release Top 10 Careers for Persuaders La Visual Industry Promotion Organization et les laboratoires de recherche KADOKAWA ASCII procèdent au lancement d’un « Catalogue de contenus japonais » disponible via un site Web Proudly powered by WordPress
Home About/Contact US Privacy Policy Staff Daily Email Updates Headlines Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Investing UDR Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for UDR Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Recent Posts Canadian Apartment Properties REIT (CAR.UN) Price Target Raised to C$36.00 Bank of Montreal (BMO) Price Target Raised to C$110.00 CIBC Boosts Avigilon Corp (AVO) Price Target to C$18.00 Investment Analysts’ Recent Ratings Updates for Pure Storage (PSTG) Enzymotec Ltd (ENZY) Receives Consensus Rating of “Hold” from Brokerages Daimler AG (DDAIF) Given $74.94 Average Target Price by Analysts Zacks: Analysts Set $1.50 Price Target for UQM Technologies Inc (UQM) Tucows Inc. (TCX) Receives Average Rating of “Hold” from Brokerages Zacks: Arotech Co. (ARTX) Given $4.50 Consensus Target Price by Analysts Bernard D. Berman Purchases 15,000 Shares of Fifth Street Finance Corp. (FSC) Stock Thomas L. Carter, Jr. Purchases 14,000 Shares of Black Stone Minerals LP (BSM) Stock Cotiviti Holdings Inc (COTV) Now Covered by Raymond James Financial, Inc. Canadian Western Bank (CWB) Stock Rating Upgraded by CIBC Cipher Pharmaceuticals Inc (CPH) Rating Reiterated by TD Securities Senior plc (SNR) Given “Neutral” Rating at JPMorgan Chase & Co. Barratt Developments Plc (BDEV) Receives Sell Rating from Liberum Capital WesBanco Inc (WSBC) to Issue Quarterly Dividend of $0.26 on April 1st Research Frontiers, Inc. (REFR) Set to Announce Earnings on Wednesday 3D Systems Co. (DDD) Expected to Earn Q1 2017 Earnings of $0.08 Per Share Goldman Sachs Group Inc Initiates Coverage on Infosys Ltd (INFY) UDR, Inc. (UDR) Lowered to “Buy” at Evercore ISI Posted by Tony Sherman on Mar 6th, 2017 // No Comments Tweet Evercore ISI downgraded shares of UDR, Inc. (NYSE:UDR) to a buy rating in a research report sent to investors on Friday, The Fly reports. Several other equities research analysts have also recently commented on UDR. JPMorgan Chase & Co. reissued a buy rating and issued a $40.00 price target on shares of UDR in a research note on Wednesday, November 16th. Cantor Fitzgerald set a $39.00 price target on UDR and gave the company a buy rating in a research note on Tuesday, December 6th. Morgan Stanley cut UDR from an equal weight rating to an underweight rating in a research note on Monday, December 12th. Mizuho reissued a buy rating on shares of UDR in a research note on Friday, December 23rd. Finally, SunTrust Banks, Inc. raised UDR from a hold rating to a buy rating and set a $40.00 price target for the company in a research note on Thursday, January 19th. Three research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, five have given a hold rating and five have given a buy rating to the stock. The stock has an average rating of Hold and a consensus price target of $38.33. Shares of UDR (NYSE:UDR) traded up 0.45% on Friday, hitting $36.06. 760,977 shares of the company traded hands. The stock’s 50-day moving average price is $35.57 and its 200-day moving average price is $35.09. UDR has a 12 month low of $32.79 and a 12 month high of $38.61. The company has a market capitalization of $9.64 billion, a PE ratio of 33.39 and a beta of 0.34. UDR (NYSE:UDR) last announced its quarterly earnings results on Monday, January 30th. The real estate investment trust reported $0.46 EPS for the quarter, beating the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of $0.10 by $0.36. The business earned $243.10 million during the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $242.05 million. UDR had a return on equity of 9.96% and a net margin of 30.52%. The firm’s quarterly revenue was up 2.3% compared to the same quarter last year. During the same quarter in the previous year, the business posted $0.62 EPS. On average, equities analysts predict that UDR will post $0.31 earnings per share for the current year. “UDR, Inc. (UDR) Lowered to “Buy” at Evercore ISI” was first posted by Web Breaking News and is owned by of Web Breaking News. If you are reading this article on another publication, it was illegally copied and reposted in violation of United States & international trademark and copyright laws. The original version of this article can be viewed at http://www.webbreakingnews.com/2017/03/06/udr-inc-udr-lowered-to-buy-at-evercore-isi.html. In other news, SVP Harry G. Alcock sold 7,082 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Wednesday, December 21st. The stock was sold at an average price of $36.00, for a total transaction of $254,952.00. Following the completion of the transaction, the senior vice president now directly owns 113,063 shares in the company, valued at $4,070,268. The sale was disclosed in a filing with the SEC, which can be accessed through this link. Also, insider Warren L. Troupe sold 15,000 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Tuesday, January 3rd. The stock was sold at an average price of $36.15, for a total value of $542,250.00. Following the transaction, the insider now owns 538,422 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $19,463,955.30. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. 2.79% of the stock is owned by corporate insiders. Several hedge funds and other institutional investors have recently modified their holdings of UDR. Mitsubishi UFJ Trust & Banking Corp raised its position in shares of UDR by 3.4% in the third quarter. Mitsubishi UFJ Trust & Banking Corp now owns 633,633 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock worth $22,804,000 after buying an additional 21,066 shares during the period. Highbridge Capital Management LLC acquired a new position in shares of UDR during the third quarter worth approximately $1,979,000. Bank of New York Mellon Corp raised its position in shares of UDR by 53.2% in the third quarter. Bank of New York Mellon Corp now owns 7,312,669 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock worth $263,183,000 after buying an additional 2,538,172 shares during the period. Schroder Investment Management Group acquired a new position in shares of UDR during the third quarter worth approximately $22,760,000. Finally, United Services Automobile Association raised its position in shares of UDR by 6.6% in the third quarter. United Services Automobile Association now owns 85,816 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock worth $3,089,000 after buying an additional 5,294 shares during the period. About UDR UDR, Inc is a real estate investment trust. The Company owns, operates, acquires, renovates, develops, redevelops and manages multifamily apartment communities generally located in various markets across the United States. The Company operates through two segments: Same-Store Communities and Non-Mature Communities/Other. Receive News & Ratings for UDR Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for UDR Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter. « Previous Southern Co (SO) Lowered to Hold at Argus Next » Essendant Inc (ESND) Lowered to Strong Sell at Zacks Investment Research Latest News Nike Suspends Relationship with Maria Sharapova Rob Bironas Ex-Titans Kicker Dies in Car Crash Ron Washington Leaves Texas Rangers Due to an Affair Jonathan Dwyer Falls in Line with Other Banned NFL Players Tony Stewart Case Going to the Grand Jury Oscar Pistorius “Blade Runner” Found Not Guilty of Murder Leave a Reply Click here to cancel reply. Name (Required) Mail (will not be published) (Required) Website   Home Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Headlines Investing © 2006-2017 Web Breaking News.
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Pure Storage Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Pure Storage Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Continental AG (CTTAY) Cut to Hold at Zacks Investment Research Keith A. Sultana Sells 1,046 Shares of Ingersoll-Rand PLC (IR) Stock Goldcorp Inc. (G) Director Sells C$33,415.80 in Stock Loop Capital Reiterates “Buy” Rating for Micron Technology, Inc. (MU) Insider Selling: Trade Desk Inc (TTD) COO Sells 100,000 Shares of Stock Insider Selling: Vitamin Shoppe Inc (VSI) Director Sells 100,000 Shares of Stock Paul A. Jacobson Sells 20,100 Shares of Delta Air Lines, Inc. (DAL) Stock Insider Selling: Electronic Arts Inc. (EA) EVP Sells 10,000 Shares of Stock Beigene Ltd (BGNE) CEO Sells $4,459,149.09 in Stock Sempra Energy (SRE) Director Sells $544,600.00 in Stock Axalta Coating Systems Ltd (AXTA) CFO Sells $518,873.70 in Stock DA Davidson Begins Coverage on WesBanco Inc (WSBC) Research Analysts’ Recent Ratings Updates for Priceline Group (PCLN) Amedisys (AMED) – Investment Analysts’ Weekly Ratings Updates Canadian Pacific Railway Limited (CP) Earns Outperform Rating from Credit Suisse Group AG Insider Buying: Air T, Inc. (AIRT) CEO Purchases 500 Shares of Stock Eyegate Pharmaceuticals Inc (EYEG) Director Morton Goldberg Sells 8,919 Shares Genie Energy Ltd. (GNE) Director James A. Courter Sells 5,000 Shares Insider Selling: Enterprise Products Partners L.P. (EPD) Insider Sells 15,000 Shares of Stock Ascena Retail Group Inc (ASNA) Issues FY17 Earnings Guidance Pure Storage Inc (PSTG) Receives Neutral Rating from Susquehanna Bancshares Inc March 6th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Jeff Wilder Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Finance Tweet Susquehanna Bancshares Inc reiterated their neutral rating on shares of Pure Storage Inc (NYSE:PSTG) in a research note published on Friday. Susquehanna Bancshares Inc currently has a $12.00 price target on the stock, down from their previous price target of $13.00. A number of other equities analysts also recently issued reports on PSTG. Jefferies Group LLC reissued a hold rating and issued a $13.50 price objective (up previously from $13.00) on shares of Pure Storage in a report on Thursday, December 1st. Oppenheimer Holdings, Inc. set a $17.00 price objective on shares of Pure Storage and gave the stock a buy rating in a report on Thursday, December 1st. JMP Securities reissued a buy rating on shares of Pure Storage in a report on Thursday, December 1st. JPMorgan Chase & Co. reissued a neutral rating and issued a $14.50 price objective (up previously from $13.00) on shares of Pure Storage in a report on Sunday, December 4th. Finally, Morgan Stanley reissued an overweight rating and issued a $21.00 price objective on shares of Pure Storage in a report on Sunday, December 4th. Nine analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating, sixteen have issued a buy rating and one has issued a strong buy rating to the company. The stock presently has a consensus rating of Buy and a consensus target price of $15.79. Shares of Pure Storage (NYSE:PSTG) traded down 1.26% on Friday, reaching $9.39. The company’s stock had a trading volume of 1,802,360 shares. The company has a 50 day moving average of $11.50 and a 200 day moving average of $12.48. Pure Storage has a 1-year low of $9.12 and a 1-year high of $15.35. The stock’s market capitalization is $1.89 billion. Pure Storage (NYSE:PSTG) last announced its quarterly earnings results on Wednesday, March 1st. The company reported ($0.02) earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, beating analysts’ consensus estimates of ($0.08) by $0.06. The firm had revenue of $227.90 million for the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $224.37 million. Pure Storage had a negative net margin of 37.84% and a negative return on equity of 41.13%. The business’s quarterly revenue was up 51.7% compared to the same quarter last year. During the same quarter last year, the firm posted ($0.12) EPS. Equities research analysts expect that Pure Storage will post ($0.36) earnings per share for the current fiscal year. This report was first posted by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are viewing this report on another website, it was copied illegally and republished in violation of United States & international trademark & copyright law. The original version of this report can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/03/06/pure-storage-inc-pstg-receives-neutral-rating-from-susquehanna-bancshares-inc.html. In other news, Director Michelangelo Volpi sold 3,700 shares of Pure Storage stock in a transaction that occurred on Wednesday, December 21st. The shares were sold at an average price of $12.02, for a total transaction of $44,474.00. The transaction was disclosed in a legal filing with the SEC, which is available at this hyperlink. Also, CFO Timothy Riitters sold 5,000 shares of Pure Storage stock in a transaction that occurred on Thursday, December 15th. The shares were sold at an average price of $11.94, for a total transaction of $59,700.00. Following the sale, the chief financial officer now owns 26,769 shares in the company, valued at approximately $319,621.86. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Insiders have sold 2,213,348 shares of company stock worth $26,611,862 in the last ninety days. Insiders own 46.58% of the company’s stock. Several large investors have recently added to or reduced their stakes in the stock. JPMorgan Chase & Co. boosted its stake in Pure Storage by 0.5% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 85,063 shares of the company’s stock valued at $1,153,000 after buying an additional 421 shares during the last quarter. Thompson Investment Management Inc. boosted its stake in Pure Storage by 3.5% in the third quarter. Thompson Investment Management Inc. now owns 14,850 shares of the company’s stock valued at $201,000 after buying an additional 500 shares during the last quarter. BlackRock Inc. boosted its stake in Pure Storage by 3.0% in the third quarter. BlackRock Inc. now owns 66,418 shares of the company’s stock valued at $900,000 after buying an additional 1,910 shares during the last quarter. Wells Fargo & Company MN boosted its stake in Pure Storage by 7.5% in the third quarter. Wells Fargo & Company MN now owns 35,355 shares of the company’s stock valued at $479,000 after buying an additional 2,473 shares during the last quarter. Finally, Walter & Keenan Financial Consulting Co. MI ADV boosted its stake in Pure Storage by 7.1% in the third quarter. Walter & Keenan Financial Consulting Co. MI ADV now owns 67,500 shares of the company’s stock valued at $915,000 after buying an additional 4,500 shares during the last quarter. Hedge funds and other institutional investors own 49.00% of the company’s stock. Pure Storage Company Profile Pure Storage, Inc provides an enterprise data storage platform. The Company’s storage platform consists of approximately three integrated components, including the Purity Operating Environment, which is its flash-optimized software; FlashArray, which is its modular and scalable all-flash array hardware, and Pure1, which is its cloud-based management and support. Receive News & Ratings for Pure Storage Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Pure Storage Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News New Travel Ban by President Trump Could be Announced Monday Hackers Accessed Private Email of Mike Pence While He Was Governor President Trump’s First Address Optimistic Trump Asking for Steep Increases in Spending for Military President Trump Wants the Largest Nuclear Arsenal © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Follow P&I on | P&I Daily Latest P&I Daily P&I Daily Archive Subscribe to P&I Daily | Print Edition Current Print Issue Print Archive Subscribe to P&I Home News & Opinion By Topic Alternatives Consultants Defined Benefit Defined Contribution Investing/Portfolio Strategies Hedge Funds Money Management Real Estate Private Equity More Topics → By Department Latest News Opinion People Moves Special Reports By Multimedia Charts Polls Slideshows Video Webinars Searches & Hires Research Center Special Reports Video Careers Conferences & Webinars White Papers J.P. Morgan faces second suit alleging self-dealing in 401(k) plan Robert Steyer | March 6, 2017 1:49 pm | Updated 1:52 pm CHART CENTRAL View Full Chart Public plans push on with real estate; corporate plans are less enthused View More Charts LATEST POLL View Older Polls LATEST SLIDESHOW Top-Performing Money Managers: Fixed Income View Older Slideshows LATEST VIDEO 2016 Excellence & Innovation Awards: A talk with HESTAs Neil Saxton View More Videos at P&I's Video Library Latest Popular Upcoming Events Webinars About About Pensions & Investments About P&I Research Center About Crain Communications Inc. Advertise / Media Kit Contact Us Editorial Calendar Reprints & Permissions Customer Service My Account Settings Register for Free Subscribe FAQ Help / User Feedback Follow P&I E-Mail Newsletters Mobile Facebook LinkedIn Twitter RSS Feeds Affiliates Business Insurance InvestmentNews Crain's New York Business Crain's Chicago Business All Crain Brands Copyright © 2017 Crain Communications Inc., All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy | Terms & Conditions
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Melrose Industries PLC - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Melrose Industries PLC with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News John Bean Technologies Corp (JBT) Short Interest Update Bill Barrett Corporation (BBG) Shares Gap Down Following Analyst Downgrade RWE AG (RWE) Given a €16.00 Price Target by Goldman Sachs Group Inc Analysts Schneider Electric SE (SU) Given a €73.00 Price Target by Morgan Stanley Analysts Cheniere Energy Partners LP (CQP) Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research to “Buy” Barclays PLC Analysts Give Infineon Technologies AG (IFXA) a €15.75 Price Target Volkswagen AG (VOW3) Given a €167.00 Price Target by Kepler Capital Markets Analysts KeyCorp Equities Analysts Cut Earnings Estimates for Wingstop Inc. (WING) Express, Inc. (EXPR) Set to Announce Earnings on Wednesday Quartix Holdings PLC (QTX) Insider Buys £49,875 in Stock Insider Selling: Taylor Wimpey plc (TW) Insider Sells £384,357.75 in Stock Simon Litherland Buys 22 Shares of Britvic Plc (BVIC) Stock Vetr Inc. Upgrades Check Point Software Technologies Ltd. (CHKP) to “Strong-Buy” Express Scripts Holding Company (ESRX) Upgraded to “Strong-Buy” by Vetr Inc. Tableau Software Inc (DATA) Upgraded to “Strong-Buy” at Vetr Inc. Macy's Inc (M) Stock Rating Upgraded by Vetr Inc. Continental AG (CTTAY) Cut to Hold at Zacks Investment Research Keith A. Sultana Sells 1,046 Shares of Ingersoll-Rand PLC (IR) Stock Goldcorp Inc. (G) Director Sells C$33,415.80 in Stock Loop Capital Reiterates “Buy” Rating for Micron Technology, Inc. (MU) Melrose Industries PLC (MRO) Price Target Increased to GBX 250 by Analysts at JPMorgan Chase & Co. March 6th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Tyrone Williams Filed Under: Analyst Articles - UK - Finance Tweet Melrose Industries PLC (LON:MRO) had its price target boosted by JPMorgan Chase & Co. from GBX 194 ($2.37) to GBX 250 ($3.06) in a research report released on Friday morning. The brokerage currently has an overweight rating on the stock. MRO has been the topic of several other reports. Panmure Gordon reissued a buy rating and issued a GBX 294 ($3.60) target price on shares of Melrose Industries PLC in a research report on Wednesday, February 8th. Numis Securities Ltd raised shares of Melrose Industries PLC to a buy rating and set a GBX 245 ($3.00) target price on the stock in a research report on Tuesday, December 6th. Deutsche Bank AG reissued a hold rating on shares of Melrose Industries PLC in a research report on Thursday, November 17th. Bank of America Corp lifted their target price on shares of Melrose Industries PLC from GBX 200 ($2.45) to GBX 220 ($2.69) and gave the stock a buy rating in a research report on Wednesday, January 11th. Finally, Peel Hunt lifted their target price on shares of Melrose Industries PLC from GBX 210 ($2.57) to GBX 240 ($2.94) and gave the stock a buy rating in a research report on Tuesday, January 17th. Three investment analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and eight have assigned a buy rating to the company’s stock. The stock has a consensus rating of Buy and a consensus target price of GBX 268.40 ($3.28). Melrose Industries PLC (LON:MRO) traded down 1.89% during midday trading on Friday, hitting GBX 233.00. 6,921,662 shares of the stock traded hands. The firm’s market cap is GBX 631.90 million. Melrose Industries PLC has a 1-year low of GBX 63.06 and a 1-year high of GBX 250.50. The company has a 50-day moving average price of GBX 208.03 and a 200-day moving average price of GBX 183.17. “Melrose Industries PLC (MRO) Price Target Increased to GBX 250 by Analysts at JPMorgan Chase & Co.” was first published by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are accessing this article on another site, it was illegally stolen and republished in violation of U.S. and international copyright law. The correct version of this article can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/03/06/melrose-industries-plc-mro-price-target-increased-to-gbx-250-by-analysts-at-jpmorgan-chase-co.html. The business also recently declared a dividend, which will be paid on Tuesday, May 16th. Investors of record on Thursday, April 6th will be issued a dividend of GBX 1.90 ($0.02) per share. This is a boost from Melrose Industries PLC’s previous dividend of $1.40. This represents a dividend yield of 0.79%. The ex-dividend date is Thursday, April 6th. About Melrose Industries PLC Melrose Industries PLC is a United Kingdom-based company, which is engaged in buying manufacturing businesses. The Company operates through an Energy segment, which includes the Brush business that is a specialist supplier of energy industrial products to the global market. The Company’s Brush Turbogenerators is an independent manufacturer of electricity generating equipment for the power generation, industrial, oil and gas, and offshore sectors, and also supplies switchgear, transformers and other power infrastructure equipment. Receive News & Ratings for Melrose Industries PLC Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Melrose Industries PLC and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News New Travel Ban by President Trump Could be Announced Monday Hackers Accessed Private Email of Mike Pence While He Was Governor President Trump’s First Address Optimistic Trump Asking for Steep Increases in Spending for Military President Trump Wants the Largest Nuclear Arsenal © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact US Privacy Policy Staff Daily Email Updates Headlines Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Investing Novavax Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Novavax Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Recent Posts Transcontinental Realty Investors Inc (TCI) Given Consensus Recommendation of “Hold” by Brokerages Cloud Peak Energy Inc. (CLD) Coverage Initiated at Jefferies Group LLC Kroger Co (KR) PT Lowered to $34.00 Atlantic Securities Downgrades Snap Inc (SNAP) to Underweight Laureate Education Inc (LAUR) Now Covered by Citigroup Inc Virgin Money Holdings PLC’s (VM) Overweight Rating Reaffirmed at Barclays PLC Liberum Capital Reiterates Buy Rating for Utilitywise PLC (UTW) Unilever plc (ULVR) PT Set at GBX 4,300 by Berenberg Bank VF Corp (VFC) to Issue Quarterly Dividend of $0.42 on March 20th Travis Perkins plc (TPK) Price Target Cut to GBX 1,670 Travis Perkins plc (TPK) Rating Reiterated by JPMorgan Chase & Co. Energy Recovery, Inc. (ERII) Scheduled to Post Quarterly Earnings on Wednesday Evoke Pharma Inc (EVOK) Set to Announce Quarterly Earnings on Wednesday Brokerages Set WellCare Health Plans, Inc. (WCG) Target Price at $131.89 British Land Company PLC (BLND) Rating Reiterated by JPMorgan Chase & Co. Arrow Global Group PLC’s (ARW) Buy Rating Reiterated at Shore Capital Assured Guaranty Ltd. (AGO) Lowered to “Mkt Perform” at Keefe, Bruyette & Woods Paratek Pharmaceuticals Inc (PRTK) Upgraded at Zacks Investment Research Waste Management, Inc. (WM) Downgraded to “Equal Weight” at Barclays PLC Cantor Fitzgerald Reaffirms Buy Rating for Evolent Health Inc (EVH) Novavax, Inc. (NVAX) Earns Neutral Rating from Ladenburg Thalmann Financial Services Posted by Abby Graham on Mar 6th, 2017 // No Comments Tweet Ladenburg Thalmann Financial Services reiterated their neutral rating on shares of Novavax, Inc. (NASDAQ:NVAX) in a research note issued to investors on Wednesday. A number of other brokerages have also issued reports on NVAX. Zacks Investment Research lowered Novavax from a buy rating to a hold rating in a research report on Thursday, January 12th. Cantor Fitzgerald reissued a hold rating and issued a $2.00 target price on shares of Novavax in a research report on Friday, January 20th. Wedbush reissued a neutral rating and issued a $1.50 target price (down previously from $2.00) on shares of Novavax in a research report on Friday, November 11th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. reissued a hold rating on shares of Novavax in a research report on Thursday, November 10th. Finally, FBR & Co reissued an outperform rating and issued a $12.00 target price on shares of Novavax in a research report on Wednesday, January 18th. Seven investment analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating, three have issued a buy rating and one has assigned a strong buy rating to the company. Novavax currently has a consensus rating of Hold and an average target price of $5.61. Shares of Novavax (NASDAQ:NVAX) traded up 2.381% on Wednesday, hitting $1.505. The company had a trading volume of 3,831,230 shares. Novavax has a 12-month low of $1.16 and a 12-month high of $8.49. The firm has a 50-day moving average price of $1.40 and a 200 day moving average price of $2.42. The company’s market capitalization is $408.16 million. Novavax (NASDAQ:NVAX) last announced its earnings results on Monday, February 27th. The biopharmaceutical company reported ($0.21) earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, beating the Zacks’ consensus estimate of ($0.23) by $0.02. Novavax had a negative return on equity of 189.14% and a negative net margin of 1,908.41%. The business had revenue of $5.40 million for the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $5.45 million. During the same quarter last year, the firm earned ($0.29) EPS. Novavax’s revenue for the quarter was down 7.7% compared to the same quarter last year. Equities analysts expect that Novavax will post ($0.64) EPS for the current year. “Novavax, Inc. (NVAX) Earns Neutral Rating from Ladenburg Thalmann Financial Services” was first reported by Web Breaking News and is the sole property of of Web Breaking News. If you are viewing this piece on another site, it was illegally copied and reposted in violation of United States and international trademark and copyright legislation. The correct version of this piece can be accessed at http://www.webbreakingnews.com/2017/03/06/novavax-inc-nvax-earns-neutral-rating-from-ladenburg-thalmann-financial-services.html. A number of hedge funds and other institutional investors have recently bought and sold shares of NVAX. Wedbush Securities Inc. increased its position in Novavax by 3.1% in the third quarter. Wedbush Securities Inc. now owns 50,344 shares of the biopharmaceutical company’s stock worth $105,000 after buying an additional 1,534 shares in the last quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. increased its position in Novavax by 110.5% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 3,570,243 shares of the biopharmaceutical company’s stock worth $7,427,000 after buying an additional 1,873,773 shares in the last quarter. UBS Asset Management Americas Inc. increased its position in Novavax by 4.3% in the third quarter. UBS Asset Management Americas Inc. now owns 204,947 shares of the biopharmaceutical company’s stock worth $426,000 after buying an additional 8,400 shares in the last quarter. Geduld E E bought a new position in Novavax during the third quarter worth $104,000. Finally, Quantitative Investment Management LLC increased its position in Novavax by 100.4% in the third quarter. Quantitative Investment Management LLC now owns 557,700 shares of the biopharmaceutical company’s stock worth $1,160,000 after buying an additional 279,400 shares in the last quarter. Hedge funds and other institutional investors own 60.36% of the company’s stock. Novavax Company Profile Novavax, Inc (Novavax) is a clinical-stage vaccine company focused on the discovery, development and commercialization of recombinant nanoparticle vaccines and adjuvants. The Company operates through developing recombinant vaccines segment. The Company through its recombinant nanoparticle vaccine technology produces vaccine candidates to respond to both known and newly emerging diseases. Receive News & Ratings for Novavax Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Novavax Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter. « Previous Omeros Co. (OMER) Earns Buy Rating from Maxim Group Next » American Railcar Industries, Inc. (ARII) Downgraded to “Sell” at Zacks Investment Research Latest News Nike Suspends Relationship with Maria Sharapova Rob Bironas Ex-Titans Kicker Dies in Car Crash Ron Washington Leaves Texas Rangers Due to an Affair Jonathan Dwyer Falls in Line with Other Banned NFL Players Tony Stewart Case Going to the Grand Jury Oscar Pistorius “Blade Runner” Found Not Guilty of Murder Leave a Reply Click here to cancel reply. Name (Required) Mail (will not be published) (Required) Website   Home Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Headlines Investing © 2006-2017 Web Breaking News.
Google+ Singapore Weather Min. 24° | Max. 32° Air Quality: PSI 53-58 We set you thinking Tuesday 7 March 2017 Read the PDF print edition Main menu hot news Commentary Voices Singapore daily focus China & India World Business Tech Sports Entertainment Lifestyle Blogs Photos Videos Print Edition Management Impact SME Property newstream World South Korea says to 'actively' consider filing WTO complaint against China 1488876704 World Germany's Social Democrats lead Merkel's conservatives: INSA poll 1488874819 World Sudan disappointed at renewal of U.S. travel ban: foreign ministry 1488877598 World UK PM May should call an early election to cope with Brexit: Hague 1488874389 World Turkey military says chief meeting U.S., Russian counterparts on Syria 1488876287 World U.S. starts deploying anti-missile system in South Korea after defiant North's latest test 1488874910 World Malaysia says ready for 'five-year' stake-out at North Korea embassy 1488876420 World Bolivia's Morales will return to Cuba for small operation: media 1488873188 Business Tariff-free Brexit 'really important' for Ford's UK jobs 1488873023 World Malaysian police say foiled attack on Arab royalty ahead of Saudi king visit 1488872888 World Philippine minister asks Duterte to halt second mine review she earlier supported 1488874068 World Iraq security forces take Mosul's main government complex, museum building 1488862720 World What is the Thaad anti-missile system and why is China so against it? 1488862920 Singapore Singapore's mobile digital telco Circles.Life unveils 20GB data for S$20 1488866820 World Philippines' Duterte seeks "happy compromise" between environment and mining 1488873987 Entertainment Singapore designs to be given  global push with Time partnership 1488873700 World China opposes U.S. deployment of THAAD anti-missile system 1488871979 World North Korea bars Malaysians from leaving as murder row boils 1488866056 Entertainment Guitar gods to perform in Singapore 1488870120 World PAS' hudud bill: What is it and why is there concern over it? 1488868800 World Etihad tells travelers to check with U.S. missions after new Trump order 1488868022 World Iraqi forces capture central bank branch in Mosul, IS justice court: military spokesman 1488867320 Business Asian stocks climb, oil down amid U.S. supply glut concerns 1488869500 World Trump signs revised travel ban in bid to overcome legal challenges 1488841354 Lifestyle Multi-million dollar partnership announced for Singapore’s fly-cruise market 1488795360 World 'Hormonal' women need protecting, Indian minister says 1488869280 World Four drug suspects killed as Philippine police resume drugs war operations 1488866350 World Afghan police in volatile south complain of not being paid 1488850266 Singapore Original content and digital investments focus for Mediacorp moving forward 1488868906 Voices Include loose parts in playgrounds 1488868900 Singapore ITEs, polys to take more students based on talents, interests instead of just grades 1488861780 World 7 arrested IS militants had plans to attack Saudi king in KL 1488864240 Singapore Direct School Admission exercise cap raised to 20% for all schools: MOE 1488857040 Singapore More work-study programmes for ITE, tertiary students 1488860280 Sports S'pore Swimming Association to reward clubs for helping to produce national swimmers 1488860400 World Malaysian PM Najib calls on North Korea to release all Malaysians 1488863628 World Malaysian police seal off North Korean embassy in Kuala Lumpur 1488861996 Entertainment WWE show coming in June? 1488863498 World 11 Malaysians currently trapped in North Korea: Foreign ministry 1488861900 World North Korea says temporarily bans Malaysians from leaving the country 1488858906 World North Korea bans Malaysians from leaving in Kim spat 1488855600 Singapore Yellow taxis less prone to accidents than blue ones: NUS study 1488857460 World Malaysia says North Koreans not allowed to leave: Deputy PM 1488858833 World North Koreans wanted in murder case hiding in embassy-Malaysian police 1488858906 Singapore Normal stream students can take subjects at higher level from Sec One from 2018: MOE 1488858960 Singapore Affiliated schools to reserve 20% of places for non-affiliated students from 2019: MOE 1488857700 World In tit-for-tat, Malaysia bans North Korean embassy officials from leaving country 1488858240 World Australia says no plan for joint South China Sea patrols with Indonesia 1488856940 Singapore Traffic comes to a standstill at Punggol after accident on TPE 1488847500 World US moves parts of controversial missile-defence system to South Korea 1488854040 Business Banks could earn $332 million from wave of financial services deals A green traffic light is seen next to the logo of Germany's largest business bank, Deutsche Bank in Frankfurt. Photo: Reuters mail print View all comments Tweet Published: 1:50 AM, March 7, 2017 LONDON - A spate of big deals by financial services companies in Europe could earn investment banks an estimated $332 million in advisory fees, with Goldman Sachs <GS.N> set to take the lion's share of the pot. In the past two days, Standard Life <SL.L> revealed plans to buy Aberdeen Asset Management <ADN.L> and Deutsche Bank <DBKGn.DE> said it would raise 8 billion euros ($8.48 billion) from investors, potentially generating a big payday for investment banks working on those transactions. Earlier, British bank Shawbrook Group <SHAW.L> said it had received a $1 billion bid from two private equity firms. Goldman Sachs, which secured a major role in all three deals, has pocketed the highest fees from investment banking in the first two months of 2017 and pushing usual top dog JPMorgan <JPM.N> into third place. The U.S. bank could earn between $18 and $24 million for advising Standard Life while an additional $13 to $18 million could come from its advisory work with Shawbrook, according to estimates from Freeman Consulting. Aberdeen's corporate brokers, JPMorgan and Credit Suisse <CSGN.S>, which advised the Scottish asset manager on its sale, could share proceeds of between $23 and 30 million. But the biggest boost to investment banks' fees will come from Deutsche Bank's 8 billion euro share sale which could pay advisers up to 260 million euros, according to Freeman Consulting, based on underwriting fees of between 2 and 3.25 percent of the total raised. Goldman Sachs is one of eight banks underwriting Deutsche's the rights issue alongside Credit Suisse, Barclays <BARC.L>, BNP Paribas <BNPP.PA>, Commerzbank <CBKG.DE>, HSBC <HSBA.L>, Morgan Stanley <MS.N> and UniCredit <CRDI.MI>. The German bank will also pay more fees to a pool of banks underwriting the public offering of part of its asset management business, estimated at between 2.75 and 3.5 percent of the amount of money raised, according to Freeman. Appetite for big takeovers and fundraising deals in the financial services industry remains strong even if some have run up against regulatory and political hurdles. The long-awaited 29 billion euro merger of the London Stock Exchange <LSE.L> with German rival Deutsche Boerse <DB1Gn.DE> was expected to pay a combined $184 million in advisory fees. But this deal is hanging by a thread after LSE turned down demands from European antitrust regulators to sell a trading platform in Italy. Since the start of the year, nearly $10 billion of financial services takeover deals have been announced in Europe, the Middle East and Africa (EMEA), with Britain accounting for almost half of the value, according to Thomson Reuters data. Equity capital markets deals across EMEA have almost doubled since the start of the year, with $36.7 billion of equity fundraisings since January compared with $21.3 billion in the same period last year. Italy's biggest bank UniCredit, which tapped investors in February, is expected to pay about $450 million to Goldman Sachs and other banks who worked on its 13 billion euro share sale, according to Freeman Consulting. REUTERS mail print View all comments Tweet Recommended For You   More Stories For You The Most Business READ COMMENTED “India really means business”: Iswaran ’appy iPhone users as WhatsApp Web goes iOS ‘Your fried rice’s ready, Chef’ ‘Unicorns’ face up to reality of new dotcom bubble ‘Tweaks' to property cooling measures worth exploring, say industry players Yuan may be disturbed in short term, but will follow fundamentals in long run: central banker You’re never alone in the office of the future Yellen says rate plans based on current conditions, not possible Trump policy Yellen points to March rate hike as Fed signals end of easy money Years-long dream of European exchange ended in half an hour Yahoo says about 32 million accounts accessed using 'forged cookies' Yahoo CEO Marissa Mayer loses bonus, top lawyer resigns in wake of massive security breaches Xi says China must 'unswervingly' crackdown on financial irregularities Women on SGX-listed boards earn 43.2% less than men With businesses split on U.S. border tax, wider reform looks shaky Inside Today World Sudan disappointed at renewal of U.S. travel ban: foreign ministry South Korea says to 'actively' consider filing WTO complaint against China Malaysia says ready for 'five-year' stake-out at North Korea embassy Turkey military says chief meeting U.S., Russian counterparts on Syria U.S. starts deploying anti-missile system in South Korea after defiant North's latest test Business Tariff-free Brexit 'really important' for Ford's UK jobs Asian stocks climb, oil down amid U.S. supply glut concerns Consumer Reports to consider cyber security in product reviews VW expects to sanction more employees in emissions scandal: chairman Asian stocks flat, euro slides on French election concerns Sports S'pore Swimming Association to reward clubs for helping to produce national swimmers Young Dutch footballers shoot down aliens before scoring goals Value of S.League stint for Young Lions questioned Quah-Schooling showdown on the cards at NCAA Malaysia wants Asian Cup match against North Korea moved to neutral venue Entertainment Singapore designs to be given  global push with Time partnership Guitar gods to perform in Singapore WWE show coming in June? Netflix commissions original Korean zombie series 'Kingdom' Singaplural presents designs of the future About TODAY Apps RSS Sitemap Syndication Contact Us Advertise with Us Terms & Conditions About MediaCorp Copyright 2017 © Mediacorp Press Ltd. All Rights Reserved. Mediacorp News Group
ETF News Best ETFs Top Rated ETFs Best ETF Categories ETF Screener Tools ETF Screener Find Whats In Your ETF Find What ETFs Hold Your Stock Find ETFs By Leverage Find ETFs By Asset Class Free Newsletter Search JPMorgan Joins Growing List Of U.S. Banks Calling For A Big Stock Pullback March 6, 2017 11:06am NYSE:IVV ShareTweet From Tyler Durden: First it was Goldman, then Citigroup, now, completing the trifecta of suddenly bearish big banks is JPMorgan, whose US equity strategist Dubravko Lakos-Bujas writes that while the fundamental backdrop remains supporting, the “short-term downside risk” in the S&P is increasing. JPM released the note after the S&P hit the bank’s year end price target of 2,400. Unlike Bank of America, JPM has not rushed to raise it year-end bogey, yet. As JPM writes, the S&P 500 reached the bank’s price target of 2,400 last week. The market is up 11% since the US election driven by intra-cycle expansion, pro-business agenda of the new administration, and improving sentiment. Despite the challenging path forward for fiscal legislation with passage and efficacy far from certain, business and investor confidence is high. It is increasingly evident that the market has been pricing in pro-growth policy reforms. The beneficiaries of corporate tax reform (JPAMTAXP +16% vs S&P 500 +11%), deregulation (JPAMDREG +24%), and infrastructure spending (JPAMINFR +24%) have significantly outperformed since the US election. At the same time, the largest US importers (JPAMIMPR +3%) and companies sensitive to wages (JPAMWAGE +3%) have underperformed. Over the medium-term, progrowth policy reforms and solid fundamentals should likely result in higher equity values. However, the Croatian strategist notes, “in the near-term we see increasing risk of a sell-off due to more hawkish Fed rhetoric at a time when investor positioning is stretched and equity volatility is likely to rise from low levels.” Some more details on JPM’s bearish warning: Downside risk in the short-term? Hedge Fund exposure to equities is approaching record levels as Macro and Long/Short Equity funds each exhibit ~95th percentile beta to equities (see Figure 1). Short positions across stocks, ETFs and equity futures remain near 10-year lows (see Figure 2). Low sector and equity correlations as well as option dynamics have suppressed equity volatility in recent weeks. A decrease in either of these drivers would result in higher equity volatility, leading systematic strategies to reduce their elevated equity exposures. Additionally, the recent hawkish shift by the Fed (March hike probability spiked to 96% from 40% in the last week) could pressure the already high S&P 500 equity multiple of 18.6x (based on our 2017 policy-neutral $128 EPS estimate). So sell in March and go away? Not exactly, more like wait for the dip and buy it aggressively, as the “Medium-term equities likely remain supported by: (1) continued expansion in JPM business cycle indicators (QMI) domestically and abroad (see page 4); (2) solid fundamental backdrop reinforced by encouraging 4Q results and earnings guidance (see pages 5-6); (3) likelihood of pro-growth policy reforms, which we estimate could add an additional ~$8 to S&P 500 EPS.” And while JPM has yet to revise its year end target higher, following the anticipated near-term swoon, the bank’s chief strategist hints that such a move may be coming: Encouraging corporate guidance and consensus earnings trend reinforce our 2017 policy-neutral S&P 500 EPS target of $128. 4Q16 earnings season delivered a record-high S&P 500 EPS of $31.37 (+6.3% y/y vs. +4.6% est.) on 4% revenue growth and better than expected margin expansion (10.4% actual vs. 10.2% estimate). Additionally, we came away from this earnings season incrementally more constructive on growth based on guidance. While guidance and earnings revisions are typically negative at beginning of the year, the adjustment this year has been minor compared to recent years. In particular, corporate guidance was the best in last five years, providing little reason for the Street to aggressively revise down estimates (2017E EPS is down only 1.2% YTD vs. ~5% during prior two years). This activity supports our view for high-single-digit EPS growth this year driven by mid-single-digit organic sales growth, some margin expansion (improving operating leverage and expense rationalization), and continued share repurchases. For now, the market remains remarkably resilient to ay and all such warnings, and in fact continues to propel higher despite increasingly vocal cautions by some of the most prominent sellside strategists. The iShares S&P 500 Index ETF (NYSE:IVV) was trading at $238.58 per share on Monday morning, down $1.39 (-0.58%). Year-to-date, IVV has gained 6.04%, versus a 6.07% rise in the benchmark S&P 500 index during the same period. IVV currently has an ETF Daily News SMART Grade of A (Strong Buy), and is ranked #2 of 109 ETFs in the Large Cap Blend ETFs category. This article is brought to you courtesy of ZeroHedge. Tags: Equity JPMorgan Chase NYSE:IVV S&P 500 Categories: NYSE:IVV Read Next JPMorgan Crushes Expectations In Q4 Report, As Profit Jumps 8% BlackRock: We Prefer Stocks Over Bonds In 2017 Stocks Are Long Overdue Major Correction Don’t Count On GDP Growth To Power Stock Returns Anymore Short-Term Danger Lurks Following Friday’s 2.4% Pullback in the S&P 500 Recommended for You Get Free Updates Join over 50,000 investors who get the latest news from ETFDailyNews.com! Subscribe Most Popular Winklevoss Bitcoin ETF Decision Due This Week: Bitcoin To $2,000? Can The Dow Jones Industrial Average Manage Another New High This Week? Dow Jones Industrial Average Inflation-Adjusted Returns Since 2000? Just 25% Our Exclusive Tools Best ETFs List Best ETF Categories ETF Screener Find Whats In Your ETF Find What ETF Holds Your Stock Search ETFs By Leverage Search ETFs By Asset Class Sponsored Content From Our Partners Explore More from ETFDailyNews.com Free Daily Newsletter Get daily ETF insights from our market experts. Never miss another important market development again! Sign Me Up ETFDailyNews.com respects your privacy. Best ETFs We've rated and ranked nearly 2,000 ETFs and ETNs using our proprietary SMART Grade system. View Top Rated ETFs Best Categories We've ranked dozens of ETF categories based on relative performance. Best ETF Categories ©2017 ETF Daily News About Us | Authors | Contact Us | Terms of Use
X Edition: United States Business Business Home Legal Deals Aerospace & Defense Finance Autos Reuters Summits ADventures Data Dive Markets Markets Home U.S. Markets European Markets Asian Markets Global Market Data Stocks Bonds Currencies Commodities Futures Funds Earnings Dividends World World Home U.S. Special Reports Reuters Investigates Euro Zone Middle East China Japan Mexico Brazil Africa Russia India Politics Politics Home Polling Explorer Live: Trump's First 100 Days Supreme Court Tech Technology Home Science Top 100 Global Innovators Media Environment Innovation Commentary Commentary Home Podcasts Breakingviews Breakingviews Home Breakingviews Video Money Money Home Retirement Lipper Awards Analyst Research Stock Screener Fund Screener Life Health Sports Arts Entertainment Oddly Enough Pictures Pictures Home The Wider Image Photographers Focus 360 Video Banks could earn $332 million from wave of financial services deals Africa América Latina عربي Argentina Brasil Canada 中国 Deutschland España France India Italia 日本 México РОССИЯ United Kingdom United States Deals | Mon Mar 6, 2017 | 12:12pm EST Banks could earn $332 million from wave of financial services deals A green traffic light is seen next to the logo of Germany's largest business bank, Deutsche Bank in Frankfurt, Germany, October 27, 2016. REUTERS/Kai Pfaffenbach By Pamela Barbaglia | LONDON LONDON A spate of big deals by financial services companies in Europe could earn investment banks an estimated $332 million in advisory fees, with Goldman Sachs (GS.N) set to take the lion's share of the pot. In the past two days, Standard Life (SL.L) revealed plans to buy Aberdeen Asset Management (ADN.L) and Deutsche Bank (DBKGn.DE) said it would raise 8 billion euros ($8.48 billion) from investors, potentially generating a big payday for investment banks working on those transactions. Earlier, British bank Shawbrook Group (SHAW.L) said it had received a $1 billion bid from two private equity firms. Goldman Sachs, which secured a major role in all three deals, has pocketed the highest fees from investment banking in the first two months of 2017 and pushing usual top dog JPMorgan (JPM.N) into third place. The U.S. bank could earn between $18 and $24 million for advising Standard Life while an additional $13 to $18 million could come from its advisory work with Shawbrook, according to estimates from Freeman Consulting. Aberdeen's corporate brokers, JPMorgan and Credit Suisse (CSGN.S), which advised the Scottish asset manager on its sale, could share proceeds of between $23 and 30 million. But the biggest boost to investment banks' fees will come from Deutsche Bank's 8 billion euro share sale which could pay advisers up to 260 million euros, according to Freeman Consulting, based on underwriting fees of between 2 and 3.25 percent of the total raised. Goldman Sachs is one of eight banks underwriting Deutsche's the rights issue alongside Credit Suisse, Barclays (BARC.L), BNP Paribas (BNPP.PA), Commerzbank (CBKG.DE), HSBC (HSBA.L), Morgan Stanley (MS.N) and UniCredit (CRDI.MI). The German bank will also pay more fees to a pool of banks underwriting the public offering of part of its asset management business, estimated at between 2.75 and 3.5 percent of the amount of money raised, according to Freeman. Appetite for big takeovers and fundraising deals in the financial services industry remains strong even if some have run up against regulatory and political hurdles. The long-awaited 29 billion euro merger of the London Stock Exchange (LSE.L) with German rival Deutsche Boerse (DB1Gn.DE) was expected to pay a combined $184 million in advisory fees. But this deal is hanging by a thread after LSE turned down demands from European antitrust regulators to sell a trading platform in Italy. Since the start of the year, nearly $10 billion of financial services takeover deals have been announced in Europe, the Middle East and Africa (EMEA), with Britain accounting for almost half of the value, according to Thomson Reuters data. Equity capital markets deals across EMEA have almost doubled since the start of the year, with $36.7 billion of equity fundraisings since January compared with $21.3 billion in the same period last year. Italy's biggest bank UniCredit, which tapped investors in February, is expected to pay about $450 million to Goldman Sachs and other banks who worked on its 13 billion euro share sale, according to Freeman Consulting. (Reporting By Pamela Barbaglia. Editing by Jane Merriman) Next In Deals Exclusive: Cameco explores U.S. mines sale as uranium slump drags on - CEO TORONTO Canada's Cameco Corp , the world's second-biggest uranium producer, is exploring the sale of its U.S. production facilities, its chief executive said on Monday, as a six-year industry slump drags on. Saudi Aramco to list locally and abroad in second half of 2018: CEO MANAMA Oil giant Saudi Aramco will be listed locally and abroad in the second half of 2018, and the process is going according to plans, Chief Executive Amin Nasser said on Monday. PSA targets Opel turnaround as GM exits Europe PARIS/FRANKFURT France's PSA Group plans to buy Opel from General Motors in a deal valuing the business at 2.2 billion euros ($2.3 billion), creating a new European car company to challenge market leader Volkswagen . MORE FROM REUTERS Sponsored Content From Around the WebPromoted by Revcontent Trending Stories Pictures Photos of the day Sponsored Topics X Follow Reuters: Follow Us On Twitter Follow Us On Facebook Follow Us On RSS Follow Us On Instagram Follow Us On YouTube Follow Us On LinkedIn Subscribe: Feeds | Newsletters | Podcasts | Apps Reuters News Agency | Brand Attribution Guidelines | Careers Reuters is the news and media division of Thomson Reuters. Thomson Reuters is the world's largest international multimedia news agency, providing investing news, world news, business news, technology news, headline news, small business news, news alerts, personal finance, stock market, and mutual funds information available on Reuters.com, video, mobile, and interactive television platforms. Learn more about Thomson Reuters products: Eikon Information, analytics and exclusive news on financial markets - delivered in an intuitive desktop and mobile interface Elektron Everything you need to empower your workflow and enhance your enterprise data management World-Check Screen for heightened risk individual and entities globally to help uncover hidden risks in business relationships and human networks Westlaw Build the strongest argument relying on authoritative content, attorney-editor expertise, and industry defining technology ONESOURCE The most comprehensive solution to manage all your complex and ever-expanding tax and compliance needs CHECKPOINT The industry leader for online information for tax, accounting and finance professionals All quotes delayed a minimum of 15 minutes. See here for a complete list of exchanges and delays. Site Feedback Corrections Advertising Guidelines Cookies Terms of Use Privacy Policy
Channel NewsAsia Return to Mobile Site Banks could earn US$332 million from wave of financial services deals News TV Connect Watch Live 0 My Playlist Sign In Menu News Asia Pacific Singapore World Business Sport Entertainment Technology Health Lifestyle Videos Weather MORE Photos Special Reports Archives Services PSI Live Shows News Schedule Features On The Ground Specials Facebook Twitter Linkedin YouTube Mobile SMS eNews RSS Return to Mobile Site Business International Business Banks could earn US$332 million from wave of financial services deals A spate of big deals by financial services companies in Europe could earn investment banks an estimated US$332 million in advisory fees, with Goldman Sachs set to take the lion's share of the pot. Posted 07 Mar 2017 01:15 A green traffic light is seen next to the logo of Germany's largest business bank, Deutsche Bank in Frankfurt, Germany, October 27, 2016. REUTERS/Kai Pfaffenbach Enlarge Caption  Email More A A LONDON: A spate of big deals by financial services companies in Europe could earn investment banks an estimated US$332 million in advisory fees, with Goldman Sachs set to take the lion's share of the pot. In the past two days, Standard Life revealed plans to buy Aberdeen Asset Management and Deutsche Bank said it would raise 8 billion euros (US$8.48 billion) from investors, potentially generating a big payday for investment banks working on those transactions. Earlier, British bank Shawbrook Group said it had received a US$1 billion bid from two private equity firms. Goldman Sachs, which secured a major role in all three deals, has pocketed the highest fees from investment banking in the first two months of 2017 and pushing usual top dog JPMorgan into third place. The U.S. bank could earn between US$18 and US$24 million for advising Standard Life while an additional US$13 to US$18 million could come from its advisory work with Shawbrook, according to estimates from Freeman Consulting. Aberdeen's corporate brokers, JPMorgan and Credit Suisse , which advised the Scottish asset manager on its sale, could share proceeds of between US$23 and 30 million. But the biggest boost to investment banks' fees will come from Deutsche Bank's 8 billion euro share sale which could pay advisers up to 260 million euros, according to Freeman Consulting, based on underwriting fees of between 2 and 3.25 percent of the total raised. Goldman Sachs is one of eight banks underwriting Deutsche's the rights issue alongside Credit Suisse, Barclays , BNP Paribas , Commerzbank , HSBC , Morgan Stanley and UniCredit . The German bank will also pay more fees to a pool of banks underwriting the public offering of part of its asset management business, estimated at between 2.75 and 3.5 percent of the amount of money raised, according to Freeman. Appetite for big takeovers and fundraising deals in the financial services industry remains strong even if some have run up against regulatory and political hurdles. The long-awaited 29 billion euro merger of the London Stock Exchange with German rival Deutsche Boerse was expected to pay a combined US$184 million in advisory fees. But this deal is hanging by a thread after LSE turned down demands from European antitrust regulators to sell a trading platform in Italy. Since the start of the year, nearly US$10 billion of financial services takeover deals have been announced in Europe, the Middle East and Africa (EMEA), with Britain accounting for almost half of the value, according to Thomson Reuters data. Equity capital markets deals across EMEA have almost doubled since the start of the year, with US$36.7 billion of equity fundraisings since January compared with US$21.3 billion in the same period last year. Italy's biggest bank UniCredit, which tapped investors in February, is expected to pay about US$450 million to Goldman Sachs and other banks who worked on its 13 billion euro share sale, according to Freeman Consulting. (Reporting By Pamela Barbaglia. Editing by Jane Merriman) - Reuters Email More YOU MAY ALSO LIKE From Our Website From the Web Happening Now new window view more sentifi.com Channel News Asia - Sentifi topic widget My Facebook Friends Back To Top JUMP TO Select Section Asia Pacific Singapore World Business Sport Entertainment Technology Health Lifestyle Videos Weather Photos Special Reports Archives Services PSI Navigate to: News TV Connect Watch Live GET OUR APPS iPhone/iPad Android Get Our News Facebook Twitter Linkedin YouTube Mobile SMS eNews RSS News Asia Pacific World Sport Technology Lifestyle Photos Archives Singapore Business Entertainment Health Videos Special Reports TV Live News Schedule Shows Services Weather ADVERTISE WITH US Online Mobile TV Contact Sales Channel NewsAsia Channel News Asia About Us Coverage Hotel Partners Events & Seminars Presenters & Correspondents Contact Us Mediacorp Mediacorp News Group © 2017 About Mediacorp Pte Ltd Terms and Conditions Privacy Policy Back To Top
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad Banks could earn $332 million from wave of financial services deals By Reuters Published: 12:10 EST, 6 March 2017 | Updated: 12:10 EST, 6 March 2017 e-mail By Pamela Barbaglia LONDON, March 6 (Reuters) - A spate of big deals by financial services companies in Europe could earn investment banks an estimated $332 million in advisory fees, with Goldman Sachs set to take the lion's share of the pot. In the past two days, Standard Life revealed plans to buy Aberdeen Asset Management and Deutsche Bank said it would raise 8 billion euros ($8.48 billion) from investors, potentially generating a big payday for investment banks working on those transactions. Earlier, British bank Shawbrook Group said it had received a $1 billion bid from two private equity firms. Goldman Sachs, which secured a major role in all three deals, has pocketed the highest fees from investment banking in the first two months of 2017 and pushing usual top dog JPMorgan into third place. The U.S. bank could earn between $18 and $24 million for advising Standard Life while an additional $13 to $18 million could come from its advisory work with Shawbrook, according to estimates from Freeman Consulting. Aberdeen's corporate brokers, JPMorgan and Credit Suisse , which advised the Scottish asset manager on its sale, could share proceeds of between $23 and 30 million. But the biggest boost to investment banks' fees will come from Deutsche Bank's 8 billion euro share sale which could pay advisers up to 260 million euros, according to Freeman Consulting, based on underwriting fees of between 2 and 3.25 percent of the total raised. Goldman Sachs is one of eight banks underwriting Deutsche's the rights issue alongside Credit Suisse, Barclays, BNP Paribas, Commerzbank, HSBC, Morgan Stanley and UniCredit. The German bank will also pay more fees to a pool of banks underwriting the public offering of part of its asset management business, estimated at between 2.75 and 3.5 percent of the amount of money raised, according to Freeman. Appetite for big takeovers and fundraising deals in the financial services industry remains strong even if some have run up against regulatory and political hurdles. The long-awaited 29 billion euro merger of the London Stock Exchange with German rival Deutsche Boerse was expected to pay a combined $184 million in advisory fees. But this deal is hanging by a thread after LSE turned down demands from European antitrust regulators to sell a trading platform in Italy. Since the start of the year, nearly $10 billion of financial services takeover deals have been announced in Europe, the Middle East and Africa (EMEA), with Britain accounting for almost half of the value, according to Thomson Reuters data. Equity capital markets deals across EMEA have almost doubled since the start of the year, with $36.7 billion of equity fundraisings since January compared with $21.3 billion in the same period last year. Italy's biggest bank UniCredit, which tapped investors in February, is expected to pay about $450 million to Goldman Sachs and other banks who worked on its 13 billion euro share sale, according to Freeman Consulting. ($1 = 0.9439 euros) (Reporting By Pamela Barbaglia. Editing by Jane Merriman) Share or comment on this article e-mail Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS Happy birthday partner! Ryan Gosling joins Eva Mendes as she celebrates turning 43 with family in Los Angeles His leading lady Corrie's Tina O'Brien admits she's putting off planning her wedding to fiancé Adam Crofts... and says her daughter wants her to wear a 'meringue dress' Anything for her princess! Pregnant Beyonce dresses five-year-old Blue Ivy in £21K silk-chiffon Gucci dress for Beauty And The Beast premiere BBC viewers are left RAGING as it's revealed the winners of Gary Barlow's Let It Shine will only be backing singers and NOT feature as a Take That-style band 'I forgive you for not always being there': Lily Collins pens an open letter to her music legend father forgiving him for 'not being the dad I expected' TV presenter Cherry Healey talks about lunch on the go, her three-year-old son's love of healthy eating as she tries M&S' new sushi  SPONSORED Flop Gear: Two million viewers abandon BBC's tribute act to Clarkson and Co - CHRISTOPHER STEVENS reviews last night's TV 'I'm maternal': Kate Moss discusses her model protégés as she stages her first talent agency photoshoot for VOGUE magazine The model mother PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: One way to pass the time! Lauren Goodger swaps swimwear for lingerie as she flaunts slim figure in lace body on boozy Dubai trip I'm not exactly wealthy, says Joan Collins (who is worth £24million): Star, 83, blasts suggestion she is rich because she has no 'f**** you' money It's Kim the movie star! Kardashian makes her Oceans Eight cameo... and bares her figure in sheer lace gown Back to (big screen) business 'Be beautiful': Irina Shayk stuns in cleavage-baring snapshot of herself in sheer lace bralette Was up front with her Instagram followers 'I love my wife a lot': Joe Manganiello reveals he flew across the country to take wife Sofia Vergara on their first date... as he gushes she is 'the one' He should be so lucky! Window washer stumbles upon Kylie Minogue in her Sydney hotel room and the good sport singer poses for a cheeky snap  'Miss you so much papa!' Sheridan Smith dedicates fourth Olivier Award nomination to late father Colin after being recognised for leading role in Funny Girl 'They are real divas': Call The Midwife's Charlotte Ritchie discusses the perils of working with newborn babies... as she teases upcoming wedding plot 'I didn't see that coming!': Emmerdale fans are left in shock as Joanie Wright suddenly dies minutes after being released from prison Unexpected shock EXCLUSIVE: 'I'm 18 weeks pregnant!' MIC finally teases the moment Binky Felstead tells her gobsmacked pals she's expecting a baby in the first trailer Worse for wear Julianne Hough and Nina Dobrev show some battle scars from wild bachelorette weekend as they return home to Los Angeles EXCLUSIVE: Trouble brewing? Louis Tomlinson gets the coffees in at his LA home as he calls in 'Mad Dog' lawyer to oversee airport bust-up defence  Suits you! Emma Watson wears two glamorous outfits for TV appearance...after defending herself as a feminist She means business 'Haters will say it's photoshopped': Kim Kardashian posts tongue-in-cheek Snapchat photo of hourglass figure Poking fun Smooch! Bella Thorne and Chandler Parsons share steamy make-out session during holiday in Mexico Another day, another new beau 'I wanted John Bishop to smash it - all it's done is make me want to smash my TV': ITV's troubled Nightly Show gets a new host but is STILL slammed by fans Rihanna is covered up in HUGE lime green coat... while braless supermodels bare ALL at Fenty x Puma Paris Fashion Week extravaganza Lily Donaldson shows off her incredible figure as she struts onto Rihanna's Fenty x Puma PFW runway in a tiny yellow crop top and sporty shorts Stella Maxwell leaves nothing to the imagination as she flashes entire underboob at Rihanna's Fenty x Puma PFW show 'Dream's cousin Reign is the sweetest': Rob Kardashian shares heart-melting video of Kourtney's son kissing his baby daughter A mother's love Playtime! Chrissy Teigen shares fun Snapchat video with daughter Luna after revealing she's being treated for postpartum depression 'She is absolutely stealing this series': Julie Hesmondhalgh is praised for her role as a rape victim... but viewers are left alarmed with police treatment The victim is terrorised again and her husband destroys evidence...The dark secrets were just beginning in Broadchurch, by Jim Shelley  No Bad Blood here! Tom Hiddleston poses backstage with Taylor Swift's longtime pal Ed Sheeran Still pals with her squad despite split Could there be terror on the cobbles? Corrie's Rob Donovan is pictured back at ITV studios after his character got sentenced for 25 years for killing Tina McIntyre  FIRST LOOK! Former Lois & Clark star Teri Hatcher returns to comic book genre as she debuts on Supergirl... as a villain Played Lois Lane  Jennifer Lopez flaunts her ample cleavage and hourglass curves in a figure-hugging grey dress as she films Watch What Happens Live Superstar Adele gifts three-year-old with chronic lung condition tickets to her Brisbane concert... after the little girl used her songs to 'learn to sing again' Smoking hot! Jonah Hill puffs on cigarette as he shows off slimmer frame in denim on solo outing Looked slimmer than ever 'I should f**k Miley Cyrus': Nick Cannon rambles on YouTube after 'leaving the No. 1 show on TV to promote a mix tape' Bizarre clip  'Young love!' Bella Hadid and Yolanda Foster give Anwar and his older girlfriend Nicola Peltz their blessings as they post sweet kissing snap Workout queen! Bella Thorne flashes flesh in revealing mesh top and black bra for aerobics session Not exactly the usual gym gear 'Little legends': Chris Hemsworth posts VERY cute snap of his two sons after overhearing their hilarious advice for not 'being eaten by a crocodile' in Byron Bay Katie Maloney cries after Lisa Vanderpump declines to officiate her wedding on Vanderpump Rules Keeps arguing with her fiancé Doing a Taylor? Kylie Minogue reveals breakup album following her split with Joshua Sasse as she stuns in slinky slip dress at Specsavers event 'Can we please just do it?' Kylie Minogue reaffirms support for Oz marriage equality after ex-fiance Joshua Sasse ditches their Say I Do Down Under campaign  Supermarket sweep! Charlize Theron swaps haute couture for laidback chic as she steps out in a pair of burgundy joggers while grocery shopping in LA Make-up free Mena Suvari works up a sweat at Cycle for Survival to support rare cancer research Got on her bike for charity  The mane attraction! Jennifer Lopez is a modern day Rapunzel as she rocks an impossibly long ponytail Rapunzel, Rapunzel, let down your hair! Laura Whitmore shows off her enviably slender pins in a pair of skin-tight leather trousers as she attends musical showcase in Soho  EXCLUSIVE 'I cry when I'm tired and hungry': Jourdan Dunn on toll of modelling, quitting her 'heavy' dependency on psychics and starstruck partying with Beyoncé Who's that? Marion Cotillard sheds demure image with long locks and plumped lips in shots from new film Share sultry photos from her latest comedy 'Chill out people!' Madonna posts sweet snap of newly adopted twins as she teases Rebel Heart DVD release Going strong! Felicity Huffman shines in black dress with plunging neckline at gala with William H. Macy in NYC She's never looked better  Taking tips? Pregnant Cheryl posts adoring comment on pal Kimberley Walsh's mothering snap... as speculation rumbles over baby's birth David Beckham dons his best tweed flat cap to shoot an advert in the park in London... and brings along his beloved pooch Olive as his co-star Fast woman! Rita Ora covers up in quirky off-duty ensemble as she arrives back in Paris for more Fashion Week fun after last week's flying visit to the capital Newly engaged Samira Wiley hits Miami for bachelorette party with OINTB costars Danielle Brooks and Uzo Aduba Carole King stuns the West End cast of Beautiful as she makes a surprise visit to see them perform her hits Left the leading lady of the musical gobsmacked Flying solo! Makeup free Ruby Rose leaves Sydney Airport without her popstar girlfriend Jessica Origliasso following loved-up display The Force is no longer with him! Ewan McGregor is unrecognisable as overweight and balding criminal in teaser for new season of Fargo Top of the crops! Julianne Hough shows off her abs of steel in gym photoshoot Looked super fit as she posed up a storm at the gym 'I quit drugs': SNL's Pete Davidson, 23, admits he's 'happy and sober' for the first time in eight years Emotional post on Monday Talk about a babyface! Lisa Kudrow, 53, looks ageless in black as she stars at Boss Baby event in Beverly Hills Never seems to get any older Walking to the end together! Ian Somerhalder and Nikki Reed hold hands on stroll ahead of Vampire Diaries series finale All bite on the night Jack Cassidy from The Partridge Family group tries out on The Voice and picks Alicia Keys to be his coach The Voice could bring back a new era Salma Hayek stuns in a lace column dress at the Alexander McQueen PFW Show... before nipping across town to catch Rihanna's new collection  The couple that dresses together... Lionel Richie, 67, matches in black with younger girlfriend Lisa Parigi Out and about Emma Roberts' Range Rover 'hit a tree at her tequila-themed birthday party after valet forgot to put vehicle in park' Not the best surprise when she left Leather and lace! Kristen Bell pairs white patterned top with black mini skirt for NBC party in Hollywood Always looks the part Victoria's Secret Angel Elsa Hosk gives Paris Fashion Week a miss and pounds the New York sidewalk in a casual white beanie and stylish forest green coat The ride of his life! Dita Von Teese gives her Devonshire Rex cat Aleister a lift on top of her designer luggage as she makes her way through LAX Baby One More Time! Britney Spears does grueling crunches as she preps for Vegas residency She is focused on fitness for her return to stage Bra-vo! Elisha Cuthbert exposes her undergarment in gray sheer top at premiere for Goon: Last Of The Enforcers Sheer delight 'He needed a wheelchair!' Kate Garraway reveals two-week sex challenge with husband ended in A&E... as she relives crotch-less knicker HORROR Lady in red! Brooke Shields is radiant in sleeveless dress at fundraising gala in NYC Brooke wore her long brunette hair loose and sleekly styled She's ripped! Hilary Duff shows off her toned legs in torn skinny jeans as she goes on a coffee run in LA  Needed a caffeine fix as she ran errands Heather Locklear looks happy and healthy as she suns herself in a bikini on Hawaii break with daughter Ava after rehab rumors Meryl Streep and Tom Hanks to team up onscreen for the first time in Steven Spielberg drama The Post Two Oscar-winning legends unite PICTURE EXCLUSIVE Marriage is a walk in the park! Michelle Keegan joins husband Mark Wright for a stroll with dogs... after shooting down 'marital strife'  Englishwoman in New York! Trudie Styler looks effortlessly stylish without husband Sting at Our Dream Of Water premiere Looked chic Ashley Tisdale works up a sweat at the gym after slamming Twitter troll who said she looked 'pregnant' High School Musical star was back to working out Bringing the 90s back! Sofia Richie looks hip in over-sized denim jacket and retro sunglasses The 18-year-old looked casual in a pair of baggy Givenchy track pants A flare for fashion! Karlie Kloss steps out in baggy red trousers as she stretches her legs in New York Rocking some chic Seventies style EXCLUSIVE! 'My gut said don't do it': MIC's resident musician Julius Cowdrey reveals he had the chance to be on The Voice and X Factor... but it didn't feel right 'I'm really happy': Vanderpump Rules star Scheana Shay gushes about new boyfriend Robert Valletta Split from her husband in November  She's a Barbie girl! Sophie Monk proves she's still a kid at heart as she posts a bizarre video of her playing dolls with her niece A very pregnant Beyonce dazzles in emerald gown as Jay Z and Blue Ivy look on at premiere of Beauty And The Beast in newly released images She's a catwalk queen after all... Chuckling Bella Hadid is presented with tiara by vying admirer while looking slick in white suit during Paris outing Dancing On Ice'to make a surprise comeback' three years after it was axed... as ITV bosses 'believe the decision to cancel the show was a mistake'  Oops! Farrah Abraham suffers wardrobe malfunction as she spills out of VERY revealing bikini during shoot in LA Harry Potter And The Cursed Child is up for ELEVEN Olivier awards...the most ever for a new West End play  Wowing critics and audiences 'Anyone who has success in this industry is marginalized!' Cate Blanchett defends 'cultural elite' and says her moral compass is in her VAGINA  Here comes Heidi! Klum looks set to make a cameo appearance in Ocean's Eight as she's pictured on set There is a very impressive line up Sweet like candy! Millie Mackintosh struts her way to a meeting in Paris in a bubblegum pink power suit with feathered cuffs Specs appeal! Atlanta de Cadenet Taylor rocks the geek chic look in overalls, glasses and a cardigan Biking around! Pierce Brosnan enjoys a beachside bicycle ride with wife Keely Shaye Smith James Bond's ride of choice is an Aston Martin Brooklyn Beckham sparks rumours his romance with Chloe Moretz is back on as the exes engage in cryptic social media interaction six months after split 'It's not been the easiest times of late': Kylie Minogue breaks her silence on split from fiance Joshua Sasse revealing 'I have no regrets' Her two biggest hits! Iggy Azalea flaunts her artificial assets in a VERY racy swimsuit and thigh-high boots after announcing her rap comeback 'Things can go amazingly and there can be ups and downs': Ruby Rose speaks about her relationship with girlfriend Jessica Origliasso Tea time! Reese Witherspoon wears flirty dress as she picks up iced beverage in LA day after her hit series Big Little Lies airs riveting episode An epic voyage cast adrift in a sea of tears and whingeing: CHRISTOPHER STEVENS reviews last night's TV  Louis Tomlinson fans 'send airport bust-up girl 2,000 online threats making her too scared to leave her house'  Ana Becerra, 22 He's got specs appeal! Justin Bieber wears his favourite glasses and flaunts his tattooed biceps as he exercises and heads to skate park before Perth show 'I look stupid skinny!' Amy Schumer reveals she hated her body after shedding pounds for Trainwreck 'I'm what Hollywood calls, very fat' 'Everybody was so nice!' Paris Jackson gushes about making her acting debut on Fox TV musical drama Star Plays a social media guru  Tess Holliday shares sweet snap of son Bowie in the buff - and threatens to block anyone who deems the image 'inappropriate' They're out! Original Real Housewives Of New Jersey cast members Jacqueline Laurita and Kathy Wakile 'axed from season eight' Warrant out for Azealia Banks after she fails to attend a court session related to 2015 incident in which she allegedly bit female nightclub bouncer's breast PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: You know that I want you! Lady Gaga gives Christian Carino a lingering kiss... while he offers her his jacket on night out 'This film is one of inclusiveness!' Josh Gad praises Beauty And The Beast for embracing 'unity' as he plays Disney's first gay character Buckle up! Brie Larson puts on a leggy display in 1960s-inspired mini-dress as she hits promotional trail for Kong: Skull Island Chic Melissa George makes rare public appearance at Hermes show at Paris Fashion Week after alleged domestic violence incident with partner Winning! Jon Cryer to make big return to TV after two-year hiatus with ABC comedy pilot Losing It The two-time Emmy-winning star  Real Housewives of Miami star Joanna Krupa shows off her toned figure in a skin-tight strapless dress as she steps out at canine charity event in Warsaw 'Good times!': Jennifer Lopez beams with Leah Remini and Derek Hough at Shades Of Blue viewing party as season two gets off to nice start The Talented Mr Damon: Boston native Matt will narrate a new documentary about the marathon bombing in his hometown Lends his voice 'There's talk!' Jax Taylor reveals possible Vanderpump Rules spin-off will follow his relationship with Brittany Cartwright Fan favourites From Ramsay street to Robin Hood! Margot Robbie lands second successive LEAD role after being cast as Marian in re-imagining of classic folk tale Megan McKenna and Amber Turner enjoy a girls' night out in Essex... as their love life drama airs in explosive new series of TOWIE Cara Delevingne shows off her striking new platinum blonde locks as she steps out in cool off-duty look in Paris Doting mommy! Charlize Theron shows off slim frame in leggings and baggy sweater as she treats young son Jackson to lunch in LA 'You're the most beautiful girl in the room': Chrissy Metz  reveals the sweet note boyfriend Josh Stancil wrote her ahead of a red carpet appearance Is it too late now to say sorry? Justin Bieber awkwardly clutches his back-up dancer in Perth performance, after taking to the stage more than half an hour late  Anna Faris and Eugenio Derbez to recreate Goldie Hawn and Kurt Russell comedy classic Overboard Joshua Jackson shares a laugh with Teen Wolf actress pal Crystal Reed Don't Reed too much into who this ex couple have been hanging out with 'We are beyond blessed': Jamie Lynn Spears reflects on 'worst nightmare' one month after daughter's life threatening ATV accident 'There's something I need that I can't get from you!' Chloe Sims shoots down Liam Gatsby's attempts to win her back Details of the engagement: Joy-Anna Duggar, 19, had TWO chaperones during proposal that took place while on a horse trail in Arkansas 'Our kids should not be held hostage': Chance The Rapper to donate $1 million to Chicago Public Schools after 'unsuccessful' meeting with governor 'Ask God to heal her!' Fantasia cancels concert after suffering second degree burns on her arm Had to cancel a concert in Memphis  The pecs factor! Joe McElderry shows off his impressive weight-loss in a sizzling shirtless snap Former X Factor winner has been working out Bethenny Frankel goes skinny dipping, shares girl on girl kiss and sobs over MORE cheating claims about Luann's man in explosive RHONY trailer 'She RUINED her!' Lorde's fans take to social media to bash Taylor Swift after complaining about the New Zealand native's new track Making Hollywood friends! UFC fighter Ronda Rousey bonds with Jaimie Alexander as she tapes guest appearance for TV's Blindspot Which of Nick Viall's female suitors on The Bachelor will take the trip to Mexico for Bachelor In Paradise? Fans already know who The Bachelorette will be 'It's a myth that men have the lead': Kyle Sandilands, 45, reveals girlfriend Imogen Anthony, 26, is in control of life at home Adrien Brody's model girlfriend Lara Lieto flashes her abs as they leave dinner date hand-in-hand Danniella Westbrook dons a colourful kaftan and treats herself to cocktails as she hits the pool in Spain with a pal Recently hinted she is planning another boob job Style setter Sienna Miller shows off her quirky dress sense in a cosy knitted hat and oversized coat as she takes her dog for a walk in New York EOTB star Chloe Goodman's plunging swimsuit barely contains her impressive bust as she flaunts her curves while jet skiing in Lanzarote Ready for spring! Love star Gillian Jacobs steps out in denim mini dress with floral motifs at season 2 premiere of Netflix series Chloe Khan flaunts her incredibly svelte figure as she poses in nothing but a THONG for titillating Snapchat... after split from Ashley Cain Worse for wear Chloe Lewis FINALLY goes public with new beau Danny Fisher as they lock lips while frolicking in the street on London night out Lauren Goodger suffer MAJOR social media fail as she accidentally shares PR message to accompany her throwback Instagram snap A blank canvas! Ashley Graham strips down to pose NUDE in new campaign for Prabal Gurung's first ever plus-size collection  Leggy Sophie Turner displays her endless pins in black leather hotpants as she touches down in Paris with boyfriend Joe Jonas  'Starting to get back into shape': Greg Rutherford flashes his perfectly sculpted abs in nothing but grey shorts for sizzling Instagram selfie Emma Watson reveals VERY intimate details of her beauty routine - down to her preferred brand of pubic hair oil and why she bathes up to THREE times a day Blushing bride! Betty White, 95, wears wedding dress during teaser for upcoming episode of TV's Young & Hungry with Emily Osment Amy Schumer is shocked when Bachelor star Nick Viall records video message saying his 'one regret' was not meeting her on reality show Party of two! Makeup-free Jennifer Love Hewitt makes rare sighting during shopping spree in LA with husband of four years Brian Hallisay New mom Amber Tamblyn poses for a candid selfie in a breast milk-stained T-shirt to document the realities of life as a mother, just two weeks after giving birth to a baby daughter 'My boo': Iman shares rare snap of Lexi, 16, as she posts sweet message for her daughter with David Bowie Her parents' beauty So what, I'm still a cot star! Pink shares snap of baby Jameson putting his vocal cords to work Jameson Moon  looked to be engaged in some loud crying  Ready fur a bonding day! Keri Russell sports distinctive wintry hat as she and Matthew Rhys enjoy Sunday stroll with their baby boy Astonishing footage shows snarling 1D star Louis Tomlinson 'wrestling photographer and manhandling a female fan' moments before police arrest him Kendall Jenner nails casual glamour in racy mesh leotard and boyfriend jeans as she heads out in Paris for another day at Fashion Week Tess Holliday shares sweet snap of son Bowie in the buff while revealing pants are 'optional' in her house on Sundays 'Milk life!': Amber Tamblyn shares a selfie where she has breast milk stains on her T-shirt after feeding her newborn girl 'We were both terrified!': Pregnant Chanelle Hayes thought she was dying from cancer before being told she was expecting her second child 'You don't get to tell me what's wrong with MY body!' Sports Illustrated's size 16 swimwear model Hunter McGrady hits back at critics,  She's FIVE times the supermodel they'll ever be! Coco Rocha stars on a variety of glamorous covers for the latest issue of Fashion Magazine 'I felt selfish saying I was struggling': Chrissy Teigen reveals she suffered with postpartum depression after the birth of daughter Luna Scarlett Johansson continues to go ring-free amid rumours she's split from Romain Dauriac as she takes daughter to LA park Single mum? Ahoy, captain! Julianne Hough leads her bachelorette babes in sexy swimsuit on a luxury yacht as the party continues in the Gulf of Mexico 'It was incredibly eye-opening': Heartbroken Ed Sheeran is reduced to tears during Comic Relief trip to Liberia as he sings with young girl whose father died at hands of Ebola Where's my TARDIS? Lily James and boyfriend Matt Smith make rare public appearance together as they go for a casual shopping trip in the rain Geordie Shore newbie Abbie Holborn flaunts her ample assets in a plunging dress as she parties with boxer Floyd Mayweather in Newcastle SPOILER ALERT: Coronation Street's Maria Connor makes a dramatic return as she is released from prison... and has a fiery encounter with Aidan Letting her hair down! Tiffany Trump goes zip-lining in the jungle while on vacation in Belize with boyfriend Ross - as her father faces controversy over Obama tapping claims Imogen Thomas flashes her slender pins in a flirty thigh-skimming mini dress as she enjoys dinner in London  Pregnant Danielle Lloyd tenderly cradles her bump as she enjoys casual pub lunch with fiancé Michael O'Neill and her three children Blossoming stomach Eighties boy band Bros cancel more than half the dates on their £10m comeback tour, sparking speculation it was because of poor ticket sales  'My wife loves my sausage in the hole': Holly Willoughby and Phillip Schofield get into hysterics over Gino D'Acampo's innuendo-filled cooking segment A flare for fashion! Bella Hadid rocks a vintage look in a blue velvet tracksuit and quirky orange shades as she steps out in Paris New eye-catching outfit Gnat impressed! Adele hilariously shrieks onstage as she attempts to fend off a swarm of mosquitos at her Brisbane gig Left audience in stitches  'We get it, she has boobs!': TOWIE fans left confused after cameraman zooms in on Kate Wright's sweaty chest TWICE during her workout TOWIE's Dan Edgar gets VERY cosy with newbie Amber Turner... after furiously denying being anything more than friends in explosive scenes  Claudia Schiffer does her best supermodel strut as she shows off enviably toned legs in skintight jeans while out and about in London Supermodel strut Well she does host Saturday Night Takeaway! Make-up free Scarlett Moffatt enjoys a day off the diet as she gets pizza delivery after losing three dress sizes 'She's FINALLY in a good relationship': will.i.am reveals he approves of pregnant Cheryl's union with Liam Payne... but REFUSES to confirm birth Russian model Elena Perminova wears a sheer bralet OVER her white crop top and very high-slit skirt at Giambattista Valli's PFW show LACY Mecklenburgh: Former TOWIE star wears red and black dress with semi-sheer panel as she attends Leonard Paris fashion show... after finding love Kendall Jenner rocks leather top as she shows off impressive singing skills for music video... but it turns out to be Elle King Music video advert Iskra Lawrence exhibits her hourglass curves in a figure-hugging suede midi dress as she heads to dinner in LA Blessed with killer curves Check her out! Rita Ora showcases her honed pins in thigh-grazing gingham sundress as she steps out in London Oozed spring vibes  Myleene Klass cuts a chic figure in tapered pink trousers and giant shades as she heads to her radio show Turning heads as she sashayed to work 'Trump should not have been elected': Leighton Meester admits the election tops the birth of HITLER as the historical event she would change 'Your stomach is small again in the last shot?' Pregnant Cheryl baffles fans while showing off svelte frame in newly-released images Prince Michael Jackson takes on his father's legacy and announces a new organization to help hungry kids Good example Lady Victoria Hervey showcases her enviable toned body in skimpy multi coloured bikini as she enjoys a day on the beach with male pal Athan Kallas in Malibu Emma Watson oozes elegance in a shift dress at LA Beauty And The Beast photocall... after hitting back at critics over braless photoshoot Bad feminism? Emily Blunt looks elegant in the most delightful way as she wears a stylish red coat with blue hat while shooting scenes for Mary Poppins Returns PIERS MORGAN: Sorry Emma, but you haven't done yourself or feminism any favours this week, you've just made a right t*t of yourself Trouble in paradise? Body language expert warns Harry and Meghan look 'awkward' in Jamaica photos and says the Prince may already be BORED Family affair! Willow Smith showcases her eclectic style in a chic denim bomber jacket as she jets into Paris with brother Jaden ahead of Louis Vuitton show 'She smelled like baby wipes!': Katy Perry's fan club members react when finally meeting their idol at iHeart Awards as she poses for selfies 'Family day': Nick Cannon shows off new baby in very rare photo with his grandmother, mother and the twins he had with Mariah Carey Family times Chris Evans looks glum during family trip to the park with his wife and their two sons... hours before Top Gear returns to screens without him 'I'd take him to therapy': Stacey Solomon reveals she would ask boyfriend Joe Swash to seek help if he decided he didn't want to marry her Sex and the seedy world of the Oscar winning Afflecks: Casey may have won a gong - to add to elder brother Ben's two - but there's a darker side Black to basics: Salma Hayek flaunts her curves in embellished dress as she joins Pamela Anderson and Lily Donaldson at Stella McCartney's PFW show 'I still get nervous trying new things!': Karlie Kloss talks shaping her style as she shows off her incredible figure in new Express campaign Keeping it wheel! Cameron Diaz cuts a casually chic figure in jeans and a jumper as she shops for groceries with a friend  In all her natural glory Allison Williams strips off for X-rated scene with Alex Karpovsky as she puts on a VERY raunchy display in Girls Leaving nothing to the imagination Pregnant Chelsee Healey shows off her burgeoning baby bump in a tight nude top and flares as she steps out for the first time since announcing baby joy A slender Kylie Minogue looks drained as she steps out for breakfast with her dad in Melbourne... one month after split from fiance Joshua Sasse Riding high: The Queen looks elegant in a silk scarf as she heads out on her beloved Fell pony for a trot along the Thames near Windsor Castle Happy birthday, Prince Oscar! Swedish royal tucks into a slice of cake as he celebrates his first year with an adorable photoshoot Sweet new images Megan McKenna appears FURIOUS while filming TOWIE after she admits she's only '20% happy' with boyfriend Pete Wicks following explosive series opener Girls' night out! Ferne McCann looks leggy in just an oversized designer tee and heels as she hits the town with demure Chloe Lewis TOWIE stars 'Geraldine' Horner looks casual yet chic in a navy dolly coat and skinny jeans as she takes baby son Montague for a stroll Enjoying quality time Chantelle Connelly shows off enviably slender figure and toned abs as she tops up her tan on the beach during idyllic Caribbean getaway 'I'm never getting married!' Susanna Reid reveals why she's not ready to date... as she admits she loves bantering with her GMB co-host Piers Morgan It's NOT Better Best Forgotten: Steps have reunited for a new pop song with the help of ABBA as they release music for the first time in FIVE years Chris Brown's ex Karrueche Tran 'prepares to face the singer in court in a bid to get a permanent restraining order' Courtroom showdown 'She's incredibly excited!' Chanelle Hayes announces she's pregnant with her second child... following fears weight gain had left her infertile 'Working mothers should never feel guilty, they should feel proud': Victoria Beckham reveals how she really feels about juggling a career with family life Heavily pregnant Billie Faiers shows off bump in chic black midi dress as she and a glam Frankie Essex arrive at Amy Childs' baby shower Lock-ing lips! TOWIE star James enjoys very passionate smooch with new girlfriend Yazmin Oukhellou after making public apology for using his phone at the wheel Newly-slim Tina Malone can't hide her excitement as she books boob job and skin removal procedure... after facing cruel trolls over her 'wrinkly skin' 'I always wanted to look like Miley Cyrus': Katy Perry admits she wants to help 'redefine femininity' with her new blonde bob... following her Orlando Bloom split Back to work! Ruby Rose flaunts trim pins at stylish launch in Sydney... after celebrating Mardi Gras with girlfriend Jessica Origliasso The 'young one' from Britain's Got Talent act Stavros Flatley is arrested after police find a 'cannabis factory' worth over £50,000 in his London flat Lauren Pope flaunts her incredibly toned abs in a sexy cut-out swimsuit as she treats fans to a sizzling throwback selfie Dazzling  In the pink! The Hills star Jason Wahler jubilant as he and wife Ashley reveal they're expecting a baby girl Once-troubled reality star of The Hills fame 'It can be traumatic!' Spice Girl Melanie C says she sympathises with Louis Tomlinson after the One Direction star is arrested for airport altercation 'They got MARRIED!' Martine McCutcheon and Hugh Grant have big news in Love Actually Comic Relief reboot... but he admits he can't remember his lines Chest too much! Christina Milian has cleavage showdown with Katy Perry and Kelsea Ballerini on the iHeart Radio Music Awards red carpet 'Thick thighs save lives': Demi Lovato brags about her toned legs in silver mini-dress as she hits up the iHeartRadio Music Awards 'F**king b***h!' TOWIE's Gatsby lashes out at 'clown' Pete Wicks in violent altercation... following expletive-laden row with 'chav' Megan McKenna Orange is the new blonde! Pixie Lott ditches her trademark platinum 'do as she debuts newly-dyed apricot locks Pop princess Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Mobil'nye Telesistemy PAO - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Mobil'nye Telesistemy PAO with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Scotiabank Reiterates Outperform Rating for Advantage Oil & Gas Ltd. (AAV) Raymond James Financial, Inc. Raises Canadian Apartment Properties REIT (CAR.UN) Price Target to C$35.00 Bank of Nova Scotia (BNS) PT Raised to C$86.00 at Desjardins Scotiabank Boosts Avigilon Corp (AVO) Price Target to C$16.00 LPL Financial Holdings Inc (lpla) to Issue Quarterly Dividend of $0.25 on March 24th Brokers Issue Forecasts for Babcock & Wilcox Enterprises Inc’s Q1 2017 Earnings (BW) Ideal Power Inc. (IPWR) Insider Buys $19,812.00 in Stock Cameco Corp (CCO) Director James Allan Dobchuk Buys 1,470 Shares Fossil Group Inc (FOSL) PT Lowered to $12.00 TD Securities Reiterates “Buy” Rating for Cascades Inc (CAS) Edge Therapeutics Inc (EDGE) Rating Reiterated by Leerink Swann Beaufort Securities Reaffirms “Speculative Buy” Rating for Amryt Pharma PLC (AMYT) Tritax Big Box REIT PLC (BBOX) Receives “Hold” Rating from Liberum Capital Deutsche Bank AG Boosts G4S plc (GFS) Price Target to GBX 230 Old Line Bancshares, Inc. (MD) (olbk) To Go Ex-Dividend on March 8th Pernix Therapeutics Holdings Inc (PTX) Scheduled to Post Earnings on Wednesday Savanna Energy Services Corp. (SVY) Scheduled to Post Earnings on Wednesday William Blair Analysts Increase Earnings Estimates for 3D Systems Co. (DDD) Carrols Restaurant Group, Inc. (TAST) PT Lowered to $17.00 United Continental Holdings Inc (UAL) Rating Reiterated by Sanford C. Bernstein Mobil'nye Telesistemy PAO (MBT) Receives Average Rating of “Buy” from Brokerages March 6th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Jeff Wilder Filed Under: Consensus Rating Articles - Finance Tweet Mobil'nye Telesistemy PAO (NYSE:MBT) has received a consensus rating of “Buy” from the six research firms that are covering the stock. Three investment analysts have rated the stock with a hold recommendation and three have issued a buy recommendation on the company. The average 12-month price target among brokerages that have covered the stock in the last year is $10.18. Several research firms have commented on MBT. Zacks Investment Research cut shares of Mobil'nye Telesistemy PAO from a “strong-buy” rating to a “hold” rating in a research note on Friday, February 17th. Citigroup Inc raised shares of Mobil'nye Telesistemy PAO from a “neutral” rating to a “buy” rating in a research note on Monday, November 21st. This report was first posted by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are reading this report on another domain, it was copied illegally and republished in violation of U.S. & international copyright & trademark law. The correct version of this report can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/03/06/mobilnye-telesistemy-pao-mbt-receives-average-rating-of-buy-from-brokerages.html. Institutional investors have recently made changes to their positions in the company. JPMorgan Chase & Co. boosted its position in shares of Mobil'nye Telesistemy PAO by 26.9% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 19,841,994 shares of the company’s stock valued at $151,394,000 after buying an additional 4,209,906 shares in the last quarter. Schroder Investment Management Group boosted its position in shares of Mobil'nye Telesistemy PAO by 4.0% in the third quarter. Schroder Investment Management Group now owns 11,388,240 shares of the company’s stock valued at $86,892,000 after buying an additional 439,287 shares in the last quarter. Van ECK Associates Corp boosted its position in shares of Mobil'nye Telesistemy PAO by 26.1% in the fourth quarter. Van ECK Associates Corp now owns 11,155,826 shares of the company’s stock valued at $101,630,000 after buying an additional 2,307,926 shares in the last quarter. Renaissance Technologies LLC boosted its position in shares of Mobil'nye Telesistemy PAO by 16.8% in the fourth quarter. Renaissance Technologies LLC now owns 10,650,750 shares of the company’s stock valued at $97,028,000 after buying an additional 1,529,450 shares in the last quarter. Finally, State Street Corp boosted its position in shares of Mobil'nye Telesistemy PAO by 1.8% in the fourth quarter. State Street Corp now owns 9,605,892 shares of the company’s stock valued at $87,509,000 after buying an additional 169,182 shares in the last quarter. 30.70% of the stock is currently owned by institutional investors. Mobil'nye Telesistemy PAO (NYSE:MBT) opened at 10.30 on Monday. The firm has a market cap of $10.25 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 7.35 and a beta of 1.09. The company’s 50-day moving average is $10.44 and its 200 day moving average is $8.74. Mobil'nye Telesistemy PAO has a 12 month low of $7.09 and a 12 month high of $10.91. About Mobil'nye Telesistemy PAO Mobile TeleSystems Public Joint Stock Company, formerly Mobile TeleSystems Open Joint Stock Company, is a provider of telecommunications services. The Company provides mobile and fixed line voice and data telecommunications services, including data transfer, broadband, pay-television (pay-TV) and various value-added services, as well as selling equipment and accessories. Receive News & Ratings for Mobil'nye Telesistemy PAO Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Mobil'nye Telesistemy PAO and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News New Travel Ban by President Trump Could be Announced Monday Hackers Accessed Private Email of Mike Pence While He Was Governor President Trump’s First Address Optimistic Trump Asking for Steep Increases in Spending for Military President Trump Wants the Largest Nuclear Arsenal © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Bloomberg the Company & Its ProductsBloomberg Anywhere Remote LoginBloomberg Anywhere LoginBloomberg Terminal Demo Request Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Philanthropy & Engagement Bloomberg London Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Philanthropy & Engagement Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Bloomberg London Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Advertising Bloomberg Media Distribution Bloomberg Live Conferences Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center MENU Homepage Markets Stocks Currencies Commodities Rates + Bonds Economics Magazine Benchmark Watchlist Economic Calendar Tech U.S. Global Startups Cybersecurity Digital Media Bloomberg Technology TV Hello World Studio 1.0 Pursuits Cars & Bikes Style & Grooming Spend Watches & Gadgets Food & Drinks Travel Real Estate Art & Design Politics Global Risk Briefing How We’ll Know if Trump Is Making America Great Again Tracking Trump’s Web of Conflicts The Inauguration of Donald J. Trump On the March in Trump’s Capital Opinion View Gadfly Businessweek Subscribe Cover Stories Opening Remarks Etc Features 85th Anniversary Issue Behind The Cover More Science + Energy Graphics Billionaires Game Plan Small Business Personal Finance Live TV Inspire GO The David Rubenstein Show Sponsored Content Bloomberg About The Company Sign In Sign In Subscribe JPMorgan Software Does in Seconds What Took Lawyers 360,000 Hours by Hugh Son @Hugh_Son More stories by Hugh Son February 27, 2017, 7:31 PM EST February 28, 2017, 7:24 AM EST New software does in seconds what took staff 360,000 hours Bank seeking to streamline systems, avoid redundancies At JPMorgan Chase & Co., a learning machine is parsing financial deals that once kept legal teams busy for thousands of hours. The program, called COIN, for Contract Intelligence, does the mind-numbing job of interpreting commercial-loan agreements that, until the project went online in June, consumed 360,000 hours of work each year by lawyers and loan officers. The software reviews documents in seconds, is less error-prone and never asks for vacation. Attendees discuss software on Feb. 27, the eve of JPMorgan’s Investor Day. Photographer: Kholood Eid/Bloomberg While the financial industry has long touted its technological innovations, a new era of automation is now in overdrive as cheap computing power converges with fears of losing customers to startups. Made possible by investments in machine learning and a new private cloud network, COIN is just the start for the biggest U.S. bank. The firm recently set up technology hubs for teams specializing in big data, robotics and cloud infrastructure to find new sources of revenue, while reducing expenses and risks. The push to automate mundane tasks and create new tools for bankers and clients -- a growing part of the firm’s $9.6 billion technology budget -- is a core theme as the company hosts its annual investor day on Tuesday. Behind the strategy, overseen by Chief Operating Officer Matt Zames and Chief Information Officer Dana Deasy, is an undercurrent of anxiety: Though JPMorgan emerged from the financial crisis as one of few big winners, its dominance is at risk unless it aggressively pursues new technologies, according to interviews with a half-dozen bank executives. Redundant Software That was the message Zames had for Deasy when he joined the firm from BP Plc in late 2013. The New York-based bank’s internal systems, an amalgam from decades of mergers, had too many redundant software programs that didn’t work together seamlessly. “Matt said, ‘Remember one thing above all else: We absolutely need to be the leaders in technology across financial services,’” Deasy said last week in an interview. “Everything we’ve done from that day forward stems from that meeting.” A QuickTake explainer on fintech The most important market news of the day. Get our markets daily newsletter. Sign Up After visiting companies including Apple Inc. and Facebook Inc. three years ago to understand how their developers worked, the bank set out to create its own computing cloud called Gaia that went online last year. Machine learning and big-data efforts now reside on the private platform, which effectively has limitless capacity to support their thirst for processing power. The system already is helping the bank automate some coding activities and making its 20,000 developers more productive, saving money, Zames said. When needed, the firm can also tap into outside cloud services from Amazon.com Inc., Microsoft Corp. and International Business Machines Corp. Tech Spending JPMorgan will make some of its cloud-backed technology available to institutional clients later this year, allowing firms like BlackRock Inc. to access balances, research and trading tools. The move, which lets clients bypass salespeople and support staff for routine information, is similar to one Goldman Sachs Group Inc. announced in 2015. JPMorgan’s total technology budget for this year amounts to 9 percent of its projected revenue -- double the industry average, according to Morgan Stanley analyst Betsy Graseck. The dollar figure has inched higher as JPMorgan bolsters cyber defenses after a 2014 data breach, which exposed the information of 83 million customers. “We have invested heavily in technology and marketing -- and we are seeing strong returns,” JPMorgan said in a presentation Tuesday ahead of its investor day, noting that technology spending in its consumer bank totaled about $1 billion over the past two years. Attendees inspect JPMorgan Markets software kiosk for Investors Day. Photographer: Kholood Eid/Bloomberg One-third of the company’s budget is for new initiatives, a figure Zames wants to take to 40 percent in a few years. He expects savings from automation and retiring old technology will let him plow even more money into new innovations. Not all of those bets, which include several projects based on a distributed ledger, like blockchain, will pay off, which JPMorgan says is OK. One example executives are fond of mentioning: The firm built an electronic platform to help trade credit-default swaps that sits unused. ‘Can’t Wait’ “We’re willing to invest to stay ahead of the curve, even if in the final analysis some of that money will go to product or a service that wasn’t needed,” Marianne Lake, the lender’s finance chief, told a conference audience in June. That’s “because we can’t wait to know what the outcome, the endgame, really looks like, because the environment is moving so fast.” As for COIN, the program has helped JPMorgan cut down on loan-servicing mistakes, most of which stemmed from human error in interpreting 12,000 new wholesale contracts per year, according to its designers. JPMorgan is scouring for more ways to deploy the technology, which learns by ingesting data to identify patterns and relationships. The bank plans to use it for other types of complex legal filings like credit-default swaps and custody agreements. Someday, the firm may use it to help interpret regulations and analyze corporate communications. Another program called X-Connect, which went into use in January, examines e-mails to help employees find colleagues who have the closest relationships with potential prospects and can arrange introductions. Creating Bots For simpler tasks, the bank has created bots to perform functions like granting access to software systems and responding to IT requests, such as resetting an employee’s password, Zames said. Bots are expected to handle 1.7 million access requests this year, doing the work of 140 people. Matt Zames Photographer: Kholood Eid/Bloomberg While growing numbers of people in the industry worry such advancements might someday take their jobs, many Wall Street personnel are more focused on benefits. A survey of more than 3,200 financial professionals by recruiting firm Options Group last year found a majority expect new technology will improve their careers, for example by improving workplace performance. Click here for Options Group’s survey on technology’s impact “Anything where you have back-office operations and humans kind of moving information from point A to point B that’s not automated is ripe for that,” Deasy said. “People always talk about this stuff as displacement. I talk about it as freeing people to work on higher-value things, which is why it’s such a terrific opportunity for the firm.” To help spur internal disruption, the company keeps tabs on 2,000 technology ventures, using about 100 in pilot programs that will eventually join the firm’s growing ecosystem of partners. For instance, the bank’s machine-learning software was built with Cloudera Inc., a software firm that JPMorgan first encountered in 2009. “We’re starting to see the real fruits of our labor,” Zames said. “This is not pie-in-the-sky stuff.” Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal. LEARN MORE Most Read Trump's Wiretap Tweets Raise Risk of Impeachment Russian Hackers Said to Seek Hush Money From Liberal Groups TSA Warns Local Police About Its New Airport Pat-Downs Trump Issues Revised Travel Ban to Address Legal Challenges Mercedes Is Making the World’s Most Expensive SUV Terms of Service Trademarks Privacy Policy ©2017 Bloomberg L.P. All Rights Reserved Careers Made in NYC Advertise Ad Choices Website Feedback Help
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Reckitt Benckiser Group Plc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Reckitt Benckiser Group Plc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Simon Litherland Buys 22 Shares of Britvic Plc (BVIC) Stock Vetr Inc. Upgrades Check Point Software Technologies Ltd. (CHKP) to “Strong-Buy” Express Scripts Holding Company (ESRX) Upgraded to “Strong-Buy” by Vetr Inc. Tableau Software Inc (DATA) Upgraded to “Strong-Buy” at Vetr Inc. Macy's Inc (M) Stock Rating Upgraded by Vetr Inc. Continental AG (CTTAY) Cut to Hold at Zacks Investment Research Keith A. Sultana Sells 1,046 Shares of Ingersoll-Rand PLC (IR) Stock Goldcorp Inc. (G) Director Sells C$33,415.80 in Stock Loop Capital Reiterates “Buy” Rating for Micron Technology, Inc. (MU) Insider Selling: Trade Desk Inc (TTD) COO Sells 100,000 Shares of Stock Insider Selling: Vitamin Shoppe Inc (VSI) Director Sells 100,000 Shares of Stock Paul A. Jacobson Sells 20,100 Shares of Delta Air Lines, Inc. (DAL) Stock Insider Selling: Electronic Arts Inc. (EA) EVP Sells 10,000 Shares of Stock Beigene Ltd (BGNE) CEO Sells $4,459,149.09 in Stock Sempra Energy (SRE) Director Sells $544,600.00 in Stock Axalta Coating Systems Ltd (AXTA) CFO Sells $518,873.70 in Stock DA Davidson Begins Coverage on WesBanco Inc (WSBC) Research Analysts’ Recent Ratings Updates for Priceline Group (PCLN) Amedisys (AMED) – Investment Analysts’ Weekly Ratings Updates Canadian Pacific Railway Limited (CP) Earns Outperform Rating from Credit Suisse Group AG Analysts’ Recent Ratings Changes for Reckitt Benckiser Group Plc (RB) March 6th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Stacy Sanders Filed Under: Analyst Articles - Company Sum - Finance Tweet Reckitt Benckiser Group Plc (LON: RB) has recently received a number of price target changes and ratings updates: 3/1/2017 – Reckitt Benckiser Group Plc had its “outperform” rating reaffirmed by analysts at Credit Suisse Group AG. They now have a GBX 7,800 ($97.17) price target on the stock. 2/16/2017 – Reckitt Benckiser Group Plc had its “add” rating reaffirmed by analysts at Numis Securities Ltd. They now have a GBX 8,000 ($99.66) price target on the stock. 2/15/2017 – Reckitt Benckiser Group Plc had its price target lowered by analysts at Kepler Capital Markets from GBX 8,500 ($105.89) to GBX 8,100 ($100.91). They now have a “buy” rating on the stock. 2/14/2017 – Reckitt Benckiser Group Plc had its price target raised by analysts at Berenberg Bank from GBX 7,900 ($98.42) to GBX 8,500 ($105.89). They now have a “buy” rating on the stock. 2/14/2017 – Reckitt Benckiser Group Plc had its “underperform” rating reaffirmed by analysts at Royal Bank of Canada. They now have a GBX 6,300 ($78.49) price target on the stock. 2/13/2017 – Reckitt Benckiser Group Plc had its “outperform” rating reaffirmed by analysts at Credit Suisse Group AG. They now have a GBX 7,800 ($97.17) price target on the stock. 2/13/2017 – Reckitt Benckiser Group Plc had its “hold” rating reaffirmed by analysts at Beaufort Securities. 2/13/2017 – Reckitt Benckiser Group Plc had its price target lowered by analysts at BNP Paribas from GBX 8,200 ($102.16) to GBX 7,900 ($98.42). They now have an “outperform” rating on the stock. 2/13/2017 – Reckitt Benckiser Group Plc had its price target raised by analysts at Jefferies Group LLC from GBX 7,750 ($96.55) to GBX 8,000 ($99.66). They now have a “buy” rating on the stock. 2/13/2017 – Reckitt Benckiser Group Plc had its “neutral” rating reaffirmed by analysts at JPMorgan Chase & Co.. They now have a GBX 6,750 ($84.09) price target on the stock. 2/13/2017 – Reckitt Benckiser Group Plc had its “buy” rating reaffirmed by analysts at Citigroup Inc. They now have a GBX 8,350 ($104.02) price target on the stock. 2/10/2017 – Reckitt Benckiser Group Plc had its “buy” rating reaffirmed by analysts at Whitman Howard. They now have a GBX 9,000 ($112.12) price target on the stock. 2/10/2017 – Reckitt Benckiser Group Plc had its “buy” rating reaffirmed by analysts at Liberum Capital. They now have a GBX 7,650 ($95.30) price target on the stock. 2/8/2017 – Reckitt Benckiser Group Plc had its “buy” rating reaffirmed by analysts at Kepler Capital Markets. They now have a GBX 8,500 ($105.89) price target on the stock. 2/8/2017 – Reckitt Benckiser Group Plc had its price target raised by analysts at Macquarie from GBX 7,900 ($98.42) to GBX 8,200 ($102.16). They now have an “outperform” rating on the stock. 2/7/2017 – Reckitt Benckiser Group Plc was upgraded by analysts at Numis Securities Ltd to an “add” rating. They now have a GBX 8,000 ($99.66) price target on the stock. 2/3/2017 – Reckitt Benckiser Group Plc had its “neutral” rating reaffirmed by analysts at JPMorgan Chase & Co.. They now have a GBX 6,750 ($84.09) price target on the stock. 2/2/2017 – Reckitt Benckiser Group Plc had its “outperform” rating reaffirmed by analysts at Credit Suisse Group AG. They now have a GBX 7,800 ($97.17) price target on the stock. 2/2/2017 – Reckitt Benckiser Group Plc had its “buy” rating reaffirmed by analysts at Liberum Capital. They now have a GBX 7,650 ($95.30) price target on the stock. 1/25/2017 – Reckitt Benckiser Group Plc was upgraded by analysts at Berenberg Bank to a “buy” rating. They now have a GBX 7,900 ($98.42) price target on the stock, up previously from GBX 7,300 ($90.94). 1/23/2017 – Reckitt Benckiser Group Plc had its price target lowered by analysts at Barclays PLC from GBX 7,500 ($93.43) to GBX 7,230 ($90.07). They now have an “equal weight” rating on the stock. 1/20/2017 – Reckitt Benckiser Group Plc was given a new GBX 7,130 ($88.83) price target on by analysts at Goldman Sachs Group Inc. They now have a “neutral” rating on the stock. 1/17/2017 – Reckitt Benckiser Group Plc had its “buy” rating reaffirmed by analysts at Liberum Capital. They now have a GBX 7,650 ($95.30) price target on the stock. 1/17/2017 – Reckitt Benckiser Group Plc was given a new GBX 7,500 ($93.43) price target on by analysts at Deutsche Bank AG. They now have a “buy” rating on the stock. 1/16/2017 – Reckitt Benckiser Group Plc had its “buy” rating reaffirmed by analysts at Jefferies Group LLC. They now have a GBX 7,750 ($96.55) price target on the stock. 1/12/2017 – Reckitt Benckiser Group Plc was given a new GBX 6,750 ($84.09) price target on by analysts at JPMorgan Chase & Co.. They now have a “neutral” rating on the stock. 1/10/2017 – Reckitt Benckiser Group Plc was given a new GBX 8,600 ($107.14) price target on by analysts at Societe Generale. They now have a “buy” rating on the stock. 1/9/2017 – Reckitt Benckiser Group Plc had its price target lowered by analysts at Berenberg Bank from GBX 7,800 ($97.17) to GBX 7,300 ($90.94). They now have a “hold” rating on the stock. 1/6/2017 – Reckitt Benckiser Group Plc was given a new GBX 7,130 ($88.83) price target on by analysts at Goldman Sachs Group Inc. They now have a “neutral” rating on the stock. Reckitt Benckiser Group Plc (LON:RB) traded down 0.46% during trading on Monday, reaching GBX 7307.00. The company’s stock had a trading volume of 268,866 shares. The stock has a 50 day moving average price of GBX 6,947.73 and a 200 day moving average price of GBX 7,059.44. Reckitt Benckiser Group Plc has a 1-year low of GBX 6,356.00 and a 1-year high of GBX 7,786.00. The stock’s market capitalization is GBX 51.32 billion. Reckitt Benckiser Group plc is a manufacturer and marketer of health, hygiene and home products. The Company’s segments include ENA, DvM and Food. The ENA segment consists of Europe, Russia/Commonwealth of Independent States (CIS), Israel, North America, Australia and New Zealand. The DvM segment consists of North Africa, Middle East (excluding Israel) and Turkey, Africa, South Asia, North Asia, Latin America, Japan, Korea and the Association of Southeast Asian Nations (ASEAN). Receive News & Ratings for Reckitt Benckiser Group Plc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Reckitt Benckiser Group Plc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News New Travel Ban by President Trump Could be Announced Monday Hackers Accessed Private Email of Mike Pence While He Was Governor President Trump’s First Address Optimistic Trump Asking for Steep Increases in Spending for Military President Trump Wants the Largest Nuclear Arsenal © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Plantronics Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Plantronics Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Amedisys (AMED) – Investment Analysts’ Weekly Ratings Updates Canadian Pacific Railway Limited (CP) Earns Outperform Rating from Credit Suisse Group AG Insider Buying: Air T, Inc. (AIRT) CEO Purchases 500 Shares of Stock Eyegate Pharmaceuticals Inc (EYEG) Director Morton Goldberg Sells 8,919 Shares Genie Energy Ltd. (GNE) Director James A. Courter Sells 5,000 Shares Insider Selling: Enterprise Products Partners L.P. (EPD) Insider Sells 15,000 Shares of Stock Ascena Retail Group Inc (ASNA) Issues FY17 Earnings Guidance Goldman Sachs Group Inc Reaffirms Neutral Rating for General Motors Company (GM) Korn/Ferry International (KFY) Posts Earnings Results Marvell Technology Group Ltd. (MRVL) Price Target Increased to $17.00 by Analysts at Benchmark Co. Immersion Co. (IMMR) Lowered to “Hold” at Craig Hallum Autodesk, Inc. (ADSK) Price Target Raised to $99.00 at Griffin Securities Marcus Corp (MCS) – Analysts’ Weekly Ratings Changes Saga Communications, Inc. to Issue Quarterly Dividend of $0.30 (SGA) Alphabet Inc (GOOGL) Given “Outperform” Rating at BMO Capital Markets Endeavour Silver Corp (EXK) Downgraded by Zacks Investment Research to “Strong Sell” Moody’s Corporation (MCO) Upgraded to Buy by Zacks Investment Research Caterpillar’s (CAT) “Hold” Rating Reaffirmed at Jefferies Group LLC ACI Worldwide Inc (ACIW) Lowered to “Market Perform” at Avondale Partners Edge Therapeutics Inc (EDGE) Now Covered by Analysts at Leerink Swann Elkfork Partners LLC Takes Position in Plantronics Inc (PLT) March 6th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Patrick Bannon Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Elkfork Partners LLC purchased a new position in shares of Plantronics Inc (NYSE:PLT) during the fourth quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The firm purchased 1,820 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $100,000. Several other hedge funds have also recently made changes to their positions in the stock. BlackRock Fund Advisors raised its stake in shares of Plantronics by 5.7% in the third quarter. BlackRock Fund Advisors now owns 1,812,671 shares of the company’s stock worth $94,186,000 after buying an additional 97,705 shares during the last quarter. Bank of New York Mellon Corp raised its stake in shares of Plantronics by 20.2% in the third quarter. Bank of New York Mellon Corp now owns 669,245 shares of the company’s stock worth $34,774,000 after buying an additional 112,508 shares during the last quarter. Principal Financial Group Inc. raised its stake in shares of Plantronics by 5.8% in the third quarter. Principal Financial Group Inc. now owns 572,009 shares of the company’s stock worth $29,722,000 after buying an additional 31,318 shares during the last quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. raised its stake in shares of Plantronics by 19.4% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 439,965 shares of the company’s stock worth $22,860,000 after buying an additional 71,400 shares during the last quarter. Finally, Prudential Financial Inc. raised its stake in shares of Plantronics by 17.1% in the third quarter. Prudential Financial Inc. now owns 439,787 shares of the company’s stock worth $22,852,000 after buying an additional 64,072 shares during the last quarter. 90.39% of the stock is currently owned by hedge funds and other institutional investors. Plantronics Inc (NYSE:PLT) opened at 53.60 on Monday. The company has a market capitalization of $1.73 billion, a P/E ratio of 23.18 and a beta of 1.57. The stock’s 50 day moving average price is $54.74 and its 200-day moving average price is $52.67. Plantronics Inc has a 12 month low of $36.25 and a 12 month high of $57.79. Plantronics (NYSE:PLT) last released its quarterly earnings data on Tuesday, January 31st. The company reported $0.79 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, missing analysts’ consensus estimates of $0.82 by $0.03. Plantronics had a net margin of 8.62% and a return on equity of 23.07%. The company had revenue of $232.90 million for the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $232.26 million. During the same quarter in the previous year, the firm posted $0.83 earnings per share. The business’s revenue for the quarter was up 3.2% compared to the same quarter last year. On average, equities research analysts predict that Plantronics Inc will post $3.09 EPS for the current fiscal year. The business also recently disclosed a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Friday, March 10th. Investors of record on Tuesday, February 21st will be paid a dividend of $0.15 per share. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Thursday, February 16th. This represents a $0.60 dividend on an annualized basis and a dividend yield of 1.12%. Plantronics’s payout ratio is 25.86%. “Elkfork Partners LLC Takes Position in Plantronics Inc (PLT)” was originally reported by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are accessing this piece on another domain, it was illegally copied and reposted in violation of US and international copyright and trademark law. The legal version of this piece can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/03/06/elkfork-partners-llc-takes-position-in-plantronics-inc-plt.html. PLT has been the topic of a number of recent research reports. Roth Capital set a $63.00 price target on Plantronics and gave the company a “buy” rating in a research note on Wednesday, February 1st. Zacks Investment Research lowered Plantronics from a “hold” rating to a “sell” rating in a research note on Tuesday, February 7th. One analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, two have given a hold rating and two have given a buy rating to the company’s stock. The company has an average rating of “Hold” and a consensus target price of $57.00. In related news, insider S Kenneth Kannappan sold 6,415 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction on Tuesday, February 7th. The stock was sold at an average price of $53.50, for a total transaction of $343,202.50. Following the sale, the insider now directly owns 105,338 shares in the company, valued at approximately $5,635,583. The transaction was disclosed in a filing with the SEC, which is accessible through the SEC website. Also, Director Greggory C. Hammann sold 8,313 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction on Wednesday, February 15th. The shares were sold at an average price of $54.24, for a total value of $450,897.12. Following the sale, the director now owns 16,384 shares in the company, valued at $888,668.16. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Over the last quarter, insiders have sold 30,107 shares of company stock worth $1,614,969. 4.20% of the stock is currently owned by corporate insiders. Plantronics Company Profile Plantronics, Inc (Plantronics) is engaged in the design, manufacture, and distribution of headsets for business and consumer applications, and other specialty products for the hearing impaired. The Company is a global designer, manufacturer and marketer of communications headsets, telephone headset systems, other communication endpoints and accessories for the business and consumer markets. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding PLT? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Plantronics Inc (NYSE:PLT). Receive News & Ratings for Plantronics Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Plantronics Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News New Travel Ban by President Trump Could be Announced Monday Hackers Accessed Private Email of Mike Pence While He Was Governor President Trump’s First Address Optimistic Trump Asking for Steep Increases in Spending for Military President Trump Wants the Largest Nuclear Arsenal © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact US Privacy Policy Staff Daily Email Updates Headlines Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Investing Itau Unibanco Holding SA - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Itau Unibanco Holding SA with our FREE daily email newsletter: Recent Posts Canadian Apartment Properties REIT (CAR.UN) Price Target Raised to C$36.00 Bank of Montreal (BMO) Price Target Raised to C$110.00 CIBC Boosts Avigilon Corp (AVO) Price Target to C$18.00 Investment Analysts’ Recent Ratings Updates for Pure Storage (PSTG) Enzymotec Ltd (ENZY) Receives Consensus Rating of “Hold” from Brokerages Daimler AG (DDAIF) Given $74.94 Average Target Price by Analysts Zacks: Analysts Set $1.50 Price Target for UQM Technologies Inc (UQM) Tucows Inc. (TCX) Receives Average Rating of “Hold” from Brokerages Zacks: Arotech Co. (ARTX) Given $4.50 Consensus Target Price by Analysts Bernard D. Berman Purchases 15,000 Shares of Fifth Street Finance Corp. (FSC) Stock Thomas L. Carter, Jr. Purchases 14,000 Shares of Black Stone Minerals LP (BSM) Stock Cotiviti Holdings Inc (COTV) Now Covered by Raymond James Financial, Inc. Canadian Western Bank (CWB) Stock Rating Upgraded by CIBC Cipher Pharmaceuticals Inc (CPH) Rating Reiterated by TD Securities Senior plc (SNR) Given “Neutral” Rating at JPMorgan Chase & Co. Barratt Developments Plc (BDEV) Receives Sell Rating from Liberum Capital WesBanco Inc (WSBC) to Issue Quarterly Dividend of $0.26 on April 1st Research Frontiers, Inc. (REFR) Set to Announce Earnings on Wednesday 3D Systems Co. (DDD) Expected to Earn Q1 2017 Earnings of $0.08 Per Share Goldman Sachs Group Inc Initiates Coverage on Infosys Ltd (INFY) Asset Management One Co. Ltd. Raises Stake in Itau Unibanco Holding SA (ITUB) Posted by Abby Graham on Mar 6th, 2017 // No Comments Tweet Asset Management One Co. Ltd. increased its stake in Itau Unibanco Holding SA (NYSE:ITUB) by 92.6% during the fourth quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The fund owned 211,386 shares of the company’s stock after buying an additional 101,645 shares during the period. Asset Management One Co. Ltd.’s holdings in Itau Unibanco Holding SA were worth $2,174,000 as of its most recent filing with the SEC. Several other large investors also recently made changes to their positions in ITUB. Investec Asset Management LTD increased its stake in shares of Itau Unibanco Holding SA by 7.3% in the fourth quarter. Investec Asset Management LTD now owns 2,225,158 shares of the company’s stock valued at $22,875,000 after buying an additional 151,113 shares during the last quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. increased its stake in shares of Itau Unibanco Holding SA by 3.3% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 18,123,406 shares of the company’s stock valued at $198,272,000 after buying an additional 570,896 shares during the last quarter. BlackRock Group LTD increased its stake in shares of Itau Unibanco Holding SA by 3.4% in the third quarter. BlackRock Group LTD now owns 22,888,764 shares of the company’s stock valued at $250,403,000 after buying an additional 754,601 shares during the last quarter. Keybank National Association OH increased its stake in shares of Itau Unibanco Holding SA by 23.5% in the fourth quarter. Keybank National Association OH now owns 156,113 shares of the company’s stock valued at $1,605,000 after buying an additional 29,756 shares during the last quarter. Finally, Wells Fargo & Company MN increased its stake in shares of Itau Unibanco Holding SA by 0.9% in the third quarter. Wells Fargo & Company MN now owns 644,691 shares of the company’s stock valued at $7,054,000 after buying an additional 5,604 shares during the last quarter. Institutional investors and hedge funds own 4.29% of the company’s stock. Shares of Itau Unibanco Holding SA (NYSE:ITUB) opened at 12.85 on Monday. The firm has a market cap of $83.69 billion, a P/E ratio of 11.29 and a beta of 1.48. The firm’s 50-day moving average is $12.40 and its 200-day moving average is $10.93. Itau Unibanco Holding SA has a 1-year low of $6.84 and a 1-year high of $13.65. The business also recently disclosed a monthly dividend, which will be paid on Thursday, April 13th. Stockholders of record on Friday, March 3rd will be paid a dividend of $0.0048 per share. The ex-dividend date is Wednesday, March 1st. This represents a $0.06 dividend on an annualized basis and a dividend yield of 0.45%. This is a boost from Itau Unibanco Holding SA’s previous monthly dividend of $0.00. Itau Unibanco Holding SA’s dividend payout ratio is currently 5.94%. This report was first posted by Web Breaking News and is the sole property of of Web Breaking News. If you are reading this report on another website, it was illegally copied and republished in violation of U.S. & international copyright & trademark law. The correct version of this report can be read at http://www.webbreakingnews.com/2017/03/06/asset-management-one-co-ltd-raises-stake-in-itau-unibanco-holding-sa-itub.html. Separately, Zacks Investment Research downgraded shares of Itau Unibanco Holding SA from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating in a research note on Friday, December 30th. Two investment analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, five have given a hold rating and two have issued a buy rating to the stock. The stock has a consensus rating of “Hold” and an average target price of $10.13. About Itau Unibanco Holding SA Itau Unibanco Holding SA is a holding company. The Company provides a range of financial products and services to individual and corporate clients in Brazil and abroad. The Company operates through three segments: Retail Banking, Wholesale Banking, and Activities with the Market + Corporation. The Retail Banking segment offers banking products and services to a diversified client base of account holders and non-account holders, individuals and companies. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding ITUB? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Itau Unibanco Holding SA (NYSE:ITUB). Receive News & Ratings for Itau Unibanco Holding SA Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Itau Unibanco Holding SA and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter. « Previous Asset Management One Co. Ltd. Buys 118,397 Shares of Banco Bradesco SA (BBD) Next » RSP Permian Inc (RSPP) Shares Sold by Asset Management One Co. Ltd. Latest News Nike Suspends Relationship with Maria Sharapova Rob Bironas Ex-Titans Kicker Dies in Car Crash Ron Washington Leaves Texas Rangers Due to an Affair Jonathan Dwyer Falls in Line with Other Banned NFL Players Tony Stewart Case Going to the Grand Jury Oscar Pistorius “Blade Runner” Found Not Guilty of Murder Leave a Reply Click here to cancel reply. Name (Required) Mail (will not be published) (Required) Website   Home Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Headlines Investing © 2006-2017 Web Breaking News.
SUBSCRIBE LOG IN LOG OUT REGISTER MY PROFILE Obituaries Events Jobs Real Estate Cars Classified PG Store March 7, 2017 4:38 AM 7-day Forecast Post-Gazette.com Archives Home News Local Sports Opinion A & E Life Business Contact Us Advertisement Trump administration suspends, reverses over 90 regulations so far March 6, 2017 7:53 AM Ty Wright/The New York Times People shooting firearms at a screen at an exhibit last May during the National Rifle Association Convention in Louisville, Ky. The gun-rights group lobbied against a rule that would have effectively prevented most people with disabling mental illnesses from purchasing firearms. By Eric Lipton and Binyamin Appelbaum / The New York Times WASHINGTON — Giants in telecommunications, like Verizon and AT&T, will not have to take “reasonable measures” to ensure that their customers’ Social Security numbers, web browsing history and other personal information are not stolen or accidentally released. Wall Street banks like Goldman Sachs and JPMorgan Chase will not be punished, at least for now, for not collecting extra money from customers to cover potential losses from certain kinds of high-risk trades that helped unleash the 2008 financial crisis. And Social Security Administration data will no longer be used to try to block individuals with disabling mental health issues from buying handguns, nor will hunters be banned from using lead-based bullets, which can accidentally poison wildlife, on 150 million acres of federal lands. These are just a few of the more than 90 regulations that federal agencies and the Republican-controlled Congress have delayed, suspended or reversed in the month and a half since President Trump took office, according to a tally by The New York Times. The emerging effort — dozens more rules could be eliminated in the coming weeks — is one of the most significant shifts in regulatory policy in recent decades. It is the leading edge of what Stephen K. Bannon, Mr. Trump’s chief strategist, described late last month as “the deconstruction of the administrative state.” In many cases, records show that the changes came after appeals by corporate lobbyists and trade association executives, who see a potentially historic opportunity to lower compliance costs and drive up profits. Slashing regulations, they argue, will unleash economic growth. On a near daily basis, regulated industries are now sending in specific requests to the Trump administration for more rollbacks, including recent appeals from 17 automakers to rescind an agreement to increase mileage standards for their fleets, and another from pharmaceutical industry figures to reverse a new rule that tightens scrutiny over the marketing of prescription drugs for unapproved uses. As of late Friday, word had leaked that the automakers’ request for a rollback was about to be granted, too. “After a relentless, eight-year regulatory onslaught that loaded unprecedented burdens on businesses and the economy, relief is finally on the way,” Thomas J. Donohue, the president of the United States Chamber of Commerce, wrote in a memo last week. But dozens of public interest groups — environmentalists, labor unions, consumer watchdogs — have weighed in on the potential threat to Americans’ well-being. “Americans did not vote to be exposed to more health, safety, environmental and financial dangers,” said one letter, signed by leaders of 137 nonprofit groups to the White House last week. In other cases, the Obama-era rules under attack have drawn objections even from some liberal groups that called them examples of overreach, like the American Civil Liberties Union’s protest of a system to block mentally ill people from buying guns. The regulatory retrenchment is unfolding on multiple fronts. Congress, with Mr. Trump’s approval, has erased three Obama-era rules in the last month, lifting regulations related to coal mining and oil and gas exploration, as well as the sale of guns to the mentally ill. More than 25 more rules could also be erased in the coming weeks; the House has already voted to eliminate nearly half. Mr. Trump has separately signed executive orders directing agencies to pursue the reversal of other rules, including a requirement that financial advisers act in the interest of their clients, and a rule aimed at protecting drinking water from pollution. New White House appointees at agencies including the Federal Communications Commission, the Securities and Exchange Commission, the Interior Department and the Environmental Protection Agency have also personally intervened in recent weeks to block, delay or start the process to nullify other rules, such as a requirement that corporations publish tallies comparing chief executive pay with average employee wages. The Trump administration has also imposed a broad regulatory freeze, instructing agencies to delay the adoption of any rules not already in effect, and to consider whether those rules should be targeted for elimination. And it has set up barriers to enact any new regulations — such as a requirement that for each new rule, at least two others must be identified for repeal — and ordered every federal agency to create a team of employees to look for more rules that can be eliminated. “By any empirical measure, it is a level of activity that has never been seen,” said Curtis W. Copeland, who spent decades studying federal regulatory policy on behalf of Congress while at the Congressional Research Service and the Government Accountability Office. “It is unprecedented.” Mr. Trump, in his address to Congress last week, called it “a historic effort to massively reduce job-crushing regulations,” a line that drew thunderous applause from Republicans. Presidents wield considerable influence over the rule-making process. They set the agenda and appoint the rule-makers, and, since the Reagan administration, a White House office has reviewed every major regulation to try to ensure that benefits to society exceeded compliance costs. It is not uncommon for new presidents to make quick changes in regulatory policy or try to reverse certain last-minute rules their predecessors enacted. Barack Obama, shortly after being elected president, pressed the E.P.A. to let the State of California set more stringent limits on auto emissions, a proposal that the Bush administration had rejected. But the courts have generally held that new administrations need to justify such reversals. The Reagan administration tried to rescind a rule requiring airbags in passenger vehicles. The courts found the move unjustified. “It is not a relevant or adequate defense to say that the president told us to do it,” said Michael Eric Herz, a professor at the Benjamin N. Cardozo School of Law in New York. The Trump administration could face a host of similar challenges — the requirement that agencies must find two regulations to eliminate before enacting any new rules is already being challenged in federal court. In addition, Democratic attorneys general from New York, Hawaii, Massachusetts, Oregon and Vermont have threatened in recent days to sue the Trump administration to try to block some of the regulatory rollbacks. It is a radical role reversal for state attorneys general — their Republican colleagues spent the last eight years suing the federal government to block the enactment of many Obama-era rules. Now the Democrats are planning to try to prevent many of these same rules from being revoked. “Demolish the administrative state? I don’t even know what that means,” Attorney General Maura Healey of Massachusetts said during a visit to Washington last week, where she and other state attorneys general met with Mr. Trump at the White House. The pushback has hardly deterred industry executives. The Business Roundtable, which represents some of the nation’s largest corporations and is led by Jamie Dimon, chief executive of JPMorgan Chase, in mid-February gave Mr. Trump a wish list of 16 rules it wanted killed, including the mandatory disclosure of how much chief executives are paid compared with other employees, and a rule intended to curb the trade in minerals that might benefit militant groups in parts of Africa. Efforts to repeal at least 10 of those measures are underway. “The majority of these regulations directly and negatively impact economic growth,” the executives said in their letter, adding that they were convinced that rules could be repealed “without undermining critical protections for consumer health, safety and the environment.” The reversals by federal regulators are happening, at times, at an extraordinary speed. Lawyers representing the National Mining Association, the American Petroleum Institute and other fossil fuel trade groups and companies asked the Interior Department on Feb. 17 to suspend a new rule changing the way these companies pay royalties for oil, gas or coal extracted from federal lands. While the lawyers called the requirement “impractical and in some cases impossible,” environmentalists and conservative nonprofit groups like Taxpayers for Common Sense praised the effort, saying that for decades energy companies had been underpaying the federal government. The new standard was expected to push up federal revenue by as much as $85 million annually. The Interior Department wrote the industry lawyers back five days later, telling them that the agency, after three years of backing the rule, would suspend enforcement of the new standards. “We agree you have raised serious questions,” the agency’s letter said. This shift in federal regulatory policy is already having implications for tens of thousands of citizens nationwide. Nearly two years ago, the Social Security Administration first moved to set up a new system that would automatically turn over to the Justice Department information it collects on Americans who are receiving federal benefits based on a disabling mental illness for inclusion in a database used for gun background checks. This would effectively prevent these individuals — an estimated 75,000 a year — from buying guns unless they sought a Justice Department waiver after being rejected, given the longstanding federal limitation on the sale of firearms to individuals with known mental illnesses. Groups like the National Rifle Association, the A.C.L.U. and the National Alliance on Mental Illness objected to the provision, which had been scheduled to go into effect in January. They argued that it unfairly presumed a tendency toward violence by a wide range of people with mental disabilities, including conditions like bulimia and obsessive compulsive disorder. Mr. Trump signed legislation on Tuesday revoking that rule under the Congressional Review Act, which gives Congress a limited window to overturn the decisions of regulatory agencies. A total of 46 such Congressional Review Act resolutions are now pending in Congress, on topics including air pollution, unemployment compensation, endangered species listings, debit card fees and oil and gas drilling on federal lands as well as the Arctic Outer Continental Shelf. The act, first adopted in 1996, had been used only once before to nullify a regulation, at the start of the Bush administration in 2001, when a Clinton-era rule was revoked. Rules not subject to congressional review may still be at risk. The most radical shift has perhaps come at the Federal Communications Commission, which voted on Wednesday to halt new government rules related to data security from taking effect this week, after objections were raised by companies including Comcast, Verizon and AT&T. Ajit Pai, a Republican whom Mr. Trump recently named as the F.C.C. chairman, has also made clear that he intends to push to roll back or abandon several other major rules, including the landmark net neutrality regulation intended to ensure equal access to content on the internet, as well as efforts to keep prison phone rates down and a proposal to break open the cable box market. The efforts have been praised by telecommunications giants, like Comcast, but condemned by consumer advocates. The administration started its campaign against regulation on the afternoon of Inauguration Day, with a memo from Reince Priebus, Mr. Trump’s chief of staff, instructing agencies to halt work on new regulations and to delay putting completed regulations into effect. So far, the effective dates of at least 75 rules have been delayed as a result of this order, based on an analysis of the Federal Register. That includes a measure intended to prevent potentially toxic formaldehyde exposure in homes caused by certain furniture products — an effort that has been underway since victims of Hurricane Katrina in 2005 were moved into contaminated government-issued trailers. Such delays are not uncommon with new presidents — both George W. Bush and Mr. Obama did the same, to differing degrees. And certain measures are still going into effect as the Trump administration gets underway, including one that prohibits smoking in public housing nationwide as of Feb. 3. Still, the general Trump administration freeze has drawn broad opposition, some of it surprising. The Department of Agriculture has delayed a rule that would make it easier for chicken farmers to sue chicken processors. Business groups, including the National Federation of Independent Business, want to kill the rule. But small-scale chicken farmers are fighting back. Mike Weaver, a West Virginia farmer who said he had voted for Mr. Trump and was pleased with most of what he had seen so far, said he wished Mr. Trump would meet with farmers. “I’d love to have a visit with the president about this, to tell him that these are federal regulations, yes, but these are good regulations,” said Mr. Weaver, the president of a small-farm group called the Organization for Competitive Markets. “These are regulations that we want implemented.” Sign up for free newsletters and get more of the Post-Gazette delivered to your inbox Most Read Most Emailed Advertisement Most Commented Your e-mail: Your Name: Friends e-mail: Friends Name: Message: Captcha Submit Advertisement Create a free PG account. Register - FREE Already have an account? Login Subscribe to the PG Subscribe Customize your free Newsletter Preferences Email Preferences Advertisement Advertisement Pittsburgh Post-Gazette HOME NEWS LOCAL SPORTS OPINION A & E LIFE BUSINESS VIDEO PHOTO CLASSIFIEDS JOBS CIRCULARS CARS REAL ESTATE PG STORE WEDDINGS Site Map Media Kit About Us RSS Feeds Technical Help? Terms of Use Privacy Policy PG Sites: Sports Blogs PowerSource Staff Blogs Community Voices Early Returns Sportstown Pittsburgh Mom The Digs Special Projects Plate Pets Social Media: Twitter:   News   Customer Care Facebook Pinterest Google+ Help: Subscriber services Online support center Products and services Today’s PGe Contact Us Subscribe: Home Delivery Digital Subscriptions Email Newsletters Copyright © 1997—2017 PG Publishing Co., Inc. All Rights Reserved.
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance First Merchants Co. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for First Merchants Co. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Scotiabank Reiterates Outperform Rating for Advantage Oil & Gas Ltd. (AAV) Raymond James Financial, Inc. Raises Canadian Apartment Properties REIT (CAR.UN) Price Target to C$35.00 Bank of Nova Scotia (BNS) PT Raised to C$86.00 at Desjardins Scotiabank Boosts Avigilon Corp (AVO) Price Target to C$16.00 LPL Financial Holdings Inc (lpla) to Issue Quarterly Dividend of $0.25 on March 24th Brokers Issue Forecasts for Babcock & Wilcox Enterprises Inc’s Q1 2017 Earnings (BW) Ideal Power Inc. (IPWR) Insider Buys $19,812.00 in Stock Cameco Corp (CCO) Director James Allan Dobchuk Buys 1,470 Shares Fossil Group Inc (FOSL) PT Lowered to $12.00 TD Securities Reiterates “Buy” Rating for Cascades Inc (CAS) Edge Therapeutics Inc (EDGE) Rating Reiterated by Leerink Swann Beaufort Securities Reaffirms “Speculative Buy” Rating for Amryt Pharma PLC (AMYT) Tritax Big Box REIT PLC (BBOX) Receives “Hold” Rating from Liberum Capital Deutsche Bank AG Boosts G4S plc (GFS) Price Target to GBX 230 Old Line Bancshares, Inc. (MD) (olbk) To Go Ex-Dividend on March 8th Pernix Therapeutics Holdings Inc (PTX) Scheduled to Post Earnings on Wednesday Savanna Energy Services Corp. (SVY) Scheduled to Post Earnings on Wednesday William Blair Analysts Increase Earnings Estimates for 3D Systems Co. (DDD) Carrols Restaurant Group, Inc. (TAST) PT Lowered to $17.00 United Continental Holdings Inc (UAL) Rating Reiterated by Sanford C. Bernstein Comerica Bank Purchases 19,910 Shares of First Merchants Co. (FRME) March 6th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Trevor Kearing Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Comerica Bank raised its position in First Merchants Co. (NASDAQ:FRME) by 31.7% during the fourth quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The firm owned 82,736 shares of the company’s stock after buying an additional 19,910 shares during the period. Comerica Bank’s holdings in First Merchants were worth $3,049,000 at the end of the most recent quarter. Several other hedge funds and other institutional investors have also modified their holdings of the company. Ngam Advisors L.P. raised its position in shares of First Merchants by 5.9% in the third quarter. Ngam Advisors L.P. now owns 204,250 shares of the company’s stock worth $5,464,000 after buying an additional 11,424 shares during the period. JPMorgan Chase & Co. raised its position in shares of First Merchants by 11.5% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 164,654 shares of the company’s stock worth $4,404,000 after buying an additional 16,944 shares during the period. PNC Financial Services Group Inc. raised its position in shares of First Merchants by 7.8% in the third quarter. PNC Financial Services Group Inc. now owns 70,783 shares of the company’s stock worth $1,893,000 after buying an additional 5,097 shares during the period. Alps Advisors Inc. acquired a new position in shares of First Merchants during the third quarter worth approximately $413,000. Finally, First Trust Advisors LP raised its position in shares of First Merchants by 30.0% in the third quarter. First Trust Advisors LP now owns 60,034 shares of the company’s stock worth $1,606,000 after buying an additional 13,856 shares during the period. Institutional investors own 74.71% of the company’s stock. First Merchants Co. (NASDAQ:FRME) opened at 40.11 on Monday. The firm has a market capitalization of $1.64 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 20.26 and a beta of 1.01. The company has a 50 day moving average price of $39.25 and a 200-day moving average price of $32.77. First Merchants Co. has a 52 week low of $22.63 and a 52 week high of $42.17. First Merchants (NASDAQ:FRME) last posted its quarterly earnings results on Thursday, January 26th. The company reported $0.55 earnings per share for the quarter, beating the Zacks’ consensus estimate of $0.50 by $0.05. First Merchants had a return on equity of 9.16% and a net margin of 25.41%. Equities analysts predict that First Merchants Co. will post $2.21 earnings per share for the current year. The business also recently declared a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Friday, March 17th. Shareholders of record on Friday, March 3rd will be paid a $0.15 dividend. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Wednesday, March 1st. This represents a $0.60 dividend on an annualized basis and a yield of 1.50%. First Merchants’s dividend payout ratio is 30.30%. “Comerica Bank Purchases 19,910 Shares of First Merchants Co. (FRME)” was first posted by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are reading this article on another site, it was stolen and republished in violation of U.S. and international copyright & trademark law. The legal version of this article can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/03/06/comerica-bank-purchases-19910-shares-of-first-merchants-co-frme.html. Separately, Zacks Investment Research upgraded First Merchants from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $37.00 price target for the company in a report on Monday, November 21st. In other news, insider Michael J. Stewart sold 5,000 shares of First Merchants stock in a transaction that occurred on Friday, December 16th. The stock was sold at an average price of $36.59, for a total transaction of $182,950.00. The sale was disclosed in a filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is available through this link. Also, Director Gary Lehman bought 6,880 shares of First Merchants stock in a transaction dated Wednesday, February 1st. The shares were acquired at an average price of $16.23 per share, with a total value of $111,662.40. Following the completion of the purchase, the director now directly owns 35,590 shares in the company, valued at approximately $577,625.70. The disclosure for this purchase can be found here. Over the last 90 days, insiders acquired 6,949 shares of company stock valued at $114,305. Corporate insiders own 1.62% of the company’s stock. First Merchants Company Profile First Merchants Corporation is a financial holding Company. The Company has a bank charter, First Merchants Bank, National Association (the Bank), which is opened for business in Muncie, Indiana. The Bank also operates Lafayette Bank and Trust, Ameriana Bank, Ameriana Financial Services and First Merchants Trust Company as divisions of First Merchants Bank, N.A. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding FRME? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for First Merchants Co. (NASDAQ:FRME). Receive News & Ratings for First Merchants Co. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for First Merchants Co. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News New Travel Ban by President Trump Could be Announced Monday Hackers Accessed Private Email of Mike Pence While He Was Governor President Trump’s First Address Optimistic Trump Asking for Steep Increases in Spending for Military President Trump Wants the Largest Nuclear Arsenal © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact US Privacy Policy Staff Daily Email Updates Headlines Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Investing Jardine Lloyd Thompson Group plc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Jardine Lloyd Thompson Group plc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Recent Posts Canadian Apartment Properties REIT (CAR.UN) Price Target Raised to C$36.00 Bank of Montreal (BMO) Price Target Raised to C$110.00 CIBC Boosts Avigilon Corp (AVO) Price Target to C$18.00 Investment Analysts’ Recent Ratings Updates for Pure Storage (PSTG) Enzymotec Ltd (ENZY) Receives Consensus Rating of “Hold” from Brokerages Daimler AG (DDAIF) Given $74.94 Average Target Price by Analysts Zacks: Analysts Set $1.50 Price Target for UQM Technologies Inc (UQM) Tucows Inc. (TCX) Receives Average Rating of “Hold” from Brokerages Zacks: Arotech Co. (ARTX) Given $4.50 Consensus Target Price by Analysts Bernard D. Berman Purchases 15,000 Shares of Fifth Street Finance Corp. (FSC) Stock Thomas L. Carter, Jr. Purchases 14,000 Shares of Black Stone Minerals LP (BSM) Stock Cotiviti Holdings Inc (COTV) Now Covered by Raymond James Financial, Inc. Canadian Western Bank (CWB) Stock Rating Upgraded by CIBC Cipher Pharmaceuticals Inc (CPH) Rating Reiterated by TD Securities Senior plc (SNR) Given “Neutral” Rating at JPMorgan Chase & Co. Barratt Developments Plc (BDEV) Receives Sell Rating from Liberum Capital WesBanco Inc (WSBC) to Issue Quarterly Dividend of $0.26 on April 1st Research Frontiers, Inc. (REFR) Set to Announce Earnings on Wednesday 3D Systems Co. (DDD) Expected to Earn Q1 2017 Earnings of $0.08 Per Share Goldman Sachs Group Inc Initiates Coverage on Infosys Ltd (INFY) Jardine Lloyd Thompson Group plc (JLT) Earns “Neutral” Rating from JPMorgan Chase & Co. Posted by William Strong on Mar 6th, 2017 // No Comments Tweet JPMorgan Chase & Co. reaffirmed their neutral rating on shares of Jardine Lloyd Thompson Group plc (LON:JLT) in a research report report published on Wednesday. They currently have a GBX 900 ($11.21) target price on the stock, up from their previous target price of GBX 850 ($10.59). Several other equities research analysts have also commented on JLT. Numis Securities Ltd restated an add rating and set a GBX 1,150 ($14.33) price target on shares of Jardine Lloyd Thompson Group plc in a research note on Tuesday, November 8th. Canaccord Genuity dropped their price target on Jardine Lloyd Thompson Group plc from GBX 1,080 ($13.45) to GBX 1,070 ($13.33) and set a buy rating for the company in a research note on Tuesday, November 8th. HSBC Holdings plc restated a buy rating and set a GBX 1,100 ($13.70) price target on shares of Jardine Lloyd Thompson Group plc in a research note on Friday, November 25th. Royal Bank of Canada restated an outperform rating and set a GBX 1,150 ($14.33) price target on shares of Jardine Lloyd Thompson Group plc in a research note on Wednesday, December 7th. Finally, Stockdale Securities upped their price target on Jardine Lloyd Thompson Group plc from GBX 1,000 ($12.46) to GBX 1,110 ($13.83) and gave the stock a neutral rating in a research note on Tuesday, January 17th. Four research analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and six have assigned a buy rating to the stock. The company has an average rating of Buy and an average price target of GBX 1,102.38 ($13.73). Shares of Jardine Lloyd Thompson Group plc (LON:JLT) opened at 1120.00 on Wednesday. The stock’s market cap is GBX 2.46 billion. Jardine Lloyd Thompson Group plc has a 1-year low of GBX 817.00 and a 1-year high of GBX 1,138.00. The company’s 50-day moving average price is GBX 1,024.84 and its 200 day moving average price is GBX 999.98. “Jardine Lloyd Thompson Group plc (JLT) Earns “Neutral” Rating from JPMorgan Chase & Co.” was originally reported by Web Breaking News and is the property of of Web Breaking News. If you are reading this piece of content on another site, it was copied illegally and republished in violation of US & international trademark & copyright laws. The legal version of this piece of content can be read at http://www.webbreakingnews.com/2017/03/06/jardine-lloyd-thompson-group-plc-jlt-earns-neutral-rating-from-jpmorgan-chase-co.html. The company also recently declared a dividend, which will be paid on Thursday, May 4th. Shareholders of record on Thursday, March 30th will be paid a dividend of GBX 20.60 ($0.26) per share. The ex-dividend date is Thursday, March 30th. This is a positive change from Jardine Lloyd Thompson Group plc’s previous dividend of $11.60. This represents a yield of 2%. In other news, insider Annette Court purchased 1,000 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction on Wednesday, March 1st. The stock was bought at an average cost of GBX 1,032 ($12.86) per share, for a total transaction of £10,320 ($12,856.61). Insiders have acquired 2,042 shares of company stock valued at $2,071,224 over the last 90 days. About Jardine Lloyd Thompson Group plc Jardine Lloyd Thompson Group plc (JLT) is a provider of insurance, reinsurance and employee benefits related advice, brokerage and associated services. The Company operates through three segments: Risk & Insurance, Employee Benefits, and Head Office & Other operations. The Risk & Insurance segment consists of JLT’s global specialist, wholesale, reinsurance broking, personal lines, and small and medium-sized enterprises (SME) activities. Receive News & Ratings for Jardine Lloyd Thompson Group plc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Jardine Lloyd Thompson Group plc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter. « Previous Insider Selling: E.W. Scripps Company (The) (SSP) Director Sells $1,370,400.00 in Stock Next » Jupiter Fund Management PLC (JUP) PT Lowered to GBX 375 at Credit Suisse Group AG Latest News Nike Suspends Relationship with Maria Sharapova Rob Bironas Ex-Titans Kicker Dies in Car Crash Ron Washington Leaves Texas Rangers Due to an Affair Jonathan Dwyer Falls in Line with Other Banned NFL Players Tony Stewart Case Going to the Grand Jury Oscar Pistorius “Blade Runner” Found Not Guilty of Murder Leave a Reply Click here to cancel reply. Name (Required) Mail (will not be published) (Required) Website   Home Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Headlines Investing © 2006-2017 Web Breaking News.
on Serving Central Oregon since 1903 Tuesday, March 7, 2017 Subscriber Sign In Manage Account Subscribe Toggle navigation Local/State Education Environment Bend Deschutes County Politics OSU-Cascades Marijuana Business Real Estate Sports High School Ducks Beavers Golf Community Sports Outdoors Lifestyle Restaurants Drinks Food Home & Garden Family Milestones Travel Outdoors Cook Like a Chef Opinion Editorials Letters to the Editor Endorsements Submission Policies Erik Lukens column Health Pulse Magazine Entertainment Events Music Movies GO! Arts Restaurants Drinks Books TV Obits Jobs MORE Nation Outdoors Events Classifieds Webcams Special Publications BendHomes.com Subscribe Digital Newsstand Slideshows Submit a photo Reader Comments Home Local/State Business Sports Lifestyle Entertainment Obits Jobs Events Classifieds Webcams BendHomes.com Slideshows Submit a photo Movies GO! Restaurants Home Nation / World Under Trump, regulatory leashes are coming off print Share | e-mail Facebook Tweet StumbleUpon Google 2987707 false President Donald Trump signs back-to-back executive orders in the White House on Feb. 28. In its first month and a half, the Trump administration has already delayed, suspended or reversed more than 90 regulations. (Stephen Crowley/The New York Times) Click here to enlarge image Under Trump, regulatory leashes are coming off By Eric Lipton and Binyamin Appelbaum / New York Times News Service Published Mar 6, 2017 at 12:02AM WASHINGTON — Giants in telecommunications like Verizon and AT&T will not have to take “reasonable measures” to ensure their customers’ Social Security numbers, web browsing history and other personal information are not stolen or accidentally released. Wall Street banks like Goldman Sachs and JPMorgan Chase will not be punished, at least for now, for not collecting extra money from customers to cover potential losses from certain kinds of high-risk trades that helped unleash the 2008 financial crisis. And Social Security Administration data will no longer be used to try to block individuals with disabling mental health issues from buying handguns, nor will hunters be banned from using lead-based bullets, which can accidentally poison wildlife, on 150 million acres of federal lands. These are just a few of the more than 90 regulations that federal agencies and the Republican-controlled Congress have delayed, suspended or reversed in the month and a half since President Donald Trump took office, according to a tally by The New York Times. The emerging effort — dozens more rules could be eliminated in the coming weeks — is one of the most significant shifts in regulatory policy in recent decades. It is the leading edge of what Stephen Bannon, Trump’s chief strategist, described late last month as “the deconstruction of the administrative state.” In many cases, records show that the changes came after appeals by corporate lobbyists and trade association executives, who see a potentially historic opportunity to lower compliance costs and drive up profits. Slashing regulations, they argue, will unleash economic growth. On a near daily basis, regulated industries are sending in specific requests to the Trump administration for more rollbacks, including recent appeals from 17 automakers to rescind an agreement to increase mileage standards for their fleets, and another from pharmaceutical industry figures to reverse a new rule that tightens scrutiny over the marketing of prescription drugs for unapproved uses. As of late Friday, word had leaked that the automakers’ request for a rollback was about to be granted, too. “After a relentless, eight-year regulatory onslaught that loaded unprecedented burdens on businesses and the economy, relief is finally on the way,” Thomas Donohue, president of the U.S. Chamber of Commerce, wrote in a memo last week. But dozens of public interest groups — environmentalists, labor unions, consumer watchdogs — have weighed in on the potential threat to Americans’ well-being. “Americans did not vote to be exposed to more health, safety, environmental and financial dangers,” said one letter, signed by leaders of 137 nonprofit groups to the White House last week. In other cases, the Obama-era rules under attack have drawn objections even from some liberal groups that called them examples of overreach, like the American Civil Liberties Union’s protest of a system to block mentally ill people from buying guns. The regulatory retrenchment is unfolding on multiple fronts. Congress, with Trump’s approval, has erased three Obama-era rules in the last month, lifting regulations related to coal mining and oil and gas exploration, as well as the sale of guns to the mentally ill. More than 25 more rules could also be erased in the coming weeks; the House has voted to eliminate nearly half. Trump has separately signed executive orders directing agencies to pursue the reversal of other rules, including a requirement that financial advisers act in the interest of their clients, and a rule aimed at protecting drinking water from pollution. New White House appointees at agencies including the Federal Communications Commission, the Securities and Exchange Commission, the Interior Department and the Environmental Protection Agency have also personally intervened in recent weeks to block, delay or start the process to nullify other rules, such as a requirement that corporations publish tallies comparing chief executive pay with average employee wages. Presidential influence Presidents wield considerable influence over the rule-making process. They set the agenda and appoint the rule-makers, and, since the Reagan administration, a White House office has reviewed every major regulation to try to ensure that benefits to society exceeded compliance costs. It is not uncommon for new presidents to make quick changes in regulatory policy or try to reverse certain last-minute rules their predecessors enacted. Barack Obama, shortly after being elected president, pressed the EPA to let the state of California set more stringent limits on auto emissions, a proposal that the Bush administration had rejected. But the courts have generally held that new administrations need to justify such reversals. The Reagan administration tried to rescind a rule requiring air bags in passenger vehicles. The courts found the move unjustified. “It is not a relevant or adequate defense to say that the president told us to do it,” said Michael Eric Herz, a professor at the Benjamin N. Cardozo School of Law in New York. The Trump administration could face similar challenges — the requirement that agencies must find two regulations to eliminate before enacting any new rules is being challenged in federal court. In addition, Democratic attorneys general from New York, Hawaii, Massachusetts, Oregon and Vermont have threatened in recent days to sue the Trump administration to try to block some of the regulatory rollbacks. Effects on citizens This shift in federal regulatory policy is having implications for tens of thousands of citizens nationwide. Nearly two years ago, the Social Security Administration first moved to set up a new system that would automatically turn over to the Justice Department information it collects on Americans who are receiving federal benefits based on a disabling mental illness for inclusion in a database used for gun background checks. This would effectively prevent these individuals — an estimated 75,000 per year — from buying guns unless they sought a Justice Department waiver after being rejected, given the long-standing federal limitation on the sale of firearms to individuals with known mental illnesses. Groups like the National Rifle Association, the ACLU and the National Alliance on Mental Illness objected to the provision, which had been scheduled to go into effect in January. They argued that it unfairly presumed a tendency toward violence by a wide range of people with mental disabilities, including conditions like bulimia and obsessive compulsive disorder. Trump signed legislation Tuesday revoking that rule under the Congressional Review Act, which gives Congress a limited window to overturn the decisions of regulatory agencies. A total of 46 such Congressional Review Act resolutions are pending in Congress, on topics including air pollution, unemployment compensation, endangered species listings, debit card fees and oil and gas drilling on federal lands as well as the Arctic Outer Continental Shelf. The act, first adopted in 1996, had been used only once before to nullify a regulation, at the start of the Bush administration in 2001, when a Clinton-era rule was revoked. Rules not subject to congressional review may still be at risk. The most radical shift has perhaps come at the Federal Communications Commission, which voted Wednesday to halt new government rules related to data security from taking effect this week, after objections were raised by companies including Comcast, Verizon and AT&T. Ajit Pai, a Republican whom Trump recently named FCC chairman, has also made clear that he intends to push to roll back or abandon several other major rules, including the landmark net neutrality regulation intended to ensure equal access to content on the internet, as well as efforts to keep prison phone rates down and a proposal to break open the cable box market. The efforts have been praised by telecommunications giants, like Comcast, but condemned by consumer advocates. 16642015 View next article in Nation & World     Get Central Oregon's top headlines delivered to your inbox every morning GO print version Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. comments powered by Disqus This image is copyrighted. To purchase photo click here! Close window Get daily headlines to your inbox GO Connect with The Bulletin Popular Comments Popular stories for Nation / World Canadian bacteria fossils may be oldest ever found 03/02/2017 Tiny, tubular structures uncovered in ancient Canadian rocks could be remnants of ... more Uber used its app to block law enforcement 03/03/2017 Uber has for years engaged in a worldwide program to deceive authorities ... more Sessions steps away from Russia inquiry 03/03/2017 WASHINGTON — Attorney General Jeff Sessions, facing a storm of criticism over ... more Mentally disabled and turned down for a transplant 03/05/2017 Paul Corby needs a new heart. On that there is no dispute. ... more A voice for autistic students or ‘false hope?’ 03/02/2017 In a science class at Lakelands Park Middle School, 13-year-old Mike Keller ... more Recent article comments» View more comments» Comments powered by Disqus The Bulletin Contact Us Staff Directory Advertise with Us Frequently Asked Questions Privacy Policy Terms of Use Careers Connect with The Bulletin Subscriptions New Subscription Vacation Hold Back Copies Share Because You Care Newspapers In Education Subscription Rates General Account Help Our Partners Baker City Herald La Grande Observer Northeast Oregon Classifieds Union Democrat Del Norte Triplicate Curry Coastal Pilot Central Oregon Nickel Bend Homes Northwest Web Press Quick Links Digital Newsstand Special Ad Sections Restaurant Guide Obituaries TV Listings Movie Listings ODOT Web Cams Oregon Lottery Parade Magazine Submit an Event Submit a worship service Photos Submit Photos View Reader Photos View Bulletin Photos Purchase Photos Explore more of Central Oregon with a subscription to The Bulletin. Subscribe © 2017 The Bulletin | A Western Communications Company | All Rights Reserved | 1777 Chandler Ave, Bend, OR 97702 | Email Contacts | 541-382-1811 Quick links Contact Us Frequently Asked Questions Manage Account ODOT Web Cams Movie Listings Restaurant Guide Submit Photos Submit an Event © 2017 The Bulletin | A Western Communications Company | All Rights Reserved | 1777 Chandler Ave, Bend, OR 97702 | Contact us | 541-382-1811
Home About/Contact US Privacy Policy Staff Daily Email Updates Headlines Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Investing Beazley PLC - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Beazley PLC with our FREE daily email newsletter: Recent Posts Bayerische Motoren Werke AG (BMW) Given a €81.00 Price Target by Morgan Stanley Analysts Shutterstock Inc (SSTK) Stock Rating Lowered by Zacks Investment Research Regal Entertainment Group (RGC) Position Boosted by Envestnet Asset Management Inc. Akorn, Inc. (AKRX) PT Set at $21.00 by RBC Capital Markets Dycom Industries, Inc. (DY) PT Raised to $120.00 at FBR & Co Pacira Pharmaceuticals Inc (PCRX) Rating Reiterated by Wedbush Zacks Investment Research Lowers Nidec Co. (NJDCY) to Hold Canaccord Genuity Reaffirms Hold Rating for Square Inc (SQ) BMO Capital Markets Lowers Retrophin Inc (RTRX) Price Target to $45.00 Geron Co. (GERN) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Needham & Company LLC FBR & Co Lowers Colony NorthStar Inc (CLNS) Price Target to $16.00 Mitsubishi UFJ Financial Group Inc (MTU) Receives Consensus Rating of “Buy” from Analysts Spark Energy Inc (SPKE) Given Consensus Recommendation of “Buy” by Analysts Brokerages Set Penske Automotive Group, Inc. (PAG) Target Price at $51.00 Silver Bay Realty Trust Corp (SBY) Receives Consensus Recommendation of “Hold” from Analysts Hershey Co (HSY) PT Raised to $114.00 Churchill Downs, Inc. (CHDN) PT Raised to $169.00 TerraForm Power Inc (TERP) Rating Increased to Buy at Zacks Investment Research Achaogen Inc (AKAO) PT Raised to $28.00 Danaher Co. (DHR) Shares Bought by Zurich Insurance Group Ltd FI Beazley PLC (BEZ) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by JPMorgan Chase & Co. Posted by Jacob Kohn on Mar 6th, 2017 // No Comments Tweet Beazley PLC (LON:BEZ)‘s stock had its “overweight” rating reaffirmed by equities research analysts at JPMorgan Chase & Co. in a note issued to investors on Thursday. Several other brokerages have also recently weighed in on BEZ. Stockdale Securities lifted their price objective on shares of Beazley PLC from GBX 400 ($4.98) to GBX 410 ($5.11) and gave the stock a “neutral” rating in a research note on Tuesday, February 7th. Numis Securities Ltd reiterated a “buy” rating on shares of Beazley PLC in a research note on Tuesday, February 7th. Shore Capital reiterated a “buy” rating on shares of Beazley PLC in a research note on Thursday, February 9th. Macquarie reiterated an “underperform” rating and issued a GBX 312 ($3.89) price objective on shares of Beazley PLC in a research note on Tuesday, February 21st. Finally, Peel Hunt reiterated a “reduce” rating and issued a GBX 350 ($4.36) price objective on shares of Beazley PLC in a research note on Friday, February 3rd. Two investment analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, two have issued a hold rating and five have given a buy rating to the company. The company presently has a consensus rating of “Hold” and a consensus price target of GBX 352.50 ($4.39). Shares of Beazley PLC (LON:BEZ) opened at 423.9365 on Thursday. Beazley PLC has a 1-year low of GBX 313.90 and a 1-year high of GBX 450.20. The company’s market capitalization is GBX 2.19 billion. The stock’s 50 day moving average is GBX 409.73 and its 200 day moving average is GBX 392.44. The company also recently announced a dividend, which will be paid on Wednesday, March 29th. Stockholders of record on Thursday, March 2nd will be given a GBX 17 ($0.21) dividend. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Thursday, March 2nd. This is a boost from Beazley PLC’s previous dividend of $3.50. This represents a dividend yield of 3.91%. “Beazley PLC (BEZ) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by JPMorgan Chase & Co.” was first posted by Web Breaking News and is the property of of Web Breaking News. If you are reading this article on another site, it was stolen and reposted in violation of U.S. & international trademark & copyright laws. The original version of this article can be viewed at http://www.webbreakingnews.com/2017/03/06/beazley-plc-bez-stock-rating-reaffirmed-by-jpmorgan-chase-co.html. In other news, insider Clive Washbourn sold 90,478 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Monday, February 13th. The shares were sold at an average price of GBX 424 ($5.28), for a total value of £383,626.72 ($477,920.42). Also, insider Robert A. Stuchbery bought 10,600 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction dated Tuesday, December 6th. The stock was purchased at an average price of GBX 377 ($4.70) per share, with a total value of £39,962 ($49,784.48). Beazley PLC Company Profile Receive News & Ratings for Beazley PLC Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Beazley PLC and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter. « Previous Liberum Capital Reiterates Buy Rating for Bodycote PLC (BOY) Next » Bodycote PLC (BOY) Downgraded by JPMorgan Chase & Co. Latest News Nike Suspends Relationship with Maria Sharapova Rob Bironas Ex-Titans Kicker Dies in Car Crash Ron Washington Leaves Texas Rangers Due to an Affair Jonathan Dwyer Falls in Line with Other Banned NFL Players Tony Stewart Case Going to the Grand Jury Oscar Pistorius “Blade Runner” Found Not Guilty of Murder Leave a Reply Click here to cancel reply. Name (Required) Mail (will not be published) (Required) Website   Home Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Headlines Investing © 2006-2017 Web Breaking News.
Home About/Contact US Privacy Policy Staff Daily Email Updates Headlines Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Investing Bodycote PLC - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Bodycote PLC with our FREE daily email newsletter: Recent Posts Canadian Apartment Properties REIT (CAR.UN) Price Target Raised to C$36.00 Bank of Montreal (BMO) Price Target Raised to C$110.00 CIBC Boosts Avigilon Corp (AVO) Price Target to C$18.00 Investment Analysts’ Recent Ratings Updates for Pure Storage (PSTG) Enzymotec Ltd (ENZY) Receives Consensus Rating of “Hold” from Brokerages Daimler AG (DDAIF) Given $74.94 Average Target Price by Analysts Zacks: Analysts Set $1.50 Price Target for UQM Technologies Inc (UQM) Tucows Inc. (TCX) Receives Average Rating of “Hold” from Brokerages Zacks: Arotech Co. (ARTX) Given $4.50 Consensus Target Price by Analysts Bernard D. Berman Purchases 15,000 Shares of Fifth Street Finance Corp. (FSC) Stock Thomas L. Carter, Jr. Purchases 14,000 Shares of Black Stone Minerals LP (BSM) Stock Cotiviti Holdings Inc (COTV) Now Covered by Raymond James Financial, Inc. Canadian Western Bank (CWB) Stock Rating Upgraded by CIBC Cipher Pharmaceuticals Inc (CPH) Rating Reiterated by TD Securities Senior plc (SNR) Given “Neutral” Rating at JPMorgan Chase & Co. Barratt Developments Plc (BDEV) Receives Sell Rating from Liberum Capital WesBanco Inc (WSBC) to Issue Quarterly Dividend of $0.26 on April 1st Research Frontiers, Inc. (REFR) Set to Announce Earnings on Wednesday 3D Systems Co. (DDD) Expected to Earn Q1 2017 Earnings of $0.08 Per Share Goldman Sachs Group Inc Initiates Coverage on Infosys Ltd (INFY) Bodycote PLC (BOY) Downgraded by JPMorgan Chase & Co. Posted by Jacob Kohn on Mar 6th, 2017 // No Comments Tweet JPMorgan Chase & Co. cut shares of Bodycote PLC (LON:BOY) to a neutral rating in a research note published on Wednesday morning. They currently have GBX 770 ($9.59) target price on the stock, up from their prior target price of GBX 680 ($8.47). Other analysts have also recently issued reports about the stock. HSBC Holdings plc reissued a buy rating and set a GBX 675 ($8.41) price target on shares of Bodycote PLC in a research note on Monday, December 5th. Deutsche Bank AG reissued a buy rating and set a GBX 685 ($8.53) price target on shares of Bodycote PLC in a research note on Monday, November 21st. Beaufort Securities reissued a buy rating on shares of Bodycote PLC in a research note on Monday, November 21st. N+1 Singer reissued a buy rating and set a GBX 690 ($8.60) price target on shares of Bodycote PLC in a research note on Friday, November 18th. Finally, Jefferies Group LLC reissued a buy rating and set a GBX 690 ($8.60) price target on shares of Bodycote PLC in a research note on Tuesday, November 1st. One equities research analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, four have assigned a hold rating and ten have given a buy rating to the company’s stock. The stock has a consensus rating of Buy and an average target price of GBX 696.54 ($8.68). Bodycote PLC (LON:BOY) opened at 821.4304 on Wednesday. Bodycote PLC has a 52-week low of GBX 500.00 and a 52-week high of GBX 822.50. The firm’s 50-day moving average is GBX 667.18 and its 200 day moving average is GBX 620.26. The stock’s market capitalization is GBX 1.56 billion. This article was published by Web Breaking News and is the sole property of of Web Breaking News. If you are accessing this article on another website, it was illegally copied and republished in violation of U.S. & international copyright legislation. The legal version of this article can be accessed at http://www.webbreakingnews.com/2017/03/06/bodycote-plc-boy-downgraded-by-jpmorgan-chase-co.html. The business also recently disclosed a dividend, which will be paid on Friday, June 2nd. Investors of record on Thursday, April 20th will be issued a dividend of GBX 10.80 ($0.13) per share. This represents a dividend yield of 1.37%. This is a positive change from Bodycote PLC’s previous dividend of $5.00. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Thursday, April 20th. Bodycote PLC Company Profile Bodycote plc is a provider of thermal processing services. The Company has six segments, split between Aerospace, Defense and Energy (ADE) and Automotive and General Industrial (AGI) business areas: ADE-Western Europe; ADE-North America; ADE-Emerging markets; AGI-Western Europe; AGI-North America, and AGI-Emerging markets. Receive News & Ratings for Bodycote PLC Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Bodycote PLC and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter. « Previous Beazley PLC (BEZ) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by JPMorgan Chase & Co. Next » BBA Aviation plc’s (BBA) Sell Rating Reiterated at Liberum Capital Latest News Nike Suspends Relationship with Maria Sharapova Rob Bironas Ex-Titans Kicker Dies in Car Crash Ron Washington Leaves Texas Rangers Due to an Affair Jonathan Dwyer Falls in Line with Other Banned NFL Players Tony Stewart Case Going to the Grand Jury Oscar Pistorius “Blade Runner” Found Not Guilty of Murder Leave a Reply Click here to cancel reply. Name (Required) Mail (will not be published) (Required) Website   Home Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Headlines Investing © 2006-2017 Web Breaking News.
Home Packages Telecom Startups Gadgets Contact Skip links Skip to primary navigation Skip to content Skip to primary sidebar Home Packages Telecom Startups Gadgets Contact This Software Does in Seconds What Took Lawyers 360,000 Work Hours Rehan Ahmed 4 days ago JP Morgan Chase & Co, one of the world’s biggest banking and financial services company, has a massive technology budget of $9.6 billion and employs around 20,000 developers. They are trying to leverage modern technology to drastically reduce the workload on its lawyers. Their strategy has focused mainly on developing tools that could automate mundane tasks for bankers as well as clients. Finally, they are seeing some of the efforts pay off. Their new software, called Contract Intelligence (COIN), has the task of interpreting commercial-loan agreements and was implemented in June last year. The task, when done by lawyers and loan officers, could take up as many as 360,000 hours of work annually. COIN, on the other hand, is capable of reviewing documents in mere seconds. It is also less prone to error, specifically cutting down on loan-servicing mistakes— a common human error. The software is the result of some huge investments made by JP Morgan in technologies like machine learning as well as a new private cloud network. The biggest bank in the United States, the firm has set up technology hubs for teams specializing in fields like big data, robotics and cloud infrastructure and keeps a track of around 2,000 technology ventures. Work, which could previously take hundreds of thousands of lawyer hours, is now being done with the help of a software that uses machine learning and big data. Automation softwares are in demand these days. A Pakistani entrepreneur also caught the headlines recently when he, bored of the repetitive work he was required to do, automated his whole job, and then made a thriving startup out of it. via Bloomberg Image Credits — MovedAndShaken Primary Sidebar Viral Stories Pakistan and Genetically Modified Crops: Is the Risk Worth the Reward? 10 Reasons Why Its a Great Idea to Start Your Business during College Easypaisa Parts Ways with Telenor Pakistan Get Wholesale Prices on Tech Products & Accessories with PakLap.Pk These Pictures From PSL 2017 Show How Pakistan Won Against Terrorism This Technology Will Self Destruct Your Phone As Soon As its Snatched Alibaba Officials are in Islamabad Latest Today Google Reveals the All-Time Best Selling Content on Play Store Huawei Pakistan Was At The P10 & P10 Plus Launch Event During MWC 2017 Nike Launches Its First Ever Sports Hijab for Female Muslim Athletes Pakistan and Genetically Modified Crops: Is the Risk Worth the Reward? Facebook Has Started Flagging Fake News Stories Nobody Needs More Than 4 GB of RAM in a Smartphone: Huawei 10 Reasons Why Its a Great Idea to Start Your Business during College Home Contact Us Privacy Policy Mobile Packages Mobile Prices © 2016 Copyright Propakistani.pk
Home About/Contact US Privacy Policy Staff Daily Email Updates Headlines Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Investing Allianz SE - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Allianz SE with our FREE daily email newsletter: Recent Posts Zacks Investment Research Downgrades Crocs, Inc. (CROX) to Strong Sell Orbital ATK, Inc. (OA) to Release Earnings on Wednesday Q1 2017 Earnings Estimate for Ferro Co. (FOE) Issued By Seaport Global Securities Allscripts Healthcare Solutions Inc (MDRX) Receives Consensus Recommendation of “Hold” from Analysts GlycoMimetics Inc (GLYC) Given Consensus Rating of “Buy” by Analysts The Chefs Warehouse, Inc (CHEF) Receives $14.75 Consensus Price Target from Brokerages PennyMac Financial Services Inc (PFSI) Given Consensus Recommendation of “Buy” by Analysts Hilton Worldwide Holdings Inc (HLT) To Go Ex-Dividend on March 8th Hudbay Minerals Inc (hbm) to Issue Semiannual Dividend of $0.01 on March 31st Infinity Property and Casualty Corp. (IPCC) To Go Ex-Dividend on March 8th Infinity Property and Casualty Corp. (IPCC) To Go Ex-Dividend on March 8th ITV plc (ITV) Receives Buy Rating from Shore Capital International Personal Finance Plc (IPF) Given Under Review Rating at Shore Capital Zacks Investment Research Lowers Spartan Motors Inc (SPAR) to Hold International Personal Finance Plc (IPF) Given Under Review Rating at Peel Hunt Mitie Group PLC’s (MTO) Sell Rating Reaffirmed at Liberum Capital Quaker Chemical Corp (KWR) Upgraded to “Hold” by Zacks Investment Research Research Analysts Offer Predictions for Granite Real Estate’s Q1 2017 Earnings (GRP.U) Wedbush Comments on Habit Restaurants Inc’s Q1 2017 Earnings (HABT) INC Research Holdings Inc (INCR) Expected to Earn Q1 2017 Earnings of $0.56 Per Share Allianz SE (ALV) PT Set at €190.00 by JPMorgan Chase & Co. Posted by Jacob Kohn on Mar 6th, 2017 // No Comments Tweet Allianz SE (FRA:ALV) received a €190.00 ($202.13) price target from stock analysts at JPMorgan Chase & Co. in a research note issued on Thursday. The brokerage presently has a “buy” rating on the stock. A number of other equities analysts have also weighed in on the company. Credit Suisse Group AG set a €180.00 ($191.49) target price on Allianz SE and gave the stock a “neutral” rating in a research report on Wednesday, February 22nd. Commerzbank Ag set a €145.00 ($154.26) target price on Allianz SE and gave the stock a “buy” rating in a research report on Thursday, November 3rd. S&P Global Inc set a €160.00 ($170.21) target price on Allianz SE and gave the stock a “neutral” rating in a research report on Tuesday, January 24th. Independent Research GmbH set a €160.00 ($170.21) price target on Allianz SE and gave the company a “neutral” rating in a research report on Friday, November 11th. Finally, Deutsche Bank AG set a €175.00 ($186.17) price target on Allianz SE and gave the company a “buy” rating in a research report on Tuesday, February 7th. One equities research analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, nine have assigned a hold rating and twelve have given a buy rating to the company. Allianz SE presently has a consensus rating of “Buy” and a consensus target price of €172.23 ($183.22). Allianz SE (FRA:ALV) opened at 167.76 on Thursday. Allianz SE has a 52-week low of €118.40 and a 52-week high of €167.97. The firm’s 50-day moving average is €160.00 and its 200-day moving average is €146.74. The company has a market capitalization of €76.39 billion and a PE ratio of 11.18. “Allianz SE (ALV) PT Set at €190.00 by JPMorgan Chase & Co.” was reported by Web Breaking News and is owned by of Web Breaking News. If you are viewing this news story on another site, it was copied illegally and reposted in violation of U.S. & international trademark and copyright laws. The correct version of this news story can be read at http://www.webbreakingnews.com/2017/03/06/allianz-se-alv-pt-set-at-190-00-by-jpmorgan-chase-co.html. Receive News & Ratings for Allianz SE Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Allianz SE and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter. « Previous Kepler Capital Markets Analysts Give Volkswagen AG (VOW3) a €167.00 Price Target Next » Synovus Financial Corp. (SNV) Plans Dividend Increase – $0.15 Per Share Latest News Nike Suspends Relationship with Maria Sharapova Rob Bironas Ex-Titans Kicker Dies in Car Crash Ron Washington Leaves Texas Rangers Due to an Affair Jonathan Dwyer Falls in Line with Other Banned NFL Players Tony Stewart Case Going to the Grand Jury Oscar Pistorius “Blade Runner” Found Not Guilty of Murder Leave a Reply Click here to cancel reply. Name (Required) Mail (will not be published) (Required) Website   Home Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Headlines Investing © 2006-2017 Web Breaking News.

Emtech IndiaAssembly Election News | E-Paper Sections Home Companies Industry Politics Money Opinion Lounge Consumer Elections 2017 More... MultimediaScienceEducationSportsSpecials People Results Management Start-ups Financial Services Manufacturing Retail Telecom Infotech Infrastructure Education World Reports Agriculture Marketinfo Mint 50 Mark to Market Markets Ask Mint Money Calculators Mediclaim Ratings Views Online Views Columns Quick Edit Blogs Lounge Business of Life Slideshows Videos Technology Videos Marketing Research Personal Tech Media Advertising Reclaiming safe public spaces 2017: New year, new beginnings The year of surprise Home » Money Last Modified: Tue, Mar 07 2017. 05 32 AM IST Accion Frontier Inclusion Fund announces final close of $141 million Some of the investors include AXA Impact Fund, FMO, International Finance, JPMorgan Chase, MetLife and funds managed by Triodos Investment Subscribe to our newsletter. Swaraj Singh Dhanjal Accion Frontier Inclusion fund has received capital from an array of institutional investors. Photo: Mint Mumbai: Accion Frontier Inclusion Fund, a global fintech fund managed by Quona Capital, on Monday announced a final close of $141 million, the company said in a statement. A final close is the final threshold for fund raising, after which no new investors can participate in the fund. The Accion Frontier Inclusion Fund invests in companies that innovate to expand access to financial services to underserved consumers and businesses in emerging markets. It had announced a first close in end-2015. The fund received capital from an array of institutional investors including global insurance companies, investment banks and asset managers, a university endowment, prominent foundations and family offices, as well as development finance institutions. Some of the investors in the fund include AXA Impact Fund, Dutch development finance institution FMO, world bank arm International Finance Corp., JPMorgan Chase & Co., MetLife and funds managed by Triodos Investment Management. The fund’s anchor investor, general partner and sponsor is Accion, a global non-profit. It will focus on emerging markets in sub-Saharan Africa, Latin America and Asia (with a particular emphasis on India and Southeast Asia) that have demonstrated the greatest potential for inclusive fintech, the statement said. Focus areas for the fund include alternative credit, payments, small and medium enterprise (SME) finance and insurance-tech. Till date, the fund has made three investments in India. These include NeoGrowth, which offers card and other electronic payments receivables financing to SMEs in India; IndiaMART, India’s largest B2B listing and transactions platform for SMEs; and CreditMantri, a credit advisory platform in India, utilizing traditional and alternative data to provide consumers enhanced credit profiles and access to improved credit options. “Three billion people are left out of, or poorly served by, the global financial system. The Accion Frontier Inclusion Fund—the world’s first global fintech fund for the underserved—will help address this,” said Michael Schlein, chief executive officer and president of Accion. The fund will support innovators using new technologies to help create a financial system that works for everyone, he said. “By focusing on both social impact and financial returns, we believe the Fund shows the importance of harnessing the capital markets to solve society’s most challenging problems,” added Schlein. Some of the other ventures the fund has includes Konfio, which uses data analytics and is an online platform to deliver affordable working capital loans to micro-businesses in Mexico; Creditas, a provider of secured home and auto equity loan solutions for the emerging middle class in Brazil; and Coins, a mobile payments platform leveraging blockchain to provide a comprehensive suite of services for low-income consumers in the Philippines. Swaraj Singh Dhanjal Topics: Accion Frontier fund fintech insurance-tech Quona Capital More From Livemint READ MORE NASA plans to create ‘coolest spot in universe’ Traders, confident of BJP win in Uttar Pradesh elections, shun hedges Panama papers case: SC asks Centre to file 6 reports of Multi-Agency Group First Published: Mon, Mar 06 2017. 01 31 PM IST Editor's Picks Using Economic Survey 2016-17 to gauge demonetisation impact on GDP growth Traders, confident of BJP win in Uttar Pradesh elections, shun hedges Donald Trump’s new travel order applies to those seeking new US visas Latest News Panama papers case: SC asks Centre to file 6 reports of Multi-Agency Group India may mandate use of local steel for $59 billion infrastructure spend H1-B visa row: Concerns conveyed to US at a senior level, says Ravi Shankar Prasad United Breweries files appeal against winding-up order Music Broadcast IPO oversubscribed on second day Mint On Sunday Dance Dance Goa Revolution The rediscovery of kasundi First, we need to ask ‘Why’ Of India’s military exploits abroad Letter from... a scanning machine TOP GAINERSTOP MUTUAL FUNDSMOST ACTIVE VALUE AND VOLUME Home Companies Opinion Industry Politics Consumer Lounge Multimedia Money Sitemap Subscribe Contact Us Mint Code Privacy policy Terms of Use Advertising Mint Apps About Us Syndication Mint on Sunday RSS Hindustan Times Desimartini Copyright © 2017 HT Media Ltd. All Rights Reserved Close Home Companies Industry Politics Money Opinion Lounge Elections 2017 Multimedia Consumer Science Education Sports Specials Close
International Business Times UK UK World Business Politics Fintech Technology Science Sport Entertainment Opinion Video Pictures Log out Newsletter Signup Business Markets Stocks close lower as March rate hike becomes more likely Financials, which were the biggest post-election gainers, dropped 0.6% to drag the S&P 500. By Nicole Rojas March 7, 2017 00:29 GMT A trader works on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE) in New York on 6 March 2017REUTERS/Brendan McDermid US stocks finished down Monday (6 March), off session lows, as geopolitical concerns rose and the realisation of a interest rate hike became clearer. Markets took a negative turn following reports that North Korea tested four ballistic missiles off of its east coast early in the day. The Dow Jones Industrial Average, dropped 51.37 points, or 0.2%, to settle at 20,954.34. MarketWatch noted it was the first time the blue-chips gauge closed below 21,000 since clearing the milestone on Wednesday (1 March). Declines were let by shares of Travelers Cos and JP Morgan Chase & Co. The S&P 500 finished down 7.81 points, or 0.3%, at 2,375.31. Ten of the index's 11 primary sectors closed in the red, with financials and materials leading decliners. The financials sector, which had been the biggest post election gainer, dropped 0.6% and materials fell 0.7%. According to MarketWatch, the energy sector was the only sector to close in the green, rising 0.3%. Meanwhile, the Nasdaq Composite declined 21.58 points, or 0.4%, to finish at 5,849.17. CME Group's FedWatch tool noted that market expectations for an interest rate hike were 86.4% on Monday, up from 30% this time last week. The Federal Reserve's monetary policy committee is scheduled to meet between 14 and 15 March. "The March rate hike doesn't matter. What matters is how many times they raise," Jeremy Klein, chief market strategist at FBN Securities, told CNBC. "If they stay at three times [for this year], then the market will be fine." CNBC noted that the only possibly obstacle for the Fed to raise the rates in March is the February jobs report, due to be released on Friday (10 March). Adding to investors' concerns is the proposed replacement to the Affordable Care Act (ACA) that congressional Republicans are expected to unveil sometime this week. "The market is waiting to see the specifics of that, its clarity, and how it's going to be implemented," Quincy Krosby, market strategist at Prudential Financial, told MarketWatch. Investors are also monitoring the geopolitical ramifications of North Korea firing ballistic missiles on Monday. Three of the four missiles landed in Japan's exclusive economic zone, Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe confirmed. The US Dollar Index rose 0.1%, while gold settled down less than 0.1% at $1,225.50 (£1,001.39) an ounce. Oil prices also settled down 0.2% at $53.20 (£43.47) after Friday's (3 March) data from Baker Hughes Inc revealed another rise in the US rig count, MarketWatch reported. More from IBTimes UK Trump delighted as ExxonMobil unveils mammoth investment in US Gulf Coast refining Oil prices flat as IEA official, Fitch Ratings warn of fresh supply glut 'Second wave' of US shale-inspired oil glut around the corner, warns IEA's Fatih Birol Share More Stay up to date with our daily newsletter YOU MIGHT LIKE THISSponsored Content by Taboola IBT Video Close General Motors agrees €2.2bn Peugeot deal but Vauxhall fears job cuts Columnists Armand Arton “Trump's travel ban has backfired - Mexican passports could soon be worth more than American READ MORE Asian markets mixed following poor Wall Street performance Reserve Bank of Australia leaving cash rates unchanged had a positive... UK oil and gas production rises while unit costs improve UK oil and gas output increased 5% on-year to 1.73 million barrels of... Paddy Power Betfair merger delivers mixed bag of results Bookmaker posts £5.7bn loss due to costs related to the merger but... Qtum blockchain releases new white paper for mobile apps and ties up with PwC in Asia Qtum has released: 'Smart-Contract Value-Transfer Protocols on a... Direct Line sees profit tumble after changes to personal injury payments Britain's largest motor insurer also cuts dividend payouts by half... UK retail growth subdued in February as non-food sales decline for first time since 2011 – report While total sales grew 0.4% on-year in February, like-for-like sales... Stocks close lower as March rate hike becomes more likely Financials, which were the biggest post-election gainers, dropped... ExxonMobil unveils mammoth investment in US Gulf Coast refining in move sure to delight Trump World's largest publicly listed oil and gas producer unveils... Oil prices flat as IEA official, Fitch Ratings warn of fresh supply glut Russia sounds non-committal on extending oil production cuts beyond... Fintech Focus weekly Keep up with the latest in blockchain, cryptocurrency and other fintech news. Straight to your inbox every Friday. Sign up now Win an iPhone 7 About IBT Leadership Meet the team Advertise Brand Terms of service Privacy Permission Syndication Contact Editions: Australia China India Italy Japan U.K. U.S. © Copyright 2017 IBTimes Co., Ltd. All Rights Reserved. Facebook Twitter Linkedin Google Plus RSS
Subscribe Sign In Register Home Subscribe Buy E-N Merchandise Contact Us About Us Advertise With Us Subscriber Services Place a Classified Ad Privacy Policy Site Terms of Use Newsletters & Text Alerts Find a Business in S.A. News Archives Kawhi outplays 'The Beard' down the stretch to lead Spurs' wild Texas' defensive line an area of concern for Tom Herman H.S. softball: E-N Area rankings, top players, March 6 How the oil industry got its groove back Local S.A. Stock Show & Rodeo News by Neighborhood Texas Obituaries Traffic Weather Lake and River Levels S.A. History Guide to San Antonio San Antonio Charity Breaking News Video Classified Marketplace Accused killer to witnesses: “Ya’ll don’t know why I had to Former San Antonio cops get prison in sex scam case San Antonio mayor, two challengers to square off at Trinity San Antonio hit man set to be executed US & World Breaking News Anywhere Border & Mexico US World Health Care Politics Military Track Flights Strange News UN chief in Somalia on emergency visit to focus on famine Iraqi forces storm Mosul government complex, then pull back US moves parts of controversial missile defense to SKorea Transgender Virginia student: Ruling leaves kids in limbo Business Local Eagle Ford & Energy National & International Automotive News Top Workplaces in S.A. Technology Business Features Finance Features Business Careers Tech Features Press Releases How the oil industry got its groove back ‘Hog apocalypse’ plan backed by Texas’ Miller on hold for Economist: Oil prices are more important than bathroom access BCFS Health and Human Services gives notice of possible layoffs Sports San Antonio Spurs Sports Nation S.A. Stock Show & Rodeo NBA NFL MLB Soccer Colleges College Football College Basketball High School Scores High Schools Postgame Wrap: Is Leonard’s performance vs. Rockets his best Monday’s high school soccer, baseball, basketball results Another monster game for Kawhi boosts MVP candidacy Bogut's Cavs debut ends with broken tibia Food Restaurants Food Voted Best in S.A. Recipes & Cooking Bars & Drinks Snacks and Entertaining Guide to Food in S.A. Sponsored: Sip, Savor, Celebrate Sukaban brings sushi & Champagne to Southtown San Antonio restaurant inspections: March 3, 2017 This Dr Pepper beef jerky recipe provides 'sweet heat' Here's a sneak peek at NOLA Brunch & Beignets Entertainment What S.A. is Watching Things To Do Fiesta 2017 Rodeo 2017 Celebrity Buzz Comics Puzzles Horoscope Movies & TV Music & Stage Arts & Culture Guide to San Antonio Readers' Choice Photos at S.A. Parties Fun things to see and do in San Antonio this week Death certificate reveals Bill Paxton's cause of death Tobin Center announces Clint Black, more upcoming shows 'Walking Dead' podcast & photos: Oh, that crazy couple and their Lifestyle Wedding Announcements Bridal Ideas Travel & Outdoors Destinations Health & Family Senior Living Home & Garden Holidays Trends & Style Beauty and Fashion Tips Better Living Tips Parenting Pets Green Living Study finds children keep moms up at night—but not dads San Antonio Zoo leaving chance to name 'otterly' adorable otter DC-based for decades, Apollo 11 capsule to go on road trip Arkansas — the ‘Natural State’ — offers a wealth of Opinion Editorials Commentary Letters to the Editor Columnists Third & Ave. E Editorial Cartoons Josh Brodesky Robert Seltzer O. Ricardo Pimentel Bruce Davidson Maria Anglin Gloria Padilla Taking lies to an entirely different level Trump speech was coherent — and still lacking Your Turn: March 7 Get to bottom of Russian meddling Cars Car Tips and Help News & Reviews Vehicle Search Car Features Latest Car Reviews GMC’s midsize Canyon pickup adds luxury Denali crew cab model Pathfinder offers 7-passenger seating in a well-equipped, stylish Cadillac offers the all-new XT5 midsize CUV for 2017; prices Jobs Salary Wizard Top Workplaces Career Features The Latest: GM may exit other markets if they can't be fixed Yellen signals the Fed will likely raise rates this month Global stocks mostly lower as investors await Fed speech Homes Home Search Apartment Search Land Rentals Open Houses New Homes Search Hill Country Living New Construction Real Estate Tips Home Yard Tips Home DIY Home Decorating Open houses in the San Antonio area this weekend San Antonio homes for rent Luxury Home Gallery Sitterle New Homes ExpressNews.com MenuSections http://www.mysanantonio.com/business/local/article/Economist-Oil-prices-are-more-important-than-10981504.php Economist: Oil prices are more important than bathroom access bill By David Hendricks Updated 6:17 pm, Monday, March 6, 2017 Photo: David Hendricks Image 1of/1 Caption Close Image 1 of 1 Chase Head Economist Jim Glassman says the Texas and U.S. economies continue to show improvement. Chase Head Economist Jim Glassman says the Texas and U.S. economies continue to show improvement. Photo: David Hendricks Economist: Oil prices are more important than bathroom access bill 1 / 1 Back to Gallery The pending transgender bathroom bill in Texas might hold back the state’s economy, but it wouldn’t wreck it because stable energy prices are driving the state economy forward, a senior economist for JPMorgan Chase & Co. said Monday in San Antonio. “These issues pop up, but Texas has a really strong economy — energy, international trade, technology,” said Jim Glassman said at a luncheon for about three dozen of the bank’s commercial banking customers at Fleming’s Prime Steakhouse in San Antonio. The issue has become a lightening rod for business leaders across the U.S. as major corporations pull business and large events from states that have adopted laws civil rights leaders say are discriminatory. “It could be a drag on the state,” Glassman said in an interview following his speech. Improving oil prices, however, would likely offset any damage in Texas, Glassman said. “The big relief in Texas is that oil hasn’t gone to zero,” Glassman said, predicting oil at $55 a barrel by the end of 2017, rising to $60 in 2018. Crude prices, which bottomed out at around $26 a barrel about a year ago, closed at about $53 a barrel Monday. Click here to read the full article at: www.expressnews.com. dhendricks@express-news.net The Latest Accused killer: “Ya’ll don’t know why I had to shoot” Leonard's heroics enable Spurs win Boaters found her in a river 15 years ago, still no one knows... Deputies arrest 7 in 2 raids in El Paso Garbage, mounds of feces waist-high in S.A.-area home Country superstar Jason Aldean selling Tennessee hunting lodge First 100 days: Every outfit Melania and Ivanka have worn (so... ‘It’s been hell,’ Marquise Jones’ aunt says as she... Herman will hold off on naming Texas' starting quarterback BCFS Health and Human Services gives notice of possible layoffs Cozy cottage in Dripping Springs near Austin comes with... 'Architectural masterpiece' in King William for sale Alamo Heights mansion selling for $4.9M For sale: 15 unique S.A. homes Spurs art transforms S.A. biz from hideout to standout 14 things to know about Spurs newest fan fav Rising star added to the list of celeb Spurs fans 'El Pendejo' Trump Fiesta medals sell 'like hotcakes' 14 ways to be the best Fiesta San Antonio partier Lies we tell ourselves at Fiesta Photos: Sunday show brings zest to S.A. music scene Blue Star was the place to be First Friday Posh soiree filled the Witte with disco and dinosaurs Recent Breaking News BCSO: Man wielded machete in theft of front-loader after... S.A. man accused of sexually assaulting 3 sisters 'for years'... Teen, unborn child killed on Northwest Side; suspected gunman... Most Popular 1 Teen, unborn child killed on Northwest Side; suspected gunman... 2 S.A. attorney's 'El Pendejo' Trump Fiesta medals sell 'like... 3 Former San Antonio cops get prison in sex scam case 4 Human remains found inside Houston house 5 Death certificate reveals Bill Paxton's cause of death 6 San Antonio hit man set to be executed 7 Story of Alamo still changing Sign Up for Email Alerts Sign up for our email services. Stop any time.    San Antonio Business news & alerts    Real Estate news & listings    Career news & job listings    Auto news & listings    Breaking news    Today's Deals from DealNews EMAIL: Click here to sign up for News, Sports and more Email Alerts. View Comments © 2017 Hearst Communications, Inc. Logo Return to Top About Corporate Home Careers Advertising Ad Choices Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Your California Privacy Rights Contact FAQ Newsroom Contacts Purchase Photos Place a Classified Ad Connect Newsletters Facebook Twitter Google+ Instagram Subscribe San Antonio Express-News ExpressNews.com iPad app eEdition Search Our News Archive Manage Your Subscription Hearst Newspapers © Copyright Hearst Newspapers, LLC
Finance BI Intelligence Events Trending Tech Insider Finance Politics Strategy Life Sports Video All × From To You have successfully emailed the post. × 
     

 A tiny London firm run by a couple of 30-somethings won a slice of Snap's IPO at the last minute Matt Turner Mar. 3, 2017, 2:17 PM 24,441 facebook linkedin twitter email print Drew Angerer/Getty Snap Inc. just raised a greater-than-expected $3.4 billion in the largest US tech initial public offering in over two years. Given that the typical IPO raises less than $500 million, pulling off a sale of this size takes a lot of work. Naturally, Snap drafted some heavyweight banks with huge sales forces for the job. Morgan Stanley and Goldman Sachs led the deal, along with a long list of banks including the likes of JPMorgan, Allen & Company, and UBS. But the list also includes a less familiar name: Connaught (UK) Limited. Connaught, a small London firm set up in 2014, wasn't named in Snap's first IPO filing in early February. But it did appear in Snap's updated filing just a few days ago. It is listed as having sold 307,692 shares, worth about $5.2 million at the IPO price of $17. There's not a lot of information out there about Connaught. It has a basic website with a mailing address and an email address. It was incorporated December 29, 2014, and has three directors: Ian Osborne, Alex Usher-Smith, and Dr. Marcel Reichart. Osborne and Usher-Smith, ages 33 and 35, specialize in advising tech, media, and internet companies. Osborne set up Osborne & Partners, an international strategic advisory firm that once hosted a Davos, Switzerland, party with tech billionaire Sean Parker and Salesforce.com CEO Marc Benioff. Usher-Smith is a former Lazard and Greenhill banker. Reichart is the executive vice president of digital development and partnerships at the German media company Bertelsmann, according to his LinkedIn profile. The role on the Snap IPO is a coup for the firm, which has fewer than 10 employees, according to its LinkedIn profile. Connaught is not a US registered broker-dealer, and so any shares it sold in the US had to pass through Global Alliance Securities. Osborne and Usher-Smith did not return messages seeking comment in time for publication. Snap S1 NOW WATCH: Despite the negative stigma, payday loans are not much different from credit cards Loading video... More: SNAP facebook linkedin twitter email print × Recommended For You Powered by Sailthru A tiny London firm run by a couple of 30-somethings won a slice of Snap's IPO at the last minute A tiny London firm run by a couple of 30-somethings won a slice of Snap's IPO at the last minute Snap Inc. just raised a greater-than-expected... Recommended For You Disclaimer Featured A Nobel Prize-winning biologist reveals the biggest mistake she made early in her career More "Idea Factory" » We just created the best Google Chrome extension on the market for latest news headlines More "BI Innovations" » Finance Emails & Alerts Get the best of Business Insider delivered to your inbox every day. Sign-Up Get the Slide Deck from Henry Blodget's IGNITION Presentation on the Future of Digital     Read Business Insider On The Go Available on iOS or Android Find A Job Tech Jobs C-Level Jobs Media Jobs Design Jobs Finance Jobs Sales Jobs See All Jobs » Thanks to our partners Follow us on: Also check out: * Copyright © 2017 Business Insider Inc. All rights reserved. Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. Disclaimer Commerce Policy Made in NYC Stock quotes by finanzen.net International Editions: UK DE AUS ID IN MY SG PL SE NL FR IT JP
Contact Newsagent Login Scoop Search MARKETS Sharemarket Finance Company Results Real Estate SOEs ECONOMY Economy Reserve Bank Confidence Commerce Industrial Relations Employers Employment Statistics Taxation Trade Agreements Treasury INDUSTRY Agriculture Horticulture Fisheries Forestry Manufacturing Telecommunications Computing & Internet Media Retail Liquor Transport Tourism ENERGY Oil Coal Alternative Energy Electricity Gas Energy Policy Scoop Homepage | BizSciTech Homepage | Business Headlines | Business Most Read | Sci-Tech Headlines | Sci-Tech Most Read Powered by scoop.co.nz Tweet While you were sleeping: Wall St slides 11:24 March 7, 2017Article 0 comments Article – BusinessDesk March 7 (BusinessDesk) – Equities on both sides of the Atlantic moved lower as investors reassessed valuations amid the prospect that the US Federal Reserve will increase interest rates at next weeks meeting.Tuesday 07 March 2017 07:57 AM While you were sleeping: Wall St slides By Margreet Dietz March 7 (BusinessDesk) – Equities on both sides of the Atlantic moved lower as investors reassessed valuations amid the prospect that the US Federal Reserve will increase interest rates at next week’s meeting. Fed Chair Janet Yellen last Friday also signalled a potentially steeper pace of further rate hikes this year. A Commerce Department report showed US factory goods orders rose 1.2 percent in January, beating economists’ expectations. US Treasuries fell, pushing yields on the 10-year note three basis points higher to 2.51 percent, while the greenback strengthened. Wall Street weakened. In 1.16pm trading in New York, the Dow Jones Industrial Average fell 0.2 percent, while the Nasdaq Composite Index declined 0.4 percent. In 1.01pm trading, the Standard & Poor’s 500 Index slid 0.4 percent. The Dow fell, led by declines in shares of JPMorgan Chase and those of Intel, recently down 1.3 percent and 1.1 percent respectively. Tyson Foods shares declined as a deadly form of bird flu was found in a Tennessee operation that supplies the largest US chicken producer. This is the first confirmed case of highly pathogenic H7 avian influenza in commercial poultry in the US this year, the United States Department of Agriculture’s Animal and Plant Health Inspection Service said in a statement. “Based on the limited scope known to us at this time, we don’t expect disruptions to our chicken business and plan to meet our customers’ needs,” Worth Sparkman, a spokesman for Tyson, told Bloomberg. State officials quarantined the affected premises and birds on the property will be killed to prevent the spread of the disease, the USDA said, adding that birds from the flock will not enter the food system. Shares of Tyson Foods traded 3.4 percent weaker as of 12.07pm in New York. In Europe, the Stoxx 600 Index ended the day with a decline of 0.5 percent from the previous close.The UK’s FTSE 100 Index retreated 0.3 percent, while France’s CAC 40 Index gave up 0.5 percent, and Germany’s DAX Index dropped 0.6 percent. Shares of Deutsche Bank closed 3.2 percent after the Germany’s biggest lender on Sunday announced it is seeking to raise about 8 billion euros by issuing new shares as part of a plan to overhaul its business. “The question is … whether the bank will need more yet again in a few years,” Stefan de Schutter, a trader at Frankfurt-based Alpha, told Reuters. “ Until now, none of the restructuring measures have borne fruit.” Bucking the trend, shares of Standard Life climbed 5.7 percent after it agreed to acquire Aberdeen Asset Management to form one of Europe’s biggest fund managers. In other deal news, shares of PSA Group of France closed 2.7 percent higher in Paris after it agreed to buy Opel from General Motors. (BusinessDesk) ends Content Sourced from scoop.co.nz Original url Trackback-URL  Print This Post comments feed for this post Tweet   No comments yet. Write a comment: You must be logged in to post a comment.   Blogroll China Economic Scan Compare house prices Deposit Rates Direct Broking – NZX & ASX Trading & Prices Findata – Market Data Good Returns Herald Business Interest.co.nz – Interest Rates News & Views National Business Review Property Talk Sharechat Stuff Business Value Cruncher – NZX Latest Business news Equality attracts top tech talent IMF’s policy prescriptions for NZ Government surplus & household debt? Time for tax cuts Crash on Marshland Road, Canterbury – motorists please avoid NZ Women at Risk Because of Gender Discrimination NZ gender pay gap unchanged in more than a decade Supporting positive changes for women in the workforce Proposed changes to RMA discriminatory and unfair PM Suffering Memory Fade Over National’s Super Back Flips New group to run candidate in Wellington Central Renaming SH1 a unique opportunity to tell our Kapiti story Highway south of Kaikoura closed due to wet weather New research reveals “appalling” bias against women National’s support for family violence victims a huge step Airways unveils $58 mln revamp for air traffic management Text Links Recent Comments Lan: Unbelievable that a WEST AUSTR... jackp: Murray, when Key is involved t... Murray Guy: There are no boundaries when i... Lan: Canada & EU do it..Bryce ... Lan: I read somewhere that they do ... Simon Johnson: The former Department of Labou... Andrew P Nichols: Long overdue. Nowhere else in ... Rafi: I look forward to Mr Lees-Gall... Kevin McMahon: Yes, good on Lord Monckton. ... Bee: How do you think Kim Jon Key m... Categories Article Column Opinion PressRelease Uncategorized Monthly Archives March 2017 February 2017 January 2017 December 2016 November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 September 2013 August 2013 July 2013 June 2013 May 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013 January 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 August 2012 July 2012 June 2012 May 2012 April 2012 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 November 2011 October 2011 September 2011 August 2011 July 2011 June 2011 May 2011 April 2011 March 2011 February 2011 January 2011 December 2010 November 2010 October 2010 September 2010 August 2010 July 2010 June 2010 May 2010 April 2010 March 2010 February 2010 January 2010 December 2009 November 2009 October 2009 September 2009 August 2009 July 2009 June 2009 May 2009 April 2009 March 2009 February 2009 January 2009 December 2008 November 2008 October 2008 September 2008 August 2008 November 1999 Feeds RSS Posts RSS Comments Scoop Business © 2017 | Powered by Scoop Media | Terms of Use
Skip to content MilTech pr@satprnews.com Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 6 March 2017 by Military News Royal Bank of Canada announces redemption of TALL Exchange Traded Notes TORONTO, March 6, 2017 /PRNewswire/ – Royal Bank of Canada („RBC”) (RY on TSX and NYSE) is announcing the redemption of all of the Royal Bank of Canada Exchange Traded Notes due June 20, 2036 linked to the S&P 500® Trend Allocator PR Index („ETNs”). The ETNs are listed on the NASDAQ Global Market (ticker symbol: TALL). Under the terms of the ETNs and the Indenture, dated as of October 23, 2003 (as supplemented, the „Indenture”), between RBC and The Bank of New York Mellon (as successor to the corporate trust business of JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A.) as Trustee, RBC will redeem all of the ETNs on March 16, 2017 (the „Redemption Date”). RBC expects to provide notice of redemption via The Depository Trust Company on March 8, 2017. The Redemption Price to be paid to holders of the ETNs will be their call settlement value on March 13, 2017, the last Valuation Date, as those terms are defined in the Pricing Supplement dated June 27, 2016 to the Prospectus Supplement and Prospectus, each dated January 8, 2016. The Redemption Price will be paid to the holders on the Redemption Date, which is expected to be the third trading day after the last Valuation Date. The last trading day for the ETNs on the NASDAQ Global Market is expected to be March 13, 2017. Daily creations of the ETNs will be suspended immediately. Daily repurchases at the option of holders will be accepted in the normal manner up to and including March 9, 2017. Beginning on the Redemption Date, the ETNs will no longer be considered outstanding. About RBC Royal Bank of Canada is Canada’s largest bank, and one of the largest banks in the world, based on market capitalization. We are one of North America’s leading diversified financial services companies, and provide personal and commercial banking, wealth management, insurance, investor services and capital markets products and services on a global basis. We have over 80,000 full- and part-time employees who serve more than 16 million personal, business, public sector and institutional clients through offices in Canada, the U.S. and 35 other countries. For more information, please visit http://www.rbc.com/.‎ SOURCE RBC CategoriesUncategorized TagsBusiness, Companies, company, Markets, Uncategorized, World Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Jarens GoFundMe Wish Only One Thousand Dollars from Reaching Goal Next PostNext Global Guide Wire Market Competition by Company, Countries, Application, Type 2017 Search Recent Posts Atradius annonce des Résultats en hausse de 19 % en 2016 Jaarresultaat Atradius 2016: stijging van 19 procent Atradius steigert das Jahresergebnis für 2016 um 19 Prozent Atradius: utile netto in crescita del 19% nel 2016 Talentoday, startup en technologie Ressources Humaines (RH), a réalisé une levée de fonds « Série A » de 3.49 millions de dollars Proudly powered by WordPress
Contact Newsagent Login Business Search Scoop     WIRES: SCOOPS PARLIAMENT POLITICS REGIONAL BUSINESS SCI-TECH WORLD CULTURE EDUCATION HEALTH SECTIONS: HOME COMMENT MULTIMEDIA NZ POLITICS BIZ & SCI/TECH WORLD LIFESTYLE ARCHIVES MOST READ VIDEO Video | Agriculture | Confidence | Economy | Energy | Employment | Finance | Media | Property | RBNZ | Science | SOEs | Tax | Technology | Telecoms | Tourism | Transport | Search    Related  Email  Print Scoop >> Business Tweet While you were sleeping: Wall St slides Tuesday, 7 March 2017, 11:24 am Article: BusinessDesk Tuesday 07 March 2017 07:57 AM While you were sleeping: Wall St slides By Margreet Dietz March 7 (BusinessDesk) - Equities on both sides of the Atlantic moved lower as investors reassessed valuations amid the prospect that the US Federal Reserve will increase interest rates at next week’s meeting. Fed Chair Janet Yellen last Friday also signalled a potentially steeper pace of further rate hikes this year. A Commerce Department report showed US factory goods orders rose 1.2 percent in January, beating economists' expectations. US Treasuries fell, pushing yields on the 10-year note three basis points higher to 2.51 percent, while the greenback strengthened. Wall Street weakened. In 1.16pm trading in New York, the Dow Jones Industrial Average fell 0.2 percent, while the Nasdaq Composite Index declined 0.4 percent. In 1.01pm trading, the Standard & Poor’s 500 Index slid 0.4 percent. The Dow fell, led by declines in shares of JPMorgan Chase and those of Intel, recently down 1.3 percent and 1.1 percent respectively. Tyson Foods shares declined as a deadly form of bird flu was found in a Tennessee operation that supplies the largest US chicken producer. This is the first confirmed case of highly pathogenic H7 avian influenza in commercial poultry in the US this year, the United States Department of Agriculture’s Animal and Plant Health Inspection Service said in a statement. “Based on the limited scope known to us at this time, we don’t expect disruptions to our chicken business and plan to meet our customers’ needs,” Worth Sparkman, a spokesman for Tyson, told Bloomberg. State officials quarantined the affected premises and birds on the property will be killed to prevent the spread of the disease, the USDA said, adding that birds from the flock will not enter the food system. Shares of Tyson Foods traded 3.4 percent weaker as of 12.07pm in New York. In Europe, the Stoxx 600 Index ended the day with a decline of 0.5 percent from the previous close.The UK’s FTSE 100 Index retreated 0.3 percent, while France’s CAC 40 Index gave up 0.5 percent, and Germany’s DAX Index dropped 0.6 percent. Shares of Deutsche Bank closed 3.2 percent after the Germany’s biggest lender on Sunday announced it is seeking to raise about 8 billion euros by issuing new shares as part of a plan to overhaul its business. “The question is ... whether the bank will need more yet again in a few years,” Stefan de Schutter, a trader at Frankfurt-based Alpha, told Reuters. “ Until now, none of the restructuring measures have borne fruit.” Bucking the trend, shares of Standard Life climbed 5.7 percent after it agreed to acquire Aberdeen Asset Management to form one of Europe’s biggest fund managers. In other deal news, shares of PSA Group of France closed 2.7 percent higher in Paris after it agreed to buy Opel from General Motors. (BusinessDesk) ends © Scoop Media BusinessDesk Independent, Trustworthy New Zealand Business News The Wellington-based BusinessDesk team led by former Bloomberg Asian top editor Jonathan Underhill and Qantas Award-winning journalist and commentator Pattrick Smellie provides a daily news feed for a serious business audience. CONTACT BUSINESSDESK Email - editor@businessdesk.co.nz   Tweet         Business Headlines | Sci-Tech Headlines BUSINESS, SCIENCE & TECH > >   Crown Accounts: Operating Surplus Beats Expectations The operating balance before gains and losses (OBEGAL) was a surplus of $1,145 million, compared to a forecast surplus of $442 million. This favourable variance of $703 million was largely due to the higher than forecast core Crown tax revenue and lower than forecast core Crown expenses. More>> ALSO: BusinessDesk - 7-month surplus bigger than expected on corporate tax take - IMF's policy prescriptions for NZ NZ Govt - Seven month surplus better than expected ACT - Government surplus & household debt? Time for tax cuts NZ Taxpayers' Union - Today’s numbers show tax relief is due Statistics: Home Consents Up, Trending Down Building consents for new homes appear to have eased or decreased across most of the country, Statistics New Zealand said today... The trend excludes monthly volatility to give a clearer picture of underlying changes in home building intentions. More>> ALSO: BusinessDesk - NZ residential building consents edge up 0.8% NZ Govt - Labour being tricky on housing numbers Labour - Those in glasshouses, Dr Smith… - Building consents drop cause for concern Greens - Another National housing failure ACT - Consent figures prove National lacks spine on housing Harcourts - Provisional housing market update - February 2017 Auckland - Provisional housing market update - Christchurch Metro Tax: Crack-Down On Multinationals Flouting Local Tax System The three papers focus on concerns about multinationals booking profits from their New Zealand sales offshore, even though these sales are driven by New Zealand- based staff, preventing multinationals using interest payments to shift profits offshore, and implementing New Zealand’s entrance into an international convention for aligning double tax agreements with OECD recommendations. More>> ALSO: BusinessDesk - Tax reforms a powerful, may make business in NZ tougher NZ Govt - Three BEPS consultation documents released - Address to International Fiscal Association Conference Labour - Finally National acts on multinational tax - ATAINZ Speech – Towards 2020 Retail NZ - Multinational tax crackdown a disappointment NZ Taxpayers' Union - Proposed Tax Rules Welcomed with Caution Gordon Campbell: On The Runway Extension’s Latest Court Failure The Director of Civil Aviation (CAA) has also been ordered told back to the drawing board to properly do the job of evaluating the size of the safety areas required for the extension, in full accord with New Zealand’s international obligations. The pilots union were also compensated by the Court of Appeal judges for their costs in bringing the court action. More>> ALSO: October Werewolf - Safe Landings BusinessDesk - Court of Appeal backs pilots on runway extension safety - Queenstown Airport loses second bid in Court of Appeal NZ Airline Pilots' Association - NZALPA Calls for Adjournment of Environment Court Hearing - NZALPA Delighted At Ruling on WIAL Runway Extension Employability: New Employment Resource For Young People The Employability Skills Framework clearly sets out the key behaviours, attitudes and personal qualities employers say are essential for getting and keeping a job. More>> ALSO: BusinessNZ - Employability skills framework welcomed Industry Training Federation of NZ - Employability Skills Framework will help youth get jobs COMET Auckland - Employability Skills Framework will help develop workfore Image Out-Link - Skills employers are looking for Statistics: Net Annual Migration Passes 71,000 A record 71,300 more migrants arrived in New Zealand than left in the January 2017 year, Statistics New Zealand said today. This surpassed the previous annual record set in December 2016. More>> ALSO: Liana Pantaleo - Press Conference 27/02/17: Kiwi workers failing drug tests NZ First - Taxpayers Bear Brunt of Record Immigration AMES Australia - Australia: Migrants need ongoing support in job hunting Fossils: Ancient Penguins Lived Alongside Dinosaurs? Penguins are much older than previously thought and their evolution probably dates back to the days of the dinosaurs, according to research on the fossilised leg bone and toes of a giant ancient penguin found in rocks near Waipara, North Canterbury. More>> Get More From Scoop Submit News/Press Releases To Scoop Scoop Media on Facebook Follow Scoop on Twitter   LATEST HEADLINES BUSINESS SCI-TECH Equality attracts top tech talent 4:51 PM | eStar IMF's policy prescriptions for NZ 4:42 PM | BusinessDesk NZ Women at Risk Because of Gender Discrimination 4:30 PM | New Zealand College of Midwives NZ gender pay gap unchanged in more than a decade 4:27 PM | BusinessDesk Supporting positive changes for women in the workforce 4:23 PM | Ministry for Women Proposed changes to RMA discriminatory and unfair 4:19 PM | Democracy Action Airways unveils $58 mln revamp for air traffic management 3:54 PM | BusinessDesk More   RSS First evidence of rhinos’ ability to correct sex imbalance 9:52 AM | Victoria University of... Rainmaker on the way for northern New Zealand 06/03/17 | MetService Ara first in world to use virtual reality for X-ray training 06/03/17 | Ara Institute Specific immune cells predict bowel cancer outcomes 06/03/17 | University of Otago Science Deadline: Antibiotics, water, environment compliance 03/03/17 | Science Media Centre February 2017 Climate Summary 03/03/17 | NIWA Summer 2016-17: cool for most but dry in the north and east 03/03/17 | NIWA More   RSS   Featured InfoPages   Bill Bennett on Tech Journalists too mean to tech companies 04 Mar | Bill Bennett Review: Lenovo ThinkPad E570 03 Mar | Bill Bennett Apple, Microsoft dominate NZ slate sales 02 Mar | Bill Bennett Review: Norton Security Premium 10:28 PM | Bill Bennett According to this survey NZ cities aren’t innovati... 8:49 PM | Bill Bennett Android won’t save Nokia or Blackberry 7:07 PM | Bill Bennett Spark, Netflix a well-timed marketing promotion 5:02 AM | Bill Bennett More   RSS   BUSINESS.scoop Valuecruncher Equality attracts top tech talent 2:51 PM | admin IMF’s policy prescriptions for NZ 2:42 PM | admin Government surplus & household debt? Time for tax ... 2:37 PM | admin Crash on Marshland Road, Canterbury – motorists pl... 2:33 PM | admin NZ Women at Risk Because of Gender Discrimination 2:30 PM | admin NZ gender pay gap unchanged in more than a decade 2:27 PM | admin Supporting positive changes for women in the workf... 2:23 PM | admin More   RSS News Alerts Valuecruncher data feeds 4:18 AM | The Crunch Updated Valuecruncher Dataset 02 Feb | The Crunch Guest Post – Andrew Smith on Apple (AAPL) 25 Nov | The Crunch Woodward Research provides free equity research re... 25 Nov | The Crunch Some quick thoughts on the LinkedIn ($LNKD) IPO 20 May | The Crunch Company of the Day Tweets – 30 December 2010 30 Dec | The Crunch NZX (New Zealand) Company of the Day Tweets – 30 D... 30 Dec | The Crunch More   RSS News Alerts     Business SciTech Section Blogroll Business Business.scoop - Jonathan Underhill and Pattrick Smellie The Main Report - Trends In NZ Business NZ Transport Intelligence Briefing Profitable Agri-Business Farming News Finance NZ & AUS Shares Global Share Markets Global Currencies Oil Futures Spot Gold Science Weather Underground Te Papa's Blog Technology GPS fleet management ReadWriteWeb - Web Apps, Web Technology Trends, Social Networking & Social Media Other Links Scoop Newsagent Media Monitoring Email Alerts Media Tracking     Contact Newsagent Login Business Search Scoop       Scoop.co.nz About Us Contact Submit News Services Advertise Newsagent Subscribe Login Scoop on Facebook Scoop on Twitter Scoop - Mobile Site Headline Wires Scoops Parliament Politics Regional Business Sci-Tech World Culture Education Health Sections Comment Multimedia NZ Politics Biz & Sci/Tech World Lifestyle Video Specialist Sites InfoPages TechLab Werewolf Gordon Campbell Business Scoop Pacific Scoop Gaza Scoop Auckland Scoop Wellington Scoop Community Scoop Parliament Today Advertising Scoop Search Scoop Scoop Media Cartel Scoop Public Address The Standard Theatreview LiveNews Pundit SpareRoom The Big Idea © Scoop Media |  Terms of Use |  Privacy Policy | Feedback  
24/7 Wall St. - Insightful Analysis and Commentary for U.S. and Global Equity Investors Search this site Business Aerospace & Defense Autos Banking & Finance Commodities & Metals Consumer Products Energy Healthcare Industrials Infrastructure Media Retail Services Technology Apps & Software Consumer Electronics Telecom & Wireless Apple Inc. Facebook Google Investing Analyst Upgrades Bankruptcy Buffett Corporate Governance Corporate Performance Dividends and Buybacks Earnings ETFs and Mutual Funds International Markets IPOs and Secondaries Mergers and Acquisitions Personal Finance Rumors Value Investing Economy Energy Government Regulation Healthcare Housing Jobs Special Report Brands and Products Cities Countries States JPMorgan, Intel Sink DJIA on Monday By Paul Ausick March 6, 2017 4:01 pm EST Print Email Tweet March 6, 2017: Markets opened lower Monday as investors and traders mull the probability of a more hawkish Fed interest rate policy that could cool what economic growth there has been. The energy sector ticked up a bit today, but the other 10 S&P sectors all traded down, led by real estate and financials. WTI crude oil for April delivery settled at $53.20 a barrel, down 0.2% on the day. April gold dropped less than 0.1% on the day to settle at $1,225.50. Equities were headed for a lower close shortly before the bell as the DJIA traded down 0.11% for the day, the S&P 500 traded down 0.22%, and the Nasdaq Composite traded down 0.25%. The DJIA stock posting the largest daily percentage loss ahead of the close Monday was JPMorgan Chase & Co. (NYSE: JPM) which traded down 1.20% at $91.68. The stock’s 52-week range is $57.05 to $93.98. Volume was about 25% below the daily average of around 16 million shares. The big bank had no specific news. The Travelers Companies Inc. (NYSE: TRV) traded down 1.17% at $122.68. The stock’s 52-week range is $103.45 to $125.49. Volume was about equal to the daily average of around 1.5 million shares. The insurance provider had no specific news. Intel Corp. (NASDAQ: INTC) traded down 0.92% at $35.57. The stock’s 52-week range is $29.50 to $38.45. Volume was 20% below the daily average of around 22.5 million shares. The company had no specific news. The Coca-Cola Co. (NYSE: KO) traded down 0.68% at $42.19. The stock’s 52-week range is $39.88 to $47.13. Volume was about 35% below the daily average of around 14.2 million shares. The company had no significant news Monday. Of the Dow 30 stocks, 10 are on track to close higher Monday and 20 are set to close lower. I'm interested in the Newsletter Get Newsletter terms and conditions   By Paul Ausick « Why One Key Analyst Believes That Valeant Is Kicking the Can in Its Restructuring Deal Rite Aid, Frontier Communications Tumble into Monday’s 52-Week Low Club » Read more: Investing, Dow Jones Industrial Average, market close, Intel (NASDAQ:INTC), JPMorgan Chase & Co. (NYSE:JPM), Coca-Cola (NYSE:KO), The Travelers Companies, Inc. (NYSE:TRV) Free Daily Newsletter Subscribe Terms & Conditions Sponsors Popular The Largest Employer in Every State The 25 Healthiest Cities in America The Most Iconic Job in Every State The Richest Town in Every State 50 Worst Cities to Live In Recent The Happiest (and Most Miserable) Cities in America The Bull Market Turns 8 Years Old: Shocking News Headlines Then Versus Now Rite Aid, Frontier Communications Tumble into Monday’s 52-Week Low Club JPMorgan, Intel Sink DJIA on Monday Get Quote for: Symbol Lookup Search Douglas Dynamics Overcomes a Weak Winter Apple Stock Nears $140: Still a Buy? 4 New Must-Read Quotes From Tesla, Inc. CEO Elon Musk Germany's DAX opens 0.1% higher at 11,964.99 France's CAC 40 opens 0.1% lower at 4,968.75 U.K.'s FTSE 100 opens 0.1% higher at 7,359.58 Why Is Honda Motor (HMC) Up 3.1% Since the Last Earnings Report? Why Is Merck (MRK) Up 3.7% Since the Last Earnings Report? Why Is Nokia (NOK) Up 9.5% Since the Last Earnings Report? Snap slumps 12 percent, closes at lowest since IPO Asian stocks climb, oil down amid U.S. supply glut concerns VW CEO sees no immediate trouble from PSA-Opel deal Australia's Economy Avoids Recession European Stocks Slip For 4th Straight Day China Shares Edge Up on Tech Gains Republicans Just Made It Easier For Companies To Exploit Workers Donald Trump Will Decide Whether You Get Overtime Pay White House Lifts Several Sentences From Exxon Mobil Press Release Home About Us Disclaimer and Terms of Use Privacy Policy Contact Us Advertise AOL-HuffPost Money & Finance ©2017 24/7 Wall St. | Powered by WordPress.com VIP
Contact Us Journalists Blog Log In Sign Up Send a Release News Solutions Resources Search News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News dansk Deutsch español Français italiano Nederlands norsk português suomeksi svenska Royal Bank of Canada announces redemption of TALL Exchange Traded Notes News provided by RBC Mar 06, 2017, 16:35 ET Share this article TORONTO, March 6, 2017 /PRNewswire/ - Royal Bank of Canada ("RBC") (RY on TSX and NYSE) is announcing the redemption of all of the Royal Bank of Canada Exchange Traded Notes due June 20, 2036 linked to the S&P 500® Trend Allocator PR Index ("ETNs"). The ETNs are listed on the NASDAQ Global Market (ticker symbol: TALL). Under the terms of the ETNs and the Indenture, dated as of October 23, 2003 (as supplemented, the "Indenture"), between RBC and The Bank of New York Mellon (as successor to the corporate trust business of JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A.) as Trustee, RBC will redeem all of the ETNs on March 16, 2017 (the "Redemption Date"). RBC expects to provide notice of redemption via The Depository Trust Company on March 8, 2017. The Redemption Price to be paid to holders of the ETNs will be their call settlement value on March 13, 2017, the last Valuation Date, as those terms are defined in the Pricing Supplement dated June 27, 2016 to the Prospectus Supplement and Prospectus, each dated January 8, 2016. The Redemption Price will be paid to the holders on the Redemption Date, which is expected to be the third trading day after the last Valuation Date. The last trading day for the ETNs on the NASDAQ Global Market is expected to be March 13, 2017. Daily creations of the ETNs will be suspended immediately. Daily repurchases at the option of holders will be accepted in the normal manner up to and including March 9, 2017. Beginning on the Redemption Date, the ETNs will no longer be considered outstanding. About RBC Royal Bank of Canada is Canada's largest bank, and one of the largest banks in the world, based on market capitalization. We are one of North America's leading diversified financial services companies, and provide personal and commercial banking, wealth management, insurance, investor services and capital markets products and services on a global basis. We have over 80,000 full- and part-time employees who serve more than 16 million personal, business, public sector and institutional clients through offices in Canada, the U.S. and 35 other countries. For more information, please visit http://www.rbc.com/.‎ SOURCE RBC Related Links http://www.rbc.com Dec 07, 2016, 09:00 ET Preview: RBC Global Asset Management continues to strengthen its advisory solutions team across the U.S. My News Release contains wide tables. View fullscreen. Also from this source Dec 07, 2016, 09:00 ETRBC Global Asset Management continues to strengthen its advisory... Dec 06, 2016, 09:00 ETHigh costs dampen Americans' dreams of traveling in retirement... Explore More news releases in similar topics Banking & Financial Services You just read: Royal Bank of Canada announces redemption of TALL Exchange Traded Notes News provided by RBC Mar 06, 2017, 16:35 ET Share this article Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire? Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform. Sign up to get started Request more information Have an account? Log In Phone 8AM - 10PM ET +1-888-776-0942 Send a Release Sign Up Blog For Journalists Contact Us Search Searching for your content... Advanced Search Contact PR Newswire 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Contact Us General Inquiries Request a Demo Editorial Bureaus Partnerships Media Inquiries Worldwide Offices Solutions Cision Communications Cloud™ For Marketers For Public Relations For IR & Compliance For Agency For Small Business All Products About About PR Newswire About Cision Become a Publishing Partner Become a Channel Partner Careers   Global Sites Asia Brazil Canada Europe Finland France India Israel Mexico Middle East Netherlands Sweden United Kingdom My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Terms of Use Privacy Policy Information Security Policy Statement Site Map RSS Feeds Copyright © 2017 PR Newswire Association LLC. All Rights Reserved. A Cision company. News Solutions Resources News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News dansk Deutsch español Français italiano Nederlands norsk português suomeksi svenska Phone +1-888-776-0942 8AM - 10PM ET Chat All contact info Send a ReleaseLog In
Skip to content MilTech pr@satprnews.com Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 6 March 2017 by Military News Aircastle Announces Pricing of $500 Million Aggregate Principal Amount of Senior Notes STAMFORD, Conn., March 6, 2017 /PRNewswire/ — Aircastle Limited (NYSE: AYR) („Aircastle”) announced today the pricing of $500 million aggregate principal amount of its 4.125% senior notes due 2024 (the „notes”).  The notes were priced at par.  Aircastle plans to use the net proceeds of the offering for general corporate purposes, which may include the acquisition of aircraft or the refinancing of its existing indebtedness. The offering is expected to close on March 20, 2017, subject to the satisfaction of customary closing conditions. Citigroup Global Markets Inc., BNP Paribas Securities Corp., Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc., Deutsche Bank Securities Inc., Goldman, Sachs & Co., J.P. Morgan Securities LLC, Mitsubishi UFJ Securities (USA), Inc. and RBC Capital Markets, LLC are acting as joint book-running managers for the offering. Aircastle has filed a registration statement (including a base prospectus) and a prospectus supplement with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the „SEC”) for the offering of the notes. Before you invest, you should read the base prospectus and prospectus supplement relating to the notes and the other documents Aircastle has filed with the SEC for more complete information about Aircastle and the notes. You may obtain these documents for free by visiting EDGAR on the SEC website at www.sec.gov. Alternatively, the prospectus supplement and accompanying base prospectus may be obtained by contacting Citigroup, c/o Broadridge Financial Solutions, 1155 Long Island Avenue, Edgewood, NY 11717 or by calling (800) 831-9146.  This press release does not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy any of the notes nor does it constitute an offer, solicitation or sale in any jurisdiction in which such offer, solicitation or sale is unlawful. The notes may be offered only by means of a prospectus supplement and accompanying base prospectus. Safe Harbor Certain statements in this press release are forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, including, but not limited to, our intention to consummate the offering and issue the notes, our expectation regarding the aggregate principal amount of notes to be sold and the intended use of proceeds of the offering. Words such as „anticipates,” „expects,” „intends,” „plans,” „projects,” „believes,” „may,” „will,” „would,” „could,” „should,” „seeks,” „estimates” and variations on these words and similar expressions are intended to identify such forward-looking statements. The consummation of the offering is subject to market conditions and other factors that are beyond our control. Accordingly, no assurance can be given that the offering will be completed on the contemplated terms or at all and you should not place undue reliance on any forward-looking statements contained in this press release. For a discussion of some of the risks and important factors that could affect such forward-looking statements, see Aircastle’s filings with the SEC and previously disclosed under „Risk Factors” in Item 1A of Aircastle’s 2016 Annual Report on Form 10-K. In addition, new risks and uncertainties emerge from time to time, and it is not possible for Aircastle to predict or assess the impact of every factor that may cause its actual results to differ from those contained in any forward-looking statements. Such forward-looking statements speak only as of the date of this press release. Aircastle expressly disclaims any obligation to revise or update publicly any forward-looking statement to reflect future events or circumstances. About Aircastle Limited Aircastle Limited acquires, leases and sells commercial jet aircraft to airlines throughout the world.  As of December 31, 2016, Aircastle owned and managed on behalf of its joint ventures 206 aircraft leased to 71 customers located in 36 countries. For more information on Aircastle, please visit www.aircastle.com. SOURCE Aircastle Limited CategoriesUncategorized Tagsaircraft, base, Books, commission, general, jet, Markets, private, Uncategorized, World Post navigation Previous PostPrevious IBM and Salesforce Announce Landmark Global Strategic Partnership Next PostNext Hannon Armstrong Sustainable Infrastructure Capital, Inc. Announces Public Offering of Common Stock Search Recent Posts Atradius annonce des Résultats en hausse de 19 % en 2016 Jaarresultaat Atradius 2016: stijging van 19 procent Atradius steigert das Jahresergebnis für 2016 um 19 Prozent Atradius: utile netto in crescita del 19% nel 2016 Talentoday, startup en technologie Ressources Humaines (RH), a réalisé une levée de fonds « Série A » de 3.49 millions de dollars Proudly powered by WordPress
Latest News Dow 20,954 -51.37 -0.24% Nasdaq 5,849 -21.58 -0.37% S&P 500 2,375 -7.81 -0.33% 4:24 A.M. ET China's FX reserves rise back above $3 trillion 4:23 A.M. ET Updated How Europe-free GM and other auto stocks could rack up a ‘massive breakout’ 4:23 A.M. ET Australian winemaker Accolade drops IPO plan 4:22 A.M. ET Grafton hikes dividend despite drop in profit 4:21 A.M. ET Just Eat profit up 93%; sees more growth ahead 4:20 A.M. ET Updated Tesco sales rise again as Aldi, Lidl keep gaining 4:20 A.M. ET Updated This is the bull market’s 8th birthday! No, wait. THIS is the anniversary 4:18 A.M. ET U.K. house prices rise at a slower pace 4:15 A.M. ET Paysafe reiterates 2017 outlook after profit rises 4:12 A.M. ET Opinion Sam Eisenstadt, a supreme forecaster, has bad news for stock investors 4:01 A.M. ET Miners on the rise, but FTSE 100 struggling 3:35 A.M. ET Nissan's Hybrid Car Gains Ground on Toyota's Prius 3:23 A.M. ET John Laing profit rises; lifts dividend 3:21 A.M. ET Updated Draghi moving toward his first monetary tightening 3:21 A.M. ET Updated Why is market volatility so low when uncertainty is so high? 3:20 A.M. ET Updated Underestimated dangers lurk within ‘the world’s most deceptive chart’ 3:18 A.M. ET Intertek swings to yearly pretax profit 3:17 A.M. ET Shawbrook turns down improved buyout bid 3:15 A.M. ET Updated Why you shouldn’t order ice on a flight, and other ‘dirty little secrets’ 3:14 A.M. ET Updated Facial recognition technology is turning people into human bar codes Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Financial Adviser Center Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement Retire Here, Not There Encore Taxes How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate Location Scouts realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Home Press Release Royal Bank of Canada announces redemption of TALL Exchange Traded Notes By Published: Mar 6, 2017 4:35 p.m. ET Share TORONTO, March 6, 2017 /PRNewswire/ - Royal Bank of Canada ("RBC") (RY on TSX and NYSE) is announcing the redemption of all of the Royal Bank of Canada Exchange Traded Notes due June 20, 2036 linked to the S&P 500 [®] Trend Allocator PR Index ("ETNs"). The ETNs are listed on the NASDAQ Global Market (ticker symbol:TALL). Under the terms of the ETNs and the Indenture, dated as of October 23, 2003 (as supplemented, the "Indenture"), between RBC and The Bank of New York Mellon (as successor to the corporate trust business of JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A.) as Trustee, RBC will redeem all of the ETNs on March 16, 2017 (the "Redemption Date"). RBC expects to provide notice of redemption via The Depository Trust Company on March 8, 2017. The Redemption Price to be paid to holders of the ETNs will be their call settlement value on March 13, 2017, the last Valuation Date, as those terms are defined in the Pricing Supplement dated June 27, 2016 to the Prospectus Supplement and Prospectus, each dated January 8, 2016. The Redemption Price will be paid to the holders on the Redemption Date, which is expected to be the third trading day after the last Valuation Date. The last trading day for the ETNs on the NASDAQ Global Market is expected to be March 13, 2017. Daily creations of the ETNs will be suspended immediately. Daily repurchases at the option of holders will be accepted in the normal manner up to and including March 9, 2017. Beginning on the Redemption Date, the ETNs will no longer be considered outstanding. About RBCRoyal Bank of Canada is Canada's largest bank, and one of the largest banks in the world, based on market capitalization. We are one of North America's leading diversified financial services companies, and provide personal and commercial banking, wealth management, insurance, investor services and capital markets products and services on a global basis. We have over 80,000 full- and part-time employees who serve more than 16 million personal, business, public sector and institutional clients through offices in Canada, the U.S. and 35 other countries. For more information, please visit http://www.rbc.com/. SOURCE RBC Copyright (C) 2017 PR Newswire. All rights reserved Most Popular Struggling shopping malls let high schools, doctors move in where Penney’s used to be Why you shouldn’t order ice on a flight, and other ‘dirty little secrets’ Snap stock suffers first major selloff since going public Stock market closes lower as financials slump, North Korea fires missiles How wearable technology can transform health care MarketWatch Partner Center Property & Politics Ben Carson snaps up D.C.-area home for a discount View More SectorWatch How credit scores predict what you will buy next View More Real Estate We come clean about the least polluted U.S. cities (and the dirtiest) View More Financial News The 10 fintech firms to watch View More Sponsored Headlines MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News Online WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2017 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy (updated). Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. Intraday data delayed per exchange requirements. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real time last sale data provided by NASDAQ. More information on NASDAQ traded symbols and their current financial status. Intraday data delayed 15 minutes for Nasdaq, and 20 minutes for other exchanges. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. SEHK intraday data is provided by SIX Financial Information and is at least 60-minutes delayed. All quotes are in local exchange time. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found
Home About/Contact US Privacy Policy Staff Daily Email Updates Headlines Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Investing Alphabet Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Alphabet Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Recent Posts Canadian Apartment Properties REIT (CAR.UN) Price Target Raised to C$36.00 Bank of Montreal (BMO) Price Target Raised to C$110.00 CIBC Boosts Avigilon Corp (AVO) Price Target to C$18.00 Investment Analysts’ Recent Ratings Updates for Pure Storage (PSTG) Enzymotec Ltd (ENZY) Receives Consensus Rating of “Hold” from Brokerages Daimler AG (DDAIF) Given $74.94 Average Target Price by Analysts Zacks: Analysts Set $1.50 Price Target for UQM Technologies Inc (UQM) Tucows Inc. (TCX) Receives Average Rating of “Hold” from Brokerages Zacks: Arotech Co. (ARTX) Given $4.50 Consensus Target Price by Analysts Bernard D. Berman Purchases 15,000 Shares of Fifth Street Finance Corp. (FSC) Stock Thomas L. Carter, Jr. Purchases 14,000 Shares of Black Stone Minerals LP (BSM) Stock Cotiviti Holdings Inc (COTV) Now Covered by Raymond James Financial, Inc. Canadian Western Bank (CWB) Stock Rating Upgraded by CIBC Cipher Pharmaceuticals Inc (CPH) Rating Reiterated by TD Securities Senior plc (SNR) Given “Neutral” Rating at JPMorgan Chase & Co. Barratt Developments Plc (BDEV) Receives Sell Rating from Liberum Capital WesBanco Inc (WSBC) to Issue Quarterly Dividend of $0.26 on April 1st Research Frontiers, Inc. (REFR) Set to Announce Earnings on Wednesday 3D Systems Co. (DDD) Expected to Earn Q1 2017 Earnings of $0.08 Per Share Goldman Sachs Group Inc Initiates Coverage on Infosys Ltd (INFY) Alphabet’s (GOOG) Outperform Rating Reaffirmed at BMO Capital Markets Posted by Jacob Kohn on Mar 6th, 2017 // No Comments Tweet BMO Capital Markets reaffirmed their outperform rating on shares of Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOG) in a research note released on Friday morning. BMO Capital Markets currently has a $1,005.00 price objective on the stock. Other equities analysts have also issued research reports about the stock. Canaccord Genuity restated a buy rating and set a $925.00 target price on shares of Alphabet in a research report on Wednesday, December 21st. RBC Capital Markets restated an outperform rating and set a $1,025.00 target price on shares of Alphabet in a research report on Thursday, November 3rd. MKM Partners restated a buy rating and set a $1,000.00 target price (up previously from $935.00) on shares of Alphabet in a research report on Thursday, February 2nd. JPMorgan Chase & Co. restated a buy rating on shares of Alphabet in a research report on Friday, January 27th. Finally, Credit Suisse Group AG restated a buy rating and set a $1,100.00 target price on shares of Alphabet in a research report on Friday, January 27th. One equities research analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, two have given a hold rating and forty-two have assigned a buy rating to the stock. The company currently has a consensus rating of Buy and a consensus price target of $959.58. Shares of Alphabet (NASDAQ:GOOG) traded down 0.16% during midday trading on Friday, reaching $827.78. 1,104,294 shares of the company’s stock were exchanged. The stock has a market cap of $572.34 billion, a PE ratio of 29.69 and a beta of 0.94. The stock’s 50 day moving average is $816.93 and its 200-day moving average is $788.22. Alphabet has a 12-month low of $663.28 and a 12-month high of $841.95. Alphabet (NASDAQ:GOOG) last issued its earnings results on Thursday, January 26th. The company reported $9.36 earnings per share for the quarter, missing the Zacks’ consensus estimate of $9.67 by $0.31. Alphabet had a return on equity of 14.85% and a net margin of 21.58%. The company had revenue of $26.04 billion for the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $25.18 billion. During the same quarter in the prior year, the company posted $8.67 EPS. Alphabet’s revenue was up 22.2% compared to the same quarter last year. On average, equities analysts expect that Alphabet will post $33.33 EPS for the current year. “Alphabet’s (GOOG) Outperform Rating Reaffirmed at BMO Capital Markets” was first posted by Web Breaking News and is the property of of Web Breaking News. If you are viewing this story on another site, it was copied illegally and reposted in violation of U.S. & international trademark & copyright legislation. The correct version of this story can be viewed at http://www.webbreakingnews.com/2017/03/06/alphabets-goog-outperform-rating-reaffirmed-at-bmo-capital-markets.html. In other Alphabet news, SVP David C. Drummond sold 2,000 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Monday, December 12th. The shares were sold at an average price of $794.93, for a total transaction of $1,589,860.00. Following the completion of the transaction, the senior vice president now directly owns 8,748 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $6,954,047.64. The transaction was disclosed in a legal filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is accessible through this link. Also, CEO Sundar Pichai sold 4,000 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Wednesday, December 7th. The stock was sold at an average price of $762.78, for a total transaction of $3,051,120.00. Following the transaction, the chief executive officer now directly owns 2,938 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $2,241,047.64. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Insiders sold a total of 619,238 shares of company stock valued at $497,622,306 over the last ninety days. 13.92% of the stock is currently owned by insiders. Institutional investors have recently bought and sold shares of the company. Harris Associates L P raised its position in Alphabet by 10.0% in the second quarter. Harris Associates L P now owns 2,182,353 shares of the company’s stock valued at $1,510,409,000 after buying an additional 198,350 shares during the period. US Bancorp DE raised its position in Alphabet by 0.7% in the second quarter. US Bancorp DE now owns 143,705 shares of the company’s stock valued at $99,458,000 after buying an additional 1,031 shares during the period. HRT Financial LLC purchased a new position in Alphabet during the second quarter valued at $227,000. BlackRock Institutional Trust Company N.A. raised its position in Alphabet by 0.8% in the second quarter. BlackRock Institutional Trust Company N.A. now owns 7,758,701 shares of the company’s stock valued at $5,369,797,000 after buying an additional 64,853 shares during the period. Finally, Vanguard Group Inc. raised its position in Alphabet by 1.2% in the second quarter. Vanguard Group Inc. now owns 18,237,076 shares of the company’s stock valued at $12,621,879,000 after buying an additional 221,141 shares during the period. 34.74% of the stock is owned by institutional investors. About Alphabet Alphabet Inc is a holding company. The Company’s businesses include Google Inc (Google) and its Internet products, such as Access, Calico, CapitalG, GV, Nest, Verily, Waymo and X. The Company’s segments include Google and Other Bets. The Google segment includes its Internet products, such as Search, Ads, Commerce, Maps, YouTube, Google Cloud, Android, Chrome and Google Play, as well as its hardware initiatives. Receive News & Ratings for Alphabet Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Alphabet Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter. « Previous Altagas Ltd (ALA) Director Allan Leslie Edgeworth Sells 1,100 Shares Next » Graco Inc. (GGG) Downgraded to Hold at Zacks Investment Research Latest News Nike Suspends Relationship with Maria Sharapova Rob Bironas Ex-Titans Kicker Dies in Car Crash Ron Washington Leaves Texas Rangers Due to an Affair Jonathan Dwyer Falls in Line with Other Banned NFL Players Tony Stewart Case Going to the Grand Jury Oscar Pistorius “Blade Runner” Found Not Guilty of Murder Leave a Reply Click here to cancel reply. Name (Required) Mail (will not be published) (Required) Website   Home Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Headlines Investing © 2006-2017 Web Breaking News.
HOME EDITION News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance CNBC Explains Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows Watch Live CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Full Episodes More Log In | Register Log Out News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Consumer Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Take a Tour Subscribe Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance CNBC Explains Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Special Reports Iconic Tour CNBC Upstart 25 Snapchat IPO CERAWeek SXSW Trader Talk CNBC Disruptor 50 Future Opportunities Retail Report Original Series Executive Edge Trading Nation Futures Now Retire Well The Pulse @ 1 Market The Bottom Line CNBC Events Davos Delivering Alpha eMerge Americas iCONIC Conference Cambridge Cyber Summit Sohn Conference Follow CNBC EDITION Register Log In Profile Email Preferences PRO Sign Out Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Take a Tour Subscribe LIVE TV Watch CNBC TV Watch CNBC Pro Watchlist X × × × × Pro Analysis Start Over| ‹ Trump's postelection market rally could soon hit a wall, JPMorgan says Hedge funds love these 4 bank stocks and you should too, Goldman Sachs says Jefferies upgrades Dow Chemical and DuPont to buy Alcoa to rally more than 40% because it's a 'cash machine,' Goldman says Buy Apple on iPhone 8 ‘super-cycle,’ India growth, Citi says FedEx shares are cheap, BMO says; upgrades stock to outperform Sell Snap because competitors are ‘stealing its best ideas,’ Needham says Netflix shares to rally as international subscribers top expectations, UBS says Santoli: Nearly everyone knows US stocks aren’t cheap, but it may not matter These are 4 favorite stocks of the Street's top consumer analysts: TipRanks Usually bullish Tom Lee issues mea culpa on missing this rally Sell GoPro on action camera market 'saturation,' Citi says Buy Dr Pepper Snapple on Bai drinks, Trump's tax reform, Jefferies says Strategist Stovall raises year-end market forecast Snap IPO marks moment investors gave up giving a damn Chart analysts see momentum carrying the Dow beyond 21,000 These Trump trades have ‘more to go,’ Jefferies says This hot biotech stock will surge more than 50 percent this year, analyst says Wall Street believes these stocks will lead the Dow to its next milestone Bridgewater’s radical reality Wall Street analysts are bullish on Alphabet's YouTube TV streaming service Buy this energy stock for its rising dividends, Goldman Sachs says Citi cautions clients about chasing defense stocks at these levels Goldman Sachs says this chip stock will surge this year Intel to fall 17% on increasing competition from Nvidia and AMD, Bernstein says Overbought February: 10 stocks ready to drop based on statistics Breakingviews: Target’s wobbly aim will take time to correct Deutsche Bank upgrades CSX to buy, predicts 23 percent rally US Steel to rally nearly 60% on oil industry turnaround, Cowen says Costco may raise its membership fees, UBS says Jefferies strategist says it's time to bet on a market storm ahead, here's why JPMorgan says Street might be too bearish on Aflac, upgrades the stock Even after plunge, Under Armour shares are overvalued, analyst says Jefferies says Chevron's big dividend to get even bigger, makes stock a top pick Goldman warns a sell-off is coming and one of these 3 things may cause it Traders bet these 5 stocks will beat Wall Street's earnings expectations Buy Nvidia dip as 'secular growth story' is still intact, Goldman Sachs says Sell Tesla because Model 3 sales will disappoint next year, Goldman Sachs says These are top health-care analysts' 5 favorite stocks: TipRanks Hollywood’s Oscar glow could be dimmed by China Jefferies downgrades Goodyear Tire to hold on stretched valuations Buy Intuit on rising small business software sales, tax reform, Credit Suisse says Here's a new under-the-radar Trump trade: Boxes JPMorgan upgrades Wendy's to buy, saying new cost-cutting strategy is working Sell Goldman Sachs as ‘all the good news is priced in,’ analyst says Morning Top 10 Friday Breakingviews: Mnuchin’s stock-market brag Many S&P 500 stocks have already reached their 12-month price forecasts These 10 stocks trailing the market's record run may catch up, Jefferies says Morgan Stanley says housing recovery still in 'middle innings' Nvidia to fall nearly 20% on increasing competition from AMD, high valuation, analyst says This frothy market indicator hit a 25-year high, but some analysts aren't worried Sell TripAdvisor on increasing competition, earnings risk Unilever may be tempted by artificial sweeteners Bank of America upgrades Wal-Mart to buy on strong e-commerce growth Hedgies hate these stocks These 17 stocks are hedge funds' new favorites, Goldman says Breakingviews: Morning Top 10 Friday TipRanks: Three stocks with big insider buying Traders bet these 5 stocks will beat Wall Street's earnings expectations 3G chews over next big move Marriott downgraded on valuation, lackluster hotel bookings JPMorgan downgrades Outback Steakhouse owner on restaurant closures Tiffany's embraces new blood Buy Apple on better China demand for the next iPhone, Morgan Stanley says Dick's Sporting Goods downgraded because of retail slowdown Morning Top 10 Friday Stephen Weiss: Your investment setup for the week ahead Buy Square because it's the ‘category leader’ of small business payments: Citi Strategist Tom Lee says it's time to own 'FANG' again Buy Arch Coal on deregulation under Trump, potential dividend, Jefferies says Buy cloud play Workday before earnings, Piper Jaffray says Here are the features that will be in the next iPhone, according to Cowen Morning Top 10 Friday Goldman Sachs says stock picking is back and this is how to play it Breakingviews: Snap’s IPO momentums' hard to break Op-Ed: Why market comparisons to 1962 are spooky UBS analyst can't understand why Tesla shares are up so much this year Credit Suisse downgrades Wells Fargo, says stock is fully valued 7 tech stocks that can thrive if Trump sparks inflation, Goldman says Morning Top 10 These are top technology analysts' 5 favorite stocks: TipRanks Munger on Apple, airlines, life lessons and his top 3 personal investments Here's how hedge funds are trading Trump Food company stocks getting unfairly punished by rate fears, Deutsche Bank says Pacific Crest makes Salesforce its top cloud pick for 2017 Morning Top 10 Here are the potential winners and losers from GOP's border tax, UBS says Wall Street has a new favorite Apple derivative play 7 tech stocks that will benefit if Trump cuts repatriation tax, Goldman says This bull market run is more than just a Trump trade, strategist says These 10 tech stocks will thrive from Trump cutting taxes, Goldman says Morgan Stanley says the worst is over for plunging Under Armour shares Morning Top 10 S&P 500 to rally 8% by year end, but not because of Trump, RBC says The 'Trump bump' has run its course, buy growth stocks now, Jefferies says Verizon’s new unlimited plan means its profits will decline this year, Goldman says New iPhone 8 this year will have augmented reality technology, Goldman says Apple shares near a record high are still undervalued, according to UBS › Pro Analysis JPMorgan predicts short-term market pullback due to Fed rate increase, complacent hedge funds Giovanny Moreano | @GiovannyMoreano 12 Hours AgoCNBC.com SHARES Lucas Jackson | Reuters Traders works on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange as a television screen displays coverage of U.S. Federal Reserve Chairman Janet Yellen shortly after the announcement that the U.S. Federal Reserve will hike interest rates, in New York, December 14, 2016. The massive rally in the stock market since the U.S. presidential election could soon hit a wall, according to strategists at JPMorgan. "In the near-term we see increasing risk of a sell-off due to more hawkish Fed rhetoric at a time when investor positioning is stretched and equity volatility is likely to rise from low levels," JPMorgan's U.S. equity strategist Dubravko Lakos-Bujas wrote in a note to clients Monday. U.S. stocks are up 11 percent since the election on Nov. 8, led by financial stocks, which are up nearly 24 percent over the same period. Other cyclical sectors such as industrials, technology and materials are each up at least 11 percent. Given the strong gains, stocks already pierced last week through the firm's year-end price target of 2,400, likely limiting the upside potential from here, at least in the short term, JPMorgan said. Giovanny MoreanoInvesting Journalist Related Securities Symbol Price   Change %Change JPM --- Pro Analysis JPMorgan predicts short-term market pullback due to Fed rate increase, complacent hedge funds Hedge funds love these 4 bank stocks and you should too, Goldman Sachs says Jefferies upgrades Dow Chemical and DuPont on economic improvement since merger announced Alcoa to rally more than 40% because it's a 'cash machine,' Goldman says Buy Apple on iPhone 8 ‘super-cycle,’ India growth, Citi says To view this site, you need to have JavaScript enabled in your browser, and either the Flash Plugin or an HTML5-Video enabled browser. Download the latest Flash player and try again. Playing Share this video... × Watch Next...
Latest News Dow 20,954 -51.37 -0.24% Nasdaq 5,849 -21.58 -0.37% S&P 500 2,375 -7.81 -0.33% 4:24 A.M. ET China's FX reserves rise back above $3 trillion 4:23 A.M. ET Updated How Europe-free GM and other auto stocks could rack up a ‘massive breakout’ 4:23 A.M. ET Australian winemaker Accolade drops IPO plan 4:22 A.M. ET Grafton hikes dividend despite drop in profit 4:21 A.M. ET Just Eat profit up 93%; sees more growth ahead 4:20 A.M. ET Updated Tesco sales rise again as Aldi, Lidl keep gaining 4:20 A.M. ET Updated This is the bull market’s 8th birthday! No, wait. THIS is the anniversary 4:18 A.M. ET U.K. house prices rise at a slower pace 4:15 A.M. ET Paysafe reiterates 2017 outlook after profit rises 4:12 A.M. ET Opinion Sam Eisenstadt, a supreme forecaster, has bad news for stock investors 4:01 A.M. ET Miners on the rise, but FTSE 100 struggling 3:35 A.M. ET Nissan's Hybrid Car Gains Ground on Toyota's Prius 3:23 A.M. ET John Laing profit rises; lifts dividend 3:21 A.M. ET Updated Draghi moving toward his first monetary tightening 3:21 A.M. ET Updated Why is market volatility so low when uncertainty is so high? 3:20 A.M. ET Updated Underestimated dangers lurk within ‘the world’s most deceptive chart’ 3:18 A.M. ET Intertek swings to yearly pretax profit 3:17 A.M. ET Shawbrook turns down improved buyout bid 3:15 A.M. ET Updated Why you shouldn’t order ice on a flight, and other ‘dirty little secrets’ 3:14 A.M. ET Updated Facial recognition technology is turning people into human bar codes Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Financial Adviser Center Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement Retire Here, Not There Encore Taxes How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate Location Scouts realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Home Press Release Aircastle Announces Pricing of $500 Million Aggregate Principal Amount of Senior Notes By Published: Mar 6, 2017 4:15 p.m. ET Share STAMFORD, Conn., March 6, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Aircastle Limited AYR, -2.38% ("Aircastle") announced today the pricing of $500 million aggregate principal amount of its 4.125% senior notes due 2024 (the "notes").  The notes were priced at par.  Aircastle plans to use the net proceeds of the offering for general corporate purposes, which may include the acquisition of aircraft or the refinancing of its existing indebtedness. The offering is expected to close on March 20, 2017, subject to the satisfaction of customary closing conditions. Citigroup Global Markets Inc., BNP Paribas Securities Corp., Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc., Deutsche Bank Securities Inc., Goldman, Sachs & Co., J.P. Morgan Securities LLC, Mitsubishi UFJ Securities (USA), Inc. and RBC Capital Markets, LLC are acting as joint book-running managers for the offering. Aircastle has filed a registration statement (including a base prospectus) and a prospectus supplement with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the "SEC") for the offering of the notes. Before you invest, you should read the base prospectus and prospectus supplement relating to the notes and the other documents Aircastle has filed with the SEC for more complete information about Aircastle and the notes. You may obtain these documents for free by visiting EDGAR on the SEC website at www.sec.gov. Alternatively, the prospectus supplement and accompanying base prospectus may be obtained by contacting Citigroup, c/o Broadridge Financial Solutions, 1155 Long Island Avenue, Edgewood, NY 11717 or by calling (800) 831-9146.  This press release does not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy any of the notes nor does it constitute an offer, solicitation or sale in any jurisdiction in which such offer, solicitation or sale is unlawful. The notes may be offered only by means of a prospectus supplement and accompanying base prospectus. Safe Harbor Certain statements in this press release are forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, including, but not limited to, our intention to consummate the offering and issue the notes, our expectation regarding the aggregate principal amount of notes to be sold and the intended use of proceeds of the offering. Words such as "anticipates," "expects," "intends," "plans," "projects," "believes," "may," "will," "would," "could," "should," "seeks," "estimates" and variations on these words and similar expressions are intended to identify such forward-looking statements. The consummation of the offering is subject to market conditions and other factors that are beyond our control. Accordingly, no assurance can be given that the offering will be completed on the contemplated terms or at all and you should not place undue reliance on any forward-looking statements contained in this press release. For a discussion of some of the risks and important factors that could affect such forward-looking statements, see Aircastle's filings with the SEC and previously disclosed under "Risk Factors" in Item 1A of Aircastle's 2016 Annual Report on Form 10-K. In addition, new risks and uncertainties emerge from time to time, and it is not possible for Aircastle to predict or assess the impact of every factor that may cause its actual results to differ from those contained in any forward-looking statements. Such forward-looking statements speak only as of the date of this press release. Aircastle expressly disclaims any obligation to revise or update publicly any forward-looking statement to reflect future events or circumstances. About Aircastle Limited Aircastle Limited acquires, leases and sells commercial jet aircraft to airlines throughout the world.  As of December 31, 2016, Aircastle owned and managed on behalf of its joint ventures 206 aircraft leased to 71 customers located in 36 countries. Contacts:        Aircastle Advisor LLC                                                                       The IGB Group Frank Constantinople, SVP Investor Relations                                  Leon Berman Tel: +1-203-504-1063                                                                         Tel: +1-212-477-8438 fconstantinople@aircastle.com                                                           lberman@igbir.com   For more information on Aircastle, please visit www.aircastle.com. To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/aircastle-announces-pricing-of-500-million-aggregate-principal-amount-of-senior-notes-300418653.html SOURCE Aircastle Limited Copyright (C) 2017 PR Newswire. All rights reserved Quote References AYR -0.58 -2.38% Most Popular Struggling shopping malls let high schools, doctors move in where Penney’s used to be Why you shouldn’t order ice on a flight, and other ‘dirty little secrets’ Snap stock suffers first major selloff since going public Stock market closes lower as financials slump, North Korea fires missiles How wearable technology can transform health care MarketWatch Partner Center Property & Politics Ben Carson snaps up D.C.-area home for a discount View More SectorWatch How credit scores predict what you will buy next View More Real Estate We come clean about the least polluted U.S. cities (and the dirtiest) View More Financial News The 10 fintech firms to watch View More Sponsored Headlines MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News Online WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2017 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy (updated). Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. Intraday data delayed per exchange requirements. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real time last sale data provided by NASDAQ. More information on NASDAQ traded symbols and their current financial status. Intraday data delayed 15 minutes for Nasdaq, and 20 minutes for other exchanges. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. SEHK intraday data is provided by SIX Financial Information and is at least 60-minutes delayed. All quotes are in local exchange time. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found Aircastle Ltd. U.S.: NYSE: AYR $23.80 -0.58 (-2.38%) Volume 270.2K Open $24.21 High $24.27 Low $23.60 P/E Ratio 12.4 Div Yield 4.37 Market Cap 1.9B
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Schroders plc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Schroders plc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Continental AG (CTTAY) Cut to Hold at Zacks Investment Research Keith A. Sultana Sells 1,046 Shares of Ingersoll-Rand PLC (IR) Stock Goldcorp Inc. (G) Director Sells C$33,415.80 in Stock Loop Capital Reiterates “Buy” Rating for Micron Technology, Inc. (MU) Insider Selling: Trade Desk Inc (TTD) COO Sells 100,000 Shares of Stock Insider Selling: Vitamin Shoppe Inc (VSI) Director Sells 100,000 Shares of Stock Paul A. Jacobson Sells 20,100 Shares of Delta Air Lines, Inc. (DAL) Stock Insider Selling: Electronic Arts Inc. (EA) EVP Sells 10,000 Shares of Stock Beigene Ltd (BGNE) CEO Sells $4,459,149.09 in Stock Sempra Energy (SRE) Director Sells $544,600.00 in Stock Axalta Coating Systems Ltd (AXTA) CFO Sells $518,873.70 in Stock DA Davidson Begins Coverage on WesBanco Inc (WSBC) Research Analysts’ Recent Ratings Updates for Priceline Group (PCLN) Amedisys (AMED) – Investment Analysts’ Weekly Ratings Updates Canadian Pacific Railway Limited (CP) Earns Outperform Rating from Credit Suisse Group AG Insider Buying: Air T, Inc. (AIRT) CEO Purchases 500 Shares of Stock Eyegate Pharmaceuticals Inc (EYEG) Director Morton Goldberg Sells 8,919 Shares Genie Energy Ltd. (GNE) Director James A. Courter Sells 5,000 Shares Insider Selling: Enterprise Products Partners L.P. (EPD) Insider Sells 15,000 Shares of Stock Ascena Retail Group Inc (ASNA) Issues FY17 Earnings Guidance Schroders plc (SDR) Given Equal weight Rating at Barclays PLC March 6th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Trevor Kearing Filed Under: Analyst Articles - UK - Finance Tweet Barclays PLC reiterated their equal weight rating on shares of Schroders plc (LON:SDR) in a research note published on Friday morning. A number of other brokerages have also commented on SDR. Numis Securities Ltd restated a buy rating and set a GBX 3,771 ($46.12) price target on shares of Schroders plc in a research note on Thursday. Liberum Capital restated a hold rating and set a GBX 2,750 ($33.64) price target on shares of Schroders plc in a research note on Thursday. JPMorgan Chase & Co. reaffirmed an overweight rating on shares of Schroders plc in a report on Monday, February 13th. BNP Paribas reaffirmed a neutral rating and set a GBX 2,850 ($34.86) price objective on shares of Schroders plc in a report on Tuesday, January 10th. Finally, Citigroup Inc reaffirmed a buy rating on shares of Schroders plc in a report on Friday, January 6th. One equities research analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, eight have given a hold rating and seven have assigned a buy rating to the stock. The company currently has a consensus rating of Hold and a consensus price target of GBX 3,029.29 ($37.05). Shares of Schroders plc (LON:SDR) traded up 1.56% during trading on Friday, hitting GBX 3119.00. 411,623 shares of the stock traded hands. The stock’s market cap is GBX 8.58 billion. The stock has a 50 day moving average price of GBX 3,007.89 and a 200-day moving average price of GBX 2,867.63. Schroders plc has a 1-year low of GBX 1,960.00 and a 1-year high of GBX 3,183.00. “Schroders plc (SDR) Given Equal weight Rating at Barclays PLC” was originally published by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are reading this story on another website, it was illegally stolen and reposted in violation of U.S. & international copyright law. The original version of this story can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/03/06/schroders-plc-sdr-given-equal-weight-rating-at-barclays-plc.html. The business also recently declared a dividend, which will be paid on Thursday, May 4th. Investors of record on Thursday, March 30th will be issued a GBX 64 ($0.78) dividend. This is an increase from Schroders plc’s previous dividend of $29.00. This represents a dividend yield of 2.1%. The ex-dividend date is Thursday, March 30th. In related news, insider Peter Harrison purchased 9 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Monday, December 12th. The shares were bought at an average cost of GBX 2,942 ($35.98) per share, with a total value of £264.78 ($323.85). Also, insider Philip Mallinckrodt sold 3,775 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction dated Wednesday, December 21st. The stock was sold at an average price of GBX 2,236 ($27.35), for a total transaction of £84,409 ($103,239.97). Insiders purchased a total of 24 shares of company stock worth $71,947 over the last three months. About Schroders plc Schroders plc (Schroders) is the parent company of an international asset management and private banking group. Schroders operates three business segments: Asset Management, Private Banking and Group. Asset Management includes three divisions: Investment, which consists of its portfolio management, research and dealing functions across a product range covering equities, fixed income, multi-asset and alternatives; Distribution, which employs people globally, specialising in sales, client service, marketing, product development and product management, and serving institutional and intermediary sales channels, and Infrastructure, which employs people in the information technology, operations, finance, risk management, human resources, legal, compliance and internal audit. Receive News & Ratings for Schroders plc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Schroders plc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News New Travel Ban by President Trump Could be Announced Monday Hackers Accessed Private Email of Mike Pence While He Was Governor President Trump’s First Address Optimistic Trump Asking for Steep Increases in Spending for Military President Trump Wants the Largest Nuclear Arsenal © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Fortis Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Fortis Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News John Bean Technologies Corp (JBT) Short Interest Update Bill Barrett Corporation (BBG) Shares Gap Down Following Analyst Downgrade RWE AG (RWE) Given a €16.00 Price Target by Goldman Sachs Group Inc Analysts Schneider Electric SE (SU) Given a €73.00 Price Target by Morgan Stanley Analysts Cheniere Energy Partners LP (CQP) Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research to “Buy” Barclays PLC Analysts Give Infineon Technologies AG (IFXA) a €15.75 Price Target Volkswagen AG (VOW3) Given a €167.00 Price Target by Kepler Capital Markets Analysts KeyCorp Equities Analysts Cut Earnings Estimates for Wingstop Inc. (WING) Express, Inc. (EXPR) Set to Announce Earnings on Wednesday Quartix Holdings PLC (QTX) Insider Buys £49,875 in Stock Insider Selling: Taylor Wimpey plc (TW) Insider Sells £384,357.75 in Stock Simon Litherland Buys 22 Shares of Britvic Plc (BVIC) Stock Vetr Inc. Upgrades Check Point Software Technologies Ltd. (CHKP) to “Strong-Buy” Express Scripts Holding Company (ESRX) Upgraded to “Strong-Buy” by Vetr Inc. Tableau Software Inc (DATA) Upgraded to “Strong-Buy” at Vetr Inc. Macy's Inc (M) Stock Rating Upgraded by Vetr Inc. Continental AG (CTTAY) Cut to Hold at Zacks Investment Research Keith A. Sultana Sells 1,046 Shares of Ingersoll-Rand PLC (IR) Stock Goldcorp Inc. (G) Director Sells C$33,415.80 in Stock Loop Capital Reiterates “Buy” Rating for Micron Technology, Inc. (MU) Fortis’ (FTS) “Buy” Rating Reaffirmed at TD Securities March 6th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Jeff Wilder Filed Under: Analyst Articles - CA - Finance Tweet TD Securities reiterated their buy rating on shares of Fortis Inc (TSE:FTS) in a research report sent to investors on Friday morning. The brokerage currently has a C$48.00 price target on the stock. FTS has been the subject of a number of other reports. Royal Bank of Canada restated an outperform rating and set a C$52.00 price target on shares of Fortis in a report on Tuesday, January 24th. Desjardins restated a buy rating and set a C$46.00 price target on shares of Fortis in a report on Thursday, November 24th. Raymond James Financial, Inc. cut shares of Fortis from an outperform rating to a mkt perform rating in a report on Tuesday, January 17th. Scotiabank restated an outperform rating and set a C$48.00 price target on shares of Fortis in a report on Monday, November 7th. Finally, JPMorgan Chase & Co. restated a neutral rating and set a C$44.00 price target on shares of Fortis in a report on Monday, February 27th. One analyst has rated the stock with a hold rating and five have assigned a buy rating to the company’s stock. The company has a consensus rating of Buy and a consensus target price of C$48.11. Fortis (TSE:FTS) traded up 0.17% during trading on Friday, hitting $42.44. The stock had a trading volume of 249,244 shares. Fortis has a 52 week low of $38.52 and a 52 week high of $44.87. The stock has a 50-day moving average price of $41.82 and a 200-day moving average price of $41.71. The company has a market cap of $17.04 billion and a PE ratio of 22.47. This story was originally published by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are accessing this story on another publication, it was illegally stolen and reposted in violation of U.S. and international copyright & trademark laws. The original version of this story can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/03/06/fortis-fts-buy-rating-reaffirmed-at-td-securities.html. The business also recently announced a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Thursday, June 1st. Investors of record on Friday, May 19th will be paid a $0.40 dividend. This represents a $1.60 annualized dividend and a dividend yield of 3.78%. About Fortis Fortis Inc (Fortis) is a Canada-based electric and gas utility company. The Company’s segments include Regulated Utilities and Non-Regulated Utilities. The Regulated Utilities segment includes Regulated Electric & Gas Utilities-United States, which consists of UNS Energy Corporation (UNS Energy) and Central Hudson Gas & Electric Corporation (Central Hudson); Regulated Gas Utility-Canadian, which consists of FortisBC Energy Inc (FortisBC Energy); Regulated Electric Utilities-Canadian, which consists of FortisAlberta Inc (FortisAlberta), FortisBC Electric and Eastern Canadian, and Regulated Electric Utilities-Caribbean, which includes its ownership interest in Caribbean Utilities Company, Ltd. Receive News & Ratings for Fortis Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Fortis Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News New Travel Ban by President Trump Could be Announced Monday Hackers Accessed Private Email of Mike Pence While He Was Governor President Trump’s First Address Optimistic Trump Asking for Steep Increases in Spending for Military President Trump Wants the Largest Nuclear Arsenal © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Skip to main content The Meeting Place of Intelligent Business NBR VIEW Masters of Business Radio Print Edition Business Banking & Finance Property Ad/Media Politics Tech Law & Courts Motoring Arts & Film Rich List Markets Appointments Poll Results Search form Search Home Meet Our Journos Advertise Help Contact Special Reports Subscribe Search Log in Log in NBR VIEW Masters of Business Radio Print Edition Business Banking & Finance Property Ad/Media Politics Tech Law & Courts Motoring Arts & Film Rich List Markets Appointments Poll Results . While you were sleeping: UPDATED Wall St retreats, led by financials Margreet Dietz Tuesday March 7, 2017 Share Play NBR radio on Equities on both sides of the Atlantic moved lower as investors reassessed valuations amid the prospect the US Federal Reserve will increase interest rates at next week's meeting. Fed chairwoman Janet Yellen last Friday also signalled a potentially steeper pace of further rate hikes this year. A Commerce Department report showed US factory goods orders rose 1.2% in January, beating economists' expectations. US Treasuries fell, pushing yields on the 10-year note three basis points higher to 2.494% from 2.492 on Friday, while the greenback strengthened. Wall Street weakened. At the close of trading in New York, the Dow Jones Industrial Average fell 51.37 points, or 0.2%, to 20,854.34. The Nasdaq Composite Index declined 0.4% to 5849.17 and the Standard & Poor's 500 Index slid 0.3% to 2375.31. The Dow fell, led by declines in JPMorgan Chase and Intel shares, down 1.0% and 1.1% respectively. Tyson drops on bird flu report Tyson Foods shares declined as a deadly form of bird flu was found in a Tennessee operation that supplies the largest US chicken producer. This is the first confirmed case of highly pathogenic H7 avian influenza in US commercial poultry this year, the Department of Agriculture's Animal and Plant Health Inspection Service said. "Based on the limited scope known to us at this time, we don't expect disruptions to our chicken business and plan to meet our customers' needs," Tyson spokesman Worth Sparkman told Bloomberg. State officials quarantined the affected premises and birds on the property will be killed to prevent the spread of the disease, the USDA said, adding that birds from the flock will not enter the food system. Tyson Foods shares traded 3.4% weaker. GM sells Opel General Motors shares declined 0.8% after it said it would take a charge of at least $US4 billion in connection with the sale of its European operations. Shares of France’s Peugeot gained 2.7% after it said it would pay €1.3 billion for GM’s Opel and Vauxhall brands. In Europe, the Stoxx 600 Index ended the day with a decline of 0.5% from the previous close. The UK's FTSE 100 Index retreated 0.3%, while France's CAC 40 Index gave up 0.5%, and Germany's DAX Index dropped 0.6%. Shares of Deutsche Bank dropped 3.2% after the Germany's biggest lender announced it is seeking to raise about €8 billion by issuing new shares as part of a plan to overhaul its business. "The question is ... whether the bank will need more yet again in a few years," Stefan de Schutter, a trader at Frankfurt-based Alpha, told Reuters. "Until now, none of the restructuring measures have borne fruit." Bucking the trend, Standard Life shares rose 5.7 % after it agreed to acquire Aberdeen Asset Management to form one of Europe's biggest fund managers. (BusinessDesk)   Got a question about this story? Leave it in Comments & Questions below. This article is tagged with the following keywords. Find out more about MyNBR Tags while you were sleeping Comments & Questions Commenter icon key: Subscriber Verified Post New comment or question Your name Comment * More information about text formats Plain text No HTML tags allowed. Web page addresses and e-mail addresses turn into links automatically. Lines and paragraphs break automatically. Home page NZ Market Snapshot Forex Sym Price Change USD 0.6995 -0.0002 -0.03% AUD 0.9214 -0.0002 -0.02% EUR 0.6610 -0.0002 -0.03% GBP 0.5715 0.0000 0.00% HKD 5.4312 -0.0004 -0.01% JPY 79.7320 0.0210 0.03% Commods Commodity Price Change Time Gold Index 1225.5 -9.190 2017-03-06T00: Oil Brent 56.3 0.120 2017-03-06T00: Oil Nymex 53.7 -0.110 2017-03-06T00: Silver Index 17.8 0.030 2017-03-06T00: Indices Symbol Open High Last % NZX 50 7178.7 7178.7 7178.7 -0.15% NASDAQ 5846.4 5857.7 5870.8 -0.37% DAX 11963.8 11987.0 11958.4 0.19% DJI 20955.7 20986.4 21005.7 -0.24% FTSE 7350.1 7363.7 7350.1 0.15% HKSE 23630.3 23728.0 23596.3 0.36% NI225 19337.2 19375.1 19379.1 -0.18% ASX 5746.5 5774.8 5746.5 0.26% Most Popular Read ACT leader calls super changes a snub to anyone under 45 Labour caucus elects Jacinda Ardern deputy leader NZ gender pay gap unchanged in more than a decade New Zealand banks will probably need more capital Prominent lobby groups join appeal against Ryman's planned Devonport retirement village Commented ACT leader calls super changes a snub to anyone under 45 English hints at super 'reset' Bill's super gamble and inter-generational generalisations Trump’s Beltway: Obama tapped my phones, President claims Election 2017: Super stoush looms Most listened to What's the story behind the story? Our special feature audio offers a mix of comment from journalists, experts and panel discussions. Labour's President Nigel Haworth says the Jacinda factor won't change the Party's campaign strategy Westpac senior markets strategist Imre Speizer joins NBR's Grant Walker for Currency Talk RBNZ deputy governor Grant Spencer on the upcoming bank capital review Liftoff's Adam Hunt on New Zealand's crowded equity crowdfunding sector Streaming video war: forget entertainment, sport is where the real money is, says commentator Paul Brislen Only available on Previous article Blind spots identified in health and safety compliance Environment minister wins Maori Party over to RMA reform with iwi deal Next article Z Energy, other virtual AGMs, could lead to censorship Car Torque: Jaguar’s I-Pace leaps from concept to production Features NBR Rich List Full results and analysis of the 2016 NBR Rich List People Scene Catching people out and about Appointments People in business NBR Special Report Our reporters examine what’s happening in industry sectors The Meeting Place of Intelligent Business Home Meet Our Journos Advertise Help Contact Special Reports Subscribe Search Log in Log in Share Copyright Notice Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions RSS feeds Share width="1" height="1" alt="" /> While you were sleeping: UPDATED Wall St retreats, led by financials
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Orange SA - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Orange SA with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Aegion Corp (AEGN) Raised to B at TheStreet John Bean Technologies Corp (JBT) Short Interest Update Bill Barrett Corporation (BBG) Shares Gap Down Following Analyst Downgrade RWE AG (RWE) Given a €16.00 Price Target by Goldman Sachs Group Inc Analysts Schneider Electric SE (SU) Given a €73.00 Price Target by Morgan Stanley Analysts Cheniere Energy Partners LP (CQP) Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research to “Buy” Barclays PLC Analysts Give Infineon Technologies AG (IFXA) a €15.75 Price Target Volkswagen AG (VOW3) Given a €167.00 Price Target by Kepler Capital Markets Analysts KeyCorp Equities Analysts Cut Earnings Estimates for Wingstop Inc. (WING) Express, Inc. (EXPR) Set to Announce Earnings on Wednesday Quartix Holdings PLC (QTX) Insider Buys £49,875 in Stock Insider Selling: Taylor Wimpey plc (TW) Insider Sells £384,357.75 in Stock Simon Litherland Buys 22 Shares of Britvic Plc (BVIC) Stock Vetr Inc. Upgrades Check Point Software Technologies Ltd. (CHKP) to “Strong-Buy” Express Scripts Holding Company (ESRX) Upgraded to “Strong-Buy” by Vetr Inc. Tableau Software Inc (DATA) Upgraded to “Strong-Buy” at Vetr Inc. Macy's Inc (M) Stock Rating Upgraded by Vetr Inc. Continental AG (CTTAY) Cut to Hold at Zacks Investment Research Keith A. Sultana Sells 1,046 Shares of Ingersoll-Rand PLC (IR) Stock Goldcorp Inc. (G) Director Sells C$33,415.80 in Stock Orange SA (ORA) Given a €15.00 Price Target at BNP Paribas March 6th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Stacy Sanders Filed Under: Analyst Articles - Europe - Finance Tweet BNP Paribas set a €15.00 ($15.96) target price on Orange SA (EPA:ORA) in a report released on Friday morning. The brokerage currently has a neutral rating on the stock. A number of other research firms also recently issued reports on ORA. HSBC Holdings plc set a €17.00 ($18.09) price objective on Orange SA and gave the stock a buy rating in a research note on Monday, January 16th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. reaffirmed a buy rating on shares of Orange SA in a research note on Friday, January 6th. Morgan Stanley set a €20.50 ($21.81) price objective on Orange SA and gave the stock a buy rating in a research note on Tuesday, February 21st. S&P Global set a €17.00 ($18.09) price objective on Orange SA and gave the stock a buy rating in a research note on Thursday, February 23rd. Finally, Goldman Sachs Group Inc set a €20.50 ($21.81) price objective on Orange SA and gave the stock a buy rating in a research note on Tuesday, February 21st. Four investment analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and twelve have given a buy rating to the company’s stock. The stock presently has an average rating of Buy and an average target price of €17.28 ($18.38). Orange SA (EPA:ORA) traded up 0.17% during mid-day trading on Friday, hitting €14.40. The stock had a trading volume of 5,277,870 shares. The stock’s 50-day moving average price is €14.54 and its 200-day moving average price is €14.02. Orange SA has a 12 month low of €12.38 and a 12 month high of €16.63. The stock has a market cap of €38.30 billion and a price-to-earnings ratio of 13.89. “Orange SA (ORA) Given a €15.00 Price Target at BNP Paribas” was first posted by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are viewing this story on another domain, it was illegally stolen and republished in violation of United States & international copyright law. The correct version of this story can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/03/06/orange-sa-ora-given-a-15-00-price-target-at-bnp-paribas.html. Orange SA Company Profile Orange SA is a telecommunications operator. The Company also provides telecommunication services to multinational companies, under the brand Orange Business Services. The Company’s segments include France, Spain, Poland, Belgium and Luxembourg, Central European countries, Africa and Middle East, Enterprise, and International Carriers & Shared Services. Receive News & Ratings for Orange SA Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Orange SA and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News New Travel Ban by President Trump Could be Announced Monday Hackers Accessed Private Email of Mike Pence While He Was Governor President Trump’s First Address Optimistic Trump Asking for Steep Increases in Spending for Military President Trump Wants the Largest Nuclear Arsenal © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance EPR Properties - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for EPR Properties with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News John Bean Technologies Corp (JBT) Short Interest Update Bill Barrett Corporation (BBG) Shares Gap Down Following Analyst Downgrade RWE AG (RWE) Given a €16.00 Price Target by Goldman Sachs Group Inc Analysts Schneider Electric SE (SU) Given a €73.00 Price Target by Morgan Stanley Analysts Cheniere Energy Partners LP (CQP) Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research to “Buy” Barclays PLC Analysts Give Infineon Technologies AG (IFXA) a €15.75 Price Target Volkswagen AG (VOW3) Given a €167.00 Price Target by Kepler Capital Markets Analysts KeyCorp Equities Analysts Cut Earnings Estimates for Wingstop Inc. (WING) Express, Inc. (EXPR) Set to Announce Earnings on Wednesday Quartix Holdings PLC (QTX) Insider Buys £49,875 in Stock Insider Selling: Taylor Wimpey plc (TW) Insider Sells £384,357.75 in Stock Simon Litherland Buys 22 Shares of Britvic Plc (BVIC) Stock Vetr Inc. Upgrades Check Point Software Technologies Ltd. (CHKP) to “Strong-Buy” Express Scripts Holding Company (ESRX) Upgraded to “Strong-Buy” by Vetr Inc. Tableau Software Inc (DATA) Upgraded to “Strong-Buy” at Vetr Inc. Macy's Inc (M) Stock Rating Upgraded by Vetr Inc. Continental AG (CTTAY) Cut to Hold at Zacks Investment Research Keith A. Sultana Sells 1,046 Shares of Ingersoll-Rand PLC (IR) Stock Goldcorp Inc. (G) Director Sells C$33,415.80 in Stock Loop Capital Reiterates “Buy” Rating for Micron Technology, Inc. (MU) EPR Properties (EPR) Price Target Raised to $80.00 March 6th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Tyrone Williams Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Finance Tweet EPR Properties (NYSE:EPR) had its target price hoisted by Stifel Nicolaus to $80.00 in a research note issued to investors on Wednesday. EPR has been the subject of several other research reports. Zacks Investment Research downgraded shares of EPR Properties from a buy rating to a hold rating in a report on Friday, January 13th. FBR & Co set a $80.00 price target on shares of EPR Properties and gave the company a hold rating in a report on Thursday, December 8th. Finally, JPMorgan Chase & Co. downgraded shares of EPR Properties from an overweight rating to a neutral rating and set a $78.00 price target for the company. in a report on Friday, December 16th. Four research analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and four have given a buy rating to the company. The stock presently has an average rating of Buy and an average target price of $83.00. EPR Properties (NYSE:EPR) traded down 1.11% during trading on Wednesday, reaching $74.71. 118,452 shares of the company’s stock traded hands. EPR Properties has a 12 month low of $61.08 and a 12 month high of $84.67. The company has a 50-day moving average of $74.77 and a 200 day moving average of $73.99. The stock has a market capitalization of $4.79 billion, a P/E ratio of 23.57 and a beta of 0.69. EPR Properties (NYSE:EPR) last announced its quarterly earnings results on Tuesday, February 28th. The company reported $1.26 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, beating the consensus estimate of $0.78 by $0.48. EPR Properties had a net margin of 46.29% and a return on equity of 10.16%. The company earned $130.80 million during the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $125.09 million. During the same quarter in the previous year, the company posted $1.18 earnings per share. The company’s revenue for the quarter was up 16.8% compared to the same quarter last year. On average, equities research analysts expect that EPR Properties will post $3.26 earnings per share for the current fiscal year. “EPR Properties (EPR) Price Target Raised to $80.00” was originally published by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are accessing this piece on another publication, it was illegally copied and republished in violation of United States & international copyright law. The correct version of this piece can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/03/06/epr-properties-epr-price-target-raised-to-80-00.html. The business also recently disclosed a mar 17 dividend, which will be paid on Wednesday, March 15th. Investors of record on Tuesday, February 28th will be issued a $0.34 dividend. This represents a yield of 5.44%. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Friday, February 24th. EPR Properties’s payout ratio is currently 130.35%. In related news, CFO Mark Alan Peterson sold 13,645 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction dated Tuesday, January 17th. The shares were sold at an average price of $74.61, for a total value of $1,018,053.45. The transaction was disclosed in a filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is accessible through this hyperlink. Also, CEO Gregory K. Silvers sold 20,000 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction dated Monday, January 9th. The stock was sold at an average price of $72.16, for a total transaction of $1,443,200.00. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Insiders sold 39,467 shares of company stock valued at $2,881,810 in the last ninety days. Corporate insiders own 1.70% of the company’s stock. A number of large investors have recently bought and sold shares of EPR. Pacad Investment Ltd. bought a new stake in EPR Properties during the fourth quarter valued at $100,000. Ffcm LLC bought a new stake in EPR Properties during the fourth quarter valued at $105,000. Sumitomo Mitsui Asset Management Company LTD bought a new stake in EPR Properties during the third quarter valued at $205,000. Quadrature Capital Ltd bought a new stake in EPR Properties during the third quarter valued at $213,000. Finally, Bank of Hawaii bought a new stake in EPR Properties during the third quarter valued at $240,000. 95.55% of the stock is owned by institutional investors and hedge funds. EPR Properties Company Profile EPR Properties (EPR) is a self-administered real estate investment trust (REIT). The Company’s investment portfolio includes entertainment, education and recreation properties. The Company operates in four segments: Entertainment, Education, Recreation and Other. The Company’s Entertainment segment consists of investments in megaplex theatres, entertainment retail centers, family entertainment centers and other retail parcels. Receive News & Ratings for EPR Properties Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for EPR Properties and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News New Travel Ban by President Trump Could be Announced Monday Hackers Accessed Private Email of Mike Pence While He Was Governor President Trump’s First Address Optimistic Trump Asking for Steep Increases in Spending for Military President Trump Wants the Largest Nuclear Arsenal © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance BP plc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for BP plc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Continental AG (CTTAY) Cut to Hold at Zacks Investment Research Keith A. Sultana Sells 1,046 Shares of Ingersoll-Rand PLC (IR) Stock Goldcorp Inc. (G) Director Sells C$33,415.80 in Stock Loop Capital Reiterates “Buy” Rating for Micron Technology, Inc. (MU) Insider Selling: Trade Desk Inc (TTD) COO Sells 100,000 Shares of Stock Insider Selling: Vitamin Shoppe Inc (VSI) Director Sells 100,000 Shares of Stock Paul A. Jacobson Sells 20,100 Shares of Delta Air Lines, Inc. (DAL) Stock Insider Selling: Electronic Arts Inc. (EA) EVP Sells 10,000 Shares of Stock Beigene Ltd (BGNE) CEO Sells $4,459,149.09 in Stock Sempra Energy (SRE) Director Sells $544,600.00 in Stock Axalta Coating Systems Ltd (AXTA) CFO Sells $518,873.70 in Stock DA Davidson Begins Coverage on WesBanco Inc (WSBC) Research Analysts’ Recent Ratings Updates for Priceline Group (PCLN) Amedisys (AMED) – Investment Analysts’ Weekly Ratings Updates Canadian Pacific Railway Limited (CP) Earns Outperform Rating from Credit Suisse Group AG Insider Buying: Air T, Inc. (AIRT) CEO Purchases 500 Shares of Stock Eyegate Pharmaceuticals Inc (EYEG) Director Morton Goldberg Sells 8,919 Shares Genie Energy Ltd. (GNE) Director James A. Courter Sells 5,000 Shares Insider Selling: Enterprise Products Partners L.P. (EPD) Insider Sells 15,000 Shares of Stock Ascena Retail Group Inc (ASNA) Issues FY17 Earnings Guidance BP plc (BP) Given Overweight Rating at Barclays PLC March 6th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Trevor Kearing Filed Under: Analyst Articles - UK - Finance Tweet Barclays PLC reaffirmed their overweight rating on shares of BP plc (LON:BP) in a research note issued to investors on Friday. Barclays PLC currently has a GBX 625 ($7.64) price objective on the oil and gas exploration company’s stock. Several other brokerages have also recently weighed in on BP. Goldman Sachs Group Inc upped their price target on BP plc from GBX 505 ($6.18) to GBX 515 ($6.30) and gave the company a neutral rating in a research report on Friday, January 6th. Deutsche Bank AG set a GBX 505 ($6.18) price target on BP plc and gave the company a neutral rating in a research report on Friday, January 6th. HSBC Holdings plc upped their price target on BP plc from GBX 540 ($6.60) to GBX 590 ($7.22) and gave the company a buy rating in a research report on Tuesday, January 10th. Kepler Capital Markets set a GBX 520 ($6.36) price target on BP plc and gave the company a neutral rating in a research report on Tuesday, January 10th. Finally, JPMorgan Chase & Co. set a GBX 560 ($6.85) price target on BP plc and gave the company a buy rating in a research report on Friday, January 13th. Twelve investment analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and twelve have given a buy rating to the company’s stock. The company presently has an average rating of Buy and a consensus target price of GBX 509.45 ($6.23). BP plc (LON:BP) traded down 0.27% during midday trading on Friday, reaching GBX 462.80. 21,837,003 shares of the company traded hands. BP plc has a one year low of GBX 249.44 and a one year high of GBX 521.20. The company’s market capitalization is GBX 89.96 billion. The stock’s 50 day moving average is GBX 479.76 and its 200 day moving average is GBX 464.52. “BP plc (BP) Given Overweight Rating at Barclays PLC” was posted by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are viewing this story on another site, it was copied illegally and reposted in violation of US and international trademark & copyright laws. The legal version of this story can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/03/06/bp-plc-bp-given-overweight-rating-at-barclays-plc.html. In related news, insider Nils Smedegaard Andersen purchased 22,145 shares of BP plc stock in a transaction dated Thursday, January 5th. The stock was purchased at an average cost of GBX 514 ($6.29) per share, for a total transaction of £113,825.30 ($139,218.81). Also, insider Brian Gilvary purchased 70 shares of BP plc stock in a transaction dated Friday, February 10th. The shares were bought at an average price of GBX 459 ($5.61) per share, with a total value of £321.30 ($392.98). In the last quarter, insiders acquired 52,340 shares of company stock valued at $24,856,440. About BP plc BP p.l.c. is an integrated oil and gas company. The Company owns an interest in OJSC Oil Company Rosneft (Rosneft), an oil and gas company. The Company’s segments include Upstream, Downstream, Rosneft, and Other businesses and corporate. The Upstream segment is engaged in oil and natural gas exploration, field development and production, as well as midstream transportation, storage and processing. Receive News & Ratings for BP plc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for BP plc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News New Travel Ban by President Trump Could be Announced Monday Hackers Accessed Private Email of Mike Pence While He Was Governor President Trump’s First Address Optimistic Trump Asking for Steep Increases in Spending for Military President Trump Wants the Largest Nuclear Arsenal © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance RSA Insurance Group plc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for RSA Insurance Group plc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News John Bean Technologies Corp (JBT) Short Interest Update Bill Barrett Corporation (BBG) Shares Gap Down Following Analyst Downgrade RWE AG (RWE) Given a €16.00 Price Target by Goldman Sachs Group Inc Analysts Schneider Electric SE (SU) Given a €73.00 Price Target by Morgan Stanley Analysts Cheniere Energy Partners LP (CQP) Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research to “Buy” Barclays PLC Analysts Give Infineon Technologies AG (IFXA) a €15.75 Price Target Volkswagen AG (VOW3) Given a €167.00 Price Target by Kepler Capital Markets Analysts KeyCorp Equities Analysts Cut Earnings Estimates for Wingstop Inc. (WING) Express, Inc. (EXPR) Set to Announce Earnings on Wednesday Quartix Holdings PLC (QTX) Insider Buys £49,875 in Stock Insider Selling: Taylor Wimpey plc (TW) Insider Sells £384,357.75 in Stock Simon Litherland Buys 22 Shares of Britvic Plc (BVIC) Stock Vetr Inc. Upgrades Check Point Software Technologies Ltd. (CHKP) to “Strong-Buy” Express Scripts Holding Company (ESRX) Upgraded to “Strong-Buy” by Vetr Inc. Tableau Software Inc (DATA) Upgraded to “Strong-Buy” at Vetr Inc. Macy's Inc (M) Stock Rating Upgraded by Vetr Inc. Continental AG (CTTAY) Cut to Hold at Zacks Investment Research Keith A. Sultana Sells 1,046 Shares of Ingersoll-Rand PLC (IR) Stock Goldcorp Inc. (G) Director Sells C$33,415.80 in Stock Loop Capital Reiterates “Buy” Rating for Micron Technology, Inc. (MU) RSA Insurance Group plc (RSA) Price Target Increased to GBX 695 by Analysts at HSBC Holdings plc March 6th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Jeff Wilder Filed Under: Analyst Articles - UK - Finance Tweet RSA Insurance Group plc (LON:RSA) had its price objective lifted by HSBC Holdings plc from GBX 630 ($7.71) to GBX 695 ($8.50) in a report released on Friday morning. They currently have a buy rating on the insurance provider’s stock. Other equities research analysts have also recently issued research reports about the stock. Shore Capital reiterated a hold rating on shares of RSA Insurance Group plc in a research note on Thursday, November 3rd. JPMorgan Chase & Co. reiterated a neutral rating and issued a GBX 585 ($7.16) target price on shares of RSA Insurance Group plc in a research note on Monday, February 27th. Macquarie reiterated an underperform rating and issued a GBX 440 ($5.38) target price on shares of RSA Insurance Group plc in a research note on Thursday. Credit Suisse Group AG began coverage on shares of RSA Insurance Group plc in a research note on Thursday, January 26th. They issued an outperform rating and a GBX 680 ($8.32) target price for the company. Finally, Panmure Gordon cut shares of RSA Insurance Group plc to a hold rating and set a GBX 575 ($7.03) target price for the company. in a research note on Thursday, November 3rd. Three analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, six have issued a hold rating and seven have issued a buy rating to the company’s stock. RSA Insurance Group plc has an average rating of Hold and an average price target of GBX 566.29 ($6.93). Shares of RSA Insurance Group plc (LON:RSA) traded down 0.50% during trading on Friday, hitting GBX 594.00. The stock had a trading volume of 3,934,302 shares. RSA Insurance Group plc has a one year low of GBX 425.60 and a one year high of GBX 617.50. The stock’s market cap is GBX 5.98 billion. The stock’s 50-day moving average price is GBX 580.15 and its 200 day moving average price is GBX 549.75. This news story was originally published by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are viewing this news story on another publication, it was illegally copied and republished in violation of US & international copyright laws. The correct version of this news story can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/03/06/rsa-insurance-group-plc-rsa-price-target-increased-to-gbx-695-by-analysts-at-hsbc-holdings-plc.html. The firm also recently declared a dividend, which will be paid on Friday, May 12th. Investors of record on Thursday, March 2nd will be given a GBX 11 ($0.13) dividend. This represents a yield of 1.82%. The ex-dividend date is Thursday, March 2nd. This is a positive change from RSA Insurance Group plc’s previous dividend of $5.00. About RSA Insurance Group plc RSA Insurance Group plc is an international general insurer. The Company provides personal, commercial and specialty insurance products and services direct-to-customers, through brokers and affinity partners, principally in the United Kingdom and Ireland, Scandinavia and Canada. It operates through segments, including Scandinavia, Canada, UK & Ireland, Central Functions and non-core. Receive News & Ratings for RSA Insurance Group plc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for RSA Insurance Group plc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News New Travel Ban by President Trump Could be Announced Monday Hackers Accessed Private Email of Mike Pence While He Was Governor President Trump’s First Address Optimistic Trump Asking for Steep Increases in Spending for Military President Trump Wants the Largest Nuclear Arsenal © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact US Privacy Policy Staff Daily Email Updates Headlines Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Investing Outfront Media Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Outfront Media Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Recent Posts Cloud Peak Energy Inc. (CLD) Coverage Initiated at Jefferies Group LLC Kroger Co (KR) PT Lowered to $34.00 Atlantic Securities Downgrades Snap Inc (SNAP) to Underweight Laureate Education Inc (LAUR) Now Covered by Citigroup Inc Virgin Money Holdings PLC’s (VM) Overweight Rating Reaffirmed at Barclays PLC Liberum Capital Reiterates Buy Rating for Utilitywise PLC (UTW) Unilever plc (ULVR) PT Set at GBX 4,300 by Berenberg Bank VF Corp (VFC) to Issue Quarterly Dividend of $0.42 on March 20th Travis Perkins plc (TPK) Price Target Cut to GBX 1,670 Travis Perkins plc (TPK) Rating Reiterated by JPMorgan Chase & Co. Energy Recovery, Inc. (ERII) Scheduled to Post Quarterly Earnings on Wednesday Evoke Pharma Inc (EVOK) Set to Announce Quarterly Earnings on Wednesday Brokerages Set WellCare Health Plans, Inc. (WCG) Target Price at $131.89 British Land Company PLC (BLND) Rating Reiterated by JPMorgan Chase & Co. Arrow Global Group PLC’s (ARW) Buy Rating Reiterated at Shore Capital Assured Guaranty Ltd. (AGO) Lowered to “Mkt Perform” at Keefe, Bruyette & Woods Paratek Pharmaceuticals Inc (PRTK) Upgraded at Zacks Investment Research Waste Management, Inc. (WM) Downgraded to “Equal Weight” at Barclays PLC Cantor Fitzgerald Reaffirms Buy Rating for Evolent Health Inc (EVH) Canaccord Genuity Reiterates Buy Rating for Amazon.com, Inc. (AMZN) Outfront Media Inc (OUT) Lifted to Buy at Zacks Investment Research Posted by William Strong on Mar 6th, 2017 // No Comments Tweet Zacks Investment Research upgraded shares of Outfront Media Inc (NYSE:OUT) from a hold rating to a buy rating in a research note published on Wednesday. The firm currently has $29.00 target price on the stock. According to Zacks, “Shares of Outfront outperformed the Zacks categorized REIT – Equity Trust – Other industry over the past six months. Also, its estimate for 2017 moved north over the past seven days. The company reported fourth-quarter 2016 adjusted funds from operations (FFO) per share of $0.56, beating the Zacks Consensus Estimate of $0.51. Also, the company announced the implementation of ON Smart Media platform with the Massachusetts Bay Transportation Authority (MBTA). Moreover, the recent hike in dividend is encouraging. The company’s huge geographic diversity, efforts to convert from traditional static billboard displays to digital billboard displays and low-cost out-of-home (OOH) platform augur well. However, cut-throat competition, dependence on the prospects of advertisers and rise in the interest rate remain concerns.” Several other research firms have also weighed in on OUT. TheStreet upgraded Outfront Media from a c rating to a b- rating in a report on Monday, January 30th. Wedbush raised their target price on Outfront Media from $36.00 to $42.00 and gave the company an outperform rating in a report on Thursday, February 23rd. JPMorgan Chase & Co. lowered Outfront Media from an overweight rating to a neutral rating and raised their target price for the company from $26.00 to $28.00 in a report on Thursday, February 23rd. Goldman Sachs Group Inc lowered Outfront Media from a buy rating to a neutral rating and set a $27.00 target price on the stock. in a report on Tuesday, January 17th. Finally, Wells Fargo & Co upgraded Outfront Media from a market perform rating to an outperform rating and raised their target price for the company from $23.00 to $28.00 in a report on Tuesday, November 22nd. Four research analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and three have assigned a buy rating to the company. The stock currently has a consensus rating of Hold and a consensus target price of $29.43. Shares of Outfront Media (NYSE:OUT) traded down 1.19% during mid-day trading on Wednesday, reaching $26.54. The company’s stock had a trading volume of 344,309 shares. Outfront Media has a 12 month low of $20.00 and a 12 month high of $27.89. The stock has a market capitalization of $3.67 billion, a P/E ratio of 40.27 and a beta of 1.28. The company has a 50 day moving average price of $26.82 and a 200 day moving average price of $24.09. Outfront Media (NYSE:OUT) last posted its earnings results on Wednesday, February 22nd. The company reported $0.19 earnings per share for the quarter, meeting the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of $0.19. Outfront Media had a negative return on equity of 0.79% and a negative net margin of 0.63%. The company had revenue of $397.40 million for the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $392.43 million. During the same period last year, the company earned $0.55 earnings per share. The business’s revenue was down .3% compared to the same quarter last year. On average, equities research analysts anticipate that Outfront Media will post $0.81 earnings per share for the current fiscal year. “Outfront Media Inc (OUT) Lifted to Buy at Zacks Investment Research” was originally posted by Web Breaking News and is owned by of Web Breaking News. If you are reading this report on another domain, it was illegally stolen and republished in violation of U.S. & international trademark & copyright law. The correct version of this report can be accessed at http://www.webbreakingnews.com/2017/03/06/outfront-media-inc-out-lifted-to-buy-at-zacks-investment-research.html. The firm also recently declared a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Friday, March 31st. Stockholders of record on Friday, March 10th will be given a $0.36 dividend. This is an increase from Outfront Media’s previous quarterly dividend of $0.34. This represents a $1.44 annualized dividend and a dividend yield of 5.36%. The ex-dividend date is Wednesday, March 8th. Outfront Media’s dividend payout ratio (DPR) is currently -1,942.58%. Large investors have recently modified their holdings of the stock. Prudential Financial Inc. acquired a new stake in shares of Outfront Media during the third quarter valued at about $1,360,000. UBS Asset Management Americas Inc. increased its stake in shares of Outfront Media by 4.5% in the third quarter. UBS Asset Management Americas Inc. now owns 144,086 shares of the company’s stock valued at $3,408,000 after buying an additional 6,260 shares in the last quarter. BlackRock Fund Advisors increased its stake in shares of Outfront Media by 4.1% in the third quarter. BlackRock Fund Advisors now owns 2,161,354 shares of the company’s stock valued at $51,116,000 after buying an additional 84,937 shares in the last quarter. Bank of New York Mellon Corp increased its stake in shares of Outfront Media by 176.9% in the third quarter. Bank of New York Mellon Corp now owns 2,115,196 shares of the company’s stock valued at $50,025,000 after buying an additional 1,351,329 shares in the last quarter. Finally, King Luther Capital Management Corp increased its stake in shares of Outfront Media by 37.4% in the third quarter. King Luther Capital Management Corp now owns 500,715 shares of the company’s stock valued at $11,842,000 after buying an additional 136,210 shares in the last quarter. About Outfront Media OUTFRONT Media Inc, formerly CBS Outdoor Americas Inc, is a provider of advertising space on out-of-home advertising structures and sites across the United States, Canada and Latin America. The Company’s inventory consists of billboard displays and transit advertising displays. It operates through two segments. Get a free copy of the Zacks research report on Outfront Media (OUT) For more information about research offerings from Zacks Investment Research, visit Zacks.com Receive News & Ratings for Outfront Media Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Outfront Media Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter. « Previous Union Pacific Co. (UNP) Receives Average Recommendation of “Hold” from Analysts Next » SEI Investments Company (SEIC) Downgraded by Zacks Investment Research Latest News Nike Suspends Relationship with Maria Sharapova Rob Bironas Ex-Titans Kicker Dies in Car Crash Ron Washington Leaves Texas Rangers Due to an Affair Jonathan Dwyer Falls in Line with Other Banned NFL Players Tony Stewart Case Going to the Grand Jury Oscar Pistorius “Blade Runner” Found Not Guilty of Murder Leave a Reply Click here to cancel reply. Name (Required) Mail (will not be published) (Required) Website   Home Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Headlines Investing © 2006-2017 Web Breaking News.
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Endo International PLC - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Endo International PLC with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Eyegate Pharmaceuticals Inc (EYEG) Director Morton Goldberg Sells 8,919 Shares Genie Energy Ltd. (GNE) Director James A. Courter Sells 5,000 Shares Insider Selling: Enterprise Products Partners L.P. (EPD) Insider Sells 15,000 Shares of Stock Ascena Retail Group Inc (ASNA) Issues FY17 Earnings Guidance Goldman Sachs Group Inc Reaffirms Neutral Rating for General Motors Company (GM) Korn/Ferry International (KFY) Posts Earnings Results Marvell Technology Group Ltd. (MRVL) Price Target Increased to $17.00 by Analysts at Benchmark Co. Immersion Co. (IMMR) Lowered to “Hold” at Craig Hallum Autodesk, Inc. (ADSK) Price Target Raised to $99.00 at Griffin Securities Marcus Corp (MCS) – Analysts’ Weekly Ratings Changes Saga Communications, Inc. to Issue Quarterly Dividend of $0.30 (SGA) Alphabet Inc (GOOGL) Given “Outperform” Rating at BMO Capital Markets Endeavour Silver Corp (EXK) Downgraded by Zacks Investment Research to “Strong Sell” Moody’s Corporation (MCO) Upgraded to Buy by Zacks Investment Research Caterpillar’s (CAT) “Hold” Rating Reaffirmed at Jefferies Group LLC ACI Worldwide Inc (ACIW) Lowered to “Market Perform” at Avondale Partners Edge Therapeutics Inc (EDGE) Now Covered by Analysts at Leerink Swann Burlington Stores Inc (BURL) Price Target Raised to $97.00 at Royal Bank of Canada La Jolla Pharmaceutical Company (LJPC) Stake Held by Tang Capital Partners LP Best Buy Co’s (BBY) “Buy” Rating Reaffirmed at Credit Suisse Group AG Endo International PLC (ENDP) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Mizuho March 6th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Stacy Sanders Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Finance Tweet Mizuho reaffirmed their buy rating on shares of Endo International PLC (NASDAQ:ENDP) in a report released on Tuesday morning. Mizuho currently has a $17.00 target price on the stock, up from their prior target price of $15.00. “We note that our prior estimates of $3.6B and ~$1.53B in EBITDA fall within the upper end of the guidance range. Some unexpected negatives in the guidance include higher tax rate, higher interest expense, and higher OpEx, offset by better than expected gross margins. On a positive note, the company also divested its Litha Healthcare business in South Africa for $100M. Endo previously acquired this unit for $130M from Aspen in 2015 but then divested a portion of these assets later. We think that there could be upside to the bottom line of 2017 guidance if Endo divests Xiaflex, a biologic that grew 20% in 2016, which is also tied to significant commercial and research expenditures.”,” the firm’s analyst commented. ENDP has been the topic of a number of other reports. Guggenheim reiterated a buy rating and issued a $35.00 price target on shares of Endo International PLC in a research report on Tuesday, February 28th. JMP Securities reiterated a buy rating on shares of Endo International PLC in a research report on Friday, November 18th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. downgraded shares of Endo International PLC from an overweight rating to a neutral rating and set a $20.00 price target on the stock. in a research report on Friday, January 20th. Citigroup Inc downgraded shares of Endo International PLC from a buy rating to a neutral rating and dropped their target price for the stock from $25.00 to $20.00 in a report on Thursday, January 5th. Finally, Oppenheimer Holdings, Inc. restated a market perform rating on shares of Endo International PLC in a report on Wednesday, December 7th. One equities research analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, thirteen have issued a hold rating, nine have assigned a buy rating and one has issued a strong buy rating to the company’s stock. Endo International PLC presently has an average rating of Hold and an average price target of $24.85. Shares of Endo International PLC (NASDAQ:ENDP) traded down 4.82% during midday trading on Tuesday, hitting $11.66. The stock had a trading volume of 4,139,977 shares. The company’s market cap is $2.60 billion. The company’s 50 day moving average is $12.61 and its 200 day moving average is $17.16. Endo International PLC has a 52-week low of $11.37 and a 52-week high of $45.00. Endo International PLC (NASDAQ:ENDP) last announced its quarterly earnings results on Tuesday, February 28th. The company reported $1.77 earnings per share for the quarter, beating analysts’ consensus estimates of $1.63 by $0.14. The business had revenue of $1.24 billion for the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $1.17 billion. Endo International PLC had a negative net margin of 3.32% and a positive return on equity of 15.95%. Endo International PLC’s revenue for the quarter was up 15.6% on a year-over-year basis. During the same period last year, the company posted $1.36 EPS. On average, analysts anticipate that Endo International PLC will post $3.82 earnings per share for the current year. “Endo International PLC (ENDP) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Mizuho” was published by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are accessing this story on another publication, it was stolen and reposted in violation of US & international copyright & trademark laws. The original version of this story can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/03/06/endo-international-plc-endp-stock-rating-reaffirmed-by-mizuho.html. Several institutional investors have recently added to or reduced their stakes in the stock. Systematic Financial Management LP purchased a new position in Endo International PLC during the fourth quarter valued at $43,256,000. Norges Bank purchased a new position in Endo International PLC during the fourth quarter valued at $26,929,000. State Street Corp boosted its position in Endo International PLC by 5.3% in the fourth quarter. State Street Corp now owns 9,642,033 shares of the company’s stock valued at $158,792,000 after buying an additional 483,271 shares in the last quarter. Schneider Capital Management Corp purchased a new position in Endo International PLC during the second quarter valued at $6,941,000. Finally, Russell Investments Group Ltd. purchased a new position in Endo International PLC during the fourth quarter valued at $3,711,000. 95.50% of the stock is owned by institutional investors and hedge funds. About Endo International PLC Endo International PLC, formerly Endo Health Solutions Inc is a specialty healthcare solutions company focused on branded and generic pharmaceuticals, devices and services. The Company has a portfolio of branded pharmaceuticals that includes brands, such as Lidoderm, Opana ER, Voltaren Gel, Percocet, Frova, Supprelin LA, Vantas, Valstar and Fortesta Gel. Receive News & Ratings for Endo International PLC Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Endo International PLC and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News New Travel Ban by President Trump Could be Announced Monday Hackers Accessed Private Email of Mike Pence While He Was Governor President Trump’s First Address Optimistic Trump Asking for Steep Increases in Spending for Military President Trump Wants the Largest Nuclear Arsenal © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact US Privacy Policy Staff Daily Email Updates Headlines Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Investing Insulet Co. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Insulet Co. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Recent Posts Transcontinental Realty Investors Inc (TCI) Given Consensus Recommendation of “Hold” by Brokerages Cloud Peak Energy Inc. (CLD) Coverage Initiated at Jefferies Group LLC Kroger Co (KR) PT Lowered to $34.00 Atlantic Securities Downgrades Snap Inc (SNAP) to Underweight Laureate Education Inc (LAUR) Now Covered by Citigroup Inc Virgin Money Holdings PLC’s (VM) Overweight Rating Reaffirmed at Barclays PLC Liberum Capital Reiterates Buy Rating for Utilitywise PLC (UTW) Unilever plc (ULVR) PT Set at GBX 4,300 by Berenberg Bank VF Corp (VFC) to Issue Quarterly Dividend of $0.42 on March 20th Travis Perkins plc (TPK) Price Target Cut to GBX 1,670 Travis Perkins plc (TPK) Rating Reiterated by JPMorgan Chase & Co. Energy Recovery, Inc. (ERII) Scheduled to Post Quarterly Earnings on Wednesday Evoke Pharma Inc (EVOK) Set to Announce Quarterly Earnings on Wednesday Brokerages Set WellCare Health Plans, Inc. (WCG) Target Price at $131.89 British Land Company PLC (BLND) Rating Reiterated by JPMorgan Chase & Co. Arrow Global Group PLC’s (ARW) Buy Rating Reiterated at Shore Capital Assured Guaranty Ltd. (AGO) Lowered to “Mkt Perform” at Keefe, Bruyette & Woods Paratek Pharmaceuticals Inc (PRTK) Upgraded at Zacks Investment Research Waste Management, Inc. (WM) Downgraded to “Equal Weight” at Barclays PLC Cantor Fitzgerald Reaffirms Buy Rating for Evolent Health Inc (EVH) Insulet Co. (PODD) Given a $46.00 Price Target at Oppenheimer Holdings, Inc. Posted by Abby Graham on Mar 6th, 2017 // No Comments Tweet Oppenheimer Holdings, Inc. set a $46.00 price target on Insulet Co. (NASDAQ:PODD) in a research report sent to investors on Tuesday. The firm currently has a hold rating on the stock. A number of other research analysts also recently weighed in on PODD. B. Riley reaffirmed a neutral rating and set a $40.00 price target on shares of Insulet in a research note on Wednesday, November 9th. Canaccord Genuity set a $39.00 price target on Insulet and gave the stock a hold rating in a research note on Sunday, November 6th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. reaffirmed a hold rating and set a $38.00 price target on shares of Insulet in a research note on Friday, November 4th. Wedbush upped their price target on Insulet from $48.00 to $50.00 and gave the stock an outperform rating in a research note on Tuesday, February 28th. Finally, Zacks Investment Research downgraded Insulet from a strong-buy rating to a hold rating in a research note on Wednesday, November 9th. Eight investment analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and six have issued a buy rating to the company’s stock. The stock presently has an average rating of Hold and a consensus target price of $45.73. Shares of Insulet (NASDAQ:PODD) traded down 5.70% on Tuesday, hitting $43.66. The stock had a trading volume of 259,361 shares. The company’s market capitalization is $2.52 billion. The company has a 50-day moving average of $43.39 and a 200 day moving average of $40.18. Insulet has a 52 week low of $26.50 and a 52 week high of $48.23. Insulet (NASDAQ:PODD) last posted its quarterly earnings results on Monday, February 27th. The company reported ($0.16) earnings per share for the quarter, missing analysts’ consensus estimates of ($0.05) by $0.11. Insulet had a negative return on equity of 87.46% and a negative net margin of 12.95%. The firm had revenue of $103.58 million for the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $100.61 million. During the same period last year, the company posted ($0.48) earnings per share. The firm’s quarterly revenue was up 23.6% compared to the same quarter last year. On average, equities research analysts predict that Insulet will post ($0.39) EPS for the current year. This report was first posted by Web Breaking News and is owned by of Web Breaking News. If you are reading this report on another publication, it was illegally copied and republished in violation of United States and international copyright laws. The legal version of this report can be read at http://www.webbreakingnews.com/2017/03/06/insulet-co-podd-given-a-46-00-price-target-at-oppenheimer-holdings-inc.html. In other Insulet news, SVP Charles Alpuche bought 6,600 shares of Insulet stock in a transaction dated Friday, December 9th. The stock was bought at an average cost of $37.70 per share, with a total value of $248,820.00. The transaction was disclosed in a filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which can be accessed through this link. Also, Director Joseph S. Zakrzewski sold 40,000 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Thursday, March 2nd. The shares were sold at an average price of $46.86, for a total value of $1,874,400.00. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Corporate insiders own 1.90% of the company’s stock. Several institutional investors have recently added to or reduced their stakes in PODD. FMR LLC raised its position in Insulet by 0.3% in the fourth quarter. FMR LLC now owns 8,613,906 shares of the company’s stock valued at $324,572,000 after buying an additional 23,731 shares in the last quarter. Capital Research Global Investors raised its position in Insulet by 0.7% in the third quarter. Capital Research Global Investors now owns 5,175,033 shares of the company’s stock valued at $211,866,000 after buying an additional 37,000 shares in the last quarter. BlackRock Fund Advisors raised its position in Insulet by 2.7% in the third quarter. BlackRock Fund Advisors now owns 1,693,722 shares of the company’s stock valued at $69,341,000 after buying an additional 43,781 shares in the last quarter. BlackRock Institutional Trust Company N.A. raised its position in Insulet by 0.5% in the third quarter. BlackRock Institutional Trust Company N.A. now owns 1,442,112 shares of the company’s stock valued at $59,040,000 after buying an additional 7,059 shares in the last quarter. Finally, D. E. Shaw & Co. Inc. raised its position in Insulet by 53.7% in the third quarter. D. E. Shaw & Co. Inc. now owns 1,078,215 shares of the company’s stock valued at $44,142,000 after buying an additional 376,531 shares in the last quarter. About Insulet Insulet Corporation is engaged in the development, manufacturing and sale of the OmniPod Insulin Management System (the OmniPod System), an insulin delivery system for people with insulin-dependent diabetes. The OmniPod System consists of the OmniPod, a small, self-adhesive disposable tubeless OmniPod device, which is worn on the body for approximately three days at a time and its wireless handheld Personal Diabetes Manager (PDM). Receive News & Ratings for Insulet Co. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Insulet Co. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter. « Previous Guidance Software, Inc. (GUID) Major Shareholder Rgm Capital, Llc Sells 153,836 Shares of Stock Next » Prothena Co. PLC (PRTA) Earns Buy Rating from Analysts at Instinet Latest News Nike Suspends Relationship with Maria Sharapova Rob Bironas Ex-Titans Kicker Dies in Car Crash Ron Washington Leaves Texas Rangers Due to an Affair Jonathan Dwyer Falls in Line with Other Banned NFL Players Tony Stewart Case Going to the Grand Jury Oscar Pistorius “Blade Runner” Found Not Guilty of Murder Leave a Reply Click here to cancel reply. Name (Required) Mail (will not be published) (Required) Website   Home Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Headlines Investing © 2006-2017 Web Breaking News.
Home About/Contact US Privacy Policy Staff Daily Email Updates Headlines Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Investing RWE AG - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for RWE AG with our FREE daily email newsletter: Recent Posts Transcontinental Realty Investors Inc (TCI) Given Consensus Recommendation of “Hold” by Brokerages Cloud Peak Energy Inc. (CLD) Coverage Initiated at Jefferies Group LLC Kroger Co (KR) PT Lowered to $34.00 Atlantic Securities Downgrades Snap Inc (SNAP) to Underweight Laureate Education Inc (LAUR) Now Covered by Citigroup Inc Virgin Money Holdings PLC’s (VM) Overweight Rating Reaffirmed at Barclays PLC Liberum Capital Reiterates Buy Rating for Utilitywise PLC (UTW) Unilever plc (ULVR) PT Set at GBX 4,300 by Berenberg Bank VF Corp (VFC) to Issue Quarterly Dividend of $0.42 on March 20th Travis Perkins plc (TPK) Price Target Cut to GBX 1,670 Travis Perkins plc (TPK) Rating Reiterated by JPMorgan Chase & Co. Energy Recovery, Inc. (ERII) Scheduled to Post Quarterly Earnings on Wednesday Evoke Pharma Inc (EVOK) Set to Announce Quarterly Earnings on Wednesday Brokerages Set WellCare Health Plans, Inc. (WCG) Target Price at $131.89 British Land Company PLC (BLND) Rating Reiterated by JPMorgan Chase & Co. Arrow Global Group PLC’s (ARW) Buy Rating Reiterated at Shore Capital Assured Guaranty Ltd. (AGO) Lowered to “Mkt Perform” at Keefe, Bruyette & Woods Paratek Pharmaceuticals Inc (PRTK) Upgraded at Zacks Investment Research Waste Management, Inc. (WM) Downgraded to “Equal Weight” at Barclays PLC Cantor Fitzgerald Reaffirms Buy Rating for Evolent Health Inc (EVH) RWE AG (RWE) Given a €16.00 Price Target at Goldman Sachs Group Inc Posted by Tony Sherman on Mar 6th, 2017 // No Comments Tweet Goldman Sachs Group Inc set a €16.00 ($17.02) price target on RWE AG (FRA:RWE) in a report issued on Friday. The firm currently has a neutral rating on the stock. Other equities analysts have also recently issued research reports about the company. Societe Generale set a €14.80 ($15.74) price target on RWE AG and gave the company a buy rating in a research report on Tuesday, November 29th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. set a €14.00 ($14.89) price target on RWE AG and gave the company a buy rating in a research report on Tuesday, November 15th. Nord/LB set a €16.00 ($17.02) price target on RWE AG and gave the company a buy rating in a research report on Wednesday, November 16th. Berenberg Bank set a €14.00 ($14.89) price target on RWE AG and gave the company a buy rating in a research report on Wednesday, November 16th. Finally, RBC Capital Markets set a €17.50 ($18.62) price target on RWE AG and gave the company a buy rating in a research report on Tuesday, December 6th. Two investment analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, nine have issued a hold rating and thirteen have issued a buy rating to the company’s stock. The company currently has an average rating of Hold and a consensus price target of €14.44 ($15.36). Shares of RWE AG (FRA:RWE) traded up 0.931% during trading on Friday, reaching €14.099. The company’s stock had a trading volume of 11,299 shares. RWE AG has a 52 week low of €10.39 and a 52 week high of €16.45. The company has a 50 day moving average price of €12.65 and a 200 day moving average price of €13.29. The firm’s market capitalization is €8.73 billion. “RWE AG (RWE) Given a €16.00 Price Target at Goldman Sachs Group Inc” was first posted by Web Breaking News and is the property of of Web Breaking News. If you are accessing this article on another domain, it was copied illegally and reposted in violation of United States & international copyright & trademark legislation. The legal version of this article can be viewed at http://www.webbreakingnews.com/2017/03/06/rwe-ag-rwe-given-a-16-00-price-target-at-goldman-sachs-group-inc.html. RWE AG Company Profile RWE AG is a Germany-based electricity and gas company. It diversifies its activities into seven divisions: Germany, which consists of the Power Generation and Sales and Distribution Networks business area; Netherlands/Belgium; Great Britain; The Central Eastern and South Eastern Europe; Renewables; Upstream Gas and Oil, and Trading/Gas Midstream. Receive News & Ratings for RWE AG Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for RWE AG and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter. « Previous Cellectis SA (CLLS) Now Covered by Analysts at Wells Fargo & Co Next » Omeros Co. (OMER) Earns Buy Rating from Maxim Group Latest News Nike Suspends Relationship with Maria Sharapova Rob Bironas Ex-Titans Kicker Dies in Car Crash Ron Washington Leaves Texas Rangers Due to an Affair Jonathan Dwyer Falls in Line with Other Banned NFL Players Tony Stewart Case Going to the Grand Jury Oscar Pistorius “Blade Runner” Found Not Guilty of Murder Leave a Reply Click here to cancel reply. Name (Required) Mail (will not be published) (Required) Website   Home Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Headlines Investing © 2006-2017 Web Breaking News.
Benzinga Benzinga Pro Marketfy Financial Data & APIs Fintech Awards Premarket Prep Membership is Free What are you waiting for? Sign up now! Username: Username available! Username taken! Email: Email available! Email taken! Password: Leave blank: OR Free Account Login Click here to access your premium account Username or email: Password: OR Forgot password?' Looking for ? CLICK HERE Contribute Login Sign up Benzinga - Feed Your Mind. Home Best of Benzinga Careers About Contact Us Partners Benzinga Fintech Awards News Earnings Guidance Dividends M&A Buybacks Legal Interviews Management Retail Sales Offerings IPOs Insider Trades Biotech/FDA Markets Pre-Market After Hours Movers Forex Commodities Options Binary Options Bonds Futures Global Economics Previews Reviews Small-Cap Ratings Analyst Color Downgrades Upgrades Initiations Price Target Ideas Long Ideas Short Ideas Technicals From The Press Jim Cramer Rumors ETFs Tech Start-Ups Fintech Personal Finance Premium Products My Watchlist Market Overview Tickers Articles Keywords Search by keyword...googlecse Short Sellers: What's It Mean For A Stock To Be 'Hard To Borrow'? Wayne Duggan , Benzinga Staff Writer     {{following ? "Following" : "Follow"}} March 06, 2017 1:33pm   Comments Share: Related 15 Biggest Mid-Day Losers For Monday SNAP Back To Reality Snapchat: What You Need To Know (Seeking Alpha) If you were trying to short sell shares of Snap Inc (NYSE: SNAP) right out of the gate following its high-profile IPO, it may have been more difficult than you anticipated. Since 2005, Regulation SHO has required brokers to have a reasonable belief that they will be able to borrow and deliver shares of any equity that their clients short sell. Quiet Periods IPO underwriters are forbidden by rule from lending out shares of the IPO stock within the first 30 days of trading. That means that firms such as Goldman Sachs, Morgan Stanley, Bank of America, JPMorgan Chase, Deutsche Bank, Barclays and Credit Suisse will not be able to lend their shares of Snap for the time being. While a limited number of Snap shares are certainly already available to borrow, the relatively few borrowable shares coupled with the huge demand from short sellers makes Snap shares very difficult to borrow at the moment. Hard-To-Borrow List Brokers use a “hard-to-borrow” list to keep track of which shares are difficult to find. The hard-to-borrow list is typically internal, but many firms make a related easy-to-borrow list available to their clients on a daily basis. Brokers often allow clients limited access to hard-to-borrow shares, provided they enroll in a special program or agree to special terms, but that access comes at a cost. One of the major disadvantages of shorting stocks that appear on a hard-to-borrow list is the extremely high fees associated with the trade. In extreme cases, hard-to-borrow fees can approach 100 percent on an annualized basis. In addition to the fees, there are other concerns when it comes to shorting hard-to-borrow stocks. Fidelity addresses the main concerns on its website. “Not only could it impact the interest rate you have to pay on your ‘loan,’ shorting hard to borrow stocks increases the likelihood that you will be bought in. In the case of a buy in, you’re forced to cover your short if the lender pulls back the shares that your broker is borrowing, which makes those shares unavailable.” In other words, through no fault of your own, your broker can cover your short position in hard-to-borrow stocks at any time at market price. With Snap shares up another 4.2 percent in premarket trading on Monday, it may be very tempting to short the stock at this point. However, until the stock makes its way off the hard-to-borrow lists, there are a number of reasons to think careful about the risk involved in taking a short position. Visit BZTeach for more awesome educational content! Related Link: You Don't Have To Wait Very Long To Short Snap Related Link: Why Short Selling Is A Dangerous Game: Sears Posted-In: Fidelity hard-to-borrow short sellingEducation IPOs Tech Personal Finance General Best of Benzinga © 2017 Benzinga.com. Benzinga does not provide investment advice. All rights reserved.   Related Articles (SNAP) 15 Biggest Mid-Day Losers For Monday SNAP Back To Reality Benzinga's Top Upgrades, Downgrades For March 6, 2017 The Market In 5 Minutes 20 Stocks Moving In Monday's Pre-Market Session Barron's Picks And Pans: Range Resources, Snap, Xerox And More View Comments and Join the Discussion! View the discussion thread. News from idealmedia Trending Recent 1 SNAP, INSY: 20 Stocks Moving In Monday's Pre-Market Session 2 DB, NX: Keep an Eye on These 5 Stocks for March 6, 2017 3 TWTR, FB: Snap Says It May Never Become Profitable; Here's Wh... 4 EXEL, IEP: Icahn's (Potential) Move Into Biotech 5 SHEN, FRP: Earnings Scheduled For March 6, 2017 6 XRX, SNAP: Barron's Picks And Pans:... 7 GLD: Carter Worth And Mike Khou... 1 AKRX: Does Reward Potential Still Outweigh The Risk In Akorn Shares? 2 TTD, SNAP: 15 Biggest Mid-Day Losers For Monday 3 Stock Index Futures Edge Up 4 U.S. Dollar Index Edges Up Ahead of Data 5 GILD, NVS: RBC Hints At Potential M&A For Kite Pharma 6 DXTR, CCIH: 15 Biggest Mid-Day Gainers For Monday 7 CHK, DRYS: TD Ameritrade's Investor Movement... Benzinga is a fast-growing, dynamic and innovative financial media outlet that empowers investors with high-quality, unique content. Popular Channels Analyst Ratings Be Your Own Boss ETFs Economics Forex Hot News Options Press Releases Start-ups Tech Tools & Features Affiliate Program PreMarket Prep Feeds News Widget Real Time Feed Sitemap Submit News Tips About Benzinga About Us Licensing and APIs Apps (iOS and Android) Fintech Awards Blog In the News Careers Contact Us Disclaimer Privacy Policy Syndication Terms and Conditions Benzinga Partners 1 (877) 440-9464 (ZING) © Copyright Benzinga Benzinga - Feed Your Mind News Markets Ratings Ideas Tech Small-Cap Personal Finance Premium Products Does Reward Potential Still Outweigh The Risk In Akorn Shares?
TD Ameritrade Investor Movement Index: IMX Breaks Above 6.0 For First Time, A Historic All-Time High Optimistic investors are net buyers as indices reach new record highs TD Ameritrade February 2017 Investor Movement Index (Graphic: TD Ameritrade). Download Full Size Small Preview Thumbnail ???pagination.previous??? ???pagination.next??? TD Ameritrade February 2017 Investor Movement Index (Graphic: TD Ameritrade). Full Size Small Preview Thumbnail TD Ameritrade's IMX vs. S&P 500 (Graphic: TD Ameritrade). Full Size Small Preview Thumbnail Full Size Small Preview Thumbnail March 06, 2017 12:30 PM Eastern Standard Time OMAHA, Neb.--(BUSINESS WIRE)--TD Ameritrade, Inc. (“TD Ameritrade”), a broker-dealer subsidiary of TD Ameritrade Holding Corporation (Nasdaq:AMTD), is today releasing the Investor Movement Index® reading for February 2017. The Investor Movement Index, or the IMXSM, is a proprietary, behavior-based index created by TD Ameritrade that aggregates Main Street investor positions and activity to measure what investors are actually doing and how they are positioned in the markets. The February 2017 Investor Movement Index for the four weeks ending February 24, 2017, reveals: Reading: 6.15 (compared to 5.71 in January) Trend direction: Positive Trend length: 1 month Score relative to historic ranges: High February’s IMX rose to 6.15, breaking above 6.0 for the first time, and surpassing the previous record high of 5.87 set in March 2014. Equity markets were on the rise during the February IMX period with the Dow Jones Industrial Average posting their 11th record high for the year. TD Ameritrade clients increased their exposure to equity markets by rotating into diversified instruments and buying popular stocks, like Amazon.com, Inc. (AMZN) and Nvidia Corp. (NVDA). “A year ago, retail clients were dialing back their equity exposure and the February 2016 IMX was at 4.44,” said JJ Kinahan, chief market strategist for TD Ameritrade. “Indices are now at an all-time high as retail clients continued to increase their exposure to equity markets. Investor confidence was further fueled by February’s market highs, earnings and other macroeconomic influences.” In February, TD Ameritrade clients continued to be net buyers of banks. JP Morgan Chase & Company (JPM) and Bank of America Corp. (BAC) were both net buys. Nvidia Corp. (NVDA), which saw its share price reach an all-time high early in the period, then large decreases late in the period following downgrades by Wall Street, was a net buy as well. Amazon.com Inc. (AMZN), which reported better-than-expected earnings, was another net buy. Chesapeake Energy Corp. (CHK), which has been under pressure following natural gas prices trending lower, was another net buy. Teva Pharmaceutical (TEVA) and Macy’s, Inc. (M), both of which reported upbeat earnings, were also bought up. Additional popular names bought included Dry Ships Inc. (DRYS) and Ford Motor (F). Apple Inc. (AAPL) was once again net sold during the February IMX period as the company’s market cap topped $700 billion and the stock reached a new all-time high. Alcoa Corp. (AA) and Arconic Inc. (ARNC), which previously comprised former Dow component Alcoa, both trended upward during the period and were net sold. Energy names ConocoPhillips Corp. (COP) and Kinder Morgan Inc. (KMI), which each posted decreases during the period, were net sold. Walt Disney Co. (DIS) and Yahoo! Inc. (YHOO) both saw new 12-month highs and were also sold. Tesla Motors, Inc. (TSLA) was net sold after reaching a new all-time high in the middle of the period. Additional popular names sold include Chipotle Mexican Grill, Inc. (CMG) and Alibaba Group Holding (BABA). About the IMX The IMX value is calculated based on a complex proprietary formula. Each month, TD Ameritrade pulls a sample from its client base of 6 million funded accounts, which includes all accounts that completed a trade in the past month. The holdings and positions of this statistically significant sample are evaluated to calculate individual scores, and the median of those scores represents the monthly IMX. For more information on the Investor Movement Index, including historical IMX data going back to December 2010; to view the full report from February 2017; or to sign up for future IMX news alerts, please visit www.tdameritrade.com/IMX. Additionally, TD Ameritrade clients can chart the IMX using the symbol $IMX in either the thinkorswim® or TD Ameritrade Mobile Trader platforms. Inclusion of specific security names in this commentary does not constitute a recommendation from TD Ameritrade to buy, sell, or hold. Past performance of a security, strategy, or index is no guarantee of future results or investment success. Historical data should not be used alone when making investment decisions. Please consult other sources of information and consider your individual financial position and goals before making an independent investment decision. The IMX is not a tradable index. The IMX should not be used as an indicator or predictor of future client trading volume or financial performance for TD Ameritrade. For the latest TD Ameritrade news and information, follow the company on Twitter, @TDAmeritradePR. Source: TD Ameritrade Holding Corporation About TD Ameritrade Holding Corporation Millions of investors and independent registered investment advisors (RIAs) have turned to TD Ameritrade’s (Nasdaq:AMTD) technology, people and education to help make investing and trading easier to understand and do. Online or over the phone. In a branch or with an independent RIA. First-timer or sophisticated trader. Our clients want to take control, and we help them decide how — bringing Wall Street to Main Street for more than 40 years. TD Ameritrade has time and again been recognized as a leader in investment services. Please visit TD Ameritrade’s newsroom or www.amtd.com for more information. Brokerage services provided by TD Ameritrade, Inc., member FINRA (www.FINRA.org)/SIPC (www.SIPC.org). Contacts For Media: TD Ameritrade Holding Corporation Kim Hillyer, 402-574-6523 Communications & Public Affairs kim.hillyer@tdameritrade.com @TDAmeritradePR or For Investors: TD Ameritrade Holding Corporation Jeff Goeser, 402-597-8464 Investor Relations jeffrey.goeser@tdameritrade.com Contacts For Media: TD Ameritrade Holding Corporation Kim Hillyer, 402-574-6523 Communications & Public Affairs kim.hillyer@tdameritrade.com @TDAmeritradePR or For Investors: TD Ameritrade Holding Corporation Jeff Goeser, 402-597-8464 Investor Relations jeffrey.goeser@tdameritrade.com Site Navigation Home Home Submit a Press Release Services News All News News with Multimedia News by Industry News by Subject News by Language Tradeshows & Events Earnings & Conference Calls Education Overview Distribution & Media Media & Journalist Tools Sample Press Release FAQ Find Your News Online How-to Disclosure Resources About Us Overview Become a Member Contact Us Follow Us Jobs Business Wire Newsroom Business Wire Events Search Advanced News Search Advanced News Search Log In Sign Up Follow Us Twitter LinkedIn Google+ More from Business Wire Blog Apps UK/Ireland Deutschland France Hong Kong Italy Japan EON: Enhanced Online News Tradeshownews.com PYMNTS.com Business Wire Information Contact Us Privacy Statement Terms of Use © 2017 Business Wire, Inc.
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Keane Group Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Keane Group Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Scotiabank Reiterates Outperform Rating for Advantage Oil & Gas Ltd. (AAV) Raymond James Financial, Inc. Raises Canadian Apartment Properties REIT (CAR.UN) Price Target to C$35.00 Bank of Nova Scotia (BNS) PT Raised to C$86.00 at Desjardins Scotiabank Boosts Avigilon Corp (AVO) Price Target to C$16.00 LPL Financial Holdings Inc (lpla) to Issue Quarterly Dividend of $0.25 on March 24th Brokers Issue Forecasts for Babcock & Wilcox Enterprises Inc’s Q1 2017 Earnings (BW) Ideal Power Inc. (IPWR) Insider Buys $19,812.00 in Stock Cameco Corp (CCO) Director James Allan Dobchuk Buys 1,470 Shares Fossil Group Inc (FOSL) PT Lowered to $12.00 TD Securities Reiterates “Buy” Rating for Cascades Inc (CAS) Edge Therapeutics Inc (EDGE) Rating Reiterated by Leerink Swann Beaufort Securities Reaffirms “Speculative Buy” Rating for Amryt Pharma PLC (AMYT) Tritax Big Box REIT PLC (BBOX) Receives “Hold” Rating from Liberum Capital Deutsche Bank AG Boosts G4S plc (GFS) Price Target to GBX 230 Old Line Bancshares, Inc. (MD) (olbk) To Go Ex-Dividend on March 8th Pernix Therapeutics Holdings Inc (PTX) Scheduled to Post Earnings on Wednesday Savanna Energy Services Corp. (SVY) Scheduled to Post Earnings on Wednesday William Blair Analysts Increase Earnings Estimates for 3D Systems Co. (DDD) Carrols Restaurant Group, Inc. (TAST) PT Lowered to $17.00 United Continental Holdings Inc (UAL) Rating Reiterated by Sanford C. Bernstein Keane Group Inc (FRAC) Raised to Buy at Citigroup Inc March 6th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Trevor Kearing Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Finance Tweet Citigroup Inc upgraded shares of Keane Group Inc (NASDAQ:FRAC) from a neutral rating to a buy rating in a research report released on Wednesday. They currently have $22.00 target price on the stock. Several other research analysts have also recently weighed in on FRAC. Piper Jaffray Companies assumed coverage on shares of Keane Group in a report on Tuesday, February 14th. They issued an overweight rating and a $24.50 price target on the stock. JPMorgan Chase & Co. assumed coverage on shares of Keane Group in a report on Tuesday, February 14th. They issued an overweight rating and a $27.00 price target on the stock. Wells Fargo & Co initiated coverage on shares of Keane Group in a report on Tuesday, February 14th. They issued an outperform rating and a $27.00 price target on the stock. They noted that the move was a valuation call. Howard Weil initiated coverage on shares of Keane Group in a report on Tuesday, February 14th. They set a sector perform rating and a $24.00 target price on the stock. Finally, Guggenheim initiated coverage on shares of Keane Group in a report on Tuesday, February 14th. They set a buy rating and a $30.00 target price on the stock. Four research analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and six have issued a buy rating to the company’s stock. The company currently has an average rating of Buy and a consensus price target of $25.25. Keane Group (NASDAQ:FRAC) traded down 2.67% on Wednesday, reaching $16.76. 600,097 shares of the company traded hands. The stock has a 50-day moving average of $20.44 and a 200 day moving average of $20.44. Keane Group has a 52-week low of $16.67 and a 52-week high of $22.93. “Keane Group Inc (FRAC) Raised to Buy at Citigroup Inc” was first posted by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are reading this article on another website, it was stolen and reposted in violation of U.S. and international copyright & trademark laws. The correct version of this article can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/03/06/keane-group-inc-frac-raised-to-buy-at-citigroup-inc.html. In other news, major shareholder Keane Investor Holdings Llc sold 15,074,000 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Wednesday, January 25th. The shares were sold at an average price of $19.00, for a total transaction of $286,406,000.00. Following the transaction, the insider now directly owns 72,239,439 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $1,372,549,341. The sale was disclosed in a legal filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which can be accessed through the SEC website. About Keane Group Keane Group, Inc is provider of integrated well completion services in the United States, with a focus on demanding completion solutions. The Company’s segments include Completion Services, which comprises hydraulic fracturing and wireline divisions, and Other Services, which consists of coiled tubing, cementing and drilling divisions. Receive News & Ratings for Keane Group Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Keane Group Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News New Travel Ban by President Trump Could be Announced Monday Hackers Accessed Private Email of Mike Pence While He Was Governor President Trump’s First Address Optimistic Trump Asking for Steep Increases in Spending for Military President Trump Wants the Largest Nuclear Arsenal © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Cullen/Frost Bankers Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Cullen/Frost Bankers Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Continental AG (CTTAY) Cut to Hold at Zacks Investment Research Keith A. Sultana Sells 1,046 Shares of Ingersoll-Rand PLC (IR) Stock Goldcorp Inc. (G) Director Sells C$33,415.80 in Stock Loop Capital Reiterates “Buy” Rating for Micron Technology, Inc. (MU) Insider Selling: Trade Desk Inc (TTD) COO Sells 100,000 Shares of Stock Insider Selling: Vitamin Shoppe Inc (VSI) Director Sells 100,000 Shares of Stock Paul A. Jacobson Sells 20,100 Shares of Delta Air Lines, Inc. (DAL) Stock Insider Selling: Electronic Arts Inc. (EA) EVP Sells 10,000 Shares of Stock Beigene Ltd (BGNE) CEO Sells $4,459,149.09 in Stock Sempra Energy (SRE) Director Sells $544,600.00 in Stock Axalta Coating Systems Ltd (AXTA) CFO Sells $518,873.70 in Stock DA Davidson Begins Coverage on WesBanco Inc (WSBC) Research Analysts’ Recent Ratings Updates for Priceline Group (PCLN) Amedisys (AMED) – Investment Analysts’ Weekly Ratings Updates Canadian Pacific Railway Limited (CP) Earns Outperform Rating from Credit Suisse Group AG Insider Buying: Air T, Inc. (AIRT) CEO Purchases 500 Shares of Stock Eyegate Pharmaceuticals Inc (EYEG) Director Morton Goldberg Sells 8,919 Shares Genie Energy Ltd. (GNE) Director James A. Courter Sells 5,000 Shares Insider Selling: Enterprise Products Partners L.P. (EPD) Insider Sells 15,000 Shares of Stock Ascena Retail Group Inc (ASNA) Issues FY17 Earnings Guidance Zacks Investment Research Upgrades Cullen/Frost Bankers, Inc. (CFR) to “Buy” March 6th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Jeff Wilder Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Finance Tweet Zacks Investment Research upgraded shares of Cullen/Frost Bankers, Inc. (NYSE:CFR) from a hold rating to a buy rating in a report issued on Tuesday morning. They currently have $105.00 target price on the stock. According to Zacks, “Cullen/Frost's shares have outperformed the Zacks categorized Southwest Banks industry over the last one year. Also, the company’s organic growth remains on track with increasing loans and deposits balances. Though rising costs stemming largely from expanding franchise are likely to deter bottom-line growth, with further rise in interest rates, the company’s non-interest bearing deposits, a major low-cost funding source, will likely improve net interest income and net interest margin. Also, Cullen/Frost’s strong capital position keeps it well poised to continue capital deployment activities.” Other equities research analysts have also recently issued reports about the stock. Maxim Group increased their price objective on shares of Cullen/Frost Bankers from $85.00 to $95.00 and gave the stock a buy rating in a research report on Monday, December 19th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. upgraded shares of Cullen/Frost Bankers from an underweight rating to a neutral rating and increased their price objective for the stock from $67.00 to $95.00 in a research report on Thursday, January 5th. SunTrust Banks, Inc. upgraded shares of Cullen/Frost Bankers from a hold rating to a buy rating in a research report on Monday, December 19th. Wedbush increased their price objective on shares of Cullen/Frost Bankers from $78.00 to $80.00 and gave the stock an underperform rating in a research report on Wednesday, November 30th. Finally, RBC Capital Markets increased their price objective on shares of Cullen/Frost Bankers from $86.00 to $93.00 and gave the stock a sector perform rating in a research report on Thursday, January 26th. One analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, eleven have assigned a hold rating and five have issued a buy rating to the company’s stock. The company currently has an average rating of Hold and a consensus target price of $82.46. Shares of Cullen/Frost Bankers (NYSE:CFR) traded down 1.038% during midday trading on Tuesday, reaching $92.935. 172,807 shares of the company’s stock traded hands. The stock has a market cap of $5.92 billion, a P/E ratio of 19.757 and a beta of 1.20. The stock has a 50 day moving average of $91.03 and a 200-day moving average of $81.08. Cullen/Frost Bankers has a 12 month low of $51.43 and a 12 month high of $96.62. Cullen/Frost Bankers (NYSE:CFR) last posted its quarterly earnings data on Wednesday, January 25th. The company reported $1.28 earnings per share for the quarter, topping the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of $1.22 by $0.06. Cullen/Frost Bankers had a net margin of 26.73% and a return on equity of 10.39%. The company earned $338.40 million during the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $305.52 million. During the same period in the prior year, the company posted $0.90 earnings per share. Cullen/Frost Bankers’s revenue for the quarter was up 9.6% compared to the same quarter last year. On average, equities research analysts forecast that Cullen/Frost Bankers will post $5.05 EPS for the current fiscal year. This story was reported by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are viewing this story on another domain, it was stolen and reposted in violation of U.S. & international trademark and copyright legislation. The original version of this story can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/03/06/zacks-investment-research-upgrades-cullenfrost-bankers-inc-cfr-to-buy.html. The business also recently declared a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Wednesday, March 15th. Shareholders of record on Tuesday, February 28th will be issued a $0.54 dividend. This represents a $2.16 dividend on an annualized basis and a yield of 2.33%. The ex-dividend date is Friday, February 24th. Cullen/Frost Bankers’s payout ratio is 45.96%. In other Cullen/Frost Bankers news, insider Annette M. Alonzo sold 6,000 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction on Friday, January 27th. The shares were sold at an average price of $92.03, for a total value of $552,180.00. Following the transaction, the insider now directly owns 2,676 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $246,272.28. The transaction was disclosed in a legal filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which can be accessed through this link. Also, Chairman Phillip D. Green sold 20,000 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction on Thursday, January 26th. The shares were sold at an average price of $93.56, for a total transaction of $1,871,200.00. Following the completion of the transaction, the chairman now directly owns 47,367 shares in the company, valued at $4,431,656.52. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Insiders sold 71,940 shares of company stock worth $6,545,989 over the last ninety days. Insiders own 8.03% of the company’s stock. Several hedge funds and other institutional investors have recently added to or reduced their stakes in CFR. The Manufacturers Life Insurance Company acquired a new position in Cullen/Frost Bankers during the third quarter worth $45,712,000. Norges Bank acquired a new position in Cullen/Frost Bankers during the fourth quarter worth $40,886,000. Neuberger Berman Group LLC raised its position in Cullen/Frost Bankers by 12.7% in the third quarter. Neuberger Berman Group LLC now owns 2,109,902 shares of the company’s stock worth $151,786,000 after buying an additional 237,871 shares during the period. BlackRock Fund Advisors raised its position in Cullen/Frost Bankers by 9.5% in the third quarter. BlackRock Fund Advisors now owns 2,109,192 shares of the company’s stock worth $151,735,000 after buying an additional 183,239 shares during the period. Finally, Mairs & Power INC acquired a new position in Cullen/Frost Bankers during the third quarter worth $7,640,000. 81.64% of the stock is currently owned by hedge funds and other institutional investors. About Cullen/Frost Bankers Cullen/Frost Bankers, Inc is a financial holding company and a bank holding company. The Company, through its subsidiaries, provides a range of products and services throughout Texas markets. The Company’s segments include Banking, Frost Wealth Advisors and Non-Banks. The Banking segment includes both commercial and consumer banking services, and Frost Insurance Agency. Get a free copy of the Zacks research report on Cullen/Frost Bankers (CFR) For more information about research offerings from Zacks Investment Research, visit Zacks.com Receive News & Ratings for Cullen/Frost Bankers Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Cullen/Frost Bankers Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News New Travel Ban by President Trump Could be Announced Monday Hackers Accessed Private Email of Mike Pence While He Was Governor President Trump’s First Address Optimistic Trump Asking for Steep Increases in Spending for Military President Trump Wants the Largest Nuclear Arsenal © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Close Biz & IT Tech Science Policy Cars Gaming & Culture Forums Navigate Videos Features Reviews Ars Approved RSS Feeds Mobile Site About Ars Staff Directory Contact Us Advertise with Ars Reprints Filter by topic Biz & IT Tech Science Policy Cars Gaming & Culture Forums Settings Front page layout Grid List Unified Wide Site theme Black on white White on black Sign in Comment activity Sign up or login to join the discussions! Stay logged in | Having trouble? Sign up to comment and more Sign up Ars Technica UK 4th-place carrier for sale — Report: Sprint “betting big on Trump,” could merge with T-Mobile or Comcast Sprint owner weighs a few possible mergers, makes case to Trump administration. Jon Brodkin - Mar 6, 2017 5:29 pm UTC Enlarge Mike Mozart reader comments 101 Share this story Speculation that Sprint will merge with T-Mobile USA or another competitor has ramped up since the inauguration of President Donald Trump. That continued Friday when a report from The New York Times suggested that Sprint could combined with either T-Mobile or Comcast, the nation's largest cable company. Masayoshi Son, founder and CEO of Sprint owner SoftBank, "and his financial advisers are weighing several major possible deals for Sprint," the Times wrote. "Be it a tie-up with T-Mobile US, Sprint’s closest competitor, or a more ambitious marriage with the cable colossus Comcast, a transaction would allow Mr. Son to fulfill a long-held ambition to invest aggressively in wireless networks in the United States and enable next-generation mobile technology." Further ReadingHow Sprint’s new boss lost $70 billion of his own cash (and still stayed rich) Titled "The World’s Top Tech Investor Is Betting Big on Trump," the Times report says that "the Trump administration’s push for lighter regulation and lower taxes has been a powerful lure for cash-rich investors the world over." SoftBank, which is based in Japan, had several of its executives "spen[d] a day in Washington talking to senior members of Mr. Trump’s economic team" last month, according to bankers who were briefed on the meetings, the Times report said. US regulators opposed wireless consolidation during the Obama administration, preventing potential mergers between AT&T and T-Mobile and later between Sprint and T-Mobile. With four major nationwide carriers, US wireless competition recently led to an expansion of unlimited data plans. “The Federal Communications Commission looks very smart for blocking the AT&T/T-Mobile deal,” telecom analyst Philip Cusick of JPMorgan Chase told The New York Times. “Five years ago, Sprint and T-Mobile were irrelevant. Now we are seeing them drive down prices. Why would you want to change that?” Trump and Son have been friendly since the election, with Trump taking credit for SoftBank's planned investments in the US. T-Mobile USA CEO John Legere was asked about the potential for wireless industry consolidation in an earnings call last month. Legere said there are no ongoing merger talks because "we're in an anti-collusion period during the low-band spectrum auction," but said that T-Mobile will have numerous options after that quiet period ends. "I couldn't be more excited about the period that's going to come up when this auction is over, while we continue to do what we just announced and then engage in understanding what the future of this industry is going to be, which is fascinating," Legere said, according to a Seeking Alpha transcript. Sprint has struggled while T-Mobile solidifies its position as the third-place US carrier after Verizon and AT&T. SoftBank is willing to give up control of Sprint to T-Mobile owner Deutsche Telekom AG in order to finish a merger deal, Reuters reported last month. That's a turnabout from 2014, when SoftBank wanted to buy T-Mobile and retain control. Comcast has mobile plans, with or without Sprint A Sprint merger with Comcast wouldn't reduce the number of major wireless carriers, but it would expand the power of the country's biggest home Internet service provider. When Comcast's attempt to buy Time Warner Cable was blocked in 2015, US regulators explained that giving Comcast more Internet subscribers would pose a threat to online video streaming services that compete against Comcast's TV business. Buying Sprint would quickly give Comcast a major presence in the mobile Internet market, but Comcast has at least one other compelling option. Comcast is planning to offer mobile phone service this year through a reseller agreement with Verizon Wireless. By reselling Verizon data, Comcast can offer mobile Internet service without buying a wireless carrier and without building its own cell towers. We've asked SoftBank and Comcast for comment on the New York Times report today but haven't heard back yet. Jon Brodkin Jon is Ars Technica's senior IT reporter, covering the FCC and broadband, telecommunications, wireless technology, and more. Email jon.brodkin@arstechnica.com // Twitter @JBrodkin reader comments 101 Share this story You must login or create an account to comment. ← Previous story Next story → Related Stories Sponsored Stories Powered by Today on Ars RSS Feeds View Mobile Site Visit Ars Technica UK About Us Contact Us Staff Advertise with us Reprints WIRED Media Group Use of this Site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement (effective 1/2/14) and Privacy Policy (effective 1/2/14), and Ars Technica Addendum (effective 5/17/2012). Your California Privacy Rights. The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Condé Nast.
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad European shares weighed down by Deutsche Bank but M&A gives support By Reuters Published: 12:15 EST, 6 March 2017 | Updated: 12:15 EST, 6 March 2017 e-mail By Kit Rees and Danilo Masoni LONDON, March 6 (Reuters) - European shares pulled back on Monday with banking stocks led lower by a slump in Deutsche Bank shares after the German heavyweight lender unveiled an 8 billion-euro cash call as part of a major reorganisation. Losses, however, were limited by fresh deal-making activity in the auto and asset management sectors, which helped the STOXX 600 fall just 0.5 percent and stay just over half a percentage point below a 15-month peak hit last week. Deutsche Bank dropped nearly 8 percent, making the stock the biggest drag on the pan-European index and pulling the European banking index down 1.2 percent. Peers Credit Suisse and Italy's Banco BPM also fell more than 4 percent. Deutsche Bank, which also announced an overhaul of its business structure and plans to list its asset management arm to help raise extra cash, will start the rights issue in two weeks. JPMorgan hailed the new strategic direction taken by the bank as steps "in the right direction", but kept its neutral rating on the stock, saying more details on the financial impact of the planned measures were needed. PSA Group rose 2.7 percent after the French carmaker agreed to buy Opel from General Motors in a 2.2 billion-euro deal that is expected to generate cost savings of 1.7 billion euros. The deal will create a regional giant to challenge market leader Volkswagen, which fell 0.8 percent. Merger activity also buoyed asset managers after Aberdeen and Standard Life set terms of their planned 11 billion pound all-share tie-up that could pressure rivals to follow suit as industry margins sag. Aberdeen and Standard Life rose 4.2 and 5.7 percent respectively. "We see a strong industrial logic for the merger in terms of scale, capabilities and cost savings," said Ben Cohen, analyst at Canaccord Genuity. "There must also be a reasonable likelihood of a counter-bid, for one or both of the parties, given accelerating consolidation in the industry". Europe's Basic Resources index was a weak spot, down 2.2 percent, with big miners such as Glencore, Anglo American and Antofagasta all falling more than 2 percent, tracking a decline in metal prices. Among outstanding movers was Ultra Electronics, which rose 4.8 percent to a record high after the British defence contractor reported its biggest sales growth in six years. (Reporting by Kit Rees and Danilo Masoni; Editing by Alison Williams) Share or comment on this article e-mail Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS Happy birthday partner! Ryan Gosling joins Eva Mendes as she celebrates turning 43 with family in Los Angeles His leading lady Corrie's Tina O'Brien admits she's putting off planning her wedding to fiancé Adam Crofts... and says her daughter wants her to wear a 'meringue dress' Anything for her princess! Pregnant Beyonce dresses five-year-old Blue Ivy in £21K silk-chiffon Gucci dress for Beauty And The Beast premiere BBC viewers are left RAGING as it's revealed the winners of Gary Barlow's Let It Shine will only be backing singers and NOT feature as a Take That-style band 'I forgive you for not always being there': Lily Collins pens an open letter to her music legend father forgiving him for 'not being the dad I expected' TV presenter Cherry Healey talks about lunch on the go, her three-year-old son's love of healthy eating as she tries M&S' new sushi  SPONSORED Flop Gear: Two million viewers abandon BBC's tribute act to Clarkson and Co - CHRISTOPHER STEVENS reviews last night's TV 'I'm maternal': Kate Moss discusses her model protégés as she stages her first talent agency photoshoot for VOGUE magazine The model mother PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: One way to pass the time! Lauren Goodger swaps swimwear for lingerie as she flaunts slim figure in lace body on boozy Dubai trip I'm not exactly wealthy, says Joan Collins (who is worth £24million): Star, 83, blasts suggestion she is rich because she has no 'f**** you' money It's Kim the movie star! Kardashian makes her Oceans Eight cameo... and bares her figure in sheer lace gown Back to (big screen) business 'Be beautiful': Irina Shayk stuns in cleavage-baring snapshot of herself in sheer lace bralette Was up front with her Instagram followers 'I love my wife a lot': Joe Manganiello reveals he flew across the country to take wife Sofia Vergara on their first date... as he gushes she is 'the one' He should be so lucky! Window washer stumbles upon Kylie Minogue in her Sydney hotel room and the good sport singer poses for a cheeky snap  'Miss you so much papa!' Sheridan Smith dedicates fourth Olivier Award nomination to late father Colin after being recognised for leading role in Funny Girl 'They are real divas': Call The Midwife's Charlotte Ritchie discusses the perils of working with newborn babies... as she teases upcoming wedding plot 'I didn't see that coming!': Emmerdale fans are left in shock as Joanie Wright suddenly dies minutes after being released from prison Unexpected shock EXCLUSIVE: 'I'm 18 weeks pregnant!' MIC finally teases the moment Binky Felstead tells her gobsmacked pals she's expecting a baby in the first trailer Worse for wear Julianne Hough and Nina Dobrev show some battle scars from wild bachelorette weekend as they return home to Los Angeles EXCLUSIVE: Trouble brewing? Louis Tomlinson gets the coffees in at his LA home as he calls in 'Mad Dog' lawyer to oversee airport bust-up defence  Suits you! Emma Watson wears two glamorous outfits for TV appearance...after defending herself as a feminist She means business 'Haters will say it's photoshopped': Kim Kardashian posts tongue-in-cheek Snapchat photo of hourglass figure Poking fun Smooch! Bella Thorne and Chandler Parsons share steamy make-out session during holiday in Mexico Another day, another new beau 'I wanted John Bishop to smash it - all it's done is make me want to smash my TV': ITV's troubled Nightly Show gets a new host but is STILL slammed by fans Rihanna is covered up in HUGE lime green coat... while braless supermodels bare ALL at Fenty x Puma Paris Fashion Week extravaganza Lily Donaldson shows off her incredible figure as she struts onto Rihanna's Fenty x Puma PFW runway in a tiny yellow crop top and sporty shorts Stella Maxwell leaves nothing to the imagination as she flashes entire underboob at Rihanna's Fenty x Puma PFW show 'Dream's cousin Reign is the sweetest': Rob Kardashian shares heart-melting video of Kourtney's son kissing his baby daughter A mother's love Playtime! Chrissy Teigen shares fun Snapchat video with daughter Luna after revealing she's being treated for postpartum depression 'She is absolutely stealing this series': Julie Hesmondhalgh is praised for her role as a rape victim... but viewers are left alarmed with police treatment The victim is terrorised again and her husband destroys evidence...The dark secrets were just beginning in Broadchurch, by Jim Shelley  No Bad Blood here! Tom Hiddleston poses backstage with Taylor Swift's longtime pal Ed Sheeran Still pals with her squad despite split Could there be terror on the cobbles? Corrie's Rob Donovan is pictured back at ITV studios after his character got sentenced for 25 years for killing Tina McIntyre  FIRST LOOK! Former Lois & Clark star Teri Hatcher returns to comic book genre as she debuts on Supergirl... as a villain Played Lois Lane  Jennifer Lopez flaunts her ample cleavage and hourglass curves in a figure-hugging grey dress as she films Watch What Happens Live Superstar Adele gifts three-year-old with chronic lung condition tickets to her Brisbane concert... after the little girl used her songs to 'learn to sing again' Smoking hot! Jonah Hill puffs on cigarette as he shows off slimmer frame in denim on solo outing Looked slimmer than ever 'I should f**k Miley Cyrus': Nick Cannon rambles on YouTube after 'leaving the No. 1 show on TV to promote a mix tape' Bizarre clip  'Young love!' Bella Hadid and Yolanda Foster give Anwar and his older girlfriend Nicola Peltz their blessings as they post sweet kissing snap Workout queen! Bella Thorne flashes flesh in revealing mesh top and black bra for aerobics session Not exactly the usual gym gear 'Little legends': Chris Hemsworth posts VERY cute snap of his two sons after overhearing their hilarious advice for not 'being eaten by a crocodile' in Byron Bay Katie Maloney cries after Lisa Vanderpump declines to officiate her wedding on Vanderpump Rules Keeps arguing with her fiancé Doing a Taylor? Kylie Minogue reveals breakup album following her split with Joshua Sasse as she stuns in slinky slip dress at Specsavers event 'Can we please just do it?' Kylie Minogue reaffirms support for Oz marriage equality after ex-fiance Joshua Sasse ditches their Say I Do Down Under campaign  Supermarket sweep! Charlize Theron swaps haute couture for laidback chic as she steps out in a pair of burgundy joggers while grocery shopping in LA Make-up free Mena Suvari works up a sweat at Cycle for Survival to support rare cancer research Got on her bike for charity  The mane attraction! Jennifer Lopez is a modern day Rapunzel as she rocks an impossibly long ponytail Rapunzel, Rapunzel, let down your hair! Laura Whitmore shows off her enviably slender pins in a pair of skin-tight leather trousers as she attends musical showcase in Soho  EXCLUSIVE 'I cry when I'm tired and hungry': Jourdan Dunn on toll of modelling, quitting her 'heavy' dependency on psychics and starstruck partying with Beyoncé Who's that? Marion Cotillard sheds demure image with long locks and plumped lips in shots from new film Share sultry photos from her latest comedy 'Chill out people!' Madonna posts sweet snap of newly adopted twins as she teases Rebel Heart DVD release Going strong! Felicity Huffman shines in black dress with plunging neckline at gala with William H. Macy in NYC She's never looked better  Taking tips? Pregnant Cheryl posts adoring comment on pal Kimberley Walsh's mothering snap... as speculation rumbles over baby's birth David Beckham dons his best tweed flat cap to shoot an advert in the park in London... and brings along his beloved pooch Olive as his co-star Fast woman! Rita Ora covers up in quirky off-duty ensemble as she arrives back in Paris for more Fashion Week fun after last week's flying visit to the capital Newly engaged Samira Wiley hits Miami for bachelorette party with OINTB costars Danielle Brooks and Uzo Aduba Carole King stuns the West End cast of Beautiful as she makes a surprise visit to see them perform her hits Left the leading lady of the musical gobsmacked Flying solo! Makeup free Ruby Rose leaves Sydney Airport without her popstar girlfriend Jessica Origliasso following loved-up display The Force is no longer with him! Ewan McGregor is unrecognisable as overweight and balding criminal in teaser for new season of Fargo Top of the crops! Julianne Hough shows off her abs of steel in gym photoshoot Looked super fit as she posed up a storm at the gym 'I quit drugs': SNL's Pete Davidson, 23, admits he's 'happy and sober' for the first time in eight years Emotional post on Monday Talk about a babyface! Lisa Kudrow, 53, looks ageless in black as she stars at Boss Baby event in Beverly Hills Never seems to get any older Walking to the end together! Ian Somerhalder and Nikki Reed hold hands on stroll ahead of Vampire Diaries series finale All bite on the night Jack Cassidy from The Partridge Family group tries out on The Voice and picks Alicia Keys to be his coach The Voice could bring back a new era Salma Hayek stuns in a lace column dress at the Alexander McQueen PFW Show... before nipping across town to catch Rihanna's new collection  The couple that dresses together... Lionel Richie, 67, matches in black with younger girlfriend Lisa Parigi Out and about Emma Roberts' Range Rover 'hit a tree at her tequila-themed birthday party after valet forgot to put vehicle in park' Not the best surprise when she left Leather and lace! Kristen Bell pairs white patterned top with black mini skirt for NBC party in Hollywood Always looks the part Victoria's Secret Angel Elsa Hosk gives Paris Fashion Week a miss and pounds the New York sidewalk in a casual white beanie and stylish forest green coat The ride of his life! Dita Von Teese gives her Devonshire Rex cat Aleister a lift on top of her designer luggage as she makes her way through LAX Baby One More Time! Britney Spears does grueling crunches as she preps for Vegas residency She is focused on fitness for her return to stage Bra-vo! Elisha Cuthbert exposes her undergarment in gray sheer top at premiere for Goon: Last Of The Enforcers Sheer delight 'He needed a wheelchair!' Kate Garraway reveals two-week sex challenge with husband ended in A&E... as she relives crotch-less knicker HORROR Lady in red! Brooke Shields is radiant in sleeveless dress at fundraising gala in NYC Brooke wore her long brunette hair loose and sleekly styled She's ripped! Hilary Duff shows off her toned legs in torn skinny jeans as she goes on a coffee run in LA  Needed a caffeine fix as she ran errands Heather Locklear looks happy and healthy as she suns herself in a bikini on Hawaii break with daughter Ava after rehab rumors Meryl Streep and Tom Hanks to team up onscreen for the first time in Steven Spielberg drama The Post Two Oscar-winning legends unite PICTURE EXCLUSIVE Marriage is a walk in the park! Michelle Keegan joins husband Mark Wright for a stroll with dogs... after shooting down 'marital strife'  Englishwoman in New York! Trudie Styler looks effortlessly stylish without husband Sting at Our Dream Of Water premiere Looked chic Ashley Tisdale works up a sweat at the gym after slamming Twitter troll who said she looked 'pregnant' High School Musical star was back to working out Bringing the 90s back! Sofia Richie looks hip in over-sized denim jacket and retro sunglasses The 18-year-old looked casual in a pair of baggy Givenchy track pants A flare for fashion! Karlie Kloss steps out in baggy red trousers as she stretches her legs in New York Rocking some chic Seventies style EXCLUSIVE! 'My gut said don't do it': MIC's resident musician Julius Cowdrey reveals he had the chance to be on The Voice and X Factor... but it didn't feel right 'I'm really happy': Vanderpump Rules star Scheana Shay gushes about new boyfriend Robert Valletta Split from her husband in November  She's a Barbie girl! Sophie Monk proves she's still a kid at heart as she posts a bizarre video of her playing dolls with her niece A very pregnant Beyonce dazzles in emerald gown as Jay Z and Blue Ivy look on at premiere of Beauty And The Beast in newly released images She's a catwalk queen after all... Chuckling Bella Hadid is presented with tiara by vying admirer while looking slick in white suit during Paris outing Dancing On Ice'to make a surprise comeback' three years after it was axed... as ITV bosses 'believe the decision to cancel the show was a mistake'  Oops! Farrah Abraham suffers wardrobe malfunction as she spills out of VERY revealing bikini during shoot in LA Harry Potter And The Cursed Child is up for ELEVEN Olivier awards...the most ever for a new West End play  Wowing critics and audiences 'Anyone who has success in this industry is marginalized!' Cate Blanchett defends 'cultural elite' and says her moral compass is in her VAGINA  Here comes Heidi! Klum looks set to make a cameo appearance in Ocean's Eight as she's pictured on set There is a very impressive line up Sweet like candy! Millie Mackintosh struts her way to a meeting in Paris in a bubblegum pink power suit with feathered cuffs Specs appeal! Atlanta de Cadenet Taylor rocks the geek chic look in overalls, glasses and a cardigan Biking around! Pierce Brosnan enjoys a beachside bicycle ride with wife Keely Shaye Smith James Bond's ride of choice is an Aston Martin Brooklyn Beckham sparks rumours his romance with Chloe Moretz is back on as the exes engage in cryptic social media interaction six months after split 'It's not been the easiest times of late': Kylie Minogue breaks her silence on split from fiance Joshua Sasse revealing 'I have no regrets' Her two biggest hits! Iggy Azalea flaunts her artificial assets in a VERY racy swimsuit and thigh-high boots after announcing her rap comeback 'Things can go amazingly and there can be ups and downs': Ruby Rose speaks about her relationship with girlfriend Jessica Origliasso Tea time! Reese Witherspoon wears flirty dress as she picks up iced beverage in LA day after her hit series Big Little Lies airs riveting episode An epic voyage cast adrift in a sea of tears and whingeing: CHRISTOPHER STEVENS reviews last night's TV  Louis Tomlinson fans 'send airport bust-up girl 2,000 online threats making her too scared to leave her house'  Ana Becerra, 22 He's got specs appeal! Justin Bieber wears his favourite glasses and flaunts his tattooed biceps as he exercises and heads to skate park before Perth show 'I look stupid skinny!' Amy Schumer reveals she hated her body after shedding pounds for Trainwreck 'I'm what Hollywood calls, very fat' 'Everybody was so nice!' Paris Jackson gushes about making her acting debut on Fox TV musical drama Star Plays a social media guru  Tess Holliday shares sweet snap of son Bowie in the buff - and threatens to block anyone who deems the image 'inappropriate' They're out! Original Real Housewives Of New Jersey cast members Jacqueline Laurita and Kathy Wakile 'axed from season eight' Warrant out for Azealia Banks after she fails to attend a court session related to 2015 incident in which she allegedly bit female nightclub bouncer's breast PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: You know that I want you! Lady Gaga gives Christian Carino a lingering kiss... while he offers her his jacket on night out 'This film is one of inclusiveness!' Josh Gad praises Beauty And The Beast for embracing 'unity' as he plays Disney's first gay character Buckle up! Brie Larson puts on a leggy display in 1960s-inspired mini-dress as she hits promotional trail for Kong: Skull Island Chic Melissa George makes rare public appearance at Hermes show at Paris Fashion Week after alleged domestic violence incident with partner Winning! Jon Cryer to make big return to TV after two-year hiatus with ABC comedy pilot Losing It The two-time Emmy-winning star  Real Housewives of Miami star Joanna Krupa shows off her toned figure in a skin-tight strapless dress as she steps out at canine charity event in Warsaw 'Good times!': Jennifer Lopez beams with Leah Remini and Derek Hough at Shades Of Blue viewing party as season two gets off to nice start The Talented Mr Damon: Boston native Matt will narrate a new documentary about the marathon bombing in his hometown Lends his voice 'There's talk!' Jax Taylor reveals possible Vanderpump Rules spin-off will follow his relationship with Brittany Cartwright Fan favourites From Ramsay street to Robin Hood! Margot Robbie lands second successive LEAD role after being cast as Marian in re-imagining of classic folk tale Megan McKenna and Amber Turner enjoy a girls' night out in Essex... as their love life drama airs in explosive new series of TOWIE Cara Delevingne shows off her striking new platinum blonde locks as she steps out in cool off-duty look in Paris Doting mommy! Charlize Theron shows off slim frame in leggings and baggy sweater as she treats young son Jackson to lunch in LA 'You're the most beautiful girl in the room': Chrissy Metz  reveals the sweet note boyfriend Josh Stancil wrote her ahead of a red carpet appearance Is it too late now to say sorry? Justin Bieber awkwardly clutches his back-up dancer in Perth performance, after taking to the stage more than half an hour late  Anna Faris and Eugenio Derbez to recreate Goldie Hawn and Kurt Russell comedy classic Overboard Joshua Jackson shares a laugh with Teen Wolf actress pal Crystal Reed Don't Reed too much into who this ex couple have been hanging out with 'We are beyond blessed': Jamie Lynn Spears reflects on 'worst nightmare' one month after daughter's life threatening ATV accident 'There's something I need that I can't get from you!' Chloe Sims shoots down Liam Gatsby's attempts to win her back Details of the engagement: Joy-Anna Duggar, 19, had TWO chaperones during proposal that took place while on a horse trail in Arkansas 'Our kids should not be held hostage': Chance The Rapper to donate $1 million to Chicago Public Schools after 'unsuccessful' meeting with governor 'Ask God to heal her!' Fantasia cancels concert after suffering second degree burns on her arm Had to cancel a concert in Memphis  The pecs factor! Joe McElderry shows off his impressive weight-loss in a sizzling shirtless snap Former X Factor winner has been working out Bethenny Frankel goes skinny dipping, shares girl on girl kiss and sobs over MORE cheating claims about Luann's man in explosive RHONY trailer 'She RUINED her!' Lorde's fans take to social media to bash Taylor Swift after complaining about the New Zealand native's new track Making Hollywood friends! UFC fighter Ronda Rousey bonds with Jaimie Alexander as she tapes guest appearance for TV's Blindspot Which of Nick Viall's female suitors on The Bachelor will take the trip to Mexico for Bachelor In Paradise? Fans already know who The Bachelorette will be 'It's a myth that men have the lead': Kyle Sandilands, 45, reveals girlfriend Imogen Anthony, 26, is in control of life at home Adrien Brody's model girlfriend Lara Lieto flashes her abs as they leave dinner date hand-in-hand Danniella Westbrook dons a colourful kaftan and treats herself to cocktails as she hits the pool in Spain with a pal Recently hinted she is planning another boob job Style setter Sienna Miller shows off her quirky dress sense in a cosy knitted hat and oversized coat as she takes her dog for a walk in New York EOTB star Chloe Goodman's plunging swimsuit barely contains her impressive bust as she flaunts her curves while jet skiing in Lanzarote Ready for spring! Love star Gillian Jacobs steps out in denim mini dress with floral motifs at season 2 premiere of Netflix series Chloe Khan flaunts her incredibly svelte figure as she poses in nothing but a THONG for titillating Snapchat... after split from Ashley Cain Worse for wear Chloe Lewis FINALLY goes public with new beau Danny Fisher as they lock lips while frolicking in the street on London night out Lauren Goodger suffer MAJOR social media fail as she accidentally shares PR message to accompany her throwback Instagram snap A blank canvas! Ashley Graham strips down to pose NUDE in new campaign for Prabal Gurung's first ever plus-size collection  Leggy Sophie Turner displays her endless pins in black leather hotpants as she touches down in Paris with boyfriend Joe Jonas  'Starting to get back into shape': Greg Rutherford flashes his perfectly sculpted abs in nothing but grey shorts for sizzling Instagram selfie Emma Watson reveals VERY intimate details of her beauty routine - down to her preferred brand of pubic hair oil and why she bathes up to THREE times a day Blushing bride! Betty White, 95, wears wedding dress during teaser for upcoming episode of TV's Young & Hungry with Emily Osment Amy Schumer is shocked when Bachelor star Nick Viall records video message saying his 'one regret' was not meeting her on reality show Party of two! Makeup-free Jennifer Love Hewitt makes rare sighting during shopping spree in LA with husband of four years Brian Hallisay New mom Amber Tamblyn poses for a candid selfie in a breast milk-stained T-shirt to document the realities of life as a mother, just two weeks after giving birth to a baby daughter 'My boo': Iman shares rare snap of Lexi, 16, as she posts sweet message for her daughter with David Bowie Her parents' beauty So what, I'm still a cot star! Pink shares snap of baby Jameson putting his vocal cords to work Jameson Moon  looked to be engaged in some loud crying  Ready fur a bonding day! Keri Russell sports distinctive wintry hat as she and Matthew Rhys enjoy Sunday stroll with their baby boy Astonishing footage shows snarling 1D star Louis Tomlinson 'wrestling photographer and manhandling a female fan' moments before police arrest him Kendall Jenner nails casual glamour in racy mesh leotard and boyfriend jeans as she heads out in Paris for another day at Fashion Week Tess Holliday shares sweet snap of son Bowie in the buff while revealing pants are 'optional' in her house on Sundays 'Milk life!': Amber Tamblyn shares a selfie where she has breast milk stains on her T-shirt after feeding her newborn girl 'We were both terrified!': Pregnant Chanelle Hayes thought she was dying from cancer before being told she was expecting her second child 'You don't get to tell me what's wrong with MY body!' Sports Illustrated's size 16 swimwear model Hunter McGrady hits back at critics,  She's FIVE times the supermodel they'll ever be! Coco Rocha stars on a variety of glamorous covers for the latest issue of Fashion Magazine 'I felt selfish saying I was struggling': Chrissy Teigen reveals she suffered with postpartum depression after the birth of daughter Luna Scarlett Johansson continues to go ring-free amid rumours she's split from Romain Dauriac as she takes daughter to LA park Single mum? Ahoy, captain! Julianne Hough leads her bachelorette babes in sexy swimsuit on a luxury yacht as the party continues in the Gulf of Mexico 'It was incredibly eye-opening': Heartbroken Ed Sheeran is reduced to tears during Comic Relief trip to Liberia as he sings with young girl whose father died at hands of Ebola Where's my TARDIS? Lily James and boyfriend Matt Smith make rare public appearance together as they go for a casual shopping trip in the rain Geordie Shore newbie Abbie Holborn flaunts her ample assets in a plunging dress as she parties with boxer Floyd Mayweather in Newcastle SPOILER ALERT: Coronation Street's Maria Connor makes a dramatic return as she is released from prison... and has a fiery encounter with Aidan Letting her hair down! Tiffany Trump goes zip-lining in the jungle while on vacation in Belize with boyfriend Ross - as her father faces controversy over Obama tapping claims Imogen Thomas flashes her slender pins in a flirty thigh-skimming mini dress as she enjoys dinner in London  Pregnant Danielle Lloyd tenderly cradles her bump as she enjoys casual pub lunch with fiancé Michael O'Neill and her three children Blossoming stomach Eighties boy band Bros cancel more than half the dates on their £10m comeback tour, sparking speculation it was because of poor ticket sales  'My wife loves my sausage in the hole': Holly Willoughby and Phillip Schofield get into hysterics over Gino D'Acampo's innuendo-filled cooking segment A flare for fashion! Bella Hadid rocks a vintage look in a blue velvet tracksuit and quirky orange shades as she steps out in Paris New eye-catching outfit Gnat impressed! Adele hilariously shrieks onstage as she attempts to fend off a swarm of mosquitos at her Brisbane gig Left audience in stitches  'We get it, she has boobs!': TOWIE fans left confused after cameraman zooms in on Kate Wright's sweaty chest TWICE during her workout TOWIE's Dan Edgar gets VERY cosy with newbie Amber Turner... after furiously denying being anything more than friends in explosive scenes  Claudia Schiffer does her best supermodel strut as she shows off enviably toned legs in skintight jeans while out and about in London Supermodel strut Well she does host Saturday Night Takeaway! Make-up free Scarlett Moffatt enjoys a day off the diet as she gets pizza delivery after losing three dress sizes 'She's FINALLY in a good relationship': will.i.am reveals he approves of pregnant Cheryl's union with Liam Payne... but REFUSES to confirm birth Russian model Elena Perminova wears a sheer bralet OVER her white crop top and very high-slit skirt at Giambattista Valli's PFW show LACY Mecklenburgh: Former TOWIE star wears red and black dress with semi-sheer panel as she attends Leonard Paris fashion show... after finding love Kendall Jenner rocks leather top as she shows off impressive singing skills for music video... but it turns out to be Elle King Music video advert Iskra Lawrence exhibits her hourglass curves in a figure-hugging suede midi dress as she heads to dinner in LA Blessed with killer curves Check her out! Rita Ora showcases her honed pins in thigh-grazing gingham sundress as she steps out in London Oozed spring vibes  Myleene Klass cuts a chic figure in tapered pink trousers and giant shades as she heads to her radio show Turning heads as she sashayed to work 'Trump should not have been elected': Leighton Meester admits the election tops the birth of HITLER as the historical event she would change 'Your stomach is small again in the last shot?' Pregnant Cheryl baffles fans while showing off svelte frame in newly-released images Prince Michael Jackson takes on his father's legacy and announces a new organization to help hungry kids Good example Lady Victoria Hervey showcases her enviable toned body in skimpy multi coloured bikini as she enjoys a day on the beach with male pal Athan Kallas in Malibu Emma Watson oozes elegance in a shift dress at LA Beauty And The Beast photocall... after hitting back at critics over braless photoshoot Bad feminism? Emily Blunt looks elegant in the most delightful way as she wears a stylish red coat with blue hat while shooting scenes for Mary Poppins Returns PIERS MORGAN: Sorry Emma, but you haven't done yourself or feminism any favours this week, you've just made a right t*t of yourself Trouble in paradise? Body language expert warns Harry and Meghan look 'awkward' in Jamaica photos and says the Prince may already be BORED Family affair! Willow Smith showcases her eclectic style in a chic denim bomber jacket as she jets into Paris with brother Jaden ahead of Louis Vuitton show 'She smelled like baby wipes!': Katy Perry's fan club members react when finally meeting their idol at iHeart Awards as she poses for selfies 'Family day': Nick Cannon shows off new baby in very rare photo with his grandmother, mother and the twins he had with Mariah Carey Family times Chris Evans looks glum during family trip to the park with his wife and their two sons... hours before Top Gear returns to screens without him 'I'd take him to therapy': Stacey Solomon reveals she would ask boyfriend Joe Swash to seek help if he decided he didn't want to marry her Sex and the seedy world of the Oscar winning Afflecks: Casey may have won a gong - to add to elder brother Ben's two - but there's a darker side Black to basics: Salma Hayek flaunts her curves in embellished dress as she joins Pamela Anderson and Lily Donaldson at Stella McCartney's PFW show 'I still get nervous trying new things!': Karlie Kloss talks shaping her style as she shows off her incredible figure in new Express campaign Keeping it wheel! Cameron Diaz cuts a casually chic figure in jeans and a jumper as she shops for groceries with a friend  In all her natural glory Allison Williams strips off for X-rated scene with Alex Karpovsky as she puts on a VERY raunchy display in Girls Leaving nothing to the imagination Pregnant Chelsee Healey shows off her burgeoning baby bump in a tight nude top and flares as she steps out for the first time since announcing baby joy A slender Kylie Minogue looks drained as she steps out for breakfast with her dad in Melbourne... one month after split from fiance Joshua Sasse Riding high: The Queen looks elegant in a silk scarf as she heads out on her beloved Fell pony for a trot along the Thames near Windsor Castle Happy birthday, Prince Oscar! Swedish royal tucks into a slice of cake as he celebrates his first year with an adorable photoshoot Sweet new images Megan McKenna appears FURIOUS while filming TOWIE after she admits she's only '20% happy' with boyfriend Pete Wicks following explosive series opener Girls' night out! Ferne McCann looks leggy in just an oversized designer tee and heels as she hits the town with demure Chloe Lewis TOWIE stars 'Geraldine' Horner looks casual yet chic in a navy dolly coat and skinny jeans as she takes baby son Montague for a stroll Enjoying quality time Chantelle Connelly shows off enviably slender figure and toned abs as she tops up her tan on the beach during idyllic Caribbean getaway 'I'm never getting married!' Susanna Reid reveals why she's not ready to date... as she admits she loves bantering with her GMB co-host Piers Morgan It's NOT Better Best Forgotten: Steps have reunited for a new pop song with the help of ABBA as they release music for the first time in FIVE years Chris Brown's ex Karrueche Tran 'prepares to face the singer in court in a bid to get a permanent restraining order' Courtroom showdown 'She's incredibly excited!' Chanelle Hayes announces she's pregnant with her second child... following fears weight gain had left her infertile 'Working mothers should never feel guilty, they should feel proud': Victoria Beckham reveals how she really feels about juggling a career with family life Heavily pregnant Billie Faiers shows off bump in chic black midi dress as she and a glam Frankie Essex arrive at Amy Childs' baby shower Lock-ing lips! TOWIE star James enjoys very passionate smooch with new girlfriend Yazmin Oukhellou after making public apology for using his phone at the wheel Newly-slim Tina Malone can't hide her excitement as she books boob job and skin removal procedure... after facing cruel trolls over her 'wrinkly skin' 'I always wanted to look like Miley Cyrus': Katy Perry admits she wants to help 'redefine femininity' with her new blonde bob... following her Orlando Bloom split Back to work! Ruby Rose flaunts trim pins at stylish launch in Sydney... after celebrating Mardi Gras with girlfriend Jessica Origliasso The 'young one' from Britain's Got Talent act Stavros Flatley is arrested after police find a 'cannabis factory' worth over £50,000 in his London flat Lauren Pope flaunts her incredibly toned abs in a sexy cut-out swimsuit as she treats fans to a sizzling throwback selfie Dazzling  In the pink! The Hills star Jason Wahler jubilant as he and wife Ashley reveal they're expecting a baby girl Once-troubled reality star of The Hills fame 'It can be traumatic!' Spice Girl Melanie C says she sympathises with Louis Tomlinson after the One Direction star is arrested for airport altercation 'They got MARRIED!' Martine McCutcheon and Hugh Grant have big news in Love Actually Comic Relief reboot... but he admits he can't remember his lines Chest too much! Christina Milian has cleavage showdown with Katy Perry and Kelsea Ballerini on the iHeart Radio Music Awards red carpet 'Thick thighs save lives': Demi Lovato brags about her toned legs in silver mini-dress as she hits up the iHeartRadio Music Awards 'F**king b***h!' TOWIE's Gatsby lashes out at 'clown' Pete Wicks in violent altercation... following expletive-laden row with 'chav' Megan McKenna Orange is the new blonde! Pixie Lott ditches her trademark platinum 'do as she debuts newly-dyed apricot locks Pop princess Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance DIALOG SEMICONDUCT GBP0.10 - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for DIALOG SEMICONDUCT GBP0.10 with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Scotiabank Reiterates Outperform Rating for Advantage Oil & Gas Ltd. (AAV) Raymond James Financial, Inc. Raises Canadian Apartment Properties REIT (CAR.UN) Price Target to C$35.00 Bank of Nova Scotia (BNS) PT Raised to C$86.00 at Desjardins Scotiabank Boosts Avigilon Corp (AVO) Price Target to C$16.00 LPL Financial Holdings Inc (lpla) to Issue Quarterly Dividend of $0.25 on March 24th Brokers Issue Forecasts for Babcock & Wilcox Enterprises Inc’s Q1 2017 Earnings (BW) Ideal Power Inc. (IPWR) Insider Buys $19,812.00 in Stock Cameco Corp (CCO) Director James Allan Dobchuk Buys 1,470 Shares Fossil Group Inc (FOSL) PT Lowered to $12.00 TD Securities Reiterates “Buy” Rating for Cascades Inc (CAS) Edge Therapeutics Inc (EDGE) Rating Reiterated by Leerink Swann Beaufort Securities Reaffirms “Speculative Buy” Rating for Amryt Pharma PLC (AMYT) Tritax Big Box REIT PLC (BBOX) Receives “Hold” Rating from Liberum Capital Deutsche Bank AG Boosts G4S plc (GFS) Price Target to GBX 230 Old Line Bancshares, Inc. (MD) (olbk) To Go Ex-Dividend on March 8th Pernix Therapeutics Holdings Inc (PTX) Scheduled to Post Earnings on Wednesday Savanna Energy Services Corp. (SVY) Scheduled to Post Earnings on Wednesday William Blair Analysts Increase Earnings Estimates for 3D Systems Co. (DDD) Carrols Restaurant Group, Inc. (TAST) PT Lowered to $17.00 United Continental Holdings Inc (UAL) Rating Reiterated by Sanford C. Bernstein DIALOG SEMICONDUCT GBP0.10 (DLGNF) Receives Average Rating of “Buy” from Analysts March 6th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Stacy Sanders Filed Under: Finance - Zacks Consensus Ratings Tweet DIALOG SEMICONDUCT GBP0.10 (NASDAQ:DLGNF) has been assigned a consensus broker rating score of 2.00 (Buy) from the two brokers that cover the stock, Zacks Investment Research reports. One research analyst has rated the stock with a hold rating and one has given a strong buy rating to the company. DIALOG SEMICONDUCT GBP0.10’s rating score has improved by 33.3% in the last three months as a result of a number of analysts’ upgrades and downgrades. Zacks has also given DIALOG SEMICONDUCT GBP0.10 an industry rank of 88 out of 265 based on the ratings given to related companies. Several equities analysts recently commented on the company. JPMorgan Chase & Co. reiterated a “buy” rating on shares of DIALOG SEMICONDUCT GBP0.10 in a research note on Tuesday, February 28th. DZ Bank AG reiterated a “sell” rating on shares of DIALOG SEMICONDUCT GBP0.10 in a research note on Friday, December 16th. Zacks Investment Research upgraded DIALOG SEMICONDUCT GBP0.10 from a “hold” rating to a “strong-buy” rating and set a $49.00 price objective on the stock in a research note on Wednesday, January 11th. Finally, Morgan Stanley reiterated a “buy” rating on shares of DIALOG SEMICONDUCT GBP0.10 in a research note on Monday, February 20th. Shares of DIALOG SEMICONDUCT GBP0.10 (NASDAQ:DLGNF) opened at 53.00 on Monday. The firm has a 50 day moving average price of $47.96 and a 200-day moving average price of $40.73. The firm has a market cap of $4.04 billion and a P/E ratio of 16.31. DIALOG SEMICONDUCT GBP0.10 has a one year low of $30.80 and a one year high of $53.00. “DIALOG SEMICONDUCT GBP0.10 (DLGNF) Receives Average Rating of “Buy” from Analysts” was reported by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are accessing this news story on another website, it was copied illegally and republished in violation of United States and international trademark and copyright legislation. The legal version of this news story can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/03/06/dialog-semiconduct-gbp0-10-dlgnf-receives-average-rating-of-buy-from-analysts.html. Get a free copy of the Zacks research report on DIALOG SEMICONDUCT GBP0.10 (DLGNF) For more information about research offerings from Zacks Investment Research, visit Zacks.com Receive News & Ratings for DIALOG SEMICONDUCT GBP0.10 Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for DIALOG SEMICONDUCT GBP0.10 and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News New Travel Ban by President Trump Could be Announced Monday Hackers Accessed Private Email of Mike Pence While He Was Governor President Trump’s First Address Optimistic Trump Asking for Steep Increases in Spending for Military President Trump Wants the Largest Nuclear Arsenal © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Contact Us Journalists Blog Log In Sign Up Send a Release News Solutions Resources Search News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News dansk Deutsch español Français italiano Nederlands norsk português suomeksi svenska AAMCO Franchise Expands In South Carolina With The Opening Of First Summerville Service Center World's Largest Franchise of Transmission Specialists Now Providing Total Car Care Services to Local Community News provided by AAMCO Transmissions, Inc. Mar 06, 2017, 11:21 ET Share this article HORSHAM, Pa., March 6, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- AAMCO Transmissions, Inc. ("AAMCO"), franchisor of the world's largest branded chain of transmission specialists and an industry leader in total car care services, announced today it has expanded in South Carolina with the opening of its first location in Summerville on Feb. 1. The new auto repair shop is located at 1550 Old Trolley Road and features transmission, auto repair and fleet services. AAMCO Summerville marks the brand's eighth location in South Carolina and is owned and operated by Greenville resident and longtime franchisee Chris Ebert. Ebert opened his first AAMCO shop in the Greenville area in 2010 after spending 12 years in the mortgage industry and many years as a restaurant owner prior to that. When asked what drew him to franchising and to AAMCO in particular, he said, "As a manager with JPMorgan Chase, I learned how to follow best practices and to achieve success by doing what has proven to work. The experts at AAMCO have spent over 50 years developing their business. I know I can follow this path they have created, put in the hard work and have a thriving business." That path to success led Ebert to open a Columbia-area shop in 2014 and a Charlotte, North Carolina-area location in 2015. He has already purchased the rights to expand in Mount Pleasant and Anderson, South Carolina, as well as Asheville, North Carolina, and expects to have those three locations open with the next 24 months.   "Total car care is a specialty business that people are always going to need," said Ebert. "We work hard to build trust with our customers and help them maintain their car year-round, whether it's a transmission replacement in the heat of the summer or a routine spring tune-up. It's important to me to bring value to each community in which I do business and to be known for quality work and customer service."   For more than 50 years, AAMCO's network of locally owned and independently operated automotive service centers has employed the latest technology. Expert technicians diagnose a repair, fix it right the first time and back it with a nationwide warranty. Known as the world's leading transmission expert, the company has evolved into a total car care brand that provides a variety of services including brake repair, tune-ups, shocks and struts, routine maintenance and more. AAMCO was named to Entrepreneur's 2017 Franchise 500 ranking top of its category for the third consecutive year. Based on network size, growth rate and financial strength, last year, the brand also earned a spot on Entrepreneur's "Best of the Best" list. Additionally, AAMCO has been consecutively ranked on Franchise Times' Top 200+ for the last two years. AAMCO Summerville serves customers Monday – Friday from 8 a.m. – 6 p.m. and Saturday from 8 a.m. – 4 p.m.  The center is closed on Sunday. For more information, please visit www.aamcosummervillesc.com or call 843-376-5525. About AAMCO AAMCO is the world's largest branded chain of transmission specialists and a leader in total car care services. AAMCO has nearly 650 franchised automotive centers throughout the United States and Canada. Established in 1962, AAMCO-branded centers are proud to have served more than 45 million drivers. For more information, visit: aamcouniversity.com, aamco.com or aamcoblog.com. Contact: Nicole Hunnicutt Fish Consulting 404-558-4108 nhunnicutt@fish-consulting.com  To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/aamco-franchise-expands-in-south-carolina-with-the-opening-of-first-summerville-service-center-300418439.html SOURCE AAMCO Transmissions, Inc. Feb 22, 2017, 09:15 ET Preview: AAMCO Franchise Announces New Owner Of Pennsauken, New Jersey Service Center My News Release contains wide tables. View fullscreen. Also from this source Feb 22, 2017, 09:15 ETAAMCO Franchise Announces New Owner Of Pennsauken, New Jersey... Feb 21, 2017, 10:15 ETAAMCO Franchise Expands In Arkansas With The Opening Of First... Explore More news releases in similar topics Automotive Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Corporate Expansion New Products & Services You just read: AAMCO Franchise Expands In South Carolina With The Opening Of First Summerville Service Center News provided by AAMCO Transmissions, Inc. Mar 06, 2017, 11:21 ET Share this article Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire? Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform. Sign up to get started Request more information Have an account? Log In Phone 8AM - 10PM ET +1-888-776-0942 Send a Release Sign Up Blog For Journalists Contact Us Search Searching for your content... Advanced Search Contact PR Newswire 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Contact Us General Inquiries Request a Demo Editorial Bureaus Partnerships Media Inquiries Worldwide Offices Solutions Cision Communications Cloud™ For Marketers For Public Relations For IR & Compliance For Agency For Small Business All Products About About PR Newswire About Cision Become a Publishing Partner Become a Channel Partner Careers   Global Sites Asia Brazil Canada Europe Finland France India Israel Mexico Middle East Netherlands Sweden United Kingdom My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Terms of Use Privacy Policy Information Security Policy Statement Site Map RSS Feeds Copyright © 2017 PR Newswire Association LLC. All Rights Reserved. A Cision company. News Solutions Resources News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News dansk Deutsch español Français italiano Nederlands norsk português suomeksi svenska Phone +1-888-776-0942 8AM - 10PM ET Chat All contact info Send a ReleaseLog In
MBS Live | Automated Mortgage and Real Estate Newsletters | Advertise | Contact Register or Sign in        Email This Page     Link To This Page     Visit MND at MBA in NYC! 28,899# of Forum Posts Premium Services MBS Live! Learn More Start a 2 Week Free Trial Marketing Services Directory Listing Local Ads Enhanced / Search Optimized Profiles Client Testimonials Cobranding Services NO COMPETITOR ADS!! Cobranded Website Cobranded Email Cobranded Social Marketing Cobranded Print Cobranded Widgets View All Premium Services Home Page Open Home Page FRONT PAGE - HOME PAGE - NEWS STREAM - VIDEO NEWS  CHANNELS / TOPICS - MND NewsWire - Mortgage Rate Watch - MBS Commentary - Pipeline Press Secondary Markets Voice of Housing - Community Commentary SUBSCRIBE - Daily Newsletter - Daily Rate Report - News Alerts - Manage  Email Subscriptions - RSS Feeds More - About Us - Authors / Contributors - Submit an Article / Tip - News Widgets NEWS VIDEO NEWS - Video Home - Video RSS Feed VIDEO MND Live! MND Live! - Real-time Streaming Community Activity Comments - Reader's Comments Q&A - Q&A Home COMMUNITY MBS Markets MBS Prices Treasury / LIBOR Residential Mortgage Debt Mortgage Interest Rates Current Mortgage Rates FHFA / Freddie Mac / MBA Compare Lender Rates Bank Ratings Mortgage Calculators Mortgage Rate FAQs Primary Market Volume Mortgage Applications Total Outstanding Mortgages Net Change Outstanding Mortgages New Houses Financing Type Mortgage Originations Housing Production Building Permits Housing Starts Under Construction Housing Completions Construction Spending NAHB Builder Confidence Home Sales New Home Sales Existing Home Sales Pending Home Sales Home Prices FHFA Home Prices S&P Case Shiller New Home Prices Existing Home Prices Homeownership Vacancy Rate Homeownership Rate Housing Inventory MARKET DATA Current Rates - Current Mortgage Rates - 30 Year Fixed Rate Mortgage - Daily Rate Movements - Historic Mortgage Rates - FHFA / Freddie Mac / MBA - About Our Daily Rate Survey Compare Rates - See Rates From Top Lenders Tools - Mortgage Calculators - Mortgage Rate FAQs - Compare Lender Rates Follow Rates Daily - Daily Rate Update Email - Twitter - RSS MORTGAGE RATES Subscribe (free) - SUBSCRIBE HERE Daily Newsletter - Most Recent - Archive Daily Rate Update - Most Recent - Archive Weekly Newsletter - Most Recent - Archive Weekly Rate Update - Most Recent - Archive NEWSLETTERS Place your ad here Connect With MND Subscribe  Email Alerts Receive an Email Alert each time a story is posted to Pipeline Press. - Subscribe to Email Alerts  RSS - Posts  |  Comments - View All RSS Feeds  Newsletters - Subscribe to Newsletter - Subscribe to Mortgage Rates Update Latest Headlines From Pipeline Press Primer on 30-Year Bond Supply, Demand, and Yield; Training and... Record Bank Earnings, Basel Update; Appraisal and Collateral... Another Caliber Deal; In M&A What Makes a Good Lender Makes... Lender Disaster Updates; Investor SRP and LLPA Changes Training and Events Ranging From Cybersecurity to Taking an App;... View All Other Top Headlines MBS Week Ahead: Light Data, But NFP Friday--Will it Matter? MBS RECAP: Bonds Bounce Back After Yellen Confirms Rate Hike Mortgage Rates Rise For 5th Straight Day More Homeowners Cashing in on Their New Housing Wealth MBS Day Ahead: Post-Election Range Threatened by Fed View More Latest Video Factory orders up 1.2... Expect 'one-a-year'... Fed's big rate hike... View More Mortgage Rate Losing Streak Pauses; 2016 Originations Set 4-Year High Published: 3/6/2017 VIEW | SUBSCRIBE | ARCHIVE            Comments "Rob - Saying appraisers charge $700 per appraisal and do two..." "I'm not sure it's correct to categorize the home buying..." "Homebuyers regret the purchase because the opaque homebuyer process..." "100% agree w/ your closing comment. Was already thinking that..." "Late to the comment party, but it is important to say lacking..." "Not sure if it's "good," but numbers that low are..." "This survey was only 1k buyers? Is that really a good sample..." "If you are working for a Lender who takes 51 days to close. I..." Latest Questions Have MLO license interpretations for prior felonies been challenged /re-defined less... Do we qualify this year How do I find the historical data for prices on Agency MBS? Bottom Right Default State Name: Maryland State Name underscore: Maryland State Name dash: Maryland State Name lower underscore: maryland State Name lower dash: maryland State Name lower: maryland State Abbreviation: MD State Abbreviation Lower: md News Headlines » Pipeline Press Home About this Channel Pipeline Press is an informational forum focused on the interpretation and discussion of industry specific news, intelligence, investor bulletins, lender releases, developments, events and even rumor. Share:  Email    Link Here        Facebook        Twitter        LinkedIn        Google Plus Widgets by: Rob Chrisman Record Bank Earnings, Basel Update; Appraisal and Collateral Trends Mar 3 2017, 8:00AM For me the last few weeks included travel to events in Florida, Texas, Southern California, and now The Mortgage Collaborative’s event in Arizona. And although I wouldn’t describe the mood as “vivacious” out there ("keeping our noses to the grindstone" would be more appropriate), in terms of demographics I have noticed more and more younger faces at conferences. Indeed, Pew Research finds that as of the end of last year there were over 58 million millennial workers in the US labor force ranking this group #1 in size vs. 53 million Gen X workers coming in at #2. Bank and M&A news. Tricon Capital Group announced that it has entered into an agreement to acquire public single-family rental (SFR) operator Silver Bay Realty Trust Corp. by way of an all-cash transaction for approximately $1.4 billion, which values the company at $21.50 per share. Tricon Capital indicated that the acquisition is expected to close by the end of the second quarter of 2017. Tricon Capital is the parent company of Tricon American Homes (TAH), which is the firm's wholly owned operator of its U.S. single-family rental business. The acquisition of Silver Bay will create the fourth largest publicly-owned SFR company. After the completion of the acquisition, TAH will hold more than 16,800 homes in its total SFR portfolio, of which nearly 9,800 are currently included in three single-borrower securitizations totaling $1.1 billion. Is it true that banks are where all the money is? Perhaps. Banks' profit hit a record high of $171.3 billion last year, a 4.9% increase from 2015, according to the Federal Deposit Insurance Corp. Unprofitable banks made up 4.2% of the system, the lowest level since 1995. Global regulators working on the Basel III banking rules have ended a two-day meeting without setting a date for their issuance, but have expressed a determination to reach agreement and completion, saying that many outstanding matters have been resolved. The US has not yet appointed a Federal Reserve official who would oversee banking supervision, and this has been cited as a main reason for the delay. With hints of lessening regulations (heck, everyone would be happy if we did away with triple damages with the False Claims Act) will banks pick up the pace in residential lending? As everyone knows more borrowers are choosing non-depository lenders than ever before to obtain a home loan. In 2011, 50 percent of all new mortgage loans originated from the three largest banks: JPMorgan, Bank of America, and Wells Fargo. However, in September 2016, that share plunged to 21 percent. During that time, non-banks emerged as six of the 10 largest lenders by volume, including Quicken Loans, loanDepot, and PHH Mortgage. In 2011, only two of the 10 largest lenders were non-banks. Obviously, depository banks have a wide range of revenue earning products whereas the standard mortgage bank only has first liens and mortgages. Non-banks are a little nimbler and can offer more home loan products. As depository banks have backed away from the mortgage business due to onerous and often overlapping & conflicting regulations from the last ten years, non-bank lenders have filled the void. Appraisal, collateral, and value trends & developments Has the appraisal crunch we had six months ago in many parts of the nation died down due to volumes falling? To some extent, yes. But some inherent structural problems remain, and I received this note from the president of a well-known bank in the West on the lack of new, young appraisers. "First off, the entrepreneurial return to enter/pursue the business just hasn't been there. With the 4-year degree and 2-year apprentice requirements (which many lenders and realtors don't have this level of experience) many would-be candidates maybe choosing different business lines that can pay them more much sooner with their experience. "Along the same line, the appraiser has long been one of the least underpaid part of the real-estate transaction.  Even at current 'high' fee levels, a '2 appraisal a day' appraiser turning 600 in a year charging $700/appraisal is making gross $420K/yr. before overhead expenses and assuming full capacity. Reduce this by 50% for those factors and a very good appraiser (established with degree and client base) may make $200K/yr. How many real estate agents and originators make more than this? Lots of them! "Also, apply this to new folks looking to enter the market and you can see where it may deter many. The presence of CU and other automated tools may likely change this landscape dramatically in the next 5-years as appraisers may take on 2 roles: property viewer/certifier of condition (non-technical), and specialized/unique property appraiser (specialized and more difficult). Finally, much of this is due to the current rate environment.  If volume slows, the noise is likely to drop a lot.  Experienced appraisers have been through this before and are unlikely to build up their business when they may have to deal with overhead cuts soon." Quicken Loans' National Home Price Perception Index (HPPI) showed the average appraisal value was 1.47 percent below what owners expected in January. This two-month drop in the HPPI comes on the heels of a six month stretch where opinions between homeowner and appraiser were steadily moving closer to equilibrium. Appraisal values in January stayed mostly flat, slipping only 0.34 percent last month per Quicken Loans' Home Value Index (HVI). When viewed annually, appraised values continue to rise, increasing 3.93 percent year-over-year.   Ditech Financial posted a Job Aid when ordering VA appraisals through the WebLGY application in the online Veterans Information Portal for its Wholesale Clients. The Job Aid will help clients generate a complete and accurate VA Request for Determination of Reasonable Value Form (26-1805-1) and reduce errors that may delay the appraisal inspection and issuance of the VA Notice of Value (NOV). Nationstar Mortgage now maintains and distributes a monthly Appraiser Exclusionary List in an effort to continue to ensure collateral quality.  Correspondents are encouraged to review the Nationstar Mortgage Appraiser Exclusionary List prior to submitting a loan for loan purchase. If a loan delivered to Nationstar utilizes an appraiser on the Appraiser Exclusionary List, the loan is ineligible for purchase.  Wells Fargo Funding added an authorized appraisal management companies (AMCs) to include Assurant® Valuations (formerly StreetLinks). Beginning February 14, 2017. Updates to NYCB's Appraisal Fee Schedule [WSL:652] will be effective 02.20.17 for all new registrations on Table Funding loans and all Correspondent transactions where the appraisal is ordered through Gemstone. The Appraisal Fee Screen's functionality at Stearns was improved to simplify the LE process. Its newest enhancement to SNAP 2.0 enables you to automatically pull the exact Appraisal Fee into your loan based on the state and appraisal type requested. No matrix or grids to review. To avoid delays, any LE generated on or after 2/10 will require the new appraisal fee to be disclosed on your LE. Visit SNAP 2.0 to reference the new appraisal fee schedule. Effective for Insurance Applications received by MGIC on or after Feb. 15, 2017, Fannie Mae PIWs will be accepted as meeting the Underwriting Requirements when offered by Desktop Underwriter®(DU®) and exercised by the lender in accordance with requirements published in Fannie Mae's SEL-2016-08 and its Selling Guide. Further, MGIC will not rescind coverage on a loan with an exercised PIW based on a Material Value Variance, unless fraud, misrepresentation or inaccurate data were involved in obtaining the PIW or the PIW was not valid under the Fannie Mae Selling Guide. Home values influenced by pot? According to a study from the University of Mississippi and software technology company FNC Inc., marijuana legalization could drive housing values up. Capital markets By now a March rate hike is nearly fully priced into the market. At least, if anyone is paying attention to what all the Fed officials are saying in their speeches it should be. In the last 48 hours, we've had additional comments by Governors Brainard and Powell expressing support for a 25-basis point rate hike at the March meeting. And to its credit the Fed has been relatively transparent in their various speeches. With this as a backdrop, the 10-year note's yield broke 2.50% for the first time since mid-February closing at 2.49%. (The 5-year note and agency MBS prices worsened about .125.) The highlight of today's calendar will be the five scheduled Fed speakers, and we can all expect more hints at our economy doing well enough for the FOMC to vote for another increase. There aren't any big scheduled economic numbers coming out, merely some secondary or tertiary numbers like some Markit Services PMI and ISM Non-manufacturing PMI later in the morning. In the early going the 10-year is yielding 2.50% and agency MBS prices are approximately unchanged versus last night's close. Jobs and Announcements Turning to the job market, an established national mortgage lender is looking to acquire a wholesale sales team. The Company is well-capitalized and approved with all government sponsored agencies (Fannie, Freddie, Ginnie). If you're interested in having a confidential conversation, please e-mail me to relay your note; please specify the opportunity and excuse any delays due to travel. In correspondent news, "Do you know what the 'Rule of 72' is? In the investment community, it is a simplified way to determine how long an investment will take to double, given a fixed annual rate of interest. Well, at The Money Source (TMS) they have their own 'Rule of 72.' After analyzing 32,891 loans recently purchased by TMS's correspondent lending division in 2016, an astonishing 72% of all these loans had a final price equal to original price! It is no surprise they are now one of the top 10 correspondent lenders for government loans in 2016. TMS also just rolled out its EASY bulk registration and Excel download PA tool to help your secondary team and back office save time and energy when delivering loans. To find out more about how you can deliver loans to an investor who doesn't nickel and dime you on the backend after loan delivery, email EVP of Correspondent Sales, Jeff Vanderluit." In product news, "As lenders look to adopt a truly automated and more efficient process, the discovery process involves finding a technology that truly replaces the labor-intensive manual data entry, and not simply outsources the work to the lowest possible bidder. LoanBeam, a premier provider of mortgage technology solutions, will be in Las Vegas in Booth #711 of the Ellie Mae Experience 2017 to help lenders identify how to build a consistent, repeatable, transparent, and more profitable process. LoanBeam's automated income extraction and calculation is capable of extracting and calculating 100% of borrower's income through OCR technology refined over 14 years and millions of scanned income documents. With this type of refinement, LoanBeam accurately pulls out all relevant income data from any native PDF at a 99.7% accuracy the first time, with no human touch. For more information about how LoanBeam can improve your process flow, increase your efficiency, and deliver higher profitability per loan, visit our site. And, "With the explosion of millennial buyers, managing your online reputation is more important than ever. History has taught us that if you are not managing what people see, your unhappy customers are all too happy to go to Google, Yelp and the CFPB and damage your reputation and create endless headaches. SocialSurvey turns this problem into a big opportunity and will spark a digital transformation for your company. If you want to learn how to get control of your online reputation, email SocialSurvey." In personnel news, congrats to Steve Roberts! Utah's Veritas Funding announced Steve is its new president, and will oversee all aspects of sales and fulfillment at the company. Steve Roberts has been part of the Veritas Executive Team since 2013, serving most recently as the company's VP of Sales. Veritas Funding is a FNMA and FHLMC direct seller/servicer and a GNMA issuer, and it funded nearly $1.7 billion in residential loans in 2016. About the Author Rob Chrisman Pipeline Press, Author Rob Chrisman began his career in mortgage banking - primarily capital markets - 27 years ago in 1985 with First California Mortgage, assisting in Secondary Marketing until 1988, when he joined Tuttle & Co., a leading mortgage pipeline risk management... more Share:  Email    Link Here        Facebook        Twitter        LinkedIn        Digg        Google Plus More ↓ More More ↓ More StumbleUpon del.icio.us MySpace Yahoo! Buzz Subscribe ↓ More Subscribe ↓ More Email Email Alerts Daily Newsletter View All Email Options RSS All Headlines This Channel Only Video Around The Web View All RSS Feeds Did you know? You can see a list of all comments on MND by clicking the 'Read the Latest Comments' option under the 'Community' menu.  Follow Comments:  This Post  |  All Comments  |  Learn More Comments Join Now or Login to Post Comments Andy K on Rob - Saying appraisers charge $700 per appraisal and do two per day is absurd. What is your source for this info? Report Reason: <<  >> More From MND MBS Commentary MBS RECAP: Bonds Bounce Back After Yellen Confirms... Economic data was stronger this morning with the best ISM Manufacturing "business activity" reading since 2011. Along with comments from Fed's... Mortgage Rate Watch Mortgage Rates Rise For 5th Straight Day Mortgage rates rose by the smallest amount of the week today, but they rose nonetheless. That caps a streak of 5 straight days spent moving in an unfriendly... MND NewsWire More Homeowners Cashing in on Their New Housing Wealth Homeowners are opening their favorite piggy bank again — their homes. As home values rise faster than expected, that increased homeowner wealth suddenly... Pipeline Press Record Bank Earnings, Basel Update; Appraisal and Collateral... For me the last few weeks included travel to events in Florida, Texas, Southern California, and now The Mortgage Collaborative’s event in Arizona... MBS Commentary MBS Day Ahead: Post-Election Range Threatened by Fed... As you're likely aware, rates have been in a very well-behaved consolidation range since mid-November. The trendlines connecting the "lower highs"... MBS Commentary MBS RECAP: Everyone Sells Everything to Buy Snapchat... You couldn't swing a dead cat without hitting a news story about the Snapchat IPO or a friend/colleague asking if you were going to buy some. While... MND NewsWire Market Shifts May Lead to More Mortgage Fraud The shifting of the mortgage market toward more purchases as well as declining origination volumes are expected to boost the incidence of mortgage fraud... Mortgage Rate Watch Rates and Potential Volatility Are Much Higher Than... Mortgage rates were only modestly higher today, extending the recent losing streak to its 4th straight day. This keeps the average conventional 30yr fixed... Pipeline Press Another Caliber Deal; In M&A What Makes a Good... Here’s a public service announcement for folks in Detroit: check to see if you should boil your water before you drink it . Apparently drinking water... MBS Commentary MBS Day Ahead: Calm Calendar Ahead of Friday's... In addition to ISM Non-Manufacturing, tomorrow brings multiple Fed speeches, including Yellen and Vice Chair Fischer in the early afternoon. It's exceedingly... MBS Commentary MBS RECAP: Rapid Rate Hike Expectation Adjustments... The past 2 days have been almost exclusively about a rapid adjustment in Fed rate hike expectations (see the chart in the Day Ahead for a visual). That's... Mortgage Rate Watch Mortgage Rates Rise After Trump Speech, But Not Necessarily... Mortgage rates moved sharply higher today, bringing the average top tier 30yr fixed quote back to 4.25% from 4.125% previously. That doesn't exactly mean... MND NewsWire Residential Construction Spending Remains Flat Construction spending had been expected to recover from the 0.2 percent loss it suffered in December. Analysts polled by Econoday were looking for an increase... MND NewsWire What New Homeowners Regret The Most Some homeowners aren't breaking out the champagne after they've closed on their new home purchase. Nearly half of the homeowners in a recent NerdWallet... MND NewsWire Freddie Mac: Inflation and Rate Hikes Likely Already... Freddie Mac's Insight forecast for February looks at reports that consumer price inflation is rising, and the ensuing debate over "whether or not we are... Pipeline Press Lender Disaster Updates; Investor SRP and LLPA Changes There is some rate and price at which a borrower and lender will meet, whether it is residential loans, commercial, personal, auto, etc. But apparently... MBS Commentary MBS Day Ahead: Weakness Extends Overnight, But Trump... There was a lot of build-up for last night's Trump speech. I won't tell you that it didn't turn out to be a market mover, but it wasn't... MND NewsWire Mortgage Apps Rise, But Refi Share Continues Retreat The Mortgage Bankers Association (MBA) said mortgage applications rose , on a seasonally adjusted basis, during the week ended February 24, although they... MBS Commentary MBS RECAP: Fed Comments Tank Bonds in 9th Inning Treasuries and MBS made it almost all the way through the day with very little drama. There were some ups and downs, but by 4pm, trading levels were very... Mortgage Rate Watch Mortgage Rates Modestly Higher Ahead of Trump Speech Mortgage rates moved higher today in most cases, but not by much. More interesting is the fact that rates held their ground as well as they did considering... View More at the Market Data Center Mortgage Rates: 30 Yr FRM 4.24% | 15 Yr FRM 3.44% | Jumbo 30 Year Fixed 4.38% MBS Prices: 30YR FNMA 4.5 107-02 (0-00) | 30YR FNMA 5.0 109-19 (0-11) | 30YR FNMA 5.5 111-04 (0-02) Recent Housing Data: Mortgage Apps 0% | Refinance Index 0% | Purchase Index 0% FREE MEMBERSHIP Membership Advantages Register for Free Sign In Forgot Password MBS LIVE! Learn About MBS Live! 2 Week Free Trial Sign In MORE INFO Contact Us Advertising Become a Contributor About MND NEWS Front Page News Stream Micro News Video News Around the Web MARKET DATA Current Mortgage Rates MBS Prices MBS Live! Housing Data MARKETPLACE Local Mortgage Professionals Local Real Estate Professionals +Add Your Free Listing Vendor Marketplace Browse Companies +Add Your Company PRESS CENTER Recent Press Releases Subscribe: Email  RSS Submit a Press Release Submit a News Tip Submit a Link to News Contact Our Press Team COMMUNITY User Comments Q&A STAY CONNECTED Daily Newsletter Email Alerts Mobile Version RSS Feeds Widgets Our Story Founded in 2004, Mortgage News Daily has established itself as a leader in housing news, analysis and data. Our innovative social media platform combines industry leading content and data with an active community of industry professionals, to accomplish our primary goal - keeping our readers informed. Total Members 148,788 Subscribe to Our Newsletter Follow On Your Mobile Device Subscribe To RSS Follow On Twitter Follow On Facebook Home - About - Contact - Sitemap - Disclaimer - Privacy Statement - Advertising - RSS All Content Copyright © 2003 - 2017 Brown House Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved. Reproduction in whole or in part in any form without the express written permission of MortgageNewsDaily.com is prohibited.
msn back to msn home money search money search web search Sign in Change language & content: América Latina (español) Argentina (español) Australia (English) België (Nederlands) Belgique (français) Brasil (português) Canada (English) Canada (français) Chile (español) Colombia (español) Danmark (Dansk) Deutschland (Deutsch) España (español) France (français) India (English) Indonesia (Bahasa Indonesia) Ireland (English) Italia (italiano) Malaysia (English) México (español) Nederland (Nederlands) New Zealand (English) Norge (norsk, bokmål) Österreich (Deutsch) Perú (español) Philippines (English) Polska (polski) Portugal (Português) Schweiz (Deutsch) Singapore (English) South Africa (English) Suisse (français) Suomi (suomi) Sverige (svenska) Türkiye (Türkçe) United Arab Emirates (English) United Kingdom (English) United States (English) United States (español) Venezuela (español) Việt Nam (Tiếng Việt) Ελλάδα (ελληνικά) Россия (Pусский) ישראל (עברית)‏ الإمارات العربية المتحدة (العربية‏) المملكة العربية السعودية (العربية‏) مصر (العربية‏) ไทย (ไทย) 한국 (한국어) 中华人民共和国 (简体中文) 台灣 (繁體中文) 日本 (日本語) 香港特别行政區 (繁體中文) Switch to Latino (Español) Feedback Help Today Markets Investing Personal Finance Real Estate Careers Small Business My Watchlist Mortgages Credit Cards Broker Center Tools Home News Weather Entertainment Sports Money Lifestyle Health & Fitness Food & Drink Travel Autos Video Top Stocks Inside the Ticker Mutual Funds and ETFs Small Business Expert Voices Taxes Stock Picks Today's 52-Week Highs Today's 52-Week Lows Volume Shockers Price Shockers High-yield Stocks The Best Blue-Chip Stocks AdChoices Opinion: Congress, the clock is running out on small business tax reform The Hill Stephen Moore and Alfredo Ortiz, opinion contributor 17 hrs ago SHARE SHARE TWEET SHARE EMAIL 5 Tips to Improve Your Odds of Getting a Small Business Loan This 24-year-old made $345,000 in 2 months by beating Kickstarters to market © Provided by The Hill Congress, the clock is running out on small business tax reform Editor’s note: The opinions in this article are the author’s, as published by our content partner, and do not necessarily represent the views of MSN or Microsoft. In last week's address to Congress, President Trump called for comprehensive tax reform to help American businesses that labor under some of the most anti-business tax rates and rules in the world. While Republicans in Congress work to turn this rhetoric into reality, and get bogged down in debating the comprehensive tax reform facets like the border adjustable tax, American small business job creators need and want tax relief now. Small businesses are unique because they do not have access to the tax lawyers, lobbyists, and fixers of their wealthier and better connected counterparts. That's why tax reform must be broader than just focusing on the country's anti-competitive corporate tax rate - it must focus on providing relief for America's 28 million small businesses and the 85 million Americans who owe their livelihoods to them. These businesses have been struggling under the weight of a 40 percent marginal federal tax burden, which can reach 50 percent when state taxes are included, and 60 percent when payroll and other taxes are added in. That's nearly the most onerous in the world, according to the Tax Foundation. Is this any way to treat the job creation engine of the economy? Small businesses account for two-thirds of new jobs, half of existing jobs, and a significant portion of the new innovations that improve our quality of life. This heavy tax burden dramatically reduces their ability to expand, create jobs, and raise wages. Two out of three small business owners admitted as much in a recent nationwide poll conducted by the Job Creators Network. Economic indicators also suggest small businesses are struggling. A new JPMorgan Chase study shows that small business expansion is negligible. Meanwhile, the decades-long slowdown in new business creation continues. The share of businesses less than a year old has plummeted by one-third and their employment share by half since the 1980s. Yet small business optimism has surged since the election of Donald Trump. Owners are hopeful that the "you didn't build that" mentality in Washington for the past eight years has come to an end. Tax relief would provide a greater incentive to start and grow businesses, which would employ some of the tens of millions of Americans who are part of the long-term unemployed, "prime-age" quitters of the labor force, and underemployed. Outside of Washington the business owners and workers laugh when they hear that unemployment rate is less than 5 percent. Correctly measured, one in 10 Americans is unemployed. What would such small business tax reform look like? House Ways and Means Committee Chairman Kevin Brady (R-Texas) has a good tax bill that would chop the tax rate to 25 percent. That's a start. Even better is a bill called the Bring Small Businesses Back Tax Reform Act, which will be introduced tomorrow by Reps. Rand Hultgren (R-Ill.) and Jason Smith (R-Mo.). This bill would lower the tax rate on the first $150,000 of small business income to only 12 percent, and to 25 percent for all income above that threshold. While some critics argue against lower taxes on small businesses for fear of "gaming the system" and "avoiding payroll taxes," there is a solution: create a simple, straightforward rule with appropriate safeguards around reasonable compensation. This would end years of legal controversy and uneven IRS enforcement. Some business owners may not like such a rule, but this opposition cannot stand in the way of real tax relief for millions of others. Hultgren and Smith's legislation would allow for immediate expensing of all equipment, meaning an end to the hassle of complicated depreciation schedules and reduced tax compliance costs. The third and final part would allow for cash accounting, allowing small businesses to defer income declaration until payment is actually received. Such small business tax relief is needed now. While comprehensive tax reform for individuals is a worthy effort, that may take time to work out. For now, congress should deliver pro-jobs business reform. It's been 30 years since businesses have gotten a break from IRS tyranny and delivering relief this year will help employers and their workers alike. We even think a business tax reform bill for these 85 million Americans who depend on small businesses will get the backing of some Democrats. Who isn't for small business and jobs? Stephen Moore is the distinguished visiting fellow for the Project for Economic Growth at the Heritage Foundation. Alfredo Ortiz is president and chief executive officer of the Job Creators Network. The views expressed by contributors are their own and are not the views of The Hill. Go to MSN Home Go to MSN Money Join the conversation Report Abuse Report inappropriate content Sorry! There was a problem. Please try again. Help us maintain a healthy and vibrant community by reporting any illegal or inappropriate behavior that violates MSN’s Code of Conduct. Select a category Spam Child pornography or exploitation Profanity, vulgarity or obscenity Copyright infringement Harassment or threat Threats of suicide Other Who posted the inappropriate comment (Required) Paste the unacceptable comment here submit Leave your comment AdChoices BUSINESS SOLUTIONS Build your business with Surface Membership | Sponsored Upgrade to Windows 10 Pro today | Sponsored Find the right business credit card | Sponsored AdChoices AdChoices More from The Hill Schumer promises Dems will try to defeat 'Trumpcare' The Hill Public interest groups urge officials to protect net neutrality The Hill Freedom Caucus chair questions if ObamaCare replacement will lower costs The Hill The Hill View the full site Feedback © 2017 Microsoft Privacy Legal About our Ads Feedback Help MSN Worldwide Newsletter Found the story interesting? Like us on Facebook to see similar stories I'm already a fan, don't show this again Send Feedback Provide Feedback Report a Problem We appreciate your input! Select a category: I'm having problems with Top Destinations I'm having issues searching I'm having problems with Featured Apps I see an error in the content Other How we can improve? Please give an overall site rating: Submit Close Privacy Statement Help Help & Support
Home About/Contact US Privacy Policy Staff Daily Email Updates Headlines Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Investing Grupo Aeroportuario del Centro Nort - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Grupo Aeroportuario del Centro Nort with our FREE daily email newsletter: Recent Posts Canadian Apartment Properties REIT (CAR.UN) Price Target Raised to C$36.00 Bank of Montreal (BMO) Price Target Raised to C$110.00 CIBC Boosts Avigilon Corp (AVO) Price Target to C$18.00 Investment Analysts’ Recent Ratings Updates for Pure Storage (PSTG) Enzymotec Ltd (ENZY) Receives Consensus Rating of “Hold” from Brokerages Daimler AG (DDAIF) Given $74.94 Average Target Price by Analysts Zacks: Analysts Set $1.50 Price Target for UQM Technologies Inc (UQM) Tucows Inc. (TCX) Receives Average Rating of “Hold” from Brokerages Zacks: Arotech Co. (ARTX) Given $4.50 Consensus Target Price by Analysts Bernard D. Berman Purchases 15,000 Shares of Fifth Street Finance Corp. (FSC) Stock Thomas L. Carter, Jr. Purchases 14,000 Shares of Black Stone Minerals LP (BSM) Stock Cotiviti Holdings Inc (COTV) Now Covered by Raymond James Financial, Inc. Canadian Western Bank (CWB) Stock Rating Upgraded by CIBC Cipher Pharmaceuticals Inc (CPH) Rating Reiterated by TD Securities Senior plc (SNR) Given “Neutral” Rating at JPMorgan Chase & Co. Barratt Developments Plc (BDEV) Receives Sell Rating from Liberum Capital WesBanco Inc (WSBC) to Issue Quarterly Dividend of $0.26 on April 1st Research Frontiers, Inc. (REFR) Set to Announce Earnings on Wednesday 3D Systems Co. (DDD) Expected to Earn Q1 2017 Earnings of $0.08 Per Share Goldman Sachs Group Inc Initiates Coverage on Infosys Ltd (INFY) Grupo Aeroportuario del Centro Nort (OMAB) Receives $90.50 Average Price Target from Analysts Posted by William Strong on Mar 6th, 2017 // No Comments Tweet Grupo Aeroportuario del Centro Nort (NASDAQ:OMAB) has received an average recommendation of “Hold” from the seven analysts that are covering the stock. Two analysts have rated the stock with a sell recommendation, two have assigned a hold recommendation and three have assigned a buy recommendation to the company. The average 1 year target price among brokers that have covered the stock in the last year is $132.00. A number of equities research analysts have issued reports on the stock. JPMorgan Chase & Co. upgraded shares of Grupo Aeroportuario del Centro Nort from a “neutral” rating to an “overweight” rating in a report on Friday. Zacks Investment Research cut shares of Grupo Aeroportuario del Centro Nort from a “hold” rating to a “strong sell” rating in a report on Thursday, February 23rd. Citigroup Inc upgraded shares of Grupo Aeroportuario del Centro Nort from a “neutral” rating to a “buy” rating in a report on Tuesday, January 24th. Scotiabank cut shares of Grupo Aeroportuario del Centro Nort from an “outperform” rating to a “sector perform” rating in a report on Friday, December 9th. Finally, Bank of America Corp cut shares of Grupo Aeroportuario del Centro Nort from a “neutral” rating to an “underperform” rating in a report on Wednesday, November 9th. A number of large investors have recently added to or reduced their stakes in OMAB. Renaissance Technologies LLC boosted its stake in Grupo Aeroportuario del Centro Nort by 57.5% in the fourth quarter. Renaissance Technologies LLC now owns 331,900 shares of the company’s stock worth $11,464,000 after buying an additional 121,200 shares during the period. Dynamic Technology Lab Private Ltd purchased a new stake in Grupo Aeroportuario del Centro Nort during the fourth quarter worth about $203,000. State Street Corp boosted its stake in Grupo Aeroportuario del Centro Nort by 41.2% in the fourth quarter. State Street Corp now owns 14,433 shares of the company’s stock valued at $499,000 after buying an additional 4,210 shares during the last quarter. Aberdeen Asset Management PLC UK boosted its stake in Grupo Aeroportuario del Centro Nort by 3.7% in the fourth quarter. Aberdeen Asset Management PLC UK now owns 2,810,462 shares of the company’s stock valued at $97,074,000 after buying an additional 100,600 shares during the last quarter. Finally, Russell Investments Group Ltd. bought a new stake in Grupo Aeroportuario del Centro Nort during the fourth quarter valued at $9,200,000. Institutional investors own 10.80% of the company’s stock. Grupo Aeroportuario del Centro Nort (NASDAQ:OMAB) opened at 39.95 on Monday. Grupo Aeroportuario del Centro Nort has a 12-month low of $30.05 and a 12-month high of $53.58. The company has a market capitalization of $1.97 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 23.01 and a beta of 0.98. The stock’s 50 day moving average price is $35.68 and its 200 day moving average price is $41.33. This story was originally published by Web Breaking News and is the sole property of of Web Breaking News. If you are accessing this story on another publication, it was illegally stolen and reposted in violation of U.S. and international copyright & trademark laws. The original version of this story can be accessed at http://www.webbreakingnews.com/2017/03/06/grupo-aeroportuario-del-centro-nort-omab-receives-90-50-average-price-target-from-analysts.html. Grupo Aeroportuario del Centro Nort Company Profile Grupo Aeroportuario del Centro Norte, SAB. de C.V. is a holding company. The Company, through its subsidiaries, holds concessions to operate, maintain and develop over 10 airports in Mexico. The Company’s segments include Metropolitan, Tourist, Regional, Border, Hotel and Other. The Company also engages in various commercial and diversification activities conducted at its airports, such as the leasing of space to restaurants and retailers, the operation of parking facilities, and the operation of the NH Terminal 2 Hotel and the Hilton Garden Inn Hotel at the Monterrey airport. Receive News & Ratings for Grupo Aeroportuario del Centro Nort Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Grupo Aeroportuario del Centro Nort and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter. « Previous Weyerhaeuser Co (WY) Position Lowered by Metropolitan Life Insurance Co. NY Next » FS Investment Co. (FSIC) Receives Consensus Recommendation of “Hold” from Analysts Latest News Nike Suspends Relationship with Maria Sharapova Rob Bironas Ex-Titans Kicker Dies in Car Crash Ron Washington Leaves Texas Rangers Due to an Affair Jonathan Dwyer Falls in Line with Other Banned NFL Players Tony Stewart Case Going to the Grand Jury Oscar Pistorius “Blade Runner” Found Not Guilty of Murder Leave a Reply Click here to cancel reply. Name (Required) Mail (will not be published) (Required) Website   Home Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Headlines Investing © 2006-2017 Web Breaking News.
News Americas UK World Europe Business Voices Comment Robert Fisk Mark Steel Grace Dent Holly Baxter Campaigns Editorials Letters Sports US sports Soccer Tennis Boxing Formula 1 WWE Culture Film TV Music Books Lifestyle Fashion Food + drink Travel Health + families Love + sex Tech Gaming Tech culture Tech news Daily Edition Subscribe for a free trial Read Now UK Edition US Edition Sign in Register Subscriptions News Election 2016 World US UK Europe People Science Health Business Voices Comment Robert Fisk Mark Steel Grace Dent Holly Baxter Campaigns Editorials Letters Sports US sports Soccer Cricket Tennis Boxing Formula 1 Culture Books Film TV Music Art Theatre & Dance Comedy Lifestyle Food & drink Health & families Love & sex Motoring Student Travel Fashion Tech Gaming Tech culture Tech news Video Explainer videos News videos People & culture videos Sport videos IndyBest Fashion & Beauty Homes & Design Food & Drink Gadgets & Tech Outdoor & Activity Arts & Books Travel Money Health insurance Investments Extras The Independent Books Puzzles indy100 Apps Ebooks iJobs Dating Follow us: We use cookies to enhance your visit to our site and to bring you advertisements that might interest you. Read our Privacy and Cookie Policies to find out more. News World Americas Donald Trump disassembles 90 federal state regulations in just over a month in White House The massive de-regulation effort is believed to be one of the most significant shifts in regulatory policy in decades   Chloe Farand Monday 6 March 2017 15:41 GMT Click to follow The Independent US US President Donald Trump Getty Donald Trump’s administration has managed to deconstruct no fewer than 90 state regulations during his short time in office.  Giant telecommunications companies will no longer have to take “reasonable measures” to protect their customers’ personal data from being stolen or accidentally released.  People with disabling mental health illnesses will no longer be prevented from buying handguns and Wall Street banks will not be punished for not collecting extra money from customers to cover losses from high-risk trades, which were in part responsible for the 2008 financial crash.  Read more Donald Trump the 'dealmaker' has met his match in Pyongyang Trump launches Irish ‘Make America Great Again’ hat – makes mistake Trump to sign new travel ban executive order today excluding Iraq Wall Street investors make $3 trillion since Trump’s election victory Congress responds angrily to Trump's request to investigate Obama These are some examples of the 90 regulations that have been delayed, suspended or reversed since Mr Trump’s inauguration, according to The New York Times, which compiled the data.  This massive de-regulation effort is believed to be one of the most significant shifts in regulatory policy in decades.  Less than 10 days after his inauguration, Mr Trump signed an executive order that sought to hack federal regulations by requiring agencies to cut two existing regulations for every new rule introduced.  The executive order is expected to prepare a process for the White House to set an annual cap on the cost of new regulations. But until the end of the 2017 fiscal year, the cap will require that the cost of any additional regulations be completely offset by undoing existing rules. White House chief strategist Stephen Bannon has previously said that one part of the work of the Trump administration was the “deconstruction of the administrative state”. The controversial orders Donald Trump has already issued 8 show all The controversial orders Donald Trump has already issued 1/8 Trump and the media White House Press Secretary Sean Spicer takes questions during the daily press briefing Getty Images 2/8 Trump and the Trans-Pacific Partnership Union leaders applaud US President Donald Trump for signing an executive order withdrawing the US from the Trans-Pacific Partnership negotiations during a meeting in the Roosevelt Room of the White House in Washington DC Getty 3/8 Trump and the Mexico wall People protest against US President Donald Trump's inauguration next to a fake wall with a Mexican national flag and a dummy representing him in Mexico City Getty Images 4/8 Trump and the Mexico wall A US Border Patrol vehicle sits waiting for illegal immigrants at a fence opening near the US-Mexico border near McAllen, Texas. The number of incoming immigrants has surged ahead of the upcoming Presidential inauguration of Donald Trump, who has pledged to build a wall along the US-Mexico border Getty Images 5/8 Trump and abortion US President Donald Trump signs an executive order as Chief of Staff Reince Priebus looks on in the Oval Office of the White House Getty Images 6/8 Trump and the Dakota Access pipeline Opponents of the Keystone XL and Dakota Access pipelines hold a rally as they protest US President Donald Trump's executive orders advancing their construction, at Columbus Circle in New York. US President Donald Trump signed executive orders reviving the construction of two controversial oil pipelines, but said the projects would be subject to renegotiation Getty Images 7/8 Trump and the Dakota Access pipeline US actress and political activist Jane Fonda attends a rally with opponents of the Keystone XL and Dakota Access pipelines as they protest US President Donald Trump's executive orders advancing their construction, at Columbus Circle in New York Getty Images 8/8 Trump and 'Obamacare' Nancy Pelosi who is the minority leader of the House of Representatives speaks beside House Democrats at an event to protect the Affordable Care Act in Los Angeles, California. The Republican-led US Senate has launched their much-anticipated effort to repeal the Affordable Care Act by passing a budget blueprint which would allow them to begin rolling back the health care reforms Getty Images The argument, which has been long held by the Republicans, is that state regulations burden American businesses and are a barrier for economic growth.  Corporate lobbyists and trade association executives are reportedly sending requests to the White House to get rid more regulations. Leading car manufacturers have reportedly asked to roll back an agreement to increase mileage standards.   Letters obtained by The New York Times also show that the pharmaceutical industry has called to overturn a regulation that tightens scrutiny over the marketing of prescription drugs for unapproved uses, .  One from the Business Roundtable, a conservative group of chief executives from major US companies said in a letter addressed to the White House that the "majority of these regulations directly and negatively impact economic growth." Chaired by the chief executive of JPMorgan Chase, Jamie Dimon, the group attached a "Top Regulations of Concern" list, along with recommendations to mitigate their impact. However, the group made it clear that it was "not proposing that all regulations on this list be repealed", but it said "some are so deficient they cannot easily be fixed.”   Environmentalists, unions and consumer watchdogs have warned of the dangers of slashing regulations, which they claim include pollution-induced disease, contaminated food, unsafe workplaces and shoddy financial practices.  World news in pictures 32 show all World news in pictures 1/32 5 March 2017 A member of the Tinstix of Dynamite aerobatics team flies in front of a wall of fire during the Australian International Airshow in Melbourne Getty Images 2/32 5 March 2017 A participant stretches on the beach before the start of an annual two-mile sea swimming competition in Colombo, Sri Lanka Reuters 3/32 5 March 2017 Participants jump into water during the annual two-mile sea swimming competition in Colombo, Sri Lanka Reuters 4/32 5 March 2017 Japan's Emperor Akihito and Empress Michiko wave to bid farewell as they depart for Thailand from Phu Bai International Airport in the central city of Hue, Vietnam, ending their six-day long visit to the country EPA 5/32 5 March 2017 Reconnaissance unmanned aerial vehicles (UAVs) on display indoors at the International Defence Exhibition in Iraq (IQDEX) 2017 Getty Images 6/32 5 March 2017 A participant presents hisr vintage vehicle during the 59th International Vintage Car Rally Barcelona-Sitges, at plaza Sant Jaume in Barcelona, Spain. Some 50 vintage vehicles take part in the two-day long event, through the coastal line of Mediterranean Sea from Barcelona to Sitges EPA 7/32 5 March 2017 Participants present their vintage cars during the 59th International Vintage Car Rally Barcelona-Sitges, at plaza Sant Jaume in Barcelona, Spain EPA 8/32 5 March 2017 New York Governor Mario Cuomo looks around the 'Hall of Names' in the Yad Vashem Holocaust Memorial in Jerusalem. The hall has portraits of some 600 individuals exterminated by the Nazis during the Holocaust of World War II EPA 9/32 5 March 2017 The Chinese police officers on self balancing police vehicles patrol in Tiananmen Square before the opening of the fifth Session of the 12th National People's Congress (NPC) outside the Great Hall of the People in Beijing, China EPA 10/32 5 March 2017 A general view shows the opening session of the National People's Congress, China's legislature, in Beijing's Great Hall of the People Getty Images 11/32 5 March 2017 Hostesses jump as they pose for a picture during the opening of the National People's Congress in Beijing Getty Images 12/32 5 March 2017 A picture taken in the Iraqi capital Bahgdad shows rocket launchers on display indoors at the International Defence Exhibition in Iraq (IQDEX) 2017 Getty Images 13/32 5 March 2017 A Pakistani army helicopter flies past floodlights as it patrols over The Gaddafi Cricket Stadium in Lahore, ahead of the final cricket match of the Pakistan Super League (PSL) between Quetta Gladiators and Peshawar Zalmi Getty Images 14/32 5 March 2017 A Buddhist devotee dashes barefoot through flames during the Nagatoro Hi-Matsuri, or fire walking festival, to herald the coming of spring, at the Fudoji temple in Nagatoro town, Saitama prefecture Getty Images 15/32 5 March 2017 A resident inspects their personal house belongings after a moderate earthquake hit the Surigao city, southern Philippines Reuters 16/32 5 March 2017 People with portraits of Soviet leader Joseph Stalin gather outside his museum in his native town of Gori, some 80 kms outside Tbilisi, on the 64th anniversary of Stalin's death. While historians blame Stalin for the deaths of millions in purges, prison camps and forced collectivization, many in Russia still praise him for leading the Soviet Union to victory over Nazi Germany in World War I Getty Images 17/32 5 March 2017 Head of Ukraine's tax and customs service Roman Nasirov, who is under investigation over the suspected embezzlement and who according to several unconfirmed local media reports recently suffered a heart attack, lies inside the defendant's cage during a court hearing in Kiev, Ukraine Reuters 18/32 4 March 2017 Flag bearer Jesslyn Swirka rides her horse down Harrison Avenue in Leadville, Colorado at the start of the 68th annual Leadville Ski Joring weekend competition in Leadville, Colorado. Skijoring, which has its origins as a competitive sport in Scandinavia, has been adapted over the years to include a team made up of a rider and skier who must navigate jumps, slalom gates, and the spearing of rings for points. Leadville, with an elevation of 10,152 feet (3,094 m), the highest incorporated city in North America, has been hosting skijoring competitions since 1949 Getty Images 19/32 4 March 2017 A rider races down Harrison Avenue while a skier navigates the course during the 68th annual Leadville Ski Joring weekend competition in Leadville, Colorado Getty Images 20/32 4 March 2017 A demonstrator in opposition of US President Donald Trump sets a hat on fire during a 'People 4 Trump' rally in Berkeley, California Reuters 21/32 4 March 2017 A demonstrator in support of US President Donald Trump swings a stick towards a group of counter-protesters during a 'People 4 Trump' rally in Berkeley, California Reuters 22/32 4 March 2017 A bloodied supporter of US President Donald Trump is seen after a 'People 4 Trump' rally and counter-protest turned violent in Berkeley, California Reuters 23/32 4 March 2017 Women take part in a performance to protest against the disappearance of the 43 students of Ayotzinapa College Raul Isidro Burgos in Guerrero, in Mexico City, Mexico Reuters 24/32 4 March 2017 A woman looks on as she takes part in a performance to protest against the disappearance of the 43 students of Ayotzinapa College Raul Isidro Burgos in Guerrero, in Mexico City, Mexico Reuters 25/32 4 March 2017 An Iraqi special forces soldier fires at a drone operated by Islamic State militants Islamic State militants in Mosul, Iraq Reuters 26/32 4 March 2017 A man cries while carrying his daughter as he walks from Islamic State controlled part of Mosul towards Iraqi special forces soldiers during a battle in Mosul, Iraq Reuters 27/32 4 March 2017 Iraqi special forces soldiers walk in a street in Mosul, Iraq Reuters 28/32 4 March 2017 An Iraqi special forces soldier helps a family carry their child to cross from Islamic State controlled part of Mosul to Iraqi forces controlled part of Mosul, Iraq Reuters 29/32 4 March 2017 A man looks towards a Russian helicopter as it flies over ruins in the historic city of Palmyra, Syria Reuters 30/32 2 March 2017 Policemen and a passerby look at pictures of the ones killed due to alleged involvement in illegal drugs, during a protest against extra-judicial killings at an open area of a Roman Catholic Church in Paranaque city, metro Manila, Philippines Reuters 31/32 2 March 2017 Families with slain loved ones who they say were killed due to alleged involvement in illegal drugs, weep during a Holy Eucharist mass against extra-judicial killings (EJK) inside a Roman Catholic Church in Paranaque city, metro Manila, Philippines Reuters 32/32 2 March 2017 People hold photos of their family members, who they say were killed due to their alleged involvement in illegal drugs, during a protest against extra-judicial killings (EJK) while marching in an open area of a Roman Catholic Church in Paranaque city, metro Manila, Philippines Reuters In a letter signed by 137 organisations, interest groups warned President Trump that regulation benefited Americans by providing them with safeguards to preserve human health, safety, financial stability, quality of life and combat discrimination.  “The benefits of regulations are the reasons that we have them," their letter said. “Americans do not vote to be exposed to more health, safety, environmental and financial dangers, yet this is precisely the effect that your executive order would have, if implemented."  Mr Trump's administration has nonetheless continued to deregulate, approving the lifting of rules on coal mining, oil and gas exploration and a rule aimed at protecting drinking water from pollution.  The US President has also instructed the Environmental Protection Agency to review a rule that could allow draining of wetlands and streams.  During his joint address to Congress last week, Mr Trump said: “We have undertaken a historic effort to massively reduce job crushing regulations, creating a deregulation task force inside of every Government agency.”  More about: Donald Trump regulations Reuse content Comments Most Popular Video Sponsored Features Follow us: User Policies Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Code of Conduct Complaint Form Contact Us Contributors All Topics Archive Newsletters Jobs Subscriptions Advertising Guide Syndication Evening Standard Novaya Gazeta Install our Apps Close We've noticed that you are using an ad blocker. Advertising helps fund our journalism and keep it truly independent. It helps to build our international editorial team, from war correspondents to investigative reporters, commentators to critics. Click here to view instructions on how to disable your ad blocker, and help us to keep providing you with free-thinking journalism - for free. Thank you for your support. How to disable your ad blocker for independent.co.uk Adblock / Adblock Plus Click the Adblock/Adblock Plus icon, which is to the right of your address bar. On Adblock click "Don't run on pages on this domain". On Adblock Plus click "Enabled on this site" to disable ad blocking for the current website you are on. If you are in Firefox click "disable on independent.co.uk". Firefox Tracking Protection If you are Private Browsing in Firefox, "Tracking Protection" may cause the adblock notice to show. It can be temporarily disabled by clicking the "shield" icon in the address bar. Ghostery Click the Ghostery icon. In versions before 6.0 click "whitelist site". In version 6.0 click "trust site" or add independent.co.uk to your Trusted Site list. In versions before 6.0 you will see the message "Site is whitelisted". Click "reload the page to see your changes". uBlock Click the uBlock icon. Then click the big power button to whitelist the current web site, and its state will be remembered next time you visit the web site. Then reload the page. Close Thank you for supporting independent.co.uk Continue to our site
Home About/Contact US Privacy Policy Staff Daily Email Updates Headlines Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Investing Volvo AB - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Volvo AB with our FREE daily email newsletter: Recent Posts Canadian Apartment Properties REIT (CAR.UN) Price Target Raised to C$36.00 Bank of Montreal (BMO) Price Target Raised to C$110.00 CIBC Boosts Avigilon Corp (AVO) Price Target to C$18.00 Investment Analysts’ Recent Ratings Updates for Pure Storage (PSTG) Enzymotec Ltd (ENZY) Receives Consensus Rating of “Hold” from Brokerages Daimler AG (DDAIF) Given $74.94 Average Target Price by Analysts Zacks: Analysts Set $1.50 Price Target for UQM Technologies Inc (UQM) Tucows Inc. (TCX) Receives Average Rating of “Hold” from Brokerages Zacks: Arotech Co. (ARTX) Given $4.50 Consensus Target Price by Analysts Bernard D. Berman Purchases 15,000 Shares of Fifth Street Finance Corp. (FSC) Stock Thomas L. Carter, Jr. Purchases 14,000 Shares of Black Stone Minerals LP (BSM) Stock Cotiviti Holdings Inc (COTV) Now Covered by Raymond James Financial, Inc. Canadian Western Bank (CWB) Stock Rating Upgraded by CIBC Cipher Pharmaceuticals Inc (CPH) Rating Reiterated by TD Securities Senior plc (SNR) Given “Neutral” Rating at JPMorgan Chase & Co. Barratt Developments Plc (BDEV) Receives Sell Rating from Liberum Capital WesBanco Inc (WSBC) to Issue Quarterly Dividend of $0.26 on April 1st Research Frontiers, Inc. (REFR) Set to Announce Earnings on Wednesday 3D Systems Co. (DDD) Expected to Earn Q1 2017 Earnings of $0.08 Per Share Goldman Sachs Group Inc Initiates Coverage on Infosys Ltd (INFY) Volvo AB (VOLVY) Given Consensus Rating of “Hold” by Brokerages Posted by Dave Schultz on Mar 6th, 2017 // No Comments Tweet Shares of Volvo AB (OTCMKTS:VOLVY) have earned an average recommendation of “Hold” from the six brokerages that are presently covering the company. Two equities research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating and four have assigned a hold rating to the company. A number of brokerages recently issued reports on VOLVY. JPMorgan Chase & Co. upgraded shares of Volvo AB from an “underweight” rating to a “neutral” rating in a research report on Thursday, February 2nd. Goldman Sachs Group Inc cut shares of Volvo AB from a “neutral” rating to a “sell” rating in a research report on Tuesday, November 22nd. Shares of Volvo AB (OTCMKTS:VOLVY) opened at 8.72 on Monday. Volvo AB has a 12-month low of $8.59 and a 12-month high of $13.91. The company has a 50 day moving average of $9.55 and a 200-day moving average of $10.76. “Volvo AB (VOLVY) Given Consensus Rating of “Hold” by Brokerages” was originally reported by Web Breaking News and is the sole property of of Web Breaking News. If you are viewing this piece of content on another domain, it was illegally copied and reposted in violation of US & international copyright and trademark law. The legal version of this piece of content can be read at http://www.webbreakingnews.com/2017/03/06/volvo-ab-volvy-given-consensus-rating-of-hold-by-brokerages.html. Volvo AB Company Profile Volvo AB is the parent company of the Volvo Group. The Volvo Group is a manufacturer of trucks, buses, construction equipment, and marine and industrial engines. The Volvo Group also provides solutions for financing and service. It operates through six segments: Trucks, Construction Equipment, Buses, Volvo Penta, Governmental Sales and Customer Finance. Receive News & Ratings for Volvo AB Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Volvo AB and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter. « Previous Cheniere Energy, Inc. (LNG) Receives Average Recommendation of “Buy” from Brokerages Next » Yara International ASA (YARIY) Given Average Recommendation of “Hold” by Analysts Latest News Nike Suspends Relationship with Maria Sharapova Rob Bironas Ex-Titans Kicker Dies in Car Crash Ron Washington Leaves Texas Rangers Due to an Affair Jonathan Dwyer Falls in Line with Other Banned NFL Players Tony Stewart Case Going to the Grand Jury Oscar Pistorius “Blade Runner” Found Not Guilty of Murder Leave a Reply Click here to cancel reply. Name (Required) Mail (will not be published) (Required) Website   Home Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Headlines Investing © 2006-2017 Web Breaking News.
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Spark Therapeutics Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Spark Therapeutics Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Carrols Restaurant Group, Inc. (TAST) PT Lowered to $17.00 United Continental Holdings Inc (UAL) Rating Reiterated by Sanford C. Bernstein Zacks Investment Research Downgrades CyberOptics Co. (CYBE) to Sell The Coca-Cola Co (KO) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Sanford C. Bernstein PepsiCo, Inc. (PEP) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Sanford C. Bernstein Endeavour Silver Corp Expected to Earn Q1 2017 Earnings of $0.01 Per Share (EXK) GCP Applied Technologies Inc. (GCP) Expected to Earn Q1 2017 Earnings of $0.29 Per Share Patheon NV (PTHN) Given Average Recommendation of “Buy” by Brokerages IMPINJ Inc (PI) Receives $33.86 Consensus Target Price from Brokerages Outfront Media Inc (OUT) to Issue Quarterly Dividend of $0.36 on March 31st Haverty Furniture Companies, Inc. (HVT) to Issue Quarterly Dividend of $0.12 on March 29th SEGRO plc (SGRO) Price Target Increased to GBX 500 by Analysts at HSBC Holdings plc Palo Alto Networks Inc (PANW) Downgraded to “Neutral” at Robert W. Baird South32 Ltd (S32) Upgraded by HSBC Holdings plc to Buy Zacks Investment Research Upgrades Liquidity Services, Inc. (LQDT) to Hold Barclays PLC Reiterates “Equal weight” Rating for Go-Ahead Group plc (GOG) Interserve plc (IRV) PT Lowered to GBX 300 at Jefferies Group LLC BT Group plc (BT) Earns “Sell” Rating from Deutsche Bank AG IBERIABANK Corp (IBKC) to Post Q1 2017 Earnings of $0.99 Per Share, SunTrust Banks Forecasts KCAP Financial Inc (KCAP) Set to Announce Earnings on Wednesday Analysts’ Weekly Ratings Updates for Spark Therapeutics (ONCE) March 6th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Trevor Kearing Filed Under: Analyst Articles - Company Sum - Finance Tweet Several analysts have recently updated their ratings and price targets for Spark Therapeutics (NASDAQ: ONCE): 2/28/2017 – Spark Therapeutics was downgraded by analysts at Vetr from a “strong-buy” rating to a “buy” rating. They now have a $70.50 price target on the stock. 2/23/2017 – Spark Therapeutics had its price target raised by analysts at Stifel Nicolaus from $73.00 to $76.00. They now have a “buy” rating on the stock. 2/23/2017 – Spark Therapeutics had its “buy” rating reaffirmed by analysts at Cantor Fitzgerald. They now have a $94.00 price target on the stock. They wrote, “2017 – Year of First Gene Therapy Approval in U.S.? Management reiterated its confidence in filing its rolling BLA in early 2017, and highlighted that the company has completed the necessary manufacturing runs to support its submission. Outstanding items for the filing include finalization of stability testing and CMC module write-up. We believe the timing of the filing could lead to the first approved gene therapy in the U.S. this year and remind investors that the FDA previously amended its granted orphan designation for voretigene neparvovec to cover inherited retinal diseases caused by biallelic RPE65 mutations.”” 2/22/2017 – Spark Therapeutics was given a new $82.00 price target on by analysts at JPMorgan Chase & Co.. They now have a “buy” rating on the stock. 2/22/2017 – Spark Therapeutics was given a new $75.00 price target on by analysts at Cowen and Company. They now have a “buy” rating on the stock. 2/22/2017 – Spark Therapeutics was given a new $59.00 price target on by analysts at Jefferies Group LLC. They now have a “hold” rating on the stock. 2/22/2017 – Spark Therapeutics had its “underperform” rating reaffirmed by analysts at Wedbush. They now have a $28.00 price target on the stock. 2/22/2017 – Spark Therapeutics was upgraded by analysts at Vetr from a “buy” rating to a “strong-buy” rating. They now have a $70.50 price target on the stock. 2/9/2017 – Spark Therapeutics is now covered by analysts at Leerink Swann. They set an “outperform” rating and a $85.00 price target on the stock. 1/14/2017 – Spark Therapeutics was downgraded by analysts at Zacks Investment Research from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating. According to Zacks, “Spark Therapeutics, Inc. offers gene therapy. The Company’s product candidate consist of SPK-RPE65, SPK-CHM, SPK-FIX which are in different clinical phases, for the treatment of additional blinding conditions, hematologic disorders and neurodegenerative diseases. Spark Therapeutics, Inc. is based in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. “ 1/10/2017 – Spark Therapeutics was downgraded by analysts at Vetr from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating. They now have a $62.50 price target on the stock. 1/10/2017 – Spark Therapeutics had its “hold” rating reaffirmed by analysts at Jefferies Group LLC. They now have a $57.00 price target on the stock. 1/5/2017 – Spark Therapeutics was upgraded by analysts at Zacks Investment Research from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating. They now have a $60.00 price target on the stock. According to Zacks, “Spark Therapeutics, Inc. offers gene therapy. The Company’s product candidate consist of SPK-RPE65, SPK-CHM, SPK-FIX which are in different clinical phases, for the treatment of additional blinding conditions, hematologic disorders and neurodegenerative diseases. Spark Therapeutics, Inc. is based in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. “ Shares of Spark Therapeutics Inc (NASDAQ:ONCE) opened at 63.36 on Monday. The firm’s market capitalization is $1.97 billion. The company’s 50-day moving average is $61.61 and its 200 day moving average is $57.15. Spark Therapeutics Inc has a 52-week low of $28.38 and a 52-week high of $65.99. Spark Therapeutics (NASDAQ:ONCE) last released its quarterly earnings data on Wednesday, February 22nd. The company reported ($1.21) EPS for the quarter, missing the consensus estimate of ($1.12) by $0.09. Spark Therapeutics had a negative return on equity of 28.28% and a negative net margin of 441.05%. During the same quarter in the previous year, the business earned ($0.22) earnings per share. Equities analysts expect that Spark Therapeutics Inc will post ($5.22) earnings per share for the current fiscal year. In related news, Director Anand Mehra sold 349,656 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction dated Friday, December 16th. The shares were sold at an average price of $53.46, for a total value of $18,692,609.76. The transaction was disclosed in a document filed with the SEC, which is available through this link. Also, insider Barge Joseph La sold 3,000 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction dated Thursday, December 15th. The stock was sold at an average price of $52.98, for a total transaction of $158,940.00. Following the completion of the sale, the insider now owns 8,325 shares in the company, valued at $441,058.50. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Insiders sold a total of 692,707 shares of company stock worth $39,753,042 over the last quarter. Insiders own 9.60% of the company’s stock. Spark Therapeutics, Inc (Spark) is engaged in developing products in the field of gene therapy. The Company focuses on treating orphan diseases. It has a pipeline of product candidates targeting multiple rare blinding conditions, hematologic disorders and neurodegenerative diseases. Its SPK-RPE65 (voretigene neparvovec) targets genetic blinding conditions known as inherited retinal dystrophies (IRDs). Receive News & Ratings for Spark Therapeutics Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Spark Therapeutics Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News New Travel Ban by President Trump Could be Announced Monday Hackers Accessed Private Email of Mike Pence While He Was Governor President Trump’s First Address Optimistic Trump Asking for Steep Increases in Spending for Military President Trump Wants the Largest Nuclear Arsenal © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance UDR Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for UDR Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Beigene Ltd (BGNE) CEO Sells $4,459,149.09 in Stock Sempra Energy (SRE) Director Sells $544,600.00 in Stock Axalta Coating Systems Ltd (AXTA) CFO Sells $518,873.70 in Stock DA Davidson Begins Coverage on WesBanco Inc (WSBC) Research Analysts’ Recent Ratings Updates for Priceline Group (PCLN) Amedisys (AMED) – Investment Analysts’ Weekly Ratings Updates Canadian Pacific Railway Limited (CP) Earns Outperform Rating from Credit Suisse Group AG Insider Buying: Air T, Inc. (AIRT) CEO Purchases 500 Shares of Stock Eyegate Pharmaceuticals Inc (EYEG) Director Morton Goldberg Sells 8,919 Shares Genie Energy Ltd. (GNE) Director James A. Courter Sells 5,000 Shares Insider Selling: Enterprise Products Partners L.P. (EPD) Insider Sells 15,000 Shares of Stock Ascena Retail Group Inc (ASNA) Issues FY17 Earnings Guidance Goldman Sachs Group Inc Reaffirms Neutral Rating for General Motors Company (GM) Korn/Ferry International (KFY) Posts Earnings Results Marvell Technology Group Ltd. (MRVL) Price Target Increased to $17.00 by Analysts at Benchmark Co. Immersion Co. (IMMR) Lowered to “Hold” at Craig Hallum Autodesk, Inc. (ADSK) Price Target Raised to $99.00 at Griffin Securities Marcus Corp (MCS) – Analysts’ Weekly Ratings Changes Saga Communications, Inc. to Issue Quarterly Dividend of $0.30 (SGA) Alphabet Inc (GOOGL) Given “Outperform” Rating at BMO Capital Markets UDR, Inc. (UDR) Updates Q1 Earnings Guidance March 6th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Stacy Sanders Filed Under: Finance - Guidance Articles Tweet UDR, Inc. (NYSE:UDR) issued an update on its first quarter earnings guidance on Monday morning. The company provided EPS guidance of $0.44-0.46 for the period, compared to the Thomson Reuters consensus EPS estimate of $0.45. UDR also updated its FY17 guidance to $1.83-1.87 EPS. Shares of UDR, Inc. (NYSE:UDR) opened at 35.90 on Monday. UDR, Inc. has a 52 week low of $32.79 and a 52 week high of $38.61. The stock has a 50 day moving average price of $35.57 and a 200-day moving average price of $35.09. The stock has a market cap of $9.60 billion, a P/E ratio of 33.24 and a beta of 0.34. UDR (NYSE:UDR) last posted its earnings results on Monday, January 30th. The real estate investment trust reported $0.46 EPS for the quarter, topping the Zacks’ consensus estimate of $0.10 by $0.36. UDR had a return on equity of 9.96% and a net margin of 30.52%. The business had revenue of $243.10 million for the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $242.05 million. During the same quarter in the previous year, the firm earned $0.62 earnings per share. The business’s revenue was up 2.3% compared to the same quarter last year. Equities analysts predict that UDR, Inc. will post $0.31 EPS for the current fiscal year. A number of analysts have recently commented on UDR shares. JPMorgan Chase & Co. reiterated a buy rating and set a $40.00 target price on shares of UDR in a research report on Wednesday, November 16th. SunTrust Banks, Inc. upgraded UDR from a hold rating to a buy rating and set a $40.00 target price on the stock in a research report on Thursday, January 19th. Evercore ISI upgraded UDR from a hold rating to a buy rating and set a $38.00 target price on the stock in a research report on Monday, November 28th. BMO Capital Markets reiterated a hold rating and set a $35.00 target price on shares of UDR in a research report on Monday, January 30th. Finally, Morgan Stanley cut UDR from an equal weight rating to an underweight rating in a research report on Monday, December 12th. Three equities research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, five have issued a hold rating and five have issued a buy rating to the company’s stock. The company currently has a consensus rating of Hold and an average price target of $38.33. In related news, SVP Harry G. Alcock sold 7,082 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction dated Wednesday, December 21st. The stock was sold at an average price of $36.00, for a total transaction of $254,952.00. Following the transaction, the senior vice president now owns 113,063 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $4,070,268. The transaction was disclosed in a filing with the SEC, which is accessible through this link. Also, insider Warren L. Troupe sold 15,000 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction dated Tuesday, January 3rd. The stock was sold at an average price of $36.15, for a total value of $542,250.00. Following the transaction, the insider now directly owns 538,422 shares in the company, valued at approximately $19,463,955.30. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Company insiders own 2.79% of the company’s stock. “UDR, Inc. (UDR) Updates Q1 Earnings Guidance” was originally published by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are viewing this report on another domain, it was illegally copied and republished in violation of U.S. & international copyright law. The original version of this report can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/03/06/udr-inc-udr-updates-q1-earnings-guidance.html. UDR Company Profile UDR, Inc is a real estate investment trust. The Company owns, operates, acquires, renovates, develops, redevelops and manages multifamily apartment communities generally located in various markets across the United States. The Company operates through two segments: Same-Store Communities and Non-Mature Communities/Other. Receive News & Ratings for UDR Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for UDR Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News New Travel Ban by President Trump Could be Announced Monday Hackers Accessed Private Email of Mike Pence While He Was Governor President Trump’s First Address Optimistic Trump Asking for Steep Increases in Spending for Military President Trump Wants the Largest Nuclear Arsenal © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
For more local news from India, visit Bloombergquint.com Bloomberg the Company & Its ProductsBloomberg Anywhere Remote LoginBloomberg Anywhere LoginBloomberg Terminal Demo Request Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Philanthropy & Engagement Bloomberg London Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Philanthropy & Engagement Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Bloomberg London Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Advertising Bloomberg Media Distribution Bloomberg Live Conferences Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center MENU Homepage Markets Stocks Currencies Commodities Rates + Bonds Economics Magazine Benchmark Watchlist Economic Calendar Tech U.S. Global Startups Cybersecurity Digital Media Bloomberg Technology TV Hello World Studio 1.0 Pursuits Cars & Bikes Style & Grooming Spend Watches & Gadgets Food & Drinks Travel Real Estate Art & Design Politics Global Risk Briefing How We’ll Know if Trump Is Making America Great Again Tracking Trump’s Web of Conflicts The Inauguration of Donald J. Trump On the March in Trump’s Capital Opinion View Gadfly Businessweek Subscribe Cover Stories Opening Remarks Etc Features 85th Anniversary Issue Behind The Cover More Science + Energy Graphics Billionaires Game Plan Small Business Personal Finance Live TV Inspire GO The David Rubenstein Show Sponsored Content Bloomberg About The Company Sign In Sign In Subscribe March Fed Hike 'Relatively Locked In,' Says Hubbard Tillerson Says Trump Ban Is Vital Measure to Protect U.S. Barney Frank Says TPP Was a Mistake JPMorgan Economist Explains Why He Changed His Fed Call Trump's White House Demands Obama Wiretap Probe Deutsche Bank CEO Says There Will Be Job Cuts in Germany New Trump Travel Ban Targets Six Mostly Muslim Countries GM President Ammann Says Opel Deal All About Scale Deutsche Bank CEO John Cryan Tries a New Strategy Is Snap a Choice Between Growth and Engagement? GE Africa CEO on Trump, Trade, and GE's Transformation March Fed Hike 'Relatively Locked In,' Says Hubbard 8:57 AM EST March 6, 2017 Share on FacebookShare on Twitter Share on LinkedInShare on RedditShare on Google+E-mailShare on TwitterShare on WhatsApp Columbia Business School Dean Glenn Hubbard discusses the potential for a Federal Reserve rate hike at the March meeting as he sees normalization as "entirely appropriate." Edward Alden, senior fellow at Council on Foreign Relations, joins the conversation on "Bloomberg Surveillance." (Source: Bloomberg) Most Recent Videos Russell Strategist Prefers European, Japanese Stocks Plosser Is Concerned Reforms May Make Fed More Political Full Show: Surveillance (03/06) TD's Misra Says March Hike Creates Optionality for Fed March Fed Hike 'Relatively Locked In,' Says Hubbard March 6, 2017 RBS Chairman Davies Sees Nothing to Alarm Markets 38:41 - Howard Davies, chairman at RBS, offers his thoughts on how the Trump administration, the Federal Reserve, and China impact global markets. He speaks with Bloomberg's Francine Lacqua on "Bloomberg Surveillance." (Source: Bloomberg) March 6, 2017 BMO's Gallo Sees Three 2017 Fed Moves in 'Hawkish Hike' March 3, 2017 Full Show: Bloomberg Real Yield (03/03) March 3, 2017 Full Show: Bloomberg Daybreak: Americas (03/03) Federal Reserve Terms of Service Trademarks Privacy Policy ©2017 Bloomberg L.P. All Rights Reserved Careers Made in NYC Advertise Ad Choices Website Feedback Help
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Deutsche Bank AG - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Deutsche Bank AG with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Scotiabank Reiterates Outperform Rating for Advantage Oil & Gas Ltd. (AAV) Raymond James Financial, Inc. Raises Canadian Apartment Properties REIT (CAR.UN) Price Target to C$35.00 Bank of Nova Scotia (BNS) PT Raised to C$86.00 at Desjardins Scotiabank Boosts Avigilon Corp (AVO) Price Target to C$16.00 LPL Financial Holdings Inc (lpla) to Issue Quarterly Dividend of $0.25 on March 24th Brokers Issue Forecasts for Babcock & Wilcox Enterprises Inc’s Q1 2017 Earnings (BW) Ideal Power Inc. (IPWR) Insider Buys $19,812.00 in Stock Cameco Corp (CCO) Director James Allan Dobchuk Buys 1,470 Shares Fossil Group Inc (FOSL) PT Lowered to $12.00 TD Securities Reiterates “Buy” Rating for Cascades Inc (CAS) Edge Therapeutics Inc (EDGE) Rating Reiterated by Leerink Swann Beaufort Securities Reaffirms “Speculative Buy” Rating for Amryt Pharma PLC (AMYT) Tritax Big Box REIT PLC (BBOX) Receives “Hold” Rating from Liberum Capital Deutsche Bank AG Boosts G4S plc (GFS) Price Target to GBX 230 Old Line Bancshares, Inc. (MD) (olbk) To Go Ex-Dividend on March 8th Pernix Therapeutics Holdings Inc (PTX) Scheduled to Post Earnings on Wednesday Savanna Energy Services Corp. (SVY) Scheduled to Post Earnings on Wednesday William Blair Analysts Increase Earnings Estimates for 3D Systems Co. (DDD) Carrols Restaurant Group, Inc. (TAST) PT Lowered to $17.00 United Continental Holdings Inc (UAL) Rating Reiterated by Sanford C. Bernstein Goldman Sachs Group Inc Analysts Give Deutsche Bank AG (DBK) a €18.40 Price Target March 6th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Latisha Jones Filed Under: Analyst Articles - Europe - Finance Tweet Deutsche Bank AG (FRA:DBK) has been given a €18.40 ($19.57) price target by analysts at Goldman Sachs Group Inc in a research note issued to investors on Monday. The brokerage currently has a “neutral” rating on the stock. A number of other research analysts have also recently issued reports on DBK. Societe Generale set a €11.00 ($11.70) target price on Deutsche Bank AG and gave the company a “sell” rating in a research report on Monday. equinet AG set a €22.00 ($23.40) price target on Deutsche Bank AG and gave the stock a “buy” rating in a report on Monday. JPMorgan Chase & Co. set a €17.00 ($18.09) price target on Deutsche Bank AG and gave the stock a “neutral” rating in a report on Monday. RBC Capital Markets set a €17.00 ($18.09) price target on Deutsche Bank AG and gave the stock a “neutral” rating in a report on Monday. Finally, S&P Global set a €21.00 ($22.34) price target on Deutsche Bank AG and gave the stock a “neutral” rating in a report on Monday. Nine research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, twelve have assigned a hold rating and three have given a buy rating to the company. The stock presently has a consensus rating of “Hold” and an average target price of €16.54 ($17.60). Shares of Deutsche Bank AG (FRA:DBK) opened at 18.085 on Monday. The firm’s market capitalization is €24.94 billion. The company has a 50 day moving average of €18.29 and a 200-day moving average of €15.03. Deutsche Bank AG has a 12 month low of €9.91 and a 12 month high of €19.95. This story was originally reported by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are viewing this story on another domain, it was illegally copied and republished in violation of US and international trademark and copyright law. The legal version of this story can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/03/06/goldman-sachs-group-inc-analysts-give-deutsche-bank-ag-dbk-a-18-40-price-target.html. About Deutsche Bank AG Deutsche Bank AG is a Germany-based global investment bank. The Company diversifies its activities into three group divisions: Corporate & Investment Bank (CIB); Private Clients and Asset Management (PCAM), and Corporate Investments (CI). The Corporate & Investment Bank group division comprises corporate banking and securities activities and is divided into Corporate Banking & Securities (CB&S), comprising Markets and Corporate Finance businesses, and Global Transaction Banking (GTB) corporate divisions. Receive News & Ratings for Deutsche Bank AG Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Deutsche Bank AG and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News New Travel Ban by President Trump Could be Announced Monday Hackers Accessed Private Email of Mike Pence While He Was Governor President Trump’s First Address Optimistic Trump Asking for Steep Increases in Spending for Military President Trump Wants the Largest Nuclear Arsenal © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Sections Here Is The City Financial Markets Football Business Sport Scores & Fixtures Tables Teams Video SEARCH HITC FINANCIAL MARKETS FOOTBALL ABOUT US HITC Here Is The City on Facebook HITC Here Is The City on Google + HITC Here Is The City on Twitter Email HITC Business on Facebook HITC Business on Google + HITC Business on Twitter Email HITC Business on Facebook HITC Business on Google + HITC Business on Twitter Email Home Financial Markets Football Home Careers Home Scores & Fixtures Tables Teams Video Our Team Contact Us Advertising Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Subscription Options Jobs @ HITC Here's what Snap's Wall Street underwriters made off the IPO CNBC @CNBC2 hours ago CNBC @CNBC2 hours ago                                                                               Lead underwriter Morgan Stanley came out on top, with $25.71 million in fees, according to CNBC analysis of SEC filings. Wall Street banks made about $85 million in fees on Snap 's giant IPO, with Morgan Stanley and Goldman Sachs taking the lion's share. According to SEC filings, lead underwriter Morgan Stanley got 60 million Snap shares, or, 30.2 percent of the shares given to underwriters — which would mean $25.71 million in fees, the biggest cut of any bank. The second biggest —Goldman — sold nearly 50 million shares, or 24.8 percent, amounting to about $21.08 million. Other big chunks went to JPMorgan and Deutsche Bank, while a slew of more than 20 other banks sold slivers, each less than 10 percent. (Some of these banks could also have been paid additional fees that haven't yet been disclosed.) Here's how it works: A group of banks work with Snap and potential early IPO buyers -- mainly large institutional investors -- to figure how how many shares they'll be able to sell at what price. The banks keep a percentage of the total amount raised, and give the rest to Snap. That percentage is subject to negotiation. Snap's $3.4 billion IPO raised more than twice as much as every 2016 venture-backed tech IPO combined, according to Renaissance Capital. But the 2.5 percent underwriting fee for the banks could be the third-lowest ever for a major technology offering, the Wall Street Journal reported earlier this year. Snap's IPO underwriters had a difficult task, Recode reports: They wanted to make sure the IPO price was not too high or too low before it hit the public market, as early investors and founders of the company wanted a fair deal. Here are the banks that underwrote the IPO, and the number of shares they received. Correction: This story originally misstated the way IPO underwriting works. — Reporting by CNBC's Dawn Giel And the Best Place to Work in the global financial markets 2016 is... CNBC More articles from CNBC @CNBC CNBC is the recognized world leader in business news, providing real-time financial market coverage and business information to nearly 800 million homes worldwide, with headquarters on 3 continents and 20 bureaus around the globe. Award-winning journalists provide content on TV as well as online - where cnbc.com is the #1 non-portal business and news website. Our goal is for our consumers to Capitalize on CNBC - to increase their knowledge and profit from it. We want to make them the smartest people in the room; keep them ahead of the curve; make them members of an elite club. CNBC. First in Business Worldwide. Register for Financial Markets News Alerts  Comments Show Comments About Us   |   Advertising   |   Our Team   |   Privacy Policy   |   Terms & Conditions   |   Review Policy   |   Subscription Options   |   Syndication   |   Jobs @ HITC   |   Contact Us © 2017 Entrepreneur Limited an advertisement
X Edition: United States Business Business Home Legal Deals Aerospace & Defense Finance Autos Reuters Summits ADventures Data Dive Markets Markets Home U.S. Markets European Markets Asian Markets Global Market Data Stocks Bonds Currencies Commodities Futures Funds Earnings Dividends World World Home U.S. Special Reports Reuters Investigates Euro Zone Middle East China Japan Mexico Brazil Africa Russia India Politics Politics Home Polling Explorer Live: Trump's First 100 Days Supreme Court Tech Technology Home Science Top 100 Global Innovators Media Environment Innovation Commentary Commentary Home Podcasts Breakingviews Breakingviews Home Breakingviews Video Money Money Home Retirement Lipper Awards Analyst Research Stock Screener Fund Screener Life Health Sports Arts Entertainment Oddly Enough Pictures Pictures Home The Wider Image Photographers Focus 360 Video Banks come in from the cold for hedge funds Africa América Latina عربي Argentina Brasil Canada 中国 Deutschland España France India Italia 日本 México РОССИЯ United Kingdom United States Money | Mon Mar 6, 2017 | 8:17am EST Banks come in from the cold for hedge funds A trader works on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE) in New York, U.S., March 1, 2017. REUTERS/Brendan McDermid By Maiya Keidan and Svea Herbst-Bayliss | LONDON/BOSTON LONDON/BOSTON Bank stocks are back in vogue for hedge funds, which have shunned the industry over the past seven years due to a squeeze on banks' profitability from low interest rates and because of their opaque balance sheets. The election of U.S. President Donald Trump has already tempted some hedge funds back into bank stocks to raise their bets on deregulation and interest rate rises in the United States, which could help banks to earn higher returns on deposits. "I think people are overweighting," Hilmi Unver, partner at hedge fund investor Notz Stucki Group, said. "Financials should benefit from interest rates going up." He also said Trump was pro deregulation, which would benefit U.S. banks. Banks made up five of the 50 stocks most commonly in the top ten holdings of hedge funds at the start of 2017, the largest portion since 2013, data from Goldman Sachs showed. Among the top five stocks were Bank of America Corp, JPMorgan Chase & Co, Wells Fargo & Co, Citigroup and Citizens Financial Group. Globally, institutional investor appetite for hedge funds buying bank stocks has risen in January to its highest level since 1999, estimated at 16.4 percent, up from 13.9 percent in December 2016, according to preliminary data from industry tracker Blue Lion Research. Many managers favor U.S. banks stocks, but some hedge funds are also trickling into European banks even though some of these lenders are still dealing with fallout from the 2008 financial crisis and now face uncertainty from upcoming elections. "European banks trade at almost half the valuation of U.S. banks and I think the political risk is overstated ... a lot of people are on the sidelines," said one London-based hedge fund manager who started adding European banks to his portfolio in January. "The big money will be made by buying these things now." “One of our biggest long positions is Credit Suisse," Lars Franstedt, chief investment officer and partner at $150 million Madrague Capital Partners, said. "We believe that it’s one of the best ways to play long in the financial industry." Said Haidar, president and chief executive officer at $313 million Haidar Capital Management, which is long banks globally, also said European banks looked cheap. Low and even negative interest rates in Europe have made it difficult for banks to generate profits on deposits, depressing their shares, which has kept many hedge funds away. But banks' profits could improve now interest rates are on the rise in the United States and ultimately could rise in Europe too. "In Europe, where banks trade at steep discounts to book (value), steeper curves, the coming end to quantitative easing followed by rate hikes in late 2018 or early 2019 should bolster results," Haidar said. Wellington Management’s hedge fund Bay Pond Partners, a fund which focuses on the financial sector in general, has benefited from a strong move in bank stocks. After losing 7.1 percent in 2016, the fund gained 6.4 percent in January, several people familiar with the fund’s performance said. Representatives for the fund were not immediately available to comment. U.S. hedge fund manager Dan Loeb shifted his focus to banks, he wrote in an investor letter on Wednesday, with the sector now making up 11.8 percent of his $15 billion fund, up from 4.4 percent on Nov. 8. Before the financial crisis, many hedge funds reaped big rewards from a bull market in banks between 2005 and 2007. They then took short positions on banks between mid-2007 and 2009, betting on falling share prices. During this period, for example, Bank of America shares lost almost 75 percent of their value, according to Thomson Reuters data. But after 2009, most funds stepped back from banks because of pressure on deposits from low interest rates. Some even shut up shop completely. Lansdowne Partners, one of London's oldest hedge funds, closed its financials fund last year, which had lost 18.7 percent in the first 40 days of 2016. (Reporting by Maiya Keidan, additional reporting by Lawrence White and Lawrence Delevingne. Editing by Jane Merriman) Next In Money Winton CEO defends firm from Buffett criticism of fees, returns LONDON/NEW YORK David Harding, founder of one of the world's biggest hedge funds, on Friday defended his firm against Warren Buffett's criticism of hedge fund fees last week. 'Green' funds flush with new cash, challenges as Trump era dawns NEW YORK Environmentally conscious investors are using their pocketbooks to protest President Donald Trump's plans to slash environmental regulations, fueling a rally in funds that only invest in companies that meet progressive criteria for sustainability. Research undercuts Fed's two favorite U.S. inflation tools NEW YORK Two tools that the Federal Reserve heavily relies upon to predict U.S. inflation in fact provide little practical help, and the Fed would be wise to only modestly overshoot its 2-percent price target, concludes a high-profile paper published on Friday. MORE FROM REUTERS Sponsored Content From Around the WebPromoted by Revcontent Trending Stories Pictures Photos of the day Sponsored Topics X Follow Reuters: Follow Us On Twitter Follow Us On Facebook Follow Us On RSS Follow Us On Instagram Follow Us On YouTube Follow Us On LinkedIn Subscribe: Feeds | Newsletters | Podcasts | Apps Reuters News Agency | Brand Attribution Guidelines | Careers Reuters is the news and media division of Thomson Reuters. Thomson Reuters is the world's largest international multimedia news agency, providing investing news, world news, business news, technology news, headline news, small business news, news alerts, personal finance, stock market, and mutual funds information available on Reuters.com, video, mobile, and interactive television platforms. Learn more about Thomson Reuters products: Eikon Information, analytics and exclusive news on financial markets - delivered in an intuitive desktop and mobile interface Elektron Everything you need to empower your workflow and enhance your enterprise data management World-Check Screen for heightened risk individual and entities globally to help uncover hidden risks in business relationships and human networks Westlaw Build the strongest argument relying on authoritative content, attorney-editor expertise, and industry defining technology ONESOURCE The most comprehensive solution to manage all your complex and ever-expanding tax and compliance needs CHECKPOINT The industry leader for online information for tax, accounting and finance professionals All quotes delayed a minimum of 15 minutes. See here for a complete list of exchanges and delays. Site Feedback Corrections Advertising Guidelines Cookies Terms of Use Privacy Policy
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad Banks come in from the cold for hedge funds By Reuters Published: 08:15 EST, 6 March 2017 | Updated: 08:15 EST, 6 March 2017 e-mail By Maiya Keidan and Svea Herbst-Bayliss LONDON/BOSTON, March 6 (Reuters) - Bank stocks are back in vogue for hedge funds, which have shunned the industry over the past seven years due to a squeeze on banks' profitability from low interest rates and because of their opaque balance sheets. The election of U.S. President Donald Trump has already tempted some hedge funds back into bank stocks to raise their bets on deregulation and interest rate rises in the United States, which could help banks to earn higher returns on deposits. "I think people are overweighting," Hilmi Unver, partner at hedge fund investor Notz Stucki Group, said. "Financials should benefit from interest rates going up." He also said Trump was pro deregulation, which would benefit U.S. banks. Banks made up five of the 50 stocks most commonly in the top ten holdings of hedge funds at the start of 2017, the largest portion since 2013, data from Goldman Sachs showed. Among the top five stocks were Bank of America Corp, JPMorgan Chase &amp; Co, Wells Fargo &amp; Co, Citigroup and Citizens Financial Group. Globally, institutional investor appetite for hedge funds buying bank stocks has risen in January to its highest level since 1999, estimated at 16.4 percent, up from 13.9 percent in December 2016, according to preliminary data from industry tracker Blue Lion Research. Many managers favour U.S. banks stocks, but some hedge funds are also trickling into European banks even though some of these lenders are still dealing with fallout from the 2008 financial crisis and now face uncertainty from upcoming elections. "European banks trade at almost half the valuation of U.S. banks and I think the political risk is overstated ... a lot of people are on the sidelines," said one London-based hedge fund manager who started adding European banks to his portfolio in January. "The big money will be made by buying these things now." "One of our biggest long positions is Credit Suisse," Lars Franstedt, chief investment officer and partner at $150 million Madrague Capital Partners, said. "We believe that it´s one of the best ways to play long in the financial industry." Said Haidar, president and chief executive officer at $313 million Haidar Capital Management, which is long banks globally, also said European banks looked cheap. Low and even negative interest rates in Europe have made it difficult for banks to generate profits on deposits, depressing their shares, which has kept many hedge funds away. But banks' profits could improve now interest rates are on the rise in the United States and ultimately could rise in Europe too. "In Europe, where banks trade at steep discounts to book (value), steeper curves, the coming end to quantitative easing followed by rate hikes in late 2018 or early 2019 should bolster results," Haidar said. Wellington Management´s hedge fund Bay Pond Partners, a fund which focuses on the financial sector in general, has benefited from a strong move in bank stocks. After losing 7.1 percent in 2016, the fund gained 6.4 percent in January, several people familiar with the fund´s performance said. Representatives for the fund were not immediately available to comment. U.S. hedge fund manager Dan Loeb shifted his focus to banks, he wrote in an investor letter on Wednesday, with the sector now making up 11.8 percent of his $15 billion fund, up from 4.4 percent on Nov. 8. Before the financial crisis, many hedge funds reaped big rewards from a bull market in banks between 2005 and 2007. They then took short positions on banks between mid-2007 and 2009, betting on falling share prices. During this period, for example, Bank of America shares lost almost 75 percent of their value, according to Thomson Reuters data. But after 2009, most funds stepped back from banks because of pressure on deposits from low interest rates. Some even shut up shop completely. Lansdowne Partners, one of London's oldest hedge funds, closed its financials fund last year, which had lost 18.7 percent in the first 40 days of 2016. (Reporting by Maiya Keidan, additional reporting by Lawrence White and Lawrence Delevingne. Editing by Jane Merriman) Share or comment on this article e-mail Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS Happy birthday partner! Ryan Gosling joins Eva Mendes as she celebrates turning 43 with family in Los Angeles His leading lady Corrie's Tina O'Brien admits she's putting off planning her wedding to fiancé Adam Crofts... and says her daughter wants her to wear a 'meringue dress' Anything for her princess! Pregnant Beyonce dresses five-year-old Blue Ivy in £21K silk-chiffon Gucci dress for Beauty And The Beast premiere BBC viewers are left RAGING as it's revealed the winners of Gary Barlow's Let It Shine will only be backing singers and NOT feature as a Take That-style band 'I forgive you for not always being there': Lily Collins pens an open letter to her music legend father forgiving him for 'not being the dad I expected' TV presenter Cherry Healey talks about lunch on the go, her three-year-old son's love of healthy eating as she tries M&S' new sushi  SPONSORED Flop Gear: Two million viewers abandon BBC's tribute act to Clarkson and Co - CHRISTOPHER STEVENS reviews last night's TV 'I'm maternal': Kate Moss discusses her model protégés as she stages her first talent agency photoshoot for VOGUE magazine The model mother PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: One way to pass the time! Lauren Goodger swaps swimwear for lingerie as she flaunts slim figure in lace body on boozy Dubai trip I'm not exactly wealthy, says Joan Collins (who is worth £24million): Star, 83, blasts suggestion she is rich because she has no 'f**** you' money It's Kim the movie star! Kardashian makes her Oceans Eight cameo... and bares her figure in sheer lace gown Back to (big screen) business 'Be beautiful': Irina Shayk stuns in cleavage-baring snapshot of herself in sheer lace bralette Was up front with her Instagram followers 'I love my wife a lot': Joe Manganiello reveals he flew across the country to take wife Sofia Vergara on their first date... as he gushes she is 'the one' He should be so lucky! Window washer stumbles upon Kylie Minogue in her Sydney hotel room and the good sport singer poses for a cheeky snap  'Miss you so much papa!' Sheridan Smith dedicates fourth Olivier Award nomination to late father Colin after being recognised for leading role in Funny Girl 'They are real divas': Call The Midwife's Charlotte Ritchie discusses the perils of working with newborn babies... as she teases upcoming wedding plot 'I didn't see that coming!': Emmerdale fans are left in shock as Joanie Wright suddenly dies minutes after being released from prison Unexpected shock EXCLUSIVE: 'I'm 18 weeks pregnant!' MIC finally teases the moment Binky Felstead tells her gobsmacked pals she's expecting a baby in the first trailer Worse for wear Julianne Hough and Nina Dobrev show some battle scars from wild bachelorette weekend as they return home to Los Angeles EXCLUSIVE: Trouble brewing? Louis Tomlinson gets the coffees in at his LA home as he calls in 'Mad Dog' lawyer to oversee airport bust-up defence  Suits you! Emma Watson wears two glamorous outfits for TV appearance...after defending herself as a feminist She means business 'Haters will say it's photoshopped': Kim Kardashian posts tongue-in-cheek Snapchat photo of hourglass figure Poking fun Smooch! Bella Thorne and Chandler Parsons share steamy make-out session during holiday in Mexico Another day, another new beau 'I wanted John Bishop to smash it - all it's done is make me want to smash my TV': ITV's troubled Nightly Show gets a new host but is STILL slammed by fans Rihanna is covered up in HUGE lime green coat... while braless supermodels bare ALL at Fenty x Puma Paris Fashion Week extravaganza Lily Donaldson shows off her incredible figure as she struts onto Rihanna's Fenty x Puma PFW runway in a tiny yellow crop top and sporty shorts Stella Maxwell leaves nothing to the imagination as she flashes entire underboob at Rihanna's Fenty x Puma PFW show 'Dream's cousin Reign is the sweetest': Rob Kardashian shares heart-melting video of Kourtney's son kissing his baby daughter A mother's love Playtime! Chrissy Teigen shares fun Snapchat video with daughter Luna after revealing she's being treated for postpartum depression 'She is absolutely stealing this series': Julie Hesmondhalgh is praised for her role as a rape victim... but viewers are left alarmed with police treatment The victim is terrorised again and her husband destroys evidence...The dark secrets were just beginning in Broadchurch, by Jim Shelley  No Bad Blood here! Tom Hiddleston poses backstage with Taylor Swift's longtime pal Ed Sheeran Still pals with her squad despite split Could there be terror on the cobbles? Corrie's Rob Donovan is pictured back at ITV studios after his character got sentenced for 25 years for killing Tina McIntyre  FIRST LOOK! Former Lois & Clark star Teri Hatcher returns to comic book genre as she debuts on Supergirl... as a villain Played Lois Lane  Jennifer Lopez flaunts her ample cleavage and hourglass curves in a figure-hugging grey dress as she films Watch What Happens Live Superstar Adele gifts three-year-old with chronic lung condition tickets to her Brisbane concert... after the little girl used her songs to 'learn to sing again' Smoking hot! Jonah Hill puffs on cigarette as he shows off slimmer frame in denim on solo outing Looked slimmer than ever 'I should f**k Miley Cyrus': Nick Cannon rambles on YouTube after 'leaving the No. 1 show on TV to promote a mix tape' Bizarre clip  'Young love!' Bella Hadid and Yolanda Foster give Anwar and his older girlfriend Nicola Peltz their blessings as they post sweet kissing snap Workout queen! Bella Thorne flashes flesh in revealing mesh top and black bra for aerobics session Not exactly the usual gym gear 'Little legends': Chris Hemsworth posts VERY cute snap of his two sons after overhearing their hilarious advice for not 'being eaten by a crocodile' in Byron Bay Katie Maloney cries after Lisa Vanderpump declines to officiate her wedding on Vanderpump Rules Keeps arguing with her fiancé Doing a Taylor? Kylie Minogue reveals breakup album following her split with Joshua Sasse as she stuns in slinky slip dress at Specsavers event 'Can we please just do it?' Kylie Minogue reaffirms support for Oz marriage equality after ex-fiance Joshua Sasse ditches their Say I Do Down Under campaign  Supermarket sweep! Charlize Theron swaps haute couture for laidback chic as she steps out in a pair of burgundy joggers while grocery shopping in LA Make-up free Mena Suvari works up a sweat at Cycle for Survival to support rare cancer research Got on her bike for charity  The mane attraction! Jennifer Lopez is a modern day Rapunzel as she rocks an impossibly long ponytail Rapunzel, Rapunzel, let down your hair! Laura Whitmore shows off her enviably slender pins in a pair of skin-tight leather trousers as she attends musical showcase in Soho  EXCLUSIVE 'I cry when I'm tired and hungry': Jourdan Dunn on toll of modelling, quitting her 'heavy' dependency on psychics and starstruck partying with Beyoncé Who's that? Marion Cotillard sheds demure image with long locks and plumped lips in shots from new film Share sultry photos from her latest comedy 'Chill out people!' Madonna posts sweet snap of newly adopted twins as she teases Rebel Heart DVD release Going strong! Felicity Huffman shines in black dress with plunging neckline at gala with William H. Macy in NYC She's never looked better  Taking tips? Pregnant Cheryl posts adoring comment on pal Kimberley Walsh's mothering snap... as speculation rumbles over baby's birth David Beckham dons his best tweed flat cap to shoot an advert in the park in London... and brings along his beloved pooch Olive as his co-star Fast woman! Rita Ora covers up in quirky off-duty ensemble as she arrives back in Paris for more Fashion Week fun after last week's flying visit to the capital Newly engaged Samira Wiley hits Miami for bachelorette party with OINTB costars Danielle Brooks and Uzo Aduba Carole King stuns the West End cast of Beautiful as she makes a surprise visit to see them perform her hits Left the leading lady of the musical gobsmacked Flying solo! Makeup free Ruby Rose leaves Sydney Airport without her popstar girlfriend Jessica Origliasso following loved-up display The Force is no longer with him! Ewan McGregor is unrecognisable as overweight and balding criminal in teaser for new season of Fargo Top of the crops! Julianne Hough shows off her abs of steel in gym photoshoot Looked super fit as she posed up a storm at the gym 'I quit drugs': SNL's Pete Davidson, 23, admits he's 'happy and sober' for the first time in eight years Emotional post on Monday Talk about a babyface! Lisa Kudrow, 53, looks ageless in black as she stars at Boss Baby event in Beverly Hills Never seems to get any older Walking to the end together! Ian Somerhalder and Nikki Reed hold hands on stroll ahead of Vampire Diaries series finale All bite on the night Jack Cassidy from The Partridge Family group tries out on The Voice and picks Alicia Keys to be his coach The Voice could bring back a new era Salma Hayek stuns in a lace column dress at the Alexander McQueen PFW Show... before nipping across town to catch Rihanna's new collection  The couple that dresses together... Lionel Richie, 67, matches in black with younger girlfriend Lisa Parigi Out and about Emma Roberts' Range Rover 'hit a tree at her tequila-themed birthday party after valet forgot to put vehicle in park' Not the best surprise when she left Leather and lace! Kristen Bell pairs white patterned top with black mini skirt for NBC party in Hollywood Always looks the part Victoria's Secret Angel Elsa Hosk gives Paris Fashion Week a miss and pounds the New York sidewalk in a casual white beanie and stylish forest green coat The ride of his life! Dita Von Teese gives her Devonshire Rex cat Aleister a lift on top of her designer luggage as she makes her way through LAX Baby One More Time! Britney Spears does grueling crunches as she preps for Vegas residency She is focused on fitness for her return to stage Bra-vo! Elisha Cuthbert exposes her undergarment in gray sheer top at premiere for Goon: Last Of The Enforcers Sheer delight 'He needed a wheelchair!' Kate Garraway reveals two-week sex challenge with husband ended in A&E... as she relives crotch-less knicker HORROR Lady in red! Brooke Shields is radiant in sleeveless dress at fundraising gala in NYC Brooke wore her long brunette hair loose and sleekly styled She's ripped! Hilary Duff shows off her toned legs in torn skinny jeans as she goes on a coffee run in LA  Needed a caffeine fix as she ran errands Heather Locklear looks happy and healthy as she suns herself in a bikini on Hawaii break with daughter Ava after rehab rumors Meryl Streep and Tom Hanks to team up onscreen for the first time in Steven Spielberg drama The Post Two Oscar-winning legends unite PICTURE EXCLUSIVE Marriage is a walk in the park! Michelle Keegan joins husband Mark Wright for a stroll with dogs... after shooting down 'marital strife'  Englishwoman in New York! Trudie Styler looks effortlessly stylish without husband Sting at Our Dream Of Water premiere Looked chic Ashley Tisdale works up a sweat at the gym after slamming Twitter troll who said she looked 'pregnant' High School Musical star was back to working out Bringing the 90s back! Sofia Richie looks hip in over-sized denim jacket and retro sunglasses The 18-year-old looked casual in a pair of baggy Givenchy track pants A flare for fashion! Karlie Kloss steps out in baggy red trousers as she stretches her legs in New York Rocking some chic Seventies style EXCLUSIVE! 'My gut said don't do it': MIC's resident musician Julius Cowdrey reveals he had the chance to be on The Voice and X Factor... but it didn't feel right 'I'm really happy': Vanderpump Rules star Scheana Shay gushes about new boyfriend Robert Valletta Split from her husband in November  She's a Barbie girl! Sophie Monk proves she's still a kid at heart as she posts a bizarre video of her playing dolls with her niece A very pregnant Beyonce dazzles in emerald gown as Jay Z and Blue Ivy look on at premiere of Beauty And The Beast in newly released images She's a catwalk queen after all... Chuckling Bella Hadid is presented with tiara by vying admirer while looking slick in white suit during Paris outing Dancing On Ice'to make a surprise comeback' three years after it was axed... as ITV bosses 'believe the decision to cancel the show was a mistake'  Oops! Farrah Abraham suffers wardrobe malfunction as she spills out of VERY revealing bikini during shoot in LA Harry Potter And The Cursed Child is up for ELEVEN Olivier awards...the most ever for a new West End play  Wowing critics and audiences 'Anyone who has success in this industry is marginalized!' Cate Blanchett defends 'cultural elite' and says her moral compass is in her VAGINA  Here comes Heidi! Klum looks set to make a cameo appearance in Ocean's Eight as she's pictured on set There is a very impressive line up Sweet like candy! Millie Mackintosh struts her way to a meeting in Paris in a bubblegum pink power suit with feathered cuffs Specs appeal! Atlanta de Cadenet Taylor rocks the geek chic look in overalls, glasses and a cardigan Biking around! Pierce Brosnan enjoys a beachside bicycle ride with wife Keely Shaye Smith James Bond's ride of choice is an Aston Martin Brooklyn Beckham sparks rumours his romance with Chloe Moretz is back on as the exes engage in cryptic social media interaction six months after split 'It's not been the easiest times of late': Kylie Minogue breaks her silence on split from fiance Joshua Sasse revealing 'I have no regrets' Her two biggest hits! Iggy Azalea flaunts her artificial assets in a VERY racy swimsuit and thigh-high boots after announcing her rap comeback 'Things can go amazingly and there can be ups and downs': Ruby Rose speaks about her relationship with girlfriend Jessica Origliasso Tea time! Reese Witherspoon wears flirty dress as she picks up iced beverage in LA day after her hit series Big Little Lies airs riveting episode An epic voyage cast adrift in a sea of tears and whingeing: CHRISTOPHER STEVENS reviews last night's TV  Louis Tomlinson fans 'send airport bust-up girl 2,000 online threats making her too scared to leave her house'  Ana Becerra, 22 He's got specs appeal! Justin Bieber wears his favourite glasses and flaunts his tattooed biceps as he exercises and heads to skate park before Perth show 'I look stupid skinny!' Amy Schumer reveals she hated her body after shedding pounds for Trainwreck 'I'm what Hollywood calls, very fat' 'Everybody was so nice!' Paris Jackson gushes about making her acting debut on Fox TV musical drama Star Plays a social media guru  Tess Holliday shares sweet snap of son Bowie in the buff - and threatens to block anyone who deems the image 'inappropriate' They're out! Original Real Housewives Of New Jersey cast members Jacqueline Laurita and Kathy Wakile 'axed from season eight' Warrant out for Azealia Banks after she fails to attend a court session related to 2015 incident in which she allegedly bit female nightclub bouncer's breast PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: You know that I want you! Lady Gaga gives Christian Carino a lingering kiss... while he offers her his jacket on night out 'This film is one of inclusiveness!' Josh Gad praises Beauty And The Beast for embracing 'unity' as he plays Disney's first gay character Buckle up! Brie Larson puts on a leggy display in 1960s-inspired mini-dress as she hits promotional trail for Kong: Skull Island Chic Melissa George makes rare public appearance at Hermes show at Paris Fashion Week after alleged domestic violence incident with partner Winning! Jon Cryer to make big return to TV after two-year hiatus with ABC comedy pilot Losing It The two-time Emmy-winning star  Real Housewives of Miami star Joanna Krupa shows off her toned figure in a skin-tight strapless dress as she steps out at canine charity event in Warsaw 'Good times!': Jennifer Lopez beams with Leah Remini and Derek Hough at Shades Of Blue viewing party as season two gets off to nice start The Talented Mr Damon: Boston native Matt will narrate a new documentary about the marathon bombing in his hometown Lends his voice 'There's talk!' Jax Taylor reveals possible Vanderpump Rules spin-off will follow his relationship with Brittany Cartwright Fan favourites From Ramsay street to Robin Hood! Margot Robbie lands second successive LEAD role after being cast as Marian in re-imagining of classic folk tale Megan McKenna and Amber Turner enjoy a girls' night out in Essex... as their love life drama airs in explosive new series of TOWIE Cara Delevingne shows off her striking new platinum blonde locks as she steps out in cool off-duty look in Paris Doting mommy! Charlize Theron shows off slim frame in leggings and baggy sweater as she treats young son Jackson to lunch in LA 'You're the most beautiful girl in the room': Chrissy Metz  reveals the sweet note boyfriend Josh Stancil wrote her ahead of a red carpet appearance Is it too late now to say sorry? Justin Bieber awkwardly clutches his back-up dancer in Perth performance, after taking to the stage more than half an hour late  Anna Faris and Eugenio Derbez to recreate Goldie Hawn and Kurt Russell comedy classic Overboard Joshua Jackson shares a laugh with Teen Wolf actress pal Crystal Reed Don't Reed too much into who this ex couple have been hanging out with 'We are beyond blessed': Jamie Lynn Spears reflects on 'worst nightmare' one month after daughter's life threatening ATV accident 'There's something I need that I can't get from you!' Chloe Sims shoots down Liam Gatsby's attempts to win her back Details of the engagement: Joy-Anna Duggar, 19, had TWO chaperones during proposal that took place while on a horse trail in Arkansas 'Our kids should not be held hostage': Chance The Rapper to donate $1 million to Chicago Public Schools after 'unsuccessful' meeting with governor 'Ask God to heal her!' Fantasia cancels concert after suffering second degree burns on her arm Had to cancel a concert in Memphis  The pecs factor! Joe McElderry shows off his impressive weight-loss in a sizzling shirtless snap Former X Factor winner has been working out Bethenny Frankel goes skinny dipping, shares girl on girl kiss and sobs over MORE cheating claims about Luann's man in explosive RHONY trailer 'She RUINED her!' Lorde's fans take to social media to bash Taylor Swift after complaining about the New Zealand native's new track Making Hollywood friends! UFC fighter Ronda Rousey bonds with Jaimie Alexander as she tapes guest appearance for TV's Blindspot Which of Nick Viall's female suitors on The Bachelor will take the trip to Mexico for Bachelor In Paradise? Fans already know who The Bachelorette will be 'It's a myth that men have the lead': Kyle Sandilands, 45, reveals girlfriend Imogen Anthony, 26, is in control of life at home Adrien Brody's model girlfriend Lara Lieto flashes her abs as they leave dinner date hand-in-hand Danniella Westbrook dons a colourful kaftan and treats herself to cocktails as she hits the pool in Spain with a pal Recently hinted she is planning another boob job Style setter Sienna Miller shows off her quirky dress sense in a cosy knitted hat and oversized coat as she takes her dog for a walk in New York EOTB star Chloe Goodman's plunging swimsuit barely contains her impressive bust as she flaunts her curves while jet skiing in Lanzarote Ready for spring! Love star Gillian Jacobs steps out in denim mini dress with floral motifs at season 2 premiere of Netflix series Chloe Khan flaunts her incredibly svelte figure as she poses in nothing but a THONG for titillating Snapchat... after split from Ashley Cain Worse for wear Chloe Lewis FINALLY goes public with new beau Danny Fisher as they lock lips while frolicking in the street on London night out Lauren Goodger suffer MAJOR social media fail as she accidentally shares PR message to accompany her throwback Instagram snap A blank canvas! Ashley Graham strips down to pose NUDE in new campaign for Prabal Gurung's first ever plus-size collection  Leggy Sophie Turner displays her endless pins in black leather hotpants as she touches down in Paris with boyfriend Joe Jonas  'Starting to get back into shape': Greg Rutherford flashes his perfectly sculpted abs in nothing but grey shorts for sizzling Instagram selfie Emma Watson reveals VERY intimate details of her beauty routine - down to her preferred brand of pubic hair oil and why she bathes up to THREE times a day Blushing bride! Betty White, 95, wears wedding dress during teaser for upcoming episode of TV's Young & Hungry with Emily Osment Amy Schumer is shocked when Bachelor star Nick Viall records video message saying his 'one regret' was not meeting her on reality show Party of two! Makeup-free Jennifer Love Hewitt makes rare sighting during shopping spree in LA with husband of four years Brian Hallisay New mom Amber Tamblyn poses for a candid selfie in a breast milk-stained T-shirt to document the realities of life as a mother, just two weeks after giving birth to a baby daughter 'My boo': Iman shares rare snap of Lexi, 16, as she posts sweet message for her daughter with David Bowie Her parents' beauty So what, I'm still a cot star! Pink shares snap of baby Jameson putting his vocal cords to work Jameson Moon  looked to be engaged in some loud crying  Ready fur a bonding day! Keri Russell sports distinctive wintry hat as she and Matthew Rhys enjoy Sunday stroll with their baby boy Astonishing footage shows snarling 1D star Louis Tomlinson 'wrestling photographer and manhandling a female fan' moments before police arrest him Kendall Jenner nails casual glamour in racy mesh leotard and boyfriend jeans as she heads out in Paris for another day at Fashion Week Tess Holliday shares sweet snap of son Bowie in the buff while revealing pants are 'optional' in her house on Sundays 'Milk life!': Amber Tamblyn shares a selfie where she has breast milk stains on her T-shirt after feeding her newborn girl 'We were both terrified!': Pregnant Chanelle Hayes thought she was dying from cancer before being told she was expecting her second child 'You don't get to tell me what's wrong with MY body!' Sports Illustrated's size 16 swimwear model Hunter McGrady hits back at critics,  She's FIVE times the supermodel they'll ever be! Coco Rocha stars on a variety of glamorous covers for the latest issue of Fashion Magazine 'I felt selfish saying I was struggling': Chrissy Teigen reveals she suffered with postpartum depression after the birth of daughter Luna Scarlett Johansson continues to go ring-free amid rumours she's split from Romain Dauriac as she takes daughter to LA park Single mum? Ahoy, captain! Julianne Hough leads her bachelorette babes in sexy swimsuit on a luxury yacht as the party continues in the Gulf of Mexico 'It was incredibly eye-opening': Heartbroken Ed Sheeran is reduced to tears during Comic Relief trip to Liberia as he sings with young girl whose father died at hands of Ebola Where's my TARDIS? Lily James and boyfriend Matt Smith make rare public appearance together as they go for a casual shopping trip in the rain Geordie Shore newbie Abbie Holborn flaunts her ample assets in a plunging dress as she parties with boxer Floyd Mayweather in Newcastle SPOILER ALERT: Coronation Street's Maria Connor makes a dramatic return as she is released from prison... and has a fiery encounter with Aidan Letting her hair down! Tiffany Trump goes zip-lining in the jungle while on vacation in Belize with boyfriend Ross - as her father faces controversy over Obama tapping claims Imogen Thomas flashes her slender pins in a flirty thigh-skimming mini dress as she enjoys dinner in London  Pregnant Danielle Lloyd tenderly cradles her bump as she enjoys casual pub lunch with fiancé Michael O'Neill and her three children Blossoming stomach Eighties boy band Bros cancel more than half the dates on their £10m comeback tour, sparking speculation it was because of poor ticket sales  'My wife loves my sausage in the hole': Holly Willoughby and Phillip Schofield get into hysterics over Gino D'Acampo's innuendo-filled cooking segment A flare for fashion! Bella Hadid rocks a vintage look in a blue velvet tracksuit and quirky orange shades as she steps out in Paris New eye-catching outfit Gnat impressed! Adele hilariously shrieks onstage as she attempts to fend off a swarm of mosquitos at her Brisbane gig Left audience in stitches  'We get it, she has boobs!': TOWIE fans left confused after cameraman zooms in on Kate Wright's sweaty chest TWICE during her workout TOWIE's Dan Edgar gets VERY cosy with newbie Amber Turner... after furiously denying being anything more than friends in explosive scenes  Claudia Schiffer does her best supermodel strut as she shows off enviably toned legs in skintight jeans while out and about in London Supermodel strut Well she does host Saturday Night Takeaway! Make-up free Scarlett Moffatt enjoys a day off the diet as she gets pizza delivery after losing three dress sizes 'She's FINALLY in a good relationship': will.i.am reveals he approves of pregnant Cheryl's union with Liam Payne... but REFUSES to confirm birth Russian model Elena Perminova wears a sheer bralet OVER her white crop top and very high-slit skirt at Giambattista Valli's PFW show LACY Mecklenburgh: Former TOWIE star wears red and black dress with semi-sheer panel as she attends Leonard Paris fashion show... after finding love Kendall Jenner rocks leather top as she shows off impressive singing skills for music video... but it turns out to be Elle King Music video advert Iskra Lawrence exhibits her hourglass curves in a figure-hugging suede midi dress as she heads to dinner in LA Blessed with killer curves Check her out! Rita Ora showcases her honed pins in thigh-grazing gingham sundress as she steps out in London Oozed spring vibes  Myleene Klass cuts a chic figure in tapered pink trousers and giant shades as she heads to her radio show Turning heads as she sashayed to work 'Trump should not have been elected': Leighton Meester admits the election tops the birth of HITLER as the historical event she would change 'Your stomach is small again in the last shot?' Pregnant Cheryl baffles fans while showing off svelte frame in newly-released images Prince Michael Jackson takes on his father's legacy and announces a new organization to help hungry kids Good example Lady Victoria Hervey showcases her enviable toned body in skimpy multi coloured bikini as she enjoys a day on the beach with male pal Athan Kallas in Malibu Emma Watson oozes elegance in a shift dress at LA Beauty And The Beast photocall... after hitting back at critics over braless photoshoot Bad feminism? Emily Blunt looks elegant in the most delightful way as she wears a stylish red coat with blue hat while shooting scenes for Mary Poppins Returns PIERS MORGAN: Sorry Emma, but you haven't done yourself or feminism any favours this week, you've just made a right t*t of yourself Trouble in paradise? Body language expert warns Harry and Meghan look 'awkward' in Jamaica photos and says the Prince may already be BORED Family affair! Willow Smith showcases her eclectic style in a chic denim bomber jacket as she jets into Paris with brother Jaden ahead of Louis Vuitton show 'She smelled like baby wipes!': Katy Perry's fan club members react when finally meeting their idol at iHeart Awards as she poses for selfies 'Family day': Nick Cannon shows off new baby in very rare photo with his grandmother, mother and the twins he had with Mariah Carey Family times Chris Evans looks glum during family trip to the park with his wife and their two sons... hours before Top Gear returns to screens without him 'I'd take him to therapy': Stacey Solomon reveals she would ask boyfriend Joe Swash to seek help if he decided he didn't want to marry her Sex and the seedy world of the Oscar winning Afflecks: Casey may have won a gong - to add to elder brother Ben's two - but there's a darker side Black to basics: Salma Hayek flaunts her curves in embellished dress as she joins Pamela Anderson and Lily Donaldson at Stella McCartney's PFW show 'I still get nervous trying new things!': Karlie Kloss talks shaping her style as she shows off her incredible figure in new Express campaign Keeping it wheel! Cameron Diaz cuts a casually chic figure in jeans and a jumper as she shops for groceries with a friend  In all her natural glory Allison Williams strips off for X-rated scene with Alex Karpovsky as she puts on a VERY raunchy display in Girls Leaving nothing to the imagination Pregnant Chelsee Healey shows off her burgeoning baby bump in a tight nude top and flares as she steps out for the first time since announcing baby joy A slender Kylie Minogue looks drained as she steps out for breakfast with her dad in Melbourne... one month after split from fiance Joshua Sasse Riding high: The Queen looks elegant in a silk scarf as she heads out on her beloved Fell pony for a trot along the Thames near Windsor Castle Happy birthday, Prince Oscar! Swedish royal tucks into a slice of cake as he celebrates his first year with an adorable photoshoot Sweet new images Megan McKenna appears FURIOUS while filming TOWIE after she admits she's only '20% happy' with boyfriend Pete Wicks following explosive series opener Girls' night out! Ferne McCann looks leggy in just an oversized designer tee and heels as she hits the town with demure Chloe Lewis TOWIE stars 'Geraldine' Horner looks casual yet chic in a navy dolly coat and skinny jeans as she takes baby son Montague for a stroll Enjoying quality time Chantelle Connelly shows off enviably slender figure and toned abs as she tops up her tan on the beach during idyllic Caribbean getaway 'I'm never getting married!' Susanna Reid reveals why she's not ready to date... as she admits she loves bantering with her GMB co-host Piers Morgan It's NOT Better Best Forgotten: Steps have reunited for a new pop song with the help of ABBA as they release music for the first time in FIVE years Chris Brown's ex Karrueche Tran 'prepares to face the singer in court in a bid to get a permanent restraining order' Courtroom showdown 'She's incredibly excited!' Chanelle Hayes announces she's pregnant with her second child... following fears weight gain had left her infertile 'Working mothers should never feel guilty, they should feel proud': Victoria Beckham reveals how she really feels about juggling a career with family life Heavily pregnant Billie Faiers shows off bump in chic black midi dress as she and a glam Frankie Essex arrive at Amy Childs' baby shower Lock-ing lips! TOWIE star James enjoys very passionate smooch with new girlfriend Yazmin Oukhellou after making public apology for using his phone at the wheel Newly-slim Tina Malone can't hide her excitement as she books boob job and skin removal procedure... after facing cruel trolls over her 'wrinkly skin' 'I always wanted to look like Miley Cyrus': Katy Perry admits she wants to help 'redefine femininity' with her new blonde bob... following her Orlando Bloom split Back to work! Ruby Rose flaunts trim pins at stylish launch in Sydney... after celebrating Mardi Gras with girlfriend Jessica Origliasso The 'young one' from Britain's Got Talent act Stavros Flatley is arrested after police find a 'cannabis factory' worth over £50,000 in his London flat Lauren Pope flaunts her incredibly toned abs in a sexy cut-out swimsuit as she treats fans to a sizzling throwback selfie Dazzling  In the pink! The Hills star Jason Wahler jubilant as he and wife Ashley reveal they're expecting a baby girl Once-troubled reality star of The Hills fame 'It can be traumatic!' Spice Girl Melanie C says she sympathises with Louis Tomlinson after the One Direction star is arrested for airport altercation 'They got MARRIED!' Martine McCutcheon and Hugh Grant have big news in Love Actually Comic Relief reboot... but he admits he can't remember his lines Chest too much! Christina Milian has cleavage showdown with Katy Perry and Kelsea Ballerini on the iHeart Radio Music Awards red carpet 'Thick thighs save lives': Demi Lovato brags about her toned legs in silver mini-dress as she hits up the iHeartRadio Music Awards 'F**king b***h!' TOWIE's Gatsby lashes out at 'clown' Pete Wicks in violent altercation... following expletive-laden row with 'chav' Megan McKenna Orange is the new blonde! Pixie Lott ditches her trademark platinum 'do as she debuts newly-dyed apricot locks Pop princess Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
Bloomberg the Company & Its ProductsBloomberg Anywhere Remote LoginBloomberg Anywhere LoginBloomberg Terminal Demo Request Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Philanthropy & Engagement Bloomberg London Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Philanthropy & Engagement Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Bloomberg London Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Advertising Bloomberg Media Distribution Bloomberg Live Conferences Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center MENU Homepage Markets Stocks Currencies Commodities Rates + Bonds Economics Magazine Benchmark Watchlist Economic Calendar Tech U.S. Global Startups Cybersecurity Digital Media Bloomberg Technology TV Hello World Studio 1.0 Pursuits Cars & Bikes Style & Grooming Spend Watches & Gadgets Food & Drinks Travel Real Estate Art & Design Politics Global Risk Briefing How We’ll Know if Trump Is Making America Great Again Tracking Trump’s Web of Conflicts The Inauguration of Donald J. Trump On the March in Trump’s Capital Opinion View Gadfly Businessweek Subscribe Cover Stories Opening Remarks Etc Features 85th Anniversary Issue Behind The Cover More Science + Energy Graphics Billionaires Game Plan Small Business Personal Finance Live TV Inspire GO The David Rubenstein Show Sponsored Content Bloomberg About The Company Sign In Sign In Subscribe Reflation Trade Still in Vogue After Stock Gains, JPMorgan Says by Charlotte Ryan @charlie_ryan1 More stories by Charlotte Ryan March 6, 2017, 7:42 AM EST TD's Misra Says March Hike Creates Optionality for Fed Investors who pushed equities higher in recent months on bets of faster global growth and inflation should stay the course, according to JPMorgan Chase & Co. The most important market news of the day. Get our markets daily newsletter. Sign Up Despite stocks reaching new peaks, extending the rally that began after the U.S. election, the trade remains supported by robust macroeconomic indicators, strategists including Mislav Matejka and Emmanuel Cau wrote in a note. It’s a sentiment echoed by their peers at Natixis SA, who said that equities remain the asset class to be in as the reflation theme continues and the Federal Reserve tightens monetary policy. “Equities are continuing to defy numerous correction calls,” JPMorgan strategists wrote on Monday. “Activity momentum might be peaking, but we find that this is not enough to take risk off the table. One should remain constructive and look through any weakness.” An uptick in earnings momentum and a pickup in inflation that would boost top-line growth and corporate pricing power are among factors JPMorgan sees helping equities, saying the asset class remains underowned. Consumer prices are expected to rise faster in both Europe and the U.S. this year. JPMorgan strategists are overweight euro-area stocks, and within the region, prefer Germany. The DAX Index looks “relatively cheap” and will benefit from any euro weakness, they wrote. The benchmark trades at 13.6 times the estimated earnings of its members, a lower valuation than the Stoxx Europe 600 Index, even after surging 17 percent since a November low. The bank is also bullish on Japan, while cautioning that a stronger yen would pose a risk, and underweight U.K. equities. With the prospects of a Fed rate hike in March almost entirely priced in, “the time might be approaching” to re-enter emerging markets, according to JPMorgan. Natixis also sees value in developing market equities, as well as in the U.S. Protectionist policies from U.S. President Donald Trump and a rising dollar pose risks for emerging markets but are unlikely to materialize in the short term, prompting a “tactical bull call,” its strategists including Emilie Tetard wrote in a note on Monday. Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal. LEARN MORE Most Read Trump's Wiretap Tweets Raise Risk of Impeachment Russian Hackers Said to Seek Hush Money From Liberal Groups TSA Warns Local Police About Its New Airport Pat-Downs Trump Issues Revised Travel Ban to Address Legal Challenges Mercedes Is Making the World’s Most Expensive SUV Terms of Service Trademarks Privacy Policy ©2017 Bloomberg L.P. All Rights Reserved Careers Made in NYC Advertise Ad Choices Website Feedback Help
gulfnews.com no longer supports Internet Explorer 8 or earlier. Please upgrade your browser.LEARN MORE ? Enter your keyword sign inorRegister now Mobile Site GN Network Aquarius The monthly women's lifestyle magazine offering real solutions for real women. Friday The most read magazine in the UAE. Lively, intelligent and thought-provoking. GN Focus Focused reports on events, business and lifestyle. In depth, insightful, influential. Inside Out An inspiring home interiors magazine showcasing the best interior design. tabloid! The No. 1 source for entertainment, lifestyle & fashion in the UAE. Weekend Review In-depth look at issues behind the news, with sections on people, books and art. Wheels A weekly motoring magazine packed with the latest local and global motoring news, reviews and views. GNTECH Gadget soup for the techy soul. News and reviews with our own irreverent spin Baby & Child From pregnancy to playdates in the UAE Gulf News Store Buy latest products from our online store Classifieds GNCars The UAE's first stop shop for buying and selling cars. GNCareers Give your career a boost. Find the best and latest jobs. GNClassifieds The site for buying and selling almost anything. GNproperty Region's leading property site for buying and renting. Apps App for iPhone The official Gulf News app tailored for iOs phones App for Android Mobile The official Gulf News app tailored for Android phones App for iPad Gulf News made highly readable for Apple's iPad Gulf News mobile Fast, lightweight, perfect for mobile browsing SMS alerts The fastest way to find out about breaking stories Cricket App Live cricket action direct to your phone Good Living App Hundreds of offers direct to your phone Subscribe Gulf News Subscribe Now Aquarius Subscribe Now Xpress Subscribe Now Inside Out Subscribe Now Wheels Subscribe Now Baby & Child Subscribe Now Quick Links E-Paper Digital version of today’s newspaper, exactly as it is in print. Mobile Version The fast and light-weight mobile version of GulfNews.com. Advertising Guide Get your brand seen in the region's most read newspaper. SMS News Alerts The fastest way to hear about major breaking stories. Goodliving 100s of offers, half price deals, 2 for 1s - and more. Contact Us Have something you want to tell us, a question, or complaint? Gulf News Store Buy latest products from our online store SHARES BANKING March 7, 2017 | Last updated 2 minutes ago usd---- ---- 24KGold--   Hot Topics: UAE holidays 2017 Gold Rate Weather Horoscope The GN Store UAE News Business Data Equities Commodities Currencies top stories in Data Dubai gold rates drop as Fed hike looms Dubai gold prices ease after 3.5-month high Dubai gold prices strongest in months Gold Rate Sectors25 Markets12 Automotives4 Banking2 Construction Employment Features1 General Investment Media2 Careers Energy34 Retail7 Shipping Technology4 Telecoms Tourism top stories in Sectors Huawei launches Honor 8 Lite in Middle East 1 million cars recalled: Is UAE included? Delivery service for Filipinos in UAE launched Renewables Aviation4 Live Flights top stories in Aviation Flight diverted due to foul smell from toilet Etihad cuts CO2 emissions by 2.5% in 2016 Watch: 2 UAE women pilot biggest plane Economy12 Property2 GN Property top stories in Property Emaar shares tumble after dividend announcement Emaar hopes for better year after ‘tough’ 2016 Business Bay properties start seeing gains Money1 Visas Analysis4 Sport Opinion Leisure Life&Style Culture Guides Multimedia Your Say In Focus JPMorgan said to scout Dublin, Frankfurt for post-Brexit EU hub The lender may lease 50,000 square feet to 150,000 square feet of space and wants flexibility from landlords to shrink or expand Image Credit: Reuters A JP Morgan & Chase Co. building in New York, US. JPMorgan already has subsidiary units in Ireland and Germany with broker/dealer licences. Published: 15:22 March 6, 2017 Bloomberg   SMALL MEDIUM LARGE London, Dublin JPMorgan Chase & Co. is scouting for office space in Dublin and Frankfurt that may be used as an enlarged European Union hub following the U.K.’s vote to leave the bloc, according to people with knowledge of the matter. The lender may lease 50,000 square feet (4,645 square meters) to 150,000 square feet of space and wants flexibility from landlords to shrink or expand depending on the outcome of the Brexit negotiations, some of the people said, asking not to be named because the plans aren’t public. That amount of space would be enough for several hundred employees. “Other options are still very much on the table,” the bank said in a statement. “We want to see how negotiations progress. No final decisions have been made.” UK. Prime Minister Theresa May’s plan to pull Britain out of the single market has prompted international banks to begin looking to move jobs to the continent. London could lose 10,000 banking jobs and 20,000 roles in financial services as clients move 1.8 trillion euros (Dh6.98 trillion; $1.9 trillion) of assets to the continent after Brexit is completed, according to think tank Bruegel. Other estimates range from as much as 232,000 jobs to as few as 4,000. Before the June 23 referendum Chief Executive Officer Jamie Dimon told UK staff that as many as 4,000 of them could be relocated in the event of Brexit. In January, he said that number could be even higher — or lower — depending on how the government’s negotiations played out. Frankfurt and Dublin are emerging as the favoured destinations for banks preparing to flee London after Brexit. Standard Chartered Plc and Barclays Plc are considering the Irish capital for their EU base while Goldman Sachs Group Inc., and Morgan Stanley are weighing Frankfurt. JPMorgan already has subsidiary units in Ireland and Germany with broker/dealer licenses. — Bloomberg More from Banking JPMorgan looks at Dublin, Frankfurt for EU hub Deutsche Bank shares drop on capital hike plan Deutsche Bank announces 8b euro rights issue Belt and Road: Historic routes, modern progress GIFT expects rapid growth in firms and turnover India financial centre eyes ties in UAE Saudi Arabia can be leader in Islamic finance India needs ‘bad bank’ to clean up soured debt tags from this storyStandard Chartered Plc follow this tag on MGNBarclays follow this tag on MGNBrexit follow this tag on MGNTheresa May follow this tag on MGNUnited Kingdom follow this tag on MGNGermany follow this tag on MGN filed underGulfNewsBusinessSectorsBanking tagsStandard Chartered Plc follow this tag on MGN+ MGNBarclays follow this tag on MGN+ MGNBrexit follow this tag on MGN+ MGNTheresa May follow this tag on MGN+ MGNUnited Kingdom follow this tag on MGN+ MGN Also In BankingJPMorgan looks at Dublin, Frankfurt for EU hub Business Gallery In pictures: Mobile World Congress Superyachts on show at DIBS 2017 Business Videos PlayAbu Dhabi Ship Building enjoys growing success Strata UAE leads aerospace manufacturing FOLLOW US Most Popular ViewedCommentedVideosGalleries 01India financial centre eyes ties in UAE 02Deutsche Bank announces 8b euro rights issue 03Saudi Arabia can be leader in Islamic finance Play Abu Dhabi Ship Building enjoys growing success Nov 24, 2016 Play Strata UAE leads aerospace manufacturing Oct 25, 2016 Play Inside Emirates airline's engineering hangar Sep 20, 2015 Play Emirates Group announces record profits May 10, 2016 10Images Superyachts on show at DIBS 2017 Mar 01, 2017 11Images Shaikh Mohammad visits Gulfood 2017 Feb 28, 2017 29Images In pictures: Defence exhibition Idex 2017 Feb 23, 2017 1Image Pictures: Nokia 3310 comes back to life at MWC Feb 27, 2017 company stock update 1d1 Wk1Mth1Qtr1Yr5Yr Gulf News Business on Twitter Tweets by @GulfNewsBiz Follow @GulfNewsBiz on Twitter Most Popular on Gulf News Dh7m raffle winner's wife didn't believe him Emirates ID now an insurance card Man jailed for raping girl, 13, in a car Unfortunate events leave expat in limbo Video: 2 dead, 8 hurt in Al Wasl Road crash Airline supervisor fired for sleeping on the job British daredevil detained in Dubai Pictured: Trump holds tie together with tape New Trump travel order remains 'a Muslim ban' Close Recommended For You Saudi Aramco’s green push widening appeal of IPOPUBLISHED ON Mar 06, 2017 JPMorgan looks at Dublin, Frankfurt for EU hubPUBLISHED ON Mar 06, 2017 Revealed: Where every resident has $1.6m PUBLISHED ON Mar 07, 2017 Feedback Get The Paper Our Apps Mobile friendly version Our location Advanced Search Sitemap MY GULF NEWS GulfNews.com is the most widely read newspaper, and online site in English in the Middle East. With a daily BPA audited paid circulation of over 108,000, and an online audience of 3.5 million uniques every month, it is your go to source for information on the region. Sign up below to begin personalising your experienceRegister now News Business Sport Leisure Guides Opinion Multimedia In Focus Life&Style Culture Your Say Enter your keyword follow usRssFollow us on FacebookFollow us on TwitterFollow us on google plus Sign up for newsletterSign Up PreviousNext © Al Nisr Publishing LLC 2016. All rights reserved GN Media How to follow Gulf News History of GulfNews Key Dates Community Advertise Print Direct Marketing Digital About Gulf News Journalism ethics Ethics Policy Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Readers' Policy FAQs Open Calais Careers at Gulf News How to find Gulf News Contact Us Print Subscriptions MGN New GulfNews.com: A considerable step forward in terms of user experience
Theme Welcome · log in · join Show navigation Hide navigation Home Reviews How Charts Latest Speed Test Run Test Run Ping History Preferences Results Run Streams Servers Country Tools Intro FAQ Line Quality Smoke Ping Tweak Test Line Monitor Monitor Groups My IP is Whois Calculator Tool Points News News tip? Forums All Forums Hot Topics Gallery Info Hardware All FAQs Site FAQ DSL FAQ Cable Tech About contact about us community ISP FAQ Add ISP ISP Ind. Forums Join   Sprint is Trying to Sell Trump on a Comcast or T-Mobile Merger by Karl Bode Monday Mar 06 2017 07:40 EST Sprint and Softbank boss Masayoshi Son met with the Trump administration last month to sell the administration on a megamerger between Sprint and either T-Mobile or Comcast, notes the New York Times. In presentations to the Trump camp, Softbank executives made the case that "because of a lack of advanced digital investments," the competitiveness of the United States economy was at risk. This risk, Softbank told the Trump team, could only be averted by further industry consolidation. But Sprint's first attempt to acquire T-Mobile was blocked by regulators who felt such a deal would have reduced competition. That worry hasn't gone away. "The Federal Communications Commission looks very smart for blocking the AT&T T-Mobile deal," Philip Cusick, a telecommunications expert with JPMorgan Chase tells the Times. "Five years ago, Sprint and T-Mobile were irrelevant. Now we are seeing them drive down prices. Why would you want to change that?" Trump was notably anti-telecom merger on the campaign trail, promising he'd block AT&T's $100 million acquisition and even work to break up the already merged Comcast/NBC Universal. But Wall Street telecom analysts continue to believe Trump will be overall relatively friendly toward sector megadeals, since they'll allow him to use the deals to piggyback on job creation claims (be they truth or fantasy). And Sprint has been providing Trump with plenty of ammunition on that front. Masayoshi Son met with Trump back in December, allowing the President to claim to the press that he was directly responsible for $100 billion in Softbank investment and 50,000 new jobs coming to the states (those plans, as it turned out, had been in the works since before Trump was even elected). Last week the wireless industry watched as competition from T-Mobile finally forced AT&T and Verizon to bring back unlimited data. That would have never happened if regulators hadn't blocked AT&T's attempted acquisition of T-Mobile. And given Sprint's ongoing inability to find its footing in the market, a Sprint T-Mobile tie up could be equally fatal to sector competition. Carriers hadn't been allowed to communicate due to incentive auction rules, but merger talk should heat up once the auction smoke settles next month. tags: competition · business · consumers · Sprint Mobile Broadband · T-Mobile US · wireless · cellular News Jump Comcast: Symmetrical Cable Broadband Coming in Next 24 Months10% of Broadband Users to Go Wireless Only in Next YearYankees YES Network Returns to Comcast March 311.7 Million Cable TV Users Cut The Cord in 2016Monday Morning LinksT-Mobile Takes Heat For Quietly Bumping 'Activation Fee' to $25»Sprint is Trying to Sell Trump on a Comcast or T-Mobile MergerDish Customers Lose Access to Hearst Stations in 26 MarketsForum Topic: Users Say Comcast Usage Meters Still Not ReliableEmployee Error to Blame For Huge Amazon S3 Outage This Week----------------------this weeklast weekmost discussed Most recommended from 16 comments toolman1990 join:2016-05-19 Cincinnati, OH toolman1990 Member Yesterday 8:00 am Merger A Comcast and Sprint merger would go through less scrutiny through an FCC and DOJ Review since it would leave four national wireless carriers in place. · actions · Yesterday 8:00 am · C0deZer0 Oc'D To Rhythm And Police Premium Member join:2001-10-03 Tempe, AZ52.7 5.4 ·Cox HSI C0deZer0 Premium Member Yesterday 7:59 am A thousand times, no! Masayoshi son wanted to buy in to sprint to create the kind of oligopoly that he enjoys in his home country and market. He simply assumed and chose poorly, picking a Bolivian thief in the form of Marcelo claure to run things here. Problem is, Claure pays himself like he is already number one (Robbie Rotten notwithstanding) without the credibility to back it up, leaving no money to invest in the network. Yet while he's had plenty of opportunities to get rid of the ass clown to create even a semi respectable network, son chose not to. Since son just wants to create a monopoly, he should be forced to lay in the bed he's created. Considering Claure is such an intolerable shit that he needs armed security just to visit his own offices, son should be made to take over and fix his own polished turd sandwich. Nobody with any sense would want to buy the cancerous stain that is Sprint now. The spectrum they currently hold is worth more than the rest of the company. That's how bad it is over there. All because of a twit that couldn't see past the earnings report for the next 24 hours, let alone the forecast for the next 24 months. · actions · Yesterday 7:59 am · tshirt Premium Member join:2004-07-11 Snohomish, WA tshirt Premium Member Yesterday 9:58 am Sprinit and.... Son seems more desperate every month, but somethings aren't meant to happen Sprint and Sears Sprint and staples McSpirintle's Sprint and anybody? Hello ? hello? can't hear me now.... · actions · Yesterday 9:58 am · How about .. Verizon Continues to Insist You Don't Need Unlimited Data T-Mobile Laughs Off AT&T, Verizon Interest in 5G Fixed Wireless T-Mobile CEO Interested in Sprint Merger...But Not Quite Yet Wall Street is Mad About Verizon's Return to Unlimited Data AT&T Follows The Pack Into Unlimited Data, But At Higher Prices Sprint Willing to Let T-Mobile Retain Control Post Merger Verizon Wireless Data Pricing: A 5 Year Case Study RootMetrics Network Report Ranks Verizon First, T-Mobile Last News ISP News Got news? Tools Speed Test Smokeping Ping Test 24x7 Broadband Monitor ISP Reviews Review an ISP Latest GBU Information Hardware FAQs Community Join Welcome Members For Sale Forums All Forums DSLReports Feedback About Contact FAQ Terms of Use Privacy Follow Site Mobile mode DSLReports.com © DSLReports.com Est. 1999 Tuesday, 07-Mar 04:38:44 Hosted by Liquid Networks
Skip to content MilTech pr@satprnews.com Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 6 March 2017 by Military News Aircastle Announces Proposed Offering of $500 Million Aggregate Principal Amount of Senior Notes STAMFORD, Conn., March 6, 2017 /PRNewswire/ — Aircastle Limited (NYSE: AYR) („Aircastle”) announced today that it plans to offer an aggregate of $500 million principal amount of its senior notes due 2024 (the „notes”). Aircastle plans to use the net proceeds of the offering for general corporate purposes, which may include the acquisition of aircraft or the refinancing of its existing indebtedness. Citigroup Global Markets Inc., BNP Paribas Securities Corp., Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc., Deutsche Bank Securities Inc., Goldman, Sachs & Co., J.P. Morgan Securities LLC, Mitsubishi UFJ Securities (USA), Inc. and RBC Capital Markets, LLC are acting as joint book-running managers for the offering. Aircastle has filed a registration statement (including a base prospectus) and a preliminary prospectus supplement with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the „SEC”) for the offering of the notes. Before you invest, you should read the base prospectus and preliminary prospectus supplement relating to the notes and the other documents Aircastle has filed with the SEC for more complete information about Aircastle and the notes. You may obtain these documents for free by visiting EDGAR on the SEC website at www.sec.gov. Alternatively, the preliminary prospectus supplement and accompanying base prospectus may be obtained by contacting Citigroup, c/o Broadridge Financial Solutions, 1155 Long Island Avenue, Edgewood, NY 11717 or by calling (800) 831-9146.  This press release does not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy any of the notes nor does it constitute an offer, solicitation or sale in any jurisdiction in which such offer, solicitation or sale is unlawful. The notes may be offered only by means of a preliminary prospectus supplement and accompanying base prospectus. Safe Harbor Certain statements in this press release are forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, including, but not limited to, our intention to consummate the offering and issue the notes, our expectation regarding the aggregate principal amount of notes to be sold and the intended use of proceeds of the offering. Words such as „anticipates,” „expects,” „intends,” „plans,” „projects,” „believes,” „may,” „will,” „would,” „could,” „should,” „seeks,” „estimates” and variations on these words and similar expressions are intended to identify such forward-looking statements. The consummation of the offering is subject to market conditions and other factors that are beyond our control. Accordingly, no assurance can be given that the offering will be completed on the contemplated terms or at all and you should not place undue reliance on any forward-looking statements contained in this press release. For a discussion of some of the risks and important factors that could affect such forward-looking statements, see Aircastle’s filings with the SEC and previously disclosed under „Risk Factors” in Item 1A of Aircastle’s 2016 Annual Report on Form 10-K. In addition, new risks and uncertainties emerge from time to time, and it is not possible for Aircastle to predict or assess the impact of every factor that may cause its actual results to differ from those contained in any forward-looking statements. Such forward-looking statements speak only as of the date of this press release. Aircastle expressly disclaims any obligation to revise or update publicly any forward-looking statement to reflect future events or circumstances. About Aircastle Limited Aircastle Limited acquires, leases and sells commercial jet aircraft to airlines throughout the world.  As of December 31, 2016, Aircastle owned and managed on behalf of its joint ventures 206 aircraft leased to 71 customers located in 36 countries. For more information on Aircastle, please visit www.aircastle.com. SOURCE Aircastle Limited CategoriesUncategorized TagsAcquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers, aircraft, base, Books, commission, general, jet, Markets, private, World Post navigation Previous PostPrevious FirstLight Home Care Now Offers Services in North Dakota Next PostNext OTCQX Best Market Celebrates 10th Anniversary Search Recent Posts Atradius annonce des Résultats en hausse de 19 % en 2016 Jaarresultaat Atradius 2016: stijging van 19 procent Atradius steigert das Jahresergebnis für 2016 um 19 Prozent Atradius: utile netto in crescita del 19% nel 2016 Talentoday, startup en technologie Ressources Humaines (RH), a réalisé une levée de fonds « Série A » de 3.49 millions de dollars Proudly powered by WordPress
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Endurance Specialty Holdings Ltd. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Endurance Specialty Holdings Ltd. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News DA Davidson Begins Coverage on WesBanco Inc (WSBC) Research Analysts’ Recent Ratings Updates for Priceline Group (PCLN) Amedisys (AMED) – Investment Analysts’ Weekly Ratings Updates Canadian Pacific Railway Limited (CP) Earns Outperform Rating from Credit Suisse Group AG Insider Buying: Air T, Inc. (AIRT) CEO Purchases 500 Shares of Stock Eyegate Pharmaceuticals Inc (EYEG) Director Morton Goldberg Sells 8,919 Shares Genie Energy Ltd. (GNE) Director James A. Courter Sells 5,000 Shares Insider Selling: Enterprise Products Partners L.P. (EPD) Insider Sells 15,000 Shares of Stock Ascena Retail Group Inc (ASNA) Issues FY17 Earnings Guidance Goldman Sachs Group Inc Reaffirms Neutral Rating for General Motors Company (GM) Korn/Ferry International (KFY) Posts Earnings Results Marvell Technology Group Ltd. (MRVL) Price Target Increased to $17.00 by Analysts at Benchmark Co. Immersion Co. (IMMR) Lowered to “Hold” at Craig Hallum Autodesk, Inc. (ADSK) Price Target Raised to $99.00 at Griffin Securities Marcus Corp (MCS) – Analysts’ Weekly Ratings Changes Saga Communications, Inc. to Issue Quarterly Dividend of $0.30 (SGA) Alphabet Inc (GOOGL) Given “Outperform” Rating at BMO Capital Markets Endeavour Silver Corp (EXK) Downgraded by Zacks Investment Research to “Strong Sell” Moody’s Corporation (MCO) Upgraded to Buy by Zacks Investment Research Caterpillar’s (CAT) “Hold” Rating Reaffirmed at Jefferies Group LLC Endurance Specialty Holdings Ltd. (ENH) Given Average Recommendation of “Hold” by Analysts March 6th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Trevor Kearing Filed Under: Consensus Rating Articles - Finance Tweet Endurance Specialty Holdings Ltd. (NYSE:ENH) has earned a consensus recommendation of “Hold” from the six research firms that are covering the firm. Six research analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating. The average 1 year price objective among brokerages that have updated their coverage on the stock in the last year is $93.00. Separately, Zacks Investment Research raised shares of Endurance Specialty Holdings from a “sell” rating to a “hold” rating in a research report on Wednesday, November 23rd. “Endurance Specialty Holdings Ltd. (ENH) Given Average Recommendation of “Hold” by Analysts” was first posted by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are viewing this article on another domain, it was illegally stolen and reposted in violation of U.S. & international copyright laws. The original version of this article can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/03/06/endurance-specialty-holdings-ltd-enh-given-average-recommendation-of-hold-by-analysts.html. Several hedge funds have recently added to or reduced their stakes in ENH. BlackRock Fund Advisors raised its stake in Endurance Specialty Holdings by 7.7% in the third quarter. BlackRock Fund Advisors now owns 2,300,019 shares of the company’s stock valued at $150,536,000 after buying an additional 163,714 shares during the last quarter. HBK Investments L P raised its stake in Endurance Specialty Holdings by 251.4% in the third quarter. HBK Investments L P now owns 22,900 shares of the company’s stock valued at $1,499,000 after buying an additional 16,384 shares during the last quarter. Gerstein Fisher raised its stake in Endurance Specialty Holdings by 52.3% in the third quarter. Gerstein Fisher now owns 4,812 shares of the company’s stock valued at $315,000 after buying an additional 1,652 shares during the last quarter. Oakbrook Investments LLC raised its stake in Endurance Specialty Holdings by 4.8% in the third quarter. Oakbrook Investments LLC now owns 6,565 shares of the company’s stock valued at $430,000 after buying an additional 300 shares during the last quarter. Finally, JPMorgan Chase & Co. raised its stake in Endurance Specialty Holdings by 8.6% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 121,131 shares of the company’s stock valued at $7,929,000 after buying an additional 9,548 shares during the last quarter. 82.67% of the stock is currently owned by hedge funds and other institutional investors. Shares of Endurance Specialty Holdings (NYSE:ENH) opened at 93.01 on Wednesday. The company has a market cap of $6.29 billion, a PE ratio of 18.87 and a beta of 0.56. Endurance Specialty Holdings has a 12 month low of $62.78 and a 12 month high of $93.31. The firm’s 50-day moving average price is $92.79 and its 200 day moving average price is $85.75. The company also recently declared a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Wednesday, March 15th. Stockholders of record on Thursday, March 9th will be given a dividend of $0.38 per share. This represents a $1.52 annualized dividend and a dividend yield of 1.63%. The ex-dividend date is Tuesday, March 7th. This is a positive change from Endurance Specialty Holdings’s previous quarterly dividend of $0.35. Endurance Specialty Holdings’s payout ratio is presently 25.33%. About Endurance Specialty Holdings Endurance Specialty Holdings Ltd. is a holding company. The Company, through its operating subsidiaries in Bermuda, the United States and the United Kingdom, focuses on underwriting specialty lines of personal and commercial property, and casualty insurance and reinsurance. It operates through two segments: Insurance and Reinsurance. Receive News & Ratings for Endurance Specialty Holdings Ltd. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Endurance Specialty Holdings Ltd. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News New Travel Ban by President Trump Could be Announced Monday Hackers Accessed Private Email of Mike Pence While He Was Governor President Trump’s First Address Optimistic Trump Asking for Steep Increases in Spending for Military President Trump Wants the Largest Nuclear Arsenal © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Novocure Ltd - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Novocure Ltd with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Ascena Retail Group Inc (ASNA) Issues FY17 Earnings Guidance Goldman Sachs Group Inc Reaffirms Neutral Rating for General Motors Company (GM) Korn/Ferry International (KFY) Posts Earnings Results Marvell Technology Group Ltd. (MRVL) Price Target Increased to $17.00 by Analysts at Benchmark Co. Immersion Co. (IMMR) Lowered to “Hold” at Craig Hallum Autodesk, Inc. (ADSK) Price Target Raised to $99.00 at Griffin Securities Marcus Corp (MCS) – Analysts’ Weekly Ratings Changes Saga Communications, Inc. to Issue Quarterly Dividend of $0.30 (SGA) Alphabet Inc (GOOGL) Given “Outperform” Rating at BMO Capital Markets Endeavour Silver Corp (EXK) Downgraded by Zacks Investment Research to “Strong Sell” Moody’s Corporation (MCO) Upgraded to Buy by Zacks Investment Research Caterpillar’s (CAT) “Hold” Rating Reaffirmed at Jefferies Group LLC ACI Worldwide Inc (ACIW) Lowered to “Market Perform” at Avondale Partners Edge Therapeutics Inc (EDGE) Now Covered by Analysts at Leerink Swann Burlington Stores Inc (BURL) Price Target Raised to $97.00 at Royal Bank of Canada La Jolla Pharmaceutical Company (LJPC) Stake Held by Tang Capital Partners LP Best Buy Co’s (BBY) “Buy” Rating Reaffirmed at Credit Suisse Group AG Dicks Sporting Goods Inc (DKS) Receives Buy Rating from Canaccord Genuity Summit Hotel Properties, Inc. (INN) Upgraded to “Buy” by Bank of America Corp Bridge Bancorp, Inc. (BDGE) Director Dennis A. Suskind Sells 2,000 Shares Novocure Ltd (NVCR) Raised to “Hold” at Zacks Investment Research March 6th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Patrick Bannon Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Finance Tweet Zacks Investment Research upgraded shares of Novocure Ltd (NASDAQ:NVCR) from a sell rating to a hold rating in a research report released on Tuesday morning. According to Zacks, “NovoCure Limited is an oncology company. The Company is engaged in developing a therapy called Tumor Treating Fields for the treatment of solid tumor cancers. It operates primarily in the United States, Germany, Switzerland and Japan. NovoCure Limited is based in Saint Helier, Channel Islands. “ NVCR has been the subject of several other research reports. JPMorgan Chase & Co. set a $14.00 target price on shares of Novocure and gave the company a buy rating in a research note on Wednesday, November 2nd. Wedbush reissued an outperform rating and issued a $20.00 target price on shares of Novocure in a research note on Friday, November 18th. Finally, Wells Fargo & Co downgraded shares of Novocure from an outperform rating to a market perform rating in a research note on Wednesday, January 11th. One investment analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, three have given a hold rating and three have assigned a buy rating to the stock. Novocure presently has an average rating of Hold and an average price target of $18.60. Novocure (NASDAQ:NVCR) opened at 7.70 on Tuesday. The stock has a 50 day moving average of $7.00 and a 200 day moving average of $7.83. Novocure has a 1-year low of $5.95 and a 1-year high of $18.72. The stock’s market cap is $670.45 million. Novocure (NASDAQ:NVCR) last released its quarterly earnings data on Thursday, February 23rd. The company reported ($0.26) EPS for the quarter, topping the consensus estimate of ($0.39) by $0.13. Novocure had a negative net margin of 219.29% and a negative return on equity of 69.89%. The business had revenue of $30.20 million for the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $26.95 million. Equities analysts expect that Novocure will post ($0.99) earnings per share for the current year. “Novocure Ltd (NVCR) Raised to “Hold” at Zacks Investment Research” was originally published by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are viewing this piece on another publication, it was stolen and republished in violation of US & international copyright and trademark legislation. The correct version of this piece can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/03/06/novocure-ltd-nvcr-raised-to-hold-at-zacks-investment-research.html. In related news, COO Michael J. Ambrogi sold 40,000 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction dated Wednesday, December 14th. The shares were sold at an average price of $8.97, for a total value of $358,800.00. Following the completion of the transaction, the chief operating officer now owns 259,084 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $2,323,983.48. The sale was disclosed in a filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is available at the SEC website. Also, COO Michael J. Ambrogi sold 10,000 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction dated Tuesday, December 6th. The shares were sold at an average price of $8.24, for a total transaction of $82,400.00. Following the completion of the transaction, the chief operating officer now directly owns 309,084 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $2,546,852.16. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Insiders sold a total of 182,500 shares of company stock valued at $1,591,575 in the last three months. 33.90% of the stock is currently owned by corporate insiders. Hedge funds and other institutional investors have recently made changes to their positions in the stock. Flinton Capital Management LLC purchased a new position in shares of Novocure during the fourth quarter valued at $111,000. Schwab Charles Investment Management Inc. increased its position in shares of Novocure by 465.5% in the second quarter. Schwab Charles Investment Management Inc. now owns 78,600 shares of the company’s stock valued at $918,000 after buying an additional 64,700 shares during the last quarter. Hartline Investment Corp increased its position in shares of Novocure by 69.4% in the third quarter. Hartline Investment Corp now owns 140,941 shares of the company’s stock valued at $1,204,000 after buying an additional 57,751 shares during the last quarter. Courage Capital Management LLC purchased a new position in shares of Novocure during the third quarter valued at $4,270,000. Finally, Tamarack Advisers LP purchased a new position in shares of Novocure during the third quarter valued at $6,557,000. 21.98% of the stock is owned by hedge funds and other institutional investors. Novocure Company Profile NovoCure Limited is a commercial-stage oncology company. The Company is engaged in developing a therapy called TTFields for the treatment of solid tumor cancers. TTFields is a low-toxicity anti-mitotic treatment that uses low-intensity, intermediate frequency, alternating electric fields to exert physical forces on molecules inside cancer cells, disrupting the basic machinery for normal cell division, leading to cancer cell death. Get a free copy of the Zacks research report on Novocure (NVCR) For more information about research offerings from Zacks Investment Research, visit Zacks.com Receive News & Ratings for Novocure Ltd Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Novocure Ltd and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News New Travel Ban by President Trump Could be Announced Monday Hackers Accessed Private Email of Mike Pence While He Was Governor President Trump’s First Address Optimistic Trump Asking for Steep Increases in Spending for Military President Trump Wants the Largest Nuclear Arsenal © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Senior plc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Senior plc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Scotiabank Reiterates Outperform Rating for Advantage Oil & Gas Ltd. (AAV) Raymond James Financial, Inc. Raises Canadian Apartment Properties REIT (CAR.UN) Price Target to C$35.00 Bank of Nova Scotia (BNS) PT Raised to C$86.00 at Desjardins Scotiabank Boosts Avigilon Corp (AVO) Price Target to C$16.00 LPL Financial Holdings Inc (lpla) to Issue Quarterly Dividend of $0.25 on March 24th Brokers Issue Forecasts for Babcock & Wilcox Enterprises Inc’s Q1 2017 Earnings (BW) Ideal Power Inc. (IPWR) Insider Buys $19,812.00 in Stock Cameco Corp (CCO) Director James Allan Dobchuk Buys 1,470 Shares Fossil Group Inc (FOSL) PT Lowered to $12.00 TD Securities Reiterates “Buy” Rating for Cascades Inc (CAS) Edge Therapeutics Inc (EDGE) Rating Reiterated by Leerink Swann Beaufort Securities Reaffirms “Speculative Buy” Rating for Amryt Pharma PLC (AMYT) Tritax Big Box REIT PLC (BBOX) Receives “Hold” Rating from Liberum Capital Deutsche Bank AG Boosts G4S plc (GFS) Price Target to GBX 230 Old Line Bancshares, Inc. (MD) (olbk) To Go Ex-Dividend on March 8th Pernix Therapeutics Holdings Inc (PTX) Scheduled to Post Earnings on Wednesday Savanna Energy Services Corp. (SVY) Scheduled to Post Earnings on Wednesday William Blair Analysts Increase Earnings Estimates for 3D Systems Co. (DDD) Carrols Restaurant Group, Inc. (TAST) PT Lowered to $17.00 United Continental Holdings Inc (UAL) Rating Reiterated by Sanford C. Bernstein Senior plc (SNR) Receives GBX 206.33 Average Price Target from Brokerages March 6th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Stacy Sanders Filed Under: Consensus Rating Articles - Finance Tweet Senior plc (LON:SNR) has been assigned an average rating of “Hold” from the twelve brokerages that are covering the company. Seven equities research analysts have rated the stock with a hold recommendation and five have issued a buy recommendation on the company. The average 12 month target price among brokerages that have updated their coverage on the stock in the last year is GBX 206.33 ($2.57). SNR has been the subject of a number of recent analyst reports. JPMorgan Chase & Co. restated a “neutral” rating and set a GBX 205 ($2.55) price target on shares of Senior plc in a research report on Monday, November 14th. Liberum Capital restated a “hold” rating and set a GBX 180 ($2.24) price target on shares of Senior plc in a research report on Friday, January 20th. Berenberg Bank restated a “buy” rating and set a GBX 220 ($2.74) price target on shares of Senior plc in a research report on Thursday, February 9th. Canaccord Genuity reduced their price target on shares of Senior plc from GBX 190 ($2.37) to GBX 170 ($2.12) and set a “hold” rating for the company in a research report on Tuesday, February 28th. Finally, Numis Securities Ltd restated a “buy” rating and set a GBX 225 ($2.80) price target on shares of Senior plc in a research report on Tuesday, December 6th. Senior plc (LON:SNR) opened at 192.244 on Wednesday. The company’s 50-day moving average price is GBX 195.79 and its 200 day moving average price is GBX 203.42. Senior plc has a 12 month low of GBX 161.00 and a 12 month high of GBX 245.00. The company’s market capitalization is GBX 805.12 million. The business also recently announced a dividend, which will be paid on Friday, May 26th. Investors of record on Thursday, April 27th will be given a GBX 4.62 ($0.06) dividend. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Thursday, April 27th. This is a positive change from Senior plc’s previous dividend of $1.95. This represents a yield of 2.63%. This news story was published by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are reading this news story on another site, it was illegally stolen and reposted in violation of US & international copyright laws. The legal version of this news story can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/03/06/senior-plc-snr-receives-gbx-206-33-average-price-target-from-brokerages.html. In related news, insider Andrew Bodenham bought 20,366 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Thursday, December 22nd. The stock was bought at an average cost of GBX 192 ($2.39) per share, for a total transaction of £39,102.72 ($48,713.99). Senior plc Company Profile Senior plc is a United Kingdom-based holding company. The Company is an engineering solutions provider. The Company designs, manufactures and markets high-technology components and systems for the principal original equipment producers in the aerospace, defense, land vehicle and energy markets. It operates in two divisions: Aerospace and Flexonics. Receive News & Ratings for Senior plc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Senior plc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News New Travel Ban by President Trump Could be Announced Monday Hackers Accessed Private Email of Mike Pence While He Was Governor President Trump’s First Address Optimistic Trump Asking for Steep Increases in Spending for Military President Trump Wants the Largest Nuclear Arsenal © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Meggitt plc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Meggitt plc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Scotiabank Reiterates Outperform Rating for Advantage Oil & Gas Ltd. (AAV) Raymond James Financial, Inc. Raises Canadian Apartment Properties REIT (CAR.UN) Price Target to C$35.00 Bank of Nova Scotia (BNS) PT Raised to C$86.00 at Desjardins Scotiabank Boosts Avigilon Corp (AVO) Price Target to C$16.00 LPL Financial Holdings Inc (lpla) to Issue Quarterly Dividend of $0.25 on March 24th Brokers Issue Forecasts for Babcock & Wilcox Enterprises Inc’s Q1 2017 Earnings (BW) Ideal Power Inc. (IPWR) Insider Buys $19,812.00 in Stock Cameco Corp (CCO) Director James Allan Dobchuk Buys 1,470 Shares Fossil Group Inc (FOSL) PT Lowered to $12.00 TD Securities Reiterates “Buy” Rating for Cascades Inc (CAS) Edge Therapeutics Inc (EDGE) Rating Reiterated by Leerink Swann Beaufort Securities Reaffirms “Speculative Buy” Rating for Amryt Pharma PLC (AMYT) Tritax Big Box REIT PLC (BBOX) Receives “Hold” Rating from Liberum Capital Deutsche Bank AG Boosts G4S plc (GFS) Price Target to GBX 230 Old Line Bancshares, Inc. (MD) (olbk) To Go Ex-Dividend on March 8th Pernix Therapeutics Holdings Inc (PTX) Scheduled to Post Earnings on Wednesday Savanna Energy Services Corp. (SVY) Scheduled to Post Earnings on Wednesday William Blair Analysts Increase Earnings Estimates for 3D Systems Co. (DDD) Carrols Restaurant Group, Inc. (TAST) PT Lowered to $17.00 United Continental Holdings Inc (UAL) Rating Reiterated by Sanford C. Bernstein Liberum Capital Reiterates Sell Rating for Meggitt plc (MGGT) March 6th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Patrick Bannon Filed Under: Analyst Articles - UK - Finance Tweet Liberum Capital reaffirmed their sell rating on shares of Meggitt plc (LON:MGGT) in a research report released on Tuesday. The brokerage currently has a GBX 360 ($4.48) price objective on the stock. MGGT has been the subject of several other reports. Panmure Gordon reaffirmed a sell rating and issued a GBX 325 ($4.05) target price on shares of Meggitt plc in a research report on Monday, December 19th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. dropped their target price on shares of Meggitt plc from GBX 470 ($5.86) to GBX 465 ($5.79) and set a  neutral rating for the company in a research report on Wednesday, November 16th. Goldman Sachs Group Inc reaffirmed a neutral rating and issued a GBX 463 ($5.77) target price on shares of Meggitt plc in a research report on Wednesday, December 7th. Deutsche Bank AG raised their target price on shares of Meggitt plc from GBX 370 ($4.61) to GBX 460 ($5.73) and gave the stock a hold rating in a research report on Monday, December 5th. Finally, Berenberg Bank reaffirmed a hold rating and issued a GBX 440 ($5.48) target price on shares of Meggitt plc in a research report on Thursday, February 9th. Four analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, eleven have assigned a hold rating and four have given a buy rating to the company’s stock. The stock currently has an average rating of Hold and a consensus target price of GBX 439.28 ($5.47). Shares of Meggitt plc (LON:MGGT) opened at 459.30 on Tuesday. The firm has a 50-day moving average of GBX 430.64 and a 200-day moving average of GBX 452.12. Meggitt plc has a 12 month low of GBX 361.80 and a 12 month high of GBX 485.10. The company’s market capitalization is GBX 3.56 billion. “Liberum Capital Reiterates Sell Rating for Meggitt plc (MGGT)” was originally reported by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are accessing this piece on another publication, it was illegally stolen and reposted in violation of United States and international trademark and copyright law. The correct version of this piece can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/03/06/liberum-capital-reiterates-sell-rating-for-meggitt-plc-mggt.html. The company also recently disclosed a dividend, which will be paid on Friday, May 5th. Shareholders of record on Thursday, March 23rd will be paid a dividend of GBX 10.30 ($0.13) per share. This is a positive change from Meggitt plc’s previous dividend of $4.80. This represents a yield of 2.19%. The ex-dividend date is Thursday, March 23rd. In other news, insider Tony Wood acquired 10,378 shares of Meggitt plc stock in a transaction on Tuesday, February 28th. The stock was acquired at an average cost of GBX 478 ($5.95) per share, for a total transaction of £49,606.84 ($61,799.98). Over the last 90 days, insiders have acquired 10,461 shares of company stock valued at $4,998,106. About Meggitt plc Meggitt PLC is an engineering company. The Company’s segments are Meggitt Aircraft Braking Systems, Meggitt Control Systems, Meggitt Polymers & Composites, Meggitt Sensing Systems and the Meggitt Equipment Group. Its Meggitt Aircraft Braking Systems is a supplier of aircraft wheels, brakes and brake control systems. Receive News & Ratings for Meggitt plc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Meggitt plc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News New Travel Ban by President Trump Could be Announced Monday Hackers Accessed Private Email of Mike Pence While He Was Governor President Trump’s First Address Optimistic Trump Asking for Steep Increases in Spending for Military President Trump Wants the Largest Nuclear Arsenal © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Moneysupermarket.Com Group PLC - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Moneysupermarket.Com Group PLC with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Scotiabank Reiterates Outperform Rating for Advantage Oil & Gas Ltd. (AAV) Raymond James Financial, Inc. Raises Canadian Apartment Properties REIT (CAR.UN) Price Target to C$35.00 Bank of Nova Scotia (BNS) PT Raised to C$86.00 at Desjardins Scotiabank Boosts Avigilon Corp (AVO) Price Target to C$16.00 LPL Financial Holdings Inc (lpla) to Issue Quarterly Dividend of $0.25 on March 24th Brokers Issue Forecasts for Babcock & Wilcox Enterprises Inc’s Q1 2017 Earnings (BW) Ideal Power Inc. (IPWR) Insider Buys $19,812.00 in Stock Cameco Corp (CCO) Director James Allan Dobchuk Buys 1,470 Shares Fossil Group Inc (FOSL) PT Lowered to $12.00 TD Securities Reiterates “Buy” Rating for Cascades Inc (CAS) Edge Therapeutics Inc (EDGE) Rating Reiterated by Leerink Swann Beaufort Securities Reaffirms “Speculative Buy” Rating for Amryt Pharma PLC (AMYT) Tritax Big Box REIT PLC (BBOX) Receives “Hold” Rating from Liberum Capital Deutsche Bank AG Boosts G4S plc (GFS) Price Target to GBX 230 Old Line Bancshares, Inc. (MD) (olbk) To Go Ex-Dividend on March 8th Pernix Therapeutics Holdings Inc (PTX) Scheduled to Post Earnings on Wednesday Savanna Energy Services Corp. (SVY) Scheduled to Post Earnings on Wednesday William Blair Analysts Increase Earnings Estimates for 3D Systems Co. (DDD) Carrols Restaurant Group, Inc. (TAST) PT Lowered to $17.00 United Continental Holdings Inc (UAL) Rating Reiterated by Sanford C. Bernstein Peel Hunt Downgrades Moneysupermarket.Com Group PLC (MONY) to Add March 6th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Stacy Sanders Filed Under: Analyst Articles - UK - Finance Tweet Peel Hunt cut shares of Moneysupermarket.Com Group PLC (LON:MONY) to an add rating in a research note published on Tuesday morning. Peel Hunt currently has GBX 370 ($4.61) target price on the stock, up from their prior target price of GBX 350 ($4.36). Several other research firms have also weighed in on MONY. JPMorgan Chase & Co. upped their target price on Moneysupermarket.Com Group PLC from GBX 350 ($4.36) to GBX 360 ($4.48) and gave the company an overweight rating in a report on Wednesday, November 2nd. Shore Capital reissued a buy rating and issued a GBX 340 ($4.24) target price on shares of Moneysupermarket.Com Group PLC in a report on Tuesday, February 21st. Barclays PLC upped their target price on Moneysupermarket.Com Group PLC from GBX 335 ($4.17) to GBX 345 ($4.30) and gave the company an equal weight rating in a report on Thursday, January 26th. Liberum Capital reissued a hold rating and issued a GBX 305 ($3.80) target price on shares of Moneysupermarket.Com Group PLC in a report on Thursday, January 19th. Finally, Investec reissued a buy rating and issued a GBX 350 ($4.36) target price on shares of Moneysupermarket.Com Group PLC in a report on Thursday, January 5th. Five research analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and six have assigned a buy rating to the company’s stock. The stock presently has an average rating of Buy and an average target price of GBX 352.45 ($4.39). Shares of Moneysupermarket.Com Group PLC (LON:MONY) opened at 340.30 on Tuesday. The firm’s market capitalization is GBX 1.86 billion. Moneysupermarket.Com Group PLC has a 12 month low of GBX 225.50 and a 12 month high of GBX 351.10. The company’s 50 day moving average price is GBX 325.45 and its 200-day moving average price is GBX 298.79. “Peel Hunt Downgrades Moneysupermarket.Com Group PLC (MONY) to Add” was posted by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are accessing this report on another website, it was illegally copied and reposted in violation of U.S. & international trademark & copyright law. The legal version of this report can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/03/06/peel-hunt-downgrades-moneysupermarket-com-group-plc-mony-to-add.html. The business also recently disclosed a dividend, which will be paid on Friday, May 12th. Stockholders of record on Thursday, April 6th will be given a GBX 7.10 ($0.09) dividend. This is an increase from Moneysupermarket.Com Group PLC’s previous dividend of $2.75. This represents a dividend yield of 2.15%. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Thursday, April 6th. Moneysupermarket.Com Group PLC Company Profile Moneysupermarket.com Group PLC provides services, tools and products for customers, through its brands, MoneySuperMarket, MoneySavingExpert and TravelSupermarket. The Company operates in five segments: Money, which offers customers the ability to search for and compare products, including credit cards, current accounts, mortgages, loans, savings accounts and business finance; Insurance, which offers customers the ability to search for and compare insurance products, such as breakdown, dental, home, life, medical, motor, pet and travel insurance; Home Services, which offers customers the ability to search for and compare products, such as broadband, mobile phones, vouchers, shopping and utilities; Travel, which operates under the brand name TravelSupermarket.com, and MoneySavingExpert.com., which is a consumer Website and is dedicated to cutting bills for customers. Receive News & Ratings for Moneysupermarket.Com Group PLC Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Moneysupermarket.Com Group PLC and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News New Travel Ban by President Trump Could be Announced Monday Hackers Accessed Private Email of Mike Pence While He Was Governor President Trump’s First Address Optimistic Trump Asking for Steep Increases in Spending for Military President Trump Wants the Largest Nuclear Arsenal © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance RPC Group PLC - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for RPC Group PLC with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Scotiabank Reiterates Outperform Rating for Advantage Oil & Gas Ltd. (AAV) Raymond James Financial, Inc. Raises Canadian Apartment Properties REIT (CAR.UN) Price Target to C$35.00 Bank of Nova Scotia (BNS) PT Raised to C$86.00 at Desjardins Scotiabank Boosts Avigilon Corp (AVO) Price Target to C$16.00 LPL Financial Holdings Inc (lpla) to Issue Quarterly Dividend of $0.25 on March 24th Brokers Issue Forecasts for Babcock & Wilcox Enterprises Inc’s Q1 2017 Earnings (BW) Ideal Power Inc. (IPWR) Insider Buys $19,812.00 in Stock Cameco Corp (CCO) Director James Allan Dobchuk Buys 1,470 Shares Fossil Group Inc (FOSL) PT Lowered to $12.00 TD Securities Reiterates “Buy” Rating for Cascades Inc (CAS) Edge Therapeutics Inc (EDGE) Rating Reiterated by Leerink Swann Beaufort Securities Reaffirms “Speculative Buy” Rating for Amryt Pharma PLC (AMYT) Tritax Big Box REIT PLC (BBOX) Receives “Hold” Rating from Liberum Capital Deutsche Bank AG Boosts G4S plc (GFS) Price Target to GBX 230 Old Line Bancshares, Inc. (MD) (olbk) To Go Ex-Dividend on March 8th Pernix Therapeutics Holdings Inc (PTX) Scheduled to Post Earnings on Wednesday Savanna Energy Services Corp. (SVY) Scheduled to Post Earnings on Wednesday William Blair Analysts Increase Earnings Estimates for 3D Systems Co. (DDD) Carrols Restaurant Group, Inc. (TAST) PT Lowered to $17.00 United Continental Holdings Inc (UAL) Rating Reiterated by Sanford C. Bernstein RPC Group PLC (RPC) Rating Reiterated by Peel Hunt March 6th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Patrick Bannon Filed Under: Analyst Articles - UK - Finance Tweet RPC Group PLC (LON:RPC)‘s stock had its “buy” rating reaffirmed by equities research analysts at Peel Hunt in a research report issued to clients and investors on Thursday. They presently have a GBX 1,135 ($14.14) price target on the stock. Peel Hunt’s price target points to a potential upside of 25.41% from the stock’s current price. Several other analysts have also recently weighed in on the stock. Jefferies Group LLC reissued a “buy” rating and issued a GBX 1,220 ($15.20) price objective on shares of RPC Group PLC in a research note on Thursday, February 16th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. reissued an “overweight” rating and issued a GBX 1,250 ($15.57) price objective on shares of RPC Group PLC in a research note on Friday, February 10th. Numis Securities Ltd reissued an “add” rating and issued a GBX 1,200 ($14.95) price objective on shares of RPC Group PLC in a research note on Thursday, February 9th. Berenberg Bank reissued a “buy” rating and issued a GBX 1,200 ($14.95) price objective on shares of RPC Group PLC in a research note on Thursday, February 9th. Finally, Credit Suisse Group AG reissued an “outperform” rating and issued a GBX 1,210 ($15.07) price objective on shares of RPC Group PLC in a research note on Tuesday, January 3rd. One analyst has rated the stock with a hold rating and eight have assigned a buy rating to the company. RPC Group PLC currently has a consensus rating of “Buy” and an average price target of GBX 1,140.56 ($14.21). Shares of RPC Group PLC (LON:RPC) opened at 892.32 on Thursday. The firm has a 50 day moving average price of GBX 1,019.04 and a 200 day moving average price of GBX 974.16. The firm’s market cap is GBX 1.68 billion. RPC Group PLC has a 1-year low of GBX 653.75 and a 1-year high of GBX 1,032.19. “RPC Group PLC (RPC) Rating Reiterated by Peel Hunt” was reported by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are accessing this piece of content on another website, it was stolen and republished in violation of United States and international trademark and copyright law. The legal version of this piece of content can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/03/06/rpc-group-plc-rpc-rating-reiterated-by-peel-hunt.html. In other news, insider Godwin Wong purchased 3,000 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction on Wednesday, February 22nd. The shares were acquired at an average price of GBX 926 ($11.54) per share, with a total value of £27,780 ($34,608.20). Also, insider Martin Towers purchased 6,499 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction on Friday, February 24th. The shares were purchased at an average cost of GBX 665 ($8.28) per share, for a total transaction of £43,218.35 ($53,841.22). About RPC Group PLC RPC Group Plc is a plastic products design and engineering company. The Company offers a range of consumer products and technical components for the packaging and non-packaging markets. The Company’s business is organized into two segments: Packaging and Non-packaging. The Packaging business serves the food, nonfood (including (general industrial, agrochemical and automotive), personal care (mass personal care, cosmetics and beauty), beverage and healthcare ((pharmaceuticals) markets. Receive News & Ratings for RPC Group PLC Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for RPC Group PLC and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News New Travel Ban by President Trump Could be Announced Monday Hackers Accessed Private Email of Mike Pence While He Was Governor President Trump’s First Address Optimistic Trump Asking for Steep Increases in Spending for Military President Trump Wants the Largest Nuclear Arsenal © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact US Privacy Policy Staff Daily Email Updates Headlines Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Investing Marks and Spencer Group Plc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Marks and Spencer Group Plc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Recent Posts Zacks Investment Research Downgrades Crocs, Inc. (CROX) to Strong Sell Orbital ATK, Inc. (OA) to Release Earnings on Wednesday Q1 2017 Earnings Estimate for Ferro Co. (FOE) Issued By Seaport Global Securities Allscripts Healthcare Solutions Inc (MDRX) Receives Consensus Recommendation of “Hold” from Analysts GlycoMimetics Inc (GLYC) Given Consensus Rating of “Buy” by Analysts The Chefs Warehouse, Inc (CHEF) Receives $14.75 Consensus Price Target from Brokerages PennyMac Financial Services Inc (PFSI) Given Consensus Recommendation of “Buy” by Analysts Hilton Worldwide Holdings Inc (HLT) To Go Ex-Dividend on March 8th Hudbay Minerals Inc (hbm) to Issue Semiannual Dividend of $0.01 on March 31st Infinity Property and Casualty Corp. (IPCC) To Go Ex-Dividend on March 8th Infinity Property and Casualty Corp. (IPCC) To Go Ex-Dividend on March 8th ITV plc (ITV) Receives Buy Rating from Shore Capital International Personal Finance Plc (IPF) Given Under Review Rating at Shore Capital Zacks Investment Research Lowers Spartan Motors Inc (SPAR) to Hold International Personal Finance Plc (IPF) Given Under Review Rating at Peel Hunt Mitie Group PLC’s (MTO) Sell Rating Reaffirmed at Liberum Capital Quaker Chemical Corp (KWR) Upgraded to “Hold” by Zacks Investment Research Research Analysts Offer Predictions for Granite Real Estate’s Q1 2017 Earnings (GRP.U) Wedbush Comments on Habit Restaurants Inc’s Q1 2017 Earnings (HABT) INC Research Holdings Inc (INCR) Expected to Earn Q1 2017 Earnings of $0.56 Per Share Marks and Spencer Group Plc (MKS) Earns “Buy” Rating from HSBC Holdings plc Posted by Jacob Kohn on Mar 6th, 2017 // No Comments Tweet HSBC Holdings plc reaffirmed their buy rating on shares of Marks and Spencer Group Plc (LON:MKS) in a report released on Tuesday morning. A number of other equities research analysts have also recently issued reports on the company. Jefferies Group LLC upgraded Marks and Spencer Group Plc to a buy rating and raised their target price for the company from GBX 250 ($3.11) to GBX 370 ($4.61) in a research note on Tuesday, February 28th. Deutsche Bank AG reiterated a hold rating and issued a GBX 350 ($4.36) target price on shares of Marks and Spencer Group Plc in a research note on Wednesday, February 15th. Credit Suisse Group AG reiterated a neutral rating and issued a GBX 370 ($4.61) target price on shares of Marks and Spencer Group Plc in a research note on Wednesday, January 25th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. reiterated a neutral rating and issued a GBX 370 ($4.61) target price on shares of Marks and Spencer Group Plc in a research note on Wednesday, January 25th. Finally, Haitong Bank reiterated a buy rating and issued a GBX 375 ($4.67) target price on shares of Marks and Spencer Group Plc in a research note on Wednesday, January 18th. Eight investment analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, seven have assigned a hold rating and nine have assigned a buy rating to the company. Marks and Spencer Group Plc presently has a consensus rating of Hold and an average price target of GBX 385.77 ($4.81). Shares of Marks and Spencer Group Plc (LON:MKS) opened at 334.90 on Tuesday. The company has a 50 day moving average of GBX 336.70 and a 200 day moving average of GBX 336.56. The stock’s market capitalization is GBX 5.43 billion. Marks and Spencer Group Plc has a 52-week low of GBX 255.10 and a 52-week high of GBX 448.00. “Marks and Spencer Group Plc (MKS) Earns “Buy” Rating from HSBC Holdings plc” was published by Web Breaking News and is the sole property of of Web Breaking News. If you are accessing this story on another publication, it was illegally copied and republished in violation of United States and international copyright & trademark legislation. The correct version of this story can be accessed at http://www.webbreakingnews.com/2017/03/06/marks-and-spencer-group-plc-mks-earns-buy-rating-from-hsbc-holdings-plc.html. Marks and Spencer Group Plc Company Profile Marks and Spencer Group plc (M&S) is a retailer in the United Kingdom, with over 1,380 stores around the world. The Company is the holding company of the Marks & Spencer Group of companies. The Company operates through two segments: UK and International. The UK segment consists of the United Kingdom retail business and the United Kingdom franchise operations. Receive News & Ratings for Marks and Spencer Group Plc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Marks and Spencer Group Plc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter. « Previous Morgan Stanley Increases Priceline Group Inc (PCLN) Price Target to $1,800.00 Next » Shire PLC’s (SHP) Buy Rating Reaffirmed at Deutsche Bank AG Latest News Nike Suspends Relationship with Maria Sharapova Rob Bironas Ex-Titans Kicker Dies in Car Crash Ron Washington Leaves Texas Rangers Due to an Affair Jonathan Dwyer Falls in Line with Other Banned NFL Players Tony Stewart Case Going to the Grand Jury Oscar Pistorius “Blade Runner” Found Not Guilty of Murder Leave a Reply Click here to cancel reply. Name (Required) Mail (will not be published) (Required) Website   Home Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Headlines Investing © 2006-2017 Web Breaking News.
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Esure Group PLC - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Esure Group PLC with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Scotiabank Reiterates Outperform Rating for Advantage Oil & Gas Ltd. (AAV) Raymond James Financial, Inc. Raises Canadian Apartment Properties REIT (CAR.UN) Price Target to C$35.00 Bank of Nova Scotia (BNS) PT Raised to C$86.00 at Desjardins Scotiabank Boosts Avigilon Corp (AVO) Price Target to C$16.00 LPL Financial Holdings Inc (lpla) to Issue Quarterly Dividend of $0.25 on March 24th Brokers Issue Forecasts for Babcock & Wilcox Enterprises Inc’s Q1 2017 Earnings (BW) Ideal Power Inc. (IPWR) Insider Buys $19,812.00 in Stock Cameco Corp (CCO) Director James Allan Dobchuk Buys 1,470 Shares Fossil Group Inc (FOSL) PT Lowered to $12.00 TD Securities Reiterates “Buy” Rating for Cascades Inc (CAS) Edge Therapeutics Inc (EDGE) Rating Reiterated by Leerink Swann Beaufort Securities Reaffirms “Speculative Buy” Rating for Amryt Pharma PLC (AMYT) Tritax Big Box REIT PLC (BBOX) Receives “Hold” Rating from Liberum Capital Deutsche Bank AG Boosts G4S plc (GFS) Price Target to GBX 230 Old Line Bancshares, Inc. (MD) (olbk) To Go Ex-Dividend on March 8th Pernix Therapeutics Holdings Inc (PTX) Scheduled to Post Earnings on Wednesday Savanna Energy Services Corp. (SVY) Scheduled to Post Earnings on Wednesday William Blair Analysts Increase Earnings Estimates for 3D Systems Co. (DDD) Carrols Restaurant Group, Inc. (TAST) PT Lowered to $17.00 United Continental Holdings Inc (UAL) Rating Reiterated by Sanford C. Bernstein Macquarie Reiterates “Neutral” Rating for Esure Group PLC (ESUR) March 6th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Tyrone Williams Filed Under: Analyst Articles - UK - Finance Tweet Macquarie restated their neutral rating on shares of Esure Group PLC (LON:ESUR) in a report published on Tuesday. Macquarie currently has a GBX 190 ($2.37) target price on the stock. Several other analysts have also recently commented on the company. Peel Hunt decreased their target price on Esure Group PLC from GBX 280 ($3.49) to GBX 190 ($2.37) and set a hold rating on the stock in a report on Thursday, November 3rd. JPMorgan Chase & Co. restated an overweight rating and set a GBX 340 ($4.24) target price on shares of Esure Group PLC in a report on Wednesday, November 2nd. Numis Securities Ltd upgraded Esure Group PLC to an add rating and set a GBX 220 ($2.74) target price on the stock in a report on Friday, November 4th. Barclays PLC increased their target price on Esure Group PLC from GBX 245 ($3.05) to GBX 247 ($3.08) and gave the stock an overweight rating in a report on Monday, November 21st. Finally, HSBC Holdings plc restated a buy rating on shares of Esure Group PLC in a report on Friday, November 18th. Three investment analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, seven have issued a hold rating and six have given a buy rating to the company. The stock presently has an average rating of Hold and an average price target of GBX 220.29 ($2.74). Esure Group PLC (LON:ESUR) opened at 215.80 on Tuesday. Esure Group PLC has a 52 week low of GBX 183.10 and a 52 week high of GBX 311.00. The company has a 50-day moving average price of GBX 203.25 and a 200-day moving average price of GBX 236.72. The stock’s market cap is GBX 897.94 million. “Macquarie Reiterates “Neutral” Rating for Esure Group PLC (ESUR)” was originally published by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are accessing this report on another site, it was illegally stolen and reposted in violation of United States & international copyright laws. The original version of this report can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/03/06/macquarie-reiterates-neutral-rating-for-esure-group-plc-esur.html. Esure Group PLC Company Profile esure Group plc is a holding company, which provides motor and home insurance products and services through its esure and Sheilas’ Wheels brands. The Company’s segments include motor underwriting, home underwriting, non-underwritten additional services and investments. The Motor underwriting segment includes the revenues and expenses attributable to its motor insurance underwriting activities inclusive of additional insurance products underwritten by it. Receive News & Ratings for Esure Group PLC Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Esure Group PLC and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News New Travel Ban by President Trump Could be Announced Monday Hackers Accessed Private Email of Mike Pence While He Was Governor President Trump’s First Address Optimistic Trump Asking for Steep Increases in Spending for Military President Trump Wants the Largest Nuclear Arsenal © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Glencore PLC - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Glencore PLC with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Scotiabank Reiterates Outperform Rating for Advantage Oil & Gas Ltd. (AAV) Raymond James Financial, Inc. Raises Canadian Apartment Properties REIT (CAR.UN) Price Target to C$35.00 Bank of Nova Scotia (BNS) PT Raised to C$86.00 at Desjardins Scotiabank Boosts Avigilon Corp (AVO) Price Target to C$16.00 LPL Financial Holdings Inc (lpla) to Issue Quarterly Dividend of $0.25 on March 24th Brokers Issue Forecasts for Babcock & Wilcox Enterprises Inc’s Q1 2017 Earnings (BW) Ideal Power Inc. (IPWR) Insider Buys $19,812.00 in Stock Cameco Corp (CCO) Director James Allan Dobchuk Buys 1,470 Shares Fossil Group Inc (FOSL) PT Lowered to $12.00 TD Securities Reiterates “Buy” Rating for Cascades Inc (CAS) Edge Therapeutics Inc (EDGE) Rating Reiterated by Leerink Swann Beaufort Securities Reaffirms “Speculative Buy” Rating for Amryt Pharma PLC (AMYT) Tritax Big Box REIT PLC (BBOX) Receives “Hold” Rating from Liberum Capital Deutsche Bank AG Boosts G4S plc (GFS) Price Target to GBX 230 Old Line Bancshares, Inc. (MD) (olbk) To Go Ex-Dividend on March 8th Pernix Therapeutics Holdings Inc (PTX) Scheduled to Post Earnings on Wednesday Savanna Energy Services Corp. (SVY) Scheduled to Post Earnings on Wednesday William Blair Analysts Increase Earnings Estimates for 3D Systems Co. (DDD) Carrols Restaurant Group, Inc. (TAST) PT Lowered to $17.00 United Continental Holdings Inc (UAL) Rating Reiterated by Sanford C. Bernstein Glencore PLC’s (GLEN) Overweight Rating Reiterated at Barclays PLC March 6th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Jeff Wilder Filed Under: Analyst Articles - UK - Finance Tweet Barclays PLC reaffirmed their overweight rating on shares of Glencore PLC (LON:GLEN) in a report published on Wednesday. They currently have a GBX 390 ($4.86) target price on the natural resources company’s stock. A number of other brokerages also recently commented on GLEN. JPMorgan Chase & Co. restated an underweight rating and set a GBX 260 ($3.24) price objective on shares of Glencore PLC in a research report on Friday, February 24th. Jefferies Group LLC restated a buy rating and set a GBX 380 ($4.73) price objective on shares of Glencore PLC in a research report on Friday, February 24th. Credit Suisse Group AG upped their price objective on shares of Glencore PLC from GBX 380 ($4.73) to GBX 400 ($4.98) and gave the stock an outperform rating in a research report on Friday, February 24th. Deutsche Bank AG restated a hold rating on shares of Glencore PLC in a research report on Tuesday, February 14th. Finally, Morgan Stanley downgraded shares of Glencore PLC to an underweight rating and cut their price objective for the stock from GBX 280 ($3.49) to GBX 230 ($2.87) in a research report on Monday, February 13th. Six analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, seven have given a hold rating and twelve have given a buy rating to the company’s stock. The stock has a consensus rating of Hold and a consensus price target of GBX 320.16 ($3.99). Glencore PLC (LON:GLEN) opened at 332.40 on Wednesday. The company’s 50-day moving average is GBX 318.49 and its 200-day moving average is GBX 256.79. The firm’s market capitalization is GBX 47.29 billion. Glencore PLC has a 52-week low of GBX 121.15 and a 52-week high of GBX 347.00. This story was originally posted by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are accessing this story on another domain, it was copied illegally and republished in violation of US and international copyright & trademark law. The legal version of this story can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/03/06/glencore-plcs-glen-overweight-rating-reiterated-at-barclays-plc.html. The business also recently disclosed a dividend, which will be paid on Tuesday, September 26th. Stockholders of record on Thursday, September 7th will be issued a dividend of GBX 0.04 ($0.00) per share. The ex-dividend date is Thursday, September 7th. This represents a dividend yield of 0.84%. About Glencore PLC Glencore plc is an integrated producer and marketer of commodities, such as metals and minerals, energy products, agricultural products and Corporate and other. The Metals and minerals segment is engaged in copper, zinc/lead, nickel, ferroalloys, alumina/aluminum and iron ore production and marketing. Receive News & Ratings for Glencore PLC Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Glencore PLC and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News New Travel Ban by President Trump Could be Announced Monday Hackers Accessed Private Email of Mike Pence While He Was Governor President Trump’s First Address Optimistic Trump Asking for Steep Increases in Spending for Military President Trump Wants the Largest Nuclear Arsenal © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact US Privacy Policy Staff Daily Email Updates Headlines Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Investing Aldermore Group PLC - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Aldermore Group PLC with our FREE daily email newsletter: Recent Posts Canadian Apartment Properties REIT (CAR.UN) Price Target Raised to C$36.00 Bank of Montreal (BMO) Price Target Raised to C$110.00 CIBC Boosts Avigilon Corp (AVO) Price Target to C$18.00 Investment Analysts’ Recent Ratings Updates for Pure Storage (PSTG) Enzymotec Ltd (ENZY) Receives Consensus Rating of “Hold” from Brokerages Daimler AG (DDAIF) Given $74.94 Average Target Price by Analysts Zacks: Analysts Set $1.50 Price Target for UQM Technologies Inc (UQM) Tucows Inc. (TCX) Receives Average Rating of “Hold” from Brokerages Zacks: Arotech Co. (ARTX) Given $4.50 Consensus Target Price by Analysts Bernard D. Berman Purchases 15,000 Shares of Fifth Street Finance Corp. (FSC) Stock Thomas L. Carter, Jr. Purchases 14,000 Shares of Black Stone Minerals LP (BSM) Stock Cotiviti Holdings Inc (COTV) Now Covered by Raymond James Financial, Inc. Canadian Western Bank (CWB) Stock Rating Upgraded by CIBC Cipher Pharmaceuticals Inc (CPH) Rating Reiterated by TD Securities Senior plc (SNR) Given “Neutral” Rating at JPMorgan Chase & Co. Barratt Developments Plc (BDEV) Receives Sell Rating from Liberum Capital WesBanco Inc (WSBC) to Issue Quarterly Dividend of $0.26 on April 1st Research Frontiers, Inc. (REFR) Set to Announce Earnings on Wednesday 3D Systems Co. (DDD) Expected to Earn Q1 2017 Earnings of $0.08 Per Share Goldman Sachs Group Inc Initiates Coverage on Infosys Ltd (INFY) Aldermore Group PLC (ALD) Given “Neutral” Rating at Credit Suisse Group AG Posted by William Strong on Mar 6th, 2017 // No Comments Tweet Aldermore Group PLC (LON:ALD)‘s stock had its “neutral” rating reaffirmed by investment analysts at Credit Suisse Group AG in a report issued on Monday. They presently have a GBX 210 ($2.62) price target on the stock. Credit Suisse Group AG’s target price indicates a potential downside of 12.13% from the company’s current price. Several other brokerages also recently commented on ALD. Barclays PLC reiterated an “overweight” rating and set a GBX 290 ($3.61) target price (up from GBX 270 ($3.36)) on shares of Aldermore Group PLC in a research note on Friday. JPMorgan Chase & Co. reiterated a “neutral” rating and set a GBX 250 ($3.11) target price on shares of Aldermore Group PLC in a research note on Friday. Deutsche Bank AG reiterated a “buy” rating on shares of Aldermore Group PLC in a research note on Friday. Panmure Gordon reiterated a “buy” rating and set a GBX 285 ($3.55) target price on shares of Aldermore Group PLC in a research note on Thursday. Finally, Liberum Capital reiterated a “buy” rating and set a GBX 245 ($3.05) target price on shares of Aldermore Group PLC in a research note on Thursday. Six equities research analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and seven have assigned a buy rating to the company. Aldermore Group PLC presently has an average rating of “Buy” and an average target price of GBX 235.25 ($2.93). Shares of Aldermore Group PLC (LON:ALD) opened at 240.40 on Monday. The firm’s market capitalization is GBX 828.75 million. The stock has a 50 day moving average price of GBX 223.51 and a 200-day moving average price of GBX 195.69. Aldermore Group PLC has a 52 week low of GBX 102.00 and a 52 week high of GBX 256.30. “Aldermore Group PLC (ALD) Given “Neutral” Rating at Credit Suisse Group AG” was published by Web Breaking News and is the property of of Web Breaking News. If you are accessing this news story on another site, it was copied illegally and republished in violation of US & international copyright and trademark laws. The correct version of this news story can be viewed at http://www.webbreakingnews.com/2017/03/06/aldermore-group-plc-ald-given-neutral-rating-at-credit-suisse-group-ag.html. About Aldermore Group PLC Receive News & Ratings for Aldermore Group PLC Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Aldermore Group PLC and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter. « Previous Credit Suisse Group AG Raises RSA Insurance Group plc (RSA) Price Target to GBX 690 Next » Serinus Energy Inc (SEN) Insider Acquires C$13,542,567.15 in Stock Latest News Nike Suspends Relationship with Maria Sharapova Rob Bironas Ex-Titans Kicker Dies in Car Crash Ron Washington Leaves Texas Rangers Due to an Affair Jonathan Dwyer Falls in Line with Other Banned NFL Players Tony Stewart Case Going to the Grand Jury Oscar Pistorius “Blade Runner” Found Not Guilty of Murder Leave a Reply Click here to cancel reply. Name (Required) Mail (will not be published) (Required) Website   Home Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Headlines Investing © 2006-2017 Web Breaking News.
Sections News Buy Photos Obituaries Archives Vietnam Revisited Most Wanted Meet the Police Above and Beyond Submit News Tips Cops and Courts Past 7 days Stocks and Finance Blogs Lost Photos Mommy Mentions Building Bookshelves Sports Penn State Golf Nascar Outdoors Past 7 days Opinion Thunder/Enlightning Past 7 Days People Games Lottery TV Listings Gas Prices Classifieds Classifieds NEPAAutoSource Real Estate Jobs Data Center School Databases Driving Pledge Schuylkill Living Magazine Latest Issue of SLM Advertise in SLM Shopping Circulars Coupons Marketplace Customer Service Contact Us Submit News Tips Manage my subscription Birthday Form Become a Carrier NIE e-Edition Calendar Subscribe UNLIMITED ACCESS SUBSCRIPTION A Pottsville Republican Herald Unlimited Access subscription gets you complete access to both our print and digital publications, delivered to your home, desktop and mobile devices 7 days a week Subscribe to home delivery Digital Only Subscription Read the digital e-Edition of The Republican Herald on your PC or mobile device, and have 24/7 access to breaking news, local sports, contests, and more at republicanherald.com or on our mobile apps. Digital Services Have news alerts sent to your mobile device, read the e-Edition sign up for daily newsletters, activate your unlimited access, enter contests, take quizzes, download our mobile apps and see the latest e-circulars. Contact Us   Manage your subscription, update your subscriber information, see frequently asked questions or request customer service support. Sign In News • Sports • Opinion • People • Obituaries • Photos • e-Edition • Classifieds • Marketplace Deeds, March 6, 2017 POLL Should companies ease up on dress codes? Yes No Show results This poll is not scientific and is meant for entertainment purposes. Vote for your favorite! Staff Reports / Published: March 6, 2017 Article Tools Font size – + Share This     Deeds Ashland — Elizabeth A. Setevage to John A. Setevage; property at North 29th and Chestnut streets; $1. Butler Township — Brian Engleman to Jose L. Pepin Jr. and Albeiry Meia; 630 Fountain St., Fountain Springs; $155,000. Francis and Mary A. Shukausky to Francis J. Shukausky and Michael J. Shukausky; 223 Germanville Road; $1. Cass Township — William J. Angelo to William P. Laughlin; 198 High Road; $60,000. Cressona — Corey A. and Korissa L. Evans to Myles McCutcheon; 19 Grove St.; $96,500. East Norwegian Township — The Gratz Bank to Michael Bennett; 378 Wayne Ave.; $4,500. Frackville — Justine Carado to Matthew J. and Melanie L. McCormick; 11 S. Railroad Ave.; $1. Gilberton — U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development to Donna Metz; 2042 Main St.; $6,240. Girardville — Barbara Pytak to The Community Mission; 122 Line St.; $1. Gordon — Neil N. and Shannon M. Stefanisko to Neil N. and Shannon M. Stefanisko; 612 McKnight St.; $1. Hegins Township — Minerva I. Starr to Dennis E. and Ursula A. Starr; property on Main Street, Valley View; $1. Mahanoy City — JPMorgan Chase Bank to Secretary of Veterans Affairs; 121 E. Pine St.; $1. Pennymac Loan Services LLC to Secretary of Housing and Urban Development; 929 E. Mahanoy Ave.; $1. Jay Jones to Adrianne Propp; 214 E. Pine St.; $12,000. McAdoo — Michael T. Johnson to Sheire M. Shigo; 510 E. Grant St.; $1. Minersville — U.S. Bank NA to Two Leg LLC; 204 Middle St.; $4,000. New Philadelphia — Jose L. Monroy to Kelcie Lynn Fitzpatrick; 163 Riverview Drive; $1. North Manheim Township — Bank of America NA to Joseph Henry Schoffstall; 1034 Woodland Drive; $90,000. North Union Township — Douglas Lawrence Schiefer and Diane Louise Schiefer to Schiefer Revocable Living Trust; 1035 Catawissa Creek Road; $1. Norwegian Township — Elaine Mataka, executrix under the Last Will & Testament of Harvey J. Reedy Jr., to Kelly Ann Smith; property; $24,900. Orwigsburg — Annette M. Stein to Brian Shannon; 101 Long Ave.; $50,000. Port Carbon — Daniel Krynock, individually and as executor of the Estate of Joseph Krynock, Martin Krynock and Michael Krynock to Roper-Furley Ventures LLC; 401 N. Coal St.; $44,000. Pottsville — Qi Fu Chen to Christopher Schoffstall; 449 E. Market St.; $45,000. Rush Township — Jack L. Shafer to Charles and Tracey Fabian; property; $105,000. Joseph R. Habel and Lori L. Dvorshock to Joseph R. Habel; 24 Oxford St., Hometown; $80,000. Gregory Sinn to Gregory Sinn; property on John Street, Hometown; $1. Saint Clair — Jose Luis Mooney Sr. and Jose Luis Mooney Jr. to Kelcie Lynn Fitzpatrick; 417 S. Second St.; $1. Schuylkill Haven — Bradley S. Strouphauer to Jared R. Uberti; 488 Schuylkill St.; $127,000. Schuylkill Township — Margaret E. Baransky to Howard T. Drogus III; 345 Valley St., Brockton; $7,000. Shenandoah — Grant L. Schadle to Maritza Peralta; property on Chestnut Street; $2,000. South Manheim Township — Alan W. Musket to American Escrow & Closing Co.; 1290 Running Deer Drive, Lake Wynonah; $155,000. American Escrow & Closing Co. to Charles Jr. and Cassandra Correll; 1290 Running Deer Drive, Lake Wynonah; $155,000. Andrew L. Wengert to John S. Bishop Jr.; 1752 Running Deer Drive, Lake Wynonah; $130,000. Tamaqua — Kelly A. Painter, executrix of the Estate of Anna Marie Hudock, to Blue Spruce Land Trust; 150 Spruce St.; $14,000. DDK Investment Group LLC to Jose Luis Lopez Medina; property on Pitt Street; $5,500. David G. and Kim Mu Yong Mooney to Robert C. and Andrea R. Dunn; property on Hazle Street; $42,000. Tower City — Todd M. and Jane M. Shuey to Todd M. and Jane M. Shuey; 844 E. Colliery Ave.; $1. Tremont — Marion S. Bhatt, executrix of the Last Will & Testament of Edward F. Mokritsky, to Stephanie N. Kramer and Christopher Keefer; 119 Vaux Ave.; $20,000. Wayne Township — Ronald R. and Esther J. Mengel to Carol Ann Mengel; 3.115-acre property on Legislative Route 53003; $1. Kenneth Ferraiolo and Lisa M. Hill to Kenneth Ferraiolo; 484 Blue Mountain Road, Summit Station; $1. Pamela L. Donovan to Pamela L. Donovan and Christopher E. Fsher; 500 Cherokee Drive, Lake Wynonah; $1. Robert A. Miller III and Kristine F. Miller-Siple, executors under the Last Will & Testament of Frances K. Miller, to Robert A. Miller III and Kristine F. Miller-Siple; 424 Moon Hill Drive; $1. Robert A. Miller III and Kristine F. Miller-Siple to Kristine F. Miller-Siple and Barry L. Siple; property on Township Road T-655; $1. West Brunswick Township — Timothy M. Foster to Mary Suzanne Fisher, Tammy Luckenbill and Jerry Katz; 4.187-acre property on Pine Creek Drive; $65,000. Martin L. II and Sharon L. Leymeister to Martin L. III and Amy C. Leymeister; 56-acre property; $1. Martin L. II and Sharon L. Leymeister to Martin L. III and Amy C. Leymeister; 46-acre property; $1. Bank of America NA to Joseph G. and Brenda B. Hoke; 1301 Village Road, Pinebrook; $95,000. West Mahanoy Township — Stephen W. Souchak to Stephen W. and Joann M. Souchak; 262 California Ave., Shenandoah Heights; $1. Peter A. Wojcik to Whendolie Cordero; 223 Arizona Ave., Shenandoah Heights; $87,500. Kathleen A. Brennan, administratrix of the Estate of Mary Ann Gay, to Kathleen A. Brennan; 200 Swatara Road, Shenandoah Heights; $1. We welcome user discussion on our site, under the following guidelines: To comment you must first create a profile and sign-in with a verified DISQUS account or social network ID. Sign up here. Comments in violation of the rules will be denied, and repeat violators will be banned. Please help police the community by flagging offensive comments for our moderators to review. By posting a comment, you agree to our full terms and conditions. Click here to read terms and conditions. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. comments powered by Disqus 111 Mahantongo Street Pottsville, PA 17901 1-570-622-3456 CONTACT US Copyright ©2017 Pottsville Republican, Inc. PRIVACY POLICY | OPINION POSTING POLICY | ABOUT OUR ADS | Questions or comments? CONTACT US SUBSCRIBE HOME DELIVERY DIGITAL SUBSCRIPTIONS NEWSLETTERS ALERTS NEWS OBITUARIES SPORTS PEOPLE OPINION CONTACT JOBS CLASSIFIEDS MARKETPLACE PLACE AN AD FIND POTTSVILLE JOBS Facebook Twitter      
Home About/Contact US Privacy Policy Staff Daily Email Updates Headlines Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Investing Tui AG - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Tui AG with our FREE daily email newsletter: Recent Posts Canadian Apartment Properties REIT (CAR.UN) Price Target Raised to C$36.00 Bank of Montreal (BMO) Price Target Raised to C$110.00 CIBC Boosts Avigilon Corp (AVO) Price Target to C$18.00 Investment Analysts’ Recent Ratings Updates for Pure Storage (PSTG) Enzymotec Ltd (ENZY) Receives Consensus Rating of “Hold” from Brokerages Daimler AG (DDAIF) Given $74.94 Average Target Price by Analysts Zacks: Analysts Set $1.50 Price Target for UQM Technologies Inc (UQM) Tucows Inc. (TCX) Receives Average Rating of “Hold” from Brokerages Zacks: Arotech Co. (ARTX) Given $4.50 Consensus Target Price by Analysts Bernard D. Berman Purchases 15,000 Shares of Fifth Street Finance Corp. (FSC) Stock Thomas L. Carter, Jr. Purchases 14,000 Shares of Black Stone Minerals LP (BSM) Stock Cotiviti Holdings Inc (COTV) Now Covered by Raymond James Financial, Inc. Canadian Western Bank (CWB) Stock Rating Upgraded by CIBC Cipher Pharmaceuticals Inc (CPH) Rating Reiterated by TD Securities Senior plc (SNR) Given “Neutral” Rating at JPMorgan Chase & Co. Barratt Developments Plc (BDEV) Receives Sell Rating from Liberum Capital WesBanco Inc (WSBC) to Issue Quarterly Dividend of $0.26 on April 1st Research Frontiers, Inc. (REFR) Set to Announce Earnings on Wednesday 3D Systems Co. (DDD) Expected to Earn Q1 2017 Earnings of $0.08 Per Share Goldman Sachs Group Inc Initiates Coverage on Infosys Ltd (INFY) Deutsche Bank AG Reiterates Buy Rating for Tui AG (TUI) Posted by Dave Schultz on Mar 6th, 2017 // No Comments Tweet Tui AG (LON:TUI)‘s stock had its “buy” rating reiterated by investment analysts at Deutsche Bank AG in a research report issued to clients and investors on Thursday. A number of other brokerages have also recently issued reports on TUI. JPMorgan Chase & Co. increased their price objective on Tui AG from GBX 1,305 ($16.26) to GBX 1,340 ($16.69) and gave the stock an “overweight” rating in a report on Thursday, February 16th. Barclays PLC dropped their price objective on Tui AG from GBX 1,230 ($15.32) to GBX 1,170 ($14.58) and set an “overweight” rating on the stock in a report on Friday, December 9th. Shore Capital reissued a “buy” rating on shares of Tui AG in a report on Tuesday, February 14th. Credit Suisse Group AG cut Tui AG to an “underperform” rating and set a GBX 1,040 ($12.96) price objective on the stock. in a report on Wednesday, January 11th. Finally, Morgan Stanley cut Tui AG to an “equal weight” rating and dropped their price objective for the stock from GBX 1,200 ($14.95) to GBX 1,100 ($13.70) in a report on Thursday, November 17th. Two equities research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, two have assigned a hold rating and five have issued a buy rating to the stock. The company has an average rating of “Hold” and a consensus price target of GBX 1,166.25 ($14.53). Shares of Tui AG (LON:TUI) opened at 1131.00 on Thursday. The stock’s 50 day moving average price is GBX 1,149.86 and its 200 day moving average price is GBX 1,085.35. Tui AG has a 12-month low of GBX 813.00 and a 12-month high of GBX 1,231.00. The company’s market capitalization is GBX 6.49 billion. This news story was originally published by Web Breaking News and is the sole property of of Web Breaking News. If you are accessing this news story on another domain, it was illegally stolen and republished in violation of US & international copyright legislation. The correct version of this news story can be read at http://www.webbreakingnews.com/2017/03/06/deutsche-bank-ag-reiterates-buy-rating-for-tui-ag-tui.html. About Tui AG TUI AG is a Germany-based company that, through its subsidiaries, is engaged in providing fully-integrated tourism services. The Company’s core activities involve the sale of flight and cruise tickets, tours and hotel accommodation as individual components or packaged tours, to wholesale customers, such as travel agencies, tour operators, as well as individual customers, through Internet portals and its operator brands, such as TUI and Thomson. Receive News & Ratings for Tui AG Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Tui AG and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter. « Previous Liberum Capital Reiterates Hold Rating for Spirent Communications Plc (SPT) Next » Taylor Wimpey plc (TW) Earns “Buy” Rating from Beaufort Securities Latest News Nike Suspends Relationship with Maria Sharapova Rob Bironas Ex-Titans Kicker Dies in Car Crash Ron Washington Leaves Texas Rangers Due to an Affair Jonathan Dwyer Falls in Line with Other Banned NFL Players Tony Stewart Case Going to the Grand Jury Oscar Pistorius “Blade Runner” Found Not Guilty of Murder Leave a Reply Click here to cancel reply. Name (Required) Mail (will not be published) (Required) Website   Home Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Headlines Investing © 2006-2017 Web Breaking News.
WSJ WSJ LIVE WSJ Live on Facebook WSJ Live on Twitter MARKETWATCH MarketWatch on Facebook MarketWatch on Twitter BARRON'S <h4>Barrons on Facebook</h4><div style="border: none; padding: 2px 3px;" class="fb-like" data-href="http://www.facebook.com/barronsonline" data-send="false" data-layout="button_count" data-width="250" data-show-faces="false" data-action="recommend"></div> <h4>Barrons on Twitter</h4><a href="https://twitter.com/barronsonline" class="twitter-follow-button" data-show-count="true">Follow @barronsonline</a> DJX Product X on Facebook Product X on Twitter RT F R&C PE&VC WSJ B MORE Mansion Global WSJ Secure BigCharts Financial News Professor Journal Realtor.com Student Journal Virtual Stock Exchange WSJ Classifieds WSJ Classrooms WSJ Wine Search Asia Edition U.S. Edition   Subscribe Log In Home Magazine This Week's Edition Past Editions New: Cartoons Daily All Coverage Barron's Take Weekday Trader Up & Down Wall St. Daily Getting Technical Striking Price Daily Wall Street's Best Minds Read This, Spike That Stocks to Watch Today Asia Stocks to Watch Income Investing Tech Trader Daily Focus on Funds Emerging Markets Q&A Video Center Investing Ideas Overview Barron's Picks & Pans Mutual Funds / ETFs Hedge Funds Stocks Center Commodities Center Bonds Center Options Center Barron's Take Weekday Trader Stock Alert Inside Scoop Ahead of the Crowd Focus on Funds Stocks to Watch Today Barron's Roundtable Advisor Center Overview Top 100 Advisors Top 100 Women Advisors Top 100 Independent Advisors Top 1,200 Advisors Advisor Profiles Market Data Market Data Center Market Lab Economic Calendar Watchlist Stock Grader Stock & Fund Tables Barron's 400 PENTA Penta Magazine Penta Daily Penta Archives Barron's NEXT Balancing the Books Chasing Stevie Cohen SAC Capital’s Cohen was chastised by the courts but is permitted to return to the hedge fund business in 2018. Also, does time even exist? By Gene Epstein Biography March 4, 2017 1:55 a.m. ET Reviewed by Martin Fridson In the investment world, what you don’t know can definitely hurt you. Fifteen or so years ago, a headhunter called me about an opening as chief operating officer at the hedge fund SAC Capital Advisors. All I knew about the firm was that its founder, Steven A. Cohen, produced outstanding returns and gave his portfolio managers considerable autonomy. The discussion went no further than the initial call,... Get The Full Story Subscribe   or   Log In Want to participate in the discussion? Already a subscriber? Log in for complete access. Powered by Livefyre Most Popular 1. Apple’s About to Get A Second Bite at the iPhone Subscriber Content Read Preview 2. JetBlue and Other Airlines Hurt after Delta Warning Subscriber Content Read Preview 3. Stocks are Overvalued Subscriber Content Read Preview 4. Snap’s Stock Price Could Be Cut in Half Subscriber Content Read Preview 5. Is India Lying About Its World Beating Economy? Subscriber Content Read Preview See Full List Latest Market Videos 1 Barron's Bounce: Snap, Range Resources, Xerox 2 Must-Know Credit Card Benefits 3 Four Tips for Tax Season Barron's Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn YouTube RSS Feed AppStore Google Play Return to Top« Customer Service Customer Center Contact Us Live Help Refer Your Friends to Barron's and Get Rewarded. Learn More Create an Account Subscribe to Barron's Magazine Subscribers: Activate Your Digital Access About Barrons.com Advertising Masthead Privacy Policy Updated Cookie Policy Data Policy Copyright Policy Subscriber Agreement & Terms of Use Your Ad Choices Community Guidelines Also From Barron's Conferences Reprints Classifieds College Program Find a Broker Barron's in Japanese Tools & Services Mobile Site Email Newsletters Barron's on iPad/iPhone Barron's on Android Watchlist Video Annual Reports StockGrader Barron's 400 Economic Calendar Stock & Mutual Fund Listings Commodities, Options & Annuities Listings Fund Prospectuses ACAP Enabled Copyright ©2017 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
Home About/Contact US Privacy Policy Staff Daily Email Updates Headlines Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Investing Inogen Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Inogen Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Recent Posts Canadian Apartment Properties REIT (CAR.UN) Price Target Raised to C$36.00 Bank of Montreal (BMO) Price Target Raised to C$110.00 CIBC Boosts Avigilon Corp (AVO) Price Target to C$18.00 Investment Analysts’ Recent Ratings Updates for Pure Storage (PSTG) Enzymotec Ltd (ENZY) Receives Consensus Rating of “Hold” from Brokerages Daimler AG (DDAIF) Given $74.94 Average Target Price by Analysts Zacks: Analysts Set $1.50 Price Target for UQM Technologies Inc (UQM) Tucows Inc. (TCX) Receives Average Rating of “Hold” from Brokerages Zacks: Arotech Co. (ARTX) Given $4.50 Consensus Target Price by Analysts Bernard D. Berman Purchases 15,000 Shares of Fifth Street Finance Corp. (FSC) Stock Thomas L. Carter, Jr. Purchases 14,000 Shares of Black Stone Minerals LP (BSM) Stock Cotiviti Holdings Inc (COTV) Now Covered by Raymond James Financial, Inc. Canadian Western Bank (CWB) Stock Rating Upgraded by CIBC Cipher Pharmaceuticals Inc (CPH) Rating Reiterated by TD Securities Senior plc (SNR) Given “Neutral” Rating at JPMorgan Chase & Co. Barratt Developments Plc (BDEV) Receives Sell Rating from Liberum Capital WesBanco Inc (WSBC) to Issue Quarterly Dividend of $0.26 on April 1st Research Frontiers, Inc. (REFR) Set to Announce Earnings on Wednesday 3D Systems Co. (DDD) Expected to Earn Q1 2017 Earnings of $0.08 Per Share Goldman Sachs Group Inc Initiates Coverage on Infosys Ltd (INFY) Inogen Inc (INGN) Stock Rating Upgraded by TheStreet Posted by Jacob Kohn on Mar 6th, 2017 // No Comments Tweet TheStreet upgraded shares of Inogen Inc (NASDAQ:INGN) from a c rating to a b- rating in a report published on Tuesday morning. A number of other equities research analysts also recently issued reports on INGN. Needham & Company LLC increased their price objective on Inogen from $78.00 to $83.00 and gave the stock a strong-buy rating in a research report on Wednesday, March 1st. Stifel Nicolaus increased their price objective on Inogen to $65.00 in a research report on Wednesday, March 1st. Zacks Investment Research upgraded Inogen from a hold rating to a buy rating and set a $77.00 price objective on the stock in a research report on Thursday. Finally, JPMorgan Chase & Co. set a $78.00 price objective on Inogen and gave the stock a buy rating in a research report on Wednesday, March 1st. Two investment analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating, three have given a buy rating and one has given a strong buy rating to the company’s stock. The company currently has an average rating of Buy and an average price target of $68.17. Shares of Inogen (NASDAQ:INGN) opened at 73.26 on Tuesday. Inogen has a 52-week low of $32.76 and a 52-week high of $79.94. The company has a market cap of $1.48 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 103.18 and a beta of 1.07. The firm has a 50 day moving average price of $66.98 and a 200-day moving average price of $62.47. This piece was originally reported by Web Breaking News and is the property of of Web Breaking News. If you are accessing this piece on another website, it was illegally copied and republished in violation of US & international trademark and copyright legislation. The correct version of this piece can be accessed at http://www.webbreakingnews.com/2017/03/06/inogen-inc-ingn-stock-rating-upgraded-by-thestreet.html. In other Inogen news, EVP Brenton Taylor sold 31,823 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction dated Tuesday, January 3rd. The stock was sold at an average price of $65.69, for a total transaction of $2,090,452.87. Following the sale, the executive vice president now owns 63,674 shares in the company, valued at $4,182,745.06. The transaction was disclosed in a document filed with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is available at the SEC website. Also, CEO Raymond Huggenberger sold 8,000 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction dated Thursday, December 15th. The shares were sold at an average price of $65.59, for a total value of $524,720.00. Following the sale, the chief executive officer now owns 14,808 shares in the company, valued at approximately $971,256.72. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Insiders have sold 59,358 shares of company stock worth $3,897,236 in the last 90 days. Company insiders own 5.18% of the company’s stock. A number of large investors have recently added to or reduced their stakes in INGN. Norges Bank purchased a new stake in Inogen during the fourth quarter worth $18,813,000. Congress Asset Management Co. MA purchased a new stake in Inogen during the fourth quarter worth $539,000. Guggenheim Capital LLC purchased a new stake in Inogen during the fourth quarter worth $211,000. Tudor Investment Corp Et Al purchased a new stake in Inogen during the fourth quarter worth $289,000. Finally, Menta Capital LLC increased its stake in Inogen by 115.2% in the fourth quarter. Menta Capital LLC now owns 15,504 shares of the medical technology company’s stock worth $1,041,000 after buying an additional 8,300 shares during the last quarter. Inogen Company Profile Inogen, Inc is a medical technology company. The Company is engaged in developing, manufacturing and marketing portable oxygen concentrators used to deliver supplemental long-term oxygen therapy to patients suffering from chronic respiratory conditions. The Company’s Inogen One systems concentrate the air around the patient to offer a single source of supplemental oxygen anytime, anywhere with a portable device weighing approximately 4.8 or seven pounds. Receive News & Ratings for Inogen Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Inogen Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter. « Previous WM Morrison Supermarkets PLC (MRW) Receives “Hold” Rating from Deutsche Bank AG Next » Black Diamond Group Ltd (BDI) Rating Lowered to Sector Perform Under Weight at National Bank Financial Latest News Nike Suspends Relationship with Maria Sharapova Rob Bironas Ex-Titans Kicker Dies in Car Crash Ron Washington Leaves Texas Rangers Due to an Affair Jonathan Dwyer Falls in Line with Other Banned NFL Players Tony Stewart Case Going to the Grand Jury Oscar Pistorius “Blade Runner” Found Not Guilty of Murder Leave a Reply Click here to cancel reply. Name (Required) Mail (will not be published) (Required) Website   Home Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Headlines Investing © 2006-2017 Web Breaking News.
Financial News Top Stories News View People Brexit Events & Awards Search Profile View Iksil case shows watchdogs chase minnows while the whales go free In JP Morgan's London Whale saga, as with the Libor scandal, there are many more senior executives who have avoided any penalties Mark Bridger / Getty Images By David Wighton March 6, 2017 Updated: 9:35 a.m. GMT Five years after the “London Whale” trading scandal left JP Morgan Chase with losses of more than $6 billion, US regulators are having one last go at landing a catch. But only a minnow. The big fish, as usual, swim free. The threat by the US Federal Reserve to take action against Bruno Iksil is another example of how unfair and ineffective regulators have been in their efforts to hold individuals to account for huge financial misdeeds. Whatever blame should attach to Iksil, his treatment looks like pretty rough justice.... To Read the Full Story, Start Your Free Trial or Sign In Filter by Topic Asset Management Investment Banking Hedge Funds Trading Private Equity Regulation Politics Fintech Lists EDITOR'S PICKS 1. Meet the JP Morgan banker mixing oil and water 2. Restoring trust in expertise 3. Axa IM heads for the high street after ‘record’ year 4. Snap IPO: high price and big pop mean nothing 5. Schroders CEO aims to slay the passive ‘bogeyman’ Top Stories The London Whale resurfaces: Bruno Iksil speaks out Banks struggling to meet latest rules for senior managers The bankers bringing Standard Life and Aberdeen together Market-maker Citadel Securities hires traders in Europe Deutsche Bank makes u-turn on Cryan’s investment bank split FURTHER READING FURTHER READING News City gives thumbs-up to Aberdeen-Standard Life City gives thumbs-up to Aberdeen-Standard Life Market analysts are upbeat and fund advisers seem sanguine for the moment, though others warn of personnel disruption to come In-depth Women in finance: FN wants your views Women in finance: FN wants your views FN's seventh Women in Finance Survey will gauge how women believe gender affects their working lives View America’s bad border tax America’s bad border tax The planned tax would not actually protect US firms from foreign competition and would create new problems © 2017 FINANCIAL NEWS The News Building 1 London Bridge Street London, SE1 9GF PROFILE Free Trial Sign In Reset Password ABOUT Feedback Contact Us FAQ Copyright Licenses Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Updated Terms & Conditions Corrections SECTIONS News View People Brexit Asset Management Investment Banking Trading Fintech Politics Events & Awards Lists
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Belden Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Belden Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Zacks Investment Research Lowers Spectranetics Corp (SPNC) to Sell Zacks Investment Research Lowers Spartan Motors Inc (SPAR) to Hold Piper Jaffray Companies Lowers IBERIABANK Corporation (IBKC) to Neutral Inogen Inc (INGN) Price Target Raised to $65.00 Lake Street Capital Raises CyberOptics Co. (CYBE) Price Target to $35.00 Comfort Systems USA, Inc. (FIX) Rating Increased to Buy at Zacks Investment Research Endo International PLC (ENDP) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Mizuho Galapagos NV (GLPG) Research Coverage Started at Nomura Nomura Begins Coverage on MacroGenics Inc (MGNX) International Speedway Corp (ISCA) Coverage Initiated by Analysts at Sidoti Cyclacel Pharmaceuticals Inc (CYCC) Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research to Buy Twilio Inc (TWLO) Upgraded at Northland Securities BTIG Research Reiterates Buy Rating for Domino's Pizza, Inc. (DPZ) Domino's Pizza, Inc. (DPZ) PT Raised to $186.00 at Maxim Group 3D Systems Corporation (DDD) Price Target Raised to $15.00 3D Systems Corporation (DDD) Earns “Market Perform” Rating from FBR & Co Evolent Health Inc (EVH) Given a $24.00 Price Target by Leerink Swann Analysts Guggenheim Upgrades Atlantica Yield PLC (ABY) to “Buy” Triumph Bancorp Inc (TBK) Receives Average Rating of “Buy” from Brokerages Zacks: Babcock Intl Group (BCKIY) Given Average Recommendation of “Strong Buy” by Brokerages Equities Analysts Issue Forecasts for Belden Inc.’s Q1 2017 Earnings (BDC) March 5th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Trevor Kearing Filed Under: Analyst Articles - Estimates - Finance Tweet Belden Inc. (NYSE:BDC) – Equities research analysts at Seaport Global Securities issued their Q1 2017 earnings per share (EPS) estimates for Belden in a research note issued to investors on Thursday. Seaport Global Securities analyst M. Mccall anticipates that the brokerage will earn $0.90 per share for the quarter. Seaport Global Securities currently has a “Buy” rating and a $82.00 target price on the stock. Seaport Global Securities also issued estimates for Belden’s Q2 2017 earnings at $1.10 EPS, Q3 2017 earnings at $1.34 EPS, Q4 2017 earnings at $1.69 EPS, FY2017 earnings at $5.10 EPS and FY2018 earnings at $5.50 EPS. BDC has been the subject of a number of other reports. Drexel Hamilton began coverage on shares of Belden in a report on Friday, February 10th. They issued a “hold” rating for the company. Zacks Investment Research raised shares of Belden from a “strong sell” rating to a “hold” rating in a report on Tuesday, December 6th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. began coverage on shares of Belden in a report on Monday, February 13th. They issued a “neutral” rating and a $76.00 price target for the company. Canaccord Genuity reissued a “buy” rating and issued a $83.00 price target on shares of Belden in a report on Tuesday, December 6th. Finally, Deutsche Bank AG began coverage on shares of Belden in a report on Thursday, December 15th. They issued a “buy” rating and a $85.00 price target for the company. Four analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and five have given a buy rating to the company. The company currently has a consensus rating of “Buy” and an average price target of $81.71. “Equities Analysts Issue Forecasts for Belden Inc.’s Q1 2017 Earnings (BDC)” was posted by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are reading this report on another site, it was illegally stolen and republished in violation of U.S. & international trademark & copyright legislation. The original version of this report can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/03/05/equities-analysts-issue-forecasts-for-belden-inc-s-q1-2017-earnings-bdc.html. Shares of Belden (NYSE:BDC) opened at 72.16 on Monday. The firm has a market capitalization of $3.04 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 27.23 and a beta of 2.24. The stock has a 50 day moving average of $75.25 and a 200-day moving average of $72.13. Belden has a 52 week low of $54.37 and a 52 week high of $81.33. Belden (NYSE:BDC) last issued its quarterly earnings results on Thursday, February 2nd. The company reported $1.42 earnings per share for the quarter, topping analysts’ consensus estimates of $1.40 by $0.02. The company earned $612.40 million during the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $616.10 million. Belden had a net margin of 5.43% and a return on equity of 20.29%. The business’s revenue for the quarter was up .9% compared to the same quarter last year. During the same period in the prior year, the business posted $1.63 EPS. Several institutional investors have recently made changes to their positions in BDC. Envestnet Asset Management Inc. acquired a new position in shares of Belden during the fourth quarter worth about $105,000. Public Employees Retirement System of Ohio boosted its position in shares of Belden by 14.1% in the second quarter. Public Employees Retirement System of Ohio now owns 2,411 shares of the company’s stock worth $146,000 after buying an additional 298 shares in the last quarter. Elkfork Partners LLC acquired a new position in shares of Belden during the fourth quarter worth about $159,000. Advisors Asset Management Inc. boosted its position in shares of Belden by 7.1% in the third quarter. Advisors Asset Management Inc. now owns 2,489 shares of the company’s stock worth $172,000 after buying an additional 165 shares in the last quarter. Finally, MUFG Americas Holdings Corp acquired a new position in shares of Belden during the fourth quarter worth about $175,000. In other news, CEO John S. Stroup sold 15,000 shares of the stock in a transaction on Tuesday, December 6th. The shares were sold at an average price of $77.00, for a total value of $1,155,000.00. Following the completion of the transaction, the chief executive officer now owns 44,969 shares in the company, valued at approximately $3,462,613. The sale was disclosed in a filing with the SEC, which is available at this link. Also, Director Judy L. Brown sold 9,000 shares of the stock in a transaction on Tuesday, January 3rd. The shares were sold at an average price of $76.50, for a total transaction of $688,500.00. Following the completion of the transaction, the director now owns 13,268 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $1,015,002. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. In the last 90 days, insiders sold 65,627 shares of company stock valued at $5,041,205. Corporate insiders own 1.37% of the company’s stock. The firm also recently disclosed a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Wednesday, April 5th. Stockholders of record on Thursday, March 16th will be paid a $0.05 dividend. This represents a $0.20 dividend on an annualized basis and a dividend yield of 0.28%. The ex-dividend date is Tuesday, March 14th. Belden’s dividend payout ratio is 7.58%. About Belden Belden Inc (Belden) is a signal transmission solutions provider. The Company’s portfolio of signal transmission solutions provides transmission of data, sound and video for mission critical applications. The Company’s segments include Broadcast Solutions, Enterprise Connectivity Solutions, Industrial Connectivity Solutions, Industrial IT Solutions and Network Security Solutions. Receive News & Ratings for Belden Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Belden Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News New Travel Ban by President Trump Could be Announced Monday Hackers Accessed Private Email of Mike Pence While He Was Governor President Trump’s First Address Optimistic Trump Asking for Steep Increases in Spending for Military President Trump Wants the Largest Nuclear Arsenal © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home Privacy About Contributors Contact Headlines Markets M&A Analysts’ Updates Earnings Health & Biotech Technology Bunzl plc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Bunzl plc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Recent Market News Zpg Plc’s (ZPG) Outperform Rating Reaffirmed at Credit Suisse Group AG Zpg Plc (ZPG) Receives Buy Rating from Liberum Capital Xtract Resources PLC’s (XTR) “Speculative Buy” Rating Reiterated at Beaufort Securities Vesuvius Plc (VSVS) Rating Increased to Overweight at JPMorgan Chase & Co. Vectura Group PLC (VEC) Price Target Raised to GBX 225 ValiRx Plc (VAL) Given Speculative Buy Rating at Beaufort Securities Tui AG (TUI) Earns Buy Rating from Deutsche Bank AG Liberum Capital Reaffirms Buy Rating for Travis Perkins plc (TPK) Travis Perkins plc’s (TPK) Hold Rating Reiterated at Peel Hunt Tp Icap Plc (TLPR) Price Target Raised to GBX 561 Tp Icap Plc (TCAP) Price Target Raised to GBX 561 G4S plc (GFS) Scheduled to Post Earnings on Wednesday BowLeven PLC (BLVN) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Shore Capital BNP Paribas Analysts Give BHP Billiton plc (BLT) a GBX 1,380 Price Target BBA Aviation plc’s (BBA) “Overweight” Rating Reiterated at Barclays PLC HSBC Holdings plc Reaffirms Hold Rating for A.G. Barr plc (BAG) Avingtrans plc’s (AVG) “Buy” Rating Reiterated at Canaccord Genuity Macquarie Increases Arrow Global Group PLC (ARW) Price Target to GBX 350 Citigroup Inc Reaffirms Buy Rating for BP plc (BP) Arrow Global Group PLC (ARW) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by JPMorgan Chase & Co. HSBC Holdings plc Boosts Bunzl plc (BNZL) Price Target to GBX 2,508 March 6th, 2017 - By Teresa Graham - 0 comments Filed Under: Analyst Articles - UK - Finance Bunzl plc (LON:BNZL) had its target price raised by HSBC Holdings plc from GBX 2,400 ($29.90) to GBX 2,508 ($31.24) in a research report report published on Wednesday morning. HSBC Holdings plc currently has a buy rating on the stock. Several other research analysts also recently weighed in on the company. Deutsche Bank AG restated a buy rating and issued a GBX 2,450 ($30.52) price target on shares of Bunzl plc in a research note on Thursday, January 12th. BNP Paribas restated a neutral rating and issued a GBX 2,150 ($26.78) price target on shares of Bunzl plc in a research note on Monday, January 30th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. restated a neutral rating and issued a GBX 2,505 ($31.21) price target on shares of Bunzl plc in a research note on Thursday, November 24th. Shore Capital restated a hold rating on shares of Bunzl plc in a research note on Tuesday, January 10th. Finally, Canaccord Genuity upgraded Bunzl plc to a buy rating and upped their price target for the stock from GBX 2,250 ($28.03) to GBX 2,450 ($30.52) in a research note on Tuesday, February 28th. One equities research analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, nine have given a hold rating and five have issued a buy rating to the company’s stock. Bunzl plc currently has an average rating of Hold and a consensus price target of GBX 2,304.23 ($28.71). Bunzl plc (LON:BNZL) opened at 2312.4685 on Wednesday. Bunzl plc has a one year low of GBX 1,936.00 and a one year high of GBX 2,587.89. The stock has a 50 day moving average of GBX 2,129.08 and a 200 day moving average of GBX 2,192.61. The company’s market cap is GBX 7.61 billion. This report was first posted by The Cerbat Gem and is the property of of The Cerbat Gem. If you are accessing this report on another domain, it was copied illegally and reposted in violation of US and international trademark and copyright legislation. The legal version of this report can be read at https://www.thecerbatgem.com/2017/03/06/hsbc-holdings-plc-boosts-bunzl-plc-bnzl-price-target-to-gbx-2508.html. The company also recently disclosed a dividend, which will be paid on Monday, July 3rd. Stockholders of record on Thursday, May 25th will be issued a dividend of GBX 29 ($0.36) per share. This represents a dividend yield of 1.29%. This is a boost from Bunzl plc’s previous dividend of $13.00. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Thursday, May 25th. In other news, insider Patrick Larmon acquired 160 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction dated Tuesday, January 31st. The shares were acquired at an average cost of GBX 2,250 ($28.03) per share, with a total value of £3,600 ($4,484.86). Bunzl plc Company Profile Bunzl plc is engaged in the distribution and outsourcing service. The Company supplies a range of sourced non-food products to a range of market sectors in approximately 30 countries. The Company’s segments include North America, Continental Europe, the United Kingdom & Ireland, and Rest of the World. Receive News & Stock Ratings for Bunzl plc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Bunzl plc and related stocks with our FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website   © The Cerbat Gem Investing News and Analysis 2012-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About Us | Our Contributors | Contact Us
Home About/Contact US Privacy Policy Staff Daily Email Updates Headlines Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Investing BBA Aviation plc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for BBA Aviation plc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Recent Posts Bayerische Motoren Werke AG (BMW) Given a €81.00 Price Target by Morgan Stanley Analysts Shutterstock Inc (SSTK) Stock Rating Lowered by Zacks Investment Research Regal Entertainment Group (RGC) Position Boosted by Envestnet Asset Management Inc. Akorn, Inc. (AKRX) PT Set at $21.00 by RBC Capital Markets Dycom Industries, Inc. (DY) PT Raised to $120.00 at FBR & Co Pacira Pharmaceuticals Inc (PCRX) Rating Reiterated by Wedbush Zacks Investment Research Lowers Nidec Co. (NJDCY) to Hold Canaccord Genuity Reaffirms Hold Rating for Square Inc (SQ) BMO Capital Markets Lowers Retrophin Inc (RTRX) Price Target to $45.00 Geron Co. (GERN) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Needham & Company LLC FBR & Co Lowers Colony NorthStar Inc (CLNS) Price Target to $16.00 Mitsubishi UFJ Financial Group Inc (MTU) Receives Consensus Rating of “Buy” from Analysts Spark Energy Inc (SPKE) Given Consensus Recommendation of “Buy” by Analysts Brokerages Set Penske Automotive Group, Inc. (PAG) Target Price at $51.00 Silver Bay Realty Trust Corp (SBY) Receives Consensus Recommendation of “Hold” from Analysts Hershey Co (HSY) PT Raised to $114.00 Churchill Downs, Inc. (CHDN) PT Raised to $169.00 TerraForm Power Inc (TERP) Rating Increased to Buy at Zacks Investment Research Achaogen Inc (AKAO) PT Raised to $28.00 Danaher Co. (DHR) Shares Bought by Zurich Insurance Group Ltd FI BBA Aviation plc’s (BBA) Sell Rating Reiterated at Liberum Capital Posted by Tony Sherman on Mar 6th, 2017 // No Comments Tweet Liberum Capital reaffirmed their sell rating on shares of BBA Aviation plc (LON:BBA) in a research report sent to investors on Wednesday morning. They currently have a GBX 270 ($3.36) target price on the stock. A number of other equities analysts have also commented on BBA. Barclays PLC raised their price objective on shares of BBA Aviation plc from GBX 310 ($3.86) to GBX 335 ($4.17) and gave the company an overweight rating in a research report on Friday, January 6th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. restated an overweight rating and issued a GBX 300 ($3.74) price objective on shares of BBA Aviation plc in a research report on Wednesday, January 4th. Two investment analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and five have assigned a buy rating to the stock. The stock presently has a consensus rating of Buy and a consensus price target of GBX 293.71 ($3.66). Shares of BBA Aviation plc (LON:BBA) opened at 313.747650 on Wednesday. The firm’s 50-day moving average is GBX 290.51 and its 200-day moving average is GBX 265.93. The company’s market capitalization is GBX 3.22 billion. BBA Aviation plc has a 12-month low of GBX 186.00 and a 12-month high of GBX 315.00. “BBA Aviation plc’s (BBA) Sell Rating Reiterated at Liberum Capital” was first posted by Web Breaking News and is the property of of Web Breaking News. If you are reading this article on another publication, it was stolen and reposted in violation of United States & international copyright law. The legal version of this article can be accessed at http://www.webbreakingnews.com/2017/03/06/bba-aviation-plcs-bba-sell-rating-reiterated-at-liberum-capital.html. The company also recently disclosed a dividend, which will be paid on Friday, May 19th. Stockholders of record on Thursday, April 6th will be given a GBX 0.09 ($0.00) dividend. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Thursday, April 6th. This represents a dividend yield of 2.42%. BBA Aviation plc Company Profile BBA Aviation plc is a provider of global aviation support and aftermarket services. The Company primarily focuses on servicing the Business and General Aviation (B&GA) market. Its businesses include Signature Flight Support, Engine Repair and Overhaul (ERO) and Ontic. Its Signature Flight Support business is the fixed base operation (FBO) and line maintenance network for B&GA users with over 200 locations covering destinations in North America, Europe, South America, Africa and Asia. Receive News & Ratings for BBA Aviation plc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for BBA Aviation plc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter. « Previous Bodycote PLC (BOY) Downgraded by JPMorgan Chase & Co. Next » Brokerages Set Aclaris Therapeutics Inc (ACRS) Target Price at $32.50 Latest News Nike Suspends Relationship with Maria Sharapova Rob Bironas Ex-Titans Kicker Dies in Car Crash Ron Washington Leaves Texas Rangers Due to an Affair Jonathan Dwyer Falls in Line with Other Banned NFL Players Tony Stewart Case Going to the Grand Jury Oscar Pistorius “Blade Runner” Found Not Guilty of Murder Leave a Reply Click here to cancel reply. Name (Required) Mail (will not be published) (Required) Website   Home Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Headlines Investing © 2006-2017 Web Breaking News.
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance BP plc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for BP plc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Scotiabank Reiterates Outperform Rating for Advantage Oil & Gas Ltd. (AAV) Raymond James Financial, Inc. Raises Canadian Apartment Properties REIT (CAR.UN) Price Target to C$35.00 Bank of Nova Scotia (BNS) PT Raised to C$86.00 at Desjardins Scotiabank Boosts Avigilon Corp (AVO) Price Target to C$16.00 LPL Financial Holdings Inc (lpla) to Issue Quarterly Dividend of $0.25 on March 24th Brokers Issue Forecasts for Babcock & Wilcox Enterprises Inc’s Q1 2017 Earnings (BW) Ideal Power Inc. (IPWR) Insider Buys $19,812.00 in Stock Cameco Corp (CCO) Director James Allan Dobchuk Buys 1,470 Shares Fossil Group Inc (FOSL) PT Lowered to $12.00 TD Securities Reiterates “Buy” Rating for Cascades Inc (CAS) Edge Therapeutics Inc (EDGE) Rating Reiterated by Leerink Swann Beaufort Securities Reaffirms “Speculative Buy” Rating for Amryt Pharma PLC (AMYT) Tritax Big Box REIT PLC (BBOX) Receives “Hold” Rating from Liberum Capital Deutsche Bank AG Boosts G4S plc (GFS) Price Target to GBX 230 Old Line Bancshares, Inc. (MD) (olbk) To Go Ex-Dividend on March 8th Pernix Therapeutics Holdings Inc (PTX) Scheduled to Post Earnings on Wednesday Savanna Energy Services Corp. (SVY) Scheduled to Post Earnings on Wednesday William Blair Analysts Increase Earnings Estimates for 3D Systems Co. (DDD) Carrols Restaurant Group, Inc. (TAST) PT Lowered to $17.00 United Continental Holdings Inc (UAL) Rating Reiterated by Sanford C. Bernstein Morgan Stanley Reaffirms Overweight Rating for BP plc (BP) March 5th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Patrick Bannon Filed Under: Analyst Articles - UK - Finance Tweet Morgan Stanley restated their overweight rating on shares of BP plc (LON:BP) in a research note issued to investors on Wednesday. They currently have a GBX 515 ($6.42) target price on the oil and gas exploration company’s stock. Several other research analysts have also issued reports on the stock. Kepler Capital Markets increased their price target on shares of BP plc from GBX 505 ($6.29) to GBX 510 ($6.35) and gave the stock a hold rating in a research report on Wednesday, March 1st. JPMorgan Chase & Co. set a GBX 530 ($6.60) price target on shares of BP plc and gave the stock a buy rating in a research report on Wednesday, March 1st. Goldman Sachs Group Inc increased their price target on shares of BP plc from GBX 460 ($5.73) to GBX 480 ($5.98) and gave the stock a neutral rating in a research report on Wednesday, March 1st. Citigroup Inc reissued a buy rating and issued a GBX 510 ($6.35) price target on shares of BP plc in a research report on Wednesday, March 1st. Finally, Macquarie reissued a neutral rating and issued a GBX 440 ($5.48) price target on shares of BP plc in a research report on Friday, February 24th. Twelve analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and twelve have given a buy rating to the company. The company currently has an average rating of Buy and an average target price of GBX 509.45 ($6.35). Shares of BP plc (LON:BP) opened at 464.1102 on Wednesday. The company’s market cap is GBX 90.22 billion. The company’s 50-day moving average price is GBX 479.76 and its 200 day moving average price is GBX 464.53. BP plc has a one year low of GBX 249.44 and a one year high of GBX 521.20. This article was posted by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are viewing this article on another website, it was stolen and republished in violation of United States & international trademark & copyright laws. The original version of this article can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/03/05/morgan-stanley-reaffirms-overweight-rating-for-bp-plc-bp.html. In other BP plc news, insider Nils Smedegaard Andersen bought 30,000 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction dated Monday, February 20th. The shares were purchased at an average price of GBX 446 ($5.56) per share, for a total transaction of £133,800 ($166,687.43). Also, insider Brian Gilvary bought 65 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction dated Monday, December 12th. The shares were acquired at an average price of GBX 476 ($5.93) per share, for a total transaction of £309.40 ($385.45). In the last 90 days, insiders have bought 52,340 shares of company stock worth $24,856,440. BP plc Company Profile BP p.l.c. is an integrated oil and gas company. The Company owns an interest in OJSC Oil Company Rosneft (Rosneft), an oil and gas company. The Company’s segments include Upstream, Downstream, Rosneft, and Other businesses and corporate. The Upstream segment is engaged in oil and natural gas exploration, field development and production, as well as midstream transportation, storage and processing. Receive News & Ratings for BP plc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for BP plc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News New Travel Ban by President Trump Could be Announced Monday Hackers Accessed Private Email of Mike Pence While He Was Governor President Trump’s First Address Optimistic Trump Asking for Steep Increases in Spending for Military President Trump Wants the Largest Nuclear Arsenal © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Grifols S.A. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Grifols S.A. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Scotiabank Reiterates Outperform Rating for Advantage Oil & Gas Ltd. (AAV) Raymond James Financial, Inc. Raises Canadian Apartment Properties REIT (CAR.UN) Price Target to C$35.00 Bank of Nova Scotia (BNS) PT Raised to C$86.00 at Desjardins Scotiabank Boosts Avigilon Corp (AVO) Price Target to C$16.00 LPL Financial Holdings Inc (lpla) to Issue Quarterly Dividend of $0.25 on March 24th Brokers Issue Forecasts for Babcock & Wilcox Enterprises Inc’s Q1 2017 Earnings (BW) Ideal Power Inc. (IPWR) Insider Buys $19,812.00 in Stock Cameco Corp (CCO) Director James Allan Dobchuk Buys 1,470 Shares Fossil Group Inc (FOSL) PT Lowered to $12.00 TD Securities Reiterates “Buy” Rating for Cascades Inc (CAS) Edge Therapeutics Inc (EDGE) Rating Reiterated by Leerink Swann Beaufort Securities Reaffirms “Speculative Buy” Rating for Amryt Pharma PLC (AMYT) Tritax Big Box REIT PLC (BBOX) Receives “Hold” Rating from Liberum Capital Deutsche Bank AG Boosts G4S plc (GFS) Price Target to GBX 230 Old Line Bancshares, Inc. (MD) (olbk) To Go Ex-Dividend on March 8th Pernix Therapeutics Holdings Inc (PTX) Scheduled to Post Earnings on Wednesday Savanna Energy Services Corp. (SVY) Scheduled to Post Earnings on Wednesday William Blair Analysts Increase Earnings Estimates for 3D Systems Co. (DDD) Carrols Restaurant Group, Inc. (TAST) PT Lowered to $17.00 United Continental Holdings Inc (UAL) Rating Reiterated by Sanford C. Bernstein Grifols, S.A. (GRFS) Expected to Post Q1 2017 Earnings of $0.26 Per Share March 5th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Jeff Wilder Filed Under: Analyst Articles - Estimates - Finance Tweet Grifols, S.A. (NASDAQ:GRFS) – Investment analysts at William Blair issued their Q1 2017 earnings per share (EPS) estimates for shares of Grifols, in a report released on Wednesday. William Blair analyst M. Kaczor forecasts that the firm will earn $0.26 per share for the quarter. William Blair also issued estimates for Grifols,’s Q2 2017 earnings at $0.31 EPS, Q3 2017 earnings at $0.31 EPS, Q4 2017 earnings at $0.31 EPS and FY2017 earnings at $1.16 EPS. This piece was published by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are reading this piece on another domain, it was illegally stolen and republished in violation of United States & international copyright and trademark laws. The original version of this piece can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/03/05/grifols-s-a-grfs-expected-to-post-q1-2017-earnings-of-0-26-per-share.html. Several other analysts have also recently issued reports on the company. Goldman Sachs Group Inc cut Grifols, from a “conviction-buy” rating to a “buy” rating in a report on Monday, February 27th. Zacks Investment Research raised Grifols, from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $19.00 price objective on the stock in a report on Tuesday, February 14th. Finally, JPMorgan Chase & Co. raised Grifols, from a “neutral” rating to an “overweight” rating in a report on Tuesday, January 3rd. One analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating and four have given a buy rating to the company’s stock. Grifols, presently has an average rating of “Buy” and an average price target of $19.00. Shares of Grifols, (NASDAQ:GRFS) opened at 18.00 on Monday. The company has a market cap of $24.58 billion, a PE ratio of 43.96 and a beta of 1.12. The company has a 50-day moving average of $17.23 and a 200 day moving average of $16.07. Grifols, has a 12-month low of $14.27 and a 12-month high of $18.00. Several hedge funds have recently modified their holdings of GRFS. Santa Barbara Asset Management LLC raised its stake in Grifols, by 13.6% in the fourth quarter. Santa Barbara Asset Management LLC now owns 160,901 shares of the company’s stock valued at $2,586,000 after buying an additional 19,303 shares during the last quarter. Capital Guardian Trust Co. raised its stake in Grifols, by 1.1% in the fourth quarter. Capital Guardian Trust Co. now owns 422,541 shares of the company’s stock valued at $6,790,000 after buying an additional 4,452 shares during the last quarter. FFT Wealth Management LLC raised its stake in Grifols, by 200.0% in the fourth quarter. FFT Wealth Management LLC now owns 118,374 shares of the company’s stock valued at $1,902,000 after buying an additional 78,916 shares during the last quarter. Denver Investment Advisors LLC raised its stake in Grifols, by 44.1% in the fourth quarter. Denver Investment Advisors LLC now owns 118,912 shares of the company’s stock valued at $1,911,000 after buying an additional 36,382 shares during the last quarter. Finally, A.R.T. Advisors LLC bought a new stake in Grifols, during the fourth quarter valued at $178,000. 20.42% of the stock is currently owned by institutional investors and hedge funds. Receive News & Ratings for Grifols S.A. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Grifols S.A. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News New Travel Ban by President Trump Could be Announced Monday Hackers Accessed Private Email of Mike Pence While He Was Governor President Trump’s First Address Optimistic Trump Asking for Steep Increases in Spending for Military President Trump Wants the Largest Nuclear Arsenal © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
This web site uses cookies to improve your experience. By viewing our content, you are accepting the use of cookies. To find out more and change your cookie settings, please view our cookie policy. Edition: Asia Australia Europe India United Kingdom United States ZDNet around the globe: ZDNet Belgium ZDNet China ZDNet France ZDNet Germany ZDNet Korea ZDNet Japan Go Videos Smart City Windows 10 Cloud Innovation Security Enterprise IoT more Data Centers Thought Leadership Apple Mobility IoT Enterprise Software Hardware See All Topics White Papers Downloads Reviews Galleries Videos Newsletters All Writers Log In to ZDNET Join ZDNet About ZDNet Manage Profile Newsletters Author Alerts Discussion Alerts Recent Activity Log Out Go Menu Videos Smart City Windows 10 Cloud Innovation Security Enterprise IoT Data Centers Thought Leadership Apple Mobility IoT Enterprise Software Hardware See All Topics White Papers Downloads Reviews Galleries Videos Log In to ZDNET Join ZDNet About ZDNet Manage Profile Newsletters Author Alerts Discussion Alerts Recent Activity Log Out us Asia Australia Europe India United Kingdom United States ZDNet around the globe: ZDNet Belgium ZDNet China ZDNet France ZDNet Germany ZDNet Korea ZDNet Japan Quona Capital's fintech fund for the 'underserved' closes $141m A consortium of institutional investors contributed $141 million to the Accion Frontier Inclusion Fund to support startups looking to improve access to financial services in emerging markets. By Tas Bindi | March 6, 2017 -- 05:18 GMT (21:18 PST) | Topic: Innovation The Accion Frontier Inclusion Fund, a global fintech fund managed by venture capital firm Quona Capital, has secured $141 million in capital contributions from a consortium of institutional investors including Accion, MasterCard, and JPMorgan Chase. what's hot on zdnet Why Raspberry Pi is the future of computing devices Eight obstacles to overcome in your digital transformation journey Ford to trial Stratasys system to use 3D printing of one-piece auto parts IBM, Maersk aim to speed up shipping with blockchain technology The Washington-based fund will invest in "inclusive fintech" startups that improve the accessibility and quality of financial services in emerging markets including sub-Saharan Africa, Latin America, and Asia, with a particular focus on Southeast Asia and India. "Three billion people are left out of, or poorly served by, the global financial system," said Michael Schlein, CEO and president of Accion. "The fund will support innovators using new technologies to help create a financial system that works for everyone. By focusing on both social impact and financial returns, we believe the fund shows the importance of harnessing the capital markets to solve society's most challenging problems." The Accion Frontier Inclusion Fund has invested in eight startups to date including: Coins, a mobile payments platform that uses blockchain to provide a suite of services to low income consumers in the Philippines; Konfio, which uses data analytics to deliver working capital loans to micro-businesses in Mexico; and Creditas, which provides home and auto equity loan solutions for the emerging middle class in Brazil. Other fund investors include MetLife, TIAA Investments, and the International Finance Corporation, a member of the World Bank Group. "The diversity and caliber of investors the fund has attracted and the capital they have put behind it is an unambiguous validation of our investment thesis and a milestone for both financial inclusion and the impact investing industry," said Monica Brand Engel, a founding partner at Quona Capital. In February, a report by professional services firm KPMG showed that global fintech funding slid by 47 percent from $46.7 billion in 2015 to $24.7 billion in 2016. The Australian and Asian regions, however, trended upwards in 2016 with a record $656 million being invested in fintech in Australia and a record $8.6 billion being invested in fintech in Asia. Join Discussion Powered by Livefyre Add your Comment Related Stories Innovation Optus Business integrates Cisco's Spark, Meraki, contact centre solutions Innovation Food Agility receives AU$50m in backing from Australian government Innovation ​Google expands neural translation to Hindi, Russian, Vietnamese Hardware Windows 2-in-1 devices lead tablet sales increase in Australia × Thank You Please review our terms of service to complete your newsletter subscription I agree to the Terms of Use, Privacy Policy and Video Services Policy. I understand I will receive a complimentary subscription to TechRepublic's News and Special Offers newsletter, and the Daily Digest newsletter (you can opt out at any time). ACCEPT & CLOSE Newsletters You have been successfully signed up. To sign up for more newsletters or to manage your account, visit the Newsletter Subscription Center. See All See All ZDNet Connect with us © 2017 CBS Interactive. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | Cookies | Ad Choice | Advertise | Terms of Use | Mobile User Agreement Visit other CBS Interactive sites: Select SiteCBS CaresCBS FilmsCBS RadioCBS.comCBSInteractiveCBSNews.comCBSSports.comChowhoundCNETCollege NetworksGameSpotLast.fmMaxPrepsMetacritic.comMoneywatchmySimonRadio.comSearch.comShopper.comShowtimeTechRepublicThe InsiderTV.comUrbanBaby.comZDNet Topics All Authors Galleries Videos Sponsored Narratives About ZDNet Meet The Team Site Map RSS Feeds Reprint Policy Manage | Log Out Log In to ZDNET | Join ZDNet Membership Newsletters Site Assistance
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Bayer AG - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Bayer AG with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Zacks Investment Research Downgrades CyberOptics Co. (CYBE) to Sell The Coca-Cola Co (KO) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Sanford C. Bernstein PepsiCo, Inc. (PEP) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Sanford C. Bernstein Endeavour Silver Corp Expected to Earn Q1 2017 Earnings of $0.01 Per Share (EXK) GCP Applied Technologies Inc. (GCP) Expected to Earn Q1 2017 Earnings of $0.29 Per Share Patheon NV (PTHN) Given Average Recommendation of “Buy” by Brokerages IMPINJ Inc (PI) Receives $33.86 Consensus Target Price from Brokerages Outfront Media Inc (OUT) to Issue Quarterly Dividend of $0.36 on March 31st Haverty Furniture Companies, Inc. (HVT) to Issue Quarterly Dividend of $0.12 on March 29th SEGRO plc (SGRO) Price Target Increased to GBX 500 by Analysts at HSBC Holdings plc Palo Alto Networks Inc (PANW) Downgraded to “Neutral” at Robert W. Baird South32 Ltd (S32) Upgraded by HSBC Holdings plc to Buy Zacks Investment Research Upgrades Liquidity Services, Inc. (LQDT) to Hold Barclays PLC Reiterates “Equal weight” Rating for Go-Ahead Group plc (GOG) Interserve plc (IRV) PT Lowered to GBX 300 at Jefferies Group LLC BT Group plc (BT) Earns “Sell” Rating from Deutsche Bank AG IBERIABANK Corp (IBKC) to Post Q1 2017 Earnings of $0.99 Per Share, SunTrust Banks Forecasts KCAP Financial Inc (KCAP) Set to Announce Earnings on Wednesday DCT Industrial Trust Inc (DCT) Given Consensus Rating of “Hold” by Brokerages Boston Properties, Inc. (BXP) Receives $139.53 Average PT from Brokerages Jefferies Group LLC Analysts Give Bayer AG (BAYN) a €130.00 Price Target March 5th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Stacy Sanders Filed Under: Analyst Articles - Europe - Finance Tweet Jefferies Group LLC set a €130.00 ($138.30) target price on Bayer AG (FRA:BAYN) in a research report report published on Wednesday. The brokerage currently has a buy rating on the stock. Several other research firms have also recently commented on BAYN. Citigroup Inc set a €125.00 ($132.98) target price on shares of Bayer AG and gave the company a buy rating in a research note on Wednesday, March 1st. Berenberg Bank set a €118.00 ($125.53) price objective on shares of Bayer AG and gave the company a buy rating in a research note on Friday, January 27th. Commerzbank Ag set a €119.00 ($126.60) price objective on shares of Bayer AG and gave the company a buy rating in a research note on Monday, February 27th. Sanford C. Bernstein set a €120.00 ($127.66) price objective on shares of Bayer AG and gave the company a buy rating in a research note on Friday, February 10th. Finally, JPMorgan Chase & Co. restated a buy rating on shares of Bayer AG in a research note on Thursday, February 9th. One equities research analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, eleven have issued a hold rating and thirteen have issued a buy rating to the company’s stock. Bayer AG has a consensus rating of Hold and a consensus price target of €111.33 ($118.44). Bayer AG (FRA:BAYN) opened at 106.86 on Wednesday. Bayer AG has a 1-year low of €83.87 and a 1-year high of €112.11. The firm’s 50-day moving average is €103.72 and its 200-day moving average is €95.88. The firm has a market capitalization of €88.37 billion and a price-to-earnings ratio of 19.64. “Jefferies Group LLC Analysts Give Bayer AG (BAYN) a €130.00 Price Target” was originally reported by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are viewing this piece of content on another domain, it was illegally copied and reposted in violation of US & international copyright and trademark law. The legal version of this piece of content can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/03/05/jefferies-group-llc-analysts-give-bayer-ag-bayn-a-130-00-price-target.html. About Bayer AG . Receive News & Ratings for Bayer AG Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Bayer AG and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News New Travel Ban by President Trump Could be Announced Monday Hackers Accessed Private Email of Mike Pence While He Was Governor President Trump’s First Address Optimistic Trump Asking for Steep Increases in Spending for Military President Trump Wants the Largest Nuclear Arsenal © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact US Privacy Policy Staff Daily Email Updates Headlines Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Investing Volkswagen AG - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Volkswagen AG with our FREE daily email newsletter: Recent Posts Research Analysts Set Expectations for PRA Health Sciences Inc’s Q1 2017 Earnings (PRAH) Analysts Issue Forecasts for Syndax Pharmaceuticals Inc’s Q1 2017 Earnings (SNDX) Q1 2017 Earnings Forecast for Sequential Brands Group Inc (SQBG) Issued By Roth Capital Citigroup Inc Analysts Give Merck KGaA (MRK) a €116.00 Price Target Aldermore Group PLC’s (ALD) Buy Rating Reiterated at Liberum Capital Analysts Set Zimmer Biomet Holdings, Inc. (ZBH) Target Price at $135.83 Lear Co. (LEA) Receives Average Recommendation of “Hold” from Analysts Zacks Investment Research Lowers Intelsat SA (I) to Hold TheStreet Upgrades Acadia Healthcare Company Inc (ACHC) to C- Vesuvius Plc (VSVS) PT Raised to GBX 550 Toronto-Dominion Bank (TD) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Scotiabank Desjardins Increases Toronto-Dominion Bank (TD) Price Target to C$72.00 Snc-Lavalin Group Inc (SNC) Price Target Cut to C$61.00 Snc-Lavalin Group Inc (SNC) PT Lowered to C$61.00 Ormat Technologies, Inc. (ORA) Given a $66.00 Price Target by Roth Capital Analysts CME Group Inc (CME) To Go Ex-Dividend on March 8th Spire Inc (SR) To Go Ex-Dividend on March 8th Granite Real Estate Investment Trust (GRT) to Post Q1 2017 Earnings of $0.86 Per Share, Desjardins Forecasts Laird PLC (LRD) Insider Anthony (Tony) James Quinlan Sells 8,993 Shares Wey Education PLC (WEY) Insider David Laurence Massie Purchases 425,257 Shares Kepler Capital Markets Analysts Give Volkswagen AG (VOW3) a €167.00 Price Target Posted by William Strong on Mar 6th, 2017 // No Comments Tweet Kepler Capital Markets set a €167.00 ($177.66) target price on Volkswagen AG (ETR:VOW3) in a research report report published on Wednesday. The firm currently has a buy rating on the stock. A number of other research firms have also recently issued reports on VOW3. Jefferies Group LLC set a €100.00 ($106.38) target price on Volkswagen AG and gave the stock a sell rating in a research note on Monday, November 21st. Morgan Stanley set a €125.00 ($132.98) price target on Volkswagen AG and gave the stock a neutral rating in a research report on Monday, November 21st. JPMorgan Chase & Co. reaffirmed a buy rating on shares of Volkswagen AG in a research report on Monday, November 21st. HSBC Holdings plc set a €140.00 ($148.94) price target on Volkswagen AG and gave the stock a buy rating in a research report on Monday, November 21st. Finally, Nord/LB set a €120.00 ($127.66) price target on Volkswagen AG and gave the stock a neutral rating in a research report on Friday, November 18th. Six analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, eleven have given a hold rating and nine have given a buy rating to the company’s stock. The company has a consensus rating of Hold and a consensus target price of €145.16 ($154.43). Shares of Volkswagen AG (ETR:VOW3) opened at 145.097 on Wednesday. The company has a 50-day moving average of €145.42 and a 200 day moving average of €129.23. The firm has a market cap of €72.74 billion and a P/E ratio of 131.309. Volkswagen AG has a 12-month low of €101.00 and a 12-month high of €156.32. This piece was published by Web Breaking News and is owned by of Web Breaking News. If you are accessing this piece on another website, it was stolen and reposted in violation of U.S. and international copyright and trademark laws. The legal version of this piece can be read at http://www.webbreakingnews.com/2017/03/06/kepler-capital-markets-analysts-give-volkswagen-ag-vow3-a-167-00-price-target.html. Volkswagen AG Company Profile Volkswagen AG is a Germany-based automobile manufacturer. It operates through two segments: Automotive and Financial Services. The Automotive segment comprises the development of vehicles and engines, the production and sale of passenger cars, light commercial vehicles, trucks, buses and motorcycles, as well as spare parts, diesel engines, turbo-machinery, special gear units, propulsion components and testing systems. Receive News & Ratings for Volkswagen AG Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Volkswagen AG and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter. « Previous Christopher Rogers Purchases 55 Shares of Travis Perkins plc (TPK) Stock Next » Nord/LB Reiterates €164.00 Price Target for Allianz SE (ALV) Latest News Nike Suspends Relationship with Maria Sharapova Rob Bironas Ex-Titans Kicker Dies in Car Crash Ron Washington Leaves Texas Rangers Due to an Affair Jonathan Dwyer Falls in Line with Other Banned NFL Players Tony Stewart Case Going to the Grand Jury Oscar Pistorius “Blade Runner” Found Not Guilty of Murder Leave a Reply Click here to cancel reply. Name (Required) Mail (will not be published) (Required) Website   Home Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Headlines Investing © 2006-2017 Web Breaking News.
Home About/Contact US Privacy Policy Staff Daily Email Updates Headlines Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Investing Allianz SE - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Allianz SE with our FREE daily email newsletter: Recent Posts Zacks Investment Research Downgrades Crocs, Inc. (CROX) to Strong Sell Orbital ATK, Inc. (OA) to Release Earnings on Wednesday Q1 2017 Earnings Estimate for Ferro Co. (FOE) Issued By Seaport Global Securities Allscripts Healthcare Solutions Inc (MDRX) Receives Consensus Recommendation of “Hold” from Analysts GlycoMimetics Inc (GLYC) Given Consensus Rating of “Buy” by Analysts The Chefs Warehouse, Inc (CHEF) Receives $14.75 Consensus Price Target from Brokerages PennyMac Financial Services Inc (PFSI) Given Consensus Recommendation of “Buy” by Analysts Hilton Worldwide Holdings Inc (HLT) To Go Ex-Dividend on March 8th Hudbay Minerals Inc (hbm) to Issue Semiannual Dividend of $0.01 on March 31st Infinity Property and Casualty Corp. (IPCC) To Go Ex-Dividend on March 8th Infinity Property and Casualty Corp. (IPCC) To Go Ex-Dividend on March 8th ITV plc (ITV) Receives Buy Rating from Shore Capital International Personal Finance Plc (IPF) Given Under Review Rating at Shore Capital Zacks Investment Research Lowers Spartan Motors Inc (SPAR) to Hold International Personal Finance Plc (IPF) Given Under Review Rating at Peel Hunt Mitie Group PLC’s (MTO) Sell Rating Reaffirmed at Liberum Capital Quaker Chemical Corp (KWR) Upgraded to “Hold” by Zacks Investment Research Research Analysts Offer Predictions for Granite Real Estate’s Q1 2017 Earnings (GRP.U) Wedbush Comments on Habit Restaurants Inc’s Q1 2017 Earnings (HABT) INC Research Holdings Inc (INCR) Expected to Earn Q1 2017 Earnings of $0.56 Per Share Nord/LB Reiterates €164.00 Price Target for Allianz SE (ALV) Posted by William Strong on Mar 6th, 2017 // No Comments Tweet Nord/LB set a €164.00 ($174.47) price target on Allianz SE (FRA:ALV) in a research report report published on Wednesday morning. The brokerage currently has a neutral rating on the stock. A number of other equities research analysts also recently weighed in on the company. Morgan Stanley set a €184.00 ($195.74) target price on Allianz SE and gave the stock a neutral rating in a report on Tuesday, February 28th. Credit Suisse Group AG set a €180.00 ($191.49) target price on Allianz SE and gave the stock a neutral rating in a report on Wednesday, February 22nd. JPMorgan Chase & Co. set a €190.00 ($202.13) target price on Allianz SE and gave the stock a buy rating in a report on Wednesday, February 22nd. Societe Generale set a €165.00 ($175.53) target price on Allianz SE and gave the stock a neutral rating in a report on Monday, February 20th. Finally, Oddo Securities set a €176.00 ($187.23) target price on Allianz SE and gave the stock a buy rating in a report on Monday, February 20th. One equities research analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, nine have assigned a hold rating and twelve have given a buy rating to the company. The stock has an average rating of Buy and an average price target of €172.23 ($183.22). Allianz SE (FRA:ALV) opened at 167.76 on Wednesday. The stock has a 50 day moving average of €160.00 and a 200 day moving average of €146.74. The company has a market cap of €76.39 billion and a price-to-earnings ratio of 11.18. Allianz SE has a 52 week low of €118.40 and a 52 week high of €167.97. “Nord/LB Reiterates €164.00 Price Target for Allianz SE (ALV)” was originally reported by Web Breaking News and is owned by of Web Breaking News. If you are viewing this piece of content on another publication, it was stolen and reposted in violation of international trademark & copyright legislation. The legal version of this piece of content can be viewed at http://www.webbreakingnews.com/2017/03/06/nordlb-reiterates-164-00-price-target-for-allianz-se-alv.html. Receive News & Ratings for Allianz SE Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Allianz SE and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter. « Previous Kepler Capital Markets Analysts Give Volkswagen AG (VOW3) a €167.00 Price Target Next » Synovus Financial Corp. (SNV) Plans Dividend Increase – $0.15 Per Share Latest News Nike Suspends Relationship with Maria Sharapova Rob Bironas Ex-Titans Kicker Dies in Car Crash Ron Washington Leaves Texas Rangers Due to an Affair Jonathan Dwyer Falls in Line with Other Banned NFL Players Tony Stewart Case Going to the Grand Jury Oscar Pistorius “Blade Runner” Found Not Guilty of Murder Leave a Reply Click here to cancel reply. Name (Required) Mail (will not be published) (Required) Website   Home Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Headlines Investing © 2006-2017 Web Breaking News.
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Inditex SA - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Inditex SA with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News FBR & Co Increases TG Therapeutics Inc (TGTX) Price Target to $26.00 Anheuser Busch Inbev NV’s (BUD) Buy Rating Reaffirmed at Jefferies Group LLC American Outdoor Brands Corp (AOBC) Given New $24.00 Price Target at Cowen and Company McDonald's Co. (MCD) Price Target Increased to $136.00 by Analysts at Telsey Advisory Group Health Insurance Innovations Inc (HIIQ) Now Covered by Analysts at First Analysis Scientific Games Corp (SGMS) Price Target Increased to $20.00 by Analysts at Telsey Advisory Group STAAR Surgical Company (STAA) Given Buy Rating at Benchmark Co. Pra Group Inc (PRAA) Upgraded to Hold at Zacks Investment Research Canadian Western Bank (CWB) Upgraded by CIBC to “Neutral” Sapiens International Co. (SPNS) Given “Buy” Rating at Barclays PLC Spirit Airlines Incorporated (SAVE) Given “Outperform” Rating at Imperial Capital Wirecard Ag Unspon (WCAGY) Upgraded to “Hold” at Zacks Investment Research Kite Pharma Inc (KITE) Downgraded to Hold at Stifel Nicolaus TASER International, Inc. (TASR) Upgraded to Buy at Zacks Investment Research A Schulman Inc (SHLM) Upgraded to Buy at Zacks Investment Research STV Group Plc.’s (STVG) “Buy” Rating Reaffirmed at Peel Hunt Melrose Industries PLC (MRO) Price Target Increased to GBX 250 by Analysts at JPMorgan Chase & Co. Pharma Mar (PHMMF) Downgraded by Zacks Investment Research to Sell Kate Spade & Co (KATE) Price Target Raised to $27.00 JPMorgan Chase & Co. (JPM) Price Target Raised to $83.00 Kepler Capital Markets Analysts Give Inditex SA (ITX) a €37.20 Price Target March 5th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Jeff Wilder Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Finance Tweet Kepler Capital Markets set a €37.20 ($39.57) price target on Inditex SA (BME:ITX) in a research report report published on Tuesday. The firm currently has a buy rating on the stock. Several other research firms have also commented on ITX. Goldman Sachs Group Inc set a €37.00 ($39.36) target price on shares of Inditex SA and gave the company a buy rating in a report on Friday, December 9th. Deutsche Bank AG set a €35.00 ($37.23) target price on shares of Inditex SA and gave the company a neutral rating in a report on Monday, February 27th. Societe Generale set a €43.00 ($45.74) target price on shares of Inditex SA and gave the company a buy rating in a report on Wednesday, November 30th. BNP Paribas set a €36.00 ($38.30) target price on shares of Inditex SA and gave the company a neutral rating in a report on Thursday, December 15th. Finally, JPMorgan Chase & Co. set a €36.00 ($38.30) target price on shares of Inditex SA and gave the company a buy rating in a report on Thursday, December 15th. One investment analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, three have given a hold rating and twelve have given a buy rating to the company. The company presently has a consensus rating of Buy and a consensus price target of €35.81 ($38.10). “Kepler Capital Markets Analysts Give Inditex SA (ITX) a €37.20 Price Target” was first published by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are reading this report on another domain, it was stolen and republished in violation of U.S. and international copyright & trademark laws. The correct version of this report can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/03/05/kepler-capital-markets-analysts-give-inditex-sa-itx-a-37-20-price-target.html. Inditex SA Company Profile Industria de Diseno Textil SA, known as Inditex SA, is a Spain-based company primarily engaged in the textile industry. The Company’s activities include the design, confection, manufacturing, distribution and retail of men, women and children apparel, footwear and fashion accessories, as well as home furnishings and household textile products. Receive News & Ratings for Inditex SA Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Inditex SA and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News New Travel Ban by President Trump Could be Announced Monday Hackers Accessed Private Email of Mike Pence While He Was Governor President Trump’s First Address Optimistic Trump Asking for Steep Increases in Spending for Military President Trump Wants the Largest Nuclear Arsenal © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Accessibility help Skip to navigation Skip to content Skip to footer Subscribe to the FT Sign In Subscribe Menu Search Financial Times myFT Search the FT Search Close Home World Sections World Home World Economy UK US China Africa Asia Pacific Emerging Markets Europe Latin America Middle East and North Africa Most Read Dutch discontent: wealthy but angry Trump’s new travel order bars citizens from 6 Muslim nations A primer for Europeans in post-Brexit Britain FBI chief asked superiors to deny Trump wiretapping claim China overtakes eurozone as world’s biggest bank system US Sections US Home US Economy US Politics & Policy US Companies US Election 2016 Most Read Trump’s new travel order bars citizens from 6 Muslim nations FBI chief asked superiors to deny Trump wiretapping claim Trump clashes with FBI chief over Obama wiretap claim Republican tax reform could shake up global economy Trump adviser calls for deficit talks with Germany Companies Sections Companies Home Energy Financials Health Industrials Media Retail & Consumer Technology Telecoms Transport Most Read Uber employees lose faith and explore exit Return of Jaguar’s Land Rover Defender relished by off-road fans Standard Life buys rival Aberdeen for £3.8bn Electric cars: China’s battle for the battery market IBM aims to spark revolution in quantum computing Markets Sections Markets Home fastFT Alphaville Markets Data Capital Markets Commodities Currencies Equities Fund Management Trading Most Read Bloomberg fights to keep Pimco on Treasury trading platform Electric cars: China’s battle for the battery market Republican tax reform could shake up global economy Trump adviser calls for deficit talks with Germany Global equities weaker after N Korean missile launch rattles Asia Opinion Sections Opinion Home Columnists FT View The Big Read Instant Insight Lex Alphaville Blogs Obituaries Letters Most Read Why do we let Warren Buffett get away with sexism? The isolation of Angela Merkel’s Germany A primer for Europeans in post-Brexit Britain Netanyahu and his friends caught in the spotlight Electric cars: China’s battle for the battery market Work & Careers Sections Work & Careers Home Business School Rankings Business Education Entrepreneurship Recruitment Business Books Most Read Why do we let Warren Buffett get away with sexism? Spain’s IE Business School retains top spot in FT Online MBA Ranking 2017 Marco Bizzarri of Gucci remodels fashion for Instagram generation How skyscrapers will transform working life Online MBAs: digital degrees come of age Life & Arts Sections Life & Arts Home Arts Books Food & Drink FT Magazine House & Home Style Travel Most Read How the clothes-selling platform Depop is creating young entrepreneurs Philosopher Daniel Dennett on AI, robots and religion Audio: the full Stephen Fry and Lady Gaga interview How the world became hooked on social media The ups and downs of owning a remote Scottish island Sign In Subscribe Menu Search Home World US Companies Markets Opinion Work & Careers Life & Arts Financial Times Search the FT Search Close Subscribe to read: Financial Times Talent follows the cash into transaction banking Already a subscriber? Sign in here Purchase a Newspaper + Premium Digital subscription for $11.77 per week * Select All the benefits of Premium Digital, plus: Free delivery to your home or office, Monday to Saturday FT Weekend - a stimulating blend of news and lifestyle Purchase a Premium Digital subscription for $10.25 per week * Select All the benefits of Standard Digital, plus: Unlimited access to all content Instant Insights column for comment and analysis as news unfolds FT Confidential Research - in-depth China and Southeast Asia analysis ePaper - the digital replica of the printed newspaper Full access to LEX - our agenda setting daily commentary Exclusive emails, including a weekly email from our Editor, Lionel Barber Full access to EM Squared- news and analysis service on emerging markets Purchase a Standard Digital subscription for $6.45 per week * Select Access to FT award winning news on desktop, mobile and tablet Personalised email briefings by industry, journalist or sector Portfolio tools to help manage your investments FastFT - market-moving news and views, 24 hours a day Brexit Briefing - Your essential guide to the impact of the UK-EU split Purchase a Digital Trial subscription for $1.00 for 4 weeks * Select For 4 weeks receive unlimited Premium digital access to the FT's trusted, award-winning business news * Terms and conditions apply Other subscription options Corporate Newspaper Only Weekend Paper + Premium Digital Weekend App Edition Welcome to the new FT.com. The same global insight. Faster than ever before on all your devices. View tips Give feedback Welcome to the new FT.com. The same global insight. Faster than ever before on all your devices. View tips Give feedback Support View Site Tips Feedback Help Centre About Us Accessibility Legal & Privacy Terms & Conditions Privacy Cookies Copyright Services Conferences & Events Individual Subscriptions Group Subscriptions Republishing Contracts & Tenders Analysts Research Executive Job Search Advertise with the FT Follow the FT on Twitter Ebooks Tools Portfolio ePaper Alerts Hub Lexicon MBA Rankings Economic Calendar News feed Newsletters Currency Converter Press Cuttings More from the FT Group Markets data delayed by at least 15 minutes. © THE FINANCIAL TIMES LTD 2017. FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. The Financial Times and its journalism are subject to a self-regulation regime under the FT Editorial Code of Practice. Financial Times Close International Edition Search the FT Search Switch to UK Edition Top sections Home World Show more World links World Economy UK US China Africa Asia Pacific Emerging Markets Europe Latin America Middle East and North Africa US Show more US links US Economy US Politics & Policy US Companies US Election 2016 Companies Show more Companies links Energy Financials Health Industrials Media Retail & Consumer Technology Telecoms Transport Markets Show more Markets links fastFT Alphaville Markets Data Capital Markets Commodities Currencies Equities Fund Management Trading Opinion Show more Opinion links Columnists FT View The Big Read Instant Insight Lex Alphaville Blogs Obituaries Letters Work & Careers Show more Work & Careers links Business School Rankings Business Education Entrepreneurship Recruitment Business Books Life & Arts Show more Life & Arts links Arts Books Food & Drink FT Magazine House & Home Style Travel Personal Finance Show more Personal Finance links Property & Mortgages Investments Pensions Tax Banking & Savings Advice & Comment Science Special Reports FT recommends Lex Alphaville EM Squared Lunch with the FT Video Podcasts Blogs News feed Newsletters myFT Portfolio ePaper Crossword Help Centre Subscribe Sign In Open in app Open in app </body> </html>
Home All Sections Search StarTribune Manage Account Log out Log In Subscriptions New Manage Existing Recently Visited Home Local Sports Business Opinion Variety Health Highlights Politics Nation World Science Weather Traffic Video Photography Obituaries Classifieds Autos Housing Jobs Minneapolis St. Paul East Metro North Metro South Metro West Metro Projects Local Columnists Jon Tevlin James Lileks Local Blogs Campus Confidential Class Act Dateline Minnesota Full Disclosure Lileks at Lunch MPLS. STP The Drive Yesterday's News State Fair 10,000 Takes Data Drop Twins Vikings Wild Wolves Lynx MN United Gophers Colleges Golf Motorsports Outdoors High Schools Sports Columnists Dennis Anderson Sid Hartman Patrick Reusse Chip Scoggins Jim Souhan Sports Blogs Access Vikings A Fan's View Bloggin' Scoggins Dennis Anderson Doug Smith Gold in the Barn Gridiron Gold Ice Gold On the Lynx On the Wolves Patrick+ Randball Russo's Rants Sid's Scoops Souhan on Sports StribSports Upload The Roman Empire Twins Insider Sports Podcasts Access Vikings Twins Insider Talking Preps Top Workplaces Business Columnists Lee Schafer Neal St. Anthony Business Blogs 3D Economics Food Market Just Listed Lee Schafer Point of Sale The Mill Commentary Editorial Steve Sack Letters Podcasts Playing Politics Books Celebs Comics & Games Horoscopes Eat & Drink Movies Music Stage & Arts TV & Media Best of MN Health Home & Garden Kids' Health Style Taste The Good Life Travel Variety Columnists Gail Rosenblum C. J Variety Blogs Artcetera Escape Artists Greengirls Health Check Lileks @ Lunch On Books Table Talk Wingnut World Class View all Obituaries Place an Obituary Notice Place an Ad Garage Sales Estate Sales Merchandise Pets Recreational Vehicles & Marina Newspaper Ads Auctions Search Used Vehicles Sell your Vehicle Advertise Rentals Commercial Foreclosures Find an Agent Find a Job Your Resume Your Account Employer A-Z Top Workplaces Post a Job Star Tribune Close Home Local Sports Business Opinion Variety Obituaries Classifieds Autos Housing Jobs More from the Homepage prev New travel ban order draws mix of reactions in Minnesota Standardized tests costly but payoff varies, audit finds House GOP releases bill replacing Obama health care overhaul Likely tornado touches down near Zimmerman Was state to blame in White Bear Lake's decline? MN Senate rejects Real ID measure for driver's licenses On East Lake Street, debate heats up over 'livability crimes' Gophers, with Fleck fully in charge, get off to elite start for spring ball Free agency might be unkind to Peterson Gophers' Pitino named Big Ten Coach of the Year David Letterman: 'The only person I can trust anymore is Al Franken' next Nation 415432374 More than 90 regulations have been delayed, suspended or reversed under Trump More than 90 rules have been delayed, suspended or reversed under Trump.  By Eric Lipton and Binyamin Appelbaum New York Times March 5, 2017 — 10:38pm Jay Paul &#x2022; New York Times ag rule: Responding to a delay in a rule that would make it easier for chicken farmers to sue processors, poultry farmer Mike Weaver said, “These are federal regulations, yes, but these are good regulations.” Text size comment share tweet email Print more Share on: Share on LinkedIn Share on Google+ Share on Pinterest Copy shortlink: Purchase: Order Reprint Telecommunications giants like Verizon and AT&T will not have to take "reasonable measures" to ensure that their customers' Social Security numbers, web browsing history and other personal information are not stolen or accidentally released. Wall Street banks like Goldman Sachs and JPMorgan Chase will not be punished, at least for now, for not collecting extra money from customers to cover potential losses from certain kinds of high-risk trades that helped unleash the 2008 financial crisis. And Social Security Administration data will no longer be used to try to block individuals with disabling mental health issues from buying handguns; nor will hunters be banned from using lead-based bullets, which can accidentally poison wildlife, on 150 million acres of federal lands. These are just a few of the more than 90 regulations that federal agencies and the Republican-controlled Congress have delayed, suspended or reversed since President Donald Trump took office, according to a tally by the New York Times. The effort — dozens of additional rules could be eliminated in the coming weeks — represents one of the most significant shifts in regulatory policy in recent decades. It is the leading edge of what Steve Bannon, Trump's chief strategist, has described as "the deconstruction of the administrative state." In many cases, records show that the changes came after appeals by corporate lobbyists and trade association executives, who see a potentially historic opportunity to lower compliance costs and drive up profits. Slashing regulations, they argue, will unleash economic growth. Ty Wright &#x2022; New York Times Gun provision: Social Security Administration data will no longer be used to try to block individuals with disabling mental health issues from buying guns. The NRA and the ACLU objected to the provision. On a near daily basis, regulated industries are sending in specific requests to the Trump administration for more rollbacks, including recent appeals from 17 automakers to rescind an agreement to increase mileage standards for their fleets, and another from pharmaceutical industry figures to reverse a new rule that tightens scrutiny over the marketing of prescription drugs for unapproved uses. As of late Friday, word had leaked that the automakers' request for a rollback was about to be granted. "After a relentless, eight-year regulatory onslaught that loaded unprecedented burdens on businesses and the economy, relief is finally on the way," Thomas J. Donohue, president of the U.S. Chamber of Commerce, wrote. But dozens of public interest groups — environmentalists, labor unions, consumer watchdogs — have sounded the alarm about the potential threat to Americans' well-being. "Americans did not vote to be exposed to more health, safety, environmental and financial dangers," said one letter signed by leaders of 137 nonprofit groups that was sent to the White House last week. The regulatory retrenchment is unfolding on multiple fronts. Congress, with Trump's approval, has erased three Obama-era rules, lifting regulations related to coal mining and oil and gas exploration, as well as the sale of guns to mentally ill people. More than 25 additional rules could also be erased in the coming weeks. Trump has separately signed executive orders directing agencies to pursue the reversal of other rules, including a requirement that financial advisers act in the interest of their clients, and a rule aimed at protecting drinking water from pollution. New White House appointees at agencies including the Federal Communications Commission, the Securities and Exchange Commission, the Interior Department and the Environmental Protection Agency have also personally intervened in recent weeks to block, delay or start the process to nullify other rules, such as a requirement that corporations publish tallies comparing chief executive pay with average employee wages. The Trump administration has also imposed a broad regulatory freeze, instructing agencies to delay the adoption of any rules not in effect, and to consider whether those rules should be eliminated. A total of 46 Congressional Review Act resolutions — which gives Congress a window to overturn the decisions of regulatory agencies — are pending in Congress on topics including air pollution, unemployment compensation, endangered species listings, debit card fees and oil and gas drilling on federal lands as well as the Arctic outer continental shelf. The act, first adopted in 1996, had been used only once before to nullify a regulation, at the start of the Bush administration in 2001, when a Clinton-era rule was revoked. View Comments Read our comment standards StarTribune.com welcomes and encourages readers to comment and engage in substantive, mutually respectful exchanges over news topics. Commenters must follow our Terms of Use. Keep it civil and stay on topic. No profanity, vulgarity, racial slurs or personal attacks. Comments with web links are not permitted. Comments that violate the above will be removed. Repeat violators may lose their commenting privileges on StarTribune.com. Comments will be reviewed before being published. Powered by Livefyre } More from Star Tribune House GOP releases bill replacing Obama health care overhaul MN Senate rejects Real ID measure for driver's licenses David Letterman: 'The only person I can trust anymore is Al Franken' Likely tornado touches down near Zimmerman Free agency might be unkind to Peterson Stowaway cat survives 400-mile ride beneath St. Paul owner's semi-truck More From Nation National 34 minutes ago Power showdown between NC governor, legislature in court Lawyers for North Carolina Gov. Roy Cooper and the state's legislative leaders face off in court Tuesday over whether a series of new laws diminishing the governor's powers are constitutional. National 43 minutes ago Transgender Virginia student: Ruling leaves kids in limbo The U.S. Supreme Court's decision to back out of a lawsuit over transgender students' bathroom access is a disappointment that will keep transgender children in limbo, said 17-year-old plaintiff Gavin Grimm, who's become a national face of the issue. National 2:35am Top Trump security adviser faces questions in rare hearing The senior Army officer tapped by President Donald Trump to be his national security adviser faces questions from senators during a rare closed-door meeting amid intense scrutiny of the White House for alleged Trump campaign contacts with Russian officials. Nation 2:35am Vietnamese families forced out by San Jose floods When the floodwaters rushed in last month in San Jose, a firefighter hauled Hien Nguyen to safety. She left behind the two-bedroom apartment she shared with a roommate for $1,000 a month, managing only to take her identification and her phone. National 2:35am As president, Trump seeks answers on his own wiretap mystery If Donald Trump wants to know whether he was the subject of surveillance by the U.S. government, he may be uniquely positioned to get an answer. Top Stories New travel ban order draws mix of reactions in Minnesota Mar. 6 Standardized tests costly but payoff varies, audit finds 12:24am House GOP releases bill replacing Obama health care overhaul 12:50am Most Read Trump won't commit to accepting intelligence panel findings on Russia, White House says • Nation Trump administration faces challenges as it seeks to investigate itself • Nation Vietnamese families forced out by San Jose floods • Nation Though goodbyes may come soon, more adopting senior dogs • Nation Sessions defends his Russia testimony • Nation World North Korea fires 4 banned ballistic missiles into sea UK lawmakers to companies: End sexist high-heel dress codes Nation NYPD agrees to greater oversight after spying on Muslims White supremacists have 'unprecedented outreach' to try to recruit college students, ADL says Politics House GOP releases bill replacing Obama health care overhaul Trump offers Planned Parenthood funds if it halts abortions markets get quote symbol lookup 20 minute delay last updated Wild Yeo's visit as Blues coach is about success vs. Wild, and for his son Wild keeping practices short but efficient Wolves Wet floor forces Wolves to postpone home game Scoggins: Even with postponement, Aussie gets taste of being Wolves fan Gophers Gophers, with Fleck fully in charge, get off to elite start for spring ball Gophers' Pitino named Big Ten Coach of the Year Celebrities Kate McKinnon of SNL lampoons Sessions in 'Forrest Gump' parody (Video) One Direction's Louis Tomlinson arrested in airport scuffle Vikings 'A true professional.' Vikings' Greenway to announce retirement Free agency might be unkind to Peterson poll Poll: What do you think of the Wild's trade with Arizona? 10,000 Takes Minnesotans are loving this mild winter, but I want more cold and snow In becoming a U.S. citizen, I realized I've been an American all along Featured Gallery Take a tour of the new Palace Theatre in St. Paul 14 photos The big, new music venue is being ran by First Avenue general manager Nate ... Featured Video Art Shanty project is an inspiring way to enjoy winter 01:17 Minnesota people talk about their Art Shanty' experiences on the open weekend ... Taste Young Joni in Minneapolis serves up restaurant of the future Granite City restaurant in St. Louis Park to close StarTribune Follow Us On: Facebook Twitter Google+ Pinterest Instagram Tumblr Company About the Star Tribune Contact us Work For Us News in Education City Pages High school sports hubs Mobile and tablet apps Advertise with us Talk with a business consultant Media kit Classifieds Buy Star Tribune Store Photo Reprints Archived articles Back Copies Commercial reprints Licensing Customer support Help and Feedback Manage your account Newspaper subscription Digital access eEdition Vacation hold/billing Website Terms of use Privacy policy Site index RSS © 2017 StarTribune. All rights reserved.
Contact Us Journalists Blog Log In Sign Up Send a Release News Solutions Resources Search News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News dansk Deutsch español Français italiano Nederlands norsk português suomeksi svenska Global FinTech Marketplace: Technologies, Applications, and Services 2017 - 2022 News provided by ReportBuyer Mar 06, 2017, 20:37 ET Share this article NEW YORK, March 6, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- ew: Financial Technology (FinTech) represents both a highly disruptive challenge for incumbent financial institutions as a transformational opportunity for new market entrants as well as currently entrenched constituents in the ecosystem. Download the full report: https://www.reportbuyer.com/product/4754720/ All indications point towards the need for substantial change in the financial sector, driven by major macro forces such as the complete digitization of money (e.g. paper and coin money to become nearly extinct) as well as cultural changes such as the general acceptance of online and mobile banking, alternative banking providers, and peer-to-peer payments to name a few. There are many existing technologies being repurposed within the FinTech arena, but there are also a few important new technology development areas. One of the big opportunities for FinTech is Big Data and predictive analytics solutions, which are poised to optimize the value of data within the financial services sector. Big Data technologies and related business intelligence solutions provide financial services firms with the capability to capture and analyze data, build predictive models, back-test and simulate scenarios. Through iteration, firms will determine the most important variables and also key predictive models. This research provides a comparative analysis between the legacy financial system and emerging FinTech solutions including disruption, potential benefits, and challenges. The Report evaluates the evolving FinTech market ecosystem including startups, banks, investment companies, insurance companies, and non-financial organizations. The report analyzes the global impact of FinTech and the outlook for specific regions. The report provides forecasts for the period 2017 - 2022. All purchases of Mind Commerce reports includes time with an expert analyst who will help you link key findings in the report to the business issues you're addressing. This needs to be used within three months of purchasing the report. Target Audience: FinTech companies Mobile service providers Big Data and analytics providers Finance regulatory and policy makers Cloud and physical infrastructure providers Financial services companies and personnel Organizations investing in the financial services Companies in Report: 21 INC Acorns Addepar Adyen Affirm Algomi Alibaba Allstate Ally Alphasense Amazon Payments American Express Amex, MasterCard and Visa Angellist Apple Atom Bank Australasian Wealth Investments (AWI) Avant Azimo Barclays BBVA Betterment Billfloat Bitcoin Braintree C2FO Capital One 360 Chain.com Charles Schwab China Rapid Finance Circleup Citi Coinbase Credit Karma CrowdCube Digit Dwolla Earnest Equityzen Estimize Facebook Fidelity Financial Innovation Now Fundbox Fundera Fundrise Goldman Sachs Google Hello Wallet HSBC IEX JPMorgan Chase Kabbage Kensho Kickstarter Klarna Kreditech L2C Inc Learnvest Lending Club LendingRobot Level Money Lufax Metromile Money.net Motif Moven Nav Number26 OnDeck Oscar PayNearMe PayPal Personal Capital Plaid Premise Data Prosper Quantopian R3CEV Reinventure Ripple Riskalyze Robinhood Samsung Pay Santander Securekey Simple SocietyOne SOFI Square Stellar Stripe Transferwise Trueaccord Trueex Tyro Payments UBS Vanguard Vouch WealthFront Wells Fargo Western Union WorldRemit XAPO Xignite Zenefits ZestFinance Download the full report: https://www.reportbuyer.com/product/4754720/ About Reportbuyer Reportbuyer is a leading industry intelligence solution that provides all market research reports from top publishers http://www.reportbuyer.com For more information: Sarah Smith Research Advisor at Reportbuyer.com Email: query@reportbuyer.com Tel: +44 208 816 85 48 Website: www.reportbuyer.com To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/global-fintech-marketplace-technologies-applications-and-services-2017---2022-300418883.html SOURCE ReportBuyer Related Links http://www.reportbuyer.com Mar 06, 2017, 20:38 ET Preview: Chillers Market by Type, by End-Use Industry, and by Region - Global Forecast to 2021 Mar 06, 2017, 20:33 ET Preview: Hutchison MediPharma Ltd - Product Pipeline Review - 2016 My News Release contains wide tables. View fullscreen. Also from this source Mar 06, 2017, 21:59 ETPrecision Farming Technologies and Global Markets Mar 06, 2017, 21:57 ETBionics: Technologies and Global Markets Explore More news releases in similar topics Computer Electronics Publishing & Information Services Surveys, Polls and Research You just read: Global FinTech Marketplace: Technologies, Applications, and Services 2017 - 2022 News provided by ReportBuyer Mar 06, 2017, 20:37 ET Share this article Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire? Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform. Sign up to get started Request more information Have an account? Log In Phone 8AM - 10PM ET +1-888-776-0942 Send a Release Sign Up Blog For Journalists Contact Us Search Searching for your content... Advanced Search Contact PR Newswire 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Contact Us General Inquiries Request a Demo Editorial Bureaus Partnerships Media Inquiries Worldwide Offices Solutions Cision Communications Cloud™ For Marketers For Public Relations For IR & Compliance For Agency For Small Business All Products About About PR Newswire About Cision Become a Publishing Partner Become a Channel Partner Careers   Global Sites Asia Brazil Canada Europe Finland France India Israel Mexico Middle East Netherlands Sweden United Kingdom My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Terms of Use Privacy Policy Information Security Policy Statement Site Map RSS Feeds Copyright © 2017 PR Newswire Association LLC. All Rights Reserved. A Cision company. News Solutions Resources News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News dansk Deutsch español Français italiano Nederlands norsk português suomeksi svenska Phone +1-888-776-0942 8AM - 10PM ET Chat All contact info Send a ReleaseLog In
Latest News Dow 20,954 -51.37 -0.24% Nasdaq 5,849 -21.58 -0.37% S&P 500 2,375 -7.81 -0.33% 4:24 A.M. ET China's FX reserves rise back above $3 trillion 4:23 A.M. ET Updated How Europe-free GM and other auto stocks could rack up a ‘massive breakout’ 4:23 A.M. ET Australian winemaker Accolade drops IPO plan 4:22 A.M. ET Grafton hikes dividend despite drop in profit 4:21 A.M. ET Just Eat profit up 93%; sees more growth ahead 4:20 A.M. ET Updated Tesco sales rise again as Aldi, Lidl keep gaining 4:20 A.M. ET Updated This is the bull market’s 8th birthday! No, wait. THIS is the anniversary 4:18 A.M. ET U.K. house prices rise at a slower pace 4:15 A.M. ET Paysafe reiterates 2017 outlook after profit rises 4:12 A.M. ET Opinion Sam Eisenstadt, a supreme forecaster, has bad news for stock investors 4:01 A.M. ET Miners on the rise, but FTSE 100 struggling 3:35 A.M. ET Nissan's Hybrid Car Gains Ground on Toyota's Prius 3:23 A.M. ET John Laing profit rises; lifts dividend 3:21 A.M. ET Updated Draghi moving toward his first monetary tightening 3:21 A.M. ET Updated Why is market volatility so low when uncertainty is so high? 3:20 A.M. ET Updated Underestimated dangers lurk within ‘the world’s most deceptive chart’ 3:18 A.M. ET Intertek swings to yearly pretax profit 3:17 A.M. ET Shawbrook turns down improved buyout bid 3:15 A.M. ET Updated Why you shouldn’t order ice on a flight, and other ‘dirty little secrets’ 3:14 A.M. ET Updated Facial recognition technology is turning people into human bar codes Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Financial Adviser Center Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement Retire Here, Not There Encore Taxes How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate Location Scouts realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Home Press Release Global FinTech Marketplace: Technologies, Applications, and Services 2017 - 2022 By Published: Mar 6, 2017 8:37 p.m. ET Share NEW YORK, March 6, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- ew: Financial Technology (FinTech) represents both a highly disruptive challenge for incumbent financial institutions as a transformational opportunity for new market entrants as well as currently entrenched constituents in the ecosystem. Download the full report: https://www.reportbuyer.com/product/4754720/ All indications point towards the need for substantial change in the financial sector, driven by major macro forces such as the complete digitization of money (e.g. paper and coin money to become nearly extinct) as well as cultural changes such as the general acceptance of online and mobile banking, alternative banking providers, and peer-to-peer payments to name a few. There are many existing technologies being repurposed within the FinTech arena, but there are also a few important new technology development areas. One of the big opportunities for FinTech is Big Data and predictive analytics solutions, which are poised to optimize the value of data within the financial services sector. Big Data technologies and related business intelligence solutions provide financial services firms with the capability to capture and analyze data, build predictive models, back-test and simulate scenarios. Through iteration, firms will determine the most important variables and also key predictive models. This research provides a comparative analysis between the legacy financial system and emerging FinTech solutions including disruption, potential benefits, and challenges. The Report evaluates the evolving FinTech market ecosystem including startups, banks, investment companies, insurance companies, and non-financial organizations. The report analyzes the global impact of FinTech and the outlook for specific regions. The report provides forecasts for the period 2017 - 2022. All purchases of Mind Commerce reports includes time with an expert analyst who will help you link key findings in the report to the business issues you're addressing. This needs to be used within three months of purchasing the report. Target Audience: FinTech companies Mobile service providers Big Data and analytics providers Finance regulatory and policy makers Cloud and physical infrastructure providers Financial services companies and personnel Organizations investing in the financial services Companies in Report: 21 INC Acorns Addepar Adyen Affirm Algomi Alibaba Allstate Ally Alphasense Amazon Payments American Express Amex, MasterCard and Visa Angellist Apple Atom Bank Australasian Wealth Investments (AWI) Avant Azimo Barclays BBVA Betterment Billfloat Bitcoin Braintree C2FO Capital One 360 Chain.com Charles Schwab China Rapid Finance Circleup Citi Coinbase Credit Karma CrowdCube Digit Dwolla Earnest Equityzen Estimize Facebook Fidelity Financial Innovation Now Fundbox Fundera Fundrise Goldman Sachs Google Hello Wallet HSBC IEX JPMorgan Chase Kabbage Kensho Kickstarter Klarna Kreditech L2C Inc Learnvest Lending Club LendingRobot Level Money Lufax Metromile Money.net Motif Moven Nav Number26 OnDeck Oscar PayNearMe PayPal Personal Capital Plaid Premise Data Prosper Quantopian R3CEV Reinventure Ripple Riskalyze Robinhood Samsung Pay Santander Securekey Simple SocietyOne SOFI Square Stellar Stripe Transferwise Trueaccord Trueex Tyro Payments UBS Vanguard Vouch WealthFront Wells Fargo Western Union WorldRemit XAPO Xignite Zenefits ZestFinance Download the full report: https://www.reportbuyer.com/product/4754720/ About Reportbuyer Reportbuyer is a leading industry intelligence solution that provides all market research reports from top publishers http://www.reportbuyer.com For more information: Sarah Smith Research Advisor at Reportbuyer.com Email: query@reportbuyer.com Tel: +44 208 816 85 48 Website: www.reportbuyer.com To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/global-fintech-marketplace-technologies-applications-and-services-2017---2022-300418883.html SOURCE ReportBuyer Copyright (C) 2017 PR Newswire. All rights reserved Most Popular Struggling shopping malls let high schools, doctors move in where Penney’s used to be Why you shouldn’t order ice on a flight, and other ‘dirty little secrets’ Snap stock suffers first major selloff since going public Stock market closes lower as financials slump, North Korea fires missiles How wearable technology can transform health care MarketWatch Partner Center Property & Politics Ben Carson snaps up D.C.-area home for a discount View More SectorWatch How credit scores predict what you will buy next View More Real Estate We come clean about the least polluted U.S. cities (and the dirtiest) View More Financial News The 10 fintech firms to watch View More Sponsored Headlines MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News Online WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2017 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy (updated). Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. Intraday data delayed per exchange requirements. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real time last sale data provided by NASDAQ. More information on NASDAQ traded symbols and their current financial status. Intraday data delayed 15 minutes for Nasdaq, and 20 minutes for other exchanges. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. SEHK intraday data is provided by SIX Financial Information and is at least 60-minutes delayed. All quotes are in local exchange time. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found
Toggle navigation Join the ABA Shop ABA Calendar Member Directory News Home Featured Latest News Topics In-Depth Magazine Digital Edition Legal Rebels Podcasts Building the 21st-Century Law Firm Law by the Numbers Blawgs Blawg Directory Search Blawgs Blawg 100 About Authors Contact Us Contests Harper Lee Prize Cartoon Caption Contest Ross Essay Contest Subscribe to the Magazine Subscribe to Email Newsletters Social Media RSS Feeds Media Kit Submit Home Daily News Following Wells Fargo sham account claims,… Careers Following Wells Fargo sham account claims, Cravath partner tapped as new GC Posted Mar 06, 2017 05:33 pm CST By Stephanie Francis Ward Ken Wolter / Shutterstock.com Tweet C. Allen Parker, the former presiding partner of Cravath, Swaine & Moore, has been tapped to serve as Wells Fargo & Co.’s general counsel. The corporate partner stepped down as the firm’s presiding partner in January, the Financial Times reports. Parker practiced with Cravath for more than 25 years and replaces James Strother, who served as Wells Fargo’s general counsel since 2003. Last week, the bank cut compensation for eight top executives, including Strother, the American Lawyer reports. The move followed allegations that Wells employees opened as many as 2 million accounts without customers’ permission as part of an alleged scheme led by sales goals and potential bonuses. The bank agreed to settle the claims for $185 million, according to the article, and has set aside $1.7 billion for potential future litigation. Tim Sloan, the bank’s president and CEO, who also was denied a 2016 bonus and other compensation, described Parker as an “extraordinary leader and strategic adviser” in a statement. “Allen is well known throughout the legal and financial services industries not only for advising some of the world’s largest companies on their most complex legal matters but also for his strong character, integrity and high ethical standards,” Sloan wrote. “His background and corporate experience make him the ideal leader for this role as his efforts will be instrumental in helping our company continue to rebuild trust, make things right with customers, and build a better Wells Fargo.” Parker, who currently is based in New York, is expected to begin the new position March 27, at Wells’ San Francisco headquarters. Strother will stay to help with the transition, the bank said. A Columbia Law School graduate, Parker joined Cravath in 1984. He became a partner in 1990, and his clients include JPMorgan Chase & Co., Citigroup and DreamWorks Studios. He was selected as the firm’s presiding partner in 2012, succeeding Evan Chesler, who now serves as the firm’s chairman. Parker also chaired its diversity committee until recently. “Over the last 25 years, Allen has been one of the most respected banking lawyers in the United States, a highly valued and admired partner in our firm, and a mentor to countless young people,” Faiza Saeed, Cravath’s current presiding partner, said in a statement. “We are so pleased that Allen will now be joining our client of many years, Wells Fargo, and we look forward to continuing our relationship with him in this new capacity.” Previous: As funding for immigration enforcement increases, so will court backlog Filed under: In-house Counsel | Careers You might also like: If workplaces want to cut back on burnout, vacation email bans may be a good start Chadbourne gave bonuses to 44% of male and only 28% of female partners in 2015, says equal pay suit As a college journalist, SCOTUS nominee Gorsuch defended conservatism, gave space to the other side Trump's cabinet has fewer lawyers than in past administrations Yahoo's general counsel resigns after report finds lawyers didn't adequately respond to hack View the comments for this story We welcome your comments, but please adhere to our comment policy and the ABA Code of Conduct. Leave a comment Screen name Your screen name. Email address Your email address. Comment Save your information? Yes Notify me of follow-up comments? Yes Submit Comment Submit Most Read Most Commented 9th Circuit lets stand restraining order against Trump travel ban: Will case be heard en banc? HP general counsel tells law firms to meet diversity mandate or forfeit up to 10% of fees Trump says 'Sessions is an honest man' after AG recuses himself from campaign-related probe Did Kellyanne Conway's plug for Ivanka Trump violate ethics rules? Lawmakers seek ethics probe What would happen if Trump administration ignored a court order? Law profs consider the issue ABA Legal Career Center Attorney - ARCO Construction - Chicago, IL Posted: Mar 6, 2017, 5:14 pm CST More jobs ... Home Featured Daily News In-Depth Reporting Digital Edition Topics Podcasts Authors Blawg Directory Search Blawgs Blawg 100 Legal Rebels Numb#rs Contests Contact Us Subscribe to the Magazine Email Newsletters Social Media News & Magazine Apps RSS Feeds Media Kit About Us Terms of Use Code of Conduct Copyright Privacy Policy Your California Privacy Rights Tips & Pitches Corrections Reprints Back Issues Advertise with Us Copyright 2017 American Bar Association. All rights reserved.
Premium News Sport Business Money Opinion Obituaries Travel Tech & Science Culture Film TV Lifestyle Fashion Luxury Cars Video Free Mobile App Jobs Financial Services Rewards Events Dating Offers Shop Garden Shop Bookshop Box Office Puzzles Fantasy Football Wine Shop Work at The Telegraph Log out My Account Subscribe Rewards Video Login Register Subscribe Rewards Video Log out Rewards My Account Video Home News Sport Business ALL SECTIONS Business Economy Companies Opinion Markets A-Z Alex Telegraph Connect Events More Telegraph Business GDP is not enough: economists and businesses demand new measure of inclusive growth National figures on economic growth fail to take into account of regional variations and ignore quality of life, such as the gap in life expectancy between Surrey and the north east of England, the Inclusive Growth Commission warned Credit:  ANDREW YATES/AFP Tim Wallace 7 March 2017 • 12:01am The quality of economic growth needs to be measured, not just the quantity, if the government is to understand exactly how GDP growth affects people up and down the country, economists have proposed. Growth varies across the country with jobs and wages distributed unevenly, so the Inclusive Growth Commission (ICG) and the Royal Society for the encouragement of Arts, Manufactures and Commerce want the Office for National Statistics (ONS) to publish figures on quality of life alongside GDP numbers. “Traditional metrics of economic performance, such as GDP or at a regional level gross value added (GVA), are a poor guide to social and economic welfare,” said the ICG’s report. “They also do not tell us anything about how the opportunities and benefits of growth are distributed across different spatial areas and social or income groups. Nor do they do a good job of tracking structural economic change, the sustainability of growth, or the human impact of shifts in the labour market.” The Commission is headed by Stephanie Flanders, JP Morgan's chief market strategist and the former BBC economics editor Credit: Clara Molden Local productivity, local incomes, the distribution of earnings, pay changes for the lowest paid and levels of regional economic inactivity could all form part of this new inclusive growth metric, said the ICG which is chaired by Stephanie Flanders, JP Morgan’s chief market strategist. The Commission also includes former Rolls-Royce chief executive Sir John Rose and London School of Economics professor Henry Overman. The recommendation comes at a time when the ONS is looking for ways to beef up its capabilities. Other official bodies including the Bank of England are also trying to improve their forecasting models. One problem linked to the idea of inclusive growth is that the economy has been growing and unemployment has been falling, yet wage growth has remained muted. Bank of England officials are studying the problem closely, recalibrating their theories of slack in the economy and examining sources of wage growth. Extra detail from the ONS on inclusive growth could help to shed light on the variance in pay and jobs in different parts of the country and the labour market. The IGC also recommends the Chancellor merge a series of initiatives including the Local Growth Fund and the Life Chances Investment Fund into one Inclusive Growth Investment Fund, with a combined budget of £3.8bn per year. As a result it could better coordinate investment to target the proposed new measure of inclusive growth, the IGC suggests. Follow Telegraph Business READ MORE ABOUT: UK economy Show more Business latest 07 Mar 2017, 9:34am Live Pound drops to seven-week low and European shares slip after German factory orders suffer worst month since financial crisis 07 Mar 2017, 9:24am More than 800 jobs to be lost as Budgens closes 34 stores  07 Mar 2017, 9:01am Switch is 'fastest-selling console in Nintendo's history' 01:39 07 Mar 2017, 7:36am When is the Budget? Predictions and what we can expect from Philip Hammond's speech 07 Mar 2017, 6:58am Questor: this 7.2pc yield is not all that it seems – beware the Game Digital value trap  Premium 07 Mar 2017, 12:01am North Sea 'urgently needs fresh capital' before 2020 cliff edge 07 Mar 2017, 12:01am Consumer boom at an end as prices rise and shoppers cut back  06 Mar 2017, 10:21pm Compare The Market owner BGL relaxed on float after year's record start 06 Mar 2017, 9:25pm Comment: Curbing food waste saves money, as well as the planet Dave Lewis Premium 06 Mar 2017, 8:57pm Comment: Aberdeen and Standard Life spread Scotch mist over deal Christopher Williams Premium 06 Mar 2017, 8:00pm Business rates 'winners' still losing due to inadequate Government scheme 06 Mar 2017, 6:58pm £11bn Standard Life and Aberdeen merger driven by weakness, analysts warn 06 Mar 2017, 6:44pm Smith & Nephew slashes chief's pay following investor revolt 06 Mar 2017, 6:35pm KPMG's UK boss Simon Collins loses out in race to become global chairman of accounting giant 06 Mar 2017, 5:42pm FTSE 100 falters and pound skids towards $1.22 as investors focus on flurry of M&A activity 06 Mar 2017, 5:32pm Apple loses battle to avoid UK import taxes on watch straps  06 Mar 2017, 5:14pm 'Hard' Brexit would be good news for Vauxhall 06 Mar 2017, 4:01pm Explorer Bowleven hopes oilfield deal will see off shareholder rebellion 06 Mar 2017, 3:55pm Dreams posts record results as it gears up for stock market listing 06 Mar 2017, 3:46pm Barratt sells £140m of London homes amid slowing sales in the capital 06 Mar 2017, 3:34pm British Land raises pay for parental leave to encourage women back to work If you would like to add a comment, please register or log in Register Log in Contact us Rewards Archive Reader Prints Advertising Syndication Guidelines Privacy Terms and Conditions Leave your feedback © Telegraph Media Group Limited 2017 Your support makes a big difference In order to bring you award-winning content and investigative journalism from your favourite writers, we rely on revenue generated by advertising. Please consider supporting us by turning off your ad blocker. Just a couple of clicks will make a big difference. Thank you. Need help? Click here for instructions Close
Bloomberg the Company & Its ProductsBloomberg Anywhere Remote LoginBloomberg Anywhere LoginBloomberg Terminal Demo Request Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Philanthropy & Engagement Bloomberg London Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Philanthropy & Engagement Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Bloomberg London Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Advertising Bloomberg Media Distribution Bloomberg Live Conferences Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center MENU Homepage Markets Stocks Currencies Commodities Rates + Bonds Economics Magazine Benchmark Watchlist Economic Calendar Tech U.S. Global Startups Cybersecurity Digital Media Bloomberg Technology TV Hello World Studio 1.0 Pursuits Cars & Bikes Style & Grooming Spend Watches & Gadgets Food & Drinks Travel Real Estate Art & Design Politics Global Risk Briefing How We’ll Know if Trump Is Making America Great Again Tracking Trump’s Web of Conflicts The Inauguration of Donald J. Trump On the March in Trump’s Capital Opinion View Gadfly Businessweek Subscribe Cover Stories Opening Remarks Etc Features 85th Anniversary Issue Behind The Cover More Science + Energy Graphics Billionaires Game Plan Small Business Personal Finance Live TV Inspire GO The David Rubenstein Show Sponsored Content Bloomberg About The Company Sign In Sign In Subscribe Stocks Stagnate After Recent Rally; Metals Slide: Markets Wrap by Garfield Clinton Reynolds @GarfieldR1966 More stories by Garfield Clinton Reynolds and Adam Haigh @adhaigh More stories by Adam Haigh March 6, 2017, 5:54 PM EST March 7, 2017, 3:33 AM EST Europe shares fall for 4th day, Asia stocks gain in thin trade Aussie climbs after central bank leaves rates unchanged Allianz's Chan Says Asia Markets Did 'Surprisingly' Well Investors found little inspiration for taking global stocks higher following a rally leading up to a near-certain U.S. interest-rate increase. Basic metals continued to slide, with copper retreating for a fourth day. European stocks headed for a fourth day of losses. Hong Kong-listed Chinese stocks paced gains in Asia, where trading volumes were down across most of the region. JPMorgan Chase & Co. warned that hawkish Federal Reserve rhetoric has increased the likelihood for a short-term pullback after stocks reached records last week. The Aussie dollar and stocks in Sydney rose as the Reserve Bank of Australia kept rates at a record low. Copper, iron ore and zinc paced a retreat in metals prices. The most important market news of the day. Get our markets daily newsletter. Sign Up Global stocks this month climbed to a record high amid bets the U.S. economy is strong enough to withstand a rate hike this month that Federal Reserve Chair Janet Yellen has all but assured investors will happen. Chinese Premier Li Keqiang warned of larger challenges ahead during his work report to the annual National People’s Congress gathering in Beijing. In Europe, politics has become the main market driver as populist candidates come to the fore amid election campaigns in the Netherlands, France and Germany. “The market’s already mostly priced in a March rate hike,” said Kiyoshi Ishigane, chief strategist at Mitsubishi UFJ Kokusai Asset Management Co. “But we’re yet to see what the latest non-farm payrolls data look like. Also the market has yet to figure out what path beyond March the FOMC will be taking.” Read our Markets Live blog here. What’s ahead for the markets: Mario Draghi probably won’t flinch at Thursday’s ECB meeting even after headline inflation reached its 2 percent target in February. He’s expected to keep QE going until the end of the year with underlying price pressures muted.  U.S. jobs data for February are due Friday. Employers probably added around 190,000 workers to payrolls, in line with the average over the past six months and a sign of steady job growth, economists forecast. Other economic highlights of the week are Japanese data on balance of payments and gross domestic product, Chinese trade figures, industrial output for Germany, France and the U.K. Philip Hammond’s U.K. budget arrives Wednesday. The chancellor pledged on Sunday to set aside money to cushion the economy from Brexit.  Here are the main moves in markets: Stocks The Stoxx Europe 600 fell 0.1 percent as of 8:31 a.m. in London, after a 0.5 percent drop on Monday. The index is down 0.8 percent over four days. The S&P/ASX 200 index rose 0.3 percent after swinging between gains and losses before the central bank’s decision. The Topix ended little changed while the Hang Seng China Enterprises Index rose 0.6 percent. Futures on the S&P 500 declined 0.1 percent, after the benchmark index lost 0.3 percent on Monday. The index is up 6.1 percent in 2017. Currencies The Aussie rose 0.4 percent to 76.08 U.S. cents. The central bank said conditions in the global economy have improved and local consumption growth was stronger, reducing speculation it will cut interest rates this year. The yen added 0.1 percent to 113.78 per dollar. The Bloomberg Dollar Spot Index lost 0.1 percent after gaining 0.2 percent on Monday. The euro climbed 0.1 percent after sliding 0.4 percent Monday. Former Prime Minister Alain Juppe said he won’t enter the race for the presidency, reducing the chances of anti-euro candidate Marine Le Pen being eliminated in the first round of voting.   Bonds Yields on 10-year Treasuries were unchanged at 2.50 percent after climbing two basis points Monday. Commodities West Texas Intermediate crude rose 0.2 percent to $53.29 a barrel. Iraq said it was ready to cut production in the second half of this year if OPEC decides to extend a policy limiting output in an attempt to balance a global oversupply. Gold was steady at $1,225.42 an ounce after dropping 0.8 percent in the previous session. Iron ore dropped 2.2 percent, falling for a third straight day, and zinc lost 1 percent. Copper dropped 0.5 percent after sliding 1 percent a day earlier to the lowest in almost a month. Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal. LEARN MORE Most Read Trump's Wiretap Tweets Raise Risk of Impeachment Russian Hackers Said to Seek Hush Money From Liberal Groups TSA Warns Local Police About Its New Airport Pat-Downs Trump Issues Revised Travel Ban to Address Legal Challenges Mercedes Is Making the World’s Most Expensive SUV Terms of Service Trademarks Privacy Policy ©2017 Bloomberg L.P. All Rights Reserved Careers Made in NYC Advertise Ad Choices Website Feedback Help
Skip to content MilTech pr@satprnews.com Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 6 March 2017 by Military News First Global Fintech Fund for the Underserved Closes with $141 Million in Capital Contributions The Accion Frontier Inclusion Fund, managed by Quona Capital, invests in companies that innovate to expand access to financial services to underserved consumers and businesses in emerging markets SOURCE: MetLife Inc. SUMMARY: Three billion people around the world are underserved by the financial sector, with limited or no access to quality savings, credit, insurance, and payments. The Accion Frontier Inclusion Fund aims to address this solvable problem by catalyzing fintech innovations that can radically improve the quality and availability of financial services for the underserved. Alternative credit, payments, small and medium enterprise (SME) finance, and insurtech are among the solutions the Fund aims to accelerate. Global nonprofit Accion, the Fund’s sponsor and anchor investor, brings more than 50 years of experience in harnessing the capital markets to help provide people with the financial tools and services they need to build better lives. Quona Capital – founded by a global team with deep entrepreneurial and investment experience in financial services and technology – is a venture firm specializing in fintech for inclusive finance in emerging markets. DESCRIPTION: WASHINGTON, D.C., March 6, 2017 /3BL Media/ – Accion and Quona Capital announced today the final close of the Accion Frontier Inclusion Fund, the world’s first global fintech fund for the underserved. The oversubscribed Fund represents $141M in commitments from an array of leading institutional investors including global insurance companies, investment banks and asset managers, a university endowment, prominent foundations and family offices, as well as development finance institutions. The Fund will focus on emerging markets in sub-Saharan Africa, Latin America, and Asia (with a particular emphasis on India and Southeast Asia) that have demonstrated the greatest potential for inclusive fintech.  “Three billion people are left out of, or poorly served by, the global financial system. The Accion Frontier Inclusion Fund – the world’s first global fintech fund for the underserved – will help address this,” said Michael Schlein, CEO and President of Accion. “The Fund will support innovators using new technologies to help create a financial system that works for everyone. By focusing on both social impact and financial returns, we believe the Fund shows the importance of harnessing the capital markets to solve society’s most challenging problems.”   Three billion people around the world are underserved by the financial sector, with limited or no access to quality savings, credit, insurance, and payments. “The diversity and caliber of investors the Fund has attracted and the capital they have put behind it is an unambiguous validation of our investment thesis and a milestone for both financial inclusion and the impact investing industry,” said Monica Brand Engel, a founding partner at Quona Capital, the Fund manager. “By identifying and supporting the most promising business models, the Fund can produce a demonstration effect that inspires others to pursue inclusive new technologies and compete in traditionally underserved communities.” The Fund’s anchor investor, general partner, and sponsor is Accion, a global nonprofit committed to creating a financially inclusive world that benefits the three billion financially underserved people failed by the world’s formal economy. Over the last nine years, Accion has made more than thirty impact investments in startups that are finding new ways to meet the financial needs of the underserved. The Fund is managed by Quona Capital, a venture firm focused on inclusive financial technology in emerging markets. The Quona founding team has decades of experience as investors and entrepreneurs in financial services and technology in both emerging and developed markets and is passionate about making a lasting impact through its investments. To-date, the Accion Frontier Inclusion Fund has invested in: Konfio, which uses unique data analytics and an online platform to deliver affordable working capital loans to micro-businesses in Mexico Creditas, an innovative provider of secured home and auto equity loan solutions for the emerging middle class in Brazil Coins, a mobile payments platform leveraging the blockchain to provide a comprehensive suite of services for low income consumers in the Philippines NeoGrowth, the first company to offer card and other electronic payments receivables financing to SMEs in India Yoco, a mobile point of sale and value added service solution for micro and small merchants in Africa, to help expand the acceptance environment for digital payments Invoinet, a reverse factoring platform for small and medium enterprises in Argentina and Brazil Eseye, a global Internet of Things service provider enabling pay-as-you-go asset financing and access to prepaid utilities to underserved consumers in emerging markets IndiaMART, India’s largest B2B listing and transactions platform for SMEs, which is making a strong foray into associated payment and financial solutions CreditMantri, a credit advisory platform in India, utilizing traditional and alternative data to provide consumers enhanced credit profiles and access to improved credit options The pipeline is dynamic and growing. The Fund plans announcements of additional investments in exciting innovators expanding the quality and availability of financial services in emerging markets.  The Fund’s investors include Accion; AXA Impact Fund; Blue Haven Initiative; Calvert Equity Portfolio; the Dalio Foundation; FMO (Nederlandse Financierings-Maatschappij voor Ontwikkelingslanden); Heifer Foundation; IDP Foundation, Inc.; IFC (International Finance Corporation), a member of the World Bank Group; JPMorgan Chase & Co.; The Lemelson Foundation; Mastercard; MetLife; PG Impact Investments; Private Market Impact Fund; Prudential Financial, Inc.; Quona Capital; The Sandy River Charitable Foundation; Skopos Impact Fund; TIAA Investments, an affiliate of Nuveen; Triodos Fair Share Fund and Triodos Microfinance Fund, funds managed by Triodos Investment Management; Wallace Global Fund; and William A. Gee. About Accion Frontier Inclusion Fund and Quona Capital The Accion Frontier Inclusion Fund, managed by Quona Capital, is the first global fintech fund for the underserved, investing in innovative financial technology and services companies that promote financial inclusion for the three billion people around the world who are underserved by financial services. Quona Capital is an early growth-stage venture firm focused on financial technology for underserved consumers and businesses in emerging markets. The fund is sponsored by Accion, a global leader in inclusive finance with a rich history of double-bottom line investing, where its impact investments create positive economic and social returns. For further information, visit http://www.quona.com and http://www.accion.org/frontier. Media Contacts: Katie Mounts kmounts@accion.org +1 202.280.5859 Allison Steitz allison@quona.com +1 858.216.5709 Tweet me: .@Accion, @QuonaCapital launch the Accion Frontier Inclusion Fund, the 1st global #fintech fund for the underserved http://bit.ly/2lu7MWD KEYWORDS: Finance & Socially Responsible Investment, Finance, Accion, Quona Capital, MetLife, fintech, Accion Frontier Inclusion Fund CategoriesUncategorized TagsBusiness, Companies, company, Economy, Environment, general, Home and Garden, Industry, Internet, Markets, private, service, Technology, Uncategorized, World Post navigation Previous PostPrevious DSi Digital Launches VIZZ 3D, a Powerful Building Visualization and Collaboration Tool Next PostNext Bend City Councilors resume Council office hours in April Search Recent Posts Atradius annonce des Résultats en hausse de 19 % en 2016 Jaarresultaat Atradius 2016: stijging van 19 procent Atradius steigert das Jahresergebnis für 2016 um 19 Prozent Atradius: utile netto in crescita del 19% nel 2016 Talentoday, startup en technologie Ressources Humaines (RH), a réalisé une levée de fonds « Série A » de 3.49 millions de dollars Proudly powered by WordPress
About Us Contact Us Help user name password Client login:    First time user sign up Forgot your login info? Website Directory     Submit Website Search All categoriesAdvertising  GeneralAerospace  GeneralAgriculture  GeneralAirlines  GeneralAmerica - Post 9/11  GeneralApparel  GeneralApple Products  GeneralArchitectural  GeneralArchitecture  ArchitectureArt & Entertainments  Books  Celebrities  Country Music  Dance  Magazines  Movies  Museums  Music  Music Downloads  News & Talk Shows  Performing Arts  Photography  Television  Web SitesArts/Culture  GeneralAuction  GeneralAutomotive  Aftermarket  Classic Autos  Consumer Publications  General  Motorcycle & Bike  Racing  Recreational Vehicle  Repair & Service  Trade PublicationsBlogging & Social Media  Blogging & Social MediaBusiness  Advertising / Marketing  Books  Consumer Research  Direct Marketing  e-Commerce  Entrepreneurs  Finance  Franchise  Human Resources  Insurance  Investment  Management  Markets  Network Marketing  Online Marketing / SEO  Payday Loans  Public Relations  Publications  Real Estate  Retail  Stocks  Supermarkets  Women in BusinessCareers/HR  GeneralChemical  GeneralCoaching / Mentoring  Coaching / MentoringComputers  Apple Products  Databases  Games & Entertainment  General  Hosting  Instruction  Linux / GNU "Open Source"  Macintosh  Microsoft Windows PC  Operating Systems  Programming  Security  Software  Tablet PCs  UtilitiesConstruction  GeneralConsumer  Gifts and Collectibles  Hobbies  Web sites / InternetDesign  Graphic Design  Industrial  WebE-Cigarette  GeneraleCommerce  GeneralEconomy  GeneralEducation  College / University  General  Home Schooling  K-12  Post Graduate  TechnicalElectronics  GeneralEmail Marketing  GeneralEmailWire Press Releases  Press Release TipsEmployment/Careers  GeneralEngineering  GeneralEntertainment  GeneralEnvironment  GeneralEvents / Trade Shows  GeneralFinance  GeneralFood  GeneralFranchise  GeneralFraud / Identity Theft  GeneralGaming  GeneralGovernment  General  Judicial  Law Enforcement  Legislative  Local  National  Public Services  Security  State  TransportationHealthcare  GeneralHome and Family  Banking / Personal Finance  Bereavement / Loss  Home Furnishings / Interiors  Landscaping & Gardening  Marriage / Relationships  Money  Parenting  Payday Loans  Pets  Taxes  Wedding / BridalHome Schooling  GeneralHotels/Resorts  GeneralHousehold  GeneralIndustry  Aerospace / Defense  Agriculture  Apparel / Textiles  Broadcast  Construction / Building  Electrical  Food  Funeral  Healthcare  Leisure / Hospitality  Logistics / Shipping  Manufacturing / Production  Mining / Metals  Oil / Energy  Paper / Forest Products  Plumbing, Heating & AC  Print Media  Printing  Publishing  Radio  Restaurants  Tobacco  ToyInsurance  GeneralInternet/Online  GeneralLegal  GeneralLeisure  GeneralLifestyle  Beauty  Dating / Singles  Diet / Weight Loss  Fashion  Food / Beverage  Health & Fitness  Hotel / Resorts  Pastimes  Restaurants  Retirement  Travel & TourismMachinery  GeneralMaritime  GeneralMedical  Addiction  Allergies  Alternative Medicine  Asthma  Cancer  Cardiology  Chiropractic  Dental  Dermatology  Diabetes  Emergency  Family Medicine  General  General  Geriatrics  Hospitals  Infectious Diseases  Internal Medicine  Managed Care / HMO  Medical Products  Mental Health  Neurology  Nursing  Nutrition  OB / GYN  Pediatrics  Pharmaceuticals  Physical Therapy  Plastic Surgery  Psychology  Radiology / Imaging  Research  Sports Medicine  Surgery  VisionMilitary  GeneralMining/Metals  GeneralMiscellaneous  GeneralNanotechnology  NanotechnologyNon-profit  GeneralOccupational Safety  Occupational SafetyOil/Energy  GeneralOpinion / Editorial  Opinion / EditorialPaper Products  GeneralPaper/Forest  GeneralPharmaceuticals  GeneralPodcasting  Announce  Tools and ServicesPolitics  PoliticsPrint Media  GeneralPublic Utilities  Public UtilitiesPublishing  GeneralRadio  GeneralReal Estate  GeneralReligion  Christian  General  Islam  Jewish  OtherRestaurants  GeneralRetail  GeneralRSS & Content Syndication  RSS & Content SyndicationScience and Research  Science and ResearchSelf-Help / Personal Growth  Self-Help / Personal GrowthShipbuilding  GeneralSociety  African American Interests  Asian Interests  Childrens Issues  Disabled Issues / Disabilities  Gay / Lesbian  Hispanic  Mens Interests  Native American  Senior Citizens  Social Services  Teen Issues/Interests  Womens InterestSoftware  GeneralSports  Baseball  Basketball  Bicycling  Boating / Maritime  Bowling  Boxing  Fishing  Football  Golf  Hockey  Hunting  Martial Arts  Outdoors  Rugby  Soccer  Tennis  Water  Winter/SnowSports/Fitness  GeneralStocks  GeneralSupermarkets  GeneralTechnology  Biotechnology  Computer  Electronics  Enterprise Software  Games  Graphics/Printing/CAD  Hardware / Peripherals  Industrial  Information  Internet  Multimedia  Networking  Public Sector/Government  Robotics  Semiconductor  Software  Telecommunications  WebmastersTelecom  General  WirelessTelevision  GeneralTobacco  GeneralTrade  GeneralTransportation  GeneralTravel  GeneralUtilities  GeneralVolunteer  VolunteerWeather  Weather Home > News By Company > ReportsWeb.com Tweet   Worldwide Advertising Market 2016 Trend, Analysis and Overview ReportsWeb.com published Advertising Market from its database. The report covers the market landscape and its growth prospects over the coming years. The report also includes a discussion of the key vendors operating in this market.   (EMAILWIRE.COM, March 06, 2017 ) Advertisements include any paid form of non-personal presentation and promotion of ideas, goods or services by an identified sponsor. It is an effective tool used in business to differentiate goods and services in a meaningful way to connect the consumer with the brand. Publisher's analysts forecast the global advertising market to grow at a CAGR of 5.80% during the period 2016-2020. For more information about this report: http://www.reportsweb.com/global-advertising-market-2016-2020 Covered in this report The report covers the present scenario and the growth prospects of the global advertising market for 2016-2020. To calculate the market size, the report considers the advertising spend by businesses. The market is divided into the following segments based on geography: - Americas - APAC - EMEA Publisher's report, Global Advertising Market 2016-2020, has been prepared based on an in-depth market analysis with inputs from industry experts. The report covers the market landscape and its growth prospects over the coming years. The report also includes a discussion of the key vendors operating in this market. Key vendors - American Express - Ford - Pfizer - Procter &Gamble - Verizon Communications Request Sample Copy at http://www.reportsweb.com/inquiry&RW0001374296/sample Other prominent vendors - AT&T - Fiat - Comcast - General Motors - Johnson and Johnson - JP Morgan Chase - L'Oréal - Time Warner - Toyota - Walt Disney Market driver - Increased product penetration in the market - For a full, detailed list, view our report Market challenge - Rapidly evolving consumer behavior - For a full, detailed list, view our report Market trend - Increased use of QR codes for advertising - For a full, detailed list, view our report Inquire for Report at http://www.reportsweb.com/inquiry&RW0001374296/buying Contact Information: ReportsWeb.com Priya Sisodia Tel: +1-646-491-9876 Email us This is a press release. Press release distribution and press release services by EmailWire.Com: http://www.emailwire.com/us-press-release-distribution.php. 
   Search All categoriesAdvertising  GeneralAerospace  GeneralAgriculture  GeneralAirlines  GeneralAmerica - Post 9/11  GeneralApparel  GeneralApple Products  GeneralArchitectural  GeneralArchitecture  ArchitectureArt & Entertainments  Books  Celebrities  Country Music  Dance  Magazines  Movies  Museums  Music  Music Downloads  News & Talk Shows  Performing Arts  Photography  Television  Web SitesArts/Culture  GeneralAuction  GeneralAutomotive  Aftermarket  Classic Autos  Consumer Publications  General  Motorcycle & Bike  Racing  Recreational Vehicle  Repair & Service  Trade PublicationsBlogging & Social Media  Blogging & Social MediaBusiness  Advertising / Marketing  Books  Consumer Research  Direct Marketing  e-Commerce  Entrepreneurs  Finance  Franchise  Human Resources  Insurance  Investment  Management  Markets  Network Marketing  Online Marketing / SEO  Payday Loans  Public Relations  Publications  Real Estate  Retail  Stocks  Supermarkets  Women in BusinessCareers/HR  GeneralChemical  GeneralCoaching / Mentoring  Coaching / MentoringComputers  Apple Products  Databases  Games & Entertainment  General  Hosting  Instruction  Linux / GNU "Open Source"  Macintosh  Microsoft Windows PC  Operating Systems  Programming  Security  Software  Tablet PCs  UtilitiesConstruction  GeneralConsumer  Gifts and Collectibles  Hobbies  Web sites / InternetDesign  Graphic Design  Industrial  WebE-Cigarette  GeneraleCommerce  GeneralEconomy  GeneralEducation  College / University  General  Home Schooling  K-12  Post Graduate  TechnicalElectronics  GeneralEmail Marketing  GeneralEmailWire Press Releases  Press Release TipsEmployment/Careers  GeneralEngineering  GeneralEntertainment  GeneralEnvironment  GeneralEvents / Trade Shows  GeneralFinance  GeneralFood  GeneralFranchise  GeneralFraud / Identity Theft  GeneralGaming  GeneralGovernment  General  Judicial  Law Enforcement  Legislative  Local  National  Public Services  Security  State  TransportationHealthcare  GeneralHome and Family  Banking / Personal Finance  Bereavement / Loss  Home Furnishings / Interiors  Landscaping & Gardening  Marriage / Relationships  Money  Parenting  Payday Loans  Pets  Taxes  Wedding / BridalHome Schooling  GeneralHotels/Resorts  GeneralHousehold  GeneralIndustry  Aerospace / Defense  Agriculture  Apparel / Textiles  Broadcast  Construction / Building  Electrical  Food  Funeral  Healthcare  Leisure / Hospitality  Logistics / Shipping  Manufacturing / Production  Mining / Metals  Oil / Energy  Paper / Forest Products  Plumbing, Heating & AC  Print Media  Printing  Publishing  Radio  Restaurants  Tobacco  ToyInsurance  GeneralInternet/Online  GeneralLegal  GeneralLeisure  GeneralLifestyle  Beauty  Dating / Singles  Diet / Weight Loss  Fashion  Food / Beverage  Health & Fitness  Hotel / Resorts  Pastimes  Restaurants  Retirement  Travel & TourismMachinery  GeneralMaritime  GeneralMedical  Addiction  Allergies  Alternative Medicine  Asthma  Cancer  Cardiology  Chiropractic  Dental  Dermatology  Diabetes  Emergency  Family Medicine  General  General  Geriatrics  Hospitals  Infectious Diseases  Internal Medicine  Managed Care / HMO  Medical Products  Mental Health  Neurology  Nursing  Nutrition  OB / GYN  Pediatrics  Pharmaceuticals  Physical Therapy  Plastic Surgery  Psychology  Radiology / Imaging  Research  Sports Medicine  Surgery  VisionMilitary  GeneralMining/Metals  GeneralMiscellaneous  GeneralNanotechnology  NanotechnologyNon-profit  GeneralOccupational Safety  Occupational SafetyOil/Energy  GeneralOpinion / Editorial  Opinion / EditorialPaper Products  GeneralPaper/Forest  GeneralPharmaceuticals  GeneralPodcasting  Announce  Tools and ServicesPolitics  PoliticsPrint Media  GeneralPublic Utilities  Public UtilitiesPublishing  GeneralRadio  GeneralReal Estate  GeneralReligion  Christian  General  Islam  Jewish  OtherRestaurants  GeneralRetail  GeneralRSS & Content Syndication  RSS & Content SyndicationScience and Research  Science and ResearchSelf-Help / Personal Growth  Self-Help / Personal GrowthShipbuilding  GeneralSociety  African American Interests  Asian Interests  Childrens Issues  Disabled Issues / Disabilities  Gay / Lesbian  Hispanic  Mens Interests  Native American  Senior Citizens  Social Services  Teen Issues/Interests  Womens InterestSoftware  GeneralSports  Baseball  Basketball  Bicycling  Boating / Maritime  Bowling  Boxing  Fishing  Football  Golf  Hockey  Hunting  Martial Arts  Outdoors  Rugby  Soccer  Tennis  Water  Winter/SnowSports/Fitness  GeneralStocks  GeneralSupermarkets  GeneralTechnology  Biotechnology  Computer  Electronics  Enterprise Software  Games  Graphics/Printing/CAD  Hardware / Peripherals  Industrial  Information  Internet  Multimedia  Networking  Public Sector/Government  Robotics  Semiconductor  Software  Telecommunications  WebmastersTelecom  General  WirelessTelevision  GeneralTobacco  GeneralTrade  GeneralTransportation  GeneralTravel  GeneralUtilities  GeneralVolunteer  VolunteerWeather  Weather Advertising | How to contact us | Privacy Statement | EmailWire Press Releases | Partnership Opportunities EmailWire is a press release distribution service of GroupWeb Media LLC. © Copyright GroupWeb Media LLC 2017
Home About/Contact US Privacy Policy Staff Daily Email Updates Headlines Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Investing Alphabet Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Alphabet Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Recent Posts Virgin Money Holdings PLC’s (VM) Overweight Rating Reaffirmed at Barclays PLC Liberum Capital Reiterates Buy Rating for Utilitywise PLC (UTW) Unilever plc (ULVR) PT Set at GBX 4,300 by Berenberg Bank VF Corp (VFC) to Issue Quarterly Dividend of $0.42 on March 20th Travis Perkins plc (TPK) Price Target Cut to GBX 1,670 Travis Perkins plc (TPK) Rating Reiterated by JPMorgan Chase & Co. Energy Recovery, Inc. (ERII) Scheduled to Post Quarterly Earnings on Wednesday Evoke Pharma Inc (EVOK) Set to Announce Quarterly Earnings on Wednesday Brokerages Set WellCare Health Plans, Inc. (WCG) Target Price at $131.89 British Land Company PLC (BLND) Rating Reiterated by JPMorgan Chase & Co. Arrow Global Group PLC’s (ARW) Buy Rating Reiterated at Shore Capital Assured Guaranty Ltd. (AGO) Lowered to “Mkt Perform” at Keefe, Bruyette & Woods Paratek Pharmaceuticals Inc (PRTK) Upgraded at Zacks Investment Research Waste Management, Inc. (WM) Downgraded to “Equal Weight” at Barclays PLC Cantor Fitzgerald Reaffirms Buy Rating for Evolent Health Inc (EVH) Canaccord Genuity Reiterates Buy Rating for Amazon.com, Inc. (AMZN) On Deck Capital, Inc. (ONDK) Rating Reiterated by Canaccord Genuity SunTrust Banks Weighs in on Park Hotels & Resorts Inc.’s Q1 2017 Earnings (PK) Eco-Stim Energy Solutions Inc (ESES) to Release Earnings on Wednesday Research Analysts Set Expectations for PRA Health Sciences Inc’s Q1 2017 Earnings (PRAH) Alphabet Inc (GOOG) Director Ann Mather Sells 22 Shares of Stock Posted by William Strong on Mar 6th, 2017 // No Comments Tweet Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOG) Director Ann Mather sold 22 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction dated Wednesday, March 1st. The stock was sold at an average price of $832.95, for a total value of $18,324.90. Following the completion of the sale, the director now owns 1,672 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $1,392,692.40. The sale was disclosed in a filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which can be accessed through this link. Ann Mather also recently made the following trade(s): On Wednesday, February 1st, Ann Mather sold 22 shares of Alphabet stock. The stock was sold at an average price of $804.25, for a total value of $17,693.50. On Wednesday, January 4th, Ann Mather sold 44 shares of Alphabet stock. The stock was sold at an average price of $792.27, for a total value of $34,859.88. Shares of Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOG) traded down 0.16% during mid-day trading on Monday, reaching $827.78. The company’s stock had a trading volume of 1,108,730 shares. Alphabet Inc has a 52 week low of $663.28 and a 52 week high of $841.95. The stock has a market capitalization of $572.34 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 29.69 and a beta of 0.94. The company’s 50-day moving average is $816.93 and its 200-day moving average is $788.22. Alphabet (NASDAQ:GOOG) last released its quarterly earnings results on Thursday, January 26th. The company reported $9.36 EPS for the quarter, missing analysts’ consensus estimates of $9.67 by $0.31. The firm had revenue of $26.04 billion for the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $25.18 billion. Alphabet had a return on equity of 14.85% and a net margin of 21.58%. The firm’s revenue for the quarter was up 22.2% on a year-over-year basis. During the same quarter last year, the company earned $8.67 earnings per share. Equities analysts predict that Alphabet Inc will post $33.33 EPS for the current year. This report was posted by Web Breaking News and is the sole property of of Web Breaking News. If you are accessing this report on another domain, it was stolen and reposted in violation of United States & international copyright law. The legal version of this report can be accessed at http://www.webbreakingnews.com/2017/03/06/alphabet-inc-goog-director-ann-mather-sells-22-shares-of-stock.html. Several analysts recently issued reports on the company. BMO Capital Markets reiterated an “outperform” rating and set a $1,005.00 target price on shares of Alphabet in a research report on Friday. Canaccord Genuity reiterated a “buy” rating and set a $925.00 target price on shares of Alphabet in a research report on Wednesday, December 21st. MKM Partners reiterated a “buy” rating and set a $1,000.00 target price (up previously from $935.00) on shares of Alphabet in a research report on Thursday, February 2nd. RBC Capital Markets set a $880.00 target price on Alphabet and gave the stock a “buy” rating in a research report on Tuesday, December 20th. Finally, JPMorgan Chase & Co. reiterated a “buy” rating on shares of Alphabet in a research report on Friday, January 27th. One analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, two have issued a hold rating and forty-two have issued a buy rating to the stock. The stock has an average rating of “Buy” and a consensus price target of $959.58. Several hedge funds have recently made changes to their positions in GOOG. Norges Bank bought a new stake in shares of Alphabet during the fourth quarter valued at about $2,128,163,000. Magellan Asset Management Ltd boosted its stake in shares of Alphabet by 186.5% in the second quarter. Magellan Asset Management Ltd now owns 1,435,391 shares of the company’s stock valued at $993,434,000 after buying an additional 934,412 shares during the last quarter. Russell Investments Group Ltd. bought a new stake in shares of Alphabet during the fourth quarter valued at about $612,676,000. Asset Management One Co. Ltd. boosted its stake in shares of Alphabet by 696.2% in the fourth quarter. Asset Management One Co. Ltd. now owns 562,109 shares of the company’s stock valued at $434,371,000 after buying an additional 491,509 shares during the last quarter. Finally, Putnam Investments LLC boosted its stake in shares of Alphabet by 50.3% in the fourth quarter. Putnam Investments LLC now owns 1,094,771 shares of the company’s stock valued at $844,967,000 after buying an additional 366,456 shares during the last quarter. Institutional investors and hedge funds own 34.74% of the company’s stock. About Alphabet Alphabet Inc is a holding company. The Company’s businesses include Google Inc (Google) and its Internet products, such as Access, Calico, CapitalG, GV, Nest, Verily, Waymo and X. The Company’s segments include Google and Other Bets. The Google segment includes its Internet products, such as Search, Ads, Commerce, Maps, YouTube, Google Cloud, Android, Chrome and Google Play, as well as its hardware initiatives. Receive News & Ratings for Alphabet Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Alphabet Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter. « Previous KeyCorp (KEY) Upgraded by Evercore ISI to Outperform Next » Commerce Bancshares, Inc. (CBSH) Insider Jeffery D. Aberdeen Sells 311 Shares Latest News Nike Suspends Relationship with Maria Sharapova Rob Bironas Ex-Titans Kicker Dies in Car Crash Ron Washington Leaves Texas Rangers Due to an Affair Jonathan Dwyer Falls in Line with Other Banned NFL Players Tony Stewart Case Going to the Grand Jury Oscar Pistorius “Blade Runner” Found Not Guilty of Murder Leave a Reply Click here to cancel reply. Name (Required) Mail (will not be published) (Required) Website   Home Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Headlines Investing © 2006-2017 Web Breaking News.
24/7 Wall St. - Insightful Analysis and Commentary for U.S. and Global Equity Investors Search this site Business Aerospace & Defense Autos Banking & Finance Commodities & Metals Consumer Products Energy Healthcare Industrials Infrastructure Media Retail Services Technology Apps & Software Consumer Electronics Telecom & Wireless Apple Inc. Facebook Google Investing Analyst Upgrades Bankruptcy Buffett Corporate Governance Corporate Performance Dividends and Buybacks Earnings ETFs and Mutual Funds International Markets IPOs and Secondaries Mergers and Acquisitions Personal Finance Rumors Value Investing Economy Energy Government Regulation Healthcare Housing Jobs Special Report Brands and Products Cities Countries States The Bull Market Turns 8 Years Old: Shocking News Headlines Then Versus Now By Jon C. Ogg March 6, 2017 4:04 pm EST Print Email Tweet 2017 may feel like it has been a year of surprises. The reality is that 2017 is just a continuation of yet another year of surprises. What is amazing now is that the current bull market is now turning 8 years old. 24/7 Wall St. has decided to feature a then versus now, and it is important to recall that the attitude of the investing public is truly night and day. Stocks have now hit all-time highs in 2017 in the Dow Jones Industrial Average, the S&P 500 Index, and even in the NASDAQ. Investors have bought after every single sell-off for over 5 years now, and those same investors are also looking for new ideas and overlooked opportunities. The S&P 500 Index bottomed at 666.79 on March 6, 2009. That was at 2,376.75 on last look, up a whopping 256%. The Dow Jones Industrial Average hit a low of 6,469.95 on March 6, 2009. After having hit 21,000  The Dow was last trading at 20,972 for a gain of 224%. The NASDAQ hit a low of 1,265.52 on March 9, 2009, one trading day after the S&P and the Dow hit their lows. At about 5,850 on last look, that is a gain of 362%. The 10-year Treasury yield on March 6, 2009 was at a low of 2.77% — yet that yield is 2.50% some 8 years later. CNN’s closing bell title on March 6, 2009: Dow fights back… The blue-chip indicator musters a gain after hitting a 12-year low on the weak jobs report and bank woes. Now think about something for March 6, 2009 — The BLS reported on that day that employers had cut a whopping 651,000 jobs from their payrolls in February of 2009. This coming jobs report is calling for close to a gain of 200,000. It was also on March 6, 2008 that the BLS reported that unemployment rose to 8.1% from 7.6% the prior month — versus less than 5% now. Also noted back on March 6, 2009: GM’s survival was in doubt. Citigroup shares broke the $1.00 mark. GE shares hit $6.66 — they are $30 now. Split-adjusted: Apple shares were at $12.9 on March 6, 2009 and were $11.87 the next day, versus $139 today. Boeing shares dipped under $30 on March 6 and 9 (2009) — versus $180 now. The Dow was down over 6% for the week, and was down almost 25% year-to-date. The Dow was down 53% versus its all-time high on October 9, 2007. Wells Fargo slashed its quarterly dividend by 85% to $0.05 from $0.34) to save $5 billion per year. General Electric was just starting to bounce back from 18-year lows hit earlier in the week. NYMEX crude was $45.52 per barrel on March 6, 2009– versus $53.25 in 2017. COMEX gold was at $942.70 per ounce on March 6, 2009 — versus $1,227 in 2017. Here are just some of the 24/7 Wall St. headlines grabbed around business coverage going into March of 2009 and in the days following the v-bottom: AIG’s Plan To Bleed The Government Dry Blackstone: 45% of the world’s wealth has been destroyed. JPMorgan Chase All But Murders Its Dividend When Stockpiling Gold Becomes Hoarding Gold A Call for $3,000 Gold United Technologies (UTX)  will cut 11,600 jobs. RBS Loses $34 Billion: Banks Still Have Capacity To Surprise Berkshire’s Annual Letter: Pain Yesterday, More Pain Tomorrow Banker: “Take This TARP and Shove It” (NYT) Some banks want to return government aid because of attached strings Citigroup Shares Off 40% After Government Deal Saving Private Ryan: Sending The Financial World To Save Eastern Europe YouTube Passes 100 Billion Views A Month And No One Cares A Solution For Troubled Newspapers And Magazines: Internet-Only Products Roubini, From Doom To Less-Doom The AIG “Save Us Or We Will Destroy You” Card Jim Cramer Picks DJIA 5,320 As Absolute DJIA Bottom Sirius XM Holders Get To Live Longer Should The Market Ever Go Up 7% In A Day? (March 11) Freddie Mac Burns Another $23.9 Billion Ten Stocks That Should Double (GE, GCI, AAPL, YHOO, MSFT, COP, XOM, CVX, BP, CBS, SONC, M, C) (March 17) Meredith Whitney’s Replacement at Oppenheimer Far Less Negative on Banks (March 17) FOMC Massively Gooses Government Balance Sheet I'm interested in the Newsletter Get Newsletter terms and conditions   By Jon C. Ogg « Rite Aid, Frontier Communications Tumble into Monday’s 52-Week Low Club The Happiest (and Most Miserable) Cities in America » Read more: Investing, Dow Jones Industrial Average, Value Investing Free Daily Newsletter Subscribe Terms & Conditions Sponsors Popular The Largest Employer in Every State The 25 Healthiest Cities in America The Most Iconic Job in Every State The Richest Town in Every State 50 Worst Cities to Live In Recent The Happiest (and Most Miserable) Cities in America The Bull Market Turns 8 Years Old: Shocking News Headlines Then Versus Now Rite Aid, Frontier Communications Tumble into Monday’s 52-Week Low Club JPMorgan, Intel Sink DJIA on Monday Get Quote for: Symbol Lookup Search Douglas Dynamics Overcomes a Weak Winter Apple Stock Nears $140: Still a Buy? 4 New Must-Read Quotes From Tesla, Inc. CEO Elon Musk Germany's DAX opens 0.1% higher at 11,964.99 France's CAC 40 opens 0.1% lower at 4,968.75 U.K.'s FTSE 100 opens 0.1% higher at 7,359.58 Why Is Honda Motor (HMC) Up 3.1% Since the Last Earnings Report? Why Is Merck (MRK) Up 3.7% Since the Last Earnings Report? Why Is Nokia (NOK) Up 9.5% Since the Last Earnings Report? Snap slumps 12 percent, closes at lowest since IPO Asian stocks climb, oil down amid U.S. supply glut concerns VW CEO sees no immediate trouble from PSA-Opel deal Australia's Economy Avoids Recession European Stocks Slip For 4th Straight Day China Shares Edge Up on Tech Gains Republicans Just Made It Easier For Companies To Exploit Workers Donald Trump Will Decide Whether You Get Overtime Pay White House Lifts Several Sentences From Exxon Mobil Press Release Home About Us Disclaimer and Terms of Use Privacy Policy Contact Us Advertise AOL-HuffPost Money & Finance ©2017 24/7 Wall St. | Powered by WordPress.com VIP Post to Cancel
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance La Jolla Pharmaceutical Company - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for La Jolla Pharmaceutical Company with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News IBERIABANK Corp (IBKC) to Post Q1 2017 Earnings of $0.99 Per Share, SunTrust Banks Forecasts KCAP Financial Inc (KCAP) Set to Announce Earnings on Wednesday DCT Industrial Trust Inc (DCT) Given Consensus Rating of “Hold” by Brokerages Boston Properties, Inc. (BXP) Receives $139.53 Average PT from Brokerages BioCryst Pharmaceuticals (BCRX) – Analysts’ Recent Ratings Updates Paddy Power Betfair Plc’s (PPB) Buy Rating Reiterated at Peel Hunt Mitie Group PLC (MTO) Downgraded to Underperform at Jefferies Group LLC Liquor Stores N.A. Ltd (LIQ) Price Target Cut to C$11.00 Noranda Income Fund (NIF.UN) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by TD Securities Q1 2017 Earnings Forecast for Intra-Cellular Therapies Inc Issued By Leerink Swann (ITCI) Hill International, Inc. (HIL) to Release Earnings on Wednesday GSV Capital Corp (GSVC) to Release Quarterly Earnings on Wednesday Granite Construction Inc. (GVA) Given Consensus Rating of “Buy” by Brokerages Zpg Plc’s (ZPG) Outperform Rating Reaffirmed at Credit Suisse Group AG URU Metals Ltd (URU) Given Corporate Rating at Northland Securities Hanover Insurance Group Inc (THG) To Go Ex-Dividend on March 8th Taylor Wimpey plc (TW) Price Target Raised to GBX 249 at Deutsche Bank AG Tui AG’s (TUI) “Underperform” Rating Reiterated at Credit Suisse Group AG FutureFuel Corp. (FF) Scheduled to Post Quarterly Earnings on Wednesday BBA Aviation plc (BBA) Earns Overweight Rating from JPMorgan Chase & Co. La Jolla Pharmaceutical Company (LJPC) Stake Held by Tang Capital Partners LP March 6th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Patrick Bannon Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Tang Capital Partners LP recently disclosed that they own 18.2% of La Jolla Pharmaceutical Company (NASDAQ:LJPC) in a Form 13D/A disclosure that was filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on Monday, March 6th. The investor owns 3,326,165 shares of the stock valued at approximately $110,195,846. The reporting parties listed on the disclosure included Tang Capital Partners, LP, Tang Capital Management, LLC and Kevin C Tang. The disclosure is available through Edgar at this hyperlink. A number of other institutional investors have also recently bought and sold shares of the stock. Baker BROS. Advisors LP purchased a new position in La Jolla Pharmaceutical Company during the third quarter valued at approximately $327,000. City Financial Investment Co Ltd purchased a new position in La Jolla Pharmaceutical Company during the fourth quarter valued at approximately $494,000. Tocqueville Asset Management L.P. increased its position in La Jolla Pharmaceutical Company by 4.1% in the third quarter. Tocqueville Asset Management L.P. now owns 37,900 shares of the biopharmaceutical company’s stock valued at $902,000 after buying an additional 1,500 shares in the last quarter. State Street Corp increased its position in La Jolla Pharmaceutical Company by 6.3% in the fourth quarter. State Street Corp now owns 227,561 shares of the biopharmaceutical company’s stock valued at $3,992,000 after buying an additional 13,495 shares in the last quarter. Finally, Jennison Associates LLC increased its position in La Jolla Pharmaceutical Company by 2.1% in the third quarter. Jennison Associates LLC now owns 257,709 shares of the biopharmaceutical company’s stock valued at $6,131,000 after buying an additional 5,272 shares in the last quarter. Hedge funds and other institutional investors own 88.16% of the company’s stock. Shares of La Jolla Pharmaceutical Company (NASDAQ:LJPC) traded down 4.05% during trading on Monday, hitting $33.13. The stock had a trading volume of 632,477 shares. The firm has a 50-day moving average price of $21.70 and a 200 day moving average price of $20.19. The company’s market capitalization is $604.99 million. La Jolla Pharmaceutical Company has a 52 week low of $14.24 and a 52 week high of $37.67. La Jolla Pharmaceutical Company (NASDAQ:LJPC) last posted its earnings results on Thursday, February 23rd. The biopharmaceutical company reported ($1.44) EPS for the quarter, missing the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of ($1.20) by $0.24. La Jolla Pharmaceutical Company had a negative return on equity of 66.51% and a negative net margin of 6,921.47%. Equities analysts anticipate that La Jolla Pharmaceutical Company will post ($3.90) earnings per share for the current year. “La Jolla Pharmaceutical Company (LJPC) Stake Held by Tang Capital Partners LP” was originally published by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are accessing this piece of content on another publication, it was illegally copied and reposted in violation of U.S. and international trademark and copyright legislation. The original version of this piece of content can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/03/06/la-jolla-pharmaceutical-company-ljpc-stake-held-by-tang-capital-partners-lp.html. LJPC has been the subject of several research reports. Chardan Capital increased their target price on La Jolla Pharmaceutical Company from $80.00 to $90.00 and gave the company a “buy” rating in a research report on Thursday. JPMorgan Chase & Co. reiterated a “buy” rating and issued a $40.00 target price (up from $27.00) on shares of La Jolla Pharmaceutical Company in a research report on Tuesday, February 28th. SunTrust Banks, Inc. reiterated a “buy” rating and issued a $57.00 target price (up from $38.00) on shares of La Jolla Pharmaceutical Company in a research report on Monday, February 27th. Jefferies Group LLC restated a “buy” rating and set a $27.00 price objective on shares of La Jolla Pharmaceutical Company in a research report on Monday, January 23rd. Finally, Zacks Investment Research upgraded La Jolla Pharmaceutical Company from a “sell” rating to a “hold” rating in a research report on Tuesday, January 17th. One analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating and six have given a buy rating to the stock. La Jolla Pharmaceutical Company currently has a consensus rating of “Buy” and a consensus price target of $45.00. La Jolla Pharmaceutical Company Company Profile La Jolla Pharmaceutical Company is a biopharmaceutical company. The Company is focused on the discovery, development and commercialization of therapies to improve outcomes in patients suffering from life-threatening diseases. It is engaged in the research, development and commercialization of its technologies and drug candidates for pharmaceutical products. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding LJPC? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for La Jolla Pharmaceutical Company (NASDAQ:LJPC). Receive News & Ratings for La Jolla Pharmaceutical Company Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for La Jolla Pharmaceutical Company and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News New Travel Ban by President Trump Could be Announced Monday Hackers Accessed Private Email of Mike Pence While He Was Governor President Trump’s First Address Optimistic Trump Asking for Steep Increases in Spending for Military President Trump Wants the Largest Nuclear Arsenal © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Skip to content MilTech pr@satprnews.com Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 6 March 2017 by Military News John Bean Technologies Corporation Announces Public Offering of 2,000,000 Shares of Common Stock CHICAGO, March 6, 2017 /PRNewswire/ — JBT Corporation (NYSE: JBT), (the „Company”), a global technology solutions provider to high-value segments of the food and beverage industry, announced today that it has commenced an underwritten public offering of 2,000,000 shares of the Company’s common stock, par value $0.01 per share (the „Common Stock”).  In addition, the Company intends to grant the underwriters a 30-day option to purchase up to an additional 300,000 shares of Common Stock sold in the offering at the public offering price, less underwriting commissions.  The Company intends to use the net proceeds it receives from the offering to repay a portion of the Company’s outstanding borrowings under its revolving credit facility and for general corporate purposes. BofA Merrill Lynch, J.P. Morgan and Wells Fargo Securities are acting as joint bookrunners and representatives of the underwriters for the offering. Baird, BMO Capital Markets and William Blair are also acting as bookrunners for the offering.  This offering is being made by means of a prospectus supplement and accompanying base prospectus, copies of which may be obtained free by visiting EDGAR on the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) website at www.sec.gov. The prospectus supplement and base prospectus may also be obtained by sending a request to:  BofA Merrill Lynch, 200 North College Street, 3rd floor, Charlotte, NC  28255-0001, Attention: Prospectus Department; J.P. Morgan Securities LLC, 1155 Long Island Avenue, Edgewood, NY 11717, Attention:  Broadridge Financial Solutions; or Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, 375 Park Avenue, New York, NY 10152, Attention:  Equity Syndicate Department. This offering is being made pursuant to an effective shelf registration statement filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on January 9, 2017. This press release shall not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy the Company’s Common Stock or any other securities, and there shall not be any offer, solicitation or sale of securities mentioned in this press release in any state or jurisdiction in which such offer, solicitation or sale would be unlawful prior to registration or qualification under the securities laws of such any state or jurisdiction. JBT Corporation (NYSE: JBT) is a leading global technology solutions provider to high-value segments of the food & beverage industry with focus on proteins, liquid foods, and automated system solutions. JBT designs, produces and services sophisticated products and systems for multinational and regional customers through its FoodTech segment. JBT also sells critical equipment and services to domestic and international air transportation customers through its AeroTech segment. JBT Corporation employs approximately 5,000 people worldwide and operates sales, service, manufacturing and sourcing operations in more than 25 countries. This release contains forward-looking statements as defined in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking statements are information of a non-historical nature and include statements regarding the completion, timing, size and use of proceeds of the proposed public offering that involve risks and uncertainties, including, without limitation, risks and uncertainties related to market conditions and the satisfaction of closing conditions related to the proposed public offering.  These forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that are beyond the Company’s ability to control.  For a further description of the risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ from those expressed in these forward-looking statements, as well as risks relating to the Company’s business in general, please refer to the Company’s preliminary prospectus supplement filed with the SEC on March 6, 2017, including the documents incorporated by reference therein, which includes its Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC on February 28, 2017. The Company cautions shareholders and prospective investors that actual results may differ materially from those indicated by the forward-looking statements.   SOURCE JBT Corporation CategoriesUncategorized Tagsattention, base, Business, commission, Companies, company, Food and Beverage, general, Industry, Markets, private, service, Stock Offering, Technology Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Epitaxy Deposition Market Research Report 2017 – Industry Analysis, Advancement of Types, Technology and Forecasts by 2021 Next PostNext Global UVC LED Market 2017 – Outlook Trends, Growth Factors, Top Manufacturers, Research Methodology and Forecasts by 2021 Search Recent Posts Atradius annonce des Résultats en hausse de 19 % en 2016 Jaarresultaat Atradius 2016: stijging van 19 procent Atradius steigert das Jahresergebnis für 2016 um 19 Prozent Atradius: utile netto in crescita del 19% nel 2016 Talentoday, startup en technologie Ressources Humaines (RH), a réalisé une levée de fonds « Série A » de 3.49 millions de dollars Proudly powered by WordPress
Home About/Contact US Privacy Policy Staff Daily Email Updates Headlines Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Investing Southwest Airlines Co - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Southwest Airlines Co with our FREE daily email newsletter: Recent Posts Canadian Apartment Properties REIT (CAR.UN) Price Target Raised to C$36.00 Bank of Montreal (BMO) Price Target Raised to C$110.00 CIBC Boosts Avigilon Corp (AVO) Price Target to C$18.00 Investment Analysts’ Recent Ratings Updates for Pure Storage (PSTG) Enzymotec Ltd (ENZY) Receives Consensus Rating of “Hold” from Brokerages Daimler AG (DDAIF) Given $74.94 Average Target Price by Analysts Zacks: Analysts Set $1.50 Price Target for UQM Technologies Inc (UQM) Tucows Inc. (TCX) Receives Average Rating of “Hold” from Brokerages Zacks: Arotech Co. (ARTX) Given $4.50 Consensus Target Price by Analysts Bernard D. Berman Purchases 15,000 Shares of Fifth Street Finance Corp. (FSC) Stock Thomas L. Carter, Jr. Purchases 14,000 Shares of Black Stone Minerals LP (BSM) Stock Cotiviti Holdings Inc (COTV) Now Covered by Raymond James Financial, Inc. Canadian Western Bank (CWB) Stock Rating Upgraded by CIBC Cipher Pharmaceuticals Inc (CPH) Rating Reiterated by TD Securities Senior plc (SNR) Given “Neutral” Rating at JPMorgan Chase & Co. Barratt Developments Plc (BDEV) Receives Sell Rating from Liberum Capital WesBanco Inc (WSBC) to Issue Quarterly Dividend of $0.26 on April 1st Research Frontiers, Inc. (REFR) Set to Announce Earnings on Wednesday 3D Systems Co. (DDD) Expected to Earn Q1 2017 Earnings of $0.08 Per Share Goldman Sachs Group Inc Initiates Coverage on Infosys Ltd (INFY) Southwest Airlines Co (LUV) Receives “Outperform” Rating from Sanford C. Bernstein Posted by Abby Graham on Mar 6th, 2017 // No Comments Tweet Sanford C. Bernstein restated their outperform rating on shares of Southwest Airlines Co (NYSE:LUV) in a research note released on Friday morning. Sanford C. Bernstein currently has a $50.00 price objective on the airline’s stock. Other research analysts have also recently issued research reports about the stock. Vetr upgraded shares of Southwest Airlines from a hold rating to a buy rating and set a $52.66 price objective for the company in a report on Monday, December 26th. Citigroup Inc initiated coverage on shares of Southwest Airlines in a report on Friday, November 18th. They issued a buy rating and a $57.00 price objective for the company. Zacks Investment Research upgraded shares of Southwest Airlines from a hold rating to a buy rating and set a $57.00 price objective for the company in a report on Tuesday, January 17th. Morgan Stanley reiterated an equal weight rating on shares of Southwest Airlines in a report on Friday, December 16th. Finally, Barclays PLC initiated coverage on shares of Southwest Airlines in a report on Thursday, December 15th. They set an equal weight rating and a $65.00 price target for the company. Five equities research analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and thirteen have given a buy rating to the company’s stock. The company has an average rating of Buy and a consensus target price of $54.25. Southwest Airlines (NYSE:LUV) traded down 1.996% on Friday, hitting $57.685. 5,089,147 shares of the company’s stock were exchanged. The company’s 50-day moving average price is $54.27 and its 200-day moving average price is $45.66. Southwest Airlines has a 12-month low of $35.42 and a 12-month high of $59.68. The company has a market cap of $35.49 billion, a PE ratio of 16.258 and a beta of 0.88. Southwest Airlines (NYSE:LUV) last announced its quarterly earnings results on Thursday, January 26th. The airline reported $0.75 earnings per share for the quarter, beating analysts’ consensus estimates of $0.70 by $0.05. Southwest Airlines had a net margin of 10.97% and a return on equity of 29.79%. The business earned $5.10 billion during the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $5.03 billion. During the same period last year, the business earned $0.90 earnings per share. The business’s revenue for the quarter was up 2.0% on a year-over-year basis. Analysts forecast that Southwest Airlines will post $3.88 earnings per share for the current year. “Southwest Airlines Co (LUV) Receives “Outperform” Rating from Sanford C. Bernstein” was reported by Web Breaking News and is the property of of Web Breaking News. If you are reading this piece of content on another site, it was illegally stolen and reposted in violation of international trademark & copyright law. The original version of this piece of content can be read at http://www.webbreakingnews.com/2017/03/06/southwest-airlines-co-luv-receives-outperform-rating-from-sanford-c-bernstein.html. The firm also recently declared a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Thursday, March 30th. Investors of record on Thursday, March 9th will be given a $0.10 dividend. The ex-dividend date is Tuesday, March 7th. This represents a $0.40 annualized dividend and a yield of 0.68%. Southwest Airlines’s dividend payout ratio (DPR) is 11.33%. In related news, CFO Tammy Romo sold 9,655 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction on Monday, January 30th. The shares were sold at an average price of $51.79, for a total value of $500,032.45. Following the completion of the sale, the chief financial officer now owns 77,937 shares in the company, valued at approximately $4,036,357.23. The transaction was disclosed in a legal filing with the SEC, which can be accessed through the SEC website. Also, Director John T. Montford sold 510 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction on Thursday, December 15th. The shares were sold at an average price of $50.93, for a total transaction of $25,974.30. Following the completion of the sale, the director now owns 23,715 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $1,207,804.95. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. In the last quarter, insiders sold 82,791 shares of company stock valued at $4,720,294. 0.18% of the stock is owned by insiders. A number of hedge funds have recently added to or reduced their stakes in the stock. JPMorgan Chase & Co. increased its stake in Southwest Airlines by 73.0% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 9,420,861 shares of the airline’s stock valued at $366,379,000 after buying an additional 3,975,382 shares during the period. AQR Capital Management LLC increased its position in shares of Southwest Airlines by 53.3% in the second quarter. AQR Capital Management LLC now owns 5,238,342 shares of the airline’s stock worth $205,395,000 after buying an additional 1,821,829 shares during the last quarter. Putnam Investments LLC increased its position in shares of Southwest Airlines by 180.6% in the fourth quarter. Putnam Investments LLC now owns 2,739,400 shares of the airline’s stock worth $136,532,000 after buying an additional 1,763,174 shares during the last quarter. Norges Bank purchased a new position in shares of Southwest Airlines during the fourth quarter worth approximately $74,588,000. Finally, Russell Investments Group Ltd. purchased a new position in shares of Southwest Airlines during the fourth quarter worth approximately $47,448,000. Hedge funds and other institutional investors own 76.70% of the company’s stock. Southwest Airlines Company Profile Southwest Airlines Co (Southwest) operates Southwest Airlines, a passenger airline that provides scheduled air transportation in the United States and near-international markets. The Company provides point-to-point service. The Company offers ancillary service offerings, such as Southwest’s EarlyBird Check-In and transportation of pets and unaccompanied minors, in accordance with Southwest’s respective policies. Receive News & Ratings for Southwest Airlines Co Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Southwest Airlines Co and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter. « Previous Cheniere Energy Partners LP Holdings LLC (CQH) Upgraded to “Hold” by Zacks Investment Research Next » Approach Resources Inc. (AREX) Lowered to Hold at Zacks Investment Research Latest News Nike Suspends Relationship with Maria Sharapova Rob Bironas Ex-Titans Kicker Dies in Car Crash Ron Washington Leaves Texas Rangers Due to an Affair Jonathan Dwyer Falls in Line with Other Banned NFL Players Tony Stewart Case Going to the Grand Jury Oscar Pistorius “Blade Runner” Found Not Guilty of Murder Leave a Reply Click here to cancel reply. Name (Required) Mail (will not be published) (Required) Website   Home Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Headlines Investing © 2006-2017 Web Breaking News.
Home About/Contact US Privacy Policy Staff Daily Email Updates Headlines Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Investing Halcon Resources Co. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Halcon Resources Co. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Recent Posts Merlin Entertainments PLC (MERL) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Panmure Gordon PureCircle Limited (PURE) Earns “Buy” Rating from Liberum Capital PPHE Hotel Group Ltd (PPH) Earns “Corporate” Rating from FinnCap Canaccord Genuity Boosts Kinaxis Inc (KXS) Price Target to C$80.00 Wal-Mart Stores Inc (WMT) to Issue Quarterly Dividend of $0.51 on April 3rd Strad Energy Services Ltd (SDY) Earns Strong-Buy Rating from Raymond James Financial, Inc. PrairieSky Royalty Ltd (PSK) PT Lowered to C$35.00 at GMP Securities Barclays PLC Boosts National Bank of Canada (NA) Price Target to C$59.00 Scotiabank Raises Lydian International Ltd. (LYD) Price Target to C$0.95 Novadaq Technologies Inc. (NDQ) Given New C$16.00 Price Target at Royal Bank of Canada Hallmark Financial Services, Inc. (HALL) Set to Announce Quarterly Earnings on Wednesday Transcontinental Realty Investors Inc (TCI) Given Consensus Recommendation of “Hold” by Brokerages Cloud Peak Energy Inc. (CLD) Coverage Initiated at Jefferies Group LLC Kroger Co (KR) PT Lowered to $34.00 Atlantic Securities Downgrades Snap Inc (SNAP) to Underweight Laureate Education Inc (LAUR) Now Covered by Citigroup Inc Virgin Money Holdings PLC’s (VM) Overweight Rating Reaffirmed at Barclays PLC Liberum Capital Reiterates Buy Rating for Utilitywise PLC (UTW) Unilever plc (ULVR) PT Set at GBX 4,300 by Berenberg Bank VF Corp (VFC) to Issue Quarterly Dividend of $0.42 on March 20th Halcon Resources’ (HK) Sell Rating Reaffirmed at Barclays PLC Posted by Jacob Kohn on Mar 6th, 2017 // No Comments Tweet Barclays PLC reiterated their sell rating on shares of Halcon Resources Co. (NYSE:HK) in a research report released on Friday morning. They currently have a $9.00 price objective on the energy company’s stock. A number of other analysts have also recently weighed in on HK. Zacks Investment Research cut Halcon Resources from a buy rating to a hold rating in a research report on Wednesday, November 16th. Stephens upgraded Halcon Resources from an equal weight rating to an overweight rating and set a $12.00 price target on the stock in a research report on Wednesday, January 25th. Johnson Rice upgraded Halcon Resources from a hold rating to an accumulate rating in a research report on Wednesday, March 1st. Scotiabank set a $15.00 price target on Halcon Resources and gave the company a buy rating in a research report on Thursday. Finally, Capital One Financial Corp. upgraded Halcon Resources from an equal weight rating to an overweight rating in a research report on Wednesday, January 25th. Two equities research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, two have issued a hold rating and six have assigned a buy rating to the company. The stock currently has an average rating of Hold and a consensus target price of $9.79. Shares of Halcon Resources (NYSE:HK) traded down 0.52% during midday trading on Friday, hitting $7.71. 677,039 shares of the company were exchanged. The firm’s market cap is $703.54 million. The company’s 50 day moving average price is $8.83 and its 200 day moving average price is $9.48. Halcon Resources has a one year low of $7.47 and a one year high of $50.93. This article was posted by Web Breaking News and is owned by of Web Breaking News. If you are reading this article on another website, it was illegally stolen and reposted in violation of U.S. & international copyright & trademark laws. The correct version of this article can be read at http://www.webbreakingnews.com/2017/03/06/halcon-resources-hk-sell-rating-reaffirmed-at-barclays-plc.html. In other news, EVP Jon C. Wright sold 10,000 shares of the stock in a transaction on Thursday, December 15th. The stock was sold at an average price of $8.60, for a total transaction of $86,000.00. Following the sale, the executive vice president now owns 193,857 shares in the company, valued at $1,667,170.20. The sale was disclosed in a document filed with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is available through the SEC website. 22.00% of the stock is currently owned by corporate insiders. Hedge funds have recently made changes to their positions in the company. Royal Bank of Canada boosted its stake in shares of Halcon Resources by 0.3% in the second quarter. Royal Bank of Canada now owns 324,683 shares of the energy company’s stock valued at $151,000 after buying an additional 1,043 shares during the last quarter. Wells Fargo & Company MN boosted its stake in shares of Halcon Resources by 576.8% in the third quarter. Wells Fargo & Company MN now owns 396,774 shares of the energy company’s stock valued at $3,721,000 after buying an additional 338,147 shares during the last quarter. State of Wisconsin Investment Board acquired a new stake in shares of Halcon Resources during the third quarter valued at approximately $267,000. Alleghany Corp DE acquired a new stake in shares of Halcon Resources during the third quarter valued at approximately $325,000. Finally, JPMorgan Chase & Co. boosted its stake in shares of Halcon Resources by 20,288.3% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 4,961,293 shares of the energy company’s stock valued at $46,536,000 after buying an additional 4,936,959 shares during the last quarter. Institutional investors own 84.82% of the company’s stock. About Halcon Resources Halcon Resources Corporation is an independent energy company focused on the acquisition, production, exploration and development of onshore liquids-rich oil and natural gas assets in the United States. The Company’s estimated total proved oil and natural gas reserves are approximately 146.8 million barrels of oil equivalent (MMBoe), consisting of over 120.7 million barrels of oil (MMBbls), approximately 13.0 MMBbls of natural gas liquids and over 78.4 billion cubic feet (Bcf) of natural gas. Receive News & Ratings for Halcon Resources Co. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Halcon Resources Co. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter. « Previous Approach Resources Inc. (AREX) Lowered to Hold at Zacks Investment Research Next » Commscope Holding Company Inc (COMM) Director Timothy T. Yates Acquires 2,000 Shares Latest News Nike Suspends Relationship with Maria Sharapova Rob Bironas Ex-Titans Kicker Dies in Car Crash Ron Washington Leaves Texas Rangers Due to an Affair Jonathan Dwyer Falls in Line with Other Banned NFL Players Tony Stewart Case Going to the Grand Jury Oscar Pistorius “Blade Runner” Found Not Guilty of Murder Leave a Reply Click here to cancel reply. Name (Required) Mail (will not be published) (Required) Website   Home Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Headlines Investing © 2006-2017 Web Breaking News.
Jump to navigation Listen Live News Talk Sports Traffic  WEATHER ALERT: Blowing snow advisory in central Sask. including Saskatoon. // READ MORE Losses for banks pull US stocks further from record highs Previous Article Share Twitter Facebook Google+ Reddit Forward  Next Article By The Canadian Press March 6, 2017 - 4:06pm NEW YORK — U.S. stocks finished lower Monday for the second time in the last three trading days. Banks gave back some of their recent gains after a jump in interest rates last week sent them sharply higher. Mining and chemical companies declined after China cut its economic growth forecast, and airlines slumped after a Delta said its business isn't improving as fast as it hoped. There were few winners to be found on Wall Street as more than two-thirds of the stocks on the New York Stock Exchange fell. That included consistent losses for banks, investment firms and insurance companies. The Standard & Poor's 500 index fell 7.81 points, or 0.3 per cent, to 2,375.31. The Dow Jones industrial average lost 51.37 points, or 0.2 per cent, to 20,954.34. The Nasdaq composite lost 21.58 points, or 0.4 per cent, to 5,849.17. The Russell 2000 index of smaller-company stocks sank 9.88 points, or 0.7 per cent, to 1,384.25. All four indexes reached all-time highs last week, and the S&P 500 and Nasdaq have risen for six weeks in a row. That's on top of a big surge in November and December. Those rapid gains the last few months have prompted some analysts to turn cautious. "We think there's a reasonable chance at the end of the year we'll be a little bit lower than we are right now," said Scott Wren, senior global equity strategist at Wells Fargo Investment Institute. Over the weekend Premier Li Keqiang, China's top economic official, trimmed the country's growth target to 6.5 per cent. The Chinese economy is the second-largest in the world, and the prospect of slower growth there hurt mining, packaging and chemical companies and sent the price of copper lower. But investors weren't nearly as alarmed about the latest signs of slowing growth in China as they were in the past. Stocks plunged in early 2016 as investors worried the Chinese economy might weaken in a hurry and drag the global economy down with it. Wren said Wall Street now thinks growth in China will slow down gradually. "The market's pretty comfortable with this controlled slowdown," he said. "A lot of that sell-off was due to the fear that Chinese growth was ... basically going to collapse," he said. Delta Air Lines gave a disappointing revenue projection for the second quarter and its stock lost $1.28, or 2.6 per cent, to $48.85. United and American Airlines each fell 3 per cent. Poultry companies slumped after 70,000 chickens were killed at a Tennessee farm after a bird flu outbreak was discovered there. The affected farm is a supplier to Tyson Foods, and while Tyson said it doesn't expect its business to suffer, the new brought back bad memories for investors: in 2015, U.S. poultry producers lost 48 million birds to a different strain of the virus. Tyson stock gave up $1.61, or 2.5 per cent, to $61.99. Sanderson Farms gave up $1.86, or 2 per cent, to $92.53 and Pilgrim's Pride lost 25 cents, or 1.2 per cent, to $20.70. French automaker PSA Group agreed to buy General Motors' European business, which has lost $20 billion since 1999 and hasn't made an annual profit over that span. Investors were glad to see it go, as GM's stock jumped almost 5 per cent when the talks were disclosed last month. PSA makes Peugeot and Citroen cars, and the addition of the Opel and Vauxhall brands will make it the second-largest automaker in Europe. Its stock rose 2.7 per cent. GM's stock dipped 32 cents to $37.91. Bond prices continued to slip. The yield on the 10-year Treasury note rose to 2.49 per cent from 2.48 per cent. Bond yields jumped last week as investors grew more certain the Federal Reserve will raise interest rates this month. Companies that pay big dividends, like real estate investment trusts, fell again. Those stocks are often compared to bonds because of their high yields, and higher bond yields make them less appealing to investors. Benchmark U.S. crude lost 13 cents to $53.20 a barrel in New York. Brent crude, used to price international oils, picked up 11 cents to $56.01 a barrel in London. Natural gas companies rose as futures jumped 2.6 per cent to $2.90 per 1,000 cubic feet. In other energy trading, wholesale gasoline rose 2 cents to $1.67 a gallon and heating oil picked up 1 cent to $1.60 a gallon. Gold fell $1 to $1,225.50 an ounce. Silver rose 3 cents to $17.77 an ounce. Copper lost 4 cents, or 1.7 per cent, to $2.65 a pound. The dollar inched down to 113.92 yen from 114.05 yen. The euro dipped to $1.0588 from $1.0605. In Germany the DAX fell 0.6 per cent. France's CAC 40 slipped 0.5 per cent and the FTSE 100 in Britain shed 0.3 per cent. Japan's Nikkei 225 stock index fell 0.5 per cent and the South Korean Kospi gained 0.1 per cent. Hong Kong's Hang Seng index added 0.2 per cent. ___ AP Markets Writer Marley Jay can be reached at http://twitter.com/MarleyJayAP His work can be found at http://bigstory.ap.org/journalist/marley-jay Marley Jay, The Associated Press ©2017 The Canadian Press Share Twitter Facebook Google+ Reddit Forward Topics:  International Join the Discussion 650 CKOM is happy to provide a forum for commenting and discussion. Please respect and abide by the house rules: Keep it clean, keep it civil, keep it truthful, stay on topic, be responsible, share your knowledge, and please suggest removal of comments that violate these standards. See full commenting rules. View the discussion thread. Listen live News Talk Sports Traffic Weather Search Local Provincial National International All Topics RSS Feeds The Brent Loucks Show 6:00am 8:30am Gormley 8:30am 12:30pm Saskatchewan Afternoon 1:00pm 3:00pm The Green Zone 3:00pm 6:00pm All Shows Schedule Podcasts On Demand Contests Events Adopt A Family Auction Insider The Green Zone Game Day with Wray Prime Time Sports Riders Local Provincial National Traffic Updates Highway Hotline Report a Pothole Latest Traffic Mar 06 Road Work For Monday Mar 03 Road Work For Friday Mar 02 Road Work For Thursday loading weather... © 650 CKOM . All Rights Reserved. Contact  //  Rss  //  Rules  //  ToS  //  Privacy
Skip to content Menu Local News Traffic Lab Crime Local Politics Education Education Lab Eastside Health Data Northwest Times Watchdog Business & Tech Boeing & Aerospace Amazon Microsoft Technology Economy Nation & World Nation & World Politics Oddities Photos of the Day Sports Seahawks Huskies Cougars Mariners Sounders Storm High School Sports Forums On TV/Radio Entertainment Movies Books Music Theater Classical Music Television Comics Games & Puzzles Horoscopes Life Food & Drink Travel & Outdoors Wellness Pets Rant & Rave Pacific NW Magazine Homes & Real Estate Opinion Editorials Letters to the Editor Video Photography Obituaries News Obituaries Paid Obituaries Jobs Shop Autos Log In Subscribe Search Business Local Biz/Tech Sports Entertainment Life Travel Homes Opinion | Jobs Autos Shop Boeing & Aerospace Amazon Microsoft Technology Economy Real Estate All Sections Local Traffic Lab Crime Local Politics Education Education Lab Eastside Northwest Data Health Times Watchdog News Obituaries Photo & Video Nation & World Politics Oddities Photos of the Day Business Boeing Amazon Microsoft Technology Economy Real Estate Sports Seahawks Huskies Cougars High Schools Mariners Sounders Snow Sports Geoff Baker Matt Calkins Larry Stone Bob Condotta Forums On TV/Radio Entertainment Movies Books Music Theater Classical Music Television Comics Games & Puzzles Horoscopes Life Pacific NW Magazine Food & Drink Happy Hour Wellness Home & Decor Pets Rant & Rave Bethany Jean Clement Travel Outdoors Northwest Hikes Washington Oregon B.C. Hawaii Opinion Editorials Letters Op-Eds Kate Riley Mark Higgins Brier Dudley Jonathan Martin Thanh Tan Blanca Torres Columnists Nicole Brodeur FYI Guy Mary Ann Gwinn Ron Judd Jerry Large Seattle Sketcher Jon Talton Danny Westneat Jobs Autos Homes Listings Classifieds Paid Obituaries NWshowcase Sponsored Posts ShopNW Seattle Times Store Contact FAQs Subscriber Services Print Replica iOS App Android App Business Boeing & Aerospace Amazon Microsoft Technology Economy Real Estate All Sections Local Traffic Lab Crime Local Politics Education Education Lab Eastside Northwest Data Health Times Watchdog News Obituaries Photo & Video Nation & World Politics Oddities Photos of the Day Business Boeing Amazon Microsoft Technology Economy Real Estate Sports Seahawks Huskies Cougars High Schools Mariners Sounders Snow Sports Geoff Baker Matt Calkins Larry Stone Bob Condotta Forums On TV/Radio Entertainment Movies Books Music Theater Classical Music Television Comics Games & Puzzles Horoscopes Life Pacific NW Magazine Food & Drink Happy Hour Wellness Home & Decor Pets Rant & Rave Bethany Jean Clement Travel Outdoors Northwest Hikes Washington Oregon B.C. Hawaii Opinion Editorials Letters Op-Eds Kate Riley Mark Higgins Brier Dudley Jonathan Martin Thanh Tan Blanca Torres Columnists Nicole Brodeur FYI Guy Mary Ann Gwinn Ron Judd Jerry Large Seattle Sketcher Jon Talton Danny Westneat Jobs Autos Homes Listings Classifieds Paid Obituaries NWshowcase Sponsored Posts ShopNW Seattle Times Store Contact FAQs Subscriber Services Print Replica iOS App Android App Business Log In Subscribe Business Markets Nation & World Asian shares mostly higher despite pullback on Wall Street Originally published March 6, 2017 at 7:23 am Updated March 6, 2017 at 7:18 pm Share story By ELAINE KURTENBACH The Associated Press TOKYO (AP) — Asian shares were mostly higher on Tuesday with little major news to drive trading. Japan’s benchmark edged lower, while Hong Kong’s Hang Seng index rose as China’s finance minister expressed confidence over the government’s ability to handle rising levels of debt. KEEPING SCORE: The Nikkei 225 stock index in Tokyo edged 0.2 percent lower to 19,345.49 but most other indexes gained. The Hang Seng gained 0.3 percent to 23,673.80 and the Shanghai Composite index was flat at 3,234.76. Australia’s S&P ASX 200 climbed 0.2 percent to 5,755.10 and South Korea’s Kospi was up 0.5 percent to 2,091.14. Shares in Taiwan and Southeast Asia were higher. WALL STREET: U.S. stocks finished lower Monday for the second time in the last three trading days, with losses in banks, investment firms and insurance companies. The Standard & Poor’s 500 index lost 0.3 percent to 2,375.31, the Dow Jones industrial average shed 0.2 percent to 20,954.34 and the Nasdaq composite fell 0.4 percent to 5,849.17. Some analysts have turned cautious after the rapid gains of recent months. TRUMP WATCH: Without any major financial news to drive trading, investors are watching for the latest developments from the U.S. Federal Reserve and U.S. President Donald Trump. Overnight, Trump’s administration released a revised version of border restrictions for travelers from majority-Muslim countries. Most Read Stories Hit man in San Antonio murder-for-hire slaying set to die Exhausted mom needs sleep before marriage crumbles | Dear Carolyn Dick’s Drive-In to open new location — and you can vote on where Is your kid absent more than classmates? School ‘nudge’ letters tell parents just how much  VIEW AG Bob Ferguson: Trump’s original travel ban was indefensible; we’re reviewing the new oneUnlimited Digital Access. $1 for 4 weeks. ANALYST VIEWPOINT: “‘Trump on, Trump off’ (TOTO) is the new ‘risk on, risk off,'” Chris Weston of IG said in a commentary. Trump’s revised travel restrictions for travelers from majority-Muslim countries would have limited impact in Asia, since none of the countries directly affected are in the region. “Again, this story is not really one for markets to be concerned with, but it highlights the lack of news focus in the session.” CHINA CONFIDENCE: China’s financial minister, Xiao Jie, told reporters risks from financing were manageable. “China’s government debt risks are generally within control,” the official Xinhua News Agency cited Xiao as saying on the sidelines of the annual session of the national legislature. He said total net debt amounted to 27.33 trillion yuan (about $3.96 trillion dollars) or about 36.7 percent of the country’s GDP. ENERGY: Benchmark U.S. crude lost 6 cents to $53.14 a barrel in electronic trading on the New York Mercantile Exchange. It gave up 13 cents on Monday to $53.20 a barrel. Brent crude, used to price international oils, lost 9 cents to $55.92 a barrel in London. CURRENCIES: The dollar was nearly unchanged at 113.98 yen. The euro rose to $1.0588 from $1.0582. ___ ELAINE KURTENBACH Email Newsletter Sign-up Custom-curated news highlights, delivered weekday mornings. Email address By signing up you are agreeing to our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service. Thanks for signing up! View Comments No personal attacks or insults, no hate speech, no profanity. Please keep the conversation civil and help us moderate this thread by reporting any abuse. See our Commenting FAQ. Powered by Livefyre The opinions expressed in reader comments are those of the author only, and do not reflect the opinions of The Seattle Times. Next Story Apartment in president’s Trump Tower pulled from Airbnb Previous Story Liz Weston: 9 bills where you can cut a better deal Contact Newsroom staff list FAQ Contact form About the company Seattle Restaurant Week Newspapers in Education Fund for the Needy Employment Historical Archives Pulitzers Company information Permissions Seattle Times Store Advertise Classifieds Autos Homes Obituary Jobs Media Kit Advertise with Us Subscriber Services Subscribe Activate Account Manage Subscription Place Temporary Hold Report Delivery Issue Make a Payment Print Replica Today’s Front Page Facebook Twitter RSS Feeds Newsletters Mobile Apps Subscribe Copyright © 2017 The Seattle Times Company | Privacy statement | Terms of service Get our Morning Brief delivered to your inbox. Custom-curated news highlights, delivered weekday mornings. Email address By signing up you are agreeing to our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service. Thanks for signing up! Your Morning Brief will arrive every weekday morning. Back to the story
Accessibility/Mobile Features Skip Navigation Skip to Content March 7, 2017 Login | Register | RSS Feeds Hi | Logout | RSS Feeds SEARCH | Advanced Search | e-Edition Search full site Search local only Editorial News News| Local News | Westman this Week | Sun Weekend | Calendars || National News | World News || Manitoba Election Sports| Local Sports | Wheat Kings | High School || Hockey | Curling | Baseball | Basketball | Football | Golf | Post-Secondary | Other Sports Opinion|| Columnists | Letters to the Editor | Sound Off | Send a letter to the Editor | Submit a Sound Off | Submit a News Tip Entertainment| Local TV | Local Movies Lifestyles|   Business|   Agriculture||   Multimedia| Point of View | Special Features | Sun Snaps SUBSCRIBE   Classified Sites Careers Obituaries Classifieds eTearsheet Instructions You are here: Brandon Sun > World > International Breaking News > Asian shares mostly higher despite pullback on Wall Street International Breaking News The Canadian Press - ONLINE EDITION Asian shares mostly higher despite pullback on Wall Street By: Elaine Kurtenbach, The Associated Press Monday, Mar. 6, 2017 at 9:20 PM | Comments: 0 Print E–mail Tweet Report Error TOKYO - Asian shares were mostly higher on Tuesday with little major news to drive trading. Japan's benchmark edged lower, while Hong Kong's Hang Seng index rose as China's finance minister expressed confidence over the government's ability to handle rising levels of debt. KEEPING SCORE: The Nikkei 225 stock index in Tokyo edged 0.2 per cent lower to 19,345.49 but most other indexes gained. The Hang Seng gained 0.3 per cent to 23,673.80 and the Shanghai Composite index was flat at 3,234.76. Australia's S&P ASX 200 climbed 0.2 per cent to 5,755.10 and South Korea's Kospi was up 0.5 per cent to 2,091.14. Shares in Taiwan and Southeast Asia were higher. WALL STREET: U.S. stocks finished lower Monday for the second time in the last three trading days, with losses in banks, investment firms and insurance companies. The Standard & Poor's 500 index lost 0.3 per cent to 2,375.31, the Dow Jones industrial average shed 0.2 per cent to 20,954.34 and the Nasdaq composite fell 0.4 per cent to 5,849.17. Some analysts have turned cautious after the rapid gains of recent months. TRUMP WATCH: Without any major financial news to drive trading, investors are watching for the latest developments from the U.S. Federal Reserve and U.S. President Donald Trump. Overnight, Trump's administration released a revised version of border restrictions for travellers from majority-Muslim countries. ANALYST VIEWPOINT: "'Trump on, Trump off' (TOTO) is the new 'risk on, risk off,'" Chris Weston of IG said in a commentary. Trump's revised travel restrictions for travellers from majority-Muslim countries would have limited impact in Asia, since none of the countries directly affected are in the region. "Again, this story is not really one for markets to be concerned with, but it highlights the lack of news focus in the session." CHINA CONFIDENCE: China's financial minister, Xiao Jie, told reporters risks from financing were manageable. "China's government debt risks are generally within control," the official Xinhua News Agency cited Xiao as saying on the sidelines of the annual session of the national legislature. He said total net debt amounted to 27.33 trillion yuan (about $3.96 trillion dollars) or about 36.7 per cent of the country's GDP. ENERGY: Benchmark U.S. crude lost 6 cents to $53.14 a barrel in electronic trading on the New York Mercantile Exchange. It gave up 13 cents on Monday to $53.20 a barrel. Brent crude, used to price international oils, lost 9 cents to $55.92 a barrel in London. CURRENCIES: The dollar was nearly unchanged at 113.98 yen. The euro rose to $1.0588 from $1.0582. ___ Print E–mail Tweet Report Error Rate this This article has not yet been rated. We want you to tell us what you think of our articles. If the story moves you, compels you to act or tells you something you didn’t know, mark it high. If you thought it was well written, do the same. If it doesn’t meet your standards, mark it accordingly. You can also register and/or login to the site and join the conversation by leaving a comment. Rate it yourself by rolling over the stars and clicking when you reach your desired rating. We want you to tell us what you think of our articles. If the story moves you, compels you to act or tells you something you didn’t know, mark it high. Sort by: Newest to Oldest | Oldest to Newest | Most Popular 0 Comments You can comment on most stories on brandonsun.com. You can also agree or disagree with other comments. All you need to do is register and/or login and you can join the conversation and give your feedback. There are no comments at the moment. Be the first to post a comment below. Post Your Comment Error The following error(s) occurred: You forgot to fill in the comment box. confirm comment The following is the comment that you have written. If you like what you have written, select the submit button and the comment will be sent to the Brandon Sun. If you would like to go back and edit your comment, select the edit button. Comment You have characters left The Brandon Sun does not necessarily endorse any of the views posted. Comments are moderated before publication. By submitting your comment, you agree to our Terms and Conditions. New to commenting? Check out our Frequently Asked Questions. Back to Top Return to International Breaking News Make text: Larger | Smaller Social Media Most Popular Most Views Most Comments Most Emails Today | Week | Month Man's cancer battle sparks online health challenge Westman braces for winter wallop Emaciated horse caretakers may face charges Lyttle helps Chiefs stave off elimination Revved up to aid Rapid City rink Cops seize rifle from north-end home Driver arrested after early-morning crash Traffic stop nets trio of arrests 'Red Green' tribute a mood-booster City engineers favour lowest bid for Eighth St. bridge demolition Neepawa boy gets STARS' VIP treatment Emaciated horse caretakers may face charges Fighting to save starving stallion Mother accused of hitting son with wrench Former Souris businessman accused of sexual abuse Refusal to pay restaurant bill brings fraud charge Drugs, cash found during traffic stop Suspect sought after woman assaulted Jail for man guilty of apartment sex attack Local store worker nabs suspected thief Police in standoff in west end Two BPS officers charged after traffic incident Treherne man dies in head-on crash Adamski still firmly fixed on the future Medal of Bravery recipient charged in standoff Six confirmed mumps cases in Brandon already this month Standoff suspect arrested Sobeys West may also move Russell arches set to rise from the ashes Couple helps drive downtown Brandon revitalization Today | Week | Month Sound Off -- Feb. 28, 2017 Tories set $17.5M 'savings target' for Prairie Mountain Health region What we shouldn't be taking sitting down Shining a light on Manitoba Hydro job cuts Crown lays out charges against accused in rural crime sprees Lifetime of inspiration and artistry City of Brandon proposing development fee as growth strains infrastructure BSD unveils preliminary budget Police in standoff in west end Trustees studying budget scenarios Dome Building making progress Short-term safety fixes eyed for North Hill intersection Tower demolition underway Today | Week | Month Reserves an artificial creation, but too lucrative to leave behind ESL funding cut bad news for immigrants Housing First tackles homelessness ESL program faces funding cuts ESL students speak out Ombudsman's decision on compensation issue upsets local watchdog Incident muted championship for Pringle, Mills Police find meth in vehicle Immigrants say program absolutely crucial for them Tories set $17.5M 'savings target' for Prairie Mountain Health region Four men charged and another sought for Western Manitoba theft ring SPIN hosts speaker on how social media can exacerbate mental illness Medal of Bravery recipient charged in standoff 'Core plant' remains at law firm of Paterson Patterson Wyman & Abel YWCA Women of Distinction nominees Reserves an artificial creation, but too lucrative to leave behind Lifetime of inspiration and artistry RMNP staff set to recreate 1933 hockey game Sifton Reeve Rick Plaisier remembered for dedication to community Process to annex farmland south of Brandon moves forward Online: Contact Us | Photo Store | RSS Feeds Newspaper: Newspapers In Education (NIE) | Help/FAQ | Fund Raising | Press Pass Advertise: Rates | Media Guide | Online Ads Demo Legal: Privacy Policy | Access To Information | FP Newspapers Inc. © 2017 Brandon Sun. All Rights Reserved.
Skip to content MilTech pr@satprnews.com Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 6 March 2017 by Military News Tackling Global Issues with Pro Bono: Experts from 27 Countries Convene in Portugal to Take On Challenges at Global Summit SOURCE: Taproot Foundation DESCRIPTION: LISBON, PORTUGAL, March 6, 2017 /3BLMedia/ – Taproot Foundation and BMW Foundation Herbert Quandt will convene the 5th Annual Global Pro Bono Summit, March 7 – 10, 2017, in Lisbon, Portugal, with local host Social Entrepreneurs Agency (Agência de Empreendedores Sociais, or SEA). “The world is facing significant challenges—climate change, immigration crises, health care, education and so much more,” says Liz Hamburg, President and CEO of the Taproot Foundation. “Now, more than ever, we believe that human capital provided by business professionals in pro bono service can have a significant impact in tackling many of the world’s challenges.” The worldwide movement of pro bono service is growing as the need to address the critical problems of communities is magnified. As reported by Committee Encouraging Corporate Philanthropy (CECP)  in their 2016 edition of “Giving in Numbers,” 71% of Asian companies offer some form of pro bono service programming (up 4% from 2015), and European companies are not far behind at 64% (up 9% from 2015). This year’s Global Pro Bono Summit will have a special focus on tackling global issues using pro bono service, including how corporations might activate pro bono volunteers in achieving the UN’s Sustainable Development Goals. “IMPACT 2030 Partner Companies and Stakeholders believe that a commitment to human capital investment via corporate volunteering is a powerful tool to accelerate the global achievement of the UN Sustainable Development Agenda, advance the practice and impact of pro bono activities, and inspire the private sector to positive action,” says Dr. Tauni Lanier, Executive Director of Impact 2030, who will be presenting at the Summit. Other sessions include the potential of impact investing and taking a cross-sectoral approach to campaigning for a cause. About the Global Pro Bono Summit and Attendees “For us, pro bono is an effective tool to inspire responsible leadership and address key challenges worldwide,” notes Markus Hipp, Director of the BMW Foundation Herbert Quandt. “Together with our partner the Taproot Foundation, we are proud to host the 5th edition of the annual Global Pro Bono Summit and scale this movement around the globe. We are trying to bring about systemic change through encouraging leaders to work pro bono for the common good,” continues Hipp. Taproot and the BMW Foundation have been co-hosting the Global Pro Summit since 2013. The event is the annual gathering of leaders from across sectors and professions who share the vision of taking on global challenges by connecting the skills and talents of the business community with non-governmental organizations worldwide. This year’s Summit will bring together members of The Global Pro Bono Network, a select group of pro bono providers from around the world, as well as government leaders, foundations and corporations from 27 countries to share best practices and drive the pro bono movement forward. Attendees include representatives from such companies as Adobe, Accenture, Credit Suisse AG, Deloitte and JP Morgan Chase, as well as leaders from Global Pro Bono Network organizations Phomenta, The Good Lobby, Moving Worlds, Proboneo, Work for Social and others. Network Sponsor of the 2017 Global Pro Bono Summit is the YouChange China Social Entrepreneur Foundation. In kind donors include European Investment Bank Institute, City Hall of Sintra and City Hall of Lisbon. 2017 Global Pro Bono Summit follow us: #GPBS2017  website: http://www.probonosummit.org/ Participating regions/countries: Australia, Belgium, Brazil, Bulgaria, Chile, China, France, Georgia, Germany, Greece, Hungary, India, Japan, Mexico, Norway, Portugal, Russia, Saudi Arabia, Serbia, Singapore, Slovakia, South Korea, Spain, Switzerland, Thailand, United Kingdom and United States.  About the Taproot Foundation Taproot Foundation, a U.S. based nonprofit, connects nonprofits and social change organizations with passionate, skilled volunteers who share their expertise pro bono. Taproot is creating a world where organizations dedicated to social change have full access—through pro bono service—to the marketing, strategy, HR, and IT resources they need to be most effective. Since 2001, Taproot’s skilled volunteers have served 4,600 social change organizations providing 1.5 million hours of work worth over $160 million in value. Taproot is located in New York City, San Francisco Bay Area, Chicago, Los Angeles, and Washington, D.C. and is leading a network of global pro bono providers in over 30 countries around the world. www.taprootfoundation.org, @taprootfound About the BMW Foundation The BMW Foundation brings together leaders from across communities, cultures, and countries to drive Social Innovation, promote Global Dialogue, and encourage Responsible Leadership. We are convinced that our approach breaks down barriers between politics, business, and civil society and allows society to benefit from the creativity and diversity that result from cross-sector collaboration. http://www.bmw-stiftung.de/en/, @bmwfoundation About Social Entrepreneurs Agency SEA – Social Entrepreneurs Agency is a multisectoral cooperative created in 2007 by a group of social entrepreneurs. Its corporate purpose is the development and implementation of social entrepreneurship projects that contribute to social, economic, cultural and environmental sustainability, in favor of local and integrated development. http://www.seagency.org/, @SEA_Agency Tweet me: .@taprootfound @BMWFoundation convene Global #ProBono Summit w/@SEA_Agency http://bit.ly/2m3QFtm Follow along at #GBPS2017 Contact Info: Crystal Hendricks-Kretzer Taproot Foundation pr@taprootfoundation.org @taprootfound Maja Heinrich BMW Foundation Herbert Quandt +49-3033963544 maja.heinrich@bmw-foundation.org @bmwfoundation KEYWORDS: Events, Conferences & Webinars, Corporate Social Responsibility, Taproot Foundation, bmw foundation, Pro Bono Service     CategoriesUncategorized Tagsadvance, Business, Companies, Education, Health, Politics, private, service, Uncategorized, World Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Merck migliora la tecnologia di purificazione dell’acqua di laboratorio con il sistema Milli-Q® IQ 7000 Next PostNext Limited Wi-Fi Plans Offer Little Value Proposition for Consumers in the US and Europe Posted on 6 March 2017 by Military News Tackling Global Issues with Pro Bono: Experts from 27 Countries Convene in Portugal to Take On Challenges at Global Summit SOURCE: Taproot Foundation DESCRIPTION: LISBON, PORTUGAL, March 6, 2017 /3BLMedia/ – Taproot Foundation and BMW Foundation Herbert Quandt will convene the 5th Annual Global Pro Bono Summit, March 7 – 10, 2017, in Lisbon, Portugal, with local host Social Entrepreneurs Agency (Agência de Empreendedores Sociais, or SEA). “The world is facing significant challenges—climate change, immigration crises, health care, education and so much more,” says Liz Hamburg, President and CEO of the Taproot Foundation. “Now, more than ever, we believe that human capital provided by business professionals in pro bono service can have a significant impact in tackling many of the world’s challenges.” The worldwide movement of pro bono service is growing as the need to address the critical problems of communities is magnified. As reported by Committee Encouraging Corporate Philanthropy (CECP)  in their 2016 edition of “Giving in Numbers,” 71% of Asian companies offer some form of pro bono service programming (up 4% from 2015), and European companies are not far behind at 64% (up 9% from 2015). This year’s Global Pro Bono Summit will have a special focus on tackling global issues using pro bono service, including how corporations might activate pro bono volunteers in achieving the UN’s Sustainable Development Goals. “IMPACT 2030 Partner Companies and Stakeholders believe that a commitment to human capital investment via corporate volunteering is a powerful tool to accelerate the global achievement of the UN Sustainable Development Agenda, advance the practice and impact of pro bono activities, and inspire the private sector to positive action,” says Dr. Tauni Lanier, Executive Director of Impact 2030, who will be presenting at the Summit. Other sessions include the potential of impact investing and taking a cross-sectoral approach to campaigning for a cause. About the Global Pro Bono Summit and Attendees “For us, pro bono is an effective tool to inspire responsible leadership and address key challenges worldwide,” notes Markus Hipp, Director of the BMW Foundation Herbert Quandt. “Together with our partner the Taproot Foundation, we are proud to host the 5th edition of the annual Global Pro Bono Summit and scale this movement around the globe. We are trying to bring about systemic change through encouraging leaders to work pro bono for the common good,” continues Hipp. Taproot and the BMW Foundation have been co-hosting the Global Pro Summit since 2013. The event is the annual gathering of leaders from across sectors and professions who share the vision of taking on global challenges by connecting the skills and talents of the business community with non-governmental organizations worldwide. This year’s Summit will bring together members of The Global Pro Bono Network, a select group of pro bono providers from around the world, as well as government leaders, foundations and corporations from 27 countries to share best practices and drive the pro bono movement forward. Attendees include representatives from such companies as Adobe, Accenture, Credit Suisse AG, Deloitte and JP Morgan Chase, as well as leaders from Global Pro Bono Network organizations Phomenta, The Good Lobby, Moving Worlds, Proboneo, Work for Social and others. Network Sponsor of the 2017 Global Pro Bono Summit is the YouChange China Social Entrepreneur Foundation. In kind donors include European Investment Bank Institute, City Hall of Sintra and City Hall of Lisbon. 2017 Global Pro Bono Summit follow us: #GPBS2017  website: http://www.probonosummit.org/ Participating regions/countries: Australia, Belgium, Brazil, Bulgaria, Chile, China, France, Georgia, Germany, Greece, Hungary, India, Japan, Mexico, Norway, Portugal, Russia, Saudi Arabia, Serbia, Singapore, Slovakia, South Korea, Spain, Switzerland, Thailand, United Kingdom and United States.  About the Taproot Foundation Taproot Foundation, a U.S. based nonprofit, connects nonprofits and social change organizations with passionate, skilled volunteers who share their expertise pro bono. Taproot is creating a world where organizations dedicated to social change have full access—through pro bono service—to the marketing, strategy, HR, and IT resources they need to be most effective. Since 2001, Taproot’s skilled volunteers have served 4,600 social change organizations providing 1.5 million hours of work worth over $160 million in value. Taproot is located in New York City, San Francisco Bay Area, Chicago, Los Angeles, and Washington, D.C. and is leading a network of global pro bono providers in over 30 countries around the world. www.taprootfoundation.org, @taprootfound About the BMW Foundation The BMW Foundation brings together leaders from across communities, cultures, and countries to drive Social Innovation, promote Global Dialogue, and encourage Responsible Leadership. We are convinced that our approach breaks down barriers between politics, business, and civil society and allows society to benefit from the creativity and diversity that result from cross-sector collaboration. http://www.bmw-stiftung.de/en/, @bmwfoundation About Social Entrepreneurs Agency SEA – Social Entrepreneurs Agency is a multisectoral cooperative created in 2007 by a group of social entrepreneurs. Its corporate purpose is the development and implementation of social entrepreneurship projects that contribute to social, economic, cultural and environmental sustainability, in favor of local and integrated development. http://www.seagency.org/, @SEA_Agency Tweet me: .@taprootfound @BMWFoundation convene Global #ProBono Summit w/@SEA_Agency http://bit.ly/2m3QFtm Follow along at #GBPS2017 Contact Info: Crystal Hendricks-Kretzer Taproot Foundation pr@taprootfoundation.org @taprootfound Maja Heinrich BMW Foundation Herbert Quandt +49-3033963544 maja.heinrich@bmw-foundation.org @bmwfoundation KEYWORDS: Events, Conferences & Webinars, Corporate Social Responsibility, Taproot Foundation, bmw foundation, Pro Bono Service     CategoriesUncategorized Tagsadvance, Business, Companies, Education, Health, Politics, private, service, Uncategorized, World Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Merck migliora la tecnologia di purificazione dell’acqua di laboratorio con il sistema Milli-Q® IQ 7000 Next PostNext Limited Wi-Fi Plans Offer Little Value Proposition for Consumers in the US and Europe Search Recent Posts Atradius annonce des Résultats en hausse de 19 % en 2016 Jaarresultaat Atradius 2016: stijging van 19 procent Atradius steigert das Jahresergebnis für 2016 um 19 Prozent Atradius: utile netto in crescita del 19% nel 2016 Talentoday, startup en technologie Ressources Humaines (RH), a réalisé une levée de fonds « Série A » de 3.49 millions de dollars Proudly powered by WordPress
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Fabrinet - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Fabrinet with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Zacks Investment Research Downgrades CyberOptics Co. (CYBE) to Sell The Coca-Cola Co (KO) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Sanford C. Bernstein PepsiCo, Inc. (PEP) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Sanford C. Bernstein Endeavour Silver Corp Expected to Earn Q1 2017 Earnings of $0.01 Per Share (EXK) GCP Applied Technologies Inc. (GCP) Expected to Earn Q1 2017 Earnings of $0.29 Per Share Patheon NV (PTHN) Given Average Recommendation of “Buy” by Brokerages IMPINJ Inc (PI) Receives $33.86 Consensus Target Price from Brokerages Outfront Media Inc (OUT) to Issue Quarterly Dividend of $0.36 on March 31st Haverty Furniture Companies, Inc. (HVT) to Issue Quarterly Dividend of $0.12 on March 29th SEGRO plc (SGRO) Price Target Increased to GBX 500 by Analysts at HSBC Holdings plc Palo Alto Networks Inc (PANW) Downgraded to “Neutral” at Robert W. Baird South32 Ltd (S32) Upgraded by HSBC Holdings plc to Buy Zacks Investment Research Upgrades Liquidity Services, Inc. (LQDT) to Hold Barclays PLC Reiterates “Equal weight” Rating for Go-Ahead Group plc (GOG) Interserve plc (IRV) PT Lowered to GBX 300 at Jefferies Group LLC BT Group plc (BT) Earns “Sell” Rating from Deutsche Bank AG IBERIABANK Corp (IBKC) to Post Q1 2017 Earnings of $0.99 Per Share, SunTrust Banks Forecasts KCAP Financial Inc (KCAP) Set to Announce Earnings on Wednesday DCT Industrial Trust Inc (DCT) Given Consensus Rating of “Hold” by Brokerages Boston Properties, Inc. (BXP) Receives $139.53 Average PT from Brokerages WFG Advisors LP Invests $262,000 in Fabrinet (FN) March 6th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Trevor Kearing Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet WFG Advisors LP bought a new stake in Fabrinet (NYSE:FN) during the fourth quarter, according to its most recent Form 13F filing with the SEC. The fund bought 55,870 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $262,000. WFG Advisors LP owned 0.15% of Fabrinet as of its most recent filing with the SEC. Other large investors have also bought and sold shares of the company. Quantbot Technologies LP acquired a new stake in Fabrinet during the third quarter valued at $104,000. Creative Planning boosted its stake in Fabrinet by 49.5% in the third quarter. Creative Planning now owns 2,810 shares of the company’s stock valued at $125,000 after buying an additional 930 shares during the last quarter. Pacad Investment Ltd. boosted its stake in Fabrinet by 60.0% in the fourth quarter. Pacad Investment Ltd. now owns 3,200 shares of the company’s stock valued at $129,000 after buying an additional 1,200 shares during the last quarter. Thompson Davis & CO. Inc. acquired a new stake in Fabrinet during the third quarter valued at $145,000. Finally, Advisors Preferred LLC boosted its stake in Fabrinet by 1,034.4% in the third quarter. Advisors Preferred LLC now owns 3,789 shares of the company’s stock valued at $169,000 after buying an additional 3,455 shares during the last quarter. Hedge funds and other institutional investors own 90.98% of the company’s stock. Fabrinet (NYSE:FN) traded down 0.92% on Monday, reaching $41.97. The company’s stock had a trading volume of 267,308 shares. The firm’s 50 day moving average price is $42.61 and its 200-day moving average price is $41.57. The company has a market capitalization of $1.55 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 17.73 and a beta of 1.50. Fabrinet has a 52 week low of $25.82 and a 52 week high of $49.63. Fabrinet (NYSE:FN) last posted its earnings results on Monday, February 6th. The company reported $0.91 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, beating analysts’ consensus estimates of $0.79 by $0.12. Fabrinet had a return on equity of 15.24% and a net margin of 7.32%. The business earned $351.20 million during the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $335.07 million. During the same quarter last year, the firm earned $0.50 earnings per share. The company’s revenue for the quarter was up 50.7% compared to the same quarter last year. On average, equities analysts predict that Fabrinet will post $3.48 EPS for the current year. “WFG Advisors LP Invests $262,000 in Fabrinet (FN)” was originally posted by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are accessing this report on another site, it was illegally stolen and reposted in violation of US and international copyright law. The original version of this report can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/03/06/wfg-advisors-lp-invests-262000-in-fabrinet-fn.html. Several equities research analysts recently weighed in on the company. B. Riley restated a “buy” rating and set a $52.75 target price on shares of Fabrinet in a research note on Wednesday, November 9th. Needham & Company LLC restated a “hold” rating on shares of Fabrinet in a research note on Tuesday, February 7th. Zacks Investment Research lowered Fabrinet from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating in a research report on Tuesday, January 10th. Piper Jaffray Companies lifted their price target on Fabrinet from $55.00 to $58.00 and gave the stock an “overweight” rating in a research report on Tuesday, February 7th. Finally, JPMorgan Chase & Co. set a $50.00 price target on Fabrinet and gave the stock a “buy” rating in a research report on Wednesday, January 25th. Two analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and five have issued a buy rating to the company. The stock currently has a consensus rating of “Buy” and an average target price of $50.25. In other news, CEO David T. Mitchell sold 75,000 shares of the stock in a transaction dated Wednesday, March 1st. The stock was sold at an average price of $41.48, for a total value of $3,111,000.00. The transaction was disclosed in a document filed with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is available at the SEC website. In the last quarter, insiders sold 225,000 shares of company stock valued at $9,195,000. Insiders own 4.30% of the company’s stock. Fabrinet Company Profile Fabrinet provides optical packaging and precision optical, electro-mechanical and electronic manufacturing services to original equipment manufacturers (OEMs) of products, such as optical communication components, modules and sub-systems, industrial lasers, medical devices and sensors. The Company offers a range of optical and electro-mechanical capabilities across the manufacturing process, including process design and engineering, supply chain management, manufacturing, complex printed circuit board assembly, advanced packaging, integration, final assembly and test. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding FN? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Fabrinet (NYSE:FN). Receive News & Ratings for Fabrinet Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Fabrinet and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News New Travel Ban by President Trump Could be Announced Monday Hackers Accessed Private Email of Mike Pence While He Was Governor President Trump’s First Address Optimistic Trump Asking for Steep Increases in Spending for Military President Trump Wants the Largest Nuclear Arsenal © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance First Potomac Realty Trust - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for First Potomac Realty Trust with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Scotiabank Reiterates Outperform Rating for Advantage Oil & Gas Ltd. (AAV) Raymond James Financial, Inc. Raises Canadian Apartment Properties REIT (CAR.UN) Price Target to C$35.00 Bank of Nova Scotia (BNS) PT Raised to C$86.00 at Desjardins Scotiabank Boosts Avigilon Corp (AVO) Price Target to C$16.00 LPL Financial Holdings Inc (lpla) to Issue Quarterly Dividend of $0.25 on March 24th Brokers Issue Forecasts for Babcock & Wilcox Enterprises Inc’s Q1 2017 Earnings (BW) Ideal Power Inc. (IPWR) Insider Buys $19,812.00 in Stock Cameco Corp (CCO) Director James Allan Dobchuk Buys 1,470 Shares Fossil Group Inc (FOSL) PT Lowered to $12.00 TD Securities Reiterates “Buy” Rating for Cascades Inc (CAS) Edge Therapeutics Inc (EDGE) Rating Reiterated by Leerink Swann Beaufort Securities Reaffirms “Speculative Buy” Rating for Amryt Pharma PLC (AMYT) Tritax Big Box REIT PLC (BBOX) Receives “Hold” Rating from Liberum Capital Deutsche Bank AG Boosts G4S plc (GFS) Price Target to GBX 230 Old Line Bancshares, Inc. (MD) (olbk) To Go Ex-Dividend on March 8th Pernix Therapeutics Holdings Inc (PTX) Scheduled to Post Earnings on Wednesday Savanna Energy Services Corp. (SVY) Scheduled to Post Earnings on Wednesday William Blair Analysts Increase Earnings Estimates for 3D Systems Co. (DDD) Carrols Restaurant Group, Inc. (TAST) PT Lowered to $17.00 United Continental Holdings Inc (UAL) Rating Reiterated by Sanford C. Bernstein Zacks Investment Research Lowers First Potomac Realty Trust (FPO) to Hold March 6th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Patrick Bannon Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Finance Tweet Zacks Investment Research cut shares of First Potomac Realty Trust (NYSE:FPO) from a buy rating to a hold rating in a research report report published on Wednesday. According to Zacks, “First Potomac Realty Trust is a self-administered, self-managed real estate investment trust that acquires, operates and develops industrial and flex properties in Maryland, Virginia and the Washington, D.C. metropolitan area. “ Other equities analysts have also issued reports about the stock. SunTrust Banks, Inc. lowered shares of First Potomac Realty Trust from a buy rating to a hold rating and set a $11.00 price target on the stock. in a research report on Thursday, January 19th. Wells Fargo & Co reissued a hold rating and issued a $10.00 target price on shares of First Potomac Realty Trust in a report on Thursday, December 1st. Finally, TheStreet raised shares of First Potomac Realty Trust from a d+ rating to a c rating in a report on Monday, January 23rd. One analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, four have issued a hold rating and one has issued a buy rating to the stock. The company presently has a consensus rating of Hold and an average price target of $10.45. Shares of First Potomac Realty Trust (NYSE:FPO) traded down 0.90% during trading on Wednesday, hitting $9.95. 30,989 shares of the stock were exchanged. First Potomac Realty Trust has a 52 week low of $8.01 and a 52 week high of $11.16. The firm’s market capitalization is $584.05 million. The firm has a 50 day moving average price of $10.42 and a 200 day moving average price of $9.81. First Potomac Realty Trust (NYSE:FPO) last released its quarterly earnings results on Thursday, February 23rd. The company reported $0.27 EPS for the quarter, topping analysts’ consensus estimates of $0.26 by $0.01. First Potomac Realty Trust had a negative net margin of 22.83% and a negative return on equity of 8.28%. The business had revenue of $38.97 million for the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $39.83 million. During the same period last year, the firm earned $0.25 earnings per share. First Potomac Realty Trust’s revenue for the quarter was down 9.6% compared to the same quarter last year. Analysts forecast that First Potomac Realty Trust will post ($0.08) EPS for the current fiscal year. This story was first posted by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are reading this story on another domain, it was stolen and republished in violation of U.S. and international trademark & copyright law. The correct version of this story can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/03/06/zacks-investment-research-lowers-first-potomac-realty-trust-fpo-to-hold.html. The business also recently declared a quarterly dividend, which was paid on Wednesday, February 15th. Stockholders of record on Wednesday, February 8th were paid a $0.10 dividend. The ex-dividend date was Monday, February 6th. This represents a $0.40 dividend on an annualized basis and a dividend yield of 3.98%. First Potomac Realty Trust’s payout ratio is currently -46.51%. Several large investors have recently bought and sold shares of the stock. Prudential Financial Inc. increased its stake in First Potomac Realty Trust by 2.2% in the third quarter. Prudential Financial Inc. now owns 5,196,561 shares of the company’s stock worth $47,548,000 after buying an additional 111,028 shares during the last quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. increased its stake in First Potomac Realty Trust by 1.5% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 842,779 shares of the company’s stock worth $7,712,000 after buying an additional 12,467 shares during the last quarter. Lombardia Capital Partners LLC increased its stake in First Potomac Realty Trust by 13.2% in the third quarter. Lombardia Capital Partners LLC now owns 907,222 shares of the company’s stock worth $8,301,000 after buying an additional 105,823 shares during the last quarter. Wells Fargo & Company MN increased its stake in First Potomac Realty Trust by 3.1% in the third quarter. Wells Fargo & Company MN now owns 1,120,971 shares of the company’s stock worth $10,257,000 after buying an additional 33,435 shares during the last quarter. Finally, Vanguard Group Inc. increased its stake in First Potomac Realty Trust by 2.0% in the second quarter. Vanguard Group Inc. now owns 8,581,519 shares of the company’s stock worth $78,949,000 after buying an additional 171,818 shares during the last quarter. Institutional investors own 91.75% of the company’s stock. About First Potomac Realty Trust First Potomac Realty Trust is engaged in the ownership, management, development and redevelopment of office and business park properties in the greater Washington, DC region. The Company’s segments include Washington, DC, Maryland, Northern Virginia and Southern Virginia. It conducts its business through First Potomac Realty Investment Limited Partnership, the Company’s operating partnership (the Operating Partnership). Get a free copy of the Zacks research report on First Potomac Realty Trust (FPO) For more information about research offerings from Zacks Investment Research, visit Zacks.com Receive News & Ratings for First Potomac Realty Trust Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for First Potomac Realty Trust and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News New Travel Ban by President Trump Could be Announced Monday Hackers Accessed Private Email of Mike Pence While He Was Governor President Trump’s First Address Optimistic Trump Asking for Steep Increases in Spending for Military President Trump Wants the Largest Nuclear Arsenal © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance TC Pipelines LP - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for TC Pipelines LP with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News South32 Ltd (S32) Upgraded by HSBC Holdings plc to Buy Zacks Investment Research Upgrades Liquidity Services, Inc. (LQDT) to Hold Barclays PLC Reiterates “Equal weight” Rating for Go-Ahead Group plc (GOG) Interserve plc (IRV) PT Lowered to GBX 300 at Jefferies Group LLC BT Group plc (BT) Earns “Sell” Rating from Deutsche Bank AG IBERIABANK Corp (IBKC) to Post Q1 2017 Earnings of $0.99 Per Share, SunTrust Banks Forecasts KCAP Financial Inc (KCAP) Set to Announce Earnings on Wednesday DCT Industrial Trust Inc (DCT) Given Consensus Rating of “Hold” by Brokerages Boston Properties, Inc. (BXP) Receives $139.53 Average PT from Brokerages BioCryst Pharmaceuticals (BCRX) – Analysts’ Recent Ratings Updates Paddy Power Betfair Plc’s (PPB) Buy Rating Reiterated at Peel Hunt Mitie Group PLC (MTO) Downgraded to Underperform at Jefferies Group LLC Liquor Stores N.A. Ltd (LIQ) Price Target Cut to C$11.00 Noranda Income Fund (NIF.UN) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by TD Securities Q1 2017 Earnings Forecast for Intra-Cellular Therapies Inc Issued By Leerink Swann (ITCI) Hill International, Inc. (HIL) to Release Earnings on Wednesday GSV Capital Corp (GSVC) to Release Quarterly Earnings on Wednesday Granite Construction Inc. (GVA) Given Consensus Rating of “Buy” by Brokerages Zpg Plc’s (ZPG) Outperform Rating Reaffirmed at Credit Suisse Group AG URU Metals Ltd (URU) Given Corporate Rating at Northland Securities TC Pipelines, LP (TCP) Rating Increased to Hold at Zacks Investment Research March 6th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Tyrone Williams Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Finance Tweet TC Pipelines, LP (NYSE:TCP) was upgraded by Zacks Investment Research from a “sell” rating to a “hold” rating in a report issued on Monday. According to Zacks, “Following uncertainty over TC PipeLines' dropdown prospects, investor sentiment on the stock has turned tepid of late. Sponsor TransCanada's purchase of Columbia Pipeline Group and TCP's higher cost of capital is likely to limit dropdowns. As it is, the natural gas transporter is facing headwinds on its contracting efforts for the Great Lakes pipeline system. Concerns associated with the availability of natural gas supplied by Northern Border have also been a negative. However, we acknowledge TCP's ownership stakes in natural gas transportation assets that generate stable, recurring and low-risk earnings. TCP has also established a track of providing stable and growing cash distribution to unitholders, an indication of its financial strength. Considering these factors, we think that the current valuation is fair and adequately reflects the partnership’s future growth prospects.” A number of other research firms also recently weighed in on TCP. RBC Capital Markets reissued a “buy” rating and set a $67.00 price target on shares of TC Pipelines, in a research note on Friday, January 6th. Wells Fargo & Co reissued a “neutral” rating on shares of TC Pipelines, in a research note on Wednesday, November 9th. Ladenburg Thalmann Financial Services began coverage on shares of TC Pipelines, in a research note on Friday, January 20th. They set a “neutral” rating and a $61.00 price target for the company. Finally, Royal Bank of Canada raised shares of TC Pipelines, from a “sector perform” rating to an “outperform” rating and boosted their price target for the stock from $61.00 to $67.00 in a research note on Monday, December 12th. Two research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, seven have issued a hold rating and two have issued a buy rating to the company’s stock. TC Pipelines, has an average rating of “Hold” and an average price target of $59.38. Shares of TC Pipelines, (NYSE:TCP) traded down 0.45% during midday trading on Monday, hitting $61.90. 30,624 shares of the company’s stock were exchanged. The firm has a market cap of $4.17 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 19.27 and a beta of 0.92. TC Pipelines, has a 52 week low of $46.50 and a 52 week high of $65.03. The company has a 50-day moving average of $60.75 and a 200-day moving average of $55.85. TC Pipelines, (NYSE:TCP) last announced its earnings results on Monday, February 27th. The company reported $0.70 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, missing the Zacks’ consensus estimate of $0.79 by $0.09. TC Pipelines, had a return on equity of 20.15% and a net margin of 9.01%. Equities research analysts expect that TC Pipelines, will post $3.22 EPS for the current fiscal year. The company also recently announced a quarterly dividend, which was paid on Tuesday, February 14th. Shareholders of record on Thursday, February 2nd were paid a $0.94 dividend. This represents a $3.76 annualized dividend and a yield of 6.05%. The ex-dividend date was Tuesday, January 31st. TC Pipelines,’s payout ratio is presently 1,392.64%. This piece of content was first reported by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are viewing this piece of content on another site, it was illegally stolen and reposted in violation of international trademark and copyright laws. The correct version of this piece of content can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/03/06/tc-pipelines-lp-tcp-rating-increased-to-hold-at-zacks-investment-research.html. A number of large investors have recently modified their holdings of TCP. Tiedemann Wealth Management LLC increased its stake in shares of TC Pipelines, by 13.2% in the third quarter. Tiedemann Wealth Management LLC now owns 29,465 shares of the company’s stock valued at $1,676,000 after buying an additional 3,441 shares during the last quarter. Bollard Group LLC increased its stake in shares of TC Pipelines, by 5.4% in the third quarter. Bollard Group LLC now owns 184,939 shares of the company’s stock valued at $10,547,000 after buying an additional 9,534 shares during the last quarter. Center Coast Capital Advisors LP increased its stake in shares of TC Pipelines, by 19.8% in the third quarter. Center Coast Capital Advisors LP now owns 4,148,482 shares of the company’s stock valued at $236,588,000 after buying an additional 686,573 shares during the last quarter. Bank of Montreal Can increased its stake in shares of TC Pipelines, by 109.4% in the third quarter. Bank of Montreal Can now owns 289,000 shares of the company’s stock valued at $16,482,000 after buying an additional 151,000 shares during the last quarter. Finally, JPMorgan Chase & Co. increased its stake in shares of TC Pipelines, by 0.8% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 752,339 shares of the company’s stock valued at $42,906,000 after buying an additional 6,131 shares during the last quarter. 60.17% of the stock is owned by hedge funds and other institutional investors. About TC Pipelines, TC PipeLines, LP is a limited partnership company that acquires, owns and participates in the management of energy infrastructure businesses in North America. The Company’s pipeline systems transport natural gas in the United States. The Company has approximately four pipelines and equity ownership interests in over three natural gas interstate pipeline systems that are collectively designed to transport natural gas from producing regions and import facilities to market hubs, and consuming markets primarily in the Western, Midwestern and Eastern United States. Get a free copy of the Zacks research report on TC Pipelines, (TCP) For more information about research offerings from Zacks Investment Research, visit Zacks.com Receive News & Ratings for TC Pipelines LP Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for TC Pipelines LP and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News New Travel Ban by President Trump Could be Announced Monday Hackers Accessed Private Email of Mike Pence While He Was Governor President Trump’s First Address Optimistic Trump Asking for Steep Increases in Spending for Military President Trump Wants the Largest Nuclear Arsenal © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Super Micro Computer Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Super Micro Computer Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Scotiabank Reiterates Outperform Rating for Advantage Oil & Gas Ltd. (AAV) Raymond James Financial, Inc. Raises Canadian Apartment Properties REIT (CAR.UN) Price Target to C$35.00 Bank of Nova Scotia (BNS) PT Raised to C$86.00 at Desjardins Scotiabank Boosts Avigilon Corp (AVO) Price Target to C$16.00 LPL Financial Holdings Inc (lpla) to Issue Quarterly Dividend of $0.25 on March 24th Brokers Issue Forecasts for Babcock & Wilcox Enterprises Inc’s Q1 2017 Earnings (BW) Ideal Power Inc. (IPWR) Insider Buys $19,812.00 in Stock Cameco Corp (CCO) Director James Allan Dobchuk Buys 1,470 Shares Fossil Group Inc (FOSL) PT Lowered to $12.00 TD Securities Reiterates “Buy” Rating for Cascades Inc (CAS) Edge Therapeutics Inc (EDGE) Rating Reiterated by Leerink Swann Beaufort Securities Reaffirms “Speculative Buy” Rating for Amryt Pharma PLC (AMYT) Tritax Big Box REIT PLC (BBOX) Receives “Hold” Rating from Liberum Capital Deutsche Bank AG Boosts G4S plc (GFS) Price Target to GBX 230 Old Line Bancshares, Inc. (MD) (olbk) To Go Ex-Dividend on March 8th Pernix Therapeutics Holdings Inc (PTX) Scheduled to Post Earnings on Wednesday Savanna Energy Services Corp. (SVY) Scheduled to Post Earnings on Wednesday William Blair Analysts Increase Earnings Estimates for 3D Systems Co. (DDD) Carrols Restaurant Group, Inc. (TAST) PT Lowered to $17.00 United Continental Holdings Inc (UAL) Rating Reiterated by Sanford C. Bernstein Super Micro Computer, Inc. (SMCI) VP Sells $52,780.00 in Stock March 6th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Tyrone Williams Filed Under: Finance - Insider Trades Tweet Super Micro Computer, Inc. (NASDAQ:SMCI) VP Cheng-Hsien Phidias Chou sold 2,000 shares of the stock in a transaction that occurred on Tuesday, February 28th. The shares were sold at an average price of $26.39, for a total value of $52,780.00. Following the transaction, the vice president now owns 1,000 shares in the company, valued at approximately $26,390. The sale was disclosed in a document filed with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which can be accessed through this hyperlink. Cheng-Hsien Phidias Chou also recently made the following trade(s): On Monday, February 27th, Cheng-Hsien Phidias Chou sold 1,000 shares of Super Micro Computer stock. The shares were sold at an average price of $26.41, for a total value of $26,410.00. Super Micro Computer, Inc. (NASDAQ:SMCI) opened at 24.90 on Monday. The company has a 50-day moving average price of $26.79 and a 200 day moving average price of $25.01. The company has a market capitalization of $1.20 billion, a PE ratio of 21.80 and a beta of 0.27. Super Micro Computer, Inc. has a 12 month low of $18.60 and a 12 month high of $34.69. Super Micro Computer (NASDAQ:SMCI) last posted its earnings results on Thursday, January 26th. The company reported $0.48 earnings per share for the quarter, topping analysts’ consensus estimates of $0.46 by $0.02. The business had revenue of $651.90 million for the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $608.40 million. Super Micro Computer had a return on equity of 8.14% and a net margin of 2.64%. The firm’s revenue was up 2.0% compared to the same quarter last year. During the same period in the previous year, the firm earned $0.73 EPS. On average, equities research analysts forecast that Super Micro Computer, Inc. will post $1.63 EPS for the current fiscal year. “Super Micro Computer, Inc. (SMCI) VP Sells $52,780.00 in Stock” was originally reported by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are reading this piece on another website, it was copied illegally and republished in violation of U.S. & international trademark and copyright legislation. The correct version of this piece can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/03/06/super-micro-computer-inc-smci-vp-sells-52780-00-in-stock.html. SMCI has been the subject of several research reports. Roth Capital raised Super Micro Computer from a “neutral” rating to a “buy” rating in a research report on Friday, January 20th. DA Davidson raised Super Micro Computer from a “neutral” rating to a “buy” rating and increased their price objective for the company from $25.00 to $32.00 in a research report on Wednesday, November 30th. Needham & Company LLC reissued a “buy” rating and issued a $33.00 price objective on shares of Super Micro Computer in a research report on Friday, February 24th. Susquehanna Bancshares Inc increased their price objective on Super Micro Computer from $27.00 to $33.00 and gave the company a “positive” rating in a research report on Friday, January 27th. Finally, Maxim Group increased their price objective on Super Micro Computer from $37.00 to $40.00 and gave the company a “buy” rating in a research report on Friday, January 27th. Two equities research analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and seven have issued a buy rating to the stock. The stock has an average rating of “Buy” and a consensus price target of $31.63. Hedge funds and other institutional investors have recently bought and sold shares of the company. Pacad Investment Ltd. purchased a new position in Super Micro Computer during the fourth quarter valued at $118,000. Teacher Retirement System of Texas raised its position in Super Micro Computer by 13.7% in the second quarter. Teacher Retirement System of Texas now owns 5,331 shares of the company’s stock valued at $132,000 after buying an additional 644 shares during the last quarter. Municipal Employees Retirement System of Michigan raised its position in Super Micro Computer by 1.7% in the third quarter. Municipal Employees Retirement System of Michigan now owns 8,270 shares of the company’s stock valued at $193,000 after buying an additional 140 shares during the last quarter. Partnervest Advisory Services LLC raised its position in Super Micro Computer by 7.5% in the second quarter. Partnervest Advisory Services LLC now owns 10,144 shares of the company’s stock valued at $252,000 after buying an additional 710 shares during the last quarter. Finally, JPMorgan Chase & Co. raised its position in Super Micro Computer by 1,290.8% in the second quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 14,395 shares of the company’s stock valued at $358,000 after buying an additional 13,360 shares during the last quarter. 68.61% of the stock is currently owned by institutional investors and hedge funds. Super Micro Computer Company Profile Super Micro Computer, Inc is engaged in developing and providing end-to-end green computing solutions to the cloud computing, data center, enterprise information technology (IT), big data, high performance computing (HPC) and Internet of Things (IoT)/embedded markets. The Company’s solutions range from server, storage, blade and workstations to full racks, networking devices, server management software and technology support and services. Receive News & Ratings for Super Micro Computer Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Super Micro Computer Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News New Travel Ban by President Trump Could be Announced Monday Hackers Accessed Private Email of Mike Pence While He Was Governor President Trump’s First Address Optimistic Trump Asking for Steep Increases in Spending for Military President Trump Wants the Largest Nuclear Arsenal © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Chatham Lodging Trust - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Chatham Lodging Trust with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Scotiabank Reiterates Outperform Rating for Advantage Oil & Gas Ltd. (AAV) Raymond James Financial, Inc. Raises Canadian Apartment Properties REIT (CAR.UN) Price Target to C$35.00 Bank of Nova Scotia (BNS) PT Raised to C$86.00 at Desjardins Scotiabank Boosts Avigilon Corp (AVO) Price Target to C$16.00 LPL Financial Holdings Inc (lpla) to Issue Quarterly Dividend of $0.25 on March 24th Brokers Issue Forecasts for Babcock & Wilcox Enterprises Inc’s Q1 2017 Earnings (BW) Ideal Power Inc. (IPWR) Insider Buys $19,812.00 in Stock Cameco Corp (CCO) Director James Allan Dobchuk Buys 1,470 Shares Fossil Group Inc (FOSL) PT Lowered to $12.00 TD Securities Reiterates “Buy” Rating for Cascades Inc (CAS) Edge Therapeutics Inc (EDGE) Rating Reiterated by Leerink Swann Beaufort Securities Reaffirms “Speculative Buy” Rating for Amryt Pharma PLC (AMYT) Tritax Big Box REIT PLC (BBOX) Receives “Hold” Rating from Liberum Capital Deutsche Bank AG Boosts G4S plc (GFS) Price Target to GBX 230 Old Line Bancshares, Inc. (MD) (olbk) To Go Ex-Dividend on March 8th Pernix Therapeutics Holdings Inc (PTX) Scheduled to Post Earnings on Wednesday Savanna Energy Services Corp. (SVY) Scheduled to Post Earnings on Wednesday William Blair Analysts Increase Earnings Estimates for 3D Systems Co. (DDD) Carrols Restaurant Group, Inc. (TAST) PT Lowered to $17.00 United Continental Holdings Inc (UAL) Rating Reiterated by Sanford C. Bernstein Chatham Lodging Trust (CLDT) Downgraded by Zacks Investment Research March 6th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Trevor Kearing Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Finance Tweet Zacks Investment Research cut shares of Chatham Lodging Trust (NYSE:CLDT) from a hold rating to a sell rating in a research report released on Tuesday morning. According to Zacks, “Chatham Lodging Trust is a self-advised hotel REIT, formed to invest in premium-branded upscale extended-stay and select-service hotels. The Company intends to invest primarily in hotels in large metropolitan markets in the United States. Chatham Lodging Trust expects that a significant portion of its portfolio will consist of hotels in the upscale extended-stay market, including brands such as Residence Inn by Marriott, Homewood Suites by Hilton and Summerfield Suites by Hyatt. It also intends to invest in premium-branded select-service hotels such as Courtyard by Marriott, Hampton Inn and Hampton Inn and Suites. “ A number of other research firms have also commented on CLDT. Stifel Nicolaus upped their price target on shares of Chatham Lodging Trust to $19.00 in a report on Thursday, February 23rd. Barclays PLC reiterated a hold rating and set a $18.00 price target on shares of Chatham Lodging Trust in a report on Monday, November 7th. Cantor Fitzgerald reiterated a hold rating and set a $18.00 price target on shares of Chatham Lodging Trust in a report on Thursday, February 23rd. TheStreet upgraded shares of Chatham Lodging Trust from a hold rating to a buy rating in a report on Tuesday, December 20th. Finally, FBR & Co lowered their price target on shares of Chatham Lodging Trust from $22.00 to $20.00 and set a mkt perform rating for the company in a report on Monday, November 7th. One research analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, four have assigned a hold rating and one has issued a buy rating to the company. The company presently has a consensus rating of Hold and a consensus target price of $19.40. Chatham Lodging Trust (NYSE:CLDT) traded down 0.547% on Tuesday, hitting $19.801. 51,024 shares of the company’s stock were exchanged. The stock has a market cap of $757.51 million, a P/E ratio of 24.446 and a beta of 0.98. Chatham Lodging Trust has a 52-week low of $16.45 and a 52-week high of $24.80. The firm has a 50 day moving average price of $20.45 and a 200-day moving average price of $19.83. “Chatham Lodging Trust (CLDT) Downgraded by Zacks Investment Research” was reported by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are accessing this news story on another website, it was stolen and reposted in violation of US and international trademark and copyright law. The correct version of this news story can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/03/06/chatham-lodging-trust-cldt-downgraded-by-zacks-investment-research.html. The business also recently disclosed a monthly dividend, which will be paid on Friday, March 31st. Shareholders of record on Tuesday, February 28th will be given a dividend of $0.11 per share. This represents a $1.32 dividend on an annualized basis and a yield of 6.63%. The ex-dividend date is Friday, February 24th. Chatham Lodging Trust’s payout ratio is currently 155.30%. Hedge funds and other institutional investors have recently modified their holdings of the stock. Prudential Financial Inc. increased its position in shares of Chatham Lodging Trust by 49.1% in the third quarter. Prudential Financial Inc. now owns 233,303 shares of the company’s stock worth $4,491,000 after buying an additional 76,820 shares during the last quarter. Schwab Charles Investment Management Inc. increased its position in shares of Chatham Lodging Trust by 1.8% in the second quarter. Schwab Charles Investment Management Inc. now owns 133,931 shares of the company’s stock worth $2,944,000 after buying an additional 2,340 shares during the last quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. increased its position in shares of Chatham Lodging Trust by 32.6% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 193,067 shares of the company’s stock worth $3,717,000 after buying an additional 47,497 shares during the last quarter. Boston Partners increased its position in shares of Chatham Lodging Trust by 7.2% in the third quarter. Boston Partners now owns 1,098,125 shares of the company’s stock worth $21,139,000 after buying an additional 73,375 shares during the last quarter. Finally, Citadel Advisors LLC bought a new position in shares of Chatham Lodging Trust during the third quarter worth about $737,000. 85.17% of the stock is currently owned by institutional investors and hedge funds. About Chatham Lodging Trust Chatham Lodging Trust is a real estate investment trust (REIT) organized to invest primarily in premium-branded upscale extended-stay and select-service hotels. The Company’s assets are held by, and all of its operations are conducted through Chatham Lodging, L.P (Operating Partnership). The Operating Partnership and its subsidiaries lease the Company’s hotels. Get a free copy of the Zacks research report on Chatham Lodging Trust (CLDT) For more information about research offerings from Zacks Investment Research, visit Zacks.com Receive News & Ratings for Chatham Lodging Trust Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Chatham Lodging Trust and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News New Travel Ban by President Trump Could be Announced Monday Hackers Accessed Private Email of Mike Pence While He Was Governor President Trump’s First Address Optimistic Trump Asking for Steep Increases in Spending for Military President Trump Wants the Largest Nuclear Arsenal © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Marathon Petroleum Corp - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Marathon Petroleum Corp with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Eyegate Pharmaceuticals Inc (EYEG) Director Morton Goldberg Sells 8,919 Shares Genie Energy Ltd. (GNE) Director James A. Courter Sells 5,000 Shares Insider Selling: Enterprise Products Partners L.P. (EPD) Insider Sells 15,000 Shares of Stock Ascena Retail Group Inc (ASNA) Issues FY17 Earnings Guidance Goldman Sachs Group Inc Reaffirms Neutral Rating for General Motors Company (GM) Korn/Ferry International (KFY) Posts Earnings Results Marvell Technology Group Ltd. (MRVL) Price Target Increased to $17.00 by Analysts at Benchmark Co. Immersion Co. (IMMR) Lowered to “Hold” at Craig Hallum Autodesk, Inc. (ADSK) Price Target Raised to $99.00 at Griffin Securities Marcus Corp (MCS) – Analysts’ Weekly Ratings Changes Saga Communications, Inc. to Issue Quarterly Dividend of $0.30 (SGA) Alphabet Inc (GOOGL) Given “Outperform” Rating at BMO Capital Markets Endeavour Silver Corp (EXK) Downgraded by Zacks Investment Research to “Strong Sell” Moody’s Corporation (MCO) Upgraded to Buy by Zacks Investment Research Caterpillar’s (CAT) “Hold” Rating Reaffirmed at Jefferies Group LLC ACI Worldwide Inc (ACIW) Lowered to “Market Perform” at Avondale Partners Edge Therapeutics Inc (EDGE) Now Covered by Analysts at Leerink Swann Burlington Stores Inc (BURL) Price Target Raised to $97.00 at Royal Bank of Canada La Jolla Pharmaceutical Company (LJPC) Stake Held by Tang Capital Partners LP Best Buy Co’s (BBY) “Buy” Rating Reaffirmed at Credit Suisse Group AG Bowling Portfolio Management LLC Has $1,966,000 Position in Marathon Petroleum Corp (MPC) March 6th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Stacy Sanders Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Bowling Portfolio Management LLC reduced its stake in shares of Marathon Petroleum Corp (NYSE:MPC) by 4.7% during the fourth quarter, according to its most recent disclosure with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). The firm owned 39,042 shares of the company’s stock after selling 1,912 shares during the period. Bowling Portfolio Management LLC’s holdings in Marathon Petroleum Corp were worth $1,966,000 as of its most recent filing with the SEC. A number of other large investors have also recently bought and sold shares of the stock. Marathon Capital Management raised its stake in Marathon Petroleum Corp by 0.3% in the third quarter. Marathon Capital Management now owns 6,321 shares of the company’s stock valued at $257,000 after buying an additional 18 shares during the period. First National Trust Co. raised its stake in shares of Marathon Petroleum Corp by 0.3% in the third quarter. First National Trust Co. now owns 8,326 shares of the company’s stock valued at $338,000 after buying an additional 28 shares during the last quarter. Kanaly Trust Co raised its stake in shares of Marathon Petroleum Corp by 0.5% in the third quarter. Kanaly Trust Co now owns 6,510 shares of the company’s stock valued at $264,000 after buying an additional 32 shares during the last quarter. Alpha Windward LLC raised its stake in shares of Marathon Petroleum Corp by 0.9% in the third quarter. Alpha Windward LLC now owns 4,237 shares of the company’s stock valued at $172,000 after buying an additional 37 shares during the last quarter. Finally, Altfest L J & Co. Inc. raised its stake in shares of Marathon Petroleum Corp by 0.6% in the third quarter. Altfest L J & Co. Inc. now owns 6,696 shares of the company’s stock valued at $272,000 after buying an additional 37 shares during the last quarter. Hedge funds and other institutional investors own 78.16% of the company’s stock. Marathon Petroleum Corp (NYSE:MPC) traded down 0.92% during trading on Monday, hitting $50.80. 1,404,439 shares of the company’s stock were exchanged. The firm has a 50 day moving average price of $49.47 and a 200 day moving average price of $45.96. The company has a market cap of $26.81 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 22.99 and a beta of 1.74. Marathon Petroleum Corp has a 52-week low of $32.02 and a 52-week high of $54.59. Marathon Petroleum Corp (NYSE:MPC) last posted its earnings results on Wednesday, February 1st. The company reported $0.43 EPS for the quarter, beating analysts’ consensus estimates of $0.26 by $0.17. The business had revenue of $17.28 billion for the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $14.54 billion. Marathon Petroleum Corp had a net margin of 1.85% and a return on equity of 5.74%. The company’s revenue for the quarter was up 10.2% on a year-over-year basis. During the same quarter last year, the firm posted $0.79 EPS. On average, equities research analysts predict that Marathon Petroleum Corp will post $3.00 earnings per share for the current year. The firm also recently announced a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Friday, March 10th. Shareholders of record on Thursday, February 16th will be given a dividend of $0.36 per share. This represents a $1.44 dividend on an annualized basis and a yield of 2.81%. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Tuesday, February 14th. Marathon Petroleum Corp’s dividend payout ratio (DPR) is 65.16%. This report was first posted by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are viewing this report on another website, it was illegally copied and reposted in violation of United States & international copyright & trademark law. The original version of this report can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/03/06/bowling-portfolio-management-llc-has-1966000-position-in-marathon-petroleum-corp-mpc.html. MPC has been the subject of several research analyst reports. JPMorgan Chase & Co. upgraded shares of Marathon Petroleum Corp from a “neutral” rating to an “overweight” rating and raised their price target for the stock from $46.00 to $57.00 in a research note on Wednesday, December 7th. Credit Suisse Group AG reiterated a “buy” rating and issued a $63.00 price objective on shares of Marathon Petroleum Corp in a research note on Sunday, February 5th. Barclays PLC reduced their price objective on shares of Marathon Petroleum Corp from $68.00 to $62.00 and set an “overweight” rating for the company in a research note on Thursday, February 2nd. Bank of America Corp set a $59.00 price objective on shares of Marathon Petroleum Corp and gave the company a “buy” rating in a research note on Monday, November 28th. Finally, Jefferies Group LLC reduced their price objective on shares of Marathon Petroleum Corp from $62.00 to $61.00 and set a “buy” rating for the company in a research note on Monday, January 23rd. Four investment analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating, nine have given a buy rating and three have assigned a strong buy rating to the company’s stock. The company presently has an average rating of “Buy” and a consensus target price of $55.63. In other Marathon Petroleum Corp news, Director Charles E. Bunch bought 2,000 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction on Thursday, February 9th. The shares were acquired at an average price of $49.94 per share, with a total value of $99,880.00. Following the transaction, the director now owns 8,776 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $438,273.44. The purchase was disclosed in a document filed with the SEC, which is accessible through this hyperlink. Company insiders own 1.03% of the company’s stock. Marathon Petroleum Corp Company Profile Marathon Petroleum Corporation is engaged in petroleum product refining, marketing, retail and transportation businesses in the United States and the east of the Mississippi. The Company’s segments include Refining & Marketing, Speedway, and Midstream. Its Refining & Marketing segment refines crude oil and other feedstocks at its approximately seven refineries in the Gulf Coast and Midwest regions of the United States, purchases ethanol and refined products for resale and distributes refined products. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding MPC? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Marathon Petroleum Corp (NYSE:MPC). Receive News & Ratings for Marathon Petroleum Corp Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Marathon Petroleum Corp and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News New Travel Ban by President Trump Could be Announced Monday Hackers Accessed Private Email of Mike Pence While He Was Governor President Trump’s First Address Optimistic Trump Asking for Steep Increases in Spending for Military President Trump Wants the Largest Nuclear Arsenal © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Sports Listen Menu Pay & Benefits Workforce Tech Management Acquisition Defense Congress Causey Pay & Benefits News Pay Benefits Retirement TSP Shows Your Turn For Your Benefit Expert Insights Workforce News OPM Cyber Breach OPM Hiring/Retention SES Facilities/Construction Workforce Rights/Governance Unions News Facilities/Construction Workforce Rights/Governance Unions Shows FEDtalk Fed Access Tech News Cybersecurity Cloud Computing Mobility Big Data Open Data/Transparency Digital Government News Big Data Open Data/Transparency Digital Government Shows Ask the CIO Federal Executive Forum Federal Tech Talk Expert Insights Management News OMB Budget Sequestration Agency Oversight SES People News Agency Oversight SES People Shows Agency of the Month Business of Government Hour Expert Insights Women of Washington Acquisition News Contracts/Awards Acquisition Policy Industry/Associations Shows Amtower Off-Center Off the Shelf Ready To Prime What’s Working in Washington Defense News Army Air Force Navy Marine Corps DISA Other DoD Agencies Defense Industry News DISA Other DoD Agencies Defense Industry Shows On DoD Pentagon Solutions Expert Insights Congress News Legislation Hearings/Oversight Budget Sequestration Causey News Federal Report Causey Awards Shows Your Turn Trending: EPA•Social Media•COLA•Workforce•Mike Causey•Multimedia Gallery Headlines Get Email Alerts Business News Home » The Associated Press » Business News » Asian shares mostly higher… Asian shares mostly higher despite pullback on Wall Street By MARLEY JAY and The Associated Press March 6, 2017 10:16 pm 2 min read Share TOKYO (AP) — Asian shares were mostly higher on Tuesday with little major news to drive trading. Japan’s benchmark edged lower, while Hong Kong’s Hang Seng index rose as China’s finance minister expressed confidence over the government’s ability to handle rising levels of debt. KEEPING SCORE: The Nikkei 225 stock index in Tokyo edged 0.2 percent lower to 19,345.49 but most other indexes gained. The Hang Seng gained 0.3 percent to 23,673.80 and the Shanghai Composite index was flat at 3,234.76. Australia’s S&P ASX 200 climbed 0.2 percent to 5,755.10 and South Korea’s Kospi was up 0.5 percent to 2,091.14. Shares in Taiwan and Southeast Asia were higher. WALL STREET: U.S. stocks finished lower Monday for the second time in the last three trading days, with losses in banks, investment firms and insurance companies. The Standard & Poor’s 500 index lost 0.3 percent to 2,375.31, the Dow Jones industrial average shed 0.2 percent to 20,954.34 and the Nasdaq composite fell 0.4 percent to 5,849.17. Some analysts have turned cautious after the rapid gains of recent months. Federal employee bill tracker: How pending legislation could affect your bottom line TRUMP WATCH: Without any major financial news to drive trading, investors are watching for the latest developments from the U.S. Federal Reserve and U.S. President Donald Trump. Overnight, Trump’s administration released a revised version of border restrictions for travelers from majority-Muslim countries. Advertisement ANALYST VIEWPOINT: “‘Trump on, Trump off’ (TOTO) is the new ‘risk on, risk off,'” Chris Weston of IG said in a commentary. Trump’s revised travel restrictions for travelers from majority-Muslim countries would have limited impact in Asia, since none of the countries directly affected are in the region. “Again, this story is not really one for markets to be concerned with, but it highlights the lack of news focus in the session.” CHINA CONFIDENCE: China’s financial minister, Xiao Jie, told reporters risks from financing were manageable. “China’s government debt risks are generally within control,” the official Xinhua News Agency cited Xiao as saying on the sidelines of the annual session of the national legislature. He said total net debt amounted to 27.33 trillion yuan (about $3.96 trillion dollars) or about 36.7 percent of the country’s GDP. ENERGY: Benchmark U.S. crude lost 6 cents to $53.14 a barrel in electronic trading on the New York Mercantile Exchange. It gave up 13 cents on Monday to $53.20 a barrel. Brent crude, used to price international oils, lost 9 cents to $55.92 a barrel in London. CURRENCIES: The dollar was nearly unchanged at 113.98 yen. The euro rose to $1.0588 from $1.0582. ___ Topics: All News Business News Health News Leave A Comment Home » The Associated Press » Business News » Asian shares mostly higher… Partners FEDERAL INSIGHTS The Associated Press Government News U.S. News Business News World News Technology News Entertainment News Sports News Today in History 1902: Permanent U.S. Census Bureau established Photos of the amazing, moving, important and amusing things happening in the federal community. Fed Photo of the Day Boiling snow during winter exercises Photos of the amazing, moving, important and amusing things happening in the federal community. Recommended EPA leaders, advocates urge Trump administration to reconsider cuts to budget and workforce Top Story What does a 10 percent budget cut look like for your agency? Management Army seeks help to guard against fake social media accounts Reporter's Notebook DHS finalizing best practices for notifying victims of major cyber breaches Cybersecurity Congress keeping watchful eye over DoD’s electronic health record roll out Defense THRIFT SAVINGS PLAN TICKER Mar 06, 2017 Close Change YTD L Income 18.6779 -0.0069 1.39% L 2020 25.1021 -0.0247 2.42% L 2030 27.8223 -0.0452 3.47% L 2040 29.8837 -0.0585 3.99% L 2050 17.0998 -0.0389 4.47% G Fund 15.2513 0.0030 0.38% F Fund 17.5012 0.0043 0.94% C Fund 32.8805 -0.1070 5.95% S Fund 42.8320 -0.2707 4.66% I Fund 25.7624 0.0033 4.37% Closing price updated at approx 6pm EST. each business day. More at tsp.gov. Email Alerts RSS Feeds News Team Careers Contact Us About Us WTOP Federal Marketing Insights Hubbard Radio Podcast DC Advertise Partners & Events Press Releases Media Kit Radio Shows Sports Copyright © 2016 by Federal News Radio. All rights reserved. Terms of Use Copyright/Usage Policy DMCA Notice Privacy Policy Comment Policy EEO Report FCC Online Public Inspection File
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Morgan Stanley - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Morgan Stanley with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Continental AG (CTTAY) Cut to Hold at Zacks Investment Research Keith A. Sultana Sells 1,046 Shares of Ingersoll-Rand PLC (IR) Stock Goldcorp Inc. (G) Director Sells C$33,415.80 in Stock Loop Capital Reiterates “Buy” Rating for Micron Technology, Inc. (MU) Insider Selling: Trade Desk Inc (TTD) COO Sells 100,000 Shares of Stock Insider Selling: Vitamin Shoppe Inc (VSI) Director Sells 100,000 Shares of Stock Paul A. Jacobson Sells 20,100 Shares of Delta Air Lines, Inc. (DAL) Stock Insider Selling: Electronic Arts Inc. (EA) EVP Sells 10,000 Shares of Stock Beigene Ltd (BGNE) CEO Sells $4,459,149.09 in Stock Sempra Energy (SRE) Director Sells $544,600.00 in Stock Axalta Coating Systems Ltd (AXTA) CFO Sells $518,873.70 in Stock DA Davidson Begins Coverage on WesBanco Inc (WSBC) Research Analysts’ Recent Ratings Updates for Priceline Group (PCLN) Amedisys (AMED) – Investment Analysts’ Weekly Ratings Updates Canadian Pacific Railway Limited (CP) Earns Outperform Rating from Credit Suisse Group AG Insider Buying: Air T, Inc. (AIRT) CEO Purchases 500 Shares of Stock Eyegate Pharmaceuticals Inc (EYEG) Director Morton Goldberg Sells 8,919 Shares Genie Energy Ltd. (GNE) Director James A. Courter Sells 5,000 Shares Insider Selling: Enterprise Products Partners L.P. (EPD) Insider Sells 15,000 Shares of Stock Ascena Retail Group Inc (ASNA) Issues FY17 Earnings Guidance 60,300 Shares in Morgan Stanley (MS) Acquired by Loomis Sayles & Co. L P March 6th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Jeff Wilder Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Loomis Sayles & Co. L P acquired a new stake in Morgan Stanley (NYSE:MS) during the fourth quarter, according to its most recent Form 13F filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). The institutional investor acquired 60,300 shares of the financial services provider’s stock, valued at approximately $2,548,000. Several other hedge funds have also made changes to their positions in the company. Leuthold Group LLC acquired a new stake in shares of Morgan Stanley during the fourth quarter valued at $1,085,000. Discovery Capital Management LLC CT purchased a new position in Morgan Stanley during the fourth quarter valued at approximately $48,137,000. GSA Capital Partners LLP increased its position in Morgan Stanley by 10.1% in the fourth quarter. GSA Capital Partners LLP now owns 62,499 shares of the financial services provider’s stock valued at $2,641,000 after buying an additional 5,755 shares in the last quarter. A.R.T. Advisors LLC increased its position in Morgan Stanley by 297.5% in the fourth quarter. A.R.T. Advisors LLC now owns 62,400 shares of the financial services provider’s stock valued at $2,636,000 after buying an additional 46,700 shares in the last quarter. Finally, Blenheim Capital Management BV purchased a new position in Morgan Stanley during the fourth quarter valued at approximately $314,000. Institutional investors and hedge funds own 85.87% of the company’s stock. Shares of Morgan Stanley (NYSE:MS) traded down 1.13% during midday trading on Monday, reaching $46.30. The company’s stock had a trading volume of 1,828,837 shares. The stock has a market cap of $86.40 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 15.85 and a beta of 1.80. The stock has a 50-day moving average price of $44.55 and a 200-day moving average price of $38.27. Morgan Stanley has a 52-week low of $23.11 and a 52-week high of $47.17. Morgan Stanley (NYSE:MS) last issued its quarterly earnings results on Tuesday, January 17th. The financial services provider reported $0.81 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, topping the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of $0.65 by $0.16. Morgan Stanley had a return on equity of 8.48% and a net margin of 15.76%. The firm earned $9 billion during the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $8.51 billion. During the same quarter in the previous year, the company posted $0.43 earnings per share. The company’s revenue was up 16.6% compared to the same quarter last year. Equities research analysts anticipate that Morgan Stanley will post $3.39 earnings per share for the current fiscal year. The business also recently announced a quarterly dividend, which was paid on Wednesday, February 15th. Stockholders of record on Tuesday, January 31st were paid a $0.20 dividend. This represents a $0.80 dividend on an annualized basis and a dividend yield of 1.71%. The ex-dividend date was Friday, January 27th. Morgan Stanley’s dividend payout ratio (DPR) is presently 27.40%. This story was originally posted by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are reading this story on another publication, it was stolen and republished in violation of United States and international copyright laws. The legal version of this story can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/03/06/60300-shares-in-morgan-stanley-ms-acquired-by-loomis-sayles-co-l-p.html. MS has been the subject of several research reports. Vetr downgraded Morgan Stanley from a “hold” rating to a “sell” rating and set a $32.18 target price for the company. in a research report on Tuesday, November 8th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. reiterated a “buy” rating on shares of Morgan Stanley in a research report on Monday, November 28th. BMO Capital Markets reiterated a “buy” rating on shares of Morgan Stanley in a research report on Tuesday, November 29th. Deutsche Bank AG increased their target price on Morgan Stanley from $34.00 to $43.00 and gave the company a “hold” rating in a research report on Wednesday, November 30th. Finally, Guggenheim reiterated a “buy” rating on shares of Morgan Stanley in a research report on Sunday, December 4th. One equities research analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, thirteen have issued a hold rating and eighteen have issued a buy rating to the company’s stock. The stock has an average rating of “Buy” and an average price target of $38.80. In other news, CFO Paul C. Wirth sold 12,481 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction dated Tuesday, February 14th. The stock was sold at an average price of $46.04, for a total value of $574,625.24. Following the completion of the sale, the chief financial officer now owns 203,557 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $9,371,764.28. The transaction was disclosed in a filing with the SEC, which is available at this hyperlink. Also, Chairman James P. Gorman sold 284,827 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction dated Thursday, January 19th. The shares were sold at an average price of $42.30, for a total value of $12,048,182.10. Following the completion of the sale, the chairman now directly owns 1,346,700 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $56,965,410. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. In the last three months, insiders sold 506,897 shares of company stock valued at $21,781,793. 0.35% of the stock is currently owned by corporate insiders. About Morgan Stanley Morgan Stanley is a financial holding company. The Company is a global financial services firm that, through its subsidiaries and affiliates, advises, and originates, trades, manages and distributes capital for, governments, institutions and individuals. Its segments include Institutional Securities, Wealth Management and Investment Management. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding MS? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Morgan Stanley (NYSE:MS). Receive News & Ratings for Morgan Stanley Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Morgan Stanley and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News New Travel Ban by President Trump Could be Announced Monday Hackers Accessed Private Email of Mike Pence While He Was Governor President Trump’s First Address Optimistic Trump Asking for Steep Increases in Spending for Military President Trump Wants the Largest Nuclear Arsenal © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Lumentum Holdings Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Lumentum Holdings Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Scotiabank Reiterates Outperform Rating for Advantage Oil & Gas Ltd. (AAV) Raymond James Financial, Inc. Raises Canadian Apartment Properties REIT (CAR.UN) Price Target to C$35.00 Bank of Nova Scotia (BNS) PT Raised to C$86.00 at Desjardins Scotiabank Boosts Avigilon Corp (AVO) Price Target to C$16.00 LPL Financial Holdings Inc (lpla) to Issue Quarterly Dividend of $0.25 on March 24th Brokers Issue Forecasts for Babcock & Wilcox Enterprises Inc’s Q1 2017 Earnings (BW) Ideal Power Inc. (IPWR) Insider Buys $19,812.00 in Stock Cameco Corp (CCO) Director James Allan Dobchuk Buys 1,470 Shares Fossil Group Inc (FOSL) PT Lowered to $12.00 TD Securities Reiterates “Buy” Rating for Cascades Inc (CAS) Edge Therapeutics Inc (EDGE) Rating Reiterated by Leerink Swann Beaufort Securities Reaffirms “Speculative Buy” Rating for Amryt Pharma PLC (AMYT) Tritax Big Box REIT PLC (BBOX) Receives “Hold” Rating from Liberum Capital Deutsche Bank AG Boosts G4S plc (GFS) Price Target to GBX 230 Old Line Bancshares, Inc. (MD) (olbk) To Go Ex-Dividend on March 8th Pernix Therapeutics Holdings Inc (PTX) Scheduled to Post Earnings on Wednesday Savanna Energy Services Corp. (SVY) Scheduled to Post Earnings on Wednesday William Blair Analysts Increase Earnings Estimates for 3D Systems Co. (DDD) Carrols Restaurant Group, Inc. (TAST) PT Lowered to $17.00 United Continental Holdings Inc (UAL) Rating Reiterated by Sanford C. Bernstein Lumentum Holdings (LITE) – Research Analysts’ Recent Ratings Changes March 6th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Latisha Jones Filed Under: Analyst Articles - Company Sum - Finance Tweet Lumentum Holdings (NASDAQ: LITE) has recently received a number of price target changes and ratings updates: 2/27/2017 – Lumentum Holdings had its “neutral” rating reaffirmed by analysts at MKM Partners. They now have a $50.00 price target on the stock. They noted that the move was a valuation call. They noted that the move was a valuation call. 2/22/2017 – Lumentum Holdings had its price target raised by analysts at Morgan Stanley from $34.00 to $44.00. They now have an “underweight” rating on the stock. 2/16/2017 – Lumentum Holdings had its “buy” rating reaffirmed by analysts at Stifel Nicolaus. They now have a $57.50 price target on the stock, up previously from $45.00. 2/14/2017 – Lumentum Holdings was upgraded by analysts at Zacks Investment Research from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating. They now have a $53.00 price target on the stock. According to Zacks, “Lumentum Holdings Inc. is a manufacturer of innovative optical and photonic products. The Company’s operating segment consists of Optical Communications and Commercial Lasers. Optical Communications segment portfolio includes products used by Telecom and Datacom nanoelectromechanical systems and traditional as well as cloud/data center service providers. Commercial Lasers segment products serve its customers in markets and applications, such as manufacturing, biotechnology, graphics and imaging, remote sensing and precision machining. Lumentum Holdings Inc. is headquartered in Milpitas, California. “ 2/13/2017 – Lumentum Holdings had its “buy” rating reaffirmed by analysts at B. Riley. They now have a $53.50 price target on the stock. 2/10/2017 – Lumentum Holdings had its “buy” rating reaffirmed by analysts at Stifel Nicolaus. They now have a $57.50 price target on the stock, up previously from $45.00. 2/10/2017 – Lumentum Holdings had its “buy” rating reaffirmed by analysts at MKM Partners. They now have a $50.00 price target on the stock. 2/10/2017 – Lumentum Holdings had its “buy” rating reaffirmed by analysts at Raymond James Financial, Inc.. They now have a $46.00 price target on the stock. 2/8/2017 – Lumentum Holdings had its “buy” rating reaffirmed by analysts at B. Riley. They now have a $53.50 price target on the stock. 2/8/2017 – Lumentum Holdings had its “buy” rating reaffirmed by analysts at Jefferies Group LLC. They now have a $51.50 price target on the stock. 2/8/2017 – Lumentum Holdings had its price target raised by analysts at Barclays PLC from $32.00 to $35.00. They now have an “underweight” rating on the stock. 2/8/2017 – Lumentum Holdings had its “overweight” rating reaffirmed by analysts at JPMorgan Chase & Co.. 2/8/2017 – Lumentum Holdings had its “strong-buy” rating reaffirmed by analysts at Needham & Company LLC. 1/6/2017 – Lumentum Holdings had its “strong-buy” rating reaffirmed by analysts at Needham & Company LLC. 1/5/2017 – Lumentum Holdings had its “buy” rating reaffirmed by analysts at B. Riley. Lumentum Holdings Inc (NASDAQ:LITE) traded down 1.338% during mid-day trading on Monday, hitting $46.075. The stock had a trading volume of 558,181 shares. The firm has a market cap of $2.79 billion, a P/E ratio of 193.592 and a beta of 0.73. The stock has a 50-day moving average price of $42.77 and a 200 day moving average price of $39.74. Lumentum Holdings Inc has a 12-month low of $20.80 and a 12-month high of $53.70. Lumentum Holdings (NASDAQ:LITE) last announced its earnings results on Tuesday, February 7th. The company reported $0.57 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, beating analysts’ consensus estimates of $0.51 by $0.06. The firm earned $265 million during the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $265.66 million. Lumentum Holdings had a return on equity of 17.24% and a net margin of 1.50%. The business’s revenue was up 21.4% on a year-over-year basis. During the same period in the prior year, the firm earned $0.31 EPS. Equities analysts anticipate that Lumentum Holdings Inc will post $2.13 EPS for the current fiscal year. In related news, COO Vincent Retort sold 2,060 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction dated Thursday, February 16th. The stock was sold at an average price of $52.00, for a total value of $107,120.00. Following the completion of the sale, the chief operating officer now directly owns 68,448 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $3,559,296. The sale was disclosed in a legal filing with the SEC, which can be accessed through the SEC website. Also, CEO Alan S. Lowe sold 5,221 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction dated Tuesday, January 17th. The shares were sold at an average price of $36.05, for a total value of $188,217.05. Following the completion of the sale, the chief executive officer now directly owns 140,656 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $5,070,648.80. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Over the last three months, insiders sold 43,220 shares of company stock valued at $2,047,987. Insiders own 0.76% of the company’s stock. Lumentum Holdings Inc is a provider of optical and photonic products for a range of end market applications, including data communications (Datacom) and telecommunications (Telecom) networking and commercial lasers (commercial lasers) for manufacturing, inspection and life-science applications. The Company operates in two segments: Optical Communications (OpComms) and Commercial Lasers (Lasers). Receive News & Ratings for Lumentum Holdings Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Lumentum Holdings Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News New Travel Ban by President Trump Could be Announced Monday Hackers Accessed Private Email of Mike Pence While He Was Governor President Trump’s First Address Optimistic Trump Asking for Steep Increases in Spending for Military President Trump Wants the Largest Nuclear Arsenal © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance AFLAC Incorporated - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for AFLAC Incorporated with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News South32 Ltd (S32) Upgraded by HSBC Holdings plc to Buy Zacks Investment Research Upgrades Liquidity Services, Inc. (LQDT) to Hold Barclays PLC Reiterates “Equal weight” Rating for Go-Ahead Group plc (GOG) Interserve plc (IRV) PT Lowered to GBX 300 at Jefferies Group LLC BT Group plc (BT) Earns “Sell” Rating from Deutsche Bank AG IBERIABANK Corp (IBKC) to Post Q1 2017 Earnings of $0.99 Per Share, SunTrust Banks Forecasts KCAP Financial Inc (KCAP) Set to Announce Earnings on Wednesday DCT Industrial Trust Inc (DCT) Given Consensus Rating of “Hold” by Brokerages Boston Properties, Inc. (BXP) Receives $139.53 Average PT from Brokerages BioCryst Pharmaceuticals (BCRX) – Analysts’ Recent Ratings Updates Paddy Power Betfair Plc’s (PPB) Buy Rating Reiterated at Peel Hunt Mitie Group PLC (MTO) Downgraded to Underperform at Jefferies Group LLC Liquor Stores N.A. Ltd (LIQ) Price Target Cut to C$11.00 Noranda Income Fund (NIF.UN) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by TD Securities Q1 2017 Earnings Forecast for Intra-Cellular Therapies Inc Issued By Leerink Swann (ITCI) Hill International, Inc. (HIL) to Release Earnings on Wednesday GSV Capital Corp (GSVC) to Release Quarterly Earnings on Wednesday Granite Construction Inc. (GVA) Given Consensus Rating of “Buy” by Brokerages Zpg Plc’s (ZPG) Outperform Rating Reaffirmed at Credit Suisse Group AG URU Metals Ltd (URU) Given Corporate Rating at Northland Securities AFLAC Incorporated (AFL) Shares Sold by Focused Wealth Management Inc March 6th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Patrick Bannon Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Focused Wealth Management Inc cut its position in AFLAC Incorporated (NYSE:AFL) by 36.6% during the fourth quarter, according to its most recent 13F filing with the SEC. The fund owned 2,250 shares of the company’s stock after selling 1,300 shares during the period. Focused Wealth Management Inc’s holdings in AFLAC were worth $157,000 as of its most recent filing with the SEC. A number of other hedge funds and other institutional investors have also bought and sold shares of the company. New York Life Trust Co. boosted its position in AFLAC by 7.7% in the third quarter. New York Life Trust Co. now owns 1,550 shares of the company’s stock worth $111,000 after buying an additional 111 shares in the last quarter. Parallel Advisors LLC acquired a new position in AFLAC during the fourth quarter worth approximately $115,000. TLP Group LLC acquired a new position in AFLAC during the third quarter worth approximately $123,000. Mosaic Family Wealth LLC boosted its position in AFLAC by 41.7% in the third quarter. Mosaic Family Wealth LLC now owns 1,766 shares of the company’s stock worth $127,000 after buying an additional 520 shares in the last quarter. Finally, Norway Savings Bank acquired a new position in AFLAC during the fourth quarter worth approximately $152,000. 62.45% of the stock is currently owned by institutional investors. Shares of AFLAC Incorporated (NYSE:AFL) traded down 0.04% during mid-day trading on Monday, hitting $72.24. The stock had a trading volume of 340,724 shares. The stock has a market cap of $29.00 billion, a P/E ratio of 11.25 and a beta of 1.01. AFLAC Incorporated has a one year low of $59.32 and a one year high of $74.50. The firm has a 50 day moving average of $70.42 and a 200-day moving average of $70.95. AFLAC (NYSE:AFL) last released its earnings results on Tuesday, January 31st. The company reported $1.46 earnings per share for the quarter, missing the consensus estimate of $1.63 by $0.17. The firm earned $6 billion during the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $5.65 billion. AFLAC had a net margin of 11.79% and a return on equity of 13.10%. The business’s revenue was up 12.7% compared to the same quarter last year. During the same quarter last year, the business earned $1.56 EPS. Equities research analysts expect that AFLAC Incorporated will post $6.39 earnings per share for the current fiscal year. The company also recently announced a quarterly dividend, which was paid on Wednesday, March 1st. Stockholders of record on Wednesday, February 15th were given a $0.43 dividend. The ex-dividend date was Monday, February 13th. This represents a $1.72 annualized dividend and a dividend yield of 2.38%. AFLAC’s dividend payout ratio (DPR) is presently 26.75%. “AFLAC Incorporated (AFL) Shares Sold by Focused Wealth Management Inc” was first posted by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are accessing this story on another website, it was copied illegally and republished in violation of U.S. & international trademark & copyright laws. The legal version of this story can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/03/06/aflac-incorporated-afl-shares-sold-by-focused-wealth-management-inc.html. AFL has been the topic of a number of research analyst reports. Vetr raised AFLAC from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $74.76 price target on the stock in a report on Tuesday, November 22nd. Evercore ISI raised AFLAC from a “sell” rating to a “hold” rating in a report on Wednesday, January 11th. Deutsche Bank AG reissued a “hold” rating on shares of AFLAC in a report on Monday, December 5th. Citigroup Inc initiated coverage on AFLAC in a report on Thursday, January 26th. They issued a “neutral” rating and a $73.00 price target on the stock. Finally, JPMorgan Chase & Co. raised AFLAC from a “neutral” rating to an “overweight” rating and boosted their price target for the stock from $71.71 to $75.00 in a report on Monday, February 27th. Four investment analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, nine have given a hold rating and three have issued a buy rating to the stock. The stock has a consensus rating of “Hold” and a consensus target price of $70.98. In other news, Director Douglas Wayne Johnson sold 1,400 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Wednesday, March 1st. The stock was sold at an average price of $73.04, for a total value of $102,256.00. Following the transaction, the director now owns 19,287 shares in the company, valued at $1,408,722.48. The transaction was disclosed in a document filed with the SEC, which is accessible through this hyperlink. Also, Director Joseph L. Moskowitz bought 1,000 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction dated Wednesday, December 7th. The stock was purchased at an average price of $68.53 per share, for a total transaction of $68,530.00. Following the transaction, the director now owns 5,750 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $394,047.50. The disclosure for this purchase can be found here. In the last 90 days, insiders sold 54,319 shares of company stock worth $3,832,860. Company insiders own 3.90% of the company’s stock. About AFLAC Aflac Incorporated is a business holding company. The Company engaged in is supplemental health and life insurance, which is marketed and administered through its subsidiary, American Family Life Assurance Company of Columbus (Aflac). Aflac’s insurance business consists of two segments: Aflac Japan and Aflac U.S. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding AFL? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for AFLAC Incorporated (NYSE:AFL). Receive News & Ratings for AFLAC Incorporated Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for AFLAC Incorporated and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News New Travel Ban by President Trump Could be Announced Monday Hackers Accessed Private Email of Mike Pence While He Was Governor President Trump’s First Address Optimistic Trump Asking for Steep Increases in Spending for Military President Trump Wants the Largest Nuclear Arsenal © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Relx NV - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Relx NV with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Scotiabank Reiterates Outperform Rating for Advantage Oil & Gas Ltd. (AAV) Raymond James Financial, Inc. Raises Canadian Apartment Properties REIT (CAR.UN) Price Target to C$35.00 Bank of Nova Scotia (BNS) PT Raised to C$86.00 at Desjardins Scotiabank Boosts Avigilon Corp (AVO) Price Target to C$16.00 LPL Financial Holdings Inc (lpla) to Issue Quarterly Dividend of $0.25 on March 24th Brokers Issue Forecasts for Babcock & Wilcox Enterprises Inc’s Q1 2017 Earnings (BW) Ideal Power Inc. (IPWR) Insider Buys $19,812.00 in Stock Cameco Corp (CCO) Director James Allan Dobchuk Buys 1,470 Shares Fossil Group Inc (FOSL) PT Lowered to $12.00 TD Securities Reiterates “Buy” Rating for Cascades Inc (CAS) Edge Therapeutics Inc (EDGE) Rating Reiterated by Leerink Swann Beaufort Securities Reaffirms “Speculative Buy” Rating for Amryt Pharma PLC (AMYT) Tritax Big Box REIT PLC (BBOX) Receives “Hold” Rating from Liberum Capital Deutsche Bank AG Boosts G4S plc (GFS) Price Target to GBX 230 Old Line Bancshares, Inc. (MD) (olbk) To Go Ex-Dividend on March 8th Pernix Therapeutics Holdings Inc (PTX) Scheduled to Post Earnings on Wednesday Savanna Energy Services Corp. (SVY) Scheduled to Post Earnings on Wednesday William Blair Analysts Increase Earnings Estimates for 3D Systems Co. (DDD) Carrols Restaurant Group, Inc. (TAST) PT Lowered to $17.00 United Continental Holdings Inc (UAL) Rating Reiterated by Sanford C. Bernstein Relx NV (RENX) Raised to “Buy” at Zacks Investment Research March 6th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Stacy Sanders Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Finance Tweet Zacks Investment Research upgraded shares of Relx NV (NYSE:RENX) from a hold rating to a buy rating in a research note published on Tuesday morning. Zacks Investment Research currently has $20.00 price objective on the stock. According to Zacks, “RELX NV provides professional information solutions primarily in North America and Europe. The company’s operating segments consists of Scientific, Technical & Medical; Risk & Business Information; Legal, and Exhibitions. Scientific, Technical & Medical segment provides information and tools to help customers improve scientific and healthcare outcomes. Risk & Business Information segment provides data and analytics which enable customers to evaluate and manage risk. Legal segment provides legal, regulatory, news, business information and analysis to legal, corporate, Government and academic customers. Exhibitions segment, through the subsidiary Reed Exhibitions, organizes market events relevant to industry needs. RELX NV, formerly known as Reed Elsevier NV, is based in Amsterdam, the Netherlands. “ Shares of Relx NV (NYSE:RENX) opened at 17.83 on Tuesday. Relx NV has a one year low of $14.92 and a one year high of $18.34. The stock has a market capitalization of $36.42 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 25.77 and a beta of 1.03. The firm’s 50-day moving average is $17.12 and its 200-day moving average is $16.92. This piece of content was first published by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are viewing this piece of content on another domain, it was illegally copied and reposted in violation of United States & international copyright and trademark law. The original version of this piece of content can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/03/06/relx-nv-renx-raised-to-buy-at-zacks-investment-research.html. The firm also recently declared a semiannual dividend, which will be paid on Thursday, May 25th. Stockholders of record on Friday, April 28th will be paid a dividend of $0.319 per share. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Wednesday, April 26th. This represents a dividend yield of 3.59%. Several large investors have recently modified their holdings of RENX. Smithfield Trust Co. raised its stake in shares of Relx NV by 2.8% in the third quarter. Smithfield Trust Co. now owns 7,083 shares of the company’s stock worth $126,000 after buying an additional 190 shares during the last quarter. Aperio Group LLC raised its stake in shares of Relx NV by 0.8% in the third quarter. Aperio Group LLC now owns 64,319 shares of the company’s stock worth $1,149,000 after buying an additional 502 shares in the last quarter. Gilman Hill Asset Management LLC raised its stake in shares of Relx NV by 3.0% in the third quarter. Gilman Hill Asset Management LLC now owns 52,056 shares of the company’s stock worth $930,000 after buying an additional 1,525 shares in the last quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. raised its stake in shares of Relx NV by 2.3% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 80,617 shares of the company’s stock worth $1,440,000 after buying an additional 1,800 shares in the last quarter. Finally, Citadel Advisors LLC raised its stake in shares of Relx NV by 27.8% in the third quarter. Citadel Advisors LLC now owns 14,538 shares of the company’s stock worth $260,000 after buying an additional 3,161 shares in the last quarter. Institutional investors and hedge funds own 1.24% of the company’s stock. Relx NV Company Profile RELX NV is a Netherlands-based company holding shares in RELX Group plc. RELX Group plc is a global provider of information and analytics for professional and business customers across industries. RELX Group plc serves customers in more than 180 countries. The Company operates in four market segments. Get a free copy of the Zacks research report on Relx NV (RENX) For more information about research offerings from Zacks Investment Research, visit Zacks.com Receive News & Ratings for Relx NV Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Relx NV and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News New Travel Ban by President Trump Could be Announced Monday Hackers Accessed Private Email of Mike Pence While He Was Governor President Trump’s First Address Optimistic Trump Asking for Steep Increases in Spending for Military President Trump Wants the Largest Nuclear Arsenal © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Brown & Brown Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Brown & Brown Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Simon Litherland Buys 22 Shares of Britvic Plc (BVIC) Stock Vetr Inc. Upgrades Check Point Software Technologies Ltd. (CHKP) to “Strong-Buy” Express Scripts Holding Company (ESRX) Upgraded to “Strong-Buy” by Vetr Inc. Tableau Software Inc (DATA) Upgraded to “Strong-Buy” at Vetr Inc. Macy's Inc (M) Stock Rating Upgraded by Vetr Inc. Continental AG (CTTAY) Cut to Hold at Zacks Investment Research Keith A. Sultana Sells 1,046 Shares of Ingersoll-Rand PLC (IR) Stock Goldcorp Inc. (G) Director Sells C$33,415.80 in Stock Loop Capital Reiterates “Buy” Rating for Micron Technology, Inc. (MU) Insider Selling: Trade Desk Inc (TTD) COO Sells 100,000 Shares of Stock Insider Selling: Vitamin Shoppe Inc (VSI) Director Sells 100,000 Shares of Stock Paul A. Jacobson Sells 20,100 Shares of Delta Air Lines, Inc. (DAL) Stock Insider Selling: Electronic Arts Inc. (EA) EVP Sells 10,000 Shares of Stock Beigene Ltd (BGNE) CEO Sells $4,459,149.09 in Stock Sempra Energy (SRE) Director Sells $544,600.00 in Stock Axalta Coating Systems Ltd (AXTA) CFO Sells $518,873.70 in Stock DA Davidson Begins Coverage on WesBanco Inc (WSBC) Research Analysts’ Recent Ratings Updates for Priceline Group (PCLN) Amedisys (AMED) – Investment Analysts’ Weekly Ratings Updates Canadian Pacific Railway Limited (CP) Earns Outperform Rating from Credit Suisse Group AG Brown & Brown, Inc. (BRO) Stake Lowered by Metropolitan Life Insurance Co. NY March 6th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Jeff Wilder Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Metropolitan Life Insurance Co. NY cut its stake in Brown & Brown, Inc. (NYSE:BRO) by 0.1% during the fourth quarter, according to its most recent Form 13F filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). The firm owned 107,745 shares of the company’s stock after selling 134 shares during the period. Metropolitan Life Insurance Co. NY owned approximately 0.08% of Brown & Brown worth $4,833,000 as of its most recent filing with the SEC. Other hedge funds have also recently bought and sold shares of the company. Vaughan Nelson Investment Management L.P. raised its stake in Brown & Brown by 6.6% in the second quarter. Vaughan Nelson Investment Management L.P. now owns 2,379,425 shares of the company’s stock valued at $89,156,000 after buying an additional 147,400 shares during the last quarter. SevenBridge Financial Group LLC purchased a new stake in Brown & Brown during the second quarter valued at about $402,000. Legal & General Group Plc raised its stake in Brown & Brown by 0.4% in the second quarter. Legal & General Group Plc now owns 477,795 shares of the company’s stock valued at $17,903,000 after buying an additional 1,721 shares during the last quarter. Amalgamated Bank raised its stake in Brown & Brown by 14.7% in the second quarter. Amalgamated Bank now owns 16,068 shares of the company’s stock valued at $591,000 after buying an additional 2,060 shares during the last quarter. Finally, Stifel Financial Corp raised its stake in Brown & Brown by 5.4% in the second quarter. Stifel Financial Corp now owns 108,682 shares of the company’s stock valued at $4,073,000 after buying an additional 5,598 shares during the last quarter. Hedge funds and other institutional investors own 72.27% of the company’s stock. Shares of Brown & Brown, Inc. (NYSE:BRO) traded down 0.67% during midday trading on Monday, hitting $43.31. 88,721 shares of the stock were exchanged. Brown & Brown, Inc. has a 52-week low of $32.87 and a 52-week high of $45.77. The firm’s 50 day moving average price is $43.14 and its 200-day moving average price is $40.68. The stock has a market cap of $6.06 billion, a P/E ratio of 23.80 and a beta of 0.73. Brown & Brown (NYSE:BRO) last released its quarterly earnings data on Monday, January 23rd. The company reported $0.42 EPS for the quarter, topping the consensus estimate of $0.41 by $0.01. Brown & Brown had a return on equity of 11.57% and a net margin of 14.57%. The company earned $433.60 million during the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $431.30 million. During the same period last year, the company earned $0.38 EPS. Brown & Brown’s revenue for the quarter was up 7.1% on a year-over-year basis. On average, equities research analysts expect that Brown & Brown, Inc. will post $1.88 earnings per share for the current fiscal year. The firm also recently disclosed a quarterly dividend, which was paid on Wednesday, February 15th. Investors of record on Friday, February 3rd were issued a $0.135 dividend. The ex-dividend date was Wednesday, February 1st. This represents a $0.54 annualized dividend and a yield of 1.25%. Brown & Brown’s payout ratio is 29.67%. “Brown & Brown, Inc. (BRO) Stake Lowered by Metropolitan Life Insurance Co. NY” was originally published by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are reading this piece of content on another site, it was illegally stolen and reposted in violation of international copyright legislation. The original version of this piece of content can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/03/06/brown-brown-inc-bro-stake-lowered-by-metropolitan-life-insurance-co-ny.html. BRO has been the subject of several recent analyst reports. Zacks Investment Research lowered shares of Brown & Brown from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating in a research note on Monday, December 5th. BMO Capital Markets upgraded shares of Brown & Brown from an “underperform” rating to a “market perform” rating and increased their price target for the company from $37.00 to $46.00 in a research report on Monday, December 12th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. upgraded shares of Brown & Brown from an “underweight” rating to a “neutral” rating in a research report on Friday, December 16th. Langen Mcalenn restated a “buy” rating on shares of Brown & Brown in a research report on Friday, December 30th. Finally, Barclays PLC restated a “sell” rating and set a $39.00 price target on shares of Brown & Brown in a research report on Monday, January 9th. Two investment analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, ten have given a hold rating and one has assigned a buy rating to the company’s stock. The stock currently has a consensus rating of “Hold” and a consensus target price of $37.80. About Brown & Brown Brown & Brown, Inc is a diversified insurance agency, wholesale brokerage, insurance programs and service company. The Company markets and sells insurance products and services in the property, casualty and employee benefits areas. It provides customers with non-investment insurance contracts, as well as other targeted, customized risk management products and services. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding BRO? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Brown & Brown, Inc. (NYSE:BRO). Receive News & Ratings for Brown & Brown Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Brown & Brown Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News New Travel Ban by President Trump Could be Announced Monday Hackers Accessed Private Email of Mike Pence While He Was Governor President Trump’s First Address Optimistic Trump Asking for Steep Increases in Spending for Military President Trump Wants the Largest Nuclear Arsenal © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Today’s News What’s Hot B2B Payments Business Wire Retail Reinvention Opinion: Karen Webster Data & Research PYMNTS index Indexes Trackers Exclusive Series Commanders In Chief Series EMV Day 1: The Experts Weigh In Inside Innovation Sizzle or Fizzle? TSYS Digital Journey Company Spotlight Topic TBD Digital Discussions Sign Up #PYMNTalks (PODCASTS) 2016 PYMNTS.com/Alexa Challenge Events Live Shows MATCHMAKERS Report Store Pay-ology Videos Newsletter Signup Today’s News OPINION Karen Webster Data & Research INDEXES TRACKERS Live Shows EVENTS Pay-ology Data Dive Data Dive: Walmart And Amex Get Tough; Bitcoin Rebounds By Jessica Barnett Posted on March 6, 2017 Share Tweet Share Share Share Email March has arrived, and though the national weather map today indicates that most of the nation is still in the “in like a lion” part of the weather pattern, the early signs of spring are showing. The daffodils are fighting to make it to the surface, the crocuses are up and in some places the grass is starting to even give early indications that it might turn green. And everywhere you look the competition is getting heating up, too. Walmart is trying to win on price — and taking its suppliers along with them (whether said suppliers want to go along for the ride or not) — Amex is fighting to keep its affluent cardholders satisfied and bitcoin’s price is bubbling up — as buyers strive to catch hold of it before it goes mainstream (maybe) with the Winklevoss ETF. Ready to dive in? Walmart Gets Tough On Pricing Though Walmart’s slogan is no longer “Always Low Prices,” it seems they’ve taken a renewed interest in getting their prices well below the competition — as the world’s largest retailer by sales has kicked off a price-comparison test in about 1,200 of its U.S. retail locations. The test ranges across 11 states located in the Midwest and South and is squarely aimed at finding and setting new price points for a range of products it sells under its grocery banners, which post roughly 56 percent of Walmart’s sales. Reportedly Walmart is attempting to closing its pricing gap with rival grocery peddlers (like Kroger) and discounters (like Aldi). And we wonder if that technology comes by way of Jet.com, which was known for its super-duper pricing algorithms. The move is widely expected to put pressure on packaged good suppliers. A meeting in Arkansas with food and consumer products vendors reportedly came with Walmart more or less demanding that suppliers reduce their prices by 15 percent, according to unnamed sources. And these are big firms Walmart is putting the pricing pain on — Procter & Gamble, Unilever, Conagra Brands, Kraft/Heinz and Johnson & Johnson were all part of the meeting. As of yet, none of the involved brands have any official comment to offer. The expectation — according to reports — is that suppliers are going to help Walmart win a head-to-head pricing match-up 80 percent of the time. Walmart spokesman Lorenzo Lopez said the company is “not in a position to share our strategy for competitive reasons.” A pricing punch-out with Aldi and the other hordes of players in U.S. grocery sales could be costly for Walmart. According to Scott Mushkin, managing director of Wolfe Research and a leading pricing analyst, the retailer could be looking at spending as much as $6 billion to regain market share from all of its grocery rivals. Vendors, however, have confirmed that Walmart has told them it intends to maintain margins on average and lose money on some goods as part of its pricing plan and that it will absorb some of the losses so suppliers can adjust to the new pricing demand. One supplier noted that his company’s products had declined in price by as much as 30 percent in some stores over the past few months. “It helped them figure out the sweet spot that drives traffic,” the person said. Walmart also said it wants vendors to make logistics improvements that would help vendors get $1 billion more in sales and that it would work harder on shipping orders in full and on-time, which would trim delivery costs, reduce re-orders and decrease out-of-stock problems. “Walmart is trying to go back to where they were 10 years ago when they were absolutely the low price leader,” a large packaged food supplier told Reuters on condition of anonymity. “We understand they are willing to give up profits to a large extent in some cases, so they can invest in their own brand.” But Walmart isn’t alone in the move to cut prices. Target (in the wake of a punishing earnings report) has announced that it will be throwing as much of $1 billion of its own money into lowering prices for consumers — as it works to drive traffic back to their stores. Amex Plays Rewards Hardball The Chase Sapphire Reserve Card, with its fancy metal instead of plastic body and extremely generous points offering for new sign-ups, got a lot of buzz and attention earlier this year. In fact, the card was made so popular by YouTube unboxing videos that the manufacturer ran out of the metallic stock from which the card was made. And Amex clearly has had enough of Chase turning their affluent customer’s heads — and is now doubling down on how to keep them happier. Happier — and away from its emerging competitors at Chase and Citibank. So the Amex Platinum card is getting a makeover. It will be made of metal and will be a lot more rewarding. New perks include $200 a year in Uber rides, richer credits for spending, access to more airport lounges, special dining and entertainment options, and free use by family members of an American Express Gold card. But as membership has its advantages, it also has its costs. As of Mar. 30, the annual fee for cardholders will increase to $550 a year from $450 a year. American Express’ platinum customers tend to represent superior profit margins and a greater proclivity for more card-based spending — hence the push from Chase and Citibank to snap up that desirable customer set. Amex noted it had been working on changes to the Platinum card long before JP Morgan Chase rolled out the Sapphire Reserve card. “This is a response to listening to our customers,” an Amex official noted. “We are always looking at ways to bring value to our card members.” That it waited to roll out these long-planned upgrades until right after Chase drastically scaled back the sign-on bonus for the Sapphire Reserve card? Probably just a coincidence. Speaking of coincidences, good luck and things logic has a hard time explaining — the price of bitcoin is up again. The Bitcoin Bubble Bounces Back As of the writing of this story, the price of bitcoin was up to $1278.43 — putting its market cap is well over $20 billion and worth more than the world’s former favorite alternative asset — gold (currently worth $1,237 an ounce). The pricing hullabaloo (technical term) comes care of a pending decision by the Securities and Exchange Commission as to whether or not a bitcoin exchange–traded fund is in the world’s future. Yes, bitcoin, the official currency of the digital wild west, is trying to come to the capital markets, and the price surge seems to be based on the notion that a bitcoin-based ETF may work to tone down some of bitcoin’s more unpredictable tendencies. Unless, of course, it does the exact opposite. More on that in a second. “If approved, this would certainly give a dramatic condoning of bitcoin by the authorities and powers that be,” digital currency analytics firm Cryptocompare CEO Charles Hayter told Reuters. “Perhaps key would be the institutional money which would flow into bitcoin. This would bring a certain amount of stability eventually, but it could see short-term exuberance by retail traders.” Not everyone is so optimistic. Some are worried, for instance, about security risks surrounding a bitcoin-based ETF since hundreds of millions of dollars worth of bitcoin periodically go missing at the hands of hackers. (Remember Mt. Gox?) Others are pretty sure bitcoin just isn’t the right type of substance for an ETF. “Bitcoin is not a stock, it’s not a bond, it’s not a hard asset like precious metal, it’s not a commodity future. It’s a technology that’s very much in its infancy, and it’s not something that in my mind lends itself to being packaged as an ETF,” notes Ben Johnson, director of global ETF and passive strategies research at Morningstar Inc. Some are worried that it will just make bitcoin more prone to booms and busts that it already is. Bitcoin entrepreneur Vinny Lingham, for one, recently warned in a blog post that additional quick rises in bitcoin’s value will likely create another boom/bust cycle in the bitcoin ecosystem. A bubble that won’t hesitate to burst, if given the chance by, say, having the price peak over $3,000 too quickly. “Bitcoin is both scarce and valuable, which will lead to the price continuing to increase over time,” Lingham wrote. “But if that happens too quickly, we will enter another boom/bust cycle …. If it [bitcoin’s value] goes into the $3,000+ territory due to mania/short squeezes/media hype/FOMO and other triggers, then alarm bells will go off for me, and we’ll start approaching bubble territory.” The SEC has until Mar. 11 to decide the fate of the Winklevoss twins’ Bitcoin Trust, one of three proposed ETFs that could track the value of bitcoin. Whatever it decides will have little to do with bitcoin’s future as a global currency — as that fate has been decided a while ago (it’s dead). Sorry, Reddit fans. So what did we learn this week? Price talks. Rewards matter. Bitcoin doesn’t (much). Related Items:American Express, AmEx, bitcoin, Data Dive, featured article, Rewards, Target, walmart, Winklevoss Share Tweet Share Share Share Email Recommended for you Federal Reserve Warns On Digital Currency For Credit Cards, Cancelling The Need To Cancel Bitcoin Tracker: Blowing Bubbles Get our hottest stories delivered to your inbox. Signup for the PYMNTS.com Newsletter to get updates on top stories and viral hits. email: Click to comment Post navigation Why Credit Unions Are Stealing The Banking Spotlight Anheuser-Bush’s Brazil Subsidiary Sees Decline in Q4 Beer Sales TRENDING RIGHT NOW 5.3K Retail Legal Cannabis Cuts Into Beer Revenue 4.0K Blockchain Blockchain Tracker: The Likelihood of Blockchain Technology Becoming Commercial 3.6K Mobile Bridging The Divide: How To Bring Consumers And Merchants Together On Mobile Payments 2.8K Payment Methods LendUp Closes $100M Credit Facility From Victory Park Capital 2.5K Security & Fraud Ransomware Hits Pennsylvania Senate Democrats 2.5K Security & Fraud Amazon Blames Incorrect Command For Outage Last Week 2.3K Retail Fitness Tech Startup Zenrez In $6M Series A 2.0K Security & Fraud Hacker Tracker: Cybercriminals Take The Phishing Path To Steal Money 2.0K B2B Payments Crossborder Compliance on Taxes, Without Taxing Effort 2.0K Innovation Facebook To Offer Suggestions For Local Events Via City Guides 1.9K News Password Security: An End of an Error. 1.9K Mobile What You Didn’t Know You Didn’t Know About Millennials 1.9K Retail Uber Applying For A Self-Driving Car Testing Permit In California 1.8K B2B Payments Ex-Infosys CFO Launches SME Lender 1.8K B2B Payments Banks And APIs: Tough Questions, New Answers What's next in payments and commerce Newsletter Signup About Terms & Conditions Contact © 2017 What’s Next Media and Data Analytics, LLC To Top
Home   Equities UK Global Europe US Asia Emerging markets Specialist Bonds   Multi-asset Managed funds Property Commodities Alternatives Absolute Return   Markets UK Global Economics Currencies   Funds Unit trusts/OEICs Investment Trusts VCTs/EIS Platforms ETFs Pensions Regulation People moves Events Financial library Industry blogs Newsletters Sign in Events Upcoming events Investment Influencers Webinar This Investment Influencers Webinar, in conjunction with Allianz Global Investors, will feature 3 leading multi-asset/multi-managers debating the issues, in a 45 minute webinar, that will qualify for CPD. Date: 07 Mar 2017 London Property Breakfast Briefing 2017 Investment Week is excited to announce the 2017 Property Breakfast Briefing. Date: 09 Mar 2017 South Place Hotel 3 South Place London EC2M 2AF, London Smaller Companies Breakfast Briefing 2017 Fund managers at this briefing will give their insights into the headwinds and tailwinds for global smaller companies. Date: 14 Mar 2017 South Place Hotel 3 South Place London EC2M 2AF, London Channel Islands Investment Summit 2017 The Channel Islands Investment Conference returns for 2017 on the 16th March. Date: 16 Mar 2017 Grand Jersey Hotel, St. Helier View all events Follow our events Sign up to receive email alerts about our eventsSign up Whitepapers Latest Whitepapers Risk Video Series - Win Murray Integral to success in private equity is understanding what makes businesses tick. Win Murray of Harris Associates explains how time horizons and the ability to identify value play a key role... Download The income traps investors should avoid Henderson's co-manager John Pattullo lifts the lid on the strategies used on the Henderson Diversified Income investment company. Download Find whitepapers Search by title or subject area View all whitepapers Sign in You are currently accessing Investment Week via your Enterprise account. If you already have an account please use the link below to sign in. If you have any problems with your access or would like to request an individual access account please contact our customer service team. Phone: +44 (0) 1858 438800 Email: [email protected] Sign in   Newsletters Apps Account details Contact support Sign out   Follow us RSS Twitter LinkedIn Newsletters Apps Register Industry blogs Investment Week Home Equities Bonds Multi-asset Markets Funds Regulation People moves You are currently accessing Investment Week via your Enterprise account. If you already have an account please use the link below to sign in. If you have any problems with your access or would like to request an individual access account please contact our customer service team. Phone: +44 (0) 1858 438800 Email: [email protected] Sign in   Newsletters Apps Account details Contact support Sign out   Europe Fund selectors dip their toes back into European equities but caution EU foundations remain under 'serious threat' Several crucial elections Managers have expressed caution ahead of upcoming elections in the Netherlands, France and Germany (contested by Geert Wilders, Marine Le Pen and Angela Merkel respectively) Daniel Flynn 02 March 2017 Tweet   Facebook   LinkedIn   Google plus   Send to   0 Comments Wealth managers have started increasing their European equity exposure on the back of improving economic data and attractive valuations, but are taking a cautious approach ahead of several crucial elections this year. After a long period of bearishness towards Europe, many investors are reassessing their stance after the trading bloc reported faster year-on-year GDP growth than the US in the final quarter of 2016, and a 2% increase in headline inflation for February from 1.1% in December, driven by rising commodity prices. Likewise, the European Central Bank's (ECB) commitment to cutting monthly bond purchases from €80bn to €60bn from April has been interpreted by many as the first step in an eventual withdrawal of quantitative easing (QE), indicative of further economic recovery. Related articles Why Europe's quality growth companies are set to defy consensus Vanguard's Cowell: Three key passive trends for Europe Contrarian Investor: Should we fear 'un cauchemar'? Europe Special: Can investors see beyond political headwinds? European politics: A distraction or disaster for markets? However, with peripheral countries such as Italy, Greece, and Portugal continuing to carry heavy debt burdens and amid increasing support for far-right candidates ahead of elections in the Netherlands, France and Germany, many are worried the European Union's (EU) foundations remain under "serious threat". GAM's Gallagher: Why there is 'pretty good potential' for an earnings rebound in Europe in 2017 Gavin Haynes, managing director at Whitechurch Securities, moved overweight European equities in January, topping up positions in the £324.8m Neptune European Opportunities and £842.2m Schroder European Alpha Income funds. With the pan-European Stoxx 600 index currently trading at a forward P/E ratio of 15x compared to 17x for the S&P 500, Haynes said Europe's attractive valuations mean any further improvements in the economy are likely to lead to "amplified returns", in particular highlighting domestic cyclicals. "In Europe there is also scope for further earnings growth potential; profit margins are significantly below historic levels and those in the US," he said. "With dividend yields in excess of 3%, equity markets look compelling, especially given the alternative yields available from bonds."  Hedging opportunities Meanwhile, Paul Derrien, investment director at Canaccord Genuity Wealth Management, said concerns political uncertainty will continue to weaken the euro - which hit a 20-month low against the dollar in December following Italy's constitutional referendum - can be partially mitigated by targeting European exporters and companies with significant overseas earnings. Derrien said he has also been taking advantage of Europe's improving outlook by adding to currency-hedged share classes in the £1.7bn JOHCM Continental European and £656m JP Morgan Europe Dynamic ex UK funds. "If you believe the euro will weaken then consider hedging your exposure back to sterling," he said. "This will remove the risk and allow investors just to get exposure to European markets." Meanwhile, Darius McDermott, managing director at Chelsea Financial Services, has moved very slightly overweight European equities by increasing holdings in the £3.8bn Jupiter European, £1.4bn BlackRock Continental European Income, and €37.6m Mirabaud Equities Europe ex-UK Small and Mid cap funds. McDermott said he has chosen funds which invest mainly in small- and mid-cap companies because he believes they will be better placed on a long-term basis, but is currently limiting exposure to avoid the repercussions of any unexpected populist victories in this year's elections.    12  Tweet   Facebook   LinkedIn   Google plus   Send to   Topics Europe Europe Special politics European Union Europe Dutch Elections 2017 French Elections 2017 German Elections 2017 European Central Bank european equities Italy greece quantitative-easing Schroders Neptune Invesco Perpetual Canaccord Genuity Funds More on Europe OMGI's Lilley exits amid European equity desk reshuffle Lilley worked at OMGI for five years Europe 03 March 2017 Why Europe's quality growth companies are set to defy consensus Seen no corporate earnings growth since 2011 Europe 02 March 2017 Vanguard's Cowell: Three key passive trends for Europe European passives attracted €40bn last year Europe 02 March 2017 Contrarian Investor: Should we fear 'un cauchemar'? Marine Le Pen could win French election Europe 01 March 2017 More news Santander agrees sale of entire Allfunds Bank stake As bank buys back asset management arm Global 07 March 2017 BlackRock expands sustainable ETF suite with Japanese equity product Total expense ratio of 0.30% Funds 06 March 2017 Morningstar hires EMEA multi-asset head from Prudential For newly created role Fund management 06 March 2017 Brooks Macdonald to open office in Wales Office expected to be based in Cardiff People moves 06 March 2017 'Marriage of old and new': Fund buyers react to Aberdeen/Standard Life 'mega-merger' plans Impact on fund ranges Industry 06 March 2017 Add a comment Add a comment Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. blog comments powered by Disqus Back to Top Most read Kames' McEntegart boosts bank exposure ahead of rate hikes Morningstar hires EMEA multi-asset head from Prudential Editor's View: The big questions as Aberdeen and Standard Life unveil merger deal 'Marriage of old and new': Fund buyers react to Aberdeen/Standard Life 'mega-merger' plans Bitcoin value exceeds gold for first time Contact Us Marketing solutions About Incisive Media Terms and conditions Privacy and Cookie policy RSS Twitter LinkedIn Newsletters Apps © Incisive Business Media (IP) Limited 2016 © Incisive Business Media (IP) Limited, Published by Incisive Business Media Limited, Haymarket House, 28-29 Haymarket, London SW1Y 4RX, are companies registered in England and Wales with company registration numbers 9177174 & 9178013 Digital publisher of the year 2010, 2013 & 2016 Digital publisher of the year 2010, 2013 & 2016
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Vereit Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Vereit Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Sempra Energy (SRE) Director Sells $544,600.00 in Stock Axalta Coating Systems Ltd (AXTA) CFO Sells $518,873.70 in Stock DA Davidson Begins Coverage on WesBanco Inc (WSBC) Research Analysts’ Recent Ratings Updates for Priceline Group (PCLN) Amedisys (AMED) – Investment Analysts’ Weekly Ratings Updates Canadian Pacific Railway Limited (CP) Earns Outperform Rating from Credit Suisse Group AG Insider Buying: Air T, Inc. (AIRT) CEO Purchases 500 Shares of Stock Eyegate Pharmaceuticals Inc (EYEG) Director Morton Goldberg Sells 8,919 Shares Genie Energy Ltd. (GNE) Director James A. Courter Sells 5,000 Shares Insider Selling: Enterprise Products Partners L.P. (EPD) Insider Sells 15,000 Shares of Stock Ascena Retail Group Inc (ASNA) Issues FY17 Earnings Guidance Goldman Sachs Group Inc Reaffirms Neutral Rating for General Motors Company (GM) Korn/Ferry International (KFY) Posts Earnings Results Marvell Technology Group Ltd. (MRVL) Price Target Increased to $17.00 by Analysts at Benchmark Co. Immersion Co. (IMMR) Lowered to “Hold” at Craig Hallum Autodesk, Inc. (ADSK) Price Target Raised to $99.00 at Griffin Securities Marcus Corp (MCS) – Analysts’ Weekly Ratings Changes Saga Communications, Inc. to Issue Quarterly Dividend of $0.30 (SGA) Alphabet Inc (GOOGL) Given “Outperform” Rating at BMO Capital Markets Endeavour Silver Corp (EXK) Downgraded by Zacks Investment Research to “Strong Sell” Menta Capital LLC Invests $514,000 in Vereit Inc (VER) March 6th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Stacy Sanders Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Menta Capital LLC bought a new position in shares of Vereit Inc (NYSE:VER) during the fourth quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The institutional investor bought 60,700 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $514,000. A number of other large investors also recently added to or reduced their stakes in the stock. Private Advisor Group LLC increased its stake in Vereit by 5.3% in the fourth quarter. Private Advisor Group LLC now owns 11,517 shares of the company’s stock worth $100,000 after buying an additional 576 shares during the last quarter. Trust Co. of Vermont increased its stake in Vereit by 152.5% in the third quarter. Trust Co. of Vermont now owns 10,100 shares of the company’s stock worth $105,000 after buying an additional 6,100 shares during the last quarter. ClariVest Asset Management LLC bought a new stake in Vereit during the third quarter worth about $110,000. Quadrant Capital Group LLC increased its stake in Vereit by 8.1% in the third quarter. Quadrant Capital Group LLC now owns 11,203 shares of the company’s stock worth $113,000 after buying an additional 837 shares during the last quarter. Finally, Mechanics Bank Trust Department bought a new stake in Vereit during the third quarter worth about $114,000. Hedge funds and other institutional investors own 82.54% of the company’s stock. Vereit Inc (NYSE:VER) opened at 8.84 on Monday. Vereit Inc has a 52-week low of $7.99 and a 52-week high of $11.09. The stock’s 50 day moving average is $8.68 and its 200-day moving average is $9.14. The firm’s market capitalization is $8.61 billion. Vereit (NYSE:VER) last posted its quarterly earnings results on Thursday, February 23rd. The company reported $0.17 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, topping analysts’ consensus estimates of ($0.01) by $0.18. The business earned $351.87 million during the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $309.69 million. Vereit had a negative net margin of 18.02% and a negative return on equity of 3.12%. The firm’s revenue was down 8.2% compared to the same quarter last year. During the same period in the prior year, the firm earned $0.20 earnings per share. Equities analysts expect that Vereit Inc will post $0.02 earnings per share for the current year. “Menta Capital LLC Invests $514,000 in Vereit Inc (VER)” was first posted by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are accessing this report on another site, it was copied illegally and reposted in violation of U.S. and international copyright & trademark legislation. The correct version of this report can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/03/06/menta-capital-llc-invests-514000-in-vereit-inc-ver.html. A number of equities research analysts recently issued reports on the stock. JMP Securities upgraded shares of Vereit from a “market perform” rating to an “outperform” rating in a report on Monday, January 9th. DA Davidson reiterated a “hold” rating on shares of Vereit in a research note on Thursday, November 10th. BMO Capital Markets set a $10.00 price objective on shares of Vereit and gave the stock a “buy” rating in a research note on Thursday, January 12th. Bank of America Corp downgraded shares of Vereit from a “neutral” rating to an “underperform” rating in a research note on Monday, December 5th. Finally, JPMorgan Chase & Co. upgraded shares of Vereit from a “neutral” rating to an “overweight” rating and set a $11.00 price objective for the company in a research note on Friday, December 16th. Two investment analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, three have assigned a hold rating, five have assigned a buy rating and one has assigned a strong buy rating to the company. Vereit currently has a consensus rating of “Hold” and an average target price of $9.89. About Vereit VEREIT, Inc is a full-service real estate operating company. The Company owns and manages a diversified portfolio of retail, restaurant, office and industrial real estate assets. In addition, the Company manages real estate investments on behalf of the Cole Capital. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding VER? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Vereit Inc (NYSE:VER). Receive News & Ratings for Vereit Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Vereit Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News New Travel Ban by President Trump Could be Announced Monday Hackers Accessed Private Email of Mike Pence While He Was Governor President Trump’s First Address Optimistic Trump Asking for Steep Increases in Spending for Military President Trump Wants the Largest Nuclear Arsenal © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Business Industries Markets Technology Leadership Life & Style Money Sport Lists   Business (View all) Banking Economics International London Insurance M&A The Capitalist Politics Scottish Development International Talk CFA Institute Talk Industries (View all) Law & professional services Property Retail and leisure Marketing and advertising Pharmaceuticals Telecoms Media Transport and infrastructure Industrials Markets (View all) Currencies Cryptocurrencies Commodities Equities Bonds IPOs and fundraising Investment Challenge Technology (View all) Science Gadget reviews Cyber security Fintech Leadership (View all) Entrepreneurs Management Millennials Careers Women Life & Style (View all) Travel Watches Fashion Food Homes and interiors Cars Culture Money (View all) Investing Pensions Crowdfunding Alt-fi Personal banking and insurance ISAS Schroders Talk Sport (View all) Football Rugby Union Formula 1 Cricket The Punter Tennis Golf Sports money Lists (View all) Digital Innovators Rio 50 Power 100 Women Leap 100 Most viewed authors Rebecca Smith (11,636 views) Lynsey Barber (11,087 views) Courtney Goldsmith (8,347 views) City A.M. links Newsletters Latest paper Advertising Awards Wine Club Money Transfer Charity About Careers Tickets Latest news Most popular Opinion Podcast City Talk Home Business Banking FTSE 250 18901.41 +0.11% FTSE 100 7361.29 +0.15% Bats UK 100 12453.76 +0.18% Home Business Banking 187 views Monday 6 March 2017 1:00am JP Morgan Cazenove holds off challenge of Numis Securities as most popular City stockbroker Share Jasper Jolly I'm City A.M.'s economics reporter writing about the trends that shape markets in the UK and around the world. Related City Talk Scottish Development International Talk What really goes on inside Barclays' global business division... JP Morgan retained its position as the top City stockbroker (Source: Getty) Jasper Jolly Stockbroker Numis has closed the gap between it and JP Morgan Cazenove as the most popular broker for FTSE-listed companies. The US bank, which took over the blue-blooded Cazenove broker in 2009, retained its top position with 192 clients, according to figures from Adviser Rankings. Meanwhile, Numis acts as stockbroker for 189 companies, a gain of three in the three months to 8 February, including new relationships with four FTSE 250 companies. Read more: JP Morgan Caz just lost its top spot in the FTSE 100 stockbroking stakes Numis’s rise in FTSE client numbers comes on the back of its new-found position as the most popular broker in health care stocks, in which it has 15 clients. It is also the leader in terms of the number of small cap clients. London's top stockbrokers JP Morgan Cazenove retains its top spot as the most popular UK broker (source: Adviser Rankings) Panmure Gordon held on to its third place, despite losing 10 clients over the quarter. JP Morgan last year lost its crown as the top stockbroker on the FTSE 100 to Bank of America Merrill Lynch, which still takes the top spot among London’s blue chips with 31 companies, compared to JP Morgan’s 28. JP Morgan Cazenove is still dominant in the FTSE 250, adding three firms for a total of 88 clients – almost double that of the next-nearest competitor, Numis. Read more: Brexit and sterling? It's no biggy for Numis UBS is the third most popular broker on the FTSE 100, as it gained two to leapfrog Morgan Stanley. However, Beaufort Securities added the most new clients of any UK stockbroker in the quarter, with five new companies lifting its total number of clients to 58. Share * Terms and conditions Add a comment Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Tags FTSE 100 Topics A-Z Related articles Top investor in Panmure Gordon "fully committed" to UK stockbroker William Turvill | Staff Battle of the AIM brokers Madeline Ratcliffe | Staff How London’s stockbrokers went to war – and conflict came to the City Stephen Ford | Contributor Business Industries Markets Technology Leadership Life & Style Money Sport Lists Follow us for breaking news and latest updates: Stay up to date: get our FREE daily emails Sign up Stay up to date: get our FREE daily emails Sign up About  |  Advertising  |  Privacy  |  Terms  |  Sitemap  |  Latest paper Copyright © 2017 City A.M. Limited
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Target Co. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Target Co. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Scotiabank Reiterates Outperform Rating for Advantage Oil & Gas Ltd. (AAV) Raymond James Financial, Inc. Raises Canadian Apartment Properties REIT (CAR.UN) Price Target to C$35.00 Bank of Nova Scotia (BNS) PT Raised to C$86.00 at Desjardins Scotiabank Boosts Avigilon Corp (AVO) Price Target to C$16.00 LPL Financial Holdings Inc (lpla) to Issue Quarterly Dividend of $0.25 on March 24th Brokers Issue Forecasts for Babcock & Wilcox Enterprises Inc’s Q1 2017 Earnings (BW) Ideal Power Inc. (IPWR) Insider Buys $19,812.00 in Stock Cameco Corp (CCO) Director James Allan Dobchuk Buys 1,470 Shares Fossil Group Inc (FOSL) PT Lowered to $12.00 TD Securities Reiterates “Buy” Rating for Cascades Inc (CAS) Edge Therapeutics Inc (EDGE) Rating Reiterated by Leerink Swann Beaufort Securities Reaffirms “Speculative Buy” Rating for Amryt Pharma PLC (AMYT) Tritax Big Box REIT PLC (BBOX) Receives “Hold” Rating from Liberum Capital Deutsche Bank AG Boosts G4S plc (GFS) Price Target to GBX 230 Old Line Bancshares, Inc. (MD) (olbk) To Go Ex-Dividend on March 8th Pernix Therapeutics Holdings Inc (PTX) Scheduled to Post Earnings on Wednesday Savanna Energy Services Corp. (SVY) Scheduled to Post Earnings on Wednesday William Blair Analysts Increase Earnings Estimates for 3D Systems Co. (DDD) Carrols Restaurant Group, Inc. (TAST) PT Lowered to $17.00 United Continental Holdings Inc (UAL) Rating Reiterated by Sanford C. Bernstein 130,396 Shares in Target Co. (TGT) Acquired by Elkfork Partners LLC March 6th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Jeff Wilder Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Elkfork Partners LLC bought a new stake in Target Co. (NYSE:TGT) during the fourth quarter, according to its most recent 13F filing with the SEC. The fund bought 130,396 shares of the retailer’s stock, valued at approximately $9,419,000. Several other institutional investors have also bought and sold shares of the company. Aspiriant LLC increased its position in Target by 32.8% in the second quarter. Aspiriant LLC now owns 10,007 shares of the retailer’s stock valued at $816,000 after buying an additional 2,470 shares during the last quarter. Commerce Bank boosted its position in shares of Target by 2.2% in the second quarter. Commerce Bank now owns 373,033 shares of the retailer’s stock valued at $26,046,000 after buying an additional 8,049 shares in the last quarter. Carret Asset Management LLC boosted its position in shares of Target by 2.5% in the second quarter. Carret Asset Management LLC now owns 76,510 shares of the retailer’s stock valued at $5,342,000 after buying an additional 1,838 shares in the last quarter. PineBridge Investments L.P. boosted its position in shares of Target by 14.4% in the second quarter. PineBridge Investments L.P. now owns 222,957 shares of the retailer’s stock valued at $15,567,000 after buying an additional 27,992 shares in the last quarter. Finally, Convergence Investment Partners LLC boosted its position in shares of Target by 76.4% in the second quarter. Convergence Investment Partners LLC now owns 73,713 shares of the retailer’s stock valued at $5,147,000 after buying an additional 31,928 shares in the last quarter. Hedge funds and other institutional investors own 88.53% of the company’s stock. Shares of Target Co. (NYSE:TGT) opened at 57.35 on Monday. The company’s 50-day moving average is $64.47 and its 200-day moving average is $69.78. Target Co. has a 12-month low of $57.09 and a 12-month high of $84.14. The company has a market capitalization of $32.21 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 10.20 and a beta of 0.63. Target (NYSE:TGT) last announced its quarterly earnings data on Tuesday, February 28th. The retailer reported $1.45 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, missing analysts’ consensus estimates of $1.51 by $0.06. Target had a net margin of 4.75% and a return on equity of 25.18%. The company had revenue of $20.69 billion for the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $20.76 billion. During the same period last year, the business earned $1.52 earnings per share. The company’s quarterly revenue was down 4.3% compared to the same quarter last year. Analysts predict that Target Co. will post $4.25 EPS for the current year. The business also recently disclosed a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Friday, March 10th. Shareholders of record on Wednesday, February 15th will be issued a dividend of $0.60 per share. This represents a $2.40 dividend on an annualized basis and a yield of 4.18%. The ex-dividend date is Monday, February 13th. Target’s dividend payout ratio (DPR) is currently 42.93%. “130,396 Shares in Target Co. (TGT) Acquired by Elkfork Partners LLC” was first reported by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are accessing this news story on another site, it was copied illegally and republished in violation of US & international trademark and copyright law. The original version of this news story can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/03/06/130396-shares-in-target-co-tgt-acquired-by-elkfork-partners-llc.html. Several equities analysts recently commented on TGT shares. Vetr cut shares of Target from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating and set a $69.32 price objective for the company. in a research note on Monday, November 7th. Zacks Investment Research raised shares of Target from a “sell” rating to a “hold” rating and set a $85.00 price objective for the company in a research note on Monday, November 14th. Buckingham Research boosted their price objective on shares of Target to $85.00 in a research note on Wednesday, November 16th. Telsey Advisory Group boosted their price objective on shares of Target from $82.00 to $84.00 and gave the company an “outperform” rating in a research note on Thursday, November 17th. Finally, JPMorgan Chase & Co. reaffirmed a “hold” rating and set a $79.00 price objective on shares of Target in a research note on Thursday, November 17th. Five equities research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, eighteen have issued a hold rating, eight have assigned a buy rating and one has given a strong buy rating to the company. The stock presently has a consensus rating of “Hold” and an average price target of $68.79. In related news, insider Don H. Liu acquired 2,000 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction on Thursday, March 2nd. The stock was acquired at an average cost of $58.20 per share, with a total value of $116,400.00. The transaction was disclosed in a document filed with the SEC, which is available through this link. Also, insider Cathy R. Smith acquired 5,000 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction on Wednesday, March 1st. The shares were bought at an average cost of $58.95 per share, with a total value of $294,750.00. The disclosure for this purchase can be found here. Company insiders own 0.25% of the company’s stock. About Target Target Corporation offers everyday essentials and merchandise to its customers. The Company sells a range of general merchandise and food through its store and digital channels. The Company’s general merchandise stores offer an edited food assortment, including perishables, dry grocery, dairy and frozen items. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding TGT? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Target Co. (NYSE:TGT). Receive News & Ratings for Target Co. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Target Co. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News New Travel Ban by President Trump Could be Announced Monday Hackers Accessed Private Email of Mike Pence While He Was Governor President Trump’s First Address Optimistic Trump Asking for Steep Increases in Spending for Military President Trump Wants the Largest Nuclear Arsenal © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Contact Us Journalists Blog Log In Sign Up Send a Release News Solutions Resources Search News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News dansk Deutsch español Français italiano Nederlands norsk português suomeksi svenska Global FinTech Marketplace: Technologies, Applications, and Services 2017-2022 - Evaluate Startups, Banks, Investment Companies, insurance Companies, and Non-Financial Organizations - Research and Markets News provided by Research and Markets Mar 06, 2017, 07:45 ET Share this article DUBLIN, Mar 06, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Research and Markets has announced the addition of the "Global FinTech Marketplace: Technologies, Applications, and Services 2017 - 2022" report to their offering. Financial Technology (FinTech) represents both a highly disruptive challenge for incumbent financial institutions as a transformational opportunity for new market entrants as well as currently entrenched constituents in the ecosystem. This research provides a comparative analysis between the legacy financial system and emerging FinTech solutions including disruption, potential benefits, and challenges. The Report evaluates the evolving FinTech market ecosystem including startups, banks, investment companies, insurance companies, and non-financial organizations. The report analyzes the global impact of FinTech and the outlook for specific regions. All indications point towards the need for substantial change in the financial sector, driven by major macro forces such as the complete digitization of money (e.g. paper and coin money to become nearly extinct) as well as cultural changes such as the general acceptance of online and mobile banking, alternative banking providers, and peer-to-peer payments to name a few. There are many existing technologies being re-purposed within the FinTech arena, but there are also a few important new technology development areas. One of the big opportunities for FinTech is Big Data and predictive analytics solutions, which are poised to optimize the value of data within the financial services sector. Big Data technologies and related business intelligence solutions provide financial services firms with the capability to capture and analyze data, build predictive models, back-test and simulate scenarios. Through iteration, firms will determine the most important variables and also key predictive models. Target Audience: - FinTech companies - Mobile service providers - Big Data and analytics providers - Finance regulatory and policy makers - Cloud and physical infrastructure providers - Financial services companies and personnel - Organizations investing in the financial services Key Topics Covered: 1. Introduction     1.1 Executive Summary     1.2 Research Objectives     1.3 Questions Answered     1.4 Research Methodology     1.5 Target Audience     1.6 Companies in Report 2.Fintech Market Overview     2.1 Financial Technology     2.2 the Impetus for Fintech     2.3 Fintech Landscape     2.4 Fintech Company Types         2.4.1 Money Transfer         2.4.2 Equity Funding         2.4.3 P2P Lending         2.4.4 Mobile Payments         2.4.5 Trading Platforms         2.4.6 Other Services     2.5 Fintech Categories         2.5.1 Digital Payments         2.5.2 Business Finance         2.5.3 Consumer Finance 3. Fintech and Big Data     3.1 Current State of Big Data in Fintech     3.2 Fintech Big Data Initiatives         3.2.1 Fintech Crm and Real-Time Response         3.2.2 Fintech and Predictive Analysis of Customer Behavior         3.2.3 Fintech and Mass Customization         3.2.4 Fintech and Fraud Prevention     3.3 Fintech Big Data Market Opportunity: Streaming Data in Finance 4. Fintech Ecosystem     4.1 Hardware and Infrastructure     4.2 Financial Institutions     4.3 Government     4.4 Entrepreneurs     4.5 Application Providers     4.6 Consulting and Service Providers     4.7 Security Solutions Providers     4.8 Cloud and Big Data Analytics Providers     4.9 Investment Groups     4.10 Social Network     4.11 B2B2C Distribution Channel     4.12 Cash-In/Out Mechanisms     4.13 Business Models     4.14 Collaborative Innovation     4.15 Crowdfunding Platforms     4.16 Competitive Landscape: Banks Vs. OTT Players 5. Fintech Market Drivers     5.1 Digitization in Traditional Banking Sector     5.2 Algo Banking     5.3 Rise of Mobile Banking     5.4 Rise of the Fintech Start-Up Ecosystem     5.5 Rise of Data Driven Banking     5.6 Rise of Crowd Funding Economy     5.7 Rise of Web-Based Financial Services     5.8 Growing Adoption of Non-Bank Option to Manage Money     5.9 Use of Machine Learning and Big Data to Control Payment Fraud     5.10 Increasing Patterns of M&A Transactions     5.11 Changing Patterns of Consumer Behavior     5.12 Blockchain Technology     5.13 Rise of E-Commerce     5.14 Rise of MPOS Payments 6. Fintech Market Challenges 7. Fintech Market Outlook and Forecasts     7.1 Fintech Investment Outlook 2017 - 2022         7.1.1 Global Bank IT Investment         7.1.2 Global Fintech Investments         7.1.3 Global Fintech Investment in Software, Hardware, Security and Consulting         7.1.4 Global Fintech Investment: Retail Vs. Business Finance         7.1.5 Global Fintech Market by Region         7.1.6 Global Fintech Funding by Investor Type     7.2 Fintech Users 2017 - 2022         7.2.1 Global Fintech Users         7.2.2 Global Fintech Users by Usage Category         7.2.3 Global Fintech Users by Income Bracket         7.2.4 Global Fintech Users by Age Group         7.2.5 Fintech Users by Geographic Region         7.2.6 Fintech Adoption of Digitally Active Users         7.2.7 Reason for Fintech Popularity         7.2.8 Fintech Usage Growth Obstacles     7.3 Fintech Market Dynamics         7.3.1 Impact of Fintech on Bank and Value Chain Partners         7.3.2 Bank Readiness to Address Digital Challenges         7.3.3 Bank Strength to Combat Digital Challenges Including Fintech         7.3.4 Global Bank Revenue Risk from Digital Disruption Including Fintech         7.3.5 Fintech Startup Exits 8. Digital Industry and Payment Initiatives     8.1 Google     8.2 Facebook     8.3 Apple     8.4 Paypal     8.5 Square     8.6 Bitcoin     8.7 SocietyOne     8.8 Amazon Payments     8.9 Stripe     8.10 Samsung Pay     8.11 Alibaba     8.12 Western Union     8.13 Amex, Mastercard and Visa     8.14 Lending Club     8.15 Financial Innovation Now     8.16 Stellar 9. Bank Initiative Analysis     9.1 Goldman Sachs     9.2 Barclays     9.3 Santander     9.4 HSBC     9.5 UBS     9.6 BBVA     9.7 Citi     9.8 American Express     9.9 Wells Fargo     9.10 JPMorgan Chase 10. Regional Initiatives     10.1 Pioneer Zone         10.1.1 USA         10.1.2 UK     10.2 Emerging Areas         10.2.1 Europe         10.2.2 Asia         10.2.3 Middle East         10.2.4 Australia     10.3 Government Initiatives 11. Fintech Case Studies     11.1 SocietyOne     11.2 Tyro Payments     11.3 ReInventure     11.4 Australasian Wealth Investments (AWI)     11.5 BillFloat     11.6 L2C Inc     11.7 PayNearMe     11.8 Kabbage 12. Fintech Companies and Solutions     12.1 Acorns     12.2 Addepar     12.3 Affirm     12.4 Algomi     12.5 Alphasense     12.6 Adyen     12.7 Avant     12.8 Betterment     12.9 Braintree     12.10 C2FO     12.11 Chain.Com     12.12 Circleup     12.13 Credit Karma     12.14 Digit     12.15 Earnest     12.16 Equityzen     12.17 Estimize     12.18 Fundbox     12.19 Fundera     12.20 Fundrise     12.21 Hello Wallet     12.22 Iex     12.23 Kensho     12.24 Level Money     12.25 Learnvest     12.26 Money.Net     12.27 Motif     12.28 Nav     12.29 Personal Capital     12.30 Plaid     12.31 Premise Data     12.32 Prosper     12.33 Quantopian     12.34 R3Cev     12.35 Ripple     12.36 Riskalyze     12.37 Robinhood     12.38 Simple     12.39 Sofi     12.40 Transferwise     12.41 Trueaccord     12.42 Trueex     12.43 Vouch     12.44 Wealthfront     12.45 Worldremit     12.46 Xapo     12.47 Xignite     12.48 Zenefits     12.49 Zestfinance     12.50 China Rapid Finance     12.51 Lufax     12.52 Ondeck     12.53 Dwolla     12.54 Moven     12.55 Ally     12.56 Capital One 360     12.57 Vanguard     12.58 Fidelity     12.59 Charles Schwab     12.60 Allstate     12.61 Oscar     12.62 Metromile     12.63 Azimo     12.64 Klarna     12.65 Number26     12.66 Atom Bank     12.67 Lendingrobot     12.68 21 Inc     12.69 Coinbase     12.70 Angellist     12.71 Kreditech     12.72 Securekey     12.73 Kickstarter     12.74 Crowdcube 13. Conclusions and Recommendations     13.1 Recommendations to Develop Sound Fintech Ecosystem         13.1.1 Supportive Business Market         13.1.2 Strong Regulatory and Government Support         13.1.3 Adequate Access to Capital and Funding at Every Stage of Business         13.1.4 Focus on Creating Financial Expertise Locally     13.2 Recommendations for Banks and Other Financial Institutions     13.3 Recommendations for Fintech Companies     13.4 Recommendations for Government     13.5 Recommendations for Investment Community 14. Appendix: Historical Fintech Investment     14.1 Global Fintech Investment 2011 - 2015     14.2 Global Fintech Investment by Market Players 2011 - 2015     14.3 Global Fintech Investment by Category 2011 - 2015     14.4 Global Fintech Investment by Segment 2011 - 2015     14.5 Global Fintech Investment by Region 2011 - 2015     14.6 Global Fintech Investment by Leading Countries 2011 - 2015     14.7 Banking Internal Fintech Investment 2011 - 2015     14.8 Fintech Deals 2011 - 2015 For more information about this report visit http://www.researchandmarkets.com/research/hzdl8p/global_fintech Media Contact: Research and Markets Laura Wood, Senior Manager press@researchandmarkets.com For E.S.T Office Hours Call +1-917-300-0470 For U.S./CAN Toll Free Call +1-800-526-8630 For GMT Office Hours Call +353-1-416-8900 U.S. Fax: 646-607-1907 Fax (outside U.S.): +353-1-481-1716 To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/global-fintech-marketplace-technologies-applications-and-services-2017-2022---evaluate-startups-banks-investment-companies-insurance-companies-and-non-financial-organizations---research-and-markets-300418295.html SOURCE Research and Markets Related Links http://www.researchandmarkets.com Mar 06, 2017, 08:00 ET Preview: Global Industrial Gases Market - Size, Share, Development, Growth & Demand Forecast to 2022 - Research and Markets Mar 06, 2017, 07:30 ET Preview: Raw Material Requirements (Health Canada/USP/EP) in a cGMP Environment: Issues and Solutions - Two Day Seminar (Copenhagen, Denmark - June 29-30, 2017) - Research and Markets My News Release contains wide tables. View fullscreen. Also from this source Mar 06, 2017, 15:00 ETGlobal Thermoplastic Polyurethane Films Market - Forecast to 2022... Mar 06, 2017, 14:45 ETGlobal Commercial Drones Market Analysis 2013-2016 & Forecasts to... Explore More news releases in similar topics Computer Electronics Computer Software Publishing & Information Services Banking & Financial Services Surveys, Polls and Research You just read: Global FinTech Marketplace: Technologies, Applications, and Services 2017-2022 - Evaluate Startups, Banks, Investment Companies, insurance Companies, and Non-Financial Organizations - Research and Markets News provided by Research and Markets Mar 06, 2017, 07:45 ET Share this article Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire? Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform. Sign up to get started Request more information Have an account? Log In Phone 8AM - 10PM ET +1-888-776-0942 Send a Release Sign Up Blog For Journalists Contact Us Search Searching for your content... Advanced Search Contact PR Newswire 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Contact Us General Inquiries Request a Demo Editorial Bureaus Partnerships Media Inquiries Worldwide Offices Solutions Cision Communications Cloud™ For Marketers For Public Relations For IR & Compliance For Agency For Small Business All Products About About PR Newswire About Cision Become a Publishing Partner Become a Channel Partner Careers   Global Sites Asia Brazil Canada Europe Finland France India Israel Mexico Middle East Netherlands Sweden United Kingdom My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Terms of Use Privacy Policy Information Security Policy Statement Site Map RSS Feeds Copyright © 2017 PR Newswire Association LLC. All Rights Reserved. A Cision company. News Solutions Resources News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News dansk Deutsch español Français italiano Nederlands norsk português suomeksi svenska Phone +1-888-776-0942 8AM - 10PM ET Chat All contact info Send a ReleaseLog In
Home About/Contact US Privacy Policy Staff Daily Email Updates Headlines Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Investing American Express Company - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for American Express Company with our FREE daily email newsletter: Recent Posts Investment Analysts’ Recent Ratings Updates for Pure Storage (PSTG) Enzymotec Ltd (ENZY) Receives Consensus Rating of “Hold” from Brokerages Daimler AG (DDAIF) Given $74.94 Average Target Price by Analysts Zacks: Analysts Set $1.50 Price Target for UQM Technologies Inc (UQM) Tucows Inc. (TCX) Receives Average Rating of “Hold” from Brokerages Zacks: Arotech Co. (ARTX) Given $4.50 Consensus Target Price by Analysts Bernard D. Berman Purchases 15,000 Shares of Fifth Street Finance Corp. (FSC) Stock Thomas L. Carter, Jr. Purchases 14,000 Shares of Black Stone Minerals LP (BSM) Stock Cotiviti Holdings Inc (COTV) Now Covered by Raymond James Financial, Inc. Canadian Western Bank (CWB) Stock Rating Upgraded by CIBC Cipher Pharmaceuticals Inc (CPH) Rating Reiterated by TD Securities Senior plc (SNR) Given “Neutral” Rating at JPMorgan Chase & Co. Barratt Developments Plc (BDEV) Receives Sell Rating from Liberum Capital WesBanco Inc (WSBC) to Issue Quarterly Dividend of $0.26 on April 1st Research Frontiers, Inc. (REFR) Set to Announce Earnings on Wednesday 3D Systems Co. (DDD) Expected to Earn Q1 2017 Earnings of $0.08 Per Share Goldman Sachs Group Inc Initiates Coverage on Infosys Ltd (INFY) Zacks Investment Research Downgrades Crocs, Inc. (CROX) to Strong Sell Orbital ATK, Inc. (OA) to Release Earnings on Wednesday Q1 2017 Earnings Estimate for Ferro Co. (FOE) Issued By Seaport Global Securities American Express Company (AXP) Shares Bought by Frontier Wealth Management LLC Posted by William Strong on Mar 6th, 2017 // No Comments Tweet Frontier Wealth Management LLC raised its position in American Express Company (NYSE:AXP) by 31.6% during the fourth quarter, according to its most recent disclosure with the Securities and Exchange Commission. The firm owned 16,645 shares of the payment services company’s stock after buying an additional 4,000 shares during the period. Frontier Wealth Management LLC’s holdings in American Express Company were worth $1,233,000 at the end of the most recent quarter. Several other institutional investors have also modified their holdings of the company. State Street Corp increased its position in shares of American Express Company by 10.9% in the fourth quarter. State Street Corp now owns 39,668,305 shares of the payment services company’s stock worth $2,938,629,000 after buying an additional 3,894,647 shares during the period. The Manufacturers Life Insurance Company acquired a new position in shares of American Express Company during the third quarter worth about $197,673,000. Tesco Pension Investment Ltd acquired a new position in shares of American Express Company during the third quarter worth about $141,780,000. Equity Investment Corp Acquisition Inc acquired a new position in shares of American Express Company during the fourth quarter worth about $125,538,000. Finally, Russell Investments Group Ltd. acquired a new position in shares of American Express Company during the fourth quarter worth about $73,047,000. 81.71% of the stock is owned by institutional investors and hedge funds. Shares of American Express Company (NYSE:AXP) opened at 79.88 on Monday. The stock’s 50 day moving average price is $78.28 and its 200 day moving average price is $70.80. American Express Company has a 12-month low of $57.15 and a 12-month high of $82.00. The firm has a market cap of $71.99 billion, a PE ratio of 14.14 and a beta of 1.19. American Express Company (NYSE:AXP) last announced its quarterly earnings data on Thursday, January 19th. The payment services company reported $0.91 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, missing the Zacks’ consensus estimate of $0.98 by $0.07. The company had revenue of $8 billion for the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $7.92 billion. American Express Company had a net margin of 16.63% and a return on equity of 33.49%. The company’s revenue was down 4.4% compared to the same quarter last year. During the same quarter last year, the firm posted $1.23 earnings per share. On average, equities research analysts predict that American Express Company will post $5.66 EPS for the current fiscal year. “American Express Company (AXP) Shares Bought by Frontier Wealth Management LLC” was first published by Web Breaking News and is the sole property of of Web Breaking News. If you are reading this report on another site, it was stolen and republished in violation of U.S. and international copyright & trademark laws. The legal version of this report can be viewed at http://www.webbreakingnews.com/2017/03/06/american-express-company-axp-shares-bought-by-frontier-wealth-management-llc.html. AXP has been the subject of a number of analyst reports. Vetr downgraded American Express Company from a “hold” rating to a “sell” rating and set a $71.74 target price for the company. in a research note on Wednesday, December 21st. JPMorgan Chase & Co. raised American Express Company from a “neutral” rating to an “overweight” rating and increased their target price for the stock from $76.00 to $90.00 in a research note on Tuesday, January 17th. JMP Securities reissued a “market perform” rating on shares of American Express Company in a research note on Friday, January 20th. Bank of America Corp raised American Express Company from a “neutral” rating to a “buy” rating and increased their target price for the stock from $78.00 to $90.00 in a research note on Monday, January 9th. Finally, Nomura reissued a “reduce” rating and set a $63.00 target price on shares of American Express Company in a research note on Saturday, December 10th. Six investment analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, thirteen have given a hold rating, ten have issued a buy rating and one has given a strong buy rating to the company. The company has a consensus rating of “Hold” and an average price target of $76.59. In related news, Director John Joseph Brennan acquired 4,000 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Wednesday, February 22nd. The stock was bought at an average cost of $79.74 per share, for a total transaction of $318,960.00. Following the purchase, the director now owns 4,000 shares in the company, valued at approximately $318,960. The transaction was disclosed in a legal filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is available at this link. Also, insider L Kevin Cox sold 77,006 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Wednesday, January 25th. The shares were sold at an average price of $78.01, for a total value of $6,007,238.06. Following the transaction, the insider now owns 54,954 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $4,286,961.54. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Over the last quarter, insiders have sold 164,306 shares of company stock valued at $12,814,347. 0.78% of the stock is currently owned by corporate insiders. About American Express Company American Express Company is a services company. The Company’s principal products and services are charge and credit payment card products, and travel-related services offered to consumers and businesses around the world. The Company’s segments include U.S. Consumer Services (USCS), International Consumer and Network Services (ICNS), Global Commercial Services (GCS) and Global Merchant Services (GMS). Want to see what other hedge funds are holding AXP? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for American Express Company (NYSE:AXP). Receive News & Ratings for American Express Company Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for American Express Company and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter. « Previous Frontier Wealth Management LLC Cuts Position in Target Co. (TGT) Next » Trexquant Investment LP Invests $2,449,000 in Target Co. (TGT) Latest News Nike Suspends Relationship with Maria Sharapova Rob Bironas Ex-Titans Kicker Dies in Car Crash Ron Washington Leaves Texas Rangers Due to an Affair Jonathan Dwyer Falls in Line with Other Banned NFL Players Tony Stewart Case Going to the Grand Jury Oscar Pistorius “Blade Runner” Found Not Guilty of Murder Leave a Reply Click here to cancel reply. Name (Required) Mail (will not be published) (Required) Website   Home Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Headlines Investing © 2006-2017 Web Breaking News.
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance American Express Company - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for American Express Company with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Continental AG (CTTAY) Cut to Hold at Zacks Investment Research Keith A. Sultana Sells 1,046 Shares of Ingersoll-Rand PLC (IR) Stock Goldcorp Inc. (G) Director Sells C$33,415.80 in Stock Loop Capital Reiterates “Buy” Rating for Micron Technology, Inc. (MU) Insider Selling: Trade Desk Inc (TTD) COO Sells 100,000 Shares of Stock Insider Selling: Vitamin Shoppe Inc (VSI) Director Sells 100,000 Shares of Stock Paul A. Jacobson Sells 20,100 Shares of Delta Air Lines, Inc. (DAL) Stock Insider Selling: Electronic Arts Inc. (EA) EVP Sells 10,000 Shares of Stock Beigene Ltd (BGNE) CEO Sells $4,459,149.09 in Stock Sempra Energy (SRE) Director Sells $544,600.00 in Stock Axalta Coating Systems Ltd (AXTA) CFO Sells $518,873.70 in Stock DA Davidson Begins Coverage on WesBanco Inc (WSBC) Research Analysts’ Recent Ratings Updates for Priceline Group (PCLN) Amedisys (AMED) – Investment Analysts’ Weekly Ratings Updates Canadian Pacific Railway Limited (CP) Earns Outperform Rating from Credit Suisse Group AG Insider Buying: Air T, Inc. (AIRT) CEO Purchases 500 Shares of Stock Eyegate Pharmaceuticals Inc (EYEG) Director Morton Goldberg Sells 8,919 Shares Genie Energy Ltd. (GNE) Director James A. Courter Sells 5,000 Shares Insider Selling: Enterprise Products Partners L.P. (EPD) Insider Sells 15,000 Shares of Stock Ascena Retail Group Inc (ASNA) Issues FY17 Earnings Guidance American Express Company (AXP) Shares Sold by Trexquant Investment LP March 6th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Jeff Wilder Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Trexquant Investment LP cut its stake in American Express Company (NYSE:AXP) by 77.4% during the fourth quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The fund owned 7,400 shares of the payment services company’s stock after selling 25,300 shares during the period. Trexquant Investment LP’s holdings in American Express Company were worth $548,000 as of its most recent filing with the SEC. Other hedge funds and other institutional investors have also recently made changes to their positions in the company. FNY Partners Fund LP bought a new position in shares of American Express Company during the fourth quarter valued at $111,000. Motco boosted its position in shares of American Express Company by 31.6% in the third quarter. Motco now owns 1,815 shares of the payment services company’s stock valued at $116,000 after buying an additional 436 shares in the last quarter. Advisory Services Network LLC boosted its position in shares of American Express Company by 10.4% in the third quarter. Advisory Services Network LLC now owns 2,140 shares of the payment services company’s stock valued at $137,000 after buying an additional 201 shares in the last quarter. Massey Quick & Co. LLC bought a new position in shares of American Express Company during the fourth quarter valued at $148,000. Finally, Alpha Windward LLC boosted its position in shares of American Express Company by 1.3% in the third quarter. Alpha Windward LLC now owns 2,392 shares of the payment services company’s stock valued at $153,000 after buying an additional 31 shares in the last quarter. Hedge funds and other institutional investors own 81.71% of the company’s stock. American Express Company (NYSE:AXP) opened at 79.88 on Monday. American Express Company has a 12 month low of $57.15 and a 12 month high of $82.00. The stock has a market cap of $71.99 billion, a P/E ratio of 14.14 and a beta of 1.19. The company’s 50-day moving average price is $78.28 and its 200-day moving average price is $70.80. American Express Company (NYSE:AXP) last issued its earnings results on Thursday, January 19th. The payment services company reported $0.91 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, missing analysts’ consensus estimates of $0.98 by $0.07. The business had revenue of $8 billion for the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $7.92 billion. American Express Company had a return on equity of 33.49% and a net margin of 16.63%. The business’s quarterly revenue was down 4.4% on a year-over-year basis. During the same period last year, the company posted $1.23 earnings per share. Equities analysts forecast that American Express Company will post $5.66 earnings per share for the current year. This report was first posted by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are accessing this report on another site, it was stolen and republished in violation of US and international copyright & trademark legislation. The original version of this report can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/03/06/american-express-company-axp-shares-sold-by-trexquant-investment-lp.html. AXP has been the subject of several recent research reports. Zacks Investment Research cut American Express Company from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating in a research report on Friday, November 25th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. upgraded American Express Company from a “neutral” rating to an “overweight” rating and lifted their price target for the company from $76.00 to $90.00 in a research report on Tuesday, January 17th. Keefe, Bruyette & Woods upgraded American Express Company from a “market perform” rating to an “outperform” rating and lifted their price target for the company from $81.00 to $91.00 in a research report on Monday, January 30th. Stephens initiated coverage on American Express Company in a research report on Friday, November 18th. They set an “underweight” rating and a $71.78 price target for the company. Finally, Credit Suisse Group AG reiterated an “underperform” rating and set a $76.00 price target on shares of American Express Company in a research report on Friday, January 20th. Six investment analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, thirteen have assigned a hold rating, ten have given a buy rating and one has assigned a strong buy rating to the company. American Express Company currently has a consensus rating of “Hold” and an average price target of $76.59. In other American Express Company news, Director John Joseph Brennan bought 4,000 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction dated Wednesday, February 22nd. The stock was acquired at an average cost of $79.74 per share, with a total value of $318,960.00. Following the purchase, the director now owns 4,000 shares in the company, valued at approximately $318,960. The transaction was disclosed in a document filed with the SEC, which is accessible through the SEC website. Also, insider L Kevin Cox sold 32,726 shares of the stock in a transaction that occurred on Monday, February 6th. The stock was sold at an average price of $77.93, for a total value of $2,550,337.18. Following the transaction, the insider now directly owns 50,463 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $3,932,581.59. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Over the last three months, insiders have sold 164,306 shares of company stock valued at $12,814,347. Company insiders own 0.78% of the company’s stock. American Express Company Company Profile American Express Company is a services company. The Company’s principal products and services are charge and credit payment card products, and travel-related services offered to consumers and businesses around the world. The Company’s segments include U.S. Consumer Services (USCS), International Consumer and Network Services (ICNS), Global Commercial Services (GCS) and Global Merchant Services (GMS). Want to see what other hedge funds are holding AXP? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for American Express Company (NYSE:AXP). Receive News & Ratings for American Express Company Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for American Express Company and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News New Travel Ban by President Trump Could be Announced Monday Hackers Accessed Private Email of Mike Pence While He Was Governor President Trump’s First Address Optimistic Trump Asking for Steep Increases in Spending for Military President Trump Wants the Largest Nuclear Arsenal © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Allied World Assurance Company Holdings Ltd - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Allied World Assurance Company Holdings Ltd with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Scotiabank Reiterates Outperform Rating for Advantage Oil & Gas Ltd. (AAV) Raymond James Financial, Inc. Raises Canadian Apartment Properties REIT (CAR.UN) Price Target to C$35.00 Bank of Nova Scotia (BNS) PT Raised to C$86.00 at Desjardins Scotiabank Boosts Avigilon Corp (AVO) Price Target to C$16.00 LPL Financial Holdings Inc (lpla) to Issue Quarterly Dividend of $0.25 on March 24th Brokers Issue Forecasts for Babcock & Wilcox Enterprises Inc’s Q1 2017 Earnings (BW) Ideal Power Inc. (IPWR) Insider Buys $19,812.00 in Stock Cameco Corp (CCO) Director James Allan Dobchuk Buys 1,470 Shares Fossil Group Inc (FOSL) PT Lowered to $12.00 TD Securities Reiterates “Buy” Rating for Cascades Inc (CAS) Edge Therapeutics Inc (EDGE) Rating Reiterated by Leerink Swann Beaufort Securities Reaffirms “Speculative Buy” Rating for Amryt Pharma PLC (AMYT) Tritax Big Box REIT PLC (BBOX) Receives “Hold” Rating from Liberum Capital Deutsche Bank AG Boosts G4S plc (GFS) Price Target to GBX 230 Old Line Bancshares, Inc. (MD) (olbk) To Go Ex-Dividend on March 8th Pernix Therapeutics Holdings Inc (PTX) Scheduled to Post Earnings on Wednesday Savanna Energy Services Corp. (SVY) Scheduled to Post Earnings on Wednesday William Blair Analysts Increase Earnings Estimates for 3D Systems Co. (DDD) Carrols Restaurant Group, Inc. (TAST) PT Lowered to $17.00 United Continental Holdings Inc (UAL) Rating Reiterated by Sanford C. Bernstein State Street Corp Has $106,653,000 Stake in Allied World Assurance Company Holdings Ltd (AWH) March 6th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Tyrone Williams Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet State Street Corp boosted its stake in shares of Allied World Assurance Company Holdings Ltd (NYSE:AWH) by 4.0% during the fourth quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The fund owned 1,985,690 shares of the company’s stock after buying an additional 76,266 shares during the period. State Street Corp’s holdings in Allied World Assurance Company Holdings were worth $106,653,000 as of its most recent filing with the SEC. Other hedge funds have also recently bought and sold shares of the company. Fuller & Thaler Asset Management Inc. purchased a new stake in Allied World Assurance Company Holdings during the third quarter valued at $129,000. KBC Group NV boosted its stake in Allied World Assurance Company Holdings by 140.6% in the third quarter. KBC Group NV now owns 3,407 shares of the company’s stock valued at $138,000 after buying an additional 1,991 shares during the last quarter. CIBC World Markets Inc. purchased a new stake in Allied World Assurance Company Holdings during the third quarter valued at $212,000. Steinberg Global Asset Management boosted its stake in Allied World Assurance Company Holdings by 7.5% in the second quarter. Steinberg Global Asset Management now owns 7,125 shares of the company’s stock valued at $250,000 after buying an additional 500 shares during the last quarter. Finally, SG Americas Securities LLC boosted its stake in Allied World Assurance Company Holdings by 152.9% in the third quarter. SG Americas Securities LLC now owns 8,772 shares of the company’s stock valued at $355,000 after buying an additional 5,303 shares during the last quarter. 87.16% of the stock is currently owned by institutional investors and hedge funds. Allied World Assurance Company Holdings Ltd (NYSE:AWH) opened at 53.02 on Monday. The stock has a market capitalization of $4.62 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 18.67 and a beta of 0.58. Allied World Assurance Company Holdings Ltd has a 12-month low of $33.20 and a 12-month high of $54.46. The stock’s 50 day moving average is $53.17 and its 200 day moving average is $46.78. Allied World Assurance Company Holdings (NYSE:AWH) last announced its earnings results on Wednesday, February 1st. The company reported $0.48 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, missing the consensus estimate of $0.63 by $0.15. The business had revenue of $445.33 million for the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $583.43 million. Allied World Assurance Company Holdings had a net margin of 9.91% and a return on equity of 6.69%. The firm’s quarterly revenue was down 4.2% compared to the same quarter last year. During the same quarter in the prior year, the company posted $0.47 earnings per share. Equities analysts predict that Allied World Assurance Company Holdings Ltd will post $2.69 earnings per share for the current fiscal year. “State Street Corp Has $106,653,000 Stake in Allied World Assurance Company Holdings Ltd (AWH)” was originally posted by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are viewing this report on another domain, it was stolen and reposted in violation of U.S. & international trademark & copyright legislation. The original version of this report can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/03/06/state-street-corp-has-106653000-stake-in-allied-world-assurance-company-holdings-ltd-awh.html. Several analysts have weighed in on AWH shares. Zacks Investment Research raised Allied World Assurance Company Holdings from a “sell” rating to a “hold” rating in a research report on Friday, December 16th. JMP Securities cut Allied World Assurance Company Holdings from an “outperform” rating to a “market perform” rating in a research report on Wednesday, December 21st. MKM Partners cut Allied World Assurance Company Holdings from a “buy” rating to a “neutral” rating and lifted their price objective for the company from $45.00 to $54.00 in a research report on Tuesday, December 20th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. cut Allied World Assurance Company Holdings from an “overweight” rating to a “neutral” rating in a research report on Friday, January 6th. Finally, Macquarie cut Allied World Assurance Company Holdings from an “outperform” rating to a “neutral” rating in a research report on Friday, December 2nd. Two equities research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, six have assigned a hold rating and one has given a buy rating to the stock. Allied World Assurance Company Holdings presently has an average rating of “Hold” and a consensus price target of $44.40. About Allied World Assurance Company Holdings Allied World Assurance Company Holdings Ltd is a holding company. The Company provides property, casualty and specialty insurance and reinsurance solutions to clients around the world. It operates in three segments: North American Insurance, Global Markets Insurance and Reinsurance. It leases space in Australia, Bermuda, Canada, England, Hong Kong, Ireland, Labuan, Singapore and the United States. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding AWH? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Allied World Assurance Company Holdings Ltd (NYSE:AWH). Receive News & Ratings for Allied World Assurance Company Holdings Ltd Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Allied World Assurance Company Holdings Ltd and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News New Travel Ban by President Trump Could be Announced Monday Hackers Accessed Private Email of Mike Pence While He Was Governor President Trump’s First Address Optimistic Trump Asking for Steep Increases in Spending for Military President Trump Wants the Largest Nuclear Arsenal © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance ACADIA Pharmaceuticals Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for ACADIA Pharmaceuticals Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Carrols Restaurant Group, Inc. (TAST) PT Lowered to $17.00 United Continental Holdings Inc (UAL) Rating Reiterated by Sanford C. Bernstein Zacks Investment Research Downgrades CyberOptics Co. (CYBE) to Sell The Coca-Cola Co (KO) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Sanford C. Bernstein PepsiCo, Inc. (PEP) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Sanford C. Bernstein Endeavour Silver Corp Expected to Earn Q1 2017 Earnings of $0.01 Per Share (EXK) GCP Applied Technologies Inc. (GCP) Expected to Earn Q1 2017 Earnings of $0.29 Per Share Patheon NV (PTHN) Given Average Recommendation of “Buy” by Brokerages IMPINJ Inc (PI) Receives $33.86 Consensus Target Price from Brokerages Outfront Media Inc (OUT) to Issue Quarterly Dividend of $0.36 on March 31st Haverty Furniture Companies, Inc. (HVT) to Issue Quarterly Dividend of $0.12 on March 29th SEGRO plc (SGRO) Price Target Increased to GBX 500 by Analysts at HSBC Holdings plc Palo Alto Networks Inc (PANW) Downgraded to “Neutral” at Robert W. Baird South32 Ltd (S32) Upgraded by HSBC Holdings plc to Buy Zacks Investment Research Upgrades Liquidity Services, Inc. (LQDT) to Hold Barclays PLC Reiterates “Equal weight” Rating for Go-Ahead Group plc (GOG) Interserve plc (IRV) PT Lowered to GBX 300 at Jefferies Group LLC BT Group plc (BT) Earns “Sell” Rating from Deutsche Bank AG IBERIABANK Corp (IBKC) to Post Q1 2017 Earnings of $0.99 Per Share, SunTrust Banks Forecasts KCAP Financial Inc (KCAP) Set to Announce Earnings on Wednesday Analysts Set ACADIA Pharmaceuticals Inc. (ACAD) Price Target at $40.60 March 6th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Trevor Kearing Filed Under: Consensus Rating Articles - Finance Tweet ACADIA Pharmaceuticals Inc. (NASDAQ:ACAD) has been assigned a consensus recommendation of “Buy” from the fifteen research firms that are presently covering the stock. Six equities research analysts have rated the stock with a hold recommendation and nine have issued a buy recommendation on the company. The average 1-year price target among brokerages that have updated their coverage on the stock in the last year is $40.60. Several analysts recently weighed in on the stock. HC Wainwright reaffirmed a “buy” rating and issued a $60.00 target price on shares of ACADIA Pharmaceuticals in a report on Friday. Needham & Company LLC reaffirmed a “buy” rating and issued a $49.00 target price on shares of ACADIA Pharmaceuticals in a report on Wednesday, March 1st. Vetr cut shares of ACADIA Pharmaceuticals from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating and set a $41.20 target price on the stock. in a report on Monday, February 27th. Zacks Investment Research raised shares of ACADIA Pharmaceuticals from a “sell” rating to a “hold” rating in a report on Tuesday, February 21st. Finally, Piper Jaffray Companies reaffirmed an “overweight” rating and issued a $44.00 target price on shares of ACADIA Pharmaceuticals in a report on Tuesday, February 7th. This news story was originally reported by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are accessing this news story on another publication, it was illegally stolen and reposted in violation of US & international trademark and copyright law. The correct version of this news story can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/03/06/analysts-set-acadia-pharmaceuticals-inc-acad-price-target-at-40-60.html. In other ACADIA Pharmaceuticals news, EVP Terrence O. Moore sold 157,540 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Thursday, February 16th. The shares were sold at an average price of $39.77, for a total transaction of $6,265,365.80. The transaction was disclosed in a legal filing with the SEC, which is available at this hyperlink. Also, EVP Glenn Baity sold 9,800 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Tuesday, December 27th. The stock was sold at an average price of $30.46, for a total transaction of $298,508.00. Following the sale, the executive vice president now directly owns 81,363 shares in the company, valued at approximately $2,478,316.98. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. In the last three months, insiders have sold 177,340 shares of company stock worth $6,863,874. 21.65% of the stock is owned by corporate insiders. A number of hedge funds have recently added to or reduced their stakes in ACAD. Baker BROS. Advisors LP purchased a new stake in shares of ACADIA Pharmaceuticals during the third quarter valued at approximately $821,327,000. Palo Alto Investors LLC increased its position in ACADIA Pharmaceuticals by 196.4% in the second quarter. Palo Alto Investors LLC now owns 1,437,730 shares of the biopharmaceutical company’s stock worth $46,669,000 after buying an additional 952,630 shares during the period. Norges Bank bought a new position in ACADIA Pharmaceuticals during the fourth quarter worth about $24,050,000. JPMorgan Chase & Co. increased its position in ACADIA Pharmaceuticals by 73.3% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 1,554,619 shares of the biopharmaceutical company’s stock worth $49,453,000 after buying an additional 657,771 shares during the period. Finally, EverPoint Asset Management LLC bought a new position in ACADIA Pharmaceuticals during the second quarter worth about $16,230,000. 98.25% of the stock is currently owned by institutional investors. Shares of ACADIA Pharmaceuticals (NASDAQ:ACAD) opened at 36.89 on Wednesday. The stock’s market capitalization is $4.47 billion. The stock has a 50 day moving average of $35.73 and a 200 day moving average of $30.65. ACADIA Pharmaceuticals has a 12-month low of $18.40 and a 12-month high of $42.49. ACADIA Pharmaceuticals Company Profile ACADIA Pharmaceuticals Inc is a biopharmaceutical company. The Company is focused on the development and commercialization of medicines for central nervous system disorders. The Company’s lead drug candidate, NUPLAZID (pimavanserin), is under development for the treatment of Parkinson’s disease psychosis (PDP). Receive News & Ratings for ACADIA Pharmaceuticals Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for ACADIA Pharmaceuticals Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News New Travel Ban by President Trump Could be Announced Monday Hackers Accessed Private Email of Mike Pence While He Was Governor President Trump’s First Address Optimistic Trump Asking for Steep Increases in Spending for Military President Trump Wants the Largest Nuclear Arsenal © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
