Skip to search. New user? Register Sign in Help Make Yahoo7 My Homepage Mail My Yahoo7 Yahoo7 Yahoo Finance Search Search web HOME NEWS & OPINION TAX TIME 2016 INVESTING Market Stats Currencies Online Trading Education MY PORTFOLIOS PERSONAL FINANCE Money Manager Videos Experts Tips & Tools Real Estate Investing Fame & Fortune Forums Photos VIDEO Expert Opinion Australian Dollar Top Stories Stock Market Columnists Currencies Companies Video Search for share prices Tip : Use comma (,) to separate multiple quotes. Learn more... Finance Search Trump ignites fight over banking reformsAAP – Mon, Feb 6, 2017 10:38 AM AEDT US President Donald Trump has ordered reviews of major banking rules that were put in place after the 2008 financial crisis, drawing fire from Democrats who say his order lacks substance and squarely aligns him with Wall Street bankers. Though the order was short on specifics, financial markets embraced Trump's signal that looser banking regulation is coming and pushed bank stocks higher. The Dow Jones US Banks stocks index closed up 2.6 per cent. At a White House forum on Friday with US business leaders, including JPMorgan Chase's CEO Jamie Dimon, Trump said his administration expects "to be cutting a lot out of Dodd-Frank". That will involve a lot more than issuing an order, said former Democratic congressman Barney Frank, co-author of the 2010 Dodd-Frank Wall Street reform law that raised capital requirements for banks, restricted their trading by means of the "Volcker Rule," and created the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau to guard against predatory lending. Trump "can't make any substantial change in the financial reform bill without Congress," Frank told Reuters. "The language in the order doesn't do anything. It tells the secretary of the Treasury to give them something to read. The tone of it is to weaken the bill." Trump and other critics of the Dodd-Frank law say its regulations have hindered lending. At the meeting with CEOs on Friday Trump said: "I have so many people, friends of mine, that have nice businesses that can't borrow money ... because the banks just won't let them borrow because of the rules and regulations in Dodd-Frank." Despite such criticisms, recent data from the Federal Reserve Bank of St Louis showed that US commercial-bank lending was at a 70-year high, climbing steadily since late-2010. Democratic senator Elizabeth Warren who lobbied for the creation of the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau accused Trump of forsaking middle- and lower-income individuals to help banks. "The Wall Street bankers and lobbyists whose greed and recklessness nearly destroyed this country may be toasting each other with champagne, but the American people have not forgotten the 2008 financial crisis - and they will not forget what happened today," she said in a statement. Trump's adviser leading the deregulation effort, National Economic Council Director Gary Cohn, was previously a top official at Goldman Sachs. Billionaire investor Carl Icahn, meanwhile, is counselling Trump on regulation across the government. One order signed by Trump requires the US Treasury Secretary to submit possible regulatory changes and legislation modifying Dodd-Frank in 120 days, according to a White House official. Trump's pick for Treasury secretary, Steve Mnuchin, also a former Goldman banker, has yet to be confirmed by the full Senate. Meanwhile, a memo tells the Labor Department to review a "fiduciary rule" for brokers offering retirement advice that was finalised in 2016. While early reports said Trump wanted to postpone the rule's implementation, originally slated for April, by 180 days, the order did not mention any delay. The Labor Department late on Friday said it was considering legal options for delaying. Representatives of the six largest US banks - JPMorgan Chase & Co, Bank of America Corp, Citigroup Inc , Wells Fargo & Co, Goldman Sachs Group Inc and Morgan Stanley - either declined to comment or did not have an immediate comment. Bankers, lawyers and lobbyists privately said Trump's order would not do much immediately. Also, they said they would prefer less-extensive modifications to Dodd-Frank after spending billions of dollars complying with the law. Many want to make it "a little bit more user-friendly," said John Kanas, chairman of BankUnited, a lender with less than $US20 billion ($A26 billion) in assets. House of Representatives Financial Services Committee Chairman Jeb Hensarling, a Republican, told reporters at the White House that Trump's approach reflects legislation he has drafted to review Dodd-Frank. Hensarling is expected to re-introduce his bill allowing banks to choose between complying with Dodd-Frank and holding more capital later in February. Trump could also make changes simply by appointing new personnel or not enforcing rules. "A lot of the regulations of Dodd-Frank required a bit of a cop-on-the-beat if you will, to ensure enforcement and if you have a different cop-on-the-beat, they enforce different rules, or they enforce the rules differently," said FBR & CO financial policy analyst Edward Mills. Many regulators, though, were appointed by Trump's predecessor, President Barack Obama, and intend to complete their terms. Trump cannot fire heads of independent agencies, including the three top bank regulators: Federal Reserve Chair Janet Yellen, Comptroller of the Currency Thomas Curry, and Federal Deposit Insurance Corp Chairman Martin Gruenberg. In addition, the term for Richard Cordray, the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau director, stretches into next year. Republican lawmakers are pushing Trump to fire Cordray, but a federal court's decision allowing him to has been stayed pending appeal. Meanwhile, some US financial policy leaders want to keep the law. Chicago Fed President Charles Evans said on Friday Dodd-Frank "has largely been helpful" and led to a banking system with "more and better capital". Explore Related Content 1 - 1 of 1 prevnext 【搜尋推介】過年使費多！即比較限時低息貸款優惠 減低利息支出 即日熱搜 為您搜羅最新熱門搜尋資訊，立即查看！ Top Stories » Ford invests $1b in robotics start-upAAP Ford will invest $US1 billion ($A1.3 billion) in robotics start-up Argo AI as part of its quest to have a fully … Algorithms: the managers of our digital livesAFP How algorithms (secretly) run the worldAFP Kirin to buy Mandalay Brewery to dominate Myanmar market: reportAFP Sponsored  On This Site HOME NEWS & OPINION TAX TIME 2016 INVESTING MY PORTFOLIOS PERSONAL FINANCE VIDEO Expert Opinion ALSO ON YAHOO7 Mail Stocks & Shares Forum Meet Single Women Meet Single Men TV Guide Easy Recipe Ideas Go Travelling Tips To Great Sex Breaking News Find Your Dream Car Weather Forecast Find A Job All Yahoo7 Services » Trending Now Aust heat wave Last minute accommodation Guillermo Amor Flowers Trump travel ban Personal loan France attack Adelaide Accommodation Trump China Toyota Help / Suggestions Privacy Terms Quotes are real-time for NASDAQ, NYSE, and NYSEAmex when available. See also delay times for other exchanges. Quotes and other information supplied by independent providers identified on the Yahoo! Finance partner page. Quotes are updated automatically, but will be turned off after 25 minutes of inactivity. Quotes are delayed at least 15 minutes. All information provided "as is" for informational purposes only, not intended for trading purposes or advice. Neither Yahoo! nor any of independent providers is liable for any informational errors, incompleteness, or delays, or for any actions taken in reliance on information contained herein. By accessing the Yahoo! site, you agree not to redistribute the information found therein. Fundamental company data provided by Capital IQ. Historical chart data and daily updates provided by Commodity Systems, Inc. (CSI). International historical chart data and daily updates provided by Morningstar, Inc. Yahoo7 News Network
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy   Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Tenaris S.A. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Tenaris S.A. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Blackrock Throgmorton Trust PLC (THRG) Increases Dividend to GBX 6.25 Per Share Pattern Energy Group Inc. (PEGI) Stock Rating Lowered by Zacks Investment Research Analysts Issue Forecasts for Akamai Technologies, Inc.’s Q1 2017 Earnings (AKAM) Allergan PLC. (AGN) Forecasted to Post Q1 2017 Earnings of $3.55 Per Share AngioDynamics, Inc. (ANGO) Receives $16.63 Average Target Price from Brokerages Sanatana Resources Inc (STA) Director Peter Leighton Miles Purchases 372,000 Shares of Stock Alexander & Baldwin Holdings, Inc. (ALEX) Director Stanley M. Kuriyama Sells 4,250 Shares Nicholas Financial, Inc. (NICK) Major Shareholder Magnolia Capital Fund, Lp Purchases 19,196 Shares Brokerages Anticipate Air Methods Corporation (AIRM) to Post $0.61 Earnings Per Share Owens Corning Inc (OC) Upgraded to Hold by Zacks Investment Research Avon Products, Inc. (AVP) Forecasted to Post Q1 2017 Earnings of $0.05 Per Share Analysts Offer Predictions for Camden Property Trust’s Q1 2017 Earnings (CPT) Jefferies Group Comments on CenturyLink, Inc.’s Q1 2017 Earnings (CTL) Brokerages Set Computer Programs and Systems, Inc. (CPSI) Price Target at $34.55 Seaport Global Securities Brokers Cut Earnings Estimates for Diamond Offshore Drilling, Inc. (DO) Daniel Kerzner Sells 36,000 Shares of Alarm.com Holdings, Inc. (ALRM) Stock Elissa Fink Sells 5,000 Shares of Tableau Software, Inc. (DATA) Stock Eaton Vance Tax-Managed Global Buy-Write (ETW) to Issue $0.10 Monthly Dividend Fiserv, Inc. to Post Q1 2017 Earnings of $1.18 Per Share, SunTrust Banks Forecasts (FISV) Marriott International (MAR) Receives $83.98 Average Target Price from Brokerages AMP Capital Investors Ltd Sells 104,672 Shares of Tenaris S.A. (TS) February 5th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Tyrone Williams Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet AMP Capital Investors Ltd lowered its stake in shares of Tenaris S.A. (NYSE:TS) by 64.1% during the third quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The fund owned 58,667 shares of the company’s stock after selling 104,672 shares during the period. AMP Capital Investors Ltd’s holdings in Tenaris were worth $1,634,000 as of its most recent SEC filing. Other hedge funds have also modified their holdings of the company. JPMorgan Chase & Co. boosted its stake in shares of Tenaris by 105.6% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 3,831 shares of the company’s stock valued at $109,000 after buying an additional 72,569 shares during the last quarter. Advisor Group Inc. purchased a new position in shares of Tenaris during the second quarter valued at about $117,000. BOKF NA raised its position in shares of Tenaris by 9,446.0% in the second quarter. BOKF NA now owns 4,773 shares of the company’s stock valued at $138,000 after buying an additional 4,723 shares during the period. Independent Portfolio Consultants Inc. raised its position in shares of Tenaris by 5.2% in the third quarter. Independent Portfolio Consultants Inc. now owns 5,945 shares of the company’s stock valued at $169,000 after buying an additional 295 shares during the period. Finally, First Trust Advisors LP purchased a new position in shares of Tenaris during the second quarter valued at about $203,000. Institutional investors own 16.23% of the company’s stock. Tenaris S.A. (NYSE:TS) traded up 0.51% during trading on Friday, hitting $35.14. 2,164,934 shares of the stock were exchanged. Tenaris S.A. has a 52 week low of $19.44 and a 52 week high of $37.21. The firm’s 50-day moving average is $35.58 and its 200 day moving average is $30.51. The firm’s market cap is $20.74 billion. Tenaris (NYSE:TS) last announced its earnings results on Thursday, November 3rd. The company reported $0.03 earnings per share for the quarter, topping analysts’ consensus estimates of ($0.02) by $0.05. Tenaris had a negative net margin of 0.52% and a negative return on equity of 0.21%. The business earned $1.05 billion during the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $1.03 billion. During the same quarter last year, the firm earned ($0.30) earnings per share. Tenaris’s quarterly revenue was down 32.8% on a year-over-year basis. Analysts expect that Tenaris S.A. will post $0.08 earnings per share for the current fiscal year. WARNING: “AMP Capital Investors Ltd Sells 104,672 Shares of Tenaris S.A. (TS)” was published by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are accessing this piece on another site, it was illegally copied and reposted in violation of United States and international copyright laws. The original version of this piece can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/02/05/amp-capital-investors-ltd-sells-104672-shares-of-tenaris-s-a-ts.html. Several equities analysts have recently issued reports on TS shares. Guggenheim reissued a “buy” rating on shares of Tenaris in a report on Wednesday, December 7th. Zacks Investment Research raised shares of Tenaris from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $41.00 price target for the company in a report on Tuesday, January 24th. Berenberg Bank started coverage on shares of Tenaris in a report on Tuesday, October 11th. They issued a “hold” rating for the company. J P Morgan Chase & Co raised shares of Tenaris from an “underweight” rating to a “neutral” rating and set a $35.00 price target for the company in a report on Thursday, January 19th. Finally, Morgan Stanley raised shares of Tenaris from an “equal weight” rating to an “overweight” rating in a report on Tuesday, January 31st. Two research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, six have issued a hold rating and seven have given a buy rating to the company. Tenaris presently has an average rating of “Hold” and an average target price of $33.29. About Tenaris Tenaris SA is a holding company, which is a supplier of steel pipe products and related services for energy industry and other industrial applications. The Company operates through Tubes business segment. The Tubes segment includes the production and sale of both seamless and welded steel tubular products, and related services primarily for the oil and gas industry, principally oil country tubular goods used in drilling operations, and for other industrial applications with production processes. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding TS? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Tenaris S.A. (NYSE:TS). Receive News & Ratings for Tenaris S.A. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Tenaris S.A. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News White House Announces Conway Was Counseled Warren Receives Support After GOP Formally Silences Her Report: Trump Was Not Completely Briefed on Bannon NSC Seat Justice Department Will Challenge Stop to Travel Ban President Trump Cancels Harley-Davidson Trip Due to Possible Protests © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact US Privacy Policy Staff Daily Email Updates Headlines Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Investing Bottomline Technologies Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Bottomline Technologies Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Recent Posts OraSure Technologies, Inc. (OSUR) Lifted to Strong-Buy at Zacks Investment Research Zacks Investment Research Lowers Orion Energy Systems, Inc. (OESX) to Hold Tenneco Inc. (TEN) to Post Q1 2017 Earnings of $1.38 Per Share, Northcoast Research Forecasts Barrington Research Comments on Snap-On Incorporated’s Q1 2017 Earnings (SNA) Equities Analysts Offer Predictions for Sanderson Farms, Inc.’s Q1 2017 Earnings (SAFM) UK Commercial Property Trust Limited Plans Dividend of GBX 0.92 (UKCM) Zacks: ICU Medical, Inc. (ICUI) Given Average Rating of “Buy” by Analysts News Corporation (NWSA) Receives $16.00 Consensus Price Target from Brokerages Generac Holdlings Inc. (GNRC) Receives $40.50 Consensus Price Target from Analysts Financial Engines, Inc. (FNGN) EVP Christopher L. Jones Sells 6,667 Shares Eaton Vance Tax-Advantaged Global Divide (ETO) To Go Ex-Dividend on February 16th Eaton Vance Tax-Managed Global Dive Eq (EXG) To Go Ex-Dividend on February 16th Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd. (RCL) Receives $95.82 Average Target Price from Analysts Q1 2017 Earnings Forecast for Corrections Corp. of America Issued By SunTrust Banks (CXW) Michael Rapino Sells 210,000 Shares of Live Nation Entertainment, Inc. (LYV) Stock Model N, Inc. (MODN) Raised to Buy at Zacks Investment Research Masco Corporation Forecasted to Earn Q1 2017 Earnings of $0.36 Per Share (MAS) Equities Analysts Issue Forecasts for Kilroy Realty Corporation’s Q1 2017 Earnings (KRC) Q1 2017 EPS Estimates for Humana Inc. (HUM) Decreased by Analyst Ring Energy (REI) Receives $15.90 Average Price Target from Analysts Bottomline Technologies, Inc. (EPAY) Stake Increased by Rhumbline Advisers Posted by Dave Schultz on Feb 5th, 2017 // No Comments Tweet Rhumbline Advisers boosted its stake in Bottomline Technologies, Inc. (NASDAQ:EPAY) by 4.1% during the third quarter, according to its most recent disclosure with the SEC. The firm owned 53,656 shares of the company’s stock after buying an additional 2,110 shares during the period. Rhumbline Advisers owned 0.14% of Bottomline Technologies worth $1,251,000 at the end of the most recent reporting period. Other hedge funds and other institutional investors have also recently made changes to their positions in the company. JPMorgan Chase & Co. boosted its position in shares of Bottomline Technologies by 0.7% in the second quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 21,925 shares of the company’s stock valued at $472,000 after buying an additional 163 shares during the last quarter. Arizona State Retirement System boosted its position in shares of Bottomline Technologies by 1.0% in the second quarter. Arizona State Retirement System now owns 19,688 shares of the company’s stock valued at $424,000 after buying an additional 200 shares during the last quarter. BB&T Corp boosted its position in shares of Bottomline Technologies by 2.3% in the third quarter. BB&T Corp now owns 10,607 shares of the company’s stock valued at $247,000 after buying an additional 242 shares during the last quarter. Teacher Retirement System of Texas boosted its position in shares of Bottomline Technologies by 13.7% in the second quarter. Teacher Retirement System of Texas now owns 5,651 shares of the company’s stock valued at $122,000 after buying an additional 682 shares during the last quarter. Finally, Thrivent Financial for Lutherans boosted its position in shares of Bottomline Technologies by 4.8% in the second quarter. Thrivent Financial for Lutherans now owns 18,320 shares of the company’s stock valued at $394,000 after buying an additional 840 shares during the last quarter. Institutional investors own 92.35% of the company’s stock. Shares of Bottomline Technologies, Inc. (NASDAQ:EPAY) opened at 26.99 on Friday. The firm has a 50-day moving average of $25.41 and a 200-day moving average of $23.38. The firm’s market capitalization is $1.02 billion. Bottomline Technologies, Inc. has a 1-year low of $18.48 and a 1-year high of $31.52. Bottomline Technologies (NASDAQ:EPAY) last announced its quarterly earnings results on Wednesday, February 1st. The company reported $0.26 EPS for the quarter, beating analysts’ consensus estimates of $0.18 by $0.08. The company earned $86.73 million during the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $85.38 million. Bottomline Technologies had a positive return on equity of 6.20% and a negative net margin of 9.01%. Bottomline Technologies’s revenue was up .8% on a year-over-year basis. During the same period in the prior year, the business posted $0.38 EPS. On average, equities research analysts anticipate that Bottomline Technologies, Inc. will post $0.86 EPS for the current fiscal year. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY NOTICE: This news story was first published by Web Breaking News and is owned by of Web Breaking News. If you are accessing this news story on another publication, it was illegally stolen and reposted in violation of United States and international copyright legislation. The correct version of this news story can be read at http://www.webbreakingnews.com/2017/02/05/bottomline-technologies-inc-epay-stake-increased-by-rhumbline-advisers.html. Several research firms recently commented on EPAY. TheStreet upgraded shares of Bottomline Technologies from a “d+” rating to a “c” rating in a report on Wednesday. Needham & Company LLC raised their price target on shares of Bottomline Technologies from $28.00 to $31.00 and gave the stock a “buy” rating in a report on Thursday. Finally, Zacks Investment Research upgraded shares of Bottomline Technologies from a “sell” rating to a “hold” rating in a report on Wednesday, October 26th. Six investment analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and three have issued a buy rating to the company. Bottomline Technologies presently has a consensus rating of “Hold” and a consensus price target of $27.50. In other news, Director Jennifer M. Gray sold 2,000 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction dated Wednesday, November 30th. The stock was sold at an average price of $24.76, for a total value of $49,520.00. Following the completion of the sale, the director now directly owns 4,000 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $99,040. The sale was disclosed in a document filed with the SEC, which is accessible through this hyperlink. Also, Director Jeffrey C. Leathe sold 4,000 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction dated Monday, December 5th. The shares were sold at an average price of $24.75, for a total value of $99,000.00. Following the completion of the sale, the director now directly owns 4,000 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $99,000. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Over the last ninety days, insiders sold 42,622 shares of company stock valued at $968,661. 3.20% of the stock is currently owned by company insiders. About Bottomline Technologies Bottomline Technologies (de), Inc is engaged in providing a set of cloud-based business payment, digital banking, fraud prevention, payment and financial document solutions. The Company helps businesses pay and get paid. It offers hosted or Software as a Service (SaaS) solutions, as well as software designed to run on-site at the customer’s location. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding EPAY? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Bottomline Technologies, Inc. (NASDAQ:EPAY). Receive News & Ratings for Bottomline Technologies Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Bottomline Technologies Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter. « Previous Berenberg Bank Reiterates Sell Rating for Southern Copper Corporation (SCCO) Next » Rhumbline Advisers Acquires 2,155 Shares of Boise Cascade, L.L.C. (BCC) Latest News Nike Suspends Relationship with Maria Sharapova Rob Bironas Ex-Titans Kicker Dies in Car Crash Ron Washington Leaves Texas Rangers Due to an Affair Jonathan Dwyer Falls in Line with Other Banned NFL Players Tony Stewart Case Going to the Grand Jury Oscar Pistorius “Blade Runner” Found Not Guilty of Murder Leave a Reply Click here to cancel reply. Name (Required) Mail (will not be published) (Required) Website   Home Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Headlines Investing © 2006-2017 Web Breaking News.
Skip to navigation Skip to content Skip to footer View text version of this page Help using this website - Accessibility statement Menu Canberra Times Business Login Sign-up Become a Canberra Times member today Join today and you can easily save your favourite articles, join in the conversation and comment, plus select which news your want direct to your inbox. Create your account now! Become a Canberra Times member today Join today and you can easily save your favourite articles, join in the conversation and comment, plus select which news your want direct to your inbox. Create your account now! Home News Sport Business Public Service World Politics Comment Property Entertainment Lifestyle Cars Travel Tech Video All News ACT News ACT Election 2016 National Environment Health Education Good Weekend NSW News Victoria News Queensland WA News Sport ACT Sport NRL Union AFL Cricket Racing Soccer Golf Basketball Cycling Motorsport Tennis Scores Athletics Swimming Boxing Sailing Netball Fitz Files Business News & Views Markets Quotes Workplace Consumer Property Innovation Retail Economy CBD Money Small Business News Opinion Video Cartoons The Pulse Federal Election 2016 Your Vote Electorate Map Letters Editorials Obituaries View from the Street John Birmingham Satire Movies Music TV Guide TV & Radio Art Books Stage Video News & Views Life & Relationships Health & Wellbeing Beauty Fashion Celebrity Home The Optimist The Store News Security Web Culture Innovation Science Games Gadgets on the Go Smartphone Apps Mobiles eSports News Sport Business Entertainment Lifestyle Travel Property Cars Food Exec Style Parenting Search Site News & Views Markets Quotes Workplace Consumer Property Innovation Retail Economy CBD Money Small Biz Comment Insight World  Mining Banking Aviation Energy Media China Budget Events Home Business News & Views World  February 6 2017 Save Print 'The fox is in the hen house': Trump to roll back regulations designed to prevent another GFC Zeke Faux, Yalman Onaran and Jenny Surane Show comments facebook SHARE twitter TWEET email google-plus linkedin reddit More As he prepared to sign orders designed to roll back bank regulations enacted to stop the next financial crisis, President Donald Trump said that the rules are stifling lending. "We expect to be cutting a lot out of Dodd-Frank, because frankly I have so many people, friends of mine, that have nice businesses and they can't borrow money," Trump said. SHARE Share on Facebook SHARE Share on Twitter TWEET Pin to Pinterest PIN Link US President Donald Trump. Photo: Bloomberg "They just can't get any money because the banks just won't let them borrow because of the rules and regulations in Dodd-Frank." That may be the case for the president's friends – although Trump pal Carl Icahn seemed to have little trouble two weeks ago when he borrowed US$1.2 billion ($1.6 billion) – but it's not supported by data. Lending declined initially after 2008, when the entire banking industry was almost wiped out by the collapse of the US housing market. But it's grown steadily since then, expanding by 6 per cent a year since 2013, far faster than the economy. Banks now have a record US$9.1 trillion of loans outstanding. Advertisement "Loan growth remains robust," JPMorgan Chase & Co chief financial officer Marianne Lake said last month. At JPMorgan, the biggest US bank, core loans increased 10 per cent to US$806.2 billion last year, with gains in every category including credit cards and wholesale debt. Bank of America Corp's total loans climbed 1.1 per cent to US$906.8 billion, while Wells Fargo & Co's grew 5.6 per cent to US$968 billion. 'Reducing Transparency' "I don't think this is about the financial sector making more loans," said Michael Barr, a University of Michigan law professor who helped design the Dodd-Frank Rule while working for the previous administration. "They are reducing transparency in the system and reducing guardrails that are going to keep the system safe." One hated provision of Dodd-Frank -- the Volcker rule -- bans the largest firms from making speculative bets with their own money. Goldman Sachs Group Inc's return on equity, a measure of profitability, has dropped from as high as 34 per cent before the crisis to 8 per cent last quarter. That means less money for bonuses and shareholder dividends. Former Goldman Sachs president Gary Cohn, now Trump's top economic adviser, looked on Friday as Trump signed two directives aimed at loosening financial regulations. Among the targets are the Volcker rule, the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau and a requirement that advisers on retirement accounts work in the best interests of their clients. Cohn said in a Bloomberg Television interview that the administration can make many changes without the involvement of Congress, where Trump's deregulation agenda will face Democratic opposition. "Every place a bank needs to hold capital and they need to retain capital prohibits them from lending," Cohn said in the interview. "So we're going to attack all aspects of Dodd-Frank." Bank Capital Banks don't actually "hold" capital. In banking, capital refers to the funding they receive from shareholders. Every penny of it can be loaned out. A 5 per cent minimum capital requirement means that 5 per cent of the bank's liabilities has to be equity, while the rest can be deposits or other borrowing. The more equity a bank has, the smaller its risk of failing when losses pile up. "The claim that regulations are prohibiting lending is simply false," said Anat Admati, a Stanford University finance professor and member of the Federal Deposit Insurance Corp's Systemic Resolution Advisory Committee. "The banks have plenty of money and can raise more from investors like other businesses if they have worthy loans to make. If they don't lend, it's because they choose not to lend and instead do many other things." While raising capital requirements doesn't prohibit lending, it can slow the growth of loans because banks are often reluctant to raise more equity from shareholders. Dodd-Frank also didn't set capital requirements. Those are decided internationally by regulators from 27 countries that gather at the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision. Former Goldman Sachs partner Philip D. Murphy, who was a member of the bank's management committee with Cohn and Treasury Secretary nominee Steven Mnuchin, said he's mystified by the changes they're pushing. "To think that undoing those regulations is going to lead to a better result is folly," says Murphy, who's seeking the Democratic nomination in this year's New Jersey gubernatorial race. "The fox is in the hen house, that's what this is. This is people on Wall Street, who should know better." Bloomberg 0 comments Log in to comment New User? Sign up You are logged in as unknown Logout 300 words Close comment form Write your comment here Screen name (required) Location (optional) I understand that submission of this content is covered by the Conditions of Use by which I am bound and Commenting Guidelines are available for my reference. Close Thank you Your comment has been submitted for approval. Please note that comments are moderated and are generally published if they are on-topic and not abusive. Sort comments by Oldest Newest Advertisement HuffPost Australia Government Plans To Slash Youth ... Contains: External link Dick Pratt's Family Donated Way More To ... Contains: External link Most Popular 'Lie with the dog, you're going to come up with fleas' Domino's needs to face up to itself Now it's back to business as usual, bring on the wage rises Coles to test 12-item limit on self-service checkouts Wall Street jumps to record on 'phenomenal' tax hopes Follow BusinessDay Share on FacebookFacebook Share on TwitterTwitter Follow Canberra Times Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on EmailNewsletters Advertisement Most Viewed Today Previous slide Next slide Business 'Lie with the dog, you're going to come up with fleas' The question the market finally dared to ask Rupert Murdoch Coles to test 12-item limit on self-service checkouts Now it's back to business as usual, bring on the wage rises Domino's needs to face up to itself Canberra Times Total fire ban to extend into Sunday as temperatures exceed 40 degrees Bush towns to bid for Canberra departments Three children in hospital after crash on Kings Highway Police seek witnesses after man and woman shot in Gordon Rain forecast and cooler temperatures on the way The Sydney Morning Herald Threat of blackouts looms as NSW bakes in heatwave Donald Trump plans travel ban backflip after court ruling, reports say Sea World dolphin show sabotaged by activists Inside the explosive far-right fundraiser where Muslims are fair game The Age Massive spider claims six seats for itself on busy Melbourne train First openly gay AFL player couple: "We're proud, and proud of each other" Norwegian Star cruise liner broken down and drifting near Melbourne AFP under fire over support services after experienced officer's death Brisbane Times Brisbane's 2016 food hall of shame revealed Sea World dolphin show sabotaged by activists Two far north Queensland punters win lotto three days apart Oh boy. It's meant to be 39 degrees in Brisbane on Sunday WA Today 'Puff, puff, pass': How WA's dolphins are using blowfish to get high Perth freeway hit and run pursuit caught on dash camera Wet and wild weather cancels Perth's weekend plans Northam residents evacuating as a precaution as flood waters rise Four seasons in one day ... in one country down under Canberra Times Share via Email Share on Facebook Share on Google Plus Share on Twitter RSS Feed Products and Services AM Edition PM Edition Good Food Guide Newsletters Canberra Times Photos Canberra Times Sitemap Subscriptions Contact Us Advertise With Us Sponsorship Text Version Site Accessibility Guide Classifieds Place an Ad Place a free ad CT Classifieds & Notices Cars Dating Jobs Domain Commercial Real Estate Oneflare Nabo Tributes Celebrations Our Sites SMH The Age AFR.com Adzuna Allhomes Domain Drive RSVP Essential Baby Home Price Guide Weatherzone Fairfax Media Member Centre News Store Archive Fairfax Syndication Careers Events Press Council Copyright © 2017Fairfax Media Website Feedback
Home About Contact Membership Store Donate USA Canada Latin America Africa Middle East Europe Russia & FSU Asia Oceania Notre site en Français: mondialisation.ca Español Italiano Deutsch Português srpski العربية Asia-Pacific Research Global Research grtv youtube twitter facebook rss US-NATO War Economy Civil Rights Environment Poverty Media Justice 9/11 War Crimes Militarization History Science Trump Issues Orders to Roll Back Bank Regulations Adopted in the Wake of the 2008 Wall Street Crash By Barry Grey Global Research, February 04, 2017 World Socialist Web Site 4 February 2017 Region: USA Theme: Global Economy President Donald Trump signed executive directives on Friday initiating a sweeping rollback of regulations on banks and financial brokers enacted under the Obama administration following the Wall Street crash of 2008. Trump’s actions target in particular the 2010 Dodd-Frank bank regulations and a Labor Department rule set to take effect in April requiring financial advisers to put the interests of retired clients before their own monetary rewards. The billionaire president seemed to flaunt his promotion of Wall Street’s interests, signing the two measures after meeting in the White House with his business council. The council is chaired by Stephen A. Schwarzman, the multi-billionaire chief executive of the private equity giant Blackstone Group. Among the dozen or so corporate executives in attendance were Jamie Dimon, another billionaire, who heads JPMorgan Chase, the largest US bank, and Laurence D. Fink, the mega-millionaire chief of the investment firm BlackRock. “We expect to be cutting a lot out of Dodd-Frank because frankly, I have so many people, friends of mine that had nice businesses, they can’t borrow money,” Trump said during his meeting with the corporate bosses. He praised Dimon, who has bitterly campaigned against the Dodd-Frank law. JP Morgan Chase was fined billions of dollars in the aftermath of the 2008 crisis for multiple violations of bank regulations and laws, including fraudulent sub-prime mortgage deals that contributed to the collapse of the US housing market in 2007. A frequent visitor to the Obama White House, Dimon was for a time known as “Obama’s favorite banker.” “There’s nobody better to tell me about Dodd-Frank than Jamie,” Trump declared. Trump also had high praise for Fink, touting BlackRock’s management of Trump money for earning “great returns.” Nothing could more clearly expose the farce of Trump’s pretensions to be a champion of the American worker. Wall Street celebrated the attack on financial regulations with a stock buying spree focused on bank and financial shares. The biggest winners were JPMorgan, Goldman Sachs and Visa on a day that saw the Dow surge 186 points to recoup recent losses. It closed once again above the 20,000 mark, ending at 20,071. The Standard & Poor’s 500 and Nasdaq indexes also recorded big gains, with the Nasdaq ending the trading session in record territory. Trump’s assault on bank regulations is of a piece with his moves to gut all legal and regulatory restrictions on corporate profit-making. Since taking office two weeks ago, he has signed executive orders mandating the lifting of regulations across the board, removed obstacles to the construction of the Keystone and Dakota Access oil pipelines, and picked long-time opponents of the Environmental Protection Agency, occupational health and safety rules, and limitations on industrial and mining pollution to head the federal agencies tasked with overseeing these activities. The White House economic program—including sharp tax cuts for corporations and the wealthy, an infrastructure program that amounts to a tax windfall for private investors, a hiring freeze for federal workers, and historic cuts in social programs such as Medicaid, Medicare and Social Security—is the fulfillment of the wish list of America’s financial oligarchy. Trump and his aides have denounced the 2010 Dodd-Frank law as a “disaster” and an “overreach” of government authority, and they have questioned its constitutionality. In fact, it is a largely token measure passed mainly to provide political cover for Obama’s multi-trillion-dollar bailout of Wall Street and the financial elite. Under Obama, not a single leading banker was prosecuted for the criminal activities that led to the biggest financial disaster and deepest slump since the 1930s, destroying the jobs, life savings and living standards of tens of millions of workers in the US and around the world. Despite the minimal restraints imposed by Dodd-Frank, during the Obama years bank profits soared, the wealth of the richest 400 Americans increased from $1.57 trillion to $2.4 trillion, the Dow rose by 148 percent, and the concentration of income and wealth in the hands of the top 10 percent, and above all the top 1 percent and 0.01 percent, reached historically unprecedented levels. But the financial oligarchy, whose grip on the country increased under Obama, will brook not even minor limitations on its “right” to plunder the American and world economy. The Obama years paved the way for the emergence, in the Trump administration, of a government that embodies the oligarchy not only in its policies, but also in its personnel, beginning with the billionaire real estate speculator and reality TV star at its head. Besides Trump, at least three multi-billionaires will occupy high posts in the administration, including Wilbur Ross, Betsy DeVos and Carl Icahn. Mega-millionaires will include Stephen Mnuchin, Rex Tillerson, Andrew Puzder, Elaine Chao and Gary Cohn, who gave up his number two post as president of Goldman Sachs to become the director of Trump’s National Economic Council. Overseeing Wall Street as head of the Securities and Exchange Commission will be the longtime lawyer for Goldman Sachs, Jay Clayton. In addition to Cohn, other Goldman alumni include Mnuchin and Trump’s top political adviser, Stephen Bannon. On Friday, Cohn told Bloomberg Television, “We’re going to attack all aspects of Dodd-Frank.” He absurdly accused the law of “shackling” US banks. The White House could do “quite a bit” on its own, he said, while making clear that the administration would work with the Republican-dominated Congress to finish the job of ripping up bank regulations. House Republicans are preparing to put forward a bill to replace Dodd-Frank in the coming weeks. Cohn singled out two provisions of the Dodd-Frank law for particular attack. The first is the so-called Volcker Rule, which restricts the ability of federally insured banks to make financial bets on their own behalf, in what is known as “proprietary trading.” Such gambling, including with depositors’ money, played a major role in the collapse of the banking system in 2008. Wall Street banks, led by Goldman Sachs and JPMorgan, have pushed relentlessly for the elimination of this provision. The second provision is the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau, a largely toothless body under the aegis of the Federal Reserve Board that is tasked with shielding the public from the depredations of the banks, credit card companies and other financial firms. Cohn indicated that the White House might demand the resignation of its director, Richard Cordray, as the first step in the bureau’s evisceration or outright elimination. “Personnel is policy,” he said. The second action Trump signed was a memorandum instructing the labor secretary to delay implementation of the rule banning financial advisers and brokers from recommending to their retired clients more expensive investments for the purpose of generating greater returns to the advisers. A 2015 report from the Obama administration concluded that “conflicted advice” costs retirement savers $17 billion a year. Even as Trump was issuing his executive directives on Friday, Senate Republicans were voting to repeal a rule linked to Dodd-Frank that requires oil companies to publicly disclose payments they make to governments in connection with their business operations around the world. Among those who lobbied against the Securities and Exchange rule was the new secretary of state, Rex Tillerson, in his capacity as CEO of Exxon Mobil. This amnesty for corporate bribery and criminality reveals the essence of the Trump administration’s scorched earth campaign against business regulations. The Democrats will do nothing to oppose these policies. Their opposition to Trump is focused on differences over US imperialist foreign policy, not opposition to his assault on the democratic and social rights of working people. But workers looking for an alternative to the political establishment who may have entertained hopes in Trump’s promises to restore decent-paying jobs will be rapidly disabused. The realization that they have once again been conned will have socially explosive consequences. The original source of this article is World Socialist Web Site Copyright © Barry Grey, World Socialist Web Site, 2017 Comment on Global Research Articles on our Facebook page Become a Member of Global Research Articles by: Barry Grey Disclaimer: The contents of this article are of sole responsibility of the author(s). The Centre for Research on Globalization will not be responsible for any inaccurate or incorrect statement in this article. The Center of Research on Globalization grants permission to cross-post original Global Research articles on community internet sites as long as the text & title are not modified. The source and the author's copyright must be displayed. For publication of Global Research articles in print or other forms including commercial internet sites, contact: publications@globalresearch.ca www.globalresearch.ca contains copyrighted material the use of which has not always been specifically authorized by the copyright owner. We are making such material available to our readers under the provisions of "fair use" in an effort to advance a better understanding of political, economic and social issues. The material on this site is distributed without profit to those who have expressed a prior interest in receiving it for research and educational purposes. If you wish to use copyrighted material for purposes other than "fair use" you must request permission from the copyright owner. For media inquiries: publications@globalresearch.ca Latest News / Top Stories 19th Century Protest and the Matchgirls Strike (1888): Annie Besant, London’s First Wonder Woman Neocons Use Ukraine to Reverse Trump Plan to Thaw Relations with Putin and Wage Global War Selected Articles: US Senate’s Anti-Russia Legislation, Iran’s Role in Syria Crisis, Calexit: Should California Secede? America’s “War on Terrorism” – Understanding the Web of Deceit Threatening Humanity Triumphing over Reality: China, Australia and Free Trade Trump Blurts out the Truth about US Killings and the Media Goes Wild Liberalism’s False Freedoms: What’s Wrong with the “Cancer Battle”? Neocon Iran-Contra Elliot Abrams for Key Deputy Secretary of State Position? Leak of the Trump-Putin Phone Call, Reveals Trump Unfamiliar With Russia Nuclear Treaty The Russia Review Act: Senate Aims to Block Trump From Lifting Sanctions on Russia Iran has been “Implacable in the Rejection of Washington’s Destructive Role in Syria” BREXIT: Civil Liberties and Civil Rights to Become “Civil Maybe’s” Legal Blow to Donald Trump, US Judges Reject Travel Ban Targeted at Muslims Its Foreign Greed And Delusion That Kills Yemeni Children The Long Road to Impeach Trump Just Got Shorter Most Popular All Articles Global Research Publishers Click Here To Order Online News Themes Terrorism Biotechnology and GMO Crimes against Humanity Culture, Society & History Environment Global Economy Intelligence Law and Justice Media Disinformation Militarization and WMD Oil and Energy Civil Rights Politics and Religion Poverty & Social Inequality Science and Medicine United Nations US NATO War Agenda Women’s Rights I-Books Series IN-DEPTH REPORTS UKRAINE REPORT SYRIA: NATO’S NEXT WAR? IRAN: THE NEXT WAR? IRAQ REPORT AFGHANISTAN CLIMATE CHANGE CRIMINALIZE WAR DEPLETED URANIUM FAKE INTELLIGENCE HAITI NATO’S WAR ON LIBYA NORTH KOREA NUCLEAR WAR OCCUPY WALL STREET PAKISTAN PALESTINE THE BALKANS GLOBAL RESEARCH VIDEOS The global research news hour U.S. Elections Join us on Facebook Partner Websites Project Censored Stop NATO Strategic Culture Foundation The Corbett Report Washington's Blog youtube twitter facebook rss Global Research News I-BOOKS SERIES Countries Index Authors Index Most Popular Links Contact Membership Online Store Themes Geographic Regions US NATO War Agenda Global Economy Crimes against Humanity Militarization and WMD Law and Justice Police State & Civil Rights Culture, Society & History 9/11 & ‘War on Terrorism’ Media Disinformation Militarization and WMD Oil and Energy Police State & Civil Rights Religion Poverty & Social Inequality Science and Medicine United Nations US NATO War Agenda Women’s Rights USA Canada Middle East & North Africa Latin America & Caribbean Europe sub-Saharan Africa Russia and FSU Asia Oceania GlobalResearch Center for Research on Globalization Privacy Policy Copyright © 2005-2017 GlobalResearch.ca
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy   Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Signature Bank - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Signature Bank with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Blackrock Throgmorton Trust PLC (THRG) Increases Dividend to GBX 6.25 Per Share Pattern Energy Group Inc. (PEGI) Stock Rating Lowered by Zacks Investment Research Analysts Issue Forecasts for Akamai Technologies, Inc.’s Q1 2017 Earnings (AKAM) Allergan PLC. (AGN) Forecasted to Post Q1 2017 Earnings of $3.55 Per Share AngioDynamics, Inc. (ANGO) Receives $16.63 Average Target Price from Brokerages Sanatana Resources Inc (STA) Director Peter Leighton Miles Purchases 372,000 Shares of Stock Alexander & Baldwin Holdings, Inc. (ALEX) Director Stanley M. Kuriyama Sells 4,250 Shares Nicholas Financial, Inc. (NICK) Major Shareholder Magnolia Capital Fund, Lp Purchases 19,196 Shares Brokerages Anticipate Air Methods Corporation (AIRM) to Post $0.61 Earnings Per Share Owens Corning Inc (OC) Upgraded to Hold by Zacks Investment Research Avon Products, Inc. (AVP) Forecasted to Post Q1 2017 Earnings of $0.05 Per Share Analysts Offer Predictions for Camden Property Trust’s Q1 2017 Earnings (CPT) Jefferies Group Comments on CenturyLink, Inc.’s Q1 2017 Earnings (CTL) Brokerages Set Computer Programs and Systems, Inc. (CPSI) Price Target at $34.55 Seaport Global Securities Brokers Cut Earnings Estimates for Diamond Offshore Drilling, Inc. (DO) Daniel Kerzner Sells 36,000 Shares of Alarm.com Holdings, Inc. (ALRM) Stock Elissa Fink Sells 5,000 Shares of Tableau Software, Inc. (DATA) Stock Eaton Vance Tax-Managed Global Buy-Write (ETW) to Issue $0.10 Monthly Dividend Fiserv, Inc. to Post Q1 2017 Earnings of $1.18 Per Share, SunTrust Banks Forecasts (FISV) Marriott International (MAR) Receives $83.98 Average Target Price from Brokerages AMP Capital Investors Ltd Lowers Stake in Signature Bank (SBNY) February 4th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Tyrone Williams Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet AMP Capital Investors Ltd reduced its stake in Signature Bank (NASDAQ:SBNY) by 23.4% during the third quarter, according to its most recent filing with the SEC. The firm owned 15,705 shares of the company’s stock after selling 4,800 shares during the period. AMP Capital Investors Ltd’s holdings in Signature Bank were worth $1,842,000 as of its most recent SEC filing. Several other large investors have also recently modified their holdings of the company. JPMorgan Chase & Co. boosted its stake in shares of Signature Bank by 17.0% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 2,010,459 shares of the company’s stock valued at $238,140,000 after buying an additional 291,889 shares during the period. FSI Group LLC purchased a new stake in shares of Signature Bank during the second quarter valued at about $1,249,000. Skandinaviska Enskilda Banken AB publ boosted its stake in shares of Signature Bank by 23.0% in the third quarter. Skandinaviska Enskilda Banken AB publ now owns 9,100 shares of the company’s stock valued at $1,078,000 after buying an additional 1,700 shares during the period. Northern Trust Corp boosted its stake in shares of Signature Bank by 1.1% in the third quarter. Northern Trust Corp now owns 623,470 shares of the company’s stock valued at $73,850,000 after buying an additional 6,900 shares during the period. Finally, BlackRock Japan Co. Ltd boosted its stake in shares of Signature Bank by 1.4% in the third quarter. BlackRock Japan Co. Ltd now owns 64,037 shares of the company’s stock valued at $7,585,000 after buying an additional 874 shares during the period. 92.60% of the stock is currently owned by hedge funds and other institutional investors. Signature Bank (NASDAQ:SBNY) traded up 2.31% during mid-day trading on Friday, reaching $157.56. The company’s stock had a trading volume of 397,934 shares. Signature Bank has a 52 week low of $113.53 and a 52 week high of $164.23. The company’s 50-day moving average price is $152.58 and its 200 day moving average price is $132.73. The firm has a market capitalization of $8.46 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 21.38 and a beta of 0.94. Signature Bank (NASDAQ:SBNY) last posted its earnings results on Thursday, January 19th. The company reported $2.11 earnings per share for the quarter, beating the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of $2.09 by $0.02. Signature Bank had a net margin of 29.14% and a return on equity of 12.36%. During the same period in the prior year, the firm posted $2.01 earnings per share. On average, equities analysts forecast that Signature Bank will post $9.16 earnings per share for the current fiscal year. WARNING: This piece was first published by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are viewing this piece on another publication, it was illegally stolen and reposted in violation of U.S. and international copyright and trademark laws. The correct version of this piece can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/02/04/amp-capital-investors-ltd-lowers-stake-in-signature-bank-sbny.html. SBNY has been the topic of several research reports. Deutsche Bank AG reaffirmed a “buy” rating and issued a $153.00 target price on shares of Signature Bank in a report on Friday, October 21st. BMO Capital Markets cut Signature Bank from an “outperform” rating to a “market perform” rating and set a $128.00 price objective on the stock. in a research note on Friday, October 21st. Hovde Group cut Signature Bank from a “market perform” rating to an “underperform” rating in a research note on Monday, November 14th. Barclays PLC boosted their price objective on Signature Bank from $163.00 to $173.00 and gave the stock an “overweight” rating in a research note on Friday, January 20th. Finally, FBR & Co reduced their price objective on Signature Bank from $155.00 to $140.00 and set an “outperform” rating on the stock in a research note on Friday, October 21st. One investment analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, four have issued a hold rating, nine have issued a buy rating and two have issued a strong buy rating to the stock. Signature Bank has an average rating of “Buy” and a consensus price target of $155.93. About Signature Bank Signature Bank is a full-service commercial bank. The Bank operates over 30 private client offices throughout the New York metropolitan area. Its segments include Commercial Banking and Specialty Finance. It offers a range of business and personal banking products and services. Its specialty finance subsidiary, Signature Financial LLC (Signature Financial), provides equipment finance and leasing services. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding SBNY? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Signature Bank (NASDAQ:SBNY). Receive News & Ratings for Signature Bank Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Signature Bank and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News White House Announces Conway Was Counseled Warren Receives Support After GOP Formally Silences Her Report: Trump Was Not Completely Briefed on Bannon NSC Seat Justice Department Will Challenge Stop to Travel Ban President Trump Cancels Harley-Davidson Trip Due to Possible Protests © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login MENU Latest Stock Picks News Investing News Fool Podcasts Guides How to Invest Retirement Personal Finance Motley Fool Answers Options Trading Find a Broker Compare IRA Accounts ETF - Exchange Traded Funds Community Discussion Boards CAPS More About Help My Fool My Fool My Profile My Watchlist My Scorecard My Boards My CAPS My Reports My Subscriptions My Settings Premium Advice My Services None Other Services None Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Search Search: Lessons for Investors from the History of JPMorgan Chase Investors in bank stocks can learn a lot by studying the ascent of JPMorgan Chase. John Maxfield (JohnMaxfield37) Feb 4, 2017 at 9:29AM You may or may not know this, but JPMorgan Chase (NYSE:JPM) is the biggest bank in America. But even if you did know that, you probably don't know how it achieved such an incredible feat. As you'll see, the story behind JPMorgan Chase's ascent is just as important today as at any time in history. America's most venerated bank By all accounts, JPMorgan Chase is our most venerated bank. It's not the oldest -- that distinction goes to The Bank of New York Mellon, which was founded by a group of investors that included Alexander Hamilton. But if you think about the evolution of American finance, no bank looms larger than JPMorgan Chase. The New York-based bank climbed to the top of the financial industry at a critical time. Founded in the wake of the Civil War, and tied to a respected bank based in the United Kingdom, JPMorgan took the lead in financing the growth of the American industrial revolution throughout the Gilded Age. The British had money. The Americans had manpower and resources. JPMorgan connected the two, neither of which could have maximized its value without the other. John Pierpont Morgan, the founder of JPMorgan Chase. Just as importantly, JPMorgan Chase played the role of a central bank in the roughly eight-decade stretch when America was without one. Like Ben Bernanke and Hank Paulson during the financial crisis of 2008, John Pierpont Morgan worked tirelessly during the Panic of 1907 to stop it from evolving into a full-blown depression. It was in no small part the fear of his impending absence that led policymakers to establish the Federal Reserve in 1914. Morgan only succeeded at stopping the crisis after literally locking the other leading bankers of the day in his library until they agreed to work together to stem the bank runs erupting up and down Wall Street. Indeed, the popular notion that he was a fat cat banker who was out only to enrich himself simply isn't true. "And to think he wasn't even a rich man," John D. Rockefeller was reported to have said after Morgan's death in 1913. Either way, it wasn't long after the Morgan family relinquished control of the bank a few decades later that it began to slip from the apex of American finance. It had a number of outstanding bankers at the helm throughout the early 1900s -- notably, Henry Davison and Thomas Lamont -- but a new king was crowned after World War II. The new kings of finance It was in the 1960s that Citigroup (NYSE:C) began its climb to the top of the bank industry, powered by its strategy of looking abroad for growth and investing heavily in technology. Fast forward another few decades and Bank of America (NYSE:BAC) joined it at the summit, riding the wave of deregulation to construct the nation's first coast-to-coast branch network. Going into the financial crisis of 2008, JPMorgan Chase was far from the biggest bank in the country. It oversaw $1.6 trillion worth of assets at the end of 2007 compared to Citigroup's $2.2 trillion and Bank of America's $1.7 trillion. But while Citigroup and Bank of America had a leg up on JPMorgan Chase going into the crisis, this relationship soon inverted. Data source: YChart.com. Chart by author. Tens of billions of dollars' worth of losses at Citigroup and Bank of America forced the two banks to rethink their decades' long strategies of growing for the sake of growth. In a single quarter during the crisis, Citigroup lost $21 billion before taxes. And in the eight years following the crisis, Bank of America incurred just under $200 billion worth of crisis-related expenses stemming from credit losses and legal fines and settlements. Jamie Dimon to the rescue JPMorgan Chase avoided the same fate thanks to the prescience of its chairman and CEO Jamie Dimon, who had only recently joined the bank by way of its 2004 merger with Bank One. Dimon recognized early that the subprime mortgage market was on the verge of imploding and instructed his subordinates in late 2006 to unload the bank's subprime mortgage exposure and stop underwriting the riskiest types of mortgage-backed derivatives. The moves were unpopular at the time, as analysts and commentators accused Dimon of being overly cautious while his counterparts at Citigroup and Bank of America doubled down in the same markets that JPMorgan Chase had just abandoned. But it wasn't long before it became clear just how prescient Dimon had been. JPMorgan Chase chairman and CEO Jamie Dimon. Image source: JPMorgan Chase. By fleeing the most toxic corners of the subprime and derivative markets before the crisis struck, JPMorgan positioned itself to not only survive the crisis, but to thrive through it. It was so strong that the government asked it in March 2008 to rescue the then-floundering Bear Stearns, the first largest stand-alone investment bank at the time. Six months later, it did the same with Washington Mutual. These acquisitions, made at bargain-basement prices, fueled JPMorgan Chase's rise once again to the pinnacle of American finance. While Dimon's counterparts at Citigroup and Bank of America were busy offloading assets to raise capital and rationalize their operations JPMorgan Chase climbed steadily higher. Today, it boasts $2.5 trillion worth of assets compared to Bank of America's $2.2 trillion and Citgroup's $1.8 trillion. Why this matters today It's not just JPMorgan Chase's size that vindicates its prudent strategy going into the crisis. In the final quarter of last year, it passed Wells Fargo to become the most profitable multitrillion dollar bank in America as well. As investors look forward to the tumultuous times ahead, churned by a White House with no evident preference for stability, they'd be wise to keep this history in mind. Things could turn out great over the next few years. Things could also come crashing down, as they did during Andrew Jackson's presidency in the 1830s, which unapologetically ignited a multiyear depression. In the best-case scenario, all bank stocks will benefit. But in the worst-cast scenario, only those motivated by extreme prudence and foresight will emerge unscathed. With Jamie Dimon at the helm, there's little doubt in my mind that JPMorgan Chase falls into the latter category. This is why I believe it's the best bank stock for investors to own right now. John Maxfield owns shares of Bank of America and Wells Fargo. The Motley Fool has no position in any of the stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author John Maxfield (JohnMaxfield37) John has written for The Motley Fool since 2011. If you like what you see, then you should follow him on Twitter. Follow @OneMarlandRoad Article Info Feb 4, 2017 at 9:29AM Financials Stocks Bank of America NYSE:BAC $23.08 down $0.04 (-0.17%) Citigroup NYSE:C $57.63 up $0.37 (0.65%) JPMorgan Chase NYSE:JPM $87.00 down $0.20 (-0.23%) Read More This Bank Earned the Most Money in 2016 This Massive Bank Is Even Bigger Than It Seems Will JPMorgan Chase Raise Its Dividend in 2017? Are Higher Interest Rates Good for Bank Stocks? It’s Complicated, Says Analyst Dick Bove The Coming Windfall for Bank Investors Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Accessibility Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2017 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current Lessons for Investors from the History of JPMorgan Chase @themotleyfool #stocks $BAC, $C, $JPM
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy   Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Kforce Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Kforce Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Benchmark Electronics, Inc. (BHE) Stock Price Up -1.5% on Analyst Upgrade iRobot Corporation (IRBT) Shares Gap Down on Insider Selling Zacks Investment Research Upgrades Model N, Inc. (MODN) to Buy NewJersey Resources Corporation (NJR) Upgraded to “Hold” at Zacks Investment Research Seaport Global Securities Equities Analysts Lower Earnings Estimates for Regal Beloit Corporation (RBC) Equities Analysts Set Expectations for Pioneer Natural Resources Company’s Q1 2017 Earnings (PXD) Parsley Energy, Inc. (PE) to Post Q1 2017 Earnings of $0.11 Per Share, Williams Capital Forecasts Analysts Set Western Refining, Inc. (WNR) Target Price at $31.70 CI Financial Corp (CIX) Receives C$28.88 Consensus PT from Brokerages Analysts Set DENTSPLY SIRONA Inc. (XRAY) Price Target at $65.57 Brokerages Set Juniper Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (JNP) Target Price at $18.75 Cybg Plc (CYBG) Receives GBX 249 Average PT from Brokerages KKR & Co. L.P. (KKR) Shares Gap Down After Earnings Miss ArcelorMittal (MT) Receives $5.79 Average PT from Analysts Brokers Issue Forecasts for Sabre Corporation’s Q1 2017 Earnings (SABR) Glu Mobile Inc. (GLUU) Trading Down 12.4% on Disappointing Earnings Bombardier Inc (BDRBF) Receives $2.13 Average Target Price from Analysts Piedmont Office Realty Trust, Inc. (PDM) Receives $21.88 Consensus Target Price from Brokerages Brokerages Set California Water Service Group Holding (CWT) Price Target at $31.00 Jefferies Group Weighs in on WellCare Health Plans, Inc.’s Q1 2017 Earnings (WCG) Kforce, Inc. (KFRC) Position Cut by Swiss National Bank February 4th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Patrick Bannon Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Swiss National Bank cut its stake in shares of Kforce, Inc. (NASDAQ:KFRC) by 5.6% during the third quarter, according to its most recent Form 13F filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission. The firm owned 37,300 shares of the company’s stock after selling 2,200 shares during the period. Swiss National Bank owned 0.14% of Kforce worth $764,000 as of its most recent SEC filing. A number of other large investors have also recently made changes to their positions in KFRC. Airain ltd purchased a new stake in shares of Kforce during the second quarter valued at $239,000. JPMorgan Chase & Co. increased its stake in shares of Kforce by 1,687.6% in the second quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 72,182 shares of the company’s stock valued at $1,219,000 after buying an additional 68,144 shares during the period. Vanguard Group Inc. increased its stake in shares of Kforce by 1.3% in the second quarter. Vanguard Group Inc. now owns 1,969,599 shares of the company’s stock valued at $33,266,000 after buying an additional 24,847 shares during the period. First Mercantile Trust Co. increased its stake in shares of Kforce by 6.8% in the second quarter. First Mercantile Trust Co. now owns 6,760 shares of the company’s stock valued at $114,000 after buying an additional 430 shares during the period. Finally, BlackRock Investment Management LLC increased its stake in shares of Kforce by 10.2% in the second quarter. BlackRock Investment Management LLC now owns 92,728 shares of the company’s stock valued at $1,566,000 after buying an additional 8,605 shares during the period. Institutional investors own 82.30% of the company’s stock. Shares of Kforce, Inc. (NASDAQ:KFRC) opened at 22.95 on Friday. Kforce, Inc. has a 1-year low of $14.86 and a 1-year high of $24.55. The stock’s 50 day moving average is $22.90 and its 200 day moving average is $20.25. The firm has a market capitalization of $590.85 million, a P/E ratio of 17.31 and a beta of 1.52. TRADEMARK VIOLATION WARNING: This piece was first published by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are viewing this piece on another website, it was illegally copied and reposted in violation of US & international copyright law. The original version of this piece can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/02/04/kforce-inc-kfrc-position-cut-by-swiss-national-bank.html. Several equities research analysts have weighed in on KFRC shares. Deutsche Bank AG set a $19.00 target price on shares of Kforce and gave the company a “hold” rating in a research note on Tuesday, October 18th. Zacks Investment Research downgraded shares of Kforce from a “hold” rating to a “sell” rating in a research note on Monday, October 24th. Finally, Avondale Partners downgraded shares of Kforce from an “outperform” rating to a “market perform” rating and raised their target price for the company from $23.00 to $26.00 in a research note on Monday, December 19th. Three analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and two have given a buy rating to the company. The stock has a consensus rating of “Hold” and a consensus target price of $23.00. In related news, insider Robert William Edmund sold 1,250 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Wednesday, November 30th. The shares were sold at an average price of $22.41, for a total transaction of $28,012.50. The sale was disclosed in a filing with the SEC, which can be accessed through this hyperlink. Also, insider Peter M. Alonso sold 9,702 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Tuesday, December 20th. The stock was sold at an average price of $23.26, for a total transaction of $225,668.52. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Insiders sold a total of 31,047 shares of company stock worth $699,847 over the last three months. Insiders own 12.80% of the company’s stock. About Kforce Kforce Inc is engaged in providing professional and technical specialty staffing services and solutions. The Company operates through three segments, which include Technology (Tech), which provides both temporary staffing and permanent placement services to its clients, focusing primarily on areas of information technology, such as systems/applications, e-commerce, technology infrastructure, network architecture and security; Finance and Accounting (FA), which is engaged in providing both temporary staffing and permanent placement services to its clients in areas, such as general accounting, business analysis and others, and Government Solutions (GS), which is engaged in providing services and solutions to the Federal Government as both a prime contractor and a subcontractor in the fields of information technology, and finance and accounting. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding KFRC? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Kforce, Inc. (NASDAQ:KFRC). Receive News & Ratings for Kforce Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Kforce Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News White House Announces Conway Was Counseled Warren Receives Support After GOP Formally Silences Her Report: Trump Was Not Completely Briefed on Bannon NSC Seat Justice Department Will Challenge Stop to Travel Ban President Trump Cancels Harley-Davidson Trip Due to Possible Protests © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact US Privacy Policy Staff Daily Email Updates Headlines Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Investing SkyWest Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for SkyWest Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Recent Posts HBK Investments L P Buys New Position in American Water Works (AWK) Intersil Corporation (ISIL) Shares Sold by HBK Investments L P Callidus Software, Inc. (CALD) Shares Sold by HBK Investments L P HBK Investments L P Cuts Position in Capital Senior Living Corporation (CSU) Waldron LP Has $388,000 Stake in Intel Corporation (INTC) HM Payson & Co. Boosts Stake in Amgen Inc. (AMGN) Intel Corporation (INTC) Shares Sold by HM Payson & Co. Godshalk Welsh Capital Management Inc. Has $1,573,000 Position in Verizon Communications Inc. (VZ) Johnson Investment Counsel Inc. Acquires 27,933 Shares of CVS Health Corporation (CVS) Johnson Investment Counsel Inc. Lowers Stake in Philip Morris International Inc (PM) Johnson Investment Counsel Inc. Boosts Stake in Amazon.com, Inc. (AMZN) Advantus Capital Management Inc Has $523,000 Stake in Old Republic International Corporation (ORI) McDonald’s Corporation (MCD) Stake Decreased by Advantus Capital Management Inc Schlumberger N.V. (SLB) Stake Raised by Advantus Capital Management Inc Two Sigma Securities LLC Has $403,000 Stake in Pepsico, Inc. (PEP) Two Sigma Securities LLC Has $961,000 Stake in Schlumberger N.V. (SLB) Two Sigma Advisers LP Buys Shares of 29,205 Laboratory Corporation of America Holdings (LH) Two Sigma Advisers LP Acquires 16,400 Shares of TEGNA Inc. (GCI) Alphabet Inc. (GOOG) Stake Cut by Brown Brothers Harriman & Co. Brown Brothers Harriman & Co. Lowers Stake in Pfizer, Inc. (PFE) Ifrah Financial Services Inc. Has $219,000 Position in SkyWest, Inc. (SKYW) Posted by William Strong on Feb 4th, 2017 // No Comments Tweet Ifrah Financial Services Inc. lowered its stake in shares of SkyWest, Inc. (NASDAQ:SKYW) by 2.5% during the third quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The fund owned 8,294 shares of the company’s stock after selling 215 shares during the period. Ifrah Financial Services Inc.’s holdings in SkyWest were worth $219,000 at the end of the most recent quarter. Other large investors also recently made changes to their positions in the company. LSV Asset Management increased its stake in shares of SkyWest by 6.8% in the third quarter. LSV Asset Management now owns 720,034 shares of the company’s stock valued at $19,016,000 after buying an additional 46,123 shares during the last quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. increased its stake in SkyWest by 58.4% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 1,181,750 shares of the company’s stock valued at $31,210,000 after buying an additional 435,713 shares in the last quarter. KBC Group NV increased its stake in SkyWest by 20.3% in the third quarter. KBC Group NV now owns 76,049 shares of the company’s stock valued at $2,008,000 after buying an additional 12,846 shares in the last quarter. Bank of New York Mellon Corp increased its stake in SkyWest by 7.0% in the third quarter. Bank of New York Mellon Corp now owns 1,025,799 shares of the company’s stock valued at $27,091,000 after buying an additional 67,466 shares in the last quarter. Finally, Neuberger Berman Group LLC acquired a new stake in SkyWest during the third quarter valued at about $555,000. Institutional investors and hedge funds own 86.75% of the company’s stock. SkyWest, Inc. (NASDAQ:SKYW) opened at 34.525 on Friday. The firm has a market cap of $1.79 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 12.072 and a beta of 1.76. SkyWest, Inc. has a 52-week low of $13.94 and a 52-week high of $39.60. The company’s 50-day moving average price is $36.90 and its 200-day moving average price is $31.80. SkyWest (NASDAQ:SKYW) last posted its quarterly earnings data on Thursday, February 2nd. The company reported $0.54 earnings per share for the quarter, topping the consensus estimate of $0.52 by $0.02. SkyWest had a positive return on equity of 9.01% and a negative net margin of 5.18%. The business earned $758.02 million during the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $754.18 million. During the same quarter in the previous year, the firm earned $0.49 EPS. The firm’s revenue was up .7% compared to the same quarter last year. Analysts predict that SkyWest, Inc. will post $2.71 EPS for the current year. The firm also recently disclosed a quarterly dividend, which was paid on Friday, January 6th. Investors of record on Friday, December 30th were given a dividend of $0.05 per share. The ex-dividend date was Wednesday, December 28th. This represents a $0.20 annualized dividend and a dividend yield of 0.58%. SkyWest’s dividend payout ratio is presently -6.37%. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY WARNING: “Ifrah Financial Services Inc. Has $219,000 Position in SkyWest, Inc. (SKYW)” was originally published by Web Breaking News and is owned by of Web Breaking News. If you are accessing this story on another site, it was illegally stolen and reposted in violation of US & international copyright laws. The correct version of this story can be viewed at http://www.webbreakingnews.com/2017/02/04/ifrah-financial-services-inc-has-219000-position-in-skywest-inc-skyw.html. SKYW has been the topic of several analyst reports. Zacks Investment Research downgraded SkyWest from a “strong-buy” rating to a “hold” rating in a report on Thursday, October 20th. Deutsche Bank AG lifted their target price on SkyWest from $32.00 to $34.00 and gave the stock a “buy” rating in a research report on Friday, October 28th. Cowen and Company lifted their target price on SkyWest from $34.00 to $40.00 and gave the stock an “outperform” rating in a research report on Thursday, December 15th. Finally, Evercore ISI lowered SkyWest from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating and lifted their target price for the stock from $25.00 to $37.00 in a research report on Tuesday, December 6th. One investment analyst has rated the stock with a hold rating, three have issued a buy rating and one has assigned a strong buy rating to the company’s stock. The company currently has a consensus rating of “Buy” and an average target price of $35.20. In related news, Director Henry J. Eyring sold 6,267 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction dated Wednesday, December 7th. The stock was sold at an average price of $11.49, for a total transaction of $72,007.83. Following the completion of the transaction, the director now owns 35,549 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $408,458.01. The transaction was disclosed in a legal filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is available through the SEC website. 4.00% of the stock is currently owned by insiders. About SkyWest Skywest, Inc is a holding company for approximately two scheduled passenger airline operations and an aircraft leasing company. The Company operates through two segments: SkyWest Airlines and ExpressJet. SkyWest Airlines provides regional jet and turboprop service to airports located in the Midwestern and Western United States. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding SKYW? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for SkyWest, Inc. (NASDAQ:SKYW). Receive News & Ratings for SkyWest Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for SkyWest Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter. « Previous Ifrah Financial Services Inc. Acquires New Stake in Brinker International, Inc. (EAT) Next » JetBlue Airways Corporation (JBLU) Position Lowered by Affinity Investment Advisors LLC Latest News Nike Suspends Relationship with Maria Sharapova Rob Bironas Ex-Titans Kicker Dies in Car Crash Ron Washington Leaves Texas Rangers Due to an Affair Jonathan Dwyer Falls in Line with Other Banned NFL Players Tony Stewart Case Going to the Grand Jury Oscar Pistorius “Blade Runner” Found Not Guilty of Murder Leave a Reply Click here to cancel reply. Name (Required) Mail (will not be published) (Required) Website   Home Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Headlines Investing © 2006-2017 Web Breaking News.
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy   Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Visa Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Visa Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Blackbaud, Inc. (BLKB) Announces Quarterly Earnings Results, Beats Estimates By $0.04 EPS Salesforce.com Inc (CRM) Upgraded at Zacks Investment Research Zacks Investment Research Upgrades Delta Air Lines, Inc. (DAL) to Buy Diploma PLC (DPLM) Receives Add Rating from Numis Securities Ltd Thomson Reuters Corp (TRI) Declares Quarterly Dividend of C$0.35 Bemis Company, Inc. (BMS) Increases Dividend to $0.30 Per Share Salient Midstream & MLP Fund Plans Quarterly Dividend of $0.24 (SMM) Salient Midstream & MLP Fund Plans Quarterly Dividend of $0.24 (SMM) Marinus Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (MRNS) Receives $2.50 Average Price Target from Analysts Ardelyx, Inc. (ARDX) Receives $19.67 Average Target Price from Brokerages Leerink Swann Equities Analysts Decrease Earnings Estimates for Mallinckrodt PLC (MNK) Finisar Corporation (FNSR) Receives $38.16 Consensus Price Target from Brokerages Hi-Crush Partners LP (HCLP) Receives $17.00 Consensus Target Price from Brokerages Analysts Set Hyatt Hotels Corporation (H) Price Target at $52.24 Insider Selling: Overstock.com, Inc. (OSTK) Major Shareholder Sells $39,844,367.28 in Stock AvalonBay Communities, Inc. (AVB) Earns Buy Rating from Mizuho Teradata Co. (TDC) Issues Quarterly Earnings Results Stewart Information Services Corporation (STC) Releases Earnings Results, Beats Expectations By $0.16 EPS Wedbush Analysts Lower Earnings Estimates for O’Reilly Automotive, Inc. (ORLY) Amazon.com, Inc. (AMZN) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by SunTrust Banks, Inc. WMS Partners LLC Sells 8,965 Shares of Visa Inc. (V) February 4th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Tyrone Williams Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet WMS Partners LLC cut its stake in shares of Visa Inc. (NYSE:V) by 4.8% during the third quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The firm owned 178,749 shares of the credit-card processor’s stock after selling 8,965 shares during the period. Visa makes up approximately 2.0% of WMS Partners LLC’s investment portfolio, making the stock its 13th largest position. WMS Partners LLC’s holdings in Visa were worth $14,783,000 as of its most recent filing with the SEC. Several other hedge funds have also recently bought and sold shares of the stock. Vanguard Group Inc. boosted its position in Visa by 1.0% in the second quarter. Vanguard Group Inc. now owns 118,024,396 shares of the credit-card processor’s stock worth $8,753,870,000 after buying an additional 1,207,526 shares during the last quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. boosted its position in Visa by 3.7% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 29,495,466 shares of the credit-card processor’s stock worth $2,441,561,000 after buying an additional 1,061,427 shares during the last quarter. BlackRock Fund Advisors boosted its position in Visa by 0.6% in the second quarter. BlackRock Fund Advisors now owns 26,459,968 shares of the credit-card processor’s stock worth $1,962,536,000 after buying an additional 169,668 shares during the last quarter. TIAA CREF Investment Management LLC boosted its position in Visa by 3.8% in the second quarter. TIAA CREF Investment Management LLC now owns 17,877,455 shares of the credit-card processor’s stock worth $1,325,971,000 after buying an additional 647,407 shares during the last quarter. Finally, Magellan Asset Management Ltd boosted its position in Visa by 1.5% in the second quarter. Magellan Asset Management Ltd now owns 16,267,433 shares of the credit-card processor’s stock worth $1,206,556,000 after buying an additional 238,821 shares during the last quarter. 80.86% of the stock is owned by institutional investors and hedge funds. Shares of Visa Inc. (NYSE:V) opened at 86.08 on Friday. The company has a 50-day moving average of $80.98 and a 200-day moving average of $80.85. Visa Inc. has a 12-month low of $66.12 and a 12-month high of $86.82. The stock has a market capitalization of $201.43 billion, a P/E ratio of 34.01 and a beta of 1.00. Visa (NYSE:V) last announced its earnings results on Thursday, February 2nd. The credit-card processor reported $0.86 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, beating the Zacks’ consensus estimate of $0.78 by $0.08. The firm earned $4.46 billion during the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $4.29 billion. Visa had a net margin of 39.72% and a return on equity of 24.31%. Visa’s revenue was up 25.1% compared to the same quarter last year. During the same quarter in the prior year, the firm posted $0.69 EPS. Equities analysts expect that Visa Inc. will post $3.29 earnings per share for the current fiscal year. The business also recently announced a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Tuesday, March 7th. Investors of record on Friday, February 17th will be given a $0.165 dividend. The ex-dividend date is Wednesday, February 15th. This represents a $0.66 dividend on an annualized basis and a yield of 0.77%. Visa’s dividend payout ratio is presently 26.72%. TRADEMARK VIOLATION NOTICE: This story was originally posted by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are reading this story on another publication, it was stolen and republished in violation of U.S. & international trademark & copyright legislation. The correct version of this story can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/02/04/wms-partners-llc-sells-8965-shares-of-visa-inc-v.html. A number of equities research analysts have issued reports on the stock. Vetr lowered shares of Visa from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating and set a $85.68 target price on the stock. in a report on Tuesday, January 24th. Goldman Sachs Group, Inc. (The) reiterated a “buy” rating and set a $96.00 target price on shares of Visa in a report on Monday, October 24th. Citigroup Inc. reiterated a “buy” rating and set a $92.00 target price on shares of Visa in a report on Monday, October 24th. Stifel Nicolaus reduced their target price on shares of Visa from $94.00 to $93.00 and set a “buy” rating on the stock in a report on Tuesday, October 25th. Finally, Royal Bank Of Canada increased their target price on shares of Visa from $87.00 to $89.00 and gave the stock an “outperform” rating in a report on Tuesday, October 25th. Two research analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating, twenty-nine have issued a buy rating and one has issued a strong buy rating to the company. The company presently has an average rating of “Buy” and a consensus target price of $93.20. In related news, President Ryan Mcinerney sold 18,500 shares of the stock in a transaction dated Tuesday, November 8th. The shares were sold at an average price of $82.92, for a total value of $1,534,020.00. Following the completion of the transaction, the president now owns 12,548 shares in the company, valued at approximately $1,040,480.16. The sale was disclosed in a legal filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is accessible through this link. Corporate insiders own 0.14% of the company’s stock. About Visa Visa Inc (Visa) is a payments technology company that connects consumers, merchants, financial institutions, businesses, strategic partners and government entities to electronic payments. The Company operates through payment services segment. The Company enables global commerce through the transfer of value and information among the participants. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding V? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Visa Inc. (NYSE:V). Receive News & Ratings for Visa Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Visa Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Warren Receives Support After GOP Formally Silences Her Report: Trump Was Not Completely Briefed on Bannon NSC Seat Justice Department Will Challenge Stop to Travel Ban President Trump Cancels Harley-Davidson Trip Due to Possible Protests White House Appears to Pull Back on Part of Policy on Vetting © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Bloomberg the Company & Its ProductsBloomberg Anywhere Remote LoginBloomberg Anywhere LoginBloomberg Terminal Demo Request Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Philanthropy & Engagement Bloomberg London Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Philanthropy & Engagement Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Bloomberg London Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Advertising Bloomberg Media Distribution Bloomberg Live Conferences Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center MENU Homepage Markets Stocks Currencies Commodities Rates + Bonds Economics Magazine Benchmark Watchlist Economic Calendar Tech U.S. Global Startups Cybersecurity Digital Media Bloomberg Technology TV Hello World Studio 1.0 Pursuits Cars & Bikes Style & Grooming Spend Watches & Gadgets Food & Drinks Travel Real Estate Art & Design Politics With All Due Respect Global Risk Briefing How We’ll Know if Trump Is Making America Great Again Tracking Trump’s Web of Conflicts The Inauguration of Donald J. Trump On the March in Trump’s Capital Opinion View Gadfly Businessweek Subscribe Cover Stories Opening Remarks Etc Features 85th Anniversary Issue Behind The Cover More Science + Energy Graphics Game Plan Small Business Personal Finance Inspire GO The David Rubenstein Show Sponsored Content Bloomberg About The Company Sign In Sign In Subscribe Trump Cites Friends to Say Banks Aren’t Making Loans. They Are. by Zeke Faux @ZekeFaux More stories by Zeke Faux , Yalman Onaran @Yalman_Onaran More stories by Yalman Onaran , and Jennifer Surane @jennysurane More stories by Jennifer Surane February 4, 2017, 5:00 AM EST Lending has increased 6% a year since 2013 to $9.1 trillion Cohn claims on lending ‘simply false,’ Stanford’s Admati says U.S. President Donald Trump, center, holds up a signed Executive Order related to the review of the Dodd-Frank Act in the Oval Office of the White House, in Washington, D.C. on Feb. 3. As he prepared to sign orders designed to roll back bank regulations enacted to stop the next financial crisis, President Donald Trump said that the rules are stifling lending. “We expect to be cutting a lot out of Dodd-Frank, because frankly I have so many people, friends of mine, that have nice businesses and they can’t borrow money,” Trump said on Friday. “They just can’t get any money because the banks just won’t let them borrow because of the rules and regulations in Dodd-Frank." That may be the case for the president’s friends -- although Trump pal Carl Icahn seemed to have little trouble two weeks ago when he borrowed $1.2 billion -- but it’s not supported by data. Lending declined initially after 2008, when the entire banking industry was almost wiped out by the collapse of the U.S. housing market. But it’s grown steadily since then, expanding by 6 percent a year since 2013, far faster than the economy. Banks now have a record $9.1 trillion of loans outstanding. “Loan growth remains robust,” JPMorgan Chase & Co. Chief Financial Officer Marianne Lake said last month on a conference call with analysts. At JPMorgan, the biggest U.S. bank, core loans increased 10 percent to $806.2 billion last year, with gains in every category including credit cards and wholesale debt. Bank of America Corp.’s total loans climbed 1.1 percent to $906.8 billion, while Wells Fargo & Co.’s grew 5.6 percent to $968 billion. ‘Reducing Transparency’ “I don’t think this is about the financial sector making more loans,” said Michael Barr, a University of Michigan law professor who helped design the Dodd-Frank Rule while working for the previous administration. “They are reducing transparency in the system and reducing guardrails that are going to keep the system safe.” One hated provision of Dodd-Frank -- the Volcker rule -- bans the largest firms from making speculative bets with their own money. Goldman Sachs Group Inc.’s return on equity, a measure of profitability, has dropped from as high as 34 percent before the crisis to 8 percent last quarter. That means less money for bonuses and shareholder dividends. Former Goldman Sachs President Gary Cohn, now Trump’s top economic adviser, looked on Friday as Trump signed two directives aimed at loosening financial regulations. Among the targets are the Volcker rule, the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau and a requirement that advisers on retirement accounts work in the best interests of their clients. Cohn said in a Bloomberg Television interview that the administration can make many changes without the involvement of Congress, where Trump’s deregulatory agenda will face Democratic opposition. “Every place a bank needs to hold capital and they need to retain capital prohibits them from lending,” Cohn said in the interview. “So we’re going to attack all aspects of Dodd-Frank.” Bank Capital Banks don’t actually “hold” capital. In banking, capital refers to the funding they receive from shareholders. Every penny of it can be loaned out. A 5 percent minimum capital requirement means that 5 percent of the bank’s liabilities has to be equity, while the rest can be deposits or other borrowing. The more equity a bank has, the smaller its risk of failing when losses pile up. Your cheat sheet on life, in one weekly email. Get our weekly Game Plan newsletter. Sign Up “The claim that regulations are prohibiting lending is simply false,” said Anat Admati, a Stanford University finance professor and member of the Federal Deposit Insurance Corp.’s Systemic Resolution Advisory Committee. “The banks have plenty of money and can raise more from investors like other businesses if they have worthy loans to make. If they don’t lend, it’s because they choose not to lend and instead do many other things.” While raising capital requirements doesn’t prohibit lending, it can slow the growth of loans because banks are often reluctant to raise more equity from shareholders. Dodd-Frank also didn’t set capital requirements. Those are decided internationally by regulators from 27 countries that gather at the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision. Former Goldman Sachs partner Philip D. Murphy, who was a member of the bank’s management committee with Cohn and Treasury Secretary nominee Steven Mnuchin, said he’s mystified by the changes they’re pushing. “To think that undoing those regulations is going to lead to a better result is folly,” says Murphy, who’s seeking the Democratic nomination in this year’s New Jersey gubernatorial race. “The fox is in the hen house, that’s what this is. This is people on Wall Street who should know better.” Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal. LEARN MORE Most Read Trump Vows to Fight as Appeals Court Thwarts Immigration Ban Now Under Armour Has a Trump Problem, Too White House: Cohn-Led Tax Plan Is Real and It’s Phenomenal Trumpflation Is Running Out of Gas Trump Weighs New Immigration Order With Next Legal Moves Unclear Terms of Service Trademarks Privacy Policy ©2017 Bloomberg L.P. All Rights Reserved Careers Made in NYC Advertise Ad Choices Website Feedback Help
News Magazines OpEd Video Data Jobs News Business Entertainment Sports News Mbowe: I’ll deal with Makonda accordingly New anti-drugs boss receives MPs’ backing Do these things and public schools will shine in exams Majaliwa gives TTCL defaulters 4 months to clear bills Magazines Magazines 1 day ago Two draft bills for debate to regulate real estate industry 2 days ago Why Africa must confront Trump without delay 2 days ago Political will key to ending Tanzania-Malawi dispute OpEd Video Data Jobs = Saturday, February 4, 2017 INSIGHT: World’s biggest banks’ word on Brexit exodus A Barclays Bank Tanzania staff member speaks at a meeting. The UK bank has settled on Dublin for its main hub inside the EU and is planning to add about 150 staff there, people with knowledge of the decision said last week. PHOTO | FILE  In Summary Frankfurt. Frankfurt and Dublin are emerging as the biggest winners at London’s expense as banks prepare for Brexit by planning new hubs in the European Union. By Gavin Finch Standard Chartered Plc and Barclays Plc are considering choosing Ireland’s capital as their EU base for ensuring continued access to the bloc, according to people with knowledge of their contingency plans. Goldman Sachs Group Inc, Citigroup Inc and Lloyds Banking Group Plc are eyeing Frankfurt, other people said. Banks are fleshing out their plans after Prime Minister Theresa May announced in January that the UK would leave the EU’s single market in 2019, likely spelling the end of passporting, where banks seamlessly service the rest of the bloc from their London hubs. Frankfurt is a natural pick for firms fleeing London given a financial ecosystem featuring Deutsche Bank AG, the European Central Bank and BaFin, one of the only regulators with experience overseeing complicated derivatives trading. As for Ireland, it’s presenting itself as a low-tax, English-speaking location with similar laws and regulations to Britain. All told, TheCityUK lobby group reckons as many as 35,000 jobs could be relocated out of the UK. Dublin could potentially gain between 12,000 and 15,000 jobs as a result of Brexit, Goodbody Stockbrokers has said. Bloomberg News conducted interviews and reviewed public statements to discover what each major bank is now planning. Goldman Sachs The Wall Street firm is considering making Frankfurt its main hub inside the EU and could move as many as 1,000 employees, including traders and senior managers, according to a person familiar with the matter. Chief Executive Officer Lloyd Blankfein has publicly said the bank has shelved plans to move more key operations to the UK. “We were on track to move more and more of our global activities, so global ops, global tech - all those things made more and more sense to operate out of the UK,” because of the time zone, Blankfein said in a Bloomberg interview in Davos, Switzerland, in January. “Now, we’re slowing down that decision, and only moving there what we have to move there. We don’t value doing things twice; moving them there and then moving them away from there.” JPMorgan “We have to accommodate the laws of the land in both Britain and the EU, and that will determine how many jobs and how many people you have to move,” JPMorgan Chase & Co CEO Jamie Dimon said in Davos earlier this month. “It looks like there will be more job movement than we hoped for.” Before the referendum, Dimon said as many as 4,000 of its 16,000 U.K. employees could be moved to the continent after Brexit. UBS “Yes, we will have to move bankers - we have an SE in Frankfurt, we have an appropriate setup in Spain,” Andrea Orcel, head of UBS Group AG’s investment bank, said in Davos, referring to the Swiss bank’s German subsidiary, which is licensed to do investment banking. “We still have flexibility to decide where to go, but we will definitely have to move.” CEO Sergio Ermotti has said he may have to move as many as 1,500 of about 5,000 U.K. investment banking staff. Some of those employees may be relocated to Madrid, Bloomberg reported last week. HSBC HSBC Holdings Plc CEO Stuart Gulliver said in January that staff generating about 20 percent of its London investment-banking revenue may move to Paris, where it acquired a French commercial bank more than a decade ago. “Activities specifically covered by EU legislation will move,” he said. Before the June referendum, Gulliver said a Brexit vote would likely result in about 1,000 of the bank’s 5,000 London-based staff relocating to the French capital. Barclays The UK bank has settled on Dublin for its main hub inside the EU and is planning to add about 150 staff there, people with knowledge of the decision said last week. Barclays CEO Jes Staley has struck a different tone to other bank bosses. He said in Davos that it would be “very difficult” to dislodge a financial center like London. If needed, Barclays may reassign its Frankfurt branch to its Irish subsidiary, he said. “Same people, same traders, you have to book a trade in Ireland as opposed to London, but that’s not a wholesale move of our capability from London to Ireland,” he said. Standard Chartered The bank approached Irish officials about making Dublin its legal base inside the EU, people familiar with the discussions said in December. No final decision has been taken, and the firm is also in talks with Germany’s regulator about choosing Frankfurt. Citigroup Citigroup is evaluating locations for parts of its London broker-dealer business, including Ireland, Spain, Italy, Germany, France, and the Netherlands, Jim Cowles, the bank’s top executive for Europe, the Middle East and Africa, said at a conference in Dublin on Jan. 24. Cowles said he expected the bank would make a final decision by the end of the first half. Bloomberg News reported in November that the firm was in discussions with BaFin about moving some of its London-based equity and interest-rate derivatives traders to Frankfurt. Citigroup is also in discussions with the ECB and regulators in EU nations including Ireland about relocating other parts of its operations. Morgan Stanley Before the vote, Bloomberg News reported that Morgan Stanley would likely move 1,000 of about 6,000 U.K. employees out of the country in the event of Brexit. Morgan Stanley President Colm Kelleher said the firm would likely move its local headquarters to Dublin or Frankfurt. “If we are outside the EU, and we don’t have what would be a stable and long-term commitment to access the single market, then a lot of the things we do today in London, we’d have to do inside the EU-27,” said Rob Rooney, CEO of Morgan Stanley International, after the vote. Morgan Stanley executives said New York would likely be the big winner from Brexit as U.S. firms would probably allocate headcount away from Europe altogether. Daiwa Daiwa Securities Group Inc. CEO Takashi Hibino said the Japanese brokerage is considering Frankfurt and Dublin among candidate cities to host European operations it moves out of London. The firm, the majority of whose 450 European staff work in London, has yet to establish a licensed entity in the EU, and is running simulations with consultants. Lloyds Banking Group The U.K. bank plans to convert its Frankfurt branch into a subsidiary, making that its base inside the EU, a person with knowledge of the matter said earlier this month. A small number of people would move from London. The bank has yet to apply for an extension of its German banking licence. Bank of America “You’ve got to get your legal entity structure correct so you can operate in two different environments: one inside the U.K. and one outside,” Bank of America President Brian Moynihan said in Davos. “We already have a lot of that structure set up. Then you have to start think about where locations are, but I think that’s a bit premature.” Credit Suisse Credit Suisse is exploring options for expanding in Dublin after Brexit, two people with knowledge of their plans said last week. Board member Noreen Doyle said at a conference in Dublin on Jan. 24 the bank was in the “early stages” of examining alternatives to London after Brexit. Bank of China Bank of China Ltd. is in talks with Irish officials about potentially moving some of its U.K. operations to the country after Brexit, Ireland’s Sunday Independent newspaper reported. Sumitomo Mitsui Financial Group Sumitomo Mitsui Financial Group Inc. is also eyeing moving some of its U.K. employees to Ireland and has held a series of meetings with local regulators, the Sunday Independent reported. (Bloomberg) In The Headlines Mbowe: I’ll deal with Makonda accordingly War on drugs started by Dar es Salaam Regional Commissioner Paul Makonda last week has turned New anti-drugs boss receives MPs’ backing President John Magufuli picks long-serving police officer Rogers Sianga to head the sensitive News Majaliwa gives TTCL defaulters 4 months to clear bills   News Do these things and public schools will shine in exams   News Ex-TPA boss pays fine to escape prison   News Ecstasy as Sauti za Busara show gets underway in Z’bar   Advertisement Political Reforms WARAH: Making angels out of Africa’s rogue leaders Opinion/Editorial FROM THE PUBLIC EDITOR'S DESK: Scribes’ dilemma: to be or not to be objective Opinion/Editorial WHAT OTHERS SAY: Is Kenya really exceptional in E.Africa? Opinion/Editorial WINNING LEADERSHIP: How to define yourself and brighten up your prospects Opinion/Editorial A CHAT FROM LONDON: Problems, troubles…and even more of the same! Advertisement Advertisement Tweets by @TheCitizenTZ Photo gallery Kinya August Advertisement Latest News 1 News Mbowe: I’ll deal with Makonda accordingly 2 News New anti-drugs boss receives MPs’ backing 3 News Do these things and public schools will shine in exams 4 News Majaliwa gives TTCL defaulters 4 months to clear bills 5 News Ex-TPA boss pays fine to escape prison 6 News Ecstasy as Sauti za Busara show gets underway in Z’bar 7 News Police show of might unacceptable: Speaker Ndugai 8 Sports Savio, JKT face off in RBA opener 9 Sports Shot in the arm for U-17 team ahead of finals 10 Sports Two key Yanga players to miss Comoro clash Advertisement About us Emails Contact us Privacy policy Mwananchi Mwanaspoti Daily Nation Monitor Epapers MCL RSS
Home About/Contact US Privacy Policy Staff Daily Email Updates Headlines Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Investing MTS Systems Corporation - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for MTS Systems Corporation with our FREE daily email newsletter: Recent Posts Two Sigma Securities LLC Has $403,000 Stake in Pepsico, Inc. (PEP) Two Sigma Securities LLC Has $961,000 Stake in Schlumberger N.V. (SLB) Two Sigma Advisers LP Buys Shares of 29,205 Laboratory Corporation of America Holdings (LH) Two Sigma Advisers LP Acquires 16,400 Shares of TEGNA Inc. (GCI) Alphabet Inc. (GOOG) Stake Cut by Brown Brothers Harriman & Co. Brown Brothers Harriman & Co. Lowers Stake in Pfizer, Inc. (PFE) Microsoft Corporation (MSFT) Shares Bought by Quentec Asset Management LLC Douglass Winthrop Advisors LLC Has $17,284,000 Position in Alphabet Inc. (GOOGL) Procter & Gamble Company (The) (PG) is Natixis Asset Management’s Largest Position Donaldson Capital Management LLC Lowers Position in Johnson & Johnson (JNJ) Pfizer, Inc. (PFE) Shares Bought by Donaldson Capital Management LLC Donaldson Capital Management LLC Sells 204 Shares of Exxon Mobil Corporation (XOM) Bragg Financial Advisors Inc Acquires 1,085 Shares of Wells Fargo & Company (WFC) Bragg Financial Advisors Inc Acquires 58 Shares of Alphabet Inc. (GOOG) KDI Capital Partners LLC Sells 3,276 Shares of Alphabet Inc. (GOOG) Pfizer, Inc. (PFE) Stake Increased by Two Sigma Advisers LP Tennant Company (TNC) Shares Bought by United Services Automobile Association United Services Automobile Association Buys 1,682 Shares of BioMarin Pharmaceutical Inc. (BMRN) Microsoft Corporation (MSFT) is United Services Automobile Association’s 2nd Largest Position Private Management Group Inc. Sells 33,702 Shares of Microsoft Corporation (MSFT) Monashee Investment Management LLC Sells 137,000 Shares of MTS Systems Corporation (MTSC) Posted by Jacob Kohn on Feb 4th, 2017 // No Comments Tweet Monashee Investment Management LLC decreased its position in MTS Systems Corporation (NASDAQ:MTSC) by 94.5% during the third quarter, according to its most recent disclosure with the SEC. The institutional investor owned 8,000 shares of the company’s stock after selling 137,000 shares during the period. Monashee Investment Management LLC’s holdings in MTS Systems Corporation were worth $368,000 at the end of the most recent quarter. A number of other hedge funds have also modified their holdings of MTSC. JPMorgan Chase & Co. boosted its stake in MTS Systems Corporation by 786.6% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 259,347 shares of the company’s stock valued at $11,937,000 after buying an additional 230,094 shares during the period. UBS Asset Management Americas Inc. purchased a new stake in MTS Systems Corporation during the third quarter valued at approximately $267,000. Confluence Investment Management LLC boosted its stake in MTS Systems Corporation by 10.5% in the third quarter. Confluence Investment Management LLC now owns 290,242 shares of the company’s stock valued at $13,360,000 after buying an additional 27,537 shares during the period. Guyasuta Investment Advisors Inc. boosted its stake in MTS Systems Corporation by 7.2% in the third quarter. Guyasuta Investment Advisors Inc. now owns 22,245 shares of the company’s stock valued at $1,024,000 after buying an additional 1,500 shares during the period. Finally, Bank of New York Mellon Corp boosted its stake in MTS Systems Corporation by 5.4% in the third quarter. Bank of New York Mellon Corp now owns 231,055 shares of the company’s stock valued at $10,635,000 after buying an additional 11,901 shares during the period. Hedge funds and other institutional investors own 97.10% of the company’s stock. Shares of MTS Systems Corporation (NASDAQ:MTSC) opened at 58.45 on Friday. The company has a 50 day moving average of $57.57 and a 200 day moving average of $50.80. The firm has a market cap of $974.60 million, a PE ratio of 28.39 and a beta of 1.54. MTS Systems Corporation has a 52 week low of $41.53 and a 52 week high of $62.27. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY WARNING: “Monashee Investment Management LLC Sells 137,000 Shares of MTS Systems Corporation (MTSC)” was reported by Web Breaking News and is owned by of Web Breaking News. If you are viewing this piece on another publication, it was copied illegally and reposted in violation of US & international trademark and copyright legislation. The correct version of this piece can be viewed at http://www.webbreakingnews.com/2017/02/04/monashee-investment-management-llc-sells-137000-shares-of-mts-systems-corporation-mtsc.html. Several analysts have recently commented on the stock. Zacks Investment Research cut shares of MTS Systems Corporation from a “hold” rating to a “sell” rating in a research note on Thursday, January 26th. J P Morgan Chase & Co set a $61.00 target price on shares of MTS Systems Corporation and gave the stock a “buy” rating in a research note on Sunday, December 18th. Finally, Sidoti upgraded shares of MTS Systems Corporation from a “neutral” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $55.00 target price for the company in a research note on Thursday, October 13th. One research analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, two have given a hold rating and four have given a buy rating to the stock. The stock presently has a consensus rating of “Hold” and an average price target of $58.75. MTS Systems Corporation Company Profile MTS Systems Corporation (MTS) is a global supplier of test systems and position sensors. The Company’s operations are organized and managed in two business segments: the Test segment and the Sensors. Testing segment’s testing hardware, software and services solutions help customers improve their design, development, and manufacturing processes and are used for determining the mechanical behavior of materials, products, and structures. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding MTSC? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for MTS Systems Corporation (NASDAQ:MTSC). Receive News & Ratings for MTS Systems Corporation Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for MTS Systems Corporation and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter. « Previous Swiss National Bank Sells 17,200 Shares of Canadian Natural Resources Limited (CNQ) Next » Monashee Investment Management LLC Purchases New Position in IMPINJ Inc (PI) Latest News Nike Suspends Relationship with Maria Sharapova Rob Bironas Ex-Titans Kicker Dies in Car Crash Ron Washington Leaves Texas Rangers Due to an Affair Jonathan Dwyer Falls in Line with Other Banned NFL Players Tony Stewart Case Going to the Grand Jury Oscar Pistorius “Blade Runner” Found Not Guilty of Murder Leave a Reply Click here to cancel reply. Name (Required) Mail (will not be published) (Required) Website   Home Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Headlines Investing © 2006-2017 Web Breaking News.
Home About/Contact US Privacy Policy Staff Daily Email Updates Headlines Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Investing Regions Financial Corporation - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Regions Financial Corporation with our FREE daily email newsletter: Recent Posts OraSure Technologies, Inc. (OSUR) Lifted to Strong-Buy at Zacks Investment Research Zacks Investment Research Lowers Orion Energy Systems, Inc. (OESX) to Hold Tenneco Inc. (TEN) to Post Q1 2017 Earnings of $1.38 Per Share, Northcoast Research Forecasts Barrington Research Comments on Snap-On Incorporated’s Q1 2017 Earnings (SNA) Equities Analysts Offer Predictions for Sanderson Farms, Inc.’s Q1 2017 Earnings (SAFM) UK Commercial Property Trust Limited Plans Dividend of GBX 0.92 (UKCM) Zacks: ICU Medical, Inc. (ICUI) Given Average Rating of “Buy” by Analysts News Corporation (NWSA) Receives $16.00 Consensus Price Target from Brokerages Generac Holdlings Inc. (GNRC) Receives $40.50 Consensus Price Target from Analysts Financial Engines, Inc. (FNGN) EVP Christopher L. Jones Sells 6,667 Shares Eaton Vance Tax-Advantaged Global Divide (ETO) To Go Ex-Dividend on February 16th Eaton Vance Tax-Managed Global Dive Eq (EXG) To Go Ex-Dividend on February 16th Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd. (RCL) Receives $95.82 Average Target Price from Analysts Q1 2017 Earnings Forecast for Corrections Corp. of America Issued By SunTrust Banks (CXW) Michael Rapino Sells 210,000 Shares of Live Nation Entertainment, Inc. (LYV) Stock Model N, Inc. (MODN) Raised to Buy at Zacks Investment Research Masco Corporation Forecasted to Earn Q1 2017 Earnings of $0.36 Per Share (MAS) Equities Analysts Issue Forecasts for Kilroy Realty Corporation’s Q1 2017 Earnings (KRC) Q1 2017 EPS Estimates for Humana Inc. (HUM) Decreased by Analyst Ring Energy (REI) Receives $15.90 Average Price Target from Analysts Regions Financial Corporation (RF) Shares Sold by Highlander Capital Management LLC Posted by Abby Graham on Feb 4th, 2017 // No Comments Tweet Highlander Capital Management LLC cut its stake in Regions Financial Corporation (NYSE:RF) by 51.0% during the third quarter, according to its most recent disclosure with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). The fund owned 27,100 shares of the company’s stock after selling 28,250 shares during the period. Highlander Capital Management LLC’s holdings in Regions Financial Corporation were worth $267,000 as of its most recent SEC filing. A number of other hedge funds also recently modified their holdings of the company. JPMorgan Chase & Co. increased its position in shares of Regions Financial Corporation by 46.6% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 27,096,781 shares of the company’s stock worth $267,446,000 after buying an additional 8,617,323 shares in the last quarter. The Manufacturers Life Insurance Company acquired a new position in shares of Regions Financial Corporation during the third quarter worth $54,184,000. Basswood Capital Management L.L.C. increased its position in shares of Regions Financial Corporation by 70.7% in the second quarter. Basswood Capital Management L.L.C. now owns 11,942,752 shares of the company’s stock worth $101,633,000 after buying an additional 4,944,933 shares in the last quarter. FMR LLC increased its position in shares of Regions Financial Corporation by 3.0% in the second quarter. FMR LLC now owns 113,805,979 shares of the company’s stock worth $968,488,000 after buying an additional 3,323,092 shares in the last quarter. Finally, Great West Life Assurance Co. Can increased its position in shares of Regions Financial Corporation by 86.5% in the third quarter. Great West Life Assurance Co. Can now owns 3,165,205 shares of the company’s stock worth $31,242,000 after buying an additional 1,467,937 shares in the last quarter. Institutional investors and hedge funds own 74.15% of the company’s stock. Regions Financial Corporation (NYSE:RF) traded up 2.60% during mid-day trading on Friday, hitting $14.62. 14,251,013 shares of the stock were exchanged. Regions Financial Corporation has a 52-week low of $7.00 and a 52-week high of $14.93. The stock’s 50 day moving average is $14.39 and its 200 day moving average is $11.61. The stock has a market cap of $17.76 billion, a PE ratio of 16.73 and a beta of 1.37. Regions Financial Corporation (NYSE:RF) last announced its quarterly earnings results on Friday, January 20th. The company reported $0.23 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, hitting the Zacks’ consensus estimate of $0.23. Regions Financial Corporation had a net margin of 19.49% and a return on equity of 7.09%. The firm had revenue of $1.39 billion for the quarter. During the same period last year, the company posted $0.21 earnings per share. The business’s quarterly revenue was up 2.1% on a year-over-year basis. Analysts forecast that Regions Financial Corporation will post $0.97 EPS for the current fiscal year. TRADEMARK VIOLATION WARNING: This news story was published by Web Breaking News and is the property of of Web Breaking News. If you are viewing this news story on another website, it was illegally stolen and republished in violation of US & international copyright laws. The original version of this news story can be read at http://www.webbreakingnews.com/2017/02/04/regions-financial-corporation-rf-shares-sold-by-highlander-capital-management-llc.html. Several brokerages recently weighed in on RF. Susquehanna Bancshares Inc downgraded shares of Regions Financial Corporation from a “positive” rating to a “neutral” rating in a research report on Thursday, December 1st. They noted that the move was a valuation call. Sandler O’Neill downgraded shares of Regions Financial Corporation from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating and set a $11.50 price target for the company. in a research report on Tuesday, November 8th. Wedbush raised their price target on shares of Regions Financial Corporation from $14.00 to $15.00 and gave the company an “outperform” rating in a research report on Tuesday, December 6th. FBR & Co reissued a “marketperform” rating on shares of Regions Financial Corporation in a research report on Monday, October 10th. Finally, Jefferies Group LLC downgraded shares of Regions Financial Corporation from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating and raised their price target for the company from $11.50 to $14.00 in a research report on Monday, November 28th. One investment analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, eighteen have issued a hold rating, five have given a buy rating and one has assigned a strong buy rating to the company’s stock. Regions Financial Corporation has an average rating of “Hold” and an average price target of $11.71. In related news, EVP Barbara Godin sold 35,000 shares of the stock in a transaction on Tuesday, January 24th. The shares were sold at an average price of $14.18, for a total transaction of $496,300.00. Following the sale, the executive vice president now directly owns 18,086 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $256,459.48. The sale was disclosed in a legal filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is accessible through this link. Also, EVP C. Matthew Lusco sold 43,000 shares of the stock in a transaction on Monday, January 30th. The stock was sold at an average price of $14.52, for a total transaction of $624,360.00. Following the sale, the executive vice president now directly owns 59,960 shares in the company, valued at $870,619.20. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Insiders have sold 205,848 shares of company stock worth $2,892,215 over the last three months. 0.88% of the stock is currently owned by insiders. About Regions Financial Corporation Regions Financial Corporation is a financial holding company. The Company conducts its banking operations through Regions Bank, an Alabama state-chartered commercial bank, which is a member of the Federal Reserve System. It operates in three segments: Corporate Bank, which represents its commercial banking functions, including commercial and industrial, commercial real estate and investor real estate lending; Consumer Bank, which represents its branch network, including consumer banking products and services related to residential first mortgages, home equity lines and loans, small business loans, indirect loans, consumer credit cards and other consumer loans, as well as the corresponding deposit relationships, and Wealth Management, which offers individuals, businesses, governmental institutions and non-profit entities a range of solutions to enable transfer of wealth. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding RF? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Regions Financial Corporation (NYSE:RF). Receive News & Ratings for Regions Financial Corporation Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Regions Financial Corporation and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter. « Previous Highlander Capital Management LLC Holds Stake in BP p.l.c. (BP) Next » D/B/A Chubb Limited New (CB) Stake Held by Choate Investment Advisors Latest News Nike Suspends Relationship with Maria Sharapova Rob Bironas Ex-Titans Kicker Dies in Car Crash Ron Washington Leaves Texas Rangers Due to an Affair Jonathan Dwyer Falls in Line with Other Banned NFL Players Tony Stewart Case Going to the Grand Jury Oscar Pistorius “Blade Runner” Found Not Guilty of Murder Leave a Reply Click here to cancel reply. Name (Required) Mail (will not be published) (Required) Website   Home Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Headlines Investing © 2006-2017 Web Breaking News.
Co-sponsorAssociate Sponsors THE MOSTCOMPREHENSIVEELECTION COVERAGE Uttar Pradesh Punjab Goa Uttarakhand Manipur The Search Meter Video diaries & live updates from the campaign trail DidYouKnow Newsroom diaries 2016: How we covered the year's big stories Firstpost . Saturday, February 11, 2017Latest E-bookSwitch to हिन्दी Front Page Politics AIADMK crisis: Peace has a limit, warns Sasikala as support for OPS rises AIADMK crisis: Why the move to declare Jayalalithaa's Poes Garden property as memorial is illegal Uttar Pradesh Election 2017 LIVE: Western UP records 45% voter turnout till 2 pm; Mayawati claims BSP will win 1st phase UP Election 2017: Akhilesh, Rahul release 10-pt common minimum programme AIADMK Crisis LIVE: Sasikala to meet MLAs at Golden Bay resort, may bring them to Raj Bhavan UP Election 2017: How Modi's campaign changed dramatically and what it says about BJP's chances Sports Live India vs Bangladesh 2017, Test Day 3, scores and updates: Mushfiqur, Mehedi steady ship I-League 2017: Bengaluru FC look to regain ground against debutants Minerva Punjab Syed Mushtaq Ali Trophy 2017: Schedule, when and where to watch, live coverage on TV, online streaming NBA roundup: Draymond Green makes history in Warriors win over Grizzlies; Spurs and Heat cruise India vs Bangladesh: Virat Kohli says he isn't satisfied with just Test hundreds, wants to play longer innings Liverpool ban 'The Sun' journalists from Anfield over Hillsborough disaster coverage India UP Election 2017: Akhilesh, Rahul release 10-pt common minimum programme Uttar Pradesh: The slow death of Kanpur’s leather economy and state's job crisis 'False rape' cases: Is the feeling of being cheated something that can be explained in our laws? GoAir emergency: How the 'miraculous escape' was just another day at the office for pilots SC says it can't regulate Sardar jokes: Our view of comedy should broaden in this age of outrage Dalits barred from temple fest in Kannur; activist accuses Kerala's CPM of discrimination World S Koreans abducted by Pyongyang growing: Expert group Russia considers returning Edward Snowden to US as 'gift' Beijing gets early ‘one China’ policy win off Donald Trump, but many battles remain US senator Bernie Sanders calls Donald Trump 'delusional' New Zealand rescuers form human chain to help stranded whales after 300 died China expels dozens of South Korean missionaries amid increasing missile defence tension Business Ajay Tyagi to head capital markets regulator Sebi, to take charge on March 1 Infosys governance issues: Board not keen on Tata-style row with founders Infosys: Board must answer questions about corporate governance Govt forms task force against shell companies, vows to take'harsh punitive' action Demonetisation impact: IIP contracts to 4-month low of 0.4% in December Budget Session so far: Productivity at 113%; Bills passed just 2 Life 'False rape' cases: Is the feeling of being cheated something that can be explained in our laws? Harassment of transgender principal Manobi Bandhopadhyay is typical of society's attitudes Portraits of the 'primitive': The Konyaks, Nagaland's headhunting tribe, are the subject of a new exhibition Valentine's Day special: Around the heart in 80 dates — do Indians even know how to date? SC says it can't regulate Sardar jokes: Our view of comedy should broaden in this age of outrage Women scientists in India: What we learnt from a year of lab-hopping across the country Entertainment SRK-Aamir click a selfie; Anushka slams Phillauri rumours: What stars got up to on social media Tamma Tamma Again: Varun-Alia step into Sanjay-Madhuri's dancing shoes with authority Mahindra Blues Festival 2017: The seventh edition of Asia's largest blues fest is also its youngest Padmavati protest: Jaipur royal family supports Karni Sena against Sanjay Leela Bhansali Sonakshi Sinha could be roped in for AR Murugadoss' next film with superstar Vijay Avengers: Infinity War on-set teaser released by Marvel Studios; major reveals ahead Photos Videos Election 2017 TECH2 FAKING NEWS हिंदी Co-sponsorAssociate Sponsors You are here: Latest News Fwire News Trump ignites political fight over U.S. banking law reforms | Reuters ReutersFeb, 04 2017 06:45:04 IST #Reuters By Sarah N. Lynch and Lisa Lambert | WASHINGTON WASHINGTON U.S. President Donald Trump on Friday ordered reviews of major banking rules that were put in place after the 2008 financial crisis, drawing fire from Democrats who said his order lacked substance and squarely aligned him with Wall Street bankers.Though the order was short on specifics, financial markets embraced Trump's signal that looser banking regulation is coming and pushed bank stocks higher. The Dow Jones U.S. Banks stocks index closed up 2.6 percent. .DJUSBK [.N] At a White House forum on Friday with U.S. business leaders, including JPMorgan Chase's (JPM.N) CEO Jamie Dimon, Trump said his administration expects "to be cutting a lot out of Dodd-Frank."That will involve a lot more than issuing an order, said former Democratic congressman Barney Frank, co-author of the 2010 Dodd-Frank Wall Street reform law that raised capital requirements for banks, restricted their trading by means of the "Volcker Rule," and created the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau to guard against predatory lending.Trump "can’t make any substantial change in the financial reform bill without Congress,” Frank told Reuters. "The language in the order doesn’t do anything. It tells the secretary of the Treasury to give them something to read. The tone of it is to weaken the bill.”Trump and other critics of the Dodd-Frank law say its regulations have hindered lending. At the meeting with CEO's on Friday Trump said, "I have so many people, friends of mine, that have nice businesses that can’t borrow money...because the banks just won’t let them borrow because of the rules and regulations in Dodd-Frank."Despite such criticisms, recent data from the Federal Reserve Bank of St. Louis showed U.S. commercial-bank lending at a 70-year high, climbing steadily since late-2010.Democratic Senator Elizabeth Warren who lobbied for the creation of the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau accused Trump of forsaking middle and lower-income individuals to help banks."The Wall Street bankers and lobbyists whose greed and recklessness nearly destroyed this country may be toasting each other with champagne, but the American people have not forgotten the 2008 financial crisis - and they will not forget what happened today,” she said in a statement. Trump's adviser leading the deregulation effort, National Economic Council Director Gary Cohn, was previously a top official at Goldman Sachs (GS.N). Billionaire investor Carl Icahn, meanwhile, is counselling Trump on regulation across the government.One order signed by Trump requires the U.S. Treasury Secretary to submit possible regulatory changes and legislation modifying Dodd-Frank in 120 days, according to a White House official.Trump's pick for Treasury secretary, Steve Mnuchin, also a former Goldman banker, has yet to be confirmed by the full Senate.Meanwhile, a memo tells the Labor Department to review a "fiduciary rule" for brokers offering retirement advice that was finalised in 2016. While early reports said Trump wanted to push off the rule's implementation, originally slated for April, by 180 days, the order did not mention any delay. The Labor Department late on Friday said it was considering legal options for delaying. Representatives of the six largest U.S. banks – JPMorgan Chase & Co (JPM.N), Bank of America Corp (BAC.N), Citigroup Inc (C.N), Wells Fargo & Co (WFC.N), Goldman Sachs Group Inc (GS.N) and Morgan Stanley (MS.N) – either declined to comment or did not have an immediate comment.BANKERS CAUTIOUS Bankers, lawyers and lobbyists privately said Trump’s order would not do much immediately. Also they said that they would prefer less-extensive modifications to Dodd-Frank after spending billions of dollars complying with the law.Many want to make it "a little bit more user-friendly,” said John Kanas, chairman of BankUnited (BKU.N), a lender with less than $20 billion in assets. House of Representatives Financial Services Committee Chairman Jeb Hensarling, a Republican, told reporters at the White House that Trump's approach reflects legislation he has drafted to review Dodd-Frank. Hensarling is expected to re-introduce his bill allowing banks to choose between complying with Dodd-Frank and holding more capital later this month.Trump could also make changes simply by appointing new personnel or not enforcing rules."A lot of the regulations of Dodd-Frank required a bit of a cop-on-the-beat if you will, to ensure enforcement and if you have a different cop-on-the-beat, they enforce different rules, or they enforce the rules differently," said FBR & CO financial policy analyst Edward Mills.Many regulators, though, were appointed by Trump's predecessor, President Barack Obama, and intend to complete their terms. Trump cannot fire heads of independent agencies, including the three top bank regulators: Federal Reserve Chair Janet Yellen, Comptroller of the Currency Thomas Curry, and Federal Deposit Insurance Corp Chairman Martin Gruenberg. In addition, the term for Richard Cordray, the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau director, stretches into next year. Republican lawmakers are pushing Trump to fire Cordray, but a federal court's decision allowing him to has been stayed pending appeal. Meanwhile, some U.S. financial policy leaders want to keep the law. Chicago Fed President Charles Evans said on Friday Dodd-Frank "has largely been helpful" and led to a banking system with "more and better capital." (Reporting by Sarah N. Lynch and Lisa Lambert; additional reporting by Suzanne Barlyn, Ayesha Rascoe, Richa Naidu, Ann Saphir and Lauren Tara LaCapra; Editing by Kevin Drawbaugh and Chizu Nomiyama and Clive McKeef) This story has not been edited by Firstpost staff and is generated by auto-feed. #Reuters Also See Russian security service says hackers attacked major banks in 2016 - Ifax | Reuters Lower prices boost gold demand in India, Chinese buying wanes | Reuters Thyssenkrupp CEO says won't be pressured to rush change | Reuters Factbox: Measures expected from India's annual budget that could impact markets | Reuters Top Stories Uttar Pradesh Election 2017 LIVE: Western UP records 45% voter turnout till 2 pm; Mayawati claims BSP will win 1st phase PM Modi Likes 'Peeping into Bathrooms': Rahul on Raincoat Jibe MSG Lion Heart 2 'review': Gurmeet Ram Rahim Singh launches another surgical strike on cinema Women scientists in India: What we learnt from a year of lab-hopping across the country Affordable housing emerges as a major beneficiary of Budget 2017 'False rape' cases: Is the feeling of being cheated something that can be explained in our laws? Live India vs Bangladesh 2017, Test Day 3, scores and updates: Mushfiqur, Mehedi steady ship Cricket Scores Current & Recent Upcoming Sri Lanka in South Africa, 5 ODI Series, 2017 South Africa beat Sri Lanka by 88 runs Bangladesh in India, Only Test, 2017 Sri Lanka in South Africa, 5 ODI Series, 2017 South Africa beat Sri Lanka by 40 runs Chappell-Hadlee Trophy, 2017 New Zealand beat Australia by 24 runs Sri Lanka in South Africa, 5 ODI Series, 2017 South Africa beat Sri Lanka by 7 wickets Chappell-Hadlee Trophy, 2017 Match Abandoned England in India, 3 T20 International Series, 2016/17 India beat England by 75 runs Sri Lanka in South Africa, 5 ODI Series, 2017 South Africa beat Sri Lanka by 121 runs Chappell-Hadlee Trophy, 2017 New Zealand beat Australia by 6 runs England in India, 3 T20 International Series, 2016/17 India beat England by 5 runs Afghanistan in Zimbabwe, 5 ODI Series, 2017 ZIM vs AFG - Feb 16th, 2017, 01:00 PM IST South Africa in New Zealand, Only T20 International Series, 2017 NZ vs SA - Feb 17th, 2017, 11:30 AM IST Sri Lanka in Australia, 3 T20 International Series, 2017 AUS vs SL - Feb 17th, 2017, 02:10 PM IST South Africa in New Zealand, 5 ODI Series, 2017 NZ vs SA - Feb 19th, 2017, 06:30 AM IST Afghanistan in Zimbabwe, 5 ODI Series, 2017 ZIM vs AFG - Feb 19th, 2017, 01:00 PM IST Sri Lanka in Australia, 3 T20 International Series, 2017 AUS vs SL - Feb 19th, 2017, 01:50 PM IST Afghanistan in Zimbabwe, 5 ODI Series, 2017 ZIM vs AFG - Feb 21st, 2017, 01:00 PM IST South Africa in New Zealand, 5 ODI Series, 2017 NZ vs SA - Feb 22nd, 2017, 03:30 AM IST Sri Lanka in Australia, 3 T20 International Series, 2017 AUS vs SL - Feb 22nd, 2017, 02:20 PM IST Australia in India, 4 Test Series, 2017 IND vs AUS - Feb 23rd, 2017, 09:30 AM IST Site Index हिंदी फर्स्टपोस्ट About Firstpost Newsletter RSS Twitter Facebook Sections Front Page Politics Sports India World Business Life Entertainment Photos Videos Plus New Delhi Mumbai Photos Videos FP Exclusives Cartoons Video Room eBooks Weather Others Sample Papers Online Business Technology News MTV India Online Shopping in India Budget 2017 Assembly Elections 2017 Weather Tools RSS Feeds Apps iOS Android Copyright © 2017. Firstpost - All Rights Reserved. Terms of usePrivacy
RecomN - Local Services| About Us| E-Paper| Search| MOBILE KLIK UNTUK PROJEKMMO 点击M中文网 Facebook Twitter RSS Last updated Saturday, February 11, 2017 6:00 pm GMT+8 Kuala Lumpur 32°C, Mostly Cloudy MMOTV News Malaysia World Money Life Showbiz Opinion Sports Eat/Drink Travel Read Tech/Gadgets Drive Gallery Money Trump ignites political fight over US banking law reforms Saturday February 4, 2017 08:00 AM GMT+8 ICYMI The Edit: Pompeii opens rare section to the public for Valentine’s day The Edit: Jeremy Scott blends Jesus, Presley and Monroe in latest collection The Edit: Adam Levine receives star on Hollywood Walk of Fame ProjekMMO: Siapa suruh masuk dapur? Syahindah main bola sepak Advertisement More stories                Tools Increase Text Decrease Text Reset Text Print Article After signing, US President Donald Trump holds up an executive order rolling back regulations from the 2010 Dodd-Frank law on Wall Street reform at the White House in Washington February 3, 2017. — Reuters picWASHINGTON, Feb 4 — US President Donald Trump yesterday ordered reviews of major banking rules that were put in place after the 2008 financial crisis, drawing fire from Democrats who said his order lacked substance and squarely aligned him with Wall Street bankers. Though the order was short on specifics, financial markets embraced Trump's signal that looser banking regulation is coming and pushed bank stocks higher. The Dow Jones US Banks stocks index closed up 2.6 per cent. At a White House forum yesterday with US business leaders, including JPMorgan Chase's CEO Jamie Dimon, Trump said his administration expects "to be cutting a lot out of Dodd-Frank." That will involve a lot more than issuing an order, said former Democratic congressman Barney Frank, co-author of the 2010 Dodd-Frank Wall Street reform law that raised capital requirements for banks, restricted their trading by means of the "Volcker Rule," and created the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau to guard against predatory lending. Trump “can’t make any substantial change in the financial reform bill without Congress,” Frank told Reuters. “The language in the order doesn’t do anything. It tells the secretary of the Treasury to give them something to read. The tone of it is to weaken the bill.” Trump and other critics of the Dodd-Frank law say its regulations have hindered lending. At the meeting with CEO's on Friday Trump said, “I have so many people, friends of mine, that have nice businesses that can’t borrow money...because the banks just won’t let them borrow because of the rules and regulations in Dodd-Frank.” Despite such criticisms, recent data from the Federal Reserve Bank of St Louis showed US commercial-bank lending at a 70-year high, climbing steadily since late-2010. Democratic Senator Elizabeth Warren who lobbied for the creation of the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau accused Trump of forsaking middle and lower-income individuals to help banks. “The Wall Street bankers and lobbyists whose greed and recklessness nearly destroyed this country may be toasting each other with champagne, but the American people have not forgotten the 2008 financial crisis — and they will not forget what happened today,” she said in a statement. Trump's adviser leading the deregulation effort, National Economic Council Director Gary Cohn, was previously a top official at Goldman Sachs. Billionaire investor Carl Icahn, meanwhile, is counseling Trump on regulation across the government. One order signed by Trump requires the US Treasury Secretary to submit possible regulatory changes and legislation modifying Dodd-Frank in 120 days, according to a White House official. Trump's pick for Treasury secretary, Steve Mnuchin, also a former Goldman banker, has yet to be confirmed by the full Senate. Another order tells the Labour Department to review a “fiduciary rule” for brokers offering retirement advice that was finalized in 2016. While early reports said Trump wanted to delay the rule's implementation, originally slated for April, by 180 days, the order gave no timeline. Representatives of the six largest US banks — JPMorgan Chase & Co, Bank of America Corp, Citigroup Inc, Wells Fargo & Co, Goldman Sachs Group Inc and Morgan Stanley — either declined to comment or did not have an immediate comment. Bankers cautious Bankers, lawyers and lobbyists privately said Trump’s order would not do much immediately. Also they said that they would prefer less-extensive modifications to Dodd-Frank after spending billions of dollars complying with the law. Many want to make it “a little bit more user-friendly,” said John Kanas, chairman of BankUnited, a lender with less than US$20 billion (RM88.5 billion) in assets. House of Representatives Financial Services Committee Chairman Jeb Hensarling, a Republican, told reporters at the White House that Trump's approach reflects legislation he has drafted to review Dodd-Frank. Hensarling is expected to re-introduce his bill allowing banks to choose between complying with Dodd-Frank and holding more capital later this month. Trump could also make changes simply by appointing new personnel or not enforcing rules. “A lot of the regulations of Dodd-Frank required a bit of a cop-on-the-beat if you will, to ensure enforcement and if you have a different cop-on-the-beat, they enforce different rules, or they enforce the rules differently,” said FBR & CO financial policy analyst Edward Mills. Many regulators, though, were appointed by Trump's predecessor, President Barack Obama, and intend to complete their terms. Trump cannot fire heads of independent agencies, including the three top bank regulators: Federal Reserve Chair Janet Yellen, Comptroller of the Currency Thomas Curry, and Federal Deposit Insurance Corp Chairman Martin Gruenberg. In addition, the term for Richard Cordray, the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau director, stretches into next year. Republican lawmakers are pushing Trump to fire Cordray, but a federal court's decision allowing him to has been stayed pending appeal. Meanwhile, some US financial policy leaders want to keep the law. Chicago Fed President Charles Evans said yesterday Dodd-Frank “has largely been helpful” and led to a banking system with “more and better capital.” — Reuters                MORE ON MMOTV Most Viewed Now Week Amazon warns that trade protectionism could hurt business China regulator still plans oil futures, weighs easing equity curbs Bursa Malaysia to trade higher next week Dollar rises on hopes for Trump tax reform Uber suffers for Trump ties that leave Tesla’s Musk unsullied (VIDEO) If Trump hits China, regional demand would ease blow in Asia Bursa Malaysia opens easier Sri Lanka eyes China free trade deal this year, PM to visit in May Another day, another mall: How KL Gateway Mall hopes to succeed in a crowded market Ringgit opens slightly lower against US dollar Most Watched Now Week Reuters Video: ‘The White Helmets’ filmmakers discuss ‘Muslim ban’ Reuters Video: Obama, Richard Branson go kiteboarding Reuters Video: ‘Babies’ on board for Beyonce and Jay Z Reuters Video: ‘Babies’ on board for Beyonce and Jay Z Reuters Video: ‘The White Helmets’ filmmakers discuss ‘Muslim ban’ Reuters Video: Obama, Richard Branson go kiteboarding Related Articles Uber suffers for Trump ties that leave Tesla’s Musk unsullied (VIDEO) Dollar rises on hopes for Trump tax reform China gets an early win off Trump, but many battles remain Hundreds of immigrants arrested in ‘routine’ US enforcement surge Amazon warns that trade protectionism could hurt business Advertisement MMO Instagram Tweets by @themmailonline Tweets by @themmailonline MMOTV News Malaysia World Money Life Showbiz Opinion Sports Eat/Drink Travel Read Tech/Gadgets Drive Gallery Copyright © 2017 Malay Mail Online About Us | Contact Us | Policies | Search | Archive | E-Paper | Mobile | ProjekMMO | RecomN - Local Services
Home About/Contact US Privacy Policy Staff Daily Email Updates Headlines Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Investing Realogy Holdings Corp. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Realogy Holdings Corp. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Recent Posts OraSure Technologies, Inc. (OSUR) Lifted to Strong-Buy at Zacks Investment Research Zacks Investment Research Lowers Orion Energy Systems, Inc. (OESX) to Hold Tenneco Inc. (TEN) to Post Q1 2017 Earnings of $1.38 Per Share, Northcoast Research Forecasts Barrington Research Comments on Snap-On Incorporated’s Q1 2017 Earnings (SNA) Equities Analysts Offer Predictions for Sanderson Farms, Inc.’s Q1 2017 Earnings (SAFM) UK Commercial Property Trust Limited Plans Dividend of GBX 0.92 (UKCM) Zacks: ICU Medical, Inc. (ICUI) Given Average Rating of “Buy” by Analysts News Corporation (NWSA) Receives $16.00 Consensus Price Target from Brokerages Generac Holdlings Inc. (GNRC) Receives $40.50 Consensus Price Target from Analysts Financial Engines, Inc. (FNGN) EVP Christopher L. Jones Sells 6,667 Shares Eaton Vance Tax-Advantaged Global Divide (ETO) To Go Ex-Dividend on February 16th Eaton Vance Tax-Managed Global Dive Eq (EXG) To Go Ex-Dividend on February 16th Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd. (RCL) Receives $95.82 Average Target Price from Analysts Q1 2017 Earnings Forecast for Corrections Corp. of America Issued By SunTrust Banks (CXW) Michael Rapino Sells 210,000 Shares of Live Nation Entertainment, Inc. (LYV) Stock Model N, Inc. (MODN) Raised to Buy at Zacks Investment Research Masco Corporation Forecasted to Earn Q1 2017 Earnings of $0.36 Per Share (MAS) Equities Analysts Issue Forecasts for Kilroy Realty Corporation’s Q1 2017 Earnings (KRC) Q1 2017 EPS Estimates for Humana Inc. (HUM) Decreased by Analyst Ring Energy (REI) Receives $15.90 Average Price Target from Analysts Realogy Holdings Corp. (RLGY) Stake Raised by Zurcher Kantonalbank Zurich Cantonalbank Posted by Jacob Kohn on Feb 5th, 2017 // No Comments Tweet Zurcher Kantonalbank Zurich Cantonalbank raised its position in Realogy Holdings Corp. (NYSE:RLGY) by 11.1% during the third quarter, according to its most recent filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). The fund owned 38,813 shares of the company’s stock after buying an additional 3,875 shares during the period. Zurcher Kantonalbank Zurich Cantonalbank’s holdings in Realogy Holdings Corp. were worth $1,004,000 as of its most recent SEC filing. Other hedge funds and other institutional investors have also made changes to their positions in the company. GMT Capital Corp purchased a new stake in Realogy Holdings Corp. during the third quarter valued at $55,783,000. Point72 Asset Management L.P. raised its stake in Realogy Holdings Corp. by 203.7% in the second quarter. Point72 Asset Management L.P. now owns 2,741,300 shares of the company’s stock valued at $79,553,000 after buying an additional 1,838,800 shares during the period. Manor Road Capital Partners LLC raised its stake in Realogy Holdings Corp. by 66.0% in the second quarter. Manor Road Capital Partners LLC now owns 4,563,750 shares of the company’s stock valued at $132,440,000 after buying an additional 1,813,750 shares during the period. Lakewood Capital Management LP purchased a new stake in Realogy Holdings Corp. during the third quarter valued at $45,302,000. Finally, JPMorgan Chase & Co. raised its stake in Realogy Holdings Corp. by 48.1% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 2,437,843 shares of the company’s stock valued at $63,044,000 after buying an additional 792,244 shares during the period. 99.85% of the stock is currently owned by hedge funds and other institutional investors. Shares of Realogy Holdings Corp. (NYSE:RLGY) traded up 1.79% during midday trading on Friday, reaching $26.22. The company’s stock had a trading volume of 528,655 shares. The stock has a market capitalization of $3.74 billion, a PE ratio of 23.45 and a beta of 1.41. The stock has a 50-day moving average price of $26.16 and a 200 day moving average price of $25.99. Realogy Holdings Corp. has a 52 week low of $21.43 and a 52 week high of $37.33. WARNING: This report was published by Web Breaking News and is the sole property of of Web Breaking News. If you are accessing this report on another domain, it was illegally copied and republished in violation of United States & international copyright legislation. The legal version of this report can be viewed at http://www.webbreakingnews.com/2017/02/05/realogy-holdings-corp-rlgy-stake-raised-by-zurcher-kantonalbank-zurich-cantonalbank.html. RLGY has been the topic of several research reports. Deutsche Bank AG initiated coverage on Realogy Holdings Corp. in a report on Thursday, January 26th. They issued a “hold” rating and a $29.00 target price on the stock. Zacks Investment Research upgraded Realogy Holdings Corp. from a “sell” rating to a “hold” rating in a research report on Wednesday, December 7th. Wedbush upgraded Realogy Holdings Corp. from a “neutral” rating to an “outperform” rating and set a $32.00 price objective on the stock in a research report on Monday, December 19th. They noted that the move was a valuation call. Evercore ISI assumed coverage on Realogy Holdings Corp. in a research report on Monday, November 14th. They issued a “hold” rating and a $26.00 price objective on the stock. Finally, Barclays PLC assumed coverage on Realogy Holdings Corp. in a research report on Thursday, January 5th. They issued an “underweight” rating and a $23.00 price objective on the stock. Two equities research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, six have issued a hold rating and six have given a buy rating to the stock. The stock presently has a consensus rating of “Hold” and a consensus price target of $33.64. In related news, CEO Richard A. Smith bought 5,000 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Thursday, November 10th. The shares were acquired at an average cost of $24.19 per share, for a total transaction of $120,950.00. Following the acquisition, the chief executive officer now directly owns 413,311 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $9,997,993.09. The transaction was disclosed in a filing with the SEC, which is accessible through the SEC website. Insiders own 1.40% of the company’s stock. Realogy Holdings Corp. Company Profile Realogy Holdings Corp. is an integrated provider of residential real estate services in the United States. The Company is the franchisor of residential real estate brokerages with some of the recognized brands in the real estate industry, the owner of United States residential real estate brokerage offices, the global provider of outsourced employee relocation services and a provider of title and settlement services. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding RLGY? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Realogy Holdings Corp. (NYSE:RLGY). Receive News & Ratings for Realogy Holdings Corp. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Realogy Holdings Corp. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter. « Previous Zurcher Kantonalbank Zurich Cantonalbank Has $995,000 Position in Avnet, Inc. (AVT) Next » Cooper-Standard Holdings Inc. (CPS) Shares Bought by Zurcher Kantonalbank Zurich Cantonalbank Latest News Nike Suspends Relationship with Maria Sharapova Rob Bironas Ex-Titans Kicker Dies in Car Crash Ron Washington Leaves Texas Rangers Due to an Affair Jonathan Dwyer Falls in Line with Other Banned NFL Players Tony Stewart Case Going to the Grand Jury Oscar Pistorius “Blade Runner” Found Not Guilty of Murder Leave a Reply Click here to cancel reply. Name (Required) Mail (will not be published) (Required) Website   Home Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Headlines Investing © 2006-2017 Web Breaking News.
Home About/Contact US Privacy Policy Staff Daily Email Updates Headlines Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Investing Pan American Silver Corp. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Pan American Silver Corp. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Recent Posts OraSure Technologies, Inc. (OSUR) Lifted to Strong-Buy at Zacks Investment Research Zacks Investment Research Lowers Orion Energy Systems, Inc. (OESX) to Hold Tenneco Inc. (TEN) to Post Q1 2017 Earnings of $1.38 Per Share, Northcoast Research Forecasts Barrington Research Comments on Snap-On Incorporated’s Q1 2017 Earnings (SNA) Equities Analysts Offer Predictions for Sanderson Farms, Inc.’s Q1 2017 Earnings (SAFM) UK Commercial Property Trust Limited Plans Dividend of GBX 0.92 (UKCM) Zacks: ICU Medical, Inc. (ICUI) Given Average Rating of “Buy” by Analysts News Corporation (NWSA) Receives $16.00 Consensus Price Target from Brokerages Generac Holdlings Inc. (GNRC) Receives $40.50 Consensus Price Target from Analysts Financial Engines, Inc. (FNGN) EVP Christopher L. Jones Sells 6,667 Shares Eaton Vance Tax-Advantaged Global Divide (ETO) To Go Ex-Dividend on February 16th Eaton Vance Tax-Managed Global Dive Eq (EXG) To Go Ex-Dividend on February 16th Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd. (RCL) Receives $95.82 Average Target Price from Analysts Q1 2017 Earnings Forecast for Corrections Corp. of America Issued By SunTrust Banks (CXW) Michael Rapino Sells 210,000 Shares of Live Nation Entertainment, Inc. (LYV) Stock Model N, Inc. (MODN) Raised to Buy at Zacks Investment Research Masco Corporation Forecasted to Earn Q1 2017 Earnings of $0.36 Per Share (MAS) Equities Analysts Issue Forecasts for Kilroy Realty Corporation’s Q1 2017 Earnings (KRC) Q1 2017 EPS Estimates for Humana Inc. (HUM) Decreased by Analyst Ring Energy (REI) Receives $15.90 Average Price Target from Analysts Morgan Stanley Acquires 778,620 Shares of Pan American Silver Corp. (PAAS) Posted by William Strong on Feb 5th, 2017 // No Comments Tweet Morgan Stanley raised its stake in shares of Pan American Silver Corp. (NASDAQ:PAAS) (TSE:PAA) by 106.5% during the third quarter, according to its most recent filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). The firm owned 1,509,802 shares of the company’s stock after buying an additional 778,620 shares during the period. Morgan Stanley owned about 0.99% of Pan American Silver Corp. worth $26,603,000 as of its most recent filing with the SEC. Several other institutional investors have also bought and sold shares of PAAS. Bank of Montreal Can acquired a new position in Pan American Silver Corp. during the second quarter valued at $7,327,000. ING Groep NV acquired a new position in Pan American Silver Corp. during the second quarter valued at $211,000. Bank of New York Mellon Corp raised its position in Pan American Silver Corp. by 23.5% in the second quarter. Bank of New York Mellon Corp now owns 52,898 shares of the company’s stock valued at $871,000 after buying an additional 10,080 shares during the last quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. raised its position in Pan American Silver Corp. by 2,653.7% in the second quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 209,337 shares of the company’s stock valued at $3,443,000 after buying an additional 201,735 shares during the last quarter. Finally, Global X Management Co. LLC raised its position in Pan American Silver Corp. by 142.2% in the second quarter. Global X Management Co. LLC now owns 2,484,344 shares of the company’s stock valued at $40,863,000 after buying an additional 1,458,597 shares during the last quarter. Institutional investors and hedge funds own 47.38% of the company’s stock. Shares of Pan American Silver Corp. (NASDAQ:PAAS) traded down 0.10% during midday trading on Friday, hitting $20.41. 1,322,148 shares of the company were exchanged. The stock’s market cap is $3.11 billion. The stock’s 50-day moving average is $17.10 and its 200-day moving average is $17.46. Pan American Silver Corp. has a one year low of $7.57 and a one year high of $21.59. TRADEMARK VIOLATION NOTICE: “Morgan Stanley Acquires 778,620 Shares of Pan American Silver Corp. (PAAS)” was published by Web Breaking News and is the property of of Web Breaking News. If you are accessing this report on another site, it was stolen and reposted in violation of United States and international copyright law. The original version of this report can be read at http://www.webbreakingnews.com/2017/02/05/morgan-stanley-acquires-778620-shares-of-pan-american-silver-corp-paas.html. Several equities analysts recently weighed in on PAAS shares. Canaccord Genuity started coverage on shares of Pan American Silver Corp. in a report on Tuesday, October 25th. They set a “hold” rating and a $17.50 target price on the stock. Zacks Investment Research lowered shares of Pan American Silver Corp. from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating in a report on Thursday, November 3rd. BMO Capital Markets upgraded shares of Pan American Silver Corp. from a “market perform” rating to an “outperform” rating and lifted their target price for the company from $24.00 to $28.00 in a report on Wednesday, November 16th. TD Securities restated a “hold” rating and set a $19.00 target price (up previously from $18.50) on shares of Pan American Silver Corp. in a report on Saturday, November 19th. Finally, Bank of America Corporation upgraded shares of Pan American Silver Corp. from an “underperform” rating to a “buy” rating in a report on Tuesday, November 22nd. Two research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, seven have issued a hold rating and eight have issued a buy rating to the company’s stock. Pan American Silver Corp. currently has a consensus rating of “Hold” and a consensus price target of $19.76. About Pan American Silver Corp. Pan American Silver Corp. (Pan American) is engaged in the production and sale of silver, gold and base metals including copper, lead and zinc, as well as other related activities, including exploration, extraction, processing, refining and reclamation. The Company’s primary product (silver) is produced in Peru, Mexico, Argentina and Bolivia. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding PAAS? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Pan American Silver Corp. (NASDAQ:PAAS) (TSE:PAA). Receive News & Ratings for Pan American Silver Corp. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Pan American Silver Corp. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter. « Previous American Eagle Outfitters, Inc. (AEO) Shares Bought by Morgan Stanley Next » Alerus Financial NA Has $2,035,000 Position in McDonald’s Corporation (MCD) Latest News Nike Suspends Relationship with Maria Sharapova Rob Bironas Ex-Titans Kicker Dies in Car Crash Ron Washington Leaves Texas Rangers Due to an Affair Jonathan Dwyer Falls in Line with Other Banned NFL Players Tony Stewart Case Going to the Grand Jury Oscar Pistorius “Blade Runner” Found Not Guilty of Murder Leave a Reply Click here to cancel reply. Name (Required) Mail (will not be published) (Required) Website   Home Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Headlines Investing © 2006-2017 Web Breaking News.
Home   Street Talk   Personal Finance   Economy   Companies   Markets   Investing & Analysis   Insiders   Money Wire   Newsletters Special Discover 270 Ways to Slash Your 2016 Tax Bill Home | Street Talk Tags: trump | political | fight | banking law Trump Ignites Political Fight Over US Banking Law Reforms  (AP/Pablo Martinez) Sunday, 05 Feb 2017 10:06 AM Close  More ways to share... Stumbled LinkedIn Vine Reddit Delicious Newstrust Tell my politician Technocrati Short URL| Email Article| Comment| Contact| Print|     A   A    U.S. President Donald Trump has ordered reviews of major banking rules that were put in place after the 2008 financial crisis, drawing fire from Democrats who said his order lacked substance and squarely aligned him with Wall Street bankers. Though the order was short on specifics, financial markets embraced Trump's signal that looser banking regulation is coming and pushed bank stocks higher. The Dow Jones U.S. Banks stocks index closed up 2.6 percent. At a White House forum on Friday with U.S. business leaders, including JPMorgan Chase's CEO Jamie Dimon, Trump said his administration expects "to be cutting a lot out of Dodd-Frank." That will involve a lot more than issuing an order, said former Democratic congressman Barney Frank, co-author of the 2010 Dodd-Frank Wall Street reform law that raised capital requirements for banks, restricted their trading by means of the "Volcker Rule," and created the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau to guard against predatory lending. Trump "can't make any substantial change in the financial reform bill without Congress," Frank told Reuters. "The language in the order doesn't do anything. It tells the secretary of the Treasury to give them something to read. The tone of it is to weaken the bill." Trump and other critics of the Dodd-Frank law say its regulations have hindered lending. At the meeting with CEO's on Friday Trump said, "I have so many people, friends of mine, that have nice businesses that can't borrow money...because the banks just won't let them borrow because of the rules and regulations in Dodd-Frank." Despite such criticisms, recent data from the Federal Reserve Bank of St. Louis showed U.S. commercial-bank lending at a 70-year high, climbing steadily since late-2010. Democratic Senator Elizabeth Warren who lobbied for the creation of the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau accused Trump of forsaking middle and lower-income individuals to help banks. "The Wall Street bankers and lobbyists whose greed and recklessness nearly destroyed this country may be toasting each other with champagne, but the American people have not forgotten the 2008 financial crisis - and they will not forget what happened today," she said in a statement. Trump's adviser leading the deregulation effort, National Economic Council Director Gary Cohn, was previously a top official at Goldman Sachs. Billionaire investor Carl Icahn, meanwhile, is counseling Trump on regulation across the government. One order signed by Trump requires the U.S. Treasury Secretary to submit possible regulatory changes and legislation modifying Dodd-Frank in 120 days, according to a White House official. Trump's pick for Treasury secretary, Steve Mnuchin, also a former Goldman banker, has yet to be confirmed by the full Senate. Meanwhile, a memo tells the Labor Department to review a "fiduciary rule" for brokers offering retirement advice that was finalized in 2016. While early reports said Trump wanted to push off the rule's implementation, originally slated for April, by 180 days, the order did not mention any delay. The Labor Department late on Friday said it was considering legal options for delaying. Representatives of the six largest U.S. banks - JPMorgan Chase & Co., Bank of America Corp., Citigroup Inc., Wells Fargo & Co., Goldman Sachs Group Inc.   and Morgan Stanley - either declined to comment or did not have an immediate comment. BANKERS CAUTIOUS Bankers, lawyers and lobbyists privately said Trump's order would not do much immediately. Also they said that they would prefer less-extensive modifications to Dodd-Frank after spending billions of dollars complying with the law. Many want to make it "a little bit more user-friendly," said John Kanas, chairman of BankUnited, a lender with less than $20 billion in assets. House of Representatives Financial Services Committee Chairman Jeb Hensarling, a Republican, told reporters at the White House that Trump's approach reflects legislation he has drafted to review Dodd-Frank. Hensarling is expected to re-introduce his bill allowing banks to choose between complying with Dodd-Frank and holding more capital later this month. Trump could also make changes simply by appointing new personnel or not enforcing rules. "A lot of the regulations of Dodd-Frank required a bit of a cop-on-the-beat if you will, to ensure enforcement and if you have a different cop-on-the-beat, they enforce different rules, or they enforce the rules differently," said FBR & CO financial policy analyst Edward Mills. Many regulators, though, were appointed by Trump's predecessor, President Barack Obama, and intend to complete their terms. Trump cannot fire heads of independent agencies, including the three top bank regulators: Federal Reserve Chair Janet Yellen, Comptroller of the Currency Thomas Curry, and Federal Deposit Insurance Corp Chairman Martin Gruenberg. In addition, the term for Richard Cordray, the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau director, stretches into next year. Republican lawmakers are pushing Trump to fire Cordray, but a federal court's decision allowing him to has been stayed pending appeal. Meanwhile, some U.S. financial policy leaders want to keep the law. Chicago Fed President Charles Evans said on Friday Dodd-Frank "has largely been helpful" and led to a banking system with "more and better capital."  © 2017 Thomson/Reuters. All rights reserved. Click Here to comment on this article Close  More ways to share... Stumbled LinkedIn Vine Reddit Delicious Newstrust Tell my politician Technocrati Short URL| Email Article| Comment| Contact| Print|     A   A    1Like our page 2Share Share StreetTalk U.S. President Donald Trump on Friday ordered reviews of major banking rules that were put in place after the 2008 financial crisis, drawing fire from Democrats who said his order lacked substance and squarely aligned him with Wall Street bankers. trump, political, fight, banking law 828 Sunday, 05 Feb 2017 10:06 AM 2017-06-05 Around The Web Powered by Newsmax Join the Newsmax Community Register To Comment Login To Comment Please review Community Guidelines before posting a comment. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. blog comments powered by Disqus   Free Newsmax E-Alerts Email: Country: Zip Code: Privacy: We never share your email.   Mortgage Rates Get Today's Low Rates Widget Request a mortgage or refinance Powered by Take A Look At This Recommended by Newsmax Most Commented Apple, Google, Uber Join Fight Against Trump Travel Ban Monday, 06 Feb 2017 | 154 comments BOYCOTT THESE COMPANIES.... WSJ: US Companies Still Flock to Mexico Despite Trump Outrage Thursday, 09 Feb 2017 | 24 comments It makes good sense to move manufacturing to Mexico if you plan to sell... Kudlow: Trump Ban Isn't About Muslims or Business, 'It's About Terrorists' Wednesday, 08 Feb 2017 | 23 comments Actually, the travel restrictions are about keeping America SAFE!... Deutsche Bank: Trump Poised to Name China a 'Currency Manipulator' Wednesday, 08 Feb 2017 | 22 comments This is a free and competitive market and no one forces you to buy. Read... Gallup: Economic Confidence Index Hit New High as Trump Took Office Wednesday, 08 Feb 2017 | 17 comments We finally got a good business man as president that actually cares about...       To view this video please enable JavaScript, and consider upgrading to a web browser that supports HTML5 video Home   Street Talk   Personal Finance   Economy   Companies   Markets   Investing & Analysis   Insiders   Money Wire   Newsletters Newsmax, Moneynews, Newsmax Health, and Independent. American. are registered trademarks of Newsmax Media, Inc. Newsmax TV, and Newsmax World are trademarks of Newsmax Media, Inc. NEWSMAX.COM MONEYNEWS.COM © Newsmax Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved Contact | Advertise | Shop | RSS | Archives | Links | Privacy Policy | Terms & Conditions
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy   Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance BroadSoft Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for BroadSoft Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News 238,867 Shares in XPO Logistics, Inc. (XPO) Acquired by D. E. Shaw & Co. Inc. D. E. Shaw & Co. Inc. Has $8,539,000 Position in KBR, Inc. (KBR) CONSOL Energy Inc. (CNX) Position Lowered by Gotham Asset Management LLC Gotham Asset Management LLC Has $3,305,000 Position in Dolby Laboratories (DLB) Allison Transmission Holdings Inc (ALSN) Stake Raised by Gotham Asset Management LLC D. E. Shaw & Co. Inc. Decreases Stake in Quidel Corporation (QDEL) Nuveen Fund Advisors LLC Boosts Position in Sumitomo Mitsui Financial Group Inc (SMFG) Nuveen Fund Advisors LLC Boosts Position in Sumitomo Mitsui Financial Group Inc (SMFG) Costamare Inc. (CMRE) Shares Sold by Nuveen Fund Advisors LLC Nuveen Fund Advisors LLC Boosts Stake in Advanced Semiconductor Engineering, Inc. (ASX) Nuveen Fund Advisors LLC Invests $109,000 in Just Energy Group, Inc. (JE) The KEYW Holding Corporation (KEYW) CAO Kimberly Dechello Sells 4,505 Shares Clinton Group Inc. Invests $1,164,000 in Enbridge Energy, L.P. (EEP) Boston Scientific Corporation (BSX) Shares Bought by Ontario Teachers Pension Plan Board Western Uranium Co (WSTRF) Director Sells $15,117.08 in Stock The Manufacturers Life Insurance Company Takes Position in Level 3 Communications, Inc. (LVLT) Comcast Corporation (CMCSA) Shares Sold by Royal Bank of Scotland Group PLC MSG Networks Inc. (MSGN) Position Lowered by Analytic Investors LLC Analytic Investors LLC Continues to Hold Stake in Donegal Group, Inc. (DGICA) Analytic Investors LLC Continues to Hold Stake in Escalade, Incorporated (ESCA) BroadSoft, Inc. (BSFT) Shares Sold by TIAA CREF Investment Management LLC February 5th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Stacy Sanders Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet TIAA CREF Investment Management LLC lowered its position in BroadSoft, Inc. (NASDAQ:BSFT) by 0.5% during the third quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The fund owned 88,778 shares of the company’s stock after selling 445 shares during the period. TIAA CREF Investment Management LLC owned approximately 0.29% of BroadSoft worth $4,133,000 at the end of the most recent reporting period. Several other institutional investors also recently bought and sold shares of the company. Argent Capital Management LLC boosted its position in BroadSoft by 14.9% in the second quarter. Argent Capital Management LLC now owns 72,650 shares of the company’s stock worth $2,981,000 after buying an additional 9,400 shares during the last quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. boosted its position in BroadSoft by 14,286.4% in the second quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 6,330 shares of the company’s stock worth $260,000 after buying an additional 6,286 shares during the last quarter. Nationwide Fund Advisors boosted its position in BroadSoft by 2.6% in the second quarter. Nationwide Fund Advisors now owns 19,408 shares of the company’s stock worth $796,000 after buying an additional 488 shares during the last quarter. UBS Asset Management Americas Inc. boosted its position in BroadSoft by 23.5% in the second quarter. UBS Asset Management Americas Inc. now owns 14,699 shares of the company’s stock worth $603,000 after buying an additional 2,800 shares during the last quarter. Finally, Teacher Retirement System of Texas boosted its position in BroadSoft by 20.4% in the second quarter. Teacher Retirement System of Texas now owns 4,053 shares of the company’s stock worth $166,000 after buying an additional 686 shares during the last quarter. Shares of BroadSoft, Inc. (NASDAQ:BSFT) opened at 43.00 on Friday. The firm has a market capitalization of $1.30 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 193.69 and a beta of 1.67. The stock has a 50 day moving average of $42.27 and a 200-day moving average of $43.53. BroadSoft, Inc. has a one year low of $26.99 and a one year high of $48.40. TRADEMARK VIOLATION NOTICE: “BroadSoft, Inc. (BSFT) Shares Sold by TIAA CREF Investment Management LLC” was reported by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are reading this story on another domain, it was illegally stolen and reposted in violation of US & international trademark & copyright legislation. The correct version of this story can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/02/05/broadsoft-inc-bsft-shares-sold-by-tiaa-cref-investment-management-llc.html. A number of equities analysts recently weighed in on BSFT shares. William Blair reaffirmed a “buy” rating on shares of BroadSoft in a research report on Wednesday, October 26th. Needham & Company LLC lowered their price objective on shares of BroadSoft from $48.00 to $47.00 and set a “buy” rating for the company in a research report on Tuesday, November 1st. One analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, three have issued a hold rating, four have assigned a buy rating and one has assigned a strong buy rating to the company. BroadSoft currently has a consensus rating of “Buy” and an average price target of $45.29. In related news, insider Taher G. Behbehani sold 4,188 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction on Monday, January 23rd. The shares were sold at an average price of $41.17, for a total value of $172,419.96. Following the sale, the insider now directly owns 50,141 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $2,064,304.97. The transaction was disclosed in a filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is available at this hyperlink. Corporate insiders own 1.50% of the company’s stock. About BroadSoft BroadSoft, Inc is a provider of software and services that enable telecommunications service providers to deliver hosted, cloud-based Unified Communications (UC) to their enterprise customers. The Company offers service providers two deployment options, software and software-as-a-service (SaaS), to enable them to offer UC services to their enterprise customers. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding BSFT? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for BroadSoft, Inc. (NASDAQ:BSFT). Receive News & Ratings for BroadSoft Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for BroadSoft Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Warren Receives Support After GOP Formally Silences Her Report: Trump Was Not Completely Briefed on Bannon NSC Seat Justice Department Will Challenge Stop to Travel Ban President Trump Cancels Harley-Davidson Trip Due to Possible Protests White House Appears to Pull Back on Part of Policy on Vetting © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact US Privacy Policy Staff Daily Email Updates Headlines Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Investing Northrop Grumman Corporation - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Northrop Grumman Corporation with our FREE daily email newsletter: Recent Posts OraSure Technologies, Inc. (OSUR) Lifted to Strong-Buy at Zacks Investment Research Zacks Investment Research Lowers Orion Energy Systems, Inc. (OESX) to Hold Tenneco Inc. (TEN) to Post Q1 2017 Earnings of $1.38 Per Share, Northcoast Research Forecasts Barrington Research Comments on Snap-On Incorporated’s Q1 2017 Earnings (SNA) Equities Analysts Offer Predictions for Sanderson Farms, Inc.’s Q1 2017 Earnings (SAFM) UK Commercial Property Trust Limited Plans Dividend of GBX 0.92 (UKCM) Zacks: ICU Medical, Inc. (ICUI) Given Average Rating of “Buy” by Analysts News Corporation (NWSA) Receives $16.00 Consensus Price Target from Brokerages Generac Holdlings Inc. (GNRC) Receives $40.50 Consensus Price Target from Analysts Financial Engines, Inc. (FNGN) EVP Christopher L. Jones Sells 6,667 Shares Eaton Vance Tax-Advantaged Global Divide (ETO) To Go Ex-Dividend on February 16th Eaton Vance Tax-Managed Global Dive Eq (EXG) To Go Ex-Dividend on February 16th Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd. (RCL) Receives $95.82 Average Target Price from Analysts Q1 2017 Earnings Forecast for Corrections Corp. of America Issued By SunTrust Banks (CXW) Michael Rapino Sells 210,000 Shares of Live Nation Entertainment, Inc. (LYV) Stock Model N, Inc. (MODN) Raised to Buy at Zacks Investment Research Masco Corporation Forecasted to Earn Q1 2017 Earnings of $0.36 Per Share (MAS) Equities Analysts Issue Forecasts for Kilroy Realty Corporation’s Q1 2017 Earnings (KRC) Q1 2017 EPS Estimates for Humana Inc. (HUM) Decreased by Analyst Ring Energy (REI) Receives $15.90 Average Price Target from Analysts BlackRock Advisors LLC Sells 249,991 Shares of Northrop Grumman Corporation (NOC) Posted by William Strong on Feb 5th, 2017 // No Comments Tweet BlackRock Advisors LLC lowered its position in shares of Northrop Grumman Corporation (NYSE:NOC) by 12.8% during the third quarter, according to its most recent disclosure with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). The fund owned 1,702,696 shares of the company’s stock after selling 249,991 shares during the period. BlackRock Advisors LLC owned about 0.97% of Northrop Grumman Corporation worth $364,292,000 at the end of the most recent quarter. A number of other hedge funds and other institutional investors also recently bought and sold shares of the stock. FMR LLC raised its position in Northrop Grumman Corporation by 69.2% in the second quarter. FMR LLC now owns 4,262,441 shares of the company’s stock worth $947,455,000 after buying an additional 1,742,969 shares during the last quarter. Capital International Investors raised its position in Northrop Grumman Corporation by 57.7% in the second quarter. Capital International Investors now owns 1,799,200 shares of the company’s stock worth $399,926,000 after buying an additional 658,300 shares during the last quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. raised its position in Northrop Grumman Corporation by 12.1% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 4,938,953 shares of the company’s stock worth $1,057,262,000 after buying an additional 533,364 shares during the last quarter. Prudential Financial Inc. raised its position in Northrop Grumman Corporation by 97.7% in the third quarter. Prudential Financial Inc. now owns 662,755 shares of the company’s stock worth $141,797,000 after buying an additional 327,493 shares during the last quarter. Finally, Waddell & Reed Financial Inc. raised its position in Northrop Grumman Corporation by 196.8% in the second quarter. Waddell & Reed Financial Inc. now owns 324,962 shares of the company’s stock worth $72,232,000 after buying an additional 215,467 shares during the last quarter. 81.85% of the stock is owned by institutional investors and hedge funds. Northrop Grumman Corporation (NYSE:NOC) opened at 231.36 on Friday. The stock has a market capitalization of $40.40 billion, a PE ratio of 18.98 and a beta of 0.69. The stock’s 50 day moving average price is $232.03 and its 200 day moving average price is $225.91. Northrop Grumman Corporation has a 1-year low of $180.10 and a 1-year high of $253.80. Northrop Grumman Corporation (NYSE:NOC) last released its quarterly earnings results on Thursday, January 26th. The company reported $2.96 earnings per share for the quarter, beating the consensus estimate of $2.49 by $0.47. The business earned $6.40 billion during the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $5.92 billion. Northrop Grumman Corporation had a return on equity of 35.74% and a net margin of 8.98%. The firm’s revenue for the quarter was up 12.3% compared to the same quarter last year. During the same quarter last year, the business posted $2.49 EPS. On average, equities research analysts predict that Northrop Grumman Corporation will post $11.88 earnings per share for the current fiscal year. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION NOTICE: “BlackRock Advisors LLC Sells 249,991 Shares of Northrop Grumman Corporation (NOC)” was first posted by Web Breaking News and is the sole property of of Web Breaking News. If you are accessing this report on another publication, it was copied illegally and reposted in violation of United States & international trademark & copyright legislation. The correct version of this report can be accessed at http://www.webbreakingnews.com/2017/02/05/blackrock-advisors-llc-sells-249991-shares-of-northrop-grumman-corporation-noc.html. A number of research analysts have weighed in on NOC shares. Barclays PLC raised Northrop Grumman Corporation from an “equal weight” rating to an “overweight” rating and lifted their target price for the company from $230.00 to $270.00 in a report on Thursday, November 10th. Jefferies Group LLC reissued a “buy” rating and set a $260.00 price objective (up previously from $250.00) on shares of Northrop Grumman Corporation in a report on Friday, October 28th. Robert W. Baird reissued an “outperform” rating and set a $260.00 price objective on shares of Northrop Grumman Corporation in a report on Friday, January 20th. Vetr raised Northrop Grumman Corporation from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $251.85 price objective for the company in a report on Thursday, December 8th. Finally, Wolfe Research raised Northrop Grumman Corporation from a “market perform” rating to an “outperform” rating in a report on Friday, January 27th. Five investment analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and twelve have assigned a buy rating to the stock. The company currently has a consensus rating of “Buy” and a consensus target price of $248.32. In other news, CFO Kenneth L. Bedingfield sold 128 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Wednesday, February 1st. The stock was sold at an average price of $228.72, for a total value of $29,276.16. Following the completion of the sale, the chief financial officer now directly owns 17,998 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $4,116,502.56. The transaction was disclosed in a filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is available through the SEC website. Also, CFO Kenneth L. Bedingfield sold 125 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Thursday, December 1st. The shares were sold at an average price of $248.85, for a total value of $31,106.25. Following the completion of the sale, the chief financial officer now directly owns 18,251 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $4,541,761.35. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Insiders have sold a total of 3,010 shares of company stock valued at $697,287 in the last 90 days. 0.90% of the stock is currently owned by company insiders. About Northrop Grumman Corporation Northrop Grumman Corporation (Northrop Grumman) is a global security company. The Company provides systems, products and solutions in unmanned systems; cyber; command, control, communications and computers (C4), intelligence, surveillance, and reconnaissance (C4ISR); strike aircraft, and logistics and modernization to Government and commercial customers across the world. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding NOC? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Northrop Grumman Corporation (NYSE:NOC). Receive News & Ratings for Northrop Grumman Corporation Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Northrop Grumman Corporation and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter. « Previous Discover Financial Services (DFS) Shares Bought by BlackRock Advisors LLC Next » Mondrian Investment Partners LTD Sells 98,861 Shares of Microsoft Corporation (MSFT) Latest News Nike Suspends Relationship with Maria Sharapova Rob Bironas Ex-Titans Kicker Dies in Car Crash Ron Washington Leaves Texas Rangers Due to an Affair Jonathan Dwyer Falls in Line with Other Banned NFL Players Tony Stewart Case Going to the Grand Jury Oscar Pistorius “Blade Runner” Found Not Guilty of Murder Leave a Reply Click here to cancel reply. Name (Required) Mail (will not be published) (Required) Website   Home Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Headlines Investing © 2006-2017 Web Breaking News.
Home About/Contact US Privacy Policy Staff Daily Email Updates Headlines Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Investing Northern Trust Corporation - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Northern Trust Corporation with our FREE daily email newsletter: Recent Posts OraSure Technologies, Inc. (OSUR) Lifted to Strong-Buy at Zacks Investment Research Zacks Investment Research Lowers Orion Energy Systems, Inc. (OESX) to Hold Tenneco Inc. (TEN) to Post Q1 2017 Earnings of $1.38 Per Share, Northcoast Research Forecasts Barrington Research Comments on Snap-On Incorporated’s Q1 2017 Earnings (SNA) Equities Analysts Offer Predictions for Sanderson Farms, Inc.’s Q1 2017 Earnings (SAFM) UK Commercial Property Trust Limited Plans Dividend of GBX 0.92 (UKCM) Zacks: ICU Medical, Inc. (ICUI) Given Average Rating of “Buy” by Analysts News Corporation (NWSA) Receives $16.00 Consensus Price Target from Brokerages Generac Holdlings Inc. (GNRC) Receives $40.50 Consensus Price Target from Analysts Financial Engines, Inc. (FNGN) EVP Christopher L. Jones Sells 6,667 Shares Eaton Vance Tax-Advantaged Global Divide (ETO) To Go Ex-Dividend on February 16th Eaton Vance Tax-Managed Global Dive Eq (EXG) To Go Ex-Dividend on February 16th Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd. (RCL) Receives $95.82 Average Target Price from Analysts Q1 2017 Earnings Forecast for Corrections Corp. of America Issued By SunTrust Banks (CXW) Michael Rapino Sells 210,000 Shares of Live Nation Entertainment, Inc. (LYV) Stock Model N, Inc. (MODN) Raised to Buy at Zacks Investment Research Masco Corporation Forecasted to Earn Q1 2017 Earnings of $0.36 Per Share (MAS) Equities Analysts Issue Forecasts for Kilroy Realty Corporation’s Q1 2017 Earnings (KRC) Q1 2017 EPS Estimates for Humana Inc. (HUM) Decreased by Analyst Ring Energy (REI) Receives $15.90 Average Price Target from Analysts Northern Trust Corporation (NTRS) Position Cut by Mondrian Investment Partners LTD Posted by Dave Schultz on Feb 5th, 2017 // No Comments Tweet Mondrian Investment Partners LTD decreased its position in Northern Trust Corporation (NASDAQ:NTRS) by 9.9% during the third quarter, according to its most recent disclosure with the Securities and Exchange Commission. The institutional investor owned 659,716 shares of the company’s stock after selling 72,311 shares during the period. Northern Trust Corporation makes up about 1.1% of Mondrian Investment Partners LTD’s portfolio, making the stock its 24th largest position. Mondrian Investment Partners LTD’s holdings in Northern Trust Corporation were worth $44,854,000 as of its most recent SEC filing. A number of other institutional investors have also recently made changes to their positions in NTRS. FMR LLC increased its position in shares of Northern Trust Corporation by 13.8% in the second quarter. FMR LLC now owns 8,583,519 shares of the company’s stock worth $568,744,000 after buying an additional 1,041,052 shares in the last quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. increased its position in shares of Northern Trust Corporation by 8.9% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 8,427,802 shares of the company’s stock worth $573,006,000 after buying an additional 688,812 shares in the last quarter. American Century Companies Inc. increased its position in shares of Northern Trust Corporation by 6.4% in the second quarter. American Century Companies Inc. now owns 7,702,813 shares of the company’s stock worth $510,388,000 after buying an additional 462,106 shares in the last quarter. Burgundy Asset Management Ltd. increased its position in shares of Northern Trust Corporation by 5.9% in the second quarter. Burgundy Asset Management Ltd. now owns 2,431,383 shares of the company’s stock worth $161,103,000 after buying an additional 135,166 shares in the last quarter. Finally, Bank of New York Mellon Corp increased its position in shares of Northern Trust Corporation by 0.3% in the third quarter. Bank of New York Mellon Corp now owns 1,952,001 shares of the company’s stock worth $132,717,000 after buying an additional 4,961 shares in the last quarter. Institutional investors own 79.98% of the company’s stock. Shares of Northern Trust Corporation (NASDAQ:NTRS) opened at 84.40 on Friday. The firm’s 50 day moving average is $87.13 and its 200 day moving average is $76.39. Northern Trust Corporation has a 1-year low of $54.38 and a 1-year high of $91.14. The firm has a market capitalization of $19.29 billion, a PE ratio of 19.54 and a beta of 1.05. Northern Trust Corporation (NASDAQ:NTRS) last posted its quarterly earnings data on Wednesday, January 18th. The company reported $1.11 earnings per share for the quarter, missing the consensus estimate of $1.13 by $0.02. The company earned $1.25 billion during the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $1.26 billion. Northern Trust Corporation had a return on equity of 11.68% and a net margin of 19.76%. The business’s revenue for the quarter was up 7.1% compared to the same quarter last year. During the same period in the previous year, the company earned $0.99 EPS. Analysts anticipate that Northern Trust Corporation will post $4.71 EPS for the current fiscal year. The business also recently disclosed a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Saturday, April 1st. Investors of record on Friday, March 3rd will be issued a $0.38 dividend. This represents a $1.52 annualized dividend and a yield of 1.80%. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Wednesday, March 1st. Northern Trust Corporation’s payout ratio is currently 35.43%. TRADEMARK VIOLATION WARNING: This piece was originally published by Web Breaking News and is the sole property of of Web Breaking News. If you are accessing this piece on another publication, it was illegally copied and republished in violation of United States & international copyright law. The correct version of this piece can be read at http://www.webbreakingnews.com/2017/02/05/northern-trust-corporation-ntrs-position-cut-by-mondrian-investment-partners-ltd.html. NTRS has been the subject of a number of research analyst reports. Raymond James Financial, Inc. reiterated a “strong-buy” rating and issued a $105.00 price target (up previously from $83.00) on shares of Northern Trust Corporation in a report on Thursday, December 29th. Barclays PLC increased their price target on shares of Northern Trust Corporation from $80.00 to $95.00 and gave the company an “equal weight” rating in a report on Tuesday, January 3rd. Credit Suisse Group began coverage on shares of Northern Trust Corporation in a report on Tuesday, November 22nd. They set a “neutral” rating and a $71.00 target price for the company. Jefferies Group LLC restated a “hold” rating and set a $90.00 target price on shares of Northern Trust Corporation in a report on Sunday, December 4th. Finally, Zacks Investment Research upgraded shares of Northern Trust Corporation from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $90.00 target price for the company in a report on Tuesday, November 29th. One investment analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, ten have assigned a hold rating, one has issued a buy rating and one has given a strong buy rating to the stock. The company presently has a consensus rating of “Hold” and an average price target of $78.88. In related news, CEO Frederick H. Waddell sold 38,939 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction dated Tuesday, November 8th. The shares were sold at an average price of $74.13, for a total value of $2,886,548.07. The transaction was disclosed in a filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is accessible through this hyperlink. Also, insider Steven L. Fradkin sold 323,192 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction dated Wednesday, November 16th. The stock was sold at an average price of $80.98, for a total transaction of $26,172,088.16. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Insiders sold 1,557,300 shares of company stock valued at $121,311,854 in the last ninety days. Corporate insiders own 1.90% of the company’s stock. Northern Trust Corporation Company Profile Northern Trust Corporation is a financial holding company. The Company provides asset servicing, fund administration, asset management, fiduciary and banking solutions for corporations, institutions, families and individuals around the world. The Company’s segments include Corporate & Institutional Services (C&IS), Wealth Management, and Treasury and Other. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding NTRS? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Northern Trust Corporation (NASDAQ:NTRS). Receive News & Ratings for Northern Trust Corporation Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Northern Trust Corporation and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter. « Previous Mondrian Investment Partners LTD Raises Stake in Grupo Aeroportuario Del Pacifico, S.A. de C.V. (PAC) Next » Mondrian Investment Partners LTD Invests $72,729,000 in Crown Holdings, Inc. (CCK) Latest News Nike Suspends Relationship with Maria Sharapova Rob Bironas Ex-Titans Kicker Dies in Car Crash Ron Washington Leaves Texas Rangers Due to an Affair Jonathan Dwyer Falls in Line with Other Banned NFL Players Tony Stewart Case Going to the Grand Jury Oscar Pistorius “Blade Runner” Found Not Guilty of Murder Leave a Reply Click here to cancel reply. Name (Required) Mail (will not be published) (Required) Website   Home Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Headlines Investing © 2006-2017 Web Breaking News.
Home About/Contact US Privacy Policy Staff Daily Email Updates Headlines Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Investing Braskem SA - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Braskem SA with our FREE daily email newsletter: Recent Posts D. E. Shaw & Co. Inc. Sells 283,267 Shares of Invesco PLC (IVZ) Accuray Incorporated (ARAY) Shares Sold by D. E. Shaw & Co. Inc. Honeywell International Inc. (HON) Stake Increased by Apriem Advisors Honeywell International Inc. (HON) Position Lowered by Cumberland Partners Ltd Anthem, Inc. (ANTM) Shares Sold by Gotham Asset Management LLC Gotham Asset Management LLC Has $2,538,000 Stake in Prestige Brand Holdings, Inc. (PBH) TTM Technologies, Inc. (TTMI) Stake Boosted by Clinton Group Inc. Clinton Group Inc. Has $1,006,000 Position in DeVry Education Group Inc. (DV) QUALCOMM Incorporated (QCOM) Shares Sold by HBK Sorce Advisory LLC Ontario Teachers Pension Plan Board Has $583,000 Stake in Agnico Eagle Mines Limited (AEM) Ontario Teachers Pension Plan Board Has $583,000 Position in Synopsys, Inc. (SNPS) Woodmont Investment Counsel LLC Invests $132,000 in Honeywell International Inc. (HON) CGI Group, Inc. (GIB) Position Lowered by Gotham Asset Management LLC Ontario Teachers Pension Plan Board Sells 126,775 Shares of Yamana Gold Inc. (AUY) Clinton Group Inc. Has $1,019,000 Position in United Natural Foods, Inc. (UNFI) UBS Group AG Has $4,439,000 Position in National Oilwell Varco, Inc. (NOV) 5,507 Shares in Avnet, Inc. (AVT) Acquired by Analytic Investors LLC Analytic Investors LLC Invests $216,000 in People’s Utah Bancorp (PUB) Analytic Investors LLC Continues to Hold Stake in American Software, Inc. (AMSWA) 63,770 Shares in Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. (WMT) Acquired by Virtus Investment Advisers Inc. Braskem SA (BAK) Short Interest Update Posted by Jacob Kohn on Feb 5th, 2017 // No Comments Tweet Braskem SA (NYSE:BAK) was the target of a significant drop in short interest in January. As of January 13th, there was short interest totalling 2,211,163 shares, a drop of 41.3% from the December 30th total of 3,764,171 shares. Based on an average daily volume of 413,745 shares, the short-interest ratio is currently 5.3 days. Hedge funds and other institutional investors have recently modified their holdings of the company. Bank of New York Mellon Corp purchased a new position in shares of Braskem SA during the second quarter valued at $173,000. Hussman Strategic Advisors Inc. increased its position in shares of Braskem SA by 36.0% in the second quarter. Hussman Strategic Advisors Inc. now owns 408,000 shares of the company’s stock valued at $4,835,000 after buying an additional 108,000 shares in the last quarter. Sheaff Brock Investment Advisors LLC purchased a new position in shares of Braskem SA during the second quarter valued at $309,000. JPMorgan Chase & Co. increased its position in shares of Braskem SA by 46,102.8% in the second quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 147,387 shares of the company’s stock valued at $1,747,000 after buying an additional 147,068 shares in the last quarter. Finally, Vanguard Group Inc. increased its position in shares of Braskem SA by 4.4% in the second quarter. Vanguard Group Inc. now owns 885,475 shares of the company’s stock valued at $10,493,000 after buying an additional 36,946 shares in the last quarter. 1.09% of the stock is owned by institutional investors. Braskem SA (NYSE:BAK) opened at 19.86 on Friday. Braskem SA has a 12-month low of $10.82 and a 12-month high of $23.15. The stock has a 50 day moving average price of $21.34 and a 200 day moving average price of $16.74. The stock has a market cap of $7.90 billion, a P/E ratio of 10.86 and a beta of 1.39. A number of equities research analysts have weighed in on BAK shares. HSBC Holdings plc assumed coverage on Braskem SA in a research report on Tuesday, October 11th. They set a “buy” rating and a $18.00 price target on the stock. Zacks Investment Research upgraded Braskem SA from a “hold” rating to a “strong-buy” rating and set a $20.00 price objective on the stock in a report on Thursday, October 27th. Finally, J P Morgan Chase & Co upgraded Braskem SA from a “neutral” rating to an “overweight” rating and set a $22.00 price objective on the stock in a report on Monday, December 5th. TRADEMARK VIOLATION WARNING: This piece was published by Web Breaking News and is the property of of Web Breaking News. If you are reading this piece on another site, it was illegally stolen and republished in violation of United States and international copyright law. The original version of this piece can be read at http://www.webbreakingnews.com/2017/02/05/braskem-sa-bak-short-interest-update.html. About Braskem SA Braskem SA produces thermoplastic resins. The Company’s segments are Basic petrochemicals, Polyolefins, Vinyls, the United States and Europe, and Chemical distribution. It is also engaged in the import and export of chemicals, petrochemicals and fuels, the production, supply and sale of utilities such as steam, water, compressed air, industrial gases, the provision of industrial services, and the production, supply and sale of electric energy. Receive News & Ratings for Braskem SA Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Braskem SA and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter. « Previous FY2016 Earnings Forecast for Fitbit, Inc. (FIT) Issued By SunTrust Banks Next » SPDR Barclays Capital Convertible SecETF (CWB) Short Interest Down 40.4% in January Latest News Nike Suspends Relationship with Maria Sharapova Rob Bironas Ex-Titans Kicker Dies in Car Crash Ron Washington Leaves Texas Rangers Due to an Affair Jonathan Dwyer Falls in Line with Other Banned NFL Players Tony Stewart Case Going to the Grand Jury Oscar Pistorius “Blade Runner” Found Not Guilty of Murder Leave a Reply Click here to cancel reply. Name (Required) Mail (will not be published) (Required) Website   Home Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Headlines Investing © 2006-2017 Web Breaking News.
Skip to Content Skip to Navigation ABC Radio Australia Internationalchange International News, current affairs & topical conversations from Australia, Asia and the Pacific Change site International International News, current affairs & topical conversations from Australia, Asia and the Pacific Tok Pisin Tok Pisin News and features from Australia in Tok Pisin and English Français French News and current affairs from Australia in French and English for the Pacific ျမန္မာ Burmese News, current affairs and English lessons from Australia in Burmese and English ខ្មែរ Khmer News, current affairs and English lessons from Australia in Khmer and English Primary Links News Latest stories Features Featured topics Asia Australia Business Pacific Learn English Radio On air highlights Podcasts Schedule Programs A-Z Presenters Ways to listen Featured Programs Pacific Beat Communities Facebook Twitter Community guidelines About Us Contact us Media releases Search ABC Radio Australia Keywords Advanced search Home \ News The week in finance: US banks jump on deregulation, China tightens and RBA to hold The week in finance: US banks jump on deregulation, China tightens and RBA to hold Print Share this story The week in finance: US banks jump on deregulation, China tightens and RBA to hold Updated 5 February 2017, 13:25 AEDT By business reporter Stephen Letts The so-called "Trump Trade" bounces back on news the new administration will be taking the knife to tougher bank laws put in place in the wake of the GFC. The ASX 200 futures were bid up 0.4 per cent over the weekend. (Credit: AAP)  After a recent loss of momentum, the so-called "Trump Trade" has bounced back on news the new administration will be taking the knife to tougher bank laws put in place in the wake of the GFC. The banking sector drove the S&P 500 up 0.7 per cent to just short of a record close on Friday, which in turn pointed to a positive start to the week on the local market. The ASX 200 futures were bid up 0.4 per cent over the weekend. Markets on Friday's close: ASX SPI 200 futures +0.4pc at 5,596 AUD: 76.83 US cents, 71.22 euro cents, 61.51 British pence, 86.59 Japanese yen, $NZ1.05 US: Dow Jones +0.9 at 20,071, S&P 500 +0.7pc at 2,297, NASDAQ +0.3pc at 5,162 Europe: FTSE +0.7pc at 7,188, DAX +0.2pc at 11,651, Eurostoxx50 +0.2pc at 3,273 Commodities: Brent oil +0.3pc at $US56.72/barrel, Gold +0.3pc at $US1,220/ounce, Iron ore -4.4pc at $US79.57/tonne The push to scale back bank regulations came as little surprise, but Mr Trump's forum with business bosses where he said he would "be cutting a lot out of Dodd-Frank" was met with high-fives on trading desks as investors piled even more heavily into US banks. It went a long way to validate the buying of US bank shares since Mr Trump's November victory, with the sector up more than 25 per cent since then. The Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act was the Obama administration's response to profligate and unscrupulous lending by US banks that blew up the global economy. The exponential expansion of subprime mortgage lending — engineered by exotic and opaque tricks such as collateralised debt obligations — turned toxic, destroyed a couple of banks and took several others to the brink before being bailed out by taxpayers. The Dodd-Frank package included demands on banks to hold higher levels of low-risk capital, tighter trading rules and a crackdown on the predatory lending which sparked the whole crisis in the first place. Mr Trump noted his displeasure was not with the banks, but the rules that hamstrung their efforts to lend more to his friends. "I have so many friends, friends of mine, that have nice businesses that can't borrow money ... because the banks just won't let them borrow because of the rules and regulations in Dodd-Frank," Mr Trump told the assembled business leaders. The news was especially welcome to JP Morgan Chase boss Jamie Dimon, who was at the forum and saw his bank's share jump 3 per cent over the course of the day. Mr Dimon appears to be back in the good books, having previously been characterised by Mr Trump as being "the worst banker in the United States" in the wake of a settlement of a $US13 billion with the Department of Justice (DoJ) over JP Morgan's not insignificant part in the GFC. To be fair to Mr Dimon, it was not because Mr Trump saw him or his bank as unethical or crooked, but because he wimped it by settling the case with the US Government. All of which poses the question: will the other big bankers now be goaded into expensive litigation with the Trump administration's DoJ's lest being labelled wimps too, or will the DoJ take it easy — not wishing to be hit by another sledge from the Trump playbook, such as being called "nasty"? It could also be pointed out that Mr Trump's friends with their nice businesses could be a bit unlucky in not getting new lines of credit. US commercial bank lending has been climbing since 2010 — the year the Dodd-Frank laws were signed into effect by former president Barack Obama — and is now at 70-year highs, according to recent research from the Federal Reserve Bank of St Louis. Anyway, what could go wrong with allowing banks to go back to the free-wheeling pro-growth lending practices they employed before those Democrat curmudgeons Barney Frank and Chris Dodd set out to ruin the fun? There was that savage recession, but apart from that? China's surprise tightening drives down commodities While borrowing may be about to become easier in the US, it could be getting a bit tougher in China. The unexpected decision by the Peoples' Bank of China (PBoC) to push up short-term interest rates looms a worry for Asian markets returning from the Lunar New Year holiday, as well as commodity markets and by extension commodity exporters. The immediate impact saw iron ore futures on the Dalian Commodity exchange fall more than 5 per cent, while rebar steel futures in Shanghai were down almost 7 per cent on Friday. The weaker futures market could well drag down Chinese spot-prices, which haven not resumed trading yet, although Nymex iron ore in the US was down more than 4 per cent, slipping below $US80/tonne. Societe Generale's Wei Yao said the move to raise the so-called "repo" rates was a significant step-up of liquidity tightening. "The PBoC seems to have become more confident of growth, more concerned about inflationary pressure, and more alarmed about financial leverage," Ms Yao wrote in a note to clients. However, with the property market looking like rolling over in the second half of the year, any upward cycle in interest rates is likely to be cautious and probably not prolonged. "The expected narrow window before the next slowdown is probably one critical reason why the PBoC has not yet invoked the nuclear option of raising benchmark deposit and lending rates," Ms Yao said. The "nuclear option" would be distinctly unpleasant for the miners. RBA to hold, update forecasts The Reserve Bank of Australia (RBA) on the other hand will not feel inclined to tinker with interest rates when it meets on Tuesday. The market has priced in only a 5 per cent chance of a cut. The RBA would be loath to spring a surprise, particularly as fourth quarter inflation figures — both headline and underlying — were pretty much in-line with the RBA's forecasts and unemployment has only edged up marginally. Of more interest may be the RBA's Statement on Monetary Policy on Friday, which will include updates on forecasts for economic growth and inflation. Citi's Paul Brennan said the RBA was likely to depart from its usual stance of labelling the update as "similar" to previous forecasts. The third quarter contraction is likely to see about 1 percentage point lopped from mid-year 2017 GDP growth forecasts, although longer term forecasts are unlikely be affected according to Mr Brennan. "These forecasts are unlikely to be changed given the RBA's glass half-full view of the outlook based on a gradual pick up in non-mining business investment, a lessening drag from falling mining investment, strong growth in export volumes and continued housing construction activity," he said. "If we are correct, then the RBA would continue to forecast a strengthening in economic growth to 2.5 per cent to 3.5 per cent by year end." Inflation forecasts are unlikely to be changed either, with the RBA expecting the climb back into its 2 to 3 per cent target band to be on track for early 2019. The other key economic updates for the week are retail trade (Monday) and housing finance (Friday). Retail sales should have rebounded in December after a weak month before, while the focus on home loans will be investor activity, which appears to be heating up again much to the anxiety of the RBA and bank regulators. Rio Tinto, AMP release full-year results What a difference 12 months can make. This time last year the mining giant announced a net loss of $1.2 billion, its best efforts undermined by tumbling commodity prices and slowing global growth. This year analysts are looking for the underlying profit to be somewhere around $5 billion and few nasty write downs to hit the net figure when it drops on Wednesday. While that is a healthy turnaround, the big surge in commodity prices only really kicked in during the last quarter of 2016, suggesting even strong profits in the forthcoming half. Investors will be eyeing the cash now flowing into the company and wondering how it will be used and whether they will get a slice of the action. AMP on the other hand tabled a record billion-dollar profit a year ago, a feat that will not be repeated when it releases its full-year accounts on Thursday. Morgan Stanley forecasts a loss of more than $250 million, while Credit Suisse has a $300 million loss in its spreadsheets. Unfavourable moves in bond yields will do a fair bit of damage and life insurance continues to be a challenge. Nonetheless, Morgan Stanley's Daniel Toohey still likes the wealth manager telling investors stronger capital, lower costs and better cash-flows are supporting a recovery from its low point in October. Other key results this week include NAB's first quarter trading update (Monday) and half-year numbers from Transurban (Tuesday), Carsales (Wednesday) and AGL (Thursday), while the big contractor CIMIC, formerly known as Leightons, is expected to report a 20 per cent slump in full-year profit (Wednesday). The US fourth quarter reporting season also rolls on with around half the companies in the S&P 500 reporting so far, another 100 coming up this week. So far, it has been pretty positive with profits beating expectations up 8 per cent on average, and leading analysts to pencil in an 11 per cent rise for the first quarter this year. Australia Monday 6/2/17 Retail sales Job ads Inflation gauge Dec: Should rebound from previous fall Jan: Declined around 2pc in December Jan: MI/TD Securities series, still weak Tuesday 7/2/17 RBA decision Construction index No change Jan: AiG series Wednesday 8/2/17 Thursday 9/2/17 RBA speech New home sales NAB business confidence Governor Phillip Lowe Dec: HIA series Q4: Tracking around long-term trend Friday 10/2/17 RBA Statement on Monetary Policy Home Loans Quarterly update on monetary policy and economic forecasts Dec: Investor lending bouncing back Corporate Monday 6/2/17 NAB Q1 trading update Tuesday 7/2/17 Transurban SCA Property group Macquarie Group Half-year result, NPAT $175m forecast Half-year result, NPAT $51m forecast Operational update Wednesday 8/2/17 Carsales CIMIC Rio Tinto Half-year result, NPAT $54m forecast Full-year result, NPAT $454m forecast Full-year result, NPAT $US4850m forecast Thursday 9/2/17 AGL AMP Suncorp Newscorp Half-year result, NPAT $383m forecast Full-year result, NPAT $525m forecast Half-year result, NPAT $606m forecast Quarterly report, NPAT $100m forecast Friday 10/2/17 Overseas Monday 6/2/17 Tuesday 7/2/17 CH: Foreign reserves US: Trade balance US: Consumer credit Jan: Officials concerned about outflows Dec: $US45bn deficit has become political Dec: Measure of consumer spending Wednesday 8/2/17 CH: Current account Q4: Solid surplus Thursday 9/2/17 US: Wholesale trade Friday 10/2/17 CH: Trade balance UK: Trade balance Jan: Stronger imports and exports forecast Jan: Sizeable deficit Topics: Australia China Consumer Finance International Financial Crisis International Financial Institutions United States Share this story Do you need to give feedback or ask a question about this story? Listen Top stories Donald Trump says US-Japan bond 'very deep' after meeting with PM Shinzo Abe Kenya declares drought a national disaster, appeals for local and international help Hundreds of thousands rally in Iran against Trump administration 'First time' flooding event across the South Pacific amid ongoing heavy rainfall Iranian refugee Loghman Sawari moved from Port Moresby to Bomana prison ahead of bail application Bali landslide leaves seven people dead, homes wiped out Japanese scientists create gel to allow tiny drones to mimic bees, collect pollen More top stories Explore ABC Radio Australia Your site: International Change site: Tiếng Việt Tok Pisin Français ျမန္မာ ខ្មែរ ABC Radio Australia on Facebook Connect on Facebook ABC Radio Australia on Twitter Connect on Twitter Radio Australia Follow @RadioAustralia Radio Australia News Follow @RANews News Latest stories Features Learn English Radio On air highlights Podcasts Schedule Programs A-Z Presenters Ways to listen Communities Facebook Twitter Community guidelines About Us Contact us Media releases Subscribe Podcasts RSS iTunes Help FAQ Podcasts and RSS Audio and video Using our site World partners: Swissinfo NHK World Radio Canada International Radio Netherlands Worldwide Radio Sweden This service includes material from AAP, Agence France-Presse, APTN, BBC, CNN, Getty, Pacnews, Reuters and other agencies which is copyright and cannot be reproduced, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed without written consent. Australia Plus Television Radio Australia ABC News ABC International Development ABC Home About the ABC Careers ABC Services Help ABC Contacts © 2015 ABC Conditions of Use Privacy Policy
Markets BI Intelligence Events Trending Tech Insider Finance Politics Strategy Life Sports Video All × From To You have successfully emailed the post. × 
     

 TRUMP TO BUSINESS TITANS: There are 'exciting times ahead' Bob Bryan Feb. 3, 2017, 11:00 AM 10,392 facebook linkedin twitter email print Chip Somodevilla/Getty Images President Donald Trump met on Friday with executives from some of the biggest companies in the world. The President's Strategic and Policy Forum is headed by Stephen Schwarzman, the CEO of the private-equity giant Blackstone, and includes executives from JPMorgan, BlackRock, General Motors, Disney, and Boeing. Trump called the assembled group the "best and brightest" and said he wanted to hear from its members about issues such as taxation, regulation, and job creation. "We're bringing back jobs, we're bringing down your taxes, we're getting rid of your regulations, and there are some really exciting times ahead," Trump told the assembled business leaders. Trump said his administration was going to be "coming out with a tax bill soon and a healthcare bill even sooner." The president also described the impact he hoped to have on certain industries. Trump said he hoped to talk to JPMorgan CEO Jamie Dimon about revising the Dodd-Frank financial regulation. Trump's administration announced that Trump planned to sign an executive order on Friday to direct the Treasury to review and revise the rule. "There is nobody better to tell me about Dodd-Frank than Jamie," Trump said, referring to Dimon. "So he has to tell me about it, but we expect to be cutting a lot from Dodd-Frank because I have so many people, friends of mine, that have nice businesses, and they can't borrow money. They can't get money from the banks — they just can't get any money because the banks won't let them borrow because of rules and regulations in Dodd-Frank." I have so many people, friends of mine, that have nice businesses, and they can't borrow money. Trump also praised Larry Fink, the CEO of BlackRock, saying he used to have money in BlackRock's funds and Fink got him "great returns last year." (Trump has repeatedly said he sold off all of his stocks in June, though he has not provided documentation.) Schwarzman also addressed the group and said the point of the forum was to "advise the government as to areas we could do things a lot better" and that it was "important to mobilize the nongovernmental sector." On the agenda, Schwarzman noted, was immigration. Numerous business leaders have spoken out against a recent executive order by Trump temporarily banning entry to the US by people from seven majority-Muslim countries. Travis Kalanick, the CEO of Uber, was named a member of the group but announced Thursday that he would not be participating. Uber had been the target of protesters who took issue with Kalanick's participation on the forum amid Trump's temporary immigration ban. Additionally, Disney CEO Bob Iger did not attend because of a scheduling conflict. Trump told the executives that he hoped to meet with them on a monthly or quarterly basis going forward to address business issues. Trump also praised Friday's jobs report during the meeting. "227,000 jobs, great spirit in the country right now," said Trump, talking about the headline jobs gains for the month of January. "I think it's going to continue, big league." SEE ALSO: Trump is expected to sign executive orders that would repeal 2 huge Wall Street regulations NOW WATCH: Here's how to use one of the many apps to buy and trade bitcoin Loading video... More: Donald J. Trump Donald Trump Stephen Schwarzman facebook linkedin twitter email print × Recommended For You Powered by Sailthru TRUMP TO BUSINESS TITANS: There are 'exciting times ahead' TRUMP TO BUSINESS TITANS: There are 'exciting times ahead' President Donald Trump met on Friday with... Recommended For You Disclaimer Featured How this astronaut overcame failure and rejection to land his dream job More "Idea Factory" » We just created the best Google Chrome extension on the market for latest news headlines More "BI Innovations" » Markets Emails & Alerts Get the best of Business Insider delivered to your inbox every day. Sign-Up Get the Slide Deck from Henry Blodget's IGNITION Presentation on the Future of Digital     Read Business Insider On The Go Available on iOS or Android Find A Job Tech Jobs C-Level Jobs Media Jobs Design Jobs Finance Jobs Sales Jobs See All Jobs » Thanks to our partners Follow us on: Also check out: * Copyright © 2017 Business Insider Inc. All rights reserved. Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. Disclaimer Commerce Policy Made in NYC Stock quotes by finanzen.net International Editions: UK DE AUS ID IN MY SG PL SE NL FR IT JP
HOME EDITION News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance CNBC Explains Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows Watch Live CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Full Episodes More Log In | Register Log Out News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Consumer Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Halftime Portfolio Squawk Box Portfolio Take a Tour Subscribe Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance CNBC Explains Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Special Reports Trader Talk Modern Medicine Global Investing Hot Spots Portfolio Perspective CNBC Fed Survey Future Opportunities Retail Report Original Series Executive Edge Trading Nation Futures Now Retire Well The Pulse @ 1 Market The Bottom Line CNBC Events Davos Delivering Alpha eMerge Americas iCONIC Conference Cambridge Cyber Summit Sohn Conference Follow CNBC EDITION Register Log In Profile Email Preferences PRO Sign Out Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Halftime Portfolio Squawk Box Portfolio Take a Tour Subscribe LIVE TV Watch CNBC TV Watch CNBC Pro Watchlist X × × × Fast Money Fast Money Halftime Report Video Behind the Trade Poll Disclaimer JPMorgan's Kolanovic says market is 'very stretched', and a pullback is coming Stephanie Landsman | @stephlandsman Saturday, 4 Feb 2017 | 3:00 PM ETCNBC.com SHARES show chapters JPMorgan's Kolanovic sees 2,400 on S&P 500 by year-end    Thursday, 2 Feb 2017 | 5:32 PM ET | 04:25 JPMorgan's Marko Kolanovic, who accurately predicted the S&P 500 would hit 2,300 on President Donald Trump's election win, now says another big event is about to happen—but this time, it has nothing to do with politics. A sizable sell-off could be just weeks away, according to Kolanovic, who's the firm's head of quantitative and derivatives research. He puts the time frame between next month's Federal Reserve meeting and the June gathering. "You could have a 5 percent pullback," he said Thursday on CNBC's "Fast Money." Kolanovic, who's earned top honors from Institutional Investor, points to complacency and high leverage in the market as warning signs that a significant pause is likely. He finds that fewer investors are buying protection and positioning is "very stretched." His latest assessment of the market comes as the Dow traded back above the key 20,000 level, with Friday being its best day of the year. Kolanovic says the impending sell-off won't be sparked by the political discourse surrounding Trump's policies. Rather, the drop would be triggered by disappointing economic data or a policy shift by the Federal Reserve. "I tend to think what can turn it [the market rally] is a more hawkish Fed," he said. "This week was pretty uneventful or the message was relatively dovish, so nothing happened. But, at some point they will set the stage for hikes and I would be watching either the Fed meetings or data that will drive the Fed like inflation and employment." Yet, he says the pullback could be the best opportunity of the year for investors to make money. "Eventually we would recover and then it would be a buying opportunity," said Kolanovic. "Our 2017 view is that we still have upside in equities. 2,400 is our target for the year-end. So, overall we are positive for the market." He believes there are good reasons for investors to stay constructive, citing Trump's pro-business agenda. "There are so many political issues and noise. Some people do take it very seriously. My personal view is that it's not going to be the key driver of the market," said Kolanovic, contending that Trump's tax reform agenda will eventually make it through Congress and help push stocks higher. Stephanie LandsmanProducer, CNBC’s "Fast Money" To view this site, you need to have JavaScript enabled in your browser, and either the Flash Plugin or an HTML5-Video enabled browser. Download the latest Flash player and try again. Playing Share this video... × Watch Next...
Subscribe Sign In Home Contact SFGate Classifieds About SFGate About SFGate FAQ SFGate Newsletters SFGate Staff Careers Site Index Hearst About The Chronicle About The Chronicle The Chronicle Staff Become a Subscriber Manage Your Subscription Customer Service Careers e-edition Back Copies Chronicle in Education Corrections Advertise with Us More on Advertising More on Advertising Place a Classified Ad About Our Ads Public Notices Local Business Directory Place an Obituary Gate List Store Privacy policy Privacy policy Ad Choices Chronicle Archives Terms of Use Newsletters Get news alerts SFGate Customer support Get VIP access with SF Chronicle Membership Get SFGate newsletters for the latest from the Bay Check out the Top 100 Bay Area restaurants Local Bay Area & State News Traffic Weather Crime Earthquakes Obituaries Video Victor Anderson, dancer and educator, dies Daly City man caught on camera fleeing homicide scene arrested White House considers rewriting Trump’s travel ban Road crew employee killed on Highway 17 was working with son News Education Nation World Politics Cannabis Sponsored: Clean Energy CA Powerful quake kills at least 6 in southern Philippines Poland's PM suffered "nothing serious" in car crash Indonesians at mass prayers urged to vote for Muslims More whales strand in New Zealand, bringing total to 650 Sports 49ers Raiders Giants A's Warriors Golf Sports Calendar NFL MLB NBA College Preps Golf Outdoors Warriors’ Andre Iguodala a driving force on star-studded team Raiders give Jack Del Rio 4-year contract Draymond Green makes NBA history as Warriors rout Memphis No. 20 St. Mary’s withstands scare from Portland Business Scotland Business Opportunities Technology Mortgage Rates Home Guides Public Notices Sponsored Content The Tech Chronicles VisionSF Jobs Tesla readies Fremont factory for Model 3 production Cosmetology schools sue Betsy DeVos over Obama-era rules Tesla employee’s protest is a clash between Silicon Valley, Twitter’s reach doesn’t translate to revenue A&E The Daily Dish Snow Movies Music & Nightlife Performance Art Cannabis Events TV Horoscope Comics Crosswords & Puzzles Reno-Tahoe Things To Do Battle of Bands, and IPAs, at SF Beer Week The latest from Dear Abby Everything is still cool with ‘The Lego Batman Movie’ Balboa Theatre revives nostalgic Saturday matinees Food Restaurants Wine Top 100 Restaurants Chronicle Wine Competition Reservations Beer News Inside Scoop SF Healthy Eating Michael Bauer's Blog Equator Coffee headed to Fort Mason San Francisco restaurants where you can still get a Valentine's Iza Ramen’s new SoMa outpost opens Friday Chef Teague Moriarty takes over as sole owner of Sons & Living Home & Garden Style Parties Lust LGBT Mommy Files & Parenting Houzz Outdoors Health Blogs Education Sponsored Schools, Camps & Activities Cannabis Interim chief gets permanent post with California Coastal Damage to Oroville Dam spillway worsens — could cost $100 Tiburon bayfront home a homage to Japanese architecture Travel Monterey-Carmel Weekend Getaways Wine Country Napa Reno-Tahoe Hawaii Mexico Snow Chris McGinnis' Travel Tips Suite Spot: Hotel Sutter, Sutter Creek Drinking in history at Amador County taverns Insider: Berkeley transplant puts down roots in Sutter Creek Ethical destinations: How to have a good trip Real Estate New Homes Open Homes Luxury Rentals Mortgage Rates Commercial Place an ad Home Guides Home Sales On the Block Blog Normandy style splendor in Pacific Heights: $8.25M Cupertino Spanish Mediterranean warms and welcomes Unique 10,000-square-foot Hillsborough Georgian built in 1896 A deal? 40 acres (and a house) for $1.295 million in Carmel Cars Dealers Click and Clack Car Blog My Ride Al's Road to the Big Game Sell Your Car U.S. News names the 'Best Cars for the Money' in 2017 Porsche’s entry level SUV ideally done Almost 67,000 polluting VW and Audi diesels returned so far A high-performance luxury Bentley SUV Jobs Job Events Advertise Salary Wizard Get To Work Avoid an interview disaster Is your birth order influencing your career? Are you prepared for a panel interview? 5 ways to handle an unexpected career change Classifieds Chronicle Latest columns Michael Bauer Leah Garchik Bruce Jenkins Esther Mobley Ann Killion Otis R. Taylor Jr. Thomas Lee Matier & Ross Heather Knight Kathleen Pender Scott Ostler Special Report: Forgotten Survivors of AIDS Rising reality: Managing rising sea levels Beyond Homelessness: Tackling SF's epidemic Michael Bauer's Top 100 Restaurants MenuSections https://syndication.washingtonpost.com/nss/stories/754a51dc-eaee-11e6-80c2-30e57e57e05d Documents confirm Trump still benefiting from his business Rosalind S. Helderman, Drew Harwell, The Washington Post Updated 11:30 am, Saturday, February 4, 2017 RELATED VIDEO: President Donald Trump has ordered a sweeping review of the US laws brought in to regulate banks after the 2008 financial crisis. The move to weaken regulations on the financial services industry – known as the Dodd-Frank law – came after a meeting with top business leaders including Jamie Dimon, the head of major Wall Street bank JP Morgan Chase. Media: Euronews Business Before taking office, President Trump promised to place his assets in a trust designed to erect a wall between him and the businesses that made him wealthy. But newly released documents show that Trump himself is the sole beneficiary of the trust and it is legally controlled by his oldest son and a longtime employee. The documents, obtained through a public records request by the investigative news service ProPublica and first reported by the New York Times, also show that Trump retains the legal power to revoke the trust at any time. The documents were filed to the alcoholic beverage control board in the District of Columbia to alert the board that oversees liquor licenses at Trump's Washington hotel of the change in the business. The documents show that Donald Trump Jr., the president's eldest son, and Allen Weisselberg, the Trump Organization's chief financial officer, were placed in legal control of the trust on Jan. 19, one day before Trump took office. But they outline that the trust's purpose is "to hold assets for the exclusive benefit of Donald J. Trump," who "has the power to revoke the Trust." Photo: Evan Vucci, AP Image 1of/25 Caption Close Image 1 of 25 In this Feb. 2, 2017, photo, President Donald Trump listens as he is introduced during the National Prayer Breakfast in Washington. Two weeks into his presidency, Donald Trump has thrown Washington into a state of anxious uncertainty. Policy pronouncements sprout up from the White House in rapid succession. Some have far-reaching implications, most notably Trump’s temporary refugee and immigration ban, but others disappear without explanation, including planned executive actions on cybersecurity and the president’s demand for an investigation into unsubstantiated voter fraud. The day’s agenda can quickly be overtaken by presidential tweets, which often start flashing on smartphones just as the nation’s capital is waking up. less In this Feb. 2, 2017, photo, President Donald Trump listens as he is introduced during the National Prayer Breakfast in Washington. Two weeks into his presidency, Donald Trump has thrown Washington into a state ... more Photo: Evan Vucci, AP Image 2 of 25 Click through this slideshow to see the executive orders and some other actions President Donald Trump took during his first 100 days in office.  Click through this slideshow to see the executive orders and some other actions President Donald Trump took during his first 100 days in office.  Image 3 of 25 Softening of the Affordable Care Act - Jan. 20 Trump's first executive order as president called for the delay of the implementation of "any provision or requirement of the act" that places a "fiscal burden" on states and individuals. President Trump and congressional Republicans have made the repeal of the Affordable Care Act a top priority in their agenda. less Softening of the Affordable Care Act - Jan. 20 Trump's first executive order as president called for the delay of the implementation of "any provision or requirement of the act" that places a "fiscal ... more Photo: Evan Vucci, AP Image 4 of 25 New regulation freeze - Jan. 20 President Trump signed a presidential memorandum that implements a "freeze" on regulations until they are approved by the president or one of the new heads of his governmental agencies. less New regulation freeze - Jan. 20 President Trump signed a presidential memorandum that implements a "freeze" on regulations until they are approved by the president or one of the new heads of his ... more Photo: Evan Vucci, AP Image 5 of 25 No federal funding for organizations that provide abortion services - Jan. 23 President Trump revoked a presidential memorandum by Barack Obama that ended a ban on sending funding to organizations that provide abortion services overseas. Ronald Reagan first implemented this ban in 1984, and since then Republican and Democratic presidents have taken turns de-implementing and re-implementing it. less No federal funding for organizations that provide abortion services - Jan. 23 President Trump revoked a presidential memorandum by Barack Obama that ended a ban on sending funding to organizations that ... more Photo: Pool, Getty Images Image 6 of 25 Withdrawal from the Trans-Pacific Partnership (TPP) - Jan. 23 One of President Trump's first executive actions was to pull out of the Trans-Pacific Partnership, a trade deal Trump said he believes will hurt U.S manufacturing jobs. less Withdrawal from the Trans-Pacific Partnership (TPP) - Jan. 23 One of President Trump's first executive actions was to pull out of the Trans-Pacific Partnership, a trade deal Trump said he believes will ... more Photo: Pool Image 7 of 25 A "hiring freeze" for governmental employees - Jan. 23 This presidential memorandum temporarily prevents government agencies from filling vacancies or opening new ones. The military is exempt from this memorandum. less A "hiring freeze" for governmental employees - Jan. 23 This presidential memorandum temporarily prevents government agencies from filling vacancies or opening new ones. The military is exempt from this ... more Photo: NICHOLAS KAMM, AFP/Getty Images Image 8 of 25 Pipeline approval - Jan. 24 President Trump signed an executive order Jan. 24 to clear the way for the Dakota Access and Keystone XL pipeline in North Dakota. Pipeline approval - Jan. 24 President Trump signed an executive order Jan. 24 to clear the way for the Dakota Access and Keystone XL pipeline in North Dakota. Photo: DOUG MILLS, NYT Image 9 of 25 Buy photo Quicker environmental reviews of "high priority" infrastructure projects - Jan. 24 President Trump signed an executive order calling for the chairman of the White House Council on Environmental Quality to establish faster deadlines for environmental reviews of "high priority" infrastructure projects. Trump is expected to work with Senate Democrats on an infrastructure bill in the near future. less Quicker environmental reviews of "high priority" infrastructure projects - Jan. 24 President Trump signed an executive order calling for the chairman of the White House Council on Environmental Quality to ... more Photo: Ned Gerard Buy this photo Image 10 of 25 Mandate for American-made steel in new pipelines - Jan. 24 President Trump signed a presidential memorandum directing the Commerce Secretary to "ensure" that all pipelines built or repaired in the United States are made with American-made steel. Pictured: In this Dec. 5, 2012 file photo, foreman Javier Garcia works with his crew as they lower a section of pipe into the ground with cradles, along the TransCanada Keystone XL Pipeline section two near Winona, Texas. less Mandate for American-made steel in new pipelines - Jan. 24 President Trump signed a presidential memorandum directing the Commerce Secretary to "ensure" that all pipelines built or repaired in the United States ... more Photo: Sarah A. Miller, Associated Press Image 11 of 25 Review of manufacturing regulations - Jan. 24 President Trump ordered the commerce secretary to conduct a 60-day review of manufacturing regulations, in the hope that many can be repealed. Pictured: In this Oct. 21, 2016 file photo, Susan Stacy moves a tube to sort recycled plastic bottle chips being processed at the Repreve Bottle Processing Center, part of the Unifi textile company in Yadkinville, N.C. less Review of manufacturing regulations - Jan. 24 President Trump ordered the commerce secretary to conduct a 60-day review of manufacturing regulations, in the hope that many can be repealed. Pictured: In this ... more Photo: Chuck Burton, Associated Press Image 12 of 25 Mexico border wall moves forward Jan. 25 President Trump signed executive actions to jumpstart the construction of an U.S.-Mexico border wall. Trump also blocked federal grants from immigrant-protecting "sanctuary cities."  Pictured: In this Nov. 10, 2016 file photo, workers raise a taller fence along the Mexico-US border between the towns of Anapra, Mexico and Sunland Park, New Mexico. less Mexico border wall moves forward Jan. 25 President Trump signed executive actions to jumpstart the construction of an U.S.-Mexico border wall. Trump also blocked federal grants from ... more Photo: Christian Torres, AP Image 13 of 25 Strengthening ICE, deportation instructions and cracking down on sanctuary cities President Trump signed an executive order that calls for the hiring of 10,000 more Immigration and Customs Enforcement agents. Also included in the order is a mandate for federal agencies to "step up" and deport undocumented immigrants who have been convicted of a crime, charged with a crime, committed a chargeable offense, misrepresented themselves to the government, abused a welfare program, are under deportation order and who may “in the judgment of an immigration officer, otherwise pose a risk to public safety or national security." The order also calls for the U.S Attorney General and Secretary of Homeland Security to block federal grants to "sanctuary cities" that do not follow federal immigration laws. Pictured: In this Aug. 17, 2015 file photo, Immigration and Customs Enforcement (ICE) officers arrest a man in San Antonio, Texas. less Strengthening ICE, deportation instructions and cracking down on sanctuary cities President Trump signed an executive order that calls for the hiring of 10,000 more Immigration and Customs Enforcement agents. ... more Photo: John Davenport, Staff / San Antonio Express-News Image 14 of 25 Reconstruction of the United States Military - Jan. 27 Alongside Defense Secretary James Mattis, President Trump signed an executive order that calls for "new planes, new ships, new resources, new tools for our men and women in uniform." Trump also stated that he would "defer" to Mattis on whether or not to use torture on prisoners. less Reconstruction of the United States Military - Jan. 27 Alongside Defense Secretary James Mattis, President Trump signed an executive order that calls for "new planes, new ships, new resources, new tools for our ... more Photo: Susan Walsh, AP Image 15 of 25 "New vetting measures" for immigrants - Jan. 27 President Trump signed an executive order on Jan. 27 barring all refugees from entering the U.S. and calling for "new vetting measures." All refugees were not allowed to come to the U.S. for four months and those from war-ravaged Syria were indefinitely barred.   "I'm establishing new vetting measures to keep radical Islamic terrorists out of the United States of America. We don't want 'em here," Trump said. "We want to ensure that we are not admitting into our country the very threats our soldiers are fighting overseas. We only want to admit those into our country who will support our country and love deeply our people." less "New vetting measures" for immigrants - Jan. 27 President Trump signed an executive order on Jan. 27 barring all refugees from entering the U.S. and calling for "new vetting measures." All refugees ... more Photo: MANDEL NGAN, AFP/Getty Images Image 16 of 25 Immigration ban for seven majority Muslim countries - Jan. 27 The president's most controversial executive order suspending U.S. immigration and travel for citizens of Iran, Iraq, Libya, Somalia, Sudan, Syria and Yemen for 90 days, until "new vetting measures" are established. Thousands of Americans took to airports to protest the order, which caused chaos as a number of travelers were held in limbo at airports. less Immigration ban for seven majority Muslim countries - Jan. 27 The president's most controversial executive order suspending U.S. immigration and travel for citizens of Iran, Iraq, Libya, Somalia, Sudan, Syria ... more Photo: Marcus Yam/LA Times Via Getty Images Image 17 of 25 Reorganization of the National Security Council - Jan. 28 President Trump shook up the National Security Council by signing an presidential memorandum that adds Chief Strategist Steve Bannon to the principals committee of the National Security Council. less Reorganization of the National Security Council - Jan. 28 President Trump shook up the National Security Council by signing an presidential memorandum that adds Chief Strategist Steve Bannon to the ... more Photo: Win McNamee, Staff Image 18 of 25 New lobbying bans - Jan. 29 President Trump signed an executive order that places a lifetime ban on administration officials lobbying on behalf of a foreign government, and a five year ban on lobbying for anything else. less New lobbying bans - Jan. 29 President Trump signed an executive order that places a lifetime ban on administration officials lobbying on behalf of a foreign government, and a five year ban on lobbying ... more Photo: Susan Walsh, STF Image 19 of 25 A call for a plan to defeat ISIS President Trump signed a presidential memorandum that commands Secretary of Defense James Mattis to develop a plan to defeat ISIS within 30 days. Pictured: Afghan Solidarity members burn an IS flag during a rally against the Islamic State (IS) group in Iraq and the US Presence in Afghanistan. less A call for a plan to defeat ISIS President Trump signed a presidential memorandum that commands Secretary of Defense James Mattis to develop a plan to defeat ISIS within 30 days. Pictured: Afghan ... more Photo: WAKIL KOHSAR, AFP/Getty Images Image 20 of 25 Reducing agency regulations - Jan. 30 President Trump signed an executive order that requires agencies to repeal two existing regulations if they create one new one. The order also gives regulatory agencies an annual quota of regulations. less Reducing agency regulations - Jan. 30 President Trump signed an executive order that requires agencies to repeal two existing regulations if they create one new one. The order also gives regulatory agencies ... more Photo: Ron Sachs, Bloomberg Image 21 of 25 Appointment of Neil Gorsuch to the Supreme Court - Feb. 1 President Trump appointed federal judge Neil Gorsuch to fill the vacant Supreme Court seat left by Antonin Scalia. Prior to his nomination, Gorsuch served as an appellate judge on the United States Court of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit. less Appointment of Neil Gorsuch to the Supreme Court - Feb. 1 President Trump appointed federal judge Neil Gorsuch to fill the vacant Supreme Court seat left by Antonin Scalia. Prior to his nomination, Gorsuch ... more Photo: AL DRAGO, NYT Image 22 of 25 Review of Dodd Frank- Feb. 3 President Trump signed an executive order calling for a review of Dodd Frank and other financial regulations. Review of Dodd Frank- Feb. 3 President Trump signed an executive order calling for a review of Dodd Frank and other financial regulations. Photo: Aude Guerrucci Image 23 of 25 New sanctions on Iran - Feb. 3 The Trump ordered new sanctions on Iran after the country conducted a ballistic missile test. “The days of turning a blind eye to Iran’s hostile and belligerent actions toward the United States and the world community are over,” Michael Flynn, President Trump’s national security adviser, said in a statement. less New sanctions on Iran - Feb. 3 The Trump ordered new sanctions on Iran after the country conducted a ballistic missile test. “The days of turning a blind eye to Iran’s hostile and belligerent actions toward ... more Photo: Vahid Salemi, Associated Press Image 24 of 25 Announcement of new Intel factory in Arizona- Feb. 8 Intel CEO Brian Krzanich and President Trump announced that the company will invest $7 billion to complete an existing factory space in Arizona that has been idle for the past few years. Intel said the opening of the factory will lead to 3,000 “high-tech, high-wage jobs” and will create more than 10,000 long-term jobs in Arizona. less Announcement of new Intel factory in Arizona- Feb. 8 Intel CEO Brian Krzanich and President Trump announced that the company will invest $7 billion to complete an existing factory space in Arizona that has been ... more Photo: Chris Kleponis, Bloomberg Image 25 of 25 Documents confirm Trump still benefiting from his business 1 / 25 Back to Gallery The records provide documentary evidence of what ethics experts have been warning about since before Trump took office. While Trump has promised he will observe a separation between his business and the presidency, he retains ownership of the business and will personally benefit if the business profits from decisions made by his government. Further, the business will be run by family members who remain the most trusted members of Trump's inner circle, raising questions about whether Trump's promises to limit communication about the business' fate are realistic. "What I'm going to be doing is my two sons, who are right here, Don and Eric, are going to be running the company," Trump had said at a news conference shortly before taking office. "They are going to be running it in a very professional manner. They're not going to discuss it with me." Related Stories Trump throws Washington into state of anxious uncertainty Here are all the companies that have cut ties with the Trump family Everything we know about what Trump called the 'worst deal ever' between the US and Australia Trump's 'America First' policies are catapulting Boeing into dangerous territory (BA) Trump's most forceful executive order on immigration isn't the immigration ban On foreign policy, Trump still speaking campaign language Ivanka Trump plays big role even without White House title Less than two weeks after returning to their New York City home following their father's inauguration, Donald Trump Jr. and his brother Eric Trump, also assigned to run the business, were back in Washington this week to attend the announcement that of Trump's nominee to the Supreme Court. Trump Organization representatives did not respond for comment about the documents on Saturday. The trust also does not dissolve other potential conflicts, including his title as executive producer of the NBC competition reality show "Celebrity Apprentice." He recently made headlines for criticizing the show's new host, former California governor Arnold Schwarzenegger, at the National Prayer Breakfast. NBC representatives have not said whether Trump will be compensated for that role, or how much. But executive producers are traditionally paid, even when only retaining a passive credit. The trust document obtained by ProPublica is attached to license filings tied to Trump's Washington hotel, and it remains unclear whether other Trump businesses are governed under the same trust. The company has declined multiple requests to provide company trust agreements that could provide more clarity. In recent weeks, corporate filings have documented that the Trump Organization has been removing the president as an officer or director of the more than 400 entities registered around the country associated with the organization. The Trump Organization also provided a list, signed by Trump on the day before his inauguration, of more than 400 companies from which he had agreed to resign. Other companies have been dissolved in recent months, the company said. Those resignations provide evidence the president no longer has official management responsibilities in the businesses, as he and his lawyer pledged during a news conference last month. Still, Trump will continue to profit from their success. The company has also named Bobby Burchfield, a veteran GOP lawyer who has advised both Bush presidential teams, to serve as an outside ethics adviser, indicating that some corporate transactions would not be undertaken without his sign-off. The question of Trump's continued ownership stake has been particularly nettlesome at his Washington hotel, which is located in the Old Post Office building and is owned by the federal government. The terms of the 2013 lease agreement with the General Services Administration prohibit any elected official from benefiting from the property. It is not yet clear if placing his shares in the hotel under the control of the trust will provide sufficient legal separation to satisfy the terms of the lease. The GSA, which controls the lease, indicated on Jan. 27 that it had received new information from the Trump Organization and was "reviewing and evaluating this information to assess its compliance with the terms and conditions of the Old Post Office lease." Congressional Democrats, including Rep. Elijah E. Cummings of Maryland, have been pressing the GSA to conclude that the Trump Organization is out of compliance with the lease. "This legal concoction from President Trump's lawyers does nothing to address his conflicts of interest or the breach of the lease for his hotel," Cummings said in a statement. Latest from the SFGATE homepage: Click below for the top news from around the Bay Area and beyond. Sign up for our newsletters to be the first to learn about breaking news and more. Go to 'Sign In' and 'Manage Profile' at the top of the page. MASSIVE STORM DAMAGE Road crew employee killed on Hwy. 17 was working with son Damage to Oroville Dam spillway grows, could cost $100 million Mudslide closes I-80 near Truckee in both directions Falling debris shuts down Hwy. 17 again 3 rescued from flood waters near Truckee River Russian River is above flood stage and still rising LATEST NEWS Report: Russia could send Snowden to US as 'gift' to Trump Report: US officials confirm elements of Russia dossier on Trump Man caught on camera fleeing homicide scene arrested Draymond Green makes franchise history in Warriors rout Ex-Calif. inmate finally has sex-reassignment surgery Up to 7 vehicles involved in collision on 101 in SF Sketch released in Union City Girl Scout cookie stand robbery Office of Obama offers internships Poll: 51% of Trump voters say Bowling Green justifies travel ban White House considers rewriting Trump’s travel ban Trump travel ban kills surgeon's lifesaving trip to Iran Feds conduct sweeping immigration raids in at least 6 states Betsy DeVos asked question on Twitter. Here's what happened. Cosmetology schools sue DeVos over Obama-era rules Whole Foods closing 9 stores, 1 in Northern California Payless could close 1,000 stores Can someone gentrify the neighborhood where they grew up? Retail center promises change for neighborhood TODAY'S TOP PICKS 100-year-old woman evicted from SF home Christine Baranski offers to play Betsy DeVos on 'SNL' Despised man gets a scathing obituary SFGATE'S BEST DEALS Sponsored Save $185 to outfit your bed with this luxurious 20-piece... 62% OFF: This sleek French press coffee maker will make the... Most Popular 1 Is California overdue for biblical, catastrophic flooding?... 2 Public Policy Polling: 51 percent of Trump voters say Bowling... 3 Draymond Green makes NBA history as Warriors rout Memphis 4 Whole Foods closing 9 stores; 1 in Northern California 5 Betsy DeVos asked a question on Twitter. Here's what happened. 6 100-year-old woman evicted from SF home 7 Road crew employee killed on Highway 17 was working with son 8 Damage to Oroville Dam spillway worsens — could cost $100... 9 Gaping hole in Oroville Dam spillway is growing, officials warn 10 Mudslide closes I-80 near Truckee in both directions LATEST NEWS Report: Russia could send Snowden to US as 'gift' to Trump Report: US officials confirm elements of Russia dossier on Trump Man caught on camera fleeing homicide scene arrested Draymond Green makes franchise history in Warriors rout Ex-Calif. inmate finally has sex-reassignment surgery Up to 7 vehicles involved in collision on 101 in SF Sketch released in Union City Girl Scout cookie stand robbery Office of Obama offers internships THE CHRONICLE'S VISIONSF Inspiring Leadership with Purpose Learn about visionary Bay Area business leaders who strive to make the world a better place. View Comments © 2017 Hearst Communications, Inc. Logo Return to Top About Our Company Careers Advertising Ad Choices Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Your California Privacy Rights Contact Customer Service Newsroom Contacts Connect Sign up for Email Alerts Facebook Twitter Pinterest Google Instagram Subscribe SFChronicle.com App e-edition The Chronicle Archives Subscription Offers Store Subscriber Services Hearst Newspapers © Copyright Hearst Communications, Inc.
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy   Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Visa Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Visa Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Teradata Co. (TDC) Issues Quarterly Earnings Results Stewart Information Services Corporation (STC) Releases Earnings Results, Beats Expectations By $0.16 EPS Wedbush Analysts Lower Earnings Estimates for O’Reilly Automotive, Inc. (ORLY) Amazon.com, Inc. (AMZN) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by SunTrust Banks, Inc. Edwards Lifesciences Corporation (EW) PT Set at $120.00 by Credit Suisse Group L Brands Inc (LB) Given a $75.00 Price Target by Oppenheimer Holdings, Inc. Analysts The Blackstone Group L.P. (BX) Given a $40.00 Price Target by Credit Suisse Group Analysts Suncor Energy Inc. (SU) Shares Gap Up After Dividend Announcement Buffalo Wild Wings, Inc. (BWLD) Rating Reiterated by Robert W. Baird Analysts Set Tyson Foods, Inc. (TSN) PT at $70.72 Nationstar Mortgage Holdings Inc. (NSM) Receives $15.14 Average Price Target from Brokerages Royal Bank Of Canada (RY) Receives $86.00 Average PT from Analysts Brokerages Set Sherwin-Williams Co (SHW) PT at $328.06 Aerohive Networks, Inc. (HIVE) Scheduled to Post Quarterly Earnings on Tuesday TELUS Corporation (TU) Posts Earnings Results, Misses Expectations By $0.04 EPS Macquarie Reaffirms “Outperform” Rating for Sky Plc (SKY) Exelixis, Inc. (EXEL) Upgraded to “Buy” by Zacks Investment Research International Paper Company (IP) Downgraded by Zacks Investment Research Terra Nitrogen Company, L.P. (TNH) Plans $1.22 Quarterly Dividend ClearBridge Energy MLP Fund Inc (CEM) Announces Quarterly Dividend of $0.36 HS Management Partners LLC Sells 685,835 Shares of Visa Inc. (V) February 4th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Stacy Sanders Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet HS Management Partners LLC decreased its position in Visa Inc. (NYSE:V) by 50.2% during the third quarter, according to its most recent 13F filing with the SEC. The fund owned 680,510 shares of the credit-card processor’s stock after selling 685,835 shares during the period. Visa comprises approximately 2.3% of HS Management Partners LLC’s portfolio, making the stock its 20th largest position. HS Management Partners LLC’s holdings in Visa were worth $56,278,000 at the end of the most recent quarter. Several other hedge funds and other institutional investors have also added to or reduced their stakes in V. Ngam Advisors L.P. boosted its stake in shares of Visa by 7.4% in the second quarter. Ngam Advisors L.P. now owns 1,131,493 shares of the credit-card processor’s stock valued at $83,923,000 after buying an additional 78,447 shares during the last quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. boosted its stake in shares of Visa by 3.7% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 29,495,466 shares of the credit-card processor’s stock valued at $2,441,561,000 after buying an additional 1,061,427 shares during the last quarter. Reilly Herbert Faulkner III boosted its stake in shares of Visa by 3.5% in the third quarter. Reilly Herbert Faulkner III now owns 51,135 shares of the credit-card processor’s stock valued at $4,229,000 after buying an additional 1,736 shares during the last quarter. Loring Wolcott & Coolidge Fiduciary Advisors LLP MA boosted its stake in shares of Visa by 2.3% in the third quarter. Loring Wolcott & Coolidge Fiduciary Advisors LLP MA now owns 570,519 shares of the credit-card processor’s stock valued at $47,182,000 after buying an additional 13,014 shares during the last quarter. Finally, State Treasurer State of Michigan boosted its stake in shares of Visa by 16.9% in the third quarter. State Treasurer State of Michigan now owns 2,025,080 shares of the credit-card processor’s stock valued at $167,474,000 after buying an additional 293,400 shares during the last quarter. Institutional investors and hedge funds own 80.86% of the company’s stock. Visa Inc. (NYSE:V) traded up 4.59% during mid-day trading on Friday, reaching $86.08. 28,079,568 shares of the company’s stock were exchanged. Visa Inc. has a 12 month low of $66.12 and a 12 month high of $86.82. The stock has a 50-day moving average of $80.98 and a 200-day moving average of $80.85. The firm has a market cap of $201.43 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 34.01 and a beta of 1.00. Visa (NYSE:V) last posted its quarterly earnings data on Thursday, February 2nd. The credit-card processor reported $0.86 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, beating the Zacks’ consensus estimate of $0.78 by $0.08. The firm earned $4.46 billion during the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $4.29 billion. Visa had a net margin of 38.30% and a return on equity of 26.05%. The business’s revenue for the quarter was up 25.1% compared to the same quarter last year. During the same quarter in the previous year, the firm posted $0.69 EPS. Analysts anticipate that Visa Inc. will post $3.29 earnings per share for the current year. The company also recently declared a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Tuesday, March 7th. Stockholders of record on Friday, February 17th will be issued a dividend of $0.165 per share. This represents a $0.66 dividend on an annualized basis and a dividend yield of 0.77%. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Wednesday, February 15th. Visa’s dividend payout ratio (DPR) is presently 26.09%. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY NOTICE: This story was first posted by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are reading this story on another site, it was stolen and republished in violation of U.S. & international copyright & trademark laws. The legal version of this story can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/02/04/hs-management-partners-llc-sells-685835-shares-of-visa-inc-v.html. Several equities analysts have recently commented on V shares. Stifel Nicolaus lowered their target price on Visa from $105.00 to $93.00 and set a “buy” rating for the company in a report on Friday. Jefferies Group LLC reaffirmed a “buy” rating on shares of Visa in a report on Friday. Vetr raised Visa from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $85.82 target price for the company in a report on Thursday. Wedbush raised Visa from a “neutral” rating to an “outperform” rating and upped their target price for the company from $77.00 to $96.00 in a report on Friday, January 20th. Finally, BMO Capital Markets reissued a “top pick” rating and issued a $99.00 price objective on shares of Visa in a report on Friday, January 6th. Two research analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating, twenty-nine have given a buy rating and one has given a strong buy rating to the company’s stock. Visa presently has a consensus rating of “Buy” and a consensus price target of $93.20. In other news, President Ryan Mcinerney sold 18,500 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Tuesday, November 8th. The shares were sold at an average price of $82.92, for a total transaction of $1,534,020.00. Following the completion of the sale, the president now owns 12,548 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $1,040,480.16. The sale was disclosed in a legal filing with the SEC, which is accessible through this hyperlink. Corporate insiders own 0.14% of the company’s stock. Visa Company Profile Visa Inc (Visa) is a payments technology company that connects consumers, merchants, financial institutions, businesses, strategic partners and government entities to electronic payments. The Company operates through payment services segment. The Company enables global commerce through the transfer of value and information among the participants. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding V? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Visa Inc. (NYSE:V). Receive News & Ratings for Visa Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Visa Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Warren Receives Support After GOP Formally Silences Her Report: Trump Was Not Completely Briefed on Bannon NSC Seat Justice Department Will Challenge Stop to Travel Ban President Trump Cancels Harley-Davidson Trip Due to Possible Protests White House Appears to Pull Back on Part of Policy on Vetting © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy   Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Interactive Intelligence Group Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Interactive Intelligence Group Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Blackrock Throgmorton Trust PLC (THRG) Increases Dividend to GBX 6.25 Per Share Pattern Energy Group Inc. (PEGI) Stock Rating Lowered by Zacks Investment Research Analysts Issue Forecasts for Akamai Technologies, Inc.’s Q1 2017 Earnings (AKAM) Allergan PLC. (AGN) Forecasted to Post Q1 2017 Earnings of $3.55 Per Share AngioDynamics, Inc. (ANGO) Receives $16.63 Average Target Price from Brokerages Sanatana Resources Inc (STA) Director Peter Leighton Miles Purchases 372,000 Shares of Stock Alexander & Baldwin Holdings, Inc. (ALEX) Director Stanley M. Kuriyama Sells 4,250 Shares Nicholas Financial, Inc. (NICK) Major Shareholder Magnolia Capital Fund, Lp Purchases 19,196 Shares Brokerages Anticipate Air Methods Corporation (AIRM) to Post $0.61 Earnings Per Share Owens Corning Inc (OC) Upgraded to Hold by Zacks Investment Research Avon Products, Inc. (AVP) Forecasted to Post Q1 2017 Earnings of $0.05 Per Share Analysts Offer Predictions for Camden Property Trust’s Q1 2017 Earnings (CPT) Jefferies Group Comments on CenturyLink, Inc.’s Q1 2017 Earnings (CTL) Brokerages Set Computer Programs and Systems, Inc. (CPSI) Price Target at $34.55 Seaport Global Securities Brokers Cut Earnings Estimates for Diamond Offshore Drilling, Inc. (DO) Daniel Kerzner Sells 36,000 Shares of Alarm.com Holdings, Inc. (ALRM) Stock Elissa Fink Sells 5,000 Shares of Tableau Software, Inc. (DATA) Stock Eaton Vance Tax-Managed Global Buy-Write (ETW) to Issue $0.10 Monthly Dividend Fiserv, Inc. to Post Q1 2017 Earnings of $1.18 Per Share, SunTrust Banks Forecasts (FISV) Marriott International (MAR) Receives $83.98 Average Target Price from Brokerages Interactive Intelligence Group Inc (ININ) Stake Boosted by BlackRock Institutional Trust Company N.A. February 4th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Jeff Wilder Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet BlackRock Institutional Trust Company N.A. raised its stake in Interactive Intelligence Group Inc (NASDAQ:ININ) by 1.7% during the third quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The fund owned 463,129 shares of the company’s stock after buying an additional 7,792 shares during the period. BlackRock Institutional Trust Company N.A. owned approximately 2.08% of Interactive Intelligence Group worth $27,853,000 as of its most recent SEC filing. Other hedge funds and other institutional investors have also bought and sold shares of the company. Bank of Montreal Can acquired a new position in Interactive Intelligence Group during the second quarter valued at $6,052,000. Concourse Capital Management LLC increased its position in Interactive Intelligence Group by 183.9% in the second quarter. Concourse Capital Management LLC now owns 42,506 shares of the company’s stock valued at $1,742,000 after buying an additional 27,536 shares during the last quarter. Ameriprise Financial Inc. boosted its stake in shares of Interactive Intelligence Group by 4.1% in the second quarter. Ameriprise Financial Inc. now owns 85,386 shares of the company’s stock valued at $3,499,000 after buying an additional 3,375 shares during the period. JPMorgan Chase & Co. boosted its stake in shares of Interactive Intelligence Group by 7.7% in the second quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 42,726 shares of the company’s stock valued at $1,752,000 after buying an additional 3,053 shares during the period. Finally, Nationwide Fund Advisors boosted its stake in shares of Interactive Intelligence Group by 4.9% in the second quarter. Nationwide Fund Advisors now owns 11,798 shares of the company’s stock valued at $484,000 after buying an additional 554 shares during the period. Institutional investors and hedge funds own 83.23% of the company’s stock. Interactive Intelligence Group Inc (NASDAQ:ININ) traded up 0.08% during mid-day trading on Friday, reaching $60.50. Interactive Intelligence Group Inc has a one year low of $21.42 and a one year high of $60.77. The company’s 50 day moving average is $60.38 and its 200-day moving average is $52.92. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY NOTICE: This piece of content was first reported by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are reading this piece of content on another website, it was stolen and reposted in violation of international trademark and copyright law. The correct version of this piece of content can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/02/04/interactive-intelligence-group-inc-inin-stake-boosted-by-blackrock-institutional-trust-company-n-a.html. Separately, William Blair reaffirmed a “hold” rating on shares of Interactive Intelligence Group in a report on Sunday, December 4th. One research analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, nine have issued a hold rating and two have given a buy rating to the company. The company currently has an average rating of “Hold” and an average price target of $48.33. Interactive Intelligence Group Company Profile Interactive Intelligence Group, Inc is a provider of software and cloud services for customer engagement, communications and collaboration. The Company operates in the segment of interaction management software solutions licensing and associated services. It offers approximately three types of products, including on-premises software; a single-tenant cloud service, and a multi-tenant cloud service. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding ININ? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Interactive Intelligence Group Inc (NASDAQ:ININ). Receive News & Ratings for Interactive Intelligence Group Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Interactive Intelligence Group Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News White House Announces Conway Was Counseled Warren Receives Support After GOP Formally Silences Her Report: Trump Was Not Completely Briefed on Bannon NSC Seat Justice Department Will Challenge Stop to Travel Ban President Trump Cancels Harley-Davidson Trip Due to Possible Protests © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact US Privacy Policy Staff Daily Email Updates Headlines Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Investing Press Ganey Holdings Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Press Ganey Holdings Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Recent Posts UBS Group AG Has $4,439,000 Position in National Oilwell Varco, Inc. (NOV) 5,507 Shares in Avnet, Inc. (AVT) Acquired by Analytic Investors LLC Analytic Investors LLC Invests $216,000 in People’s Utah Bancorp (PUB) Analytic Investors LLC Continues to Hold Stake in American Software, Inc. (AMSWA) 63,770 Shares in Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. (WMT) Acquired by Virtus Investment Advisers Inc. The Manufacturers Life Insurance Company Acquires New Stake in Integer Holdings Co. (ITGR) The Manufacturers Life Insurance Company Acquires New Position in Internationa Flavors & Fragrances, Inc. (IFF) The Manufacturers Life Insurance Company Takes Position in Cimarex Energy Co (XEC) Ontario Teachers Pension Plan Board Reduces Position in QUALCOMM Incorporated (QCOM) Lazard Asset Management LLC Continues to Hold Stake in W.P. Carey Inc. (WPC) Avery Dennison Corporation (AVY) Stake Increased by Lazard Asset Management LLC Oracle Corporation (ORCL) Stake Increased by Samlyn Capital LLC Altria Group (MO) Position Decreased by Carnegie Capital Asset Management LLC HBK Investments L P Buys New Position in American Water Works (AWK) Intersil Corporation (ISIL) Shares Sold by HBK Investments L P Callidus Software, Inc. (CALD) Shares Sold by HBK Investments L P HBK Investments L P Cuts Position in Capital Senior Living Corporation (CSU) Waldron LP Has $388,000 Stake in Intel Corporation (INTC) HM Payson & Co. Boosts Stake in Amgen Inc. (AMGN) Intel Corporation (INTC) Shares Sold by HM Payson & Co. TIAA CREF Investment Management LLC Acquires 24,538 Shares of Press Ganey Holdings Inc (PGND) Posted by Dave Schultz on Feb 4th, 2017 // No Comments Tweet TIAA CREF Investment Management LLC raised its stake in shares of Press Ganey Holdings Inc (NYSE:PGND) by 28.8% during the third quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The fund owned 109,789 shares of the company’s stock after buying an additional 24,538 shares during the period. TIAA CREF Investment Management LLC’s holdings in Press Ganey Holdings were worth $4,435,000 as of its most recent filing with the SEC. A number of other institutional investors have also made changes to their positions in the stock. JPMorgan Chase & Co. raised its stake in Press Ganey Holdings by 238.8% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 537,480 shares of the company’s stock valued at $21,714,000 after buying an additional 378,823 shares during the period. Columbus Circle Investors purchased a new stake in Press Ganey Holdings during the second quarter valued at approximately $11,910,000. BlackRock Fund Advisors raised its stake in Press Ganey Holdings by 112.4% in the second quarter. BlackRock Fund Advisors now owns 525,577 shares of the company’s stock valued at $20,681,000 after buying an additional 278,116 shares during the period. Lord Abbett & CO. LLC raised its stake in Press Ganey Holdings by 20.4% in the second quarter. Lord Abbett & CO. LLC now owns 1,582,671 shares of the company’s stock valued at $62,278,000 after buying an additional 267,868 shares during the period. Finally, Vanguard Group Inc. raised its stake in Press Ganey Holdings by 18.0% in the second quarter. Vanguard Group Inc. now owns 1,382,818 shares of the company’s stock valued at $54,413,000 after buying an additional 210,643 shares during the period. 91.85% of the stock is currently owned by institutional investors and hedge funds. Press Ganey Holdings Inc (NYSE:PGND) opened at 40.50 on Friday. Press Ganey Holdings Inc has a 1-year low of $23.68 and a 1-year high of $42.09. The company has a 50-day moving average of $40.50 and a 200-day moving average of $40.44. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION NOTICE: “TIAA CREF Investment Management LLC Acquires 24,538 Shares of Press Ganey Holdings Inc (PGND)” was first posted by Web Breaking News and is the property of of Web Breaking News. If you are viewing this report on another domain, it was illegally stolen and republished in violation of U.S. & international copyright & trademark laws. The original version of this report can be read at http://www.webbreakingnews.com/2017/02/04/tiaa-cref-investment-management-llc-acquires-24538-shares-of-press-ganey-holdings-inc-pgnd.html. Separately, Zacks Investment Research upgraded shares of Press Ganey Holdings from a “sell” rating to a “hold” rating in a research note on Wednesday, October 12th. Ten analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and one has given a buy rating to the company’s stock. The stock has a consensus rating of “Hold” and a consensus price target of $41.42. Press Ganey Holdings Company Profile Press Ganey Holdings, Inc is a provider of patient experience and caregiver measurement, performance analytics and strategic advisory solutions for healthcare organizations. The Company provides its clients with a digital platform that captures the perspectives of patients, physicians, nurses and other healthcare employees and enables its clients to benchmark, analyze and manage the patient and caregiver experience. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding PGND? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Press Ganey Holdings Inc (NYSE:PGND). Receive News & Ratings for Press Ganey Holdings Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Press Ganey Holdings Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter. « Previous TIAA CREF Investment Management LLC Increases Position in International Speedway Corporation (ISCA) Next » Theravance Biopharma, Inc. (TBPH) Shares Sold by TIAA CREF Investment Management LLC Latest News Nike Suspends Relationship with Maria Sharapova Rob Bironas Ex-Titans Kicker Dies in Car Crash Ron Washington Leaves Texas Rangers Due to an Affair Jonathan Dwyer Falls in Line with Other Banned NFL Players Tony Stewart Case Going to the Grand Jury Oscar Pistorius “Blade Runner” Found Not Guilty of Murder Leave a Reply Click here to cancel reply. Name (Required) Mail (will not be published) (Required) Website   Home Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Headlines Investing © 2006-2017 Web Breaking News.
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy   Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Travelport Worldwide Limited - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Travelport Worldwide Limited with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Blackrock Throgmorton Trust PLC (THRG) Increases Dividend to GBX 6.25 Per Share Pattern Energy Group Inc. (PEGI) Stock Rating Lowered by Zacks Investment Research Analysts Issue Forecasts for Akamai Technologies, Inc.’s Q1 2017 Earnings (AKAM) Allergan PLC. (AGN) Forecasted to Post Q1 2017 Earnings of $3.55 Per Share AngioDynamics, Inc. (ANGO) Receives $16.63 Average Target Price from Brokerages Sanatana Resources Inc (STA) Director Peter Leighton Miles Purchases 372,000 Shares of Stock Alexander & Baldwin Holdings, Inc. (ALEX) Director Stanley M. Kuriyama Sells 4,250 Shares Nicholas Financial, Inc. (NICK) Major Shareholder Magnolia Capital Fund, Lp Purchases 19,196 Shares Brokerages Anticipate Air Methods Corporation (AIRM) to Post $0.61 Earnings Per Share Owens Corning Inc (OC) Upgraded to Hold by Zacks Investment Research Avon Products, Inc. (AVP) Forecasted to Post Q1 2017 Earnings of $0.05 Per Share Analysts Offer Predictions for Camden Property Trust’s Q1 2017 Earnings (CPT) Jefferies Group Comments on CenturyLink, Inc.’s Q1 2017 Earnings (CTL) Brokerages Set Computer Programs and Systems, Inc. (CPSI) Price Target at $34.55 Seaport Global Securities Brokers Cut Earnings Estimates for Diamond Offshore Drilling, Inc. (DO) Daniel Kerzner Sells 36,000 Shares of Alarm.com Holdings, Inc. (ALRM) Stock Elissa Fink Sells 5,000 Shares of Tableau Software, Inc. (DATA) Stock Eaton Vance Tax-Managed Global Buy-Write (ETW) to Issue $0.10 Monthly Dividend Fiserv, Inc. to Post Q1 2017 Earnings of $1.18 Per Share, SunTrust Banks Forecasts (FISV) Marriott International (MAR) Receives $83.98 Average Target Price from Brokerages New York State Common Retirement Fund Has $1,743,000 Stake in Travelport Worldwide Limited (TVPT) February 4th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Latisha Jones Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet New York State Common Retirement Fund reduced its position in Travelport Worldwide Limited (NYSE:TVPT) by 2.9% during the third quarter, according to its most recent 13F filing with the SEC. The fund owned 116,000 shares of the company’s stock after selling 3,407 shares during the period. New York State Common Retirement Fund owned 0.09% of Travelport Worldwide Limited worth $1,743,000 as of its most recent filing with the SEC. Other institutional investors have also modified their holdings of the company. Vanguard Group Inc. raised its stake in shares of Travelport Worldwide Limited by 29.5% in the second quarter. Vanguard Group Inc. now owns 3,805,481 shares of the company’s stock worth $49,053,000 after buying an additional 867,628 shares during the period. Dimensional Fund Advisors LP raised its stake in shares of Travelport Worldwide Limited by 126.4% in the second quarter. Dimensional Fund Advisors LP now owns 1,134,819 shares of the company’s stock worth $14,627,000 after buying an additional 633,514 shares during the period. Fiera Capital Corp purchased a new stake in shares of Travelport Worldwide Limited during the second quarter worth about $7,682,000. JPMorgan Chase & Co. raised its stake in shares of Travelport Worldwide Limited by 64.9% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 1,045,356 shares of the company’s stock worth $15,712,000 after buying an additional 411,493 shares during the period. Finally, Panagora Asset Management Inc. raised its stake in shares of Travelport Worldwide Limited by 41.0% in the second quarter. Panagora Asset Management Inc. now owns 979,655 shares of the company’s stock worth $12,628,000 after buying an additional 285,044 shares during the period. Institutional investors own 90.35% of the company’s stock. Shares of Travelport Worldwide Limited (NYSE:TVPT) opened at 14.30 on Friday. The company has a market cap of $1.77 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 65.00 and a beta of 0.71. The stock’s 50 day moving average is $14.26 and its 200-day moving average is $13.96. Travelport Worldwide Limited has a 52 week low of $8.50 and a 52 week high of $15.15. TRADEMARK VIOLATION WARNING: “New York State Common Retirement Fund Has $1,743,000 Stake in Travelport Worldwide Limited (TVPT)” was posted by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are accessing this story on another website, it was stolen and republished in violation of international trademark & copyright law. The legal version of this story can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/02/04/new-york-state-common-retirement-fund-has-1743000-stake-in-travelport-worldwide-limited-tvpt.html. Separately, Morgan Stanley lowered shares of Travelport Worldwide Limited from an “overweight” rating to an “equal weight” rating and set a $15.50 price target on the stock. in a report on Monday, January 23rd. Two analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and three have issued a buy rating to the company’s stock. The stock currently has an average rating of “Buy” and a consensus price target of $15.13. About Travelport Worldwide Limited Travelport Worldwide Limited provides a travel commerce platform, which offers distribution, technology, payment and other solutions for travel and tourism industry. The Company connects travel providers, such as airlines and hotel chains with online and offline travel agencies and other travel buyers in its business-to-business (B2B) travel commerce platform. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding TVPT? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Travelport Worldwide Limited (NYSE:TVPT). Receive News & Ratings for Travelport Worldwide Limited Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Travelport Worldwide Limited and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News White House Announces Conway Was Counseled Warren Receives Support After GOP Formally Silences Her Report: Trump Was Not Completely Briefed on Bannon NSC Seat Justice Department Will Challenge Stop to Travel Ban President Trump Cancels Harley-Davidson Trip Due to Possible Protests © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy   Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance U S Concrete Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for U S Concrete Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Van ECK Associates Corp Boosts Position in Core Laboratories N.V. (CLB) Netols Asset Management Inc. Sells 4,730 Shares of CIRCOR International, Inc. (CIR) Netols Asset Management Inc. Has $5,253,000 Position in U.S. Physical Therapy, Inc. (USPH) Alethea Capital Management LLC Invests $2,055,000 in Garmin Ltd. (GRMN) Spectrum Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (SPPI) Stake Maintained by Alethea Capital Management LLC 2,230 Shares in Lear Corporation (LEA) Acquired by Abbrea Capital LLC Orbotech Ltd. (ORBK) Stake Cut by Analyst IMS Investment Management Services Ltd. Western Union Company (The) (WU) Shares Gap Down After Analyst Downgrade Van ECK Associates Corp Sells 193,049 Shares of CF Industries Holdings, Inc. (CF) Van ECK Associates Corp Has $74,791,000 Stake in First Majestic Silver Corp. (AG) Van ECK Associates Corp Has $63,447,000 Stake in Green Plains, Inc. (GPRE) Van ECK Associates Corp Has $750,610,000 Position in Goldcorp Inc. (GG) Jones Energy, Inc. (JONE) Shares Bought by Raymond James Financial Services Advisors Inc. Raymond James Financial Services Advisors Inc. Has $5,969,000 Stake in Hormel Foods Corporation (HRL) Raymond James Financial Services Advisors Inc. Boosts Stake in United Rentals, Inc. (URI) Knoll, Inc. (KNL) Posts Quarterly Earnings Results, Hits Expectations Knoll, Inc. (KNL) Posts Quarterly Earnings Results, Hits Expectations Chipotle Mexican Grill, Inc. (CMG) Stake Lowered by Cleararc Capital Inc. State Street Corp Purchases 2,889,830 Shares of Freeport-McMoran, Inc. (FCX) Cabot Oil & Gas Corporation (COG) Shares Bought by State Street Corp BlackRock Investment Management LLC Raises Stake in U S Concrete, Inc. (USCR) February 4th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Tyrone Williams Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet BlackRock Investment Management LLC boosted its position in U S Concrete, Inc. (NASDAQ:USCR) by 0.3% during the third quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The institutional investor owned 59,724 shares of the company’s stock after buying an additional 208 shares during the period. BlackRock Investment Management LLC owned approximately 0.40% of U S Concrete worth $2,751,000 as of its most recent SEC filing. A number of other large investors also recently made changes to their positions in USCR. BlackRock Advisors LLC boosted its stake in shares of U S Concrete by 7.6% in the third quarter. BlackRock Advisors LLC now owns 7,439 shares of the company’s stock worth $343,000 after buying an additional 526 shares during the last quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. boosted its stake in shares of U S Concrete by 2.3% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 9,075 shares of the company’s stock worth $418,000 after buying an additional 202 shares during the last quarter. Sei Investments Co. boosted its stake in shares of U S Concrete by 0.8% in the third quarter. Sei Investments Co. now owns 48,060 shares of the company’s stock worth $2,214,000 after buying an additional 362 shares during the last quarter. Investment Counselors of Maryland LLC boosted its stake in shares of U S Concrete by 25.0% in the third quarter. Investment Counselors of Maryland LLC now owns 300,970 shares of the company’s stock worth $13,864,000 after buying an additional 60,120 shares during the last quarter. Finally, Arizona State Retirement System boosted its stake in shares of U S Concrete by 1.4% in the third quarter. Arizona State Retirement System now owns 7,300 shares of the company’s stock worth $336,000 after buying an additional 100 shares during the last quarter. Shares of U S Concrete, Inc. (NASDAQ:USCR) opened at 66.15 on Friday. U S Concrete, Inc. has a 52-week low of $42.82 and a 52-week high of $70.40. The company has a market capitalization of $1.01 billion, a PE ratio of 54.00 and a beta of 1.19. The stock has a 50 day moving average price of $64.43 and a 200 day moving average price of $56.78. TRADEMARK VIOLATION NOTICE: This story was first reported by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are viewing this story on another website, it was illegally copied and reposted in violation of U.S. & international trademark & copyright legislation. The correct version of this story can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/02/04/blackrock-investment-management-llc-raises-stake-in-u-s-concrete-inc-uscr.html. Separately, Zacks Investment Research raised U S Concrete from a “strong sell” rating to a “hold” rating in a research report on Friday, January 6th. One investment analyst has rated the stock with a hold rating and six have given a buy rating to the company’s stock. The company has a consensus rating of “Buy” and an average target price of $79.40. In other U S Concrete news, VP Jeff L. Davis sold 6,000 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Wednesday, December 21st. The stock was sold at an average price of $66.27, for a total transaction of $397,620.00. Following the transaction, the vice president now owns 23,130 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $1,532,825.10. The transaction was disclosed in a legal filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which can be accessed through the SEC website. Also, CEO William J. Sandbrook sold 6,500 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Wednesday, January 25th. The stock was sold at an average price of $68.44, for a total value of $444,860.00. Following the transaction, the chief executive officer now directly owns 469,853 shares in the company, valued at approximately $32,156,739.32. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Insiders have sold a total of 25,900 shares of company stock worth $1,687,740 in the last ninety days. Insiders own 6.90% of the company’s stock. U S Concrete Company Profile U.S. Concrete, Inc is a producer of ready-mixed concrete in a range of geographic markets in the United States. The Company conducts its operations through two segments. The ready-mixed concrete segment engages principally in the formulation, production and delivery of ready-mixed concrete to its customers’ job sites. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding USCR? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for U S Concrete, Inc. (NASDAQ:USCR). Receive News & Ratings for U S Concrete Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for U S Concrete Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News White House Announces Conway Was Counseled Warren Receives Support After GOP Formally Silences Her Report: Trump Was Not Completely Briefed on Bannon NSC Seat Justice Department Will Challenge Stop to Travel Ban President Trump Cancels Harley-Davidson Trip Due to Possible Protests © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact US Privacy Policy Staff Daily Email Updates Headlines Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Investing OSI Systems Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for OSI Systems Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Recent Posts OraSure Technologies, Inc. (OSUR) Lifted to Strong-Buy at Zacks Investment Research Zacks Investment Research Lowers Orion Energy Systems, Inc. (OESX) to Hold Tenneco Inc. (TEN) to Post Q1 2017 Earnings of $1.38 Per Share, Northcoast Research Forecasts Barrington Research Comments on Snap-On Incorporated’s Q1 2017 Earnings (SNA) Equities Analysts Offer Predictions for Sanderson Farms, Inc.’s Q1 2017 Earnings (SAFM) UK Commercial Property Trust Limited Plans Dividend of GBX 0.92 (UKCM) Zacks: ICU Medical, Inc. (ICUI) Given Average Rating of “Buy” by Analysts News Corporation (NWSA) Receives $16.00 Consensus Price Target from Brokerages Generac Holdlings Inc. (GNRC) Receives $40.50 Consensus Price Target from Analysts Financial Engines, Inc. (FNGN) EVP Christopher L. Jones Sells 6,667 Shares Eaton Vance Tax-Advantaged Global Divide (ETO) To Go Ex-Dividend on February 16th Eaton Vance Tax-Managed Global Dive Eq (EXG) To Go Ex-Dividend on February 16th Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd. (RCL) Receives $95.82 Average Target Price from Analysts Q1 2017 Earnings Forecast for Corrections Corp. of America Issued By SunTrust Banks (CXW) Michael Rapino Sells 210,000 Shares of Live Nation Entertainment, Inc. (LYV) Stock Model N, Inc. (MODN) Raised to Buy at Zacks Investment Research Masco Corporation Forecasted to Earn Q1 2017 Earnings of $0.36 Per Share (MAS) Equities Analysts Issue Forecasts for Kilroy Realty Corporation’s Q1 2017 Earnings (KRC) Q1 2017 EPS Estimates for Humana Inc. (HUM) Decreased by Analyst Ring Energy (REI) Receives $15.90 Average Price Target from Analysts OSI Systems, Inc. (OSIS) Shares Sold by BlackRock Advisors LLC Posted by William Strong on Feb 4th, 2017 // No Comments Tweet BlackRock Advisors LLC cut its stake in OSI Systems, Inc. (NASDAQ:OSIS) by 92.9% during the third quarter, according to its most recent Form 13F filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). The institutional investor owned 11,660 shares of the company’s stock after selling 153,451 shares during the period. BlackRock Advisors LLC owned about 0.06% of OSI Systems worth $763,000 as of its most recent SEC filing. Other hedge funds have also recently modified their holdings of the company. American Century Companies Inc. purchased a new stake in shares of OSI Systems during the second quarter valued at approximately $13,143,000. Aberdeen Asset Management PLC UK raised its stake in shares of OSI Systems by 81.2% in the second quarter. Aberdeen Asset Management PLC UK now owns 308,149 shares of the company’s stock valued at $17,912,000 after buying an additional 138,060 shares during the last quarter. Neuberger Berman Group LLC raised its stake in shares of OSI Systems by 12.3% in the second quarter. Neuberger Berman Group LLC now owns 325,405 shares of the company’s stock valued at $18,915,000 after buying an additional 35,633 shares during the last quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. raised its stake in shares of OSI Systems by 156.0% in the second quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 34,813 shares of the company’s stock valued at $2,023,000 after buying an additional 21,214 shares during the last quarter. Finally, Teacher Retirement System of Texas raised its stake in shares of OSI Systems by 13.9% in the second quarter. Teacher Retirement System of Texas now owns 2,629 shares of the company’s stock valued at $153,000 after buying an additional 321 shares during the last quarter. 95.75% of the stock is owned by institutional investors. OSI Systems, Inc. (NASDAQ:OSIS) opened at 75.06 on Friday. OSI Systems, Inc. has a 12 month low of $48.76 and a 12 month high of $81.55. The stock has a 50 day moving average price of $74.75 and a 200 day moving average price of $69.34. The stock has a market capitalization of $1.48 billion, a P/E ratio of 71.08 and a beta of 0.77. OSI Systems (NASDAQ:OSIS) last issued its quarterly earnings data on Thursday, January 26th. The company reported $0.68 EPS for the quarter, beating the consensus estimate of $0.61 by $0.07. OSI Systems had a return on equity of 8.41% and a net margin of 2.32%. The firm earned $242.55 million during the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $232.98 million. During the same quarter in the prior year, the business posted $0.42 EPS. The business’s revenue for the quarter was up 22.9% compared to the same quarter last year. Equities analysts predict that OSI Systems, Inc. will post $2.87 EPS for the current fiscal year. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION NOTICE: This piece was originally reported by Web Breaking News and is the sole property of of Web Breaking News. If you are reading this piece on another domain, it was illegally stolen and reposted in violation of US and international copyright and trademark law. The correct version of this piece can be accessed at http://www.webbreakingnews.com/2017/02/04/osi-systems-inc-osis-shares-sold-by-blackrock-advisors-llc.html. Several equities analysts recently weighed in on OSIS shares. Zacks Investment Research downgraded OSI Systems from a “strong-buy” rating to a “hold” rating in a research report on Wednesday, October 19th. B. Riley reiterated a “buy” rating and set a $72.00 target price on shares of OSI Systems in a research report on Monday, October 24th. Finally, Drexel Hamilton started coverage on OSI Systems in a research report on Wednesday, November 16th. They set a “buy” rating and a $90.00 target price on the stock. Six analysts have rated the stock with a buy rating and one has assigned a strong buy rating to the stock. The company has a consensus rating of “Buy” and a consensus target price of $79.50. In related news, insider Ajay Mehra sold 36,019 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction on Monday, December 12th. The stock was sold at an average price of $77.07, for a total value of $2,775,984.33. Following the transaction, the insider now directly owns 114,592 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $8,831,605.44. The transaction was disclosed in a legal filing with the SEC, which is available through this hyperlink. Also, insider Manoocher M. Aliabadi sold 3,538 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction on Thursday, December 22nd. The shares were sold at an average price of $75.47, for a total value of $267,012.86. Following the completion of the transaction, the insider now directly owns 55,173 shares in the company, valued at $4,163,906.31. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Over the last three months, insiders sold 134,576 shares of company stock worth $10,285,613. 7.50% of the stock is owned by insiders. OSI Systems Company Profile OSI Systems, Inc, through its subsidiaries, is a vertically integrated designer and manufacturer of specialized electronic systems and components for critical applications. The Company sells its products and provides related services in diversified markets, including homeland security, healthcare, defense and aerospace. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding OSIS? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for OSI Systems, Inc. (NASDAQ:OSIS). Receive News & Ratings for OSI Systems Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for OSI Systems Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter. « Previous Select Medical Holdings Corporation (SEM) Stake Boosted by BlackRock Advisors LLC Next » WINTON GROUP Ltd Has $44,175,000 Position in Coca-Cola Company (The) (KO) Latest News Nike Suspends Relationship with Maria Sharapova Rob Bironas Ex-Titans Kicker Dies in Car Crash Ron Washington Leaves Texas Rangers Due to an Affair Jonathan Dwyer Falls in Line with Other Banned NFL Players Tony Stewart Case Going to the Grand Jury Oscar Pistorius “Blade Runner” Found Not Guilty of Murder Leave a Reply Click here to cancel reply. Name (Required) Mail (will not be published) (Required) Website   Home Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Headlines Investing © 2006-2017 Web Breaking News.
Home About/Contact US Privacy Policy Staff Daily Email Updates Headlines Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Investing Constellation Brands Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Constellation Brands Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Recent Posts Lazard Asset Management LLC Continues to Hold Stake in W.P. Carey Inc. (WPC) Avery Dennison Corporation (AVY) Stake Increased by Lazard Asset Management LLC Oracle Corporation (ORCL) Stake Increased by Samlyn Capital LLC Altria Group (MO) Position Decreased by Carnegie Capital Asset Management LLC HBK Investments L P Buys New Position in American Water Works (AWK) Intersil Corporation (ISIL) Shares Sold by HBK Investments L P Callidus Software, Inc. (CALD) Shares Sold by HBK Investments L P HBK Investments L P Cuts Position in Capital Senior Living Corporation (CSU) Waldron LP Has $388,000 Stake in Intel Corporation (INTC) HM Payson & Co. Boosts Stake in Amgen Inc. (AMGN) Intel Corporation (INTC) Shares Sold by HM Payson & Co. Godshalk Welsh Capital Management Inc. Has $1,573,000 Position in Verizon Communications Inc. (VZ) Johnson Investment Counsel Inc. Acquires 27,933 Shares of CVS Health Corporation (CVS) Johnson Investment Counsel Inc. Lowers Stake in Philip Morris International Inc (PM) Johnson Investment Counsel Inc. Boosts Stake in Amazon.com, Inc. (AMZN) Advantus Capital Management Inc Has $523,000 Stake in Old Republic International Corporation (ORI) McDonald’s Corporation (MCD) Stake Decreased by Advantus Capital Management Inc Schlumberger N.V. (SLB) Stake Raised by Advantus Capital Management Inc Two Sigma Securities LLC Has $403,000 Stake in Pepsico, Inc. (PEP) Two Sigma Securities LLC Has $961,000 Stake in Schlumberger N.V. (SLB) Oak Ridge Investments LLC Has $4,044,000 Position in Constellation Brands Inc (STZ) Posted by William Strong on Feb 4th, 2017 // No Comments Tweet Oak Ridge Investments LLC reduced its position in Constellation Brands Inc (NYSE:STZ) by 2.7% during the third quarter, according to its most recent 13F filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission. The institutional investor owned 24,287 shares of the company’s stock after selling 677 shares during the period. Oak Ridge Investments LLC’s holdings in Constellation Brands were worth $4,044,000 at the end of the most recent quarter. Other hedge funds and other institutional investors have also bought and sold shares of the company. Egerton Capital UK LLP acquired a new position in Constellation Brands during the second quarter worth about $305,544,000. Lone Pine Capital LLC increased its stake in shares of Constellation Brands by 13.1% in the second quarter. Lone Pine Capital LLC now owns 6,666,012 shares of the company’s stock valued at $1,102,558,000 after buying an additional 769,791 shares in the last quarter. Eminence Capital LP purchased a new stake in shares of Constellation Brands during the second quarter valued at $61,779,000. JPMorgan Chase & Co. increased its stake in shares of Constellation Brands by 7.7% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 4,100,732 shares of the company’s stock valued at $683,228,000 after buying an additional 292,181 shares in the last quarter. Finally, Third Point LLC increased its stake in shares of Constellation Brands by 13.3% in the second quarter. Third Point LLC now owns 2,000,000 shares of the company’s stock valued at $330,800,000 after buying an additional 235,000 shares in the last quarter. Institutional investors own 76.12% of the company’s stock. Constellation Brands Inc (NYSE:STZ) opened at 149.07 on Friday. The stock has a market capitalization of $29.23 billion, a P/E ratio of 23.07 and a beta of 0.52. Constellation Brands Inc has a 52-week low of $130.23 and a 52-week high of $173.55. The stock has a 50 day moving average of $151.18 and a 200 day moving average of $159.81. Constellation Brands (NYSE:STZ) last issued its quarterly earnings results on Thursday, January 5th. The company reported $1.96 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, topping the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of $1.72 by $0.24. The business had revenue of $1.81 billion for the quarter. Constellation Brands had a net margin of 16.65% and a return on equity of 19.07%. The firm’s quarterly revenue was up 10.4% on a year-over-year basis. During the same quarter last year, the company earned $1.42 EPS. On average, equities research analysts forecast that Constellation Brands Inc will post $6.65 EPS for the current year. The business also recently declared a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Thursday, February 23rd. Investors of record on Monday, January 9th will be given a dividend of $0.40 per share. The ex-dividend date is Tuesday, February 7th. This represents a $1.60 annualized dividend and a yield of 1.07%. Constellation Brands’s dividend payout ratio (DPR) is 24.73%. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION WARNING: This news story was originally reported by Web Breaking News and is owned by of Web Breaking News. If you are reading this news story on another domain, it was stolen and republished in violation of US and international trademark and copyright laws. The correct version of this news story can be read at http://www.webbreakingnews.com/2017/02/04/oak-ridge-investments-llc-has-4044000-position-in-constellation-brands-inc-stz.html. Several brokerages recently weighed in on STZ. RBC Capital Markets set a $183.00 price objective on shares of Constellation Brands and gave the company a “buy” rating in a research report on Tuesday, January 3rd. Zacks Investment Research downgraded shares of Constellation Brands from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating in a research report on Wednesday, November 16th. Stifel Nicolaus reiterated a “buy” rating and issued a $189.00 price objective on shares of Constellation Brands in a research report on Sunday, January 8th. Goldman Sachs Group, Inc. (The) reiterated an “overweight” rating and issued a $189.00 price objective (up from $187.00) on shares of Constellation Brands in a research report on Sunday, January 8th. Finally, HSBC Holdings plc upgraded shares of Constellation Brands from a “reduce” rating to a “hold” rating and lifted their price objective for the company from $132.00 to $153.00 in a research report on Wednesday. Six investment analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and thirteen have given a buy rating to the company’s stock. The stock presently has a consensus rating of “Buy” and an average target price of $178.04. In related news, VP F Paul Hetterich purchased 752 shares of Constellation Brands stock in a transaction that occurred on Friday, January 13th. The shares were acquired at an average price of $148.62 per share, for a total transaction of $111,762.24. The transaction was disclosed in a filing with the SEC, which can be accessed through this link. 10.63% of the stock is owned by corporate insiders. About Constellation Brands Constellation Brands, Inc is an international beverage alcohol company. The Company is a producer and marketer of beer, wine and spirits with operations in the United States, Canada, Mexico, New Zealand and Italy. Its segments include Beer, Wine and Spirits, and Corporate Operations and Other. It is a multi-category supplier (beer, wine and spirits) of beverage alcohol in the United States. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding STZ? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Constellation Brands Inc (NYSE:STZ). Receive News & Ratings for Constellation Brands Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Constellation Brands Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter. « Previous Aflac Incorporated (AFL) Position Boosted by Lbmc Investment Advisors LLC Next » Marshall Mohr Sells 2,000 Shares of Intuitive Surgical, Inc. (ISRG) Stock Latest News Nike Suspends Relationship with Maria Sharapova Rob Bironas Ex-Titans Kicker Dies in Car Crash Ron Washington Leaves Texas Rangers Due to an Affair Jonathan Dwyer Falls in Line with Other Banned NFL Players Tony Stewart Case Going to the Grand Jury Oscar Pistorius “Blade Runner” Found Not Guilty of Murder Leave a Reply Click here to cancel reply. Name (Required) Mail (will not be published) (Required) Website   Home Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Headlines Investing © 2006-2017 Web Breaking News.
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy   Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Ericsson - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Ericsson with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Blackrock Throgmorton Trust PLC (THRG) Increases Dividend to GBX 6.25 Per Share Pattern Energy Group Inc. (PEGI) Stock Rating Lowered by Zacks Investment Research Analysts Issue Forecasts for Akamai Technologies, Inc.’s Q1 2017 Earnings (AKAM) Allergan PLC. (AGN) Forecasted to Post Q1 2017 Earnings of $3.55 Per Share AngioDynamics, Inc. (ANGO) Receives $16.63 Average Target Price from Brokerages Sanatana Resources Inc (STA) Director Peter Leighton Miles Purchases 372,000 Shares of Stock Alexander & Baldwin Holdings, Inc. (ALEX) Director Stanley M. Kuriyama Sells 4,250 Shares Nicholas Financial, Inc. (NICK) Major Shareholder Magnolia Capital Fund, Lp Purchases 19,196 Shares Brokerages Anticipate Air Methods Corporation (AIRM) to Post $0.61 Earnings Per Share Owens Corning Inc (OC) Upgraded to Hold by Zacks Investment Research Avon Products, Inc. (AVP) Forecasted to Post Q1 2017 Earnings of $0.05 Per Share Analysts Offer Predictions for Camden Property Trust’s Q1 2017 Earnings (CPT) Jefferies Group Comments on CenturyLink, Inc.’s Q1 2017 Earnings (CTL) Brokerages Set Computer Programs and Systems, Inc. (CPSI) Price Target at $34.55 Seaport Global Securities Brokers Cut Earnings Estimates for Diamond Offshore Drilling, Inc. (DO) Daniel Kerzner Sells 36,000 Shares of Alarm.com Holdings, Inc. (ALRM) Stock Elissa Fink Sells 5,000 Shares of Tableau Software, Inc. (DATA) Stock Eaton Vance Tax-Managed Global Buy-Write (ETW) to Issue $0.10 Monthly Dividend Fiserv, Inc. to Post Q1 2017 Earnings of $1.18 Per Share, SunTrust Banks Forecasts (FISV) Marriott International (MAR) Receives $83.98 Average Target Price from Brokerages Intrust Bank NA Sells 6,966 Shares of Ericsson (ERIC) February 4th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Tyrone Williams Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Intrust Bank NA cut its position in Ericsson (NASDAQ:ERIC) by 6.9% during the third quarter, according to its most recent Form 13F filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission. The fund owned 94,346 shares of the company’s stock after selling 6,966 shares during the period. Intrust Bank NA’s holdings in Ericsson were worth $680,000 as of its most recent filing with the SEC. Several other hedge funds also recently modified their holdings of the company. Freestone Capital Holdings LLC increased its stake in shares of Ericsson by 36.7% in the second quarter. Freestone Capital Holdings LLC now owns 488,469 shares of the company’s stock worth $3,751,000 after buying an additional 131,233 shares during the period. US Bancorp DE increased its stake in shares of Ericsson by 32.9% in the second quarter. US Bancorp DE now owns 238,533 shares of the company’s stock worth $1,832,000 after buying an additional 59,078 shares during the period. Dimensional Fund Advisors LP increased its stake in shares of Ericsson by 1.4% in the second quarter. Dimensional Fund Advisors LP now owns 1,794,792 shares of the company’s stock worth $13,784,000 after buying an additional 25,367 shares during the period. Brandes Investment Partners LP increased its stake in shares of Ericsson by 32.6% in the second quarter. Brandes Investment Partners LP now owns 10,329,065 shares of the company’s stock worth $79,327,000 after buying an additional 2,541,781 shares during the period. Finally, JPMorgan Chase & Co. increased its stake in shares of Ericsson by 282.3% in the second quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 422,932 shares of the company’s stock worth $3,249,000 after buying an additional 312,304 shares during the period. 8.17% of the stock is owned by institutional investors and hedge funds. Shares of Ericsson (NASDAQ:ERIC) opened at 5.80 on Friday. The stock’s 50 day moving average price is $5.86 and its 200 day moving average price is $6.21. Ericsson has a 12 month low of $4.83 and a 12 month high of $10.20. The firm has a market cap of $18.96 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 98.31 and a beta of 1.20. Ericsson (NASDAQ:ERIC) last released its earnings results on Thursday, January 26th. The company reported $0.07 EPS for the quarter, meeting the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of $0.07. The firm earned $65.20 billion during the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $6.77 billion. Ericsson had a return on equity of 6.20% and a net margin of 0.85%. The business’s quarterly revenue was down 11.4% compared to the same quarter last year. During the same period in the prior year, the firm posted $2.50 earnings per share. Equities research analysts predict that Ericsson will post $0.32 earnings per share for the current fiscal year. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION WARNING: This piece of content was published by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are viewing this piece of content on another site, it was stolen and republished in violation of U.S. and international copyright and trademark law. The correct version of this piece of content can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/02/04/intrust-bank-na-sells-6966-shares-of-ericsson-eric.html. A number of brokerages have issued reports on ERIC. Morgan Stanley reaffirmed a “neutral” rating on shares of Ericsson in a research note on Monday, October 10th. Charter Equity raised Ericsson from a “mkt underperform” rating to a “mkt perform” rating in a research note on Friday, January 27th. Zacks Investment Research raised Ericsson from a “sell” rating to a “hold” rating in a research note on Friday, January 27th. Wells Fargo & Company reiterated a “market perform” rating on shares of Ericsson in a report on Saturday, January 28th. Finally, Goldman Sachs Group, Inc. (The) cut Ericsson from a “neutral” rating to a “sell” rating and set a $6.00 price target for the company. in a report on Thursday, January 19th. Two analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, seventeen have assigned a hold rating, two have issued a buy rating and one has given a strong buy rating to the company. The company has a consensus rating of “Hold” and an average target price of $6.74. About Ericsson Telefonaktiebolaget LM Ericsson is a Sweden-based telecommunications operator. The Company offers hardware, software and services that drive development in mobility, broadband and the cloud, creating ecosystems across various industries. Ericsson’s core businesses are Radio, Core and Transmission, and Telecom Services. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding ERIC? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Ericsson (NASDAQ:ERIC). Receive News & Ratings for Ericsson Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Ericsson and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News White House Announces Conway Was Counseled Warren Receives Support After GOP Formally Silences Her Report: Trump Was Not Completely Briefed on Bannon NSC Seat Justice Department Will Challenge Stop to Travel Ban President Trump Cancels Harley-Davidson Trip Due to Possible Protests © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
WSJ WSJ LIVE WSJ Live on Facebook WSJ Live on Twitter MARKETWATCH MarketWatch on Facebook MarketWatch on Twitter BARRON'S <h4>Barrons on Facebook</h4><div style="border: none; padding: 2px 3px;" class="fb-like" data-href="http://www.facebook.com/barronsonline" data-send="false" data-layout="button_count" data-width="250" data-show-faces="false" data-action="recommend"></div> <h4>Barrons on Twitter</h4><a href="https://twitter.com/barronsonline" class="twitter-follow-button" data-show-count="true">Follow @barronsonline</a> DJX Product X on Facebook Product X on Twitter RT F R&C PE&VC WSJ B MORE Mansion Global WSJ Secure BigCharts Financial News Professor Journal Realtor.com Student Journal Virtual Stock Exchange WSJ Classifieds WSJ Classrooms WSJ Wine Search Asia Edition U.S. Edition   Subscribe Log In Home Magazine This Week's Edition Past Editions New: Cartoons Daily All Coverage Barron's Take Weekday Trader Up & Down Wall St. Daily Getting Technical Striking Price Daily Wall Street's Best Minds Read This, Spike That Stocks to Watch Today Asia Stocks to Watch Income Investing Tech Trader Daily Focus on Funds Emerging Markets Q&A Video Center Investing Ideas Overview Barron's Picks & Pans Mutual Funds / ETFs Hedge Funds Stocks Center Commodities Center Bonds Center Options Center Barron's Take Weekday Trader Stock Alert Inside Scoop Ahead of the Crowd Focus on Funds Stocks to Watch Today Barron's Roundtable Advisor Center Overview Top 100 Advisors Top 100 Women Advisors Top 100 Independent Advisors Top 1,200 Advisors Advisor Profiles Market Data Market Data Center Market Lab Economic Calendar Watchlist Stock Grader Stock & Fund Tables Barron's 400 PENTA Penta Magazine Penta Daily Penta Archives Barron's NEXT ETF Focus Who Really Needs Active ETFs? JPMorgan made news when it agreed to launch a new kind of actively managed ETF. The problem? The SEC hasn’t approved this new product. By Crystal Kim Biography Feb. 4, 2017 12:50 a.m. ET There’s been an unusual bit of buzz about something that hasn’t quite happened: JPMorgan Chase signed on to launch actively managed exchange-traded funds using a structure that hasn’t yet been approved. Active ETFs are still something of a chimera in the industry. Most fund providers are holding out for nontransparent versions that would allow them to disclose a portfolio’s holdings quarterly, like mutual funds, rather than daily. Precidian Investments has been trying to get approval for its ActiveShares model, which... Get The Full Story Subscribe   or   Log In Want to participate in the discussion? Already a subscriber? Log in for complete access. Powered by Livefyre Most Popular 1. What’s Apple to Do with $246 Billion in Cash? Subscriber Content Read Preview 2. 12 Stocks to Benefit Most From the House Tax Plan Subscriber Content Read Preview 3. Why You Want to Own Tesla Now Subscriber Content Read Preview 4. The One Thing You Have that Warren Buffett Doesn’t Subscriber Content Read Preview See Full List Latest Market Videos 1 Barron's Buzz: The Best Fund Families of 2016 2 Is Under Armour Asking for a Backlash? 3 Twitter Posts 10th Straight Quarter of Lower Revenue Barron's Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn YouTube RSS Feed AppStore Google Play Return to Top« Customer Service Customer Center Contact Us Live Help Refer Your Friends to Barron's and Get Rewarded. Learn More Create an Account Subscribe to Barron's Magazine Subscribers: Activate Your Digital Access About Barrons.com Advertising Masthead Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Data Policy Copyright Policy Subscriber Agreement & Terms of Use Your Ad Choices Community Guidelines Also From Barron's Conferences Reprints Classifieds College Program Find a Broker Barron's in Japanese Tools & Services Mobile Site Email Newsletters Barron's on iPad/iPhone Barron's on Android Watchlist Video Annual Reports StockGrader Barron's 400 Economic Calendar Stock & Mutual Fund Listings Commodities, Options & Annuities Listings Fund Prospectuses ACAP Enabled Copyright ©2017 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
Skip to content MilTech pr@satprnews.com Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 4 February 2017 by Military News ClearBridge Mutual Fund Manager Sticks To Stocks With Rising Dividends Shutterstock photo Michael Clarfeld has helped steer $5.6 billion ClearBridge Dividend Strategy Fund ( SOPAX ) to solid performance by pursing high-quality stocks that provide price appreciation with improving dividends. The fund he co-manages has returned an average annual 8.89% in the three years ended Jan. 31 , topping 80% of the diversified income-oriented stock mutual funds tracked by Morningstar Inc. The fund’s 12-month trailing dividend yield is 1.12%. His bull’s-eye is dividend growth, not high dividends. He and co-managers Harry Cohen and Peter Vanderlee favor stocks that are financially healthy enough to pay dividends that rise. They avoid those with yields that are inflated either by companies desperately trying to attract investors or by falling share prices. The bonus is that the financial strength that provides a launchpad for dividend growth inoculates stocks against the risks of a rising interest rate environment, he says. “Stretching for yield is risky,” he warns. “Dividend growth is the place to be. That growth can offset the negatives of rising rates.” Dividends can be shock-absorbers, smoothing investors’ rides during market turmoil. Yet their stock holdings still offer the potential of price gains, the thinking goes. Just look at some of his fund’s holdings. Among the fund’s four holdings with the highest Composite Ratings from IBD , Texas Instruments ( TXN ) is up 43% in the past 12 months ended Jan. 31; it has an annual dividend growth rate of 15.3% in the past three years, according to dividend.com. JPMorgan Chase ( JPM ) is up 42%; its dividend growth rate is 10.6%. Automatic Data Processing ( ADP ) is up 22%; its dividend growth rate is 6.8%. UnitedHealth Group ( UNH ) is up 41%; its dividend growth rate is 31.2%. IBD’S TAKE: UnitedHealth is No. 1 in IBD’s Medical-Medical Care industry group. To see how the company’s growth metrics – like its strong 87 IBD Composite Rating and four straight years of earnings per share (EPS) growth – stack up against its rivals, visit IBD Stock Checkup . That volatility antidote of dividend-paying stocks might come in handy sooner rather than later. The market has traded sideways since mid-December as investors wait to see how the newly installed president’s policies play out and whether a Republican-controlled Congress makes good on the business friendly actions investors expect from it. Stocks offering dividend growth also might fare better than bonds if the Federal Reserve makes good on its signals that it intends to raise rates multiple times this year. From his office in Manhattan, 39-year-old Clarfeld talked with IBD about whether it’s wise to own a dividend-paying portfolio in a rising rate environment and his fund’s overall investment approach. IBD: Do you ever give in to temptation and buy high-yield stocks? Clarfeld: If you buy only stocks with high current dividends, you miss out on some good stocks. We own American Tower (AMT), for instance, which is a wonderful business. (Its share price is up 34% since the end of 2012. Its dividend yield is 2.2%.) But it only began to pay dividends in 2012. So you have to be open-minded. We used to own Heinz (now part of KraftHeinz (KHC)). Several years ago it was much easier to find great companies with solid growth and high dividends like Heinz. But then it got taken over. We couldn’t find a replacement that was as good a company with a good growth rate and a high current yield, so we ended up tilting more toward dividend growth and a little less toward high current yield as the impacts of quant easing became more pronounced over the last many years. IBD: Dividend growers are among the most stable companies. Why not buy shares in them directly and avoid a fund’s expenses? Clarfeld: There are a couple of reasons. One is diversification. It would not be particularly efficient for an individual to buy 4o to 50 stocks. The broker commissions would add up. And the average person who has a job and a family does not have time to follow 50 different companies, industries, competitors and figure out which to buy, the correct time to buy, and so on. IBD: You began a stake in JPMorgan Chase ( JPM ) not long ago, but well before its recent Trump bump. What’s your thesis? Clarfeld: We bought it early in the year when it was yielding north of 3%. (Yield now is 2.3%.) Pre-election, there was so much investor fatigue toward large banks, prices were very beaten down. And the prospect of interest rates going up, it seemed like it would never happen. And it seemed like regulatory pressures would persist forever. We just thought the valuation was too pessimistic. And JPMorgan has lots of franchises that are valuable. IBD: Texas Instruments’ ( TXN ) earnings per share growth has accelerated for four straight quarters. What’s driving it? Clarfeld: We like their emphasis on analog chips. If you think about Texas vs. Intel (INTC), which we also own, Intel makes the brains of computers. They are high performance, high dollar value. Texas focuses on the other end of the spectrum. Their chips sell for 10 to 20 cents. They are basic but high quality. And they’re attractive because they are the largest player in that space. Anyone designing a new alarm clock or refrigerator or car and needs basic chips knows that Texas Instruments has them. And once those chips are designed into something, it rarely changes. So they provide a recurring revenue stream like an annuity. High performance chips require huge R&D spending. Texas Instruments’ chips are much less capital intensive. So they can direct 100% of their free cash flow to shareholders. IBD: Automatic Data Processing ( ADP ) got a nice Trump bump. But you’ve owed this for years, right? Clarfeld: It’s been a core holding for 10-plus years. It’s a business we think can compound earnings for years. And payroll processing provides recurring revenues. Once you get a company’s payroll, the business is sticky. This company benefits from job growth in the economy. It is taking share. And it provides ancillary services. They help companies deal with Affordable Care Act compliance, although a potential repeal or replacement is now a risk for them. Still, the ACA is not a core driver of this business. And recently it’s benefited like a lot of financials from rising interest rates. They earn a float on payrolls they handle. Rising rates mean that float will increase. IBD: You reopened your stake in Alphabet (GOOG) after closing it. What brought you back? Clarfeld: We’re a dividend portfolio. We don’t go looking for nondividend-payers, but we don’t want to be overly dogmatic. We wanted this exposure and there is no other way to get it. Over the past 10 years, we’ve owned three nondividend-payers: Apple (AAPL), Berkshire Hathaway (BERKB) and Alphabet. There is no search company like Google. There is no company like Berkshire Hathaway, which won’t initiate a dividend while Warren Buffett is alive. After he’s gone, who knows? And we think Alphabet will likely initiate a dividend in the future. We’re not forecasting that, but we think they will. IBD: You trimmed your Waste Management (WM) stake. Why is that? Clarfeld: Actually, it’s an example of a business we like. The business is stable and predictable. It’s cyclical with the economy. There’s been enough consolidation to make the industry rational. In fact, they’ve been able to drive prices higher despite a relatively weak economy. We have trimmed some just on valuation. IBD: What distinguishes Walt Disney (DIS) from other media names? Clarfeld: Their ability to create properties and then monetize them. They make movies, then turn it into a theme park attraction and then sell merchandise from it to kids. They show an ability to do that in a way few other companies can. And they own ESPN, which is dominant in sports. The biggest piece of ESPN is monthly subscription income, not advertising, and their paid subscribers are growing. So their revenue is stable and predictable. They have multiyear contracts with (cable) systems, with built-in (price) escalators. IBD : Is Home Depot (HD) a play on an expected pickup in economic growth? Clarfeld: What we like about it is not what’s going to happen to the economy in 2017. We don’t own a lot of retailers because they’re hard to understand. And they have a fashion element, which can become unpopular suddenly. Home Depot is not like that. They’re not trying to call a fashion fad. And they don’t need to spiff up their stores, which are warehouses. It took a huge step down in the financial crisis. We bought it back then. Our cost basis is below 30. (Now it’s trading around the high 130s.) It’s a play on people spending on their homes. IBD: UnitedHealth Group ( UNH ) has trended higher since the election. Is this a play on the expectation of reduced health care regulation? Clarfeld: They have diversified their operations. The stock has done well because people expect reform or changes under the new administration that will be market based. Company management is very commercially oriented. RELATED: Where Vanguard’s CEO McNabb Sees Fund Giant Headed In 2017 Where Mutual Fund Bigwigs Expect To See Stocks Gains In 2017 After 2016 Ends On Strong Note For Mutual Funds, What’s Ahead For 2017 The views and opinions expressed herein are the views and opinions of the author and do not necessarily reflect those of Nasdaq, Inc. CategoriesUncategorized TagsAutomotive, Business, Companies, company, Economy, Environment, Health, Home and Garden, Industry, Markets, Movies, Space, Sports, Uncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Top Funds’ New Buys: GrubHub Delivers Food, Profit Next PostNext Mutual Fund Managers Cite Tech, Financial, Energy And Industrial Names They Like For ’17 Search our contacts Search for: Search Recent Posts Operation Food Search to Hold Fourth Purses for Pantries Fundraiser Operation Food Search to Hold Fourth Purses for Pantries Fundraiser Keller Williams Realty Memphis Announces Kiana Lee Keller Williams Realty Memphis Announces Kiana Lee Attendee List Released Ahead of RNA Therapeutics Industry Summit Featuring MHRA, Silence Therapeutics and GSK Business Contacts aBusiness contacts Proudly powered by WordPress
SubscribeStarting at 99 cents MembersSign In SUBSCRIBE NOW Get unlimited access to Globe.com today Menu SubscribeStarting at 99 cents MembersSign In Business & Tech SubscribeStarting at 99 cents MembersSign In Metro Sports Business & Tech Opinion Politics Lifestyle Arts Cars Real Estate Most popular on bostonglobe.com Based on what you've read recently, you might be interested in theses stories The cancer on the Trump presidency Trump wears his ties long. It’s not by accident. Donald Trump is still calling Elizabeth Warren ‘Pocahontas’ Patriots owner Kraft spotted with Trump at Mar-a-Lago Today's Paper Magazine Obituaries Weather Comics Crossword The Big Picture Digital Access 99 cents a week for the first 4 weeks Subscribe Subscribe Home Delivery Save 50% off the regular rate Subscribe Subscribe Already a subscriber? Members Sign In Digital Access 99 cents a week for the first 4 weeks Subscribe Subscribe Home Delivery Save 50% off the regular rate Subscribe Subscribe Already a subscriber? Members Sign In Trump takes aim at Dodd-Frank E-Mail Share via e-mail To Add a message Your e-mail Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Comments Print The Boston Globe Tweet Share Aude Guerrucci /Getty Images/Pool President Donald Trump signed an executive order in the Oval Office of the White House Friday. By Deirdre Fernandes Globe Staff  February 03, 2017 President Trump on Friday took the first step toward unwinding Wall Street reforms put in place during the depths of the financial crisis, sparking outrage from consumer groups across the country. After a meeting with business executives, including the head of JP Morgan Chase & Co. and private equity giant Blackstone Group, Trump signed an executive order launching a sweeping Treasury Department review of the 2010 Dodd-Frank legislation, with an eye toward overhauling the law. He also signed off on postponing a recent rule that requires financial advisers to act in the best interest of their clients when giving retirement advice. Advertisement The moves fulfill Trump’s campaign promises to scuttle the financial regulatory legacy of the Obama administration, which moved to rein in risky Wall Street behavior and bolster consumer protections after the worst economic crisis since the Great Depression. Trump has asserted that the rules stifle economic growth, as he’s embraced many of the financiers and financial institutions that have been in the regulatory crosshairs in recent years, including Goldman Sachs and JP Morgan. Get Talking Points in your inbox: An afternoon recap of the day’s most important business news, delivered weekdays. Sign Up Thank you for signing up! Sign up for more newsletters here Goldman, in particular, which Trump scorned during his campaign, has now sent several alumni to his administration, including the nominee for Treasury secretary, Steven Mnuchin. “We expect to be cutting a lot out of Dodd-Frank,’’ Trump said during a meeting with business leaders Friday morning. ‘‘Because frankly, I have so many people, friends of mine, that had nice businesses, they just can’t borrow money . . . because the banks just won’t let them borrow because of the rules and regulations in Dodd-Frank.’’ Bank stocks were up by more than 2 percent Friday on news of Trump’s executive action. Advertisement The response from Democratic legislators, including Massachusetts Senator Elizabeth Warren and consumer advocates, was swift and sharp. Warren blasted Trump as a hypocrite who campaigned as a defender of working Americans but, she said, is now trying to roll back rules that protect everyday consumers. “The Wall St bankers may be popping champagne, but Americans haven’t forgotten the 2008 financial crisis — and they won’t forget today,” Warren tweeted Friday. Carolyn Kaster/Associated Press Senator Elizabeth Warren issued a defense of the so-called fiduciary rule by relating stories of how financial firms offered their agents incentives to sell certain higher-priced investments to consumers. Massachusetts Secretary of State William Galvin, who oversees the securities industry in the state, called Trump’s delay of the fiduciary rule, which requires financial advisers to act in the best interest of their clients, not their own financial interest, “reckless.” “It is ironic that this administration that presents itself as championing the little guy took less than two weeks to strike down one of the most significant investor protection provisions,” Galvin said in a statement. Banks and investment firms Friday were careful to avoid celebrating just yet. Banks and their lobbyists have been complaining for years that regulation is hampering lending, economic growth, and their bottom lines. Nonetheless, the number of banks that lost money in the third quarter of 2016 were the fewest since 1997; overall, bank profits were up by 13 percent from the year before; and annual loan growth is back to about 2007 levels, according to the Federal Deposit Insurance Corp. Still, smaller banks in particular are feeling the squeeze of regulation, and many are merging with competitors, in part to spread the costs of new rules, said Dan Forte, president of the Massachusetts Bankers Association. Policy makers should ease some of these requirements on small banks, Forte said. “We’re not about to go down to Washington and say we want to eliminate Dodd-Frank. There are some good provisions that were necessary,” Forte said. “But where are some modest suggestions that we could look at?” For instance, rules requiring regional banks to keep the same levels of capital as the largest institutions in the country should be changed, Forte said. Former Massachusetts representative Barney Frank, who cosponsored the financial reform legislation along with then-senator Christopher Dodd, said the order signals Trump’s intent, but gutting the law in Congress would probably be difficult and take a long time. More likely, Trump’s appointments for the various agencies that oversee financial regulations will weakly enforce the regulations, Frank said. “It’s a charter to weaken the regulation,” he said of the executive order. The Republican Congress and the administration will probably target certain aspects of the law, particularly the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau. The bureau has gone after banks, payday lenders, and mortgage companies and collected billions of dollars in fines from financial institutions. Republican lawmakers and the Trump administration have indicated, in particular, that they want to change the leadership of the agency and could try to limit its funding. A recent federal court ruling also found that the CFPB’s structure, with a director who could only be fired for cause by the president, was unconstitutional. “They will probably try to change funding for CFPB and make it subject to appropriation, which could dramatically curb [its] boldness,” said James Segel, who worked as special counsel to Frank during the financial crisis. The changes to the Department of Labor’s so-called fiduciary rule will probably happen more quickly. The changes were scheduled to go into effect in April but have been delayed. They’re aimed at cutting back on incentives companies offered agents to sell clients higher-priced and riskier investments, such as vacations to Ireland and South Africa and iPads and sports tickets. Many investment firms have already started to change their products and fee structures to comply with the rule. However, Boston-based Fidelity Investments, which was a vocal opponent of the new fiduciary rule, said the delay makes sense. “Fidelity remains committed to putting the needs of our customers first and is fully prepared to be compliant with the rule if and when it becomes effective,” the company said in a statement. “We feel a delay affords policy makers an important opportunity to consider changes to the rules that allow for more choice and best serve retirement savers.” Deirdre Fernandes can be reached at deirdre.fernandes@globe.com. Follow her on Twitter @fernandesglobe. Loading comments... Top 10 Trending Articles Most Viewed Most Commented Most Shared Real journalists. Real journalism. Subscribe to The Boston Globe today. My Account Log in Manage my Account Mobile Customer Service Sign Up For Newsletters Contact Help FAQs Globe newsroom Advertise Social Facebook Twitter Google+ More ePaper News in Education Archives Privacy policy Terms of service Terms of purchase Your Ad Choices Work at Boston Globe Media © 2017 Boston Globe Media Partners, LLC You're reading  1 of 5 free articles. Get UNLIMITED access for only 99¢ per week Subscribe Now > You're reading1 of 5 free articles.Keep scrolling to see more articles recomended for you Subscribe now You're reading 1 of 5 free articles. Get UNLIMITED access for only 99¢ per week. Subscribe now You're reading 2 of 5 free articles. Get UNLIMITED access for only 99¢ per week. Subscribe now You're reading 3 of 5 free articles. Get UNLIMITED access for only 99¢ per week. Subscribe now You're reading 4 of 5 free articles. Get UNLIMITED access for only 99¢ per week. Subscribe now You're reading 5 of 5 free articles. Get UNLIMITED access for only 99¢ per week. Subscribe now We hope you've enjoyed your 5 free articles. Continue reading by subscribing to Globe.com for just 99¢. Subscribe Now Already a member? Log in Home Special Offer for Business Travelers Get the day’s top stories by 6 am. and breaking news as it unfolds Connect with Facebook or Sign up & return to story Please enter a valid email Subscriber Log in | Privacy Policy Close Wake up with today’s top stories Get Today’s Headlines every morning and breaking news as it unfolds. Connect with Facebook or Sign up & return to story Please enter a valid email Subscriber Log in | Privacy Policy Close Thanks for signing up Browse our full list of free Globe newsletters Return to your story Close We hope you’ve enjoyed your 5 free articles Continue reading by subscribing to Globe.com for just 99¢. Subscribe Now Subscribe Now Already a subscriber? Log in DON'T MISS THESE MUST READS Get unlimited access and never miss a story The cancer on the Trump presidency Trump wears his ties long. It’s not by accident. Donald Trump is still calling Elizabeth Warren ‘Pocahontas’ Patriots owner Kraft spotted with Trump at Mar-a-Lago Subscriber Log In We hope you've enjoyed your 5 free articles' Continue reading by subscribing to BostonGlobe.com for just 99¢. Continue reading by subscribing to Globe.com for just $.99¢ Stay informed with unlimited access to Boston’s trusted news source. High-quality journalism from the region’s largest newsroom Convenient access across all of your devices Today’s Headlines daily newsletter Subscriber-only access to exclusive offers, events, contests, eBooks, and more Less than 25¢ a week GET FULL ACCESS NOW GET FULL ACCESS NOW Already a subscriber? Log in Your city. Your stories. Your Globe. Yours FREE for two weeks. Enjoy free unlimited access to Globe.com for the next two weeks. Limited time only - No credit card required! Get Today's Headlines newsletter Remember me BostonGlobe.com complimentary digital access has been provided to you, without a subscription, for free starting today and ending in 14 days. After the free trial period, your free BostonGlobe.com digital access will stop immediately unless you sign up for BostonGlobe.com digital subscription. Current print and digital subscribers are not eligible for the free trial. Thanks & Welcome to Globe.com You now have unlimited access for the next two weeks. Explore Globe.com BostonGlobe.com complimentary digital access has been provided to you, without a subscription, for free starting today and ending in 14 days. After the free trial period, your free BostonGlobe.com digital access will stop immediately unless you sign up for BostonGlobe.com digital subscription. Current print and digital subscribers are not eligible for the free trial.
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy   Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance TESSCO Technologies Incorporated - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for TESSCO Technologies Incorporated with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Blackrock Throgmorton Trust PLC (THRG) Increases Dividend to GBX 6.25 Per Share Pattern Energy Group Inc. (PEGI) Stock Rating Lowered by Zacks Investment Research Analysts Issue Forecasts for Akamai Technologies, Inc.’s Q1 2017 Earnings (AKAM) Allergan PLC. (AGN) Forecasted to Post Q1 2017 Earnings of $3.55 Per Share AngioDynamics, Inc. (ANGO) Receives $16.63 Average Target Price from Brokerages Sanatana Resources Inc (STA) Director Peter Leighton Miles Purchases 372,000 Shares of Stock Alexander & Baldwin Holdings, Inc. (ALEX) Director Stanley M. Kuriyama Sells 4,250 Shares Nicholas Financial, Inc. (NICK) Major Shareholder Magnolia Capital Fund, Lp Purchases 19,196 Shares Brokerages Anticipate Air Methods Corporation (AIRM) to Post $0.61 Earnings Per Share Owens Corning Inc (OC) Upgraded to Hold by Zacks Investment Research Avon Products, Inc. (AVP) Forecasted to Post Q1 2017 Earnings of $0.05 Per Share Analysts Offer Predictions for Camden Property Trust’s Q1 2017 Earnings (CPT) Jefferies Group Comments on CenturyLink, Inc.’s Q1 2017 Earnings (CTL) Brokerages Set Computer Programs and Systems, Inc. (CPSI) Price Target at $34.55 Seaport Global Securities Brokers Cut Earnings Estimates for Diamond Offshore Drilling, Inc. (DO) Daniel Kerzner Sells 36,000 Shares of Alarm.com Holdings, Inc. (ALRM) Stock Elissa Fink Sells 5,000 Shares of Tableau Software, Inc. (DATA) Stock Eaton Vance Tax-Managed Global Buy-Write (ETW) to Issue $0.10 Monthly Dividend Fiserv, Inc. to Post Q1 2017 Earnings of $1.18 Per Share, SunTrust Banks Forecasts (FISV) Marriott International (MAR) Receives $83.98 Average Target Price from Brokerages RBF Capital LLC Has $143,000 Position in TESSCO Technologies Incorporated (TESS) February 3rd, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Trevor Kearing Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet RBF Capital LLC increased its position in shares of TESSCO Technologies Incorporated (NASDAQ:TESS) by 7.5% during the third quarter, according to its most recent disclosure with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). The institutional investor owned 11,523 shares of the company’s stock after buying an additional 800 shares during the period. RBF Capital LLC owned about 0.14% of TESSCO Technologies worth $143,000 at the end of the most recent quarter. A number of other hedge funds and other institutional investors also recently added to or reduced their stakes in the stock. Spark Investment Management LLC purchased a new stake in TESSCO Technologies during the third quarter worth approximately $155,000. BlackRock Fund Advisors increased its stake in TESSCO Technologies by 15.0% in the second quarter. BlackRock Fund Advisors now owns 16,184 shares of the company’s stock worth $225,000 after buying an additional 2,107 shares in the last quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. increased its stake in TESSCO Technologies by 516.6% in the second quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 18,222 shares of the company’s stock worth $253,000 after buying an additional 15,267 shares in the last quarter. Stifel Financial Corp increased its stake in TESSCO Technologies by 1.0% in the second quarter. Stifel Financial Corp now owns 21,212 shares of the company’s stock worth $295,000 after buying an additional 200 shares in the last quarter. Finally, Wells Fargo & Company MN increased its stake in TESSCO Technologies by 221.8% in the third quarter. Wells Fargo & Company MN now owns 28,620 shares of the company’s stock worth $355,000 after buying an additional 19,727 shares in the last quarter. Institutional investors and hedge funds own 60.32% of the company’s stock. TESSCO Technologies Incorporated (NASDAQ:TESS) traded up 1.06% during mid-day trading on Friday, hitting $14.25. The stock had a trading volume of 10,569 shares. The firm has a market cap of $116.62 million, a P/E ratio of 395.83 and a beta of 1.47. The stock has a 50 day moving average of $13.73 and a 200-day moving average of $12.70. TESSCO Technologies Incorporated has a 1-year low of $9.75 and a 1-year high of $18.64. TESSCO Technologies (NASDAQ:TESS) last released its quarterly earnings data on Monday, January 30th. The company reported $0.15 earnings per share for the quarter, missing the consensus estimate of $0.21 by $0.06. TESSCO Technologies had a net margin of 0.06% and a return on equity of 1.12%. Analysts predict that TESSCO Technologies Incorporated will post $0.40 EPS for the current fiscal year. The business also recently disclosed a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Wednesday, March 1st. Stockholders of record on Wednesday, February 15th will be paid a $0.20 dividend. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Monday, February 13th. This represents a $0.80 annualized dividend and a dividend yield of 5.61%. TESSCO Technologies’s dividend payout ratio is currently 2,000.00%. TRADEMARK VIOLATION WARNING: This story was first posted by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are reading this story on another domain, it was stolen and republished in violation of United States & international trademark & copyright law. The correct version of this story can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/02/03/rbf-capital-llc-has-143000-position-in-tessco-technologies-incorporated-tess.html. Separately, Zacks Investment Research downgraded TESSCO Technologies from a “hold” rating to a “sell” rating in a research note on Tuesday, November 1st. TESSCO Technologies Company Profile TESSCO Technologies Incorporated architects and delivers the product and value chain solutions to organizations responsible for building, operating, maintaining and reselling cellular, mobile communications, wireless-fidelity (Wi-Fi), machine-to-machine, Internet of Things and wireless backhaul systems. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding TESS? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for TESSCO Technologies Incorporated (NASDAQ:TESS). Receive News & Ratings for TESSCO Technologies Incorporated Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for TESSCO Technologies Incorporated and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News White House Announces Conway Was Counseled Warren Receives Support After GOP Formally Silences Her Report: Trump Was Not Completely Briefed on Bannon NSC Seat Justice Department Will Challenge Stop to Travel Ban President Trump Cancels Harley-Davidson Trip Due to Possible Protests © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
NEWS l l CHANNELS GamesBeat AI AR/VR Big Data Bots Business Cloud Dev Enterprise Entrepreneur Esports Marketing Media Mobile PC Gaming Security Social Transportation Got a news tip? Press Releases Newsletters Webinars Advertise EVENTS l l VB EVENTS Upcoming Events GET INVOLVED Sponsor Speaker Media Partner Volunteer Got a news tip? Press Releases Newsletters Webinars Advertise RESEARCH l l CATEGORIES Marketing Tech Mobile Gaming Miscellaneous LEARN MORE VB Top Ten Subscription Got a news tip? Press Releases Newsletters Webinars Advertise ‹ NEWS › CHANNELS GamesBeat Entrepreneur AI Esports AR/VR Marketing Big Data Media Bots Mobile Business PC Gaming Cloud Security Dev Social Enterprise Transportation ‹ EVENTS › VB EVENTS Upcoming Events GET INVOLVED Sponsor Media Partner Speaker Volunteer ‹ RESEARCH › CATEGORIES Marketing Tech Gaming Mobile Miscellaneous LEARN MORE VB Top Ten Subscription ‹ VENTUREBEAT › About Advertise Careers Contact Got a news tip? Press Releases Newsletters Webinars BUSINESS Elon Musk, other CEOs voice travel ban concerns to Trump Reuters February 3, 2017 5:49 PM Tags: Donald Trump, Elon Musk, Ginni Rometty, IBM, Muslim ban, politics, Tesla Above: Tesla CEO Elon Musk (R) sits beside Senior Counselor to the President Steve Bannon (L) as U.S. President Donald Trump hosts a strategy and policy forum with chief executives of major U.S. companies at the White House in Washington February 3, 2017. REUTERS/Kevin Lamarque (Reuters) – Chief executives of major U.S. companies huddled with President Donald Trump at the White House on Friday and some of them expressed concern about a travel ban on people from seven Muslim-majority countries traveling to the United States. Business leaders said afterward that the group, which included Jamie Dimon of JP Morgan Chase and Indra Nooyi of PepsiCo, discussed bank rules, tax reform, and objections to Trump’s week-old ban. Some companies are worried that the travel restrictions will impact their employees or create uncertainty that could rattle markets. Tech companies also have broader concerns about Trump’s immigration policies because of the number of foreign workers they employ in the United States. The U.S. business community has been divided in their approach on taxes and immigration, and some leaders are wary of working with a president who uses his platform to attack companies that vex him, such as threatening penalties for manufacturing outside the United States. Homeland Security Secretary John Kelly delivered an update to the corporate leaders on the travel restrictions, which caused chaos at major U.S. airports and are now facing court challenges. “There was obviously concern by different people and explanations and that issue had to be covered and was covered,” Blackstone Group Chief Executive Stephen Schwarzman, who leads the advisory group, said on Fox Business. Participants including Elon Musk of Tesla had said before the meeting that they would raise concerns with Trump about the travel crackdown. The meeting, which also included Mary Barra of General Motors and Jim McNerney, formerly of Boeing Co, convened a business advisory panel that Trump announced in December. Uber CEO Travis Kalanick quit the group under pressure from activists over the order. Musk defended his own decision to participate on Friday, saying that going to the meeting did not mean he agreed with Trump’s actions. The White House said in a statement on Thursday evening that did not mention Uber that Trump “understands the importance of an open dialogue with fellow business leaders to discuss how to best make our nation’s economy stronger.” Executives from Ford Motor Co also criticized the ban, but others, including General Motors and JPMorgan Chase have not taken a position. Split on tax reform Trump has also met with executives from the U.S. pharmaceutical and auto industries as part of a push to step up U.S. job creation. Division in the corporate world is also developing over taxes. Boeing Co and General Electric Co on Thursday joined a group in support of a congressional plan to tax all imports. But that plan, which does not have universal support among Republicans, is opposed by many U.S. retailers, which say it could raise prices for consumers. “If you’re a big U.S. manufacturer and exporter, you love it. And if you’re a retailer bringing a lot of your stuff in, it has ramifications for you,” Jack Welch, the former GE chief executive, said on Fox Business after the meeting. “It’s not a simple issue.” Republican leaders say tax reform is a top priority, but they have acknowledged it could take until the end of 2017 or longer to finish legislation. “If I were a company, I’d be worried about tax reform,” said Bernie Williams, chief investment officer at USAA Investment Solutions, in San Antonio. The White House meeting with the group is also set to cover trade, regulatory relief and infrastructure. (Additional reporting by Dustin Volz in Washington,; Jennifer Ablan in New York and Ross Kerber in Boston) ABOUT CONTACT CAREERS ADVERTISE Terms of Service Privacy Policy © 2017 VentureBeat. All rights reserved.
Home About/Contact US Privacy Policy Staff Daily Email Updates Headlines Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Investing Everest Re Group Ltd. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Everest Re Group Ltd. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Recent Posts OraSure Technologies, Inc. (OSUR) Lifted to Strong-Buy at Zacks Investment Research Zacks Investment Research Lowers Orion Energy Systems, Inc. (OESX) to Hold Tenneco Inc. (TEN) to Post Q1 2017 Earnings of $1.38 Per Share, Northcoast Research Forecasts Barrington Research Comments on Snap-On Incorporated’s Q1 2017 Earnings (SNA) Equities Analysts Offer Predictions for Sanderson Farms, Inc.’s Q1 2017 Earnings (SAFM) UK Commercial Property Trust Limited Plans Dividend of GBX 0.92 (UKCM) Zacks: ICU Medical, Inc. (ICUI) Given Average Rating of “Buy” by Analysts News Corporation (NWSA) Receives $16.00 Consensus Price Target from Brokerages Generac Holdlings Inc. (GNRC) Receives $40.50 Consensus Price Target from Analysts Financial Engines, Inc. (FNGN) EVP Christopher L. Jones Sells 6,667 Shares Eaton Vance Tax-Advantaged Global Divide (ETO) To Go Ex-Dividend on February 16th Eaton Vance Tax-Managed Global Dive Eq (EXG) To Go Ex-Dividend on February 16th Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd. (RCL) Receives $95.82 Average Target Price from Analysts Q1 2017 Earnings Forecast for Corrections Corp. of America Issued By SunTrust Banks (CXW) Michael Rapino Sells 210,000 Shares of Live Nation Entertainment, Inc. (LYV) Stock Model N, Inc. (MODN) Raised to Buy at Zacks Investment Research Masco Corporation Forecasted to Earn Q1 2017 Earnings of $0.36 Per Share (MAS) Equities Analysts Issue Forecasts for Kilroy Realty Corporation’s Q1 2017 Earnings (KRC) Q1 2017 EPS Estimates for Humana Inc. (HUM) Decreased by Analyst Ring Energy (REI) Receives $15.90 Average Price Target from Analysts Everest Re Group, Ltd. (RE) Position Reduced by Morgan Stanley Posted by Abby Graham on Feb 4th, 2017 // No Comments Tweet Morgan Stanley lowered its position in shares of Everest Re Group, Ltd. (NYSE:RE) by 44.9% during the third quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The institutional investor owned 154,664 shares of the company’s stock after selling 126,167 shares during the period. Morgan Stanley owned 0.38% of Everest Re Group worth $29,382,000 as of its most recent SEC filing. A number of other large investors have also recently bought and sold shares of RE. APG Asset Management N.V. raised its position in shares of Everest Re Group by 13.2% in the third quarter. APG Asset Management N.V. now owns 617,227 shares of the company’s stock valued at $117,255,000 after buying an additional 71,965 shares during the period. JPMorgan Chase & Co. raised its position in shares of Everest Re Group by 38.2% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 1,337,026 shares of the company’s stock valued at $253,995,000 after buying an additional 369,601 shares during the period. First Merchants Corp raised its position in shares of Everest Re Group by 21.1% in the third quarter. First Merchants Corp now owns 8,056 shares of the company’s stock valued at $1,530,000 after buying an additional 1,403 shares during the period. BlackRock Inc. raised its position in shares of Everest Re Group by 6.0% in the third quarter. BlackRock Inc. now owns 82,392 shares of the company’s stock valued at $15,652,000 after buying an additional 4,689 shares during the period. Finally, UBS Asset Management Americas Inc. raised its position in shares of Everest Re Group by 3.5% in the third quarter. UBS Asset Management Americas Inc. now owns 339,067 shares of the company’s stock valued at $64,412,000 after buying an additional 11,517 shares during the period. Institutional investors own 91.56% of the company’s stock. Shares of Everest Re Group, Ltd. (NYSE:RE) traded down 0.26% during mid-day trading on Friday, reaching $221.61. 257,442 shares of the company traded hands. The stock has a market capitalization of $9.06 billion, a PE ratio of 9.63 and a beta of 0.49. Everest Re Group, Ltd. has a 52 week low of $169.19 and a 52 week high of $225.80. The firm has a 50 day moving average of $218.34 and a 200-day moving average of $201.67. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY WARNING: This report was posted by Web Breaking News and is the sole property of of Web Breaking News. If you are viewing this report on another site, it was stolen and reposted in violation of U.S. & international trademark & copyright law. The correct version of this report can be viewed at http://www.webbreakingnews.com/2017/02/04/everest-re-group-ltd-re-position-reduced-by-morgan-stanley.html. Several research analysts recently issued reports on the stock. Zacks Investment Research upgraded shares of Everest Re Group from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $238.00 price target for the company in a research note on Friday, November 18th. Barclays PLC reiterated a “buy” rating and issued a $246.00 price target on shares of Everest Re Group in a research note on Monday, January 9th. Goldman Sachs Group, Inc. (The) upgraded shares of Everest Re Group from a “sell” rating to a “neutral” rating and increased their price target for the stock from $166.00 to $195.00 in a research note on Tuesday, November 15th. Finally, Macquarie lowered shares of Everest Re Group from a “neutral” rating to an “underperform” rating and set a $186.00 price target for the company. in a research note on Tuesday, January 17th. One analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, three have given a hold rating and three have issued a buy rating to the company. The stock currently has an average rating of “Hold” and an average target price of $215.67. Everest Re Group Company Profile Everest Re Group, Ltd., through its subsidiaries, is engaged in the underwriting of reinsurance and insurance in the United States, Bermuda and international markets. The Company’s segments include U.S. Reinsurance segment, International segment, Bermuda segment, Insurance segment and Mt. Logan Re segment. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding RE? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Everest Re Group, Ltd. (NYSE:RE). Receive News & Ratings for Everest Re Group Ltd. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Everest Re Group Ltd. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter. « Previous Morgan Stanley Sells 979,563 Shares of Aercap Holdings N.V. (AER) Next » Gilead Sciences, Inc. (GILD) Position Raised by Pathstone Family Office LLC Latest News Nike Suspends Relationship with Maria Sharapova Rob Bironas Ex-Titans Kicker Dies in Car Crash Ron Washington Leaves Texas Rangers Due to an Affair Jonathan Dwyer Falls in Line with Other Banned NFL Players Tony Stewart Case Going to the Grand Jury Oscar Pistorius “Blade Runner” Found Not Guilty of Murder Leave a Reply Click here to cancel reply. Name (Required) Mail (will not be published) (Required) Website   Home Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Headlines Investing © 2006-2017 Web Breaking News.
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy   Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Universal Health Services Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Universal Health Services Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Blackrock Throgmorton Trust PLC (THRG) Increases Dividend to GBX 6.25 Per Share Pattern Energy Group Inc. (PEGI) Stock Rating Lowered by Zacks Investment Research Analysts Issue Forecasts for Akamai Technologies, Inc.’s Q1 2017 Earnings (AKAM) Allergan PLC. (AGN) Forecasted to Post Q1 2017 Earnings of $3.55 Per Share AngioDynamics, Inc. (ANGO) Receives $16.63 Average Target Price from Brokerages Sanatana Resources Inc (STA) Director Peter Leighton Miles Purchases 372,000 Shares of Stock Alexander & Baldwin Holdings, Inc. (ALEX) Director Stanley M. Kuriyama Sells 4,250 Shares Nicholas Financial, Inc. (NICK) Major Shareholder Magnolia Capital Fund, Lp Purchases 19,196 Shares Brokerages Anticipate Air Methods Corporation (AIRM) to Post $0.61 Earnings Per Share Owens Corning Inc (OC) Upgraded to Hold by Zacks Investment Research Avon Products, Inc. (AVP) Forecasted to Post Q1 2017 Earnings of $0.05 Per Share Analysts Offer Predictions for Camden Property Trust’s Q1 2017 Earnings (CPT) Jefferies Group Comments on CenturyLink, Inc.’s Q1 2017 Earnings (CTL) Brokerages Set Computer Programs and Systems, Inc. (CPSI) Price Target at $34.55 Seaport Global Securities Brokers Cut Earnings Estimates for Diamond Offshore Drilling, Inc. (DO) Daniel Kerzner Sells 36,000 Shares of Alarm.com Holdings, Inc. (ALRM) Stock Elissa Fink Sells 5,000 Shares of Tableau Software, Inc. (DATA) Stock Eaton Vance Tax-Managed Global Buy-Write (ETW) to Issue $0.10 Monthly Dividend Fiserv, Inc. to Post Q1 2017 Earnings of $1.18 Per Share, SunTrust Banks Forecasts (FISV) Marriott International (MAR) Receives $83.98 Average Target Price from Brokerages Bokf Na Acquires New Stake in Universal Health Services, Inc. (UHS) February 3rd, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Patrick Bannon Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Bokf Na purchased a new position in Universal Health Services, Inc. (NYSE:UHS) during the third quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The firm purchased 1,635 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $202,000. A number of other hedge funds have also made changes to their positions in UHS. FMR LLC raised its stake in shares of Universal Health Services by 13.4% in the second quarter. FMR LLC now owns 4,634,852 shares of the company’s stock worth $621,534,000 after buying an additional 546,464 shares during the last quarter. State Street Corp raised its stake in shares of Universal Health Services by 2.3% in the second quarter. State Street Corp now owns 3,687,677 shares of the company’s stock worth $494,513,000 after buying an additional 82,984 shares during the last quarter. BlackRock Institutional Trust Company N.A. raised its stake in shares of Universal Health Services by 3.4% in the third quarter. BlackRock Institutional Trust Company N.A. now owns 2,383,527 shares of the company’s stock worth $293,698,000 after buying an additional 78,452 shares during the last quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. raised its stake in shares of Universal Health Services by 17.2% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 1,766,229 shares of the company’s stock worth $217,635,000 after buying an additional 259,562 shares during the last quarter. Finally, BlackRock Fund Advisors raised its stake in shares of Universal Health Services by 2.4% in the third quarter. BlackRock Fund Advisors now owns 1,655,484 shares of the company’s stock worth $203,989,000 after buying an additional 39,414 shares during the last quarter. 85.52% of the stock is owned by institutional investors. Universal Health Services, Inc. (NYSE:UHS) traded up 0.98% during midday trading on Friday, reaching $113.85. The company had a trading volume of 734,388 shares. The company has a market capitalization of $11.04 billion, a P/E ratio of 16.04 and a beta of 1.10. The firm has a 50-day moving average of $110.25 and a 200 day moving average of $119.98. Universal Health Services, Inc. has a 1-year low of $99.72 and a 1-year high of $139.77. The company also recently announced a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Wednesday, March 15th. Shareholders of record on Wednesday, March 1st will be issued a $0.10 dividend. This represents a $0.40 annualized dividend and a dividend yield of 0.35%. The ex-dividend date is Monday, February 27th. Universal Health Services’s dividend payout ratio is 5.63%. WARNING: “Bokf Na Acquires New Stake in Universal Health Services, Inc. (UHS)” was reported by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are accessing this story on another publication, it was stolen and reposted in violation of international trademark & copyright legislation. The original version of this story can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/02/03/bokf-na-acquires-new-stake-in-universal-health-services-inc-uhs.html. UHS has been the subject of a number of research analyst reports. Avondale Partners lowered Universal Health Services from an “outperform” rating to a “market perform” rating in a research note on Wednesday, November 9th. Mizuho lowered Universal Health Services from a “buy” rating to a “neutral” rating and set a $133.00 price target for the company. in a research note on Wednesday, November 9th. Raymond James Financial, Inc. reaffirmed a “market perform” rating on shares of Universal Health Services in a research note on Wednesday, December 14th. Zacks Investment Research raised Universal Health Services from a “sell” rating to a “hold” rating in a research note on Thursday, December 8th. Finally, Wolfe Research started coverage on Universal Health Services in a report on Tuesday, October 25th. They issued a “market perform” rating for the company. Ten equities research analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and eight have issued a buy rating to the stock. The stock presently has an average rating of “Hold” and an average price target of $136.85. About Universal Health Services Universal Health Services, Inc is a holding company. The Company, through its subsidiaries, is engaged in owning and operating acute care hospitals, behavioral health centers, surgical hospitals, ambulatory surgery centers and radiation oncology centers. Its segment is acute care hospital services and behavioral healthcare services. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding UHS? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Universal Health Services, Inc. (NYSE:UHS). Receive News & Ratings for Universal Health Services Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Universal Health Services Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News White House Announces Conway Was Counseled Warren Receives Support After GOP Formally Silences Her Report: Trump Was Not Completely Briefed on Bannon NSC Seat Justice Department Will Challenge Stop to Travel Ban President Trump Cancels Harley-Davidson Trip Due to Possible Protests © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home   Street Talk   Personal Finance   Economy   Companies   Markets   Investing & Analysis   Insiders   Money Wire   Newsletters Special Discover 270 Ways to Slash Your 2016 Tax Bill Home | Street Talk Tags: wall street | fed | stress test | recession Wall Street Faces Fed Stress Tests Assuming Global Recession  (iStock) Sunday, 05 Feb 2017 03:36 PM Close  More ways to share... Stumbled LinkedIn Vine Reddit Delicious Newstrust Tell my politician Technocrati Short URL| Email Article| Comment| Contact| Print|     A   A    Wall Street banks will have to show they could survive a major global recession as part of an annual Federal Reserve exercise aimed at ensuring the biggest lenders aren’t vulnerable to a new financial crisis. The stress test scenarios released Friday by the Fed will be used to determine whether firms such as JPMorgan Chase & Co., Goldman Sachs Group Inc. and Deutsche Bank AG are strong enough to withstand a major blow to the broader economy. Good performance could give banks more leeway to pay dividends to their shareholders and buy back stock. The newly released scenarios feature the jobless rate climbing 5.25 percentage points to 10 percent and difficulties in corporate lending. Most midsize and smaller U.S. lenders will get a big break this year after the Fed said earlier this week that it would let them escape from one of the toughest parts of the exams. Banks are required to submit their capital plans and stress test results to the Fed by April 5. The central bank said it will announce the results before the end of June. The stress tests, which were introduced after the 2008 financial crisis, have driven capital levels higher as banks try to ensure they’re not among those buckling under the Fed’s nightmare scenarios. On Monday, the central bank said only the 13 biggest lenders will now face the so-called qualitative side of the tests, where many have been tripped up in the past. Sweeping Review The annual reviews required under the Dodd-Frank Act could be under a different sort of stress as President Donald Trump calls for a sweeping review of the 2010 law as part of an attack on what he sees as over-regulation. Though the stress tests weren’t specifically named, they were a core part in the post-crisis overhaul required by the law, and industry groups are waiting to see whether those and similar requirements get easier in the future. Trump is also weighing nominations for key positions including Fed vice chairman for supervision, though Fed Chair Janet Yellen has said she intends to stay at the helm until her term expires next year. In this year’s toughest stress-test scenario -- called “severely adverse” -- there would be a rise to 10 percent U.S. unemployment, a drop to near-zero interest rates and a global recession that would hammer corporate lending and commercial real estate, the Fed said. And in the less severe “adverse” scenario, banks would face a more moderate recession characterized by weaker economic activity across a wide swath of countries. The tests also subject banks to a baseline scenario that assumes conditions develop in line with economists’ forecasts. Greatest Beneficiaries The new rule exempting some regional banks and foreign lenders from the qualitative tests means they can’t be failed over their preparations for dealing with their management of capital and risk under crisis. The greatest beneficiaries may be U.S. units of Deutsche Bank and Banco Santander SA, which both failed last year because of “broad and substantial weaknesses across their capital planning processes.” That’s no longer a worry for this year, through Deutsche Bank will again face the qualitative side next year when more of its U.S. operations are subjected to the tests. The 21 regional and foreign banks that are now off the hook for the qualitative scrutiny still have to clear the quantitative side of the tests, meaning they must prove they can keep their capital above minimum levels in periods of economic stress. On the quantitative side of the test, the banks try to stay above that defined capital minimum. On the qualitative side, the Fed examines the management of a firm’s capital as it faces the different risks. Market Shocks For Wall Street banks, the annual process remains as tough as ever and often controls -- in real-world terms -- the amount of capital they work with. Banks with the largest trading operations face the additional burden of having to assume market shocks and trading-partner difficulties on top of their own adverse conditions. Last year’s results showed all banks had enough capital to handle a severe economic shock, though Morgan Stanley had to shore up its internal systems because the firm was close to the minimum in a key measure of leverage. Most giant banks have been able to improve their results as they’ve gotten more comfortable with the tests, and as a result they’ve been able to boost quarterly dividends. The Office of the Comptroller of the Currency also announced Friday it is using the same scenarios for the stress tests that agency oversees, which are self exams done by lenders with more than $10 billion in assets. © Copyright 2017 Bloomberg News. All rights reserved. Click Here to comment on this article Close  More ways to share... Stumbled LinkedIn Vine Reddit Delicious Newstrust Tell my politician Technocrati Short URL| Email Article| Comment| Contact| Print|     A   A    1Like our page 2Share Share StreetTalk Wall Street banks will have to show they could survive a major global recession as part of an annual Federal Reserve exercise aimed at ensuring the biggest lenders aren't vulnerable to a new financial crisis. wall street, fed, stress test, recession 776 Sunday, 05 Feb 2017 03:36 PM 2017-36-05 Around The Web Powered by Newsmax Join the Newsmax Community Register To Comment Login To Comment Please review Community Guidelines before posting a comment. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. blog comments powered by Disqus   Free Newsmax E-Alerts Email: Country: Zip Code: Privacy: We never share your email.   Mortgage Rates Get Today's Low Rates Widget Request a mortgage or refinance Powered by Take A Look At This Recommended by Newsmax Most Commented Apple, Google, Uber Join Fight Against Trump Travel Ban Monday, 06 Feb 2017 | 154 comments BOYCOTT THESE COMPANIES.... WSJ: US Companies Still Flock to Mexico Despite Trump Outrage Thursday, 09 Feb 2017 | 24 comments It makes good sense to move manufacturing to Mexico if you plan to sell... Kudlow: Trump Ban Isn't About Muslims or Business, 'It's About Terrorists' Wednesday, 08 Feb 2017 | 23 comments Actually, the travel restrictions are about keeping America SAFE!... Deutsche Bank: Trump Poised to Name China a 'Currency Manipulator' Wednesday, 08 Feb 2017 | 22 comments This is a free and competitive market and no one forces you to buy. Read... Gallup: Economic Confidence Index Hit New High as Trump Took Office Wednesday, 08 Feb 2017 | 17 comments We finally got a good business man as president that actually cares about...       To view this video please enable JavaScript, and consider upgrading to a web browser that supports HTML5 video Home   Street Talk   Personal Finance   Economy   Companies   Markets   Investing & Analysis   Insiders   Money Wire   Newsletters Newsmax, Moneynews, Newsmax Health, and Independent. American. are registered trademarks of Newsmax Media, Inc. Newsmax TV, and Newsmax World are trademarks of Newsmax Media, Inc. NEWSMAX.COM MONEYNEWS.COM © Newsmax Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved Contact | Advertise | Shop | RSS | Archives | Links | Privacy Policy | Terms & Conditions
Share 62 Tweet 0 Entertainment Movies TV Music Celebrity News Famous Relationships Rumors Movie Trailers Entertainment 2017-02-11 Jimmy Fallon V. Alec Baldwin: Whose Donald Trump Impression Is Best? [Video] Entertainment 2017-02-10 ‘The Bachelor’ Nick Viall Admits To Hiding Boners And Farting On Dates Entertainment 2017-02-09 BTS ‘Spring Day’ Teaser: Jin, Jimin, JK’s MV Death Flags Sets Fandom On Fire Entertainment, News, Sports 2017-02-09 Seth Rollins Injury May Turn Out To Be More Severe Than Was Previously Expected. News & Politics News Politics World Education Crime Business Green News Animal News News 2017-02-11 Russia Dossier On Donald Trump Has Been Corroborated By U.S. Investigators News 2017-02-11 Blue Ridge, Texas: Seaway Pipeline Spill Was The Second One In A Year News 2017-02-10 Snow Moon 2017: Lunar Eclipse Shines With Comet Tonight News 2017-02-10 San Franciscans To Go Naked For Valentine’s Day Nude Protest Sports Soccer Wrestling Basketball Football Sports Commentary Baseball Hockey MMA Basketball 2017-02-11 Kevin Durant Oklahoma City Return: Ex-Thunder Deserves Boos? Westbrook Weighs In Wrestling 2017-02-11 Updated ‘WWE Elimination Chamber’ 2017 Preview And Predictions Basketball 2017-02-10 Russell Westbrook, Kevin Durant Face Off For First Time In OKC — Will Fans Boo? Wrestling 2017-02-10 WWE News: Former Champion Recalls Vince McMahon’s Reaction Upon Quitting WWE Lifestyle LGBTQ Fashion Shopping Travel Food & Dining Parenting Religion Lifestyle 2017-02-10 7 NYC Valentine’s Day Prix-Fixe Menus You’ll Love Lifestyle 2017-02-10 Vacheron Constantin Teams With Hodinkee To Produce Limited Edition Watch Lifestyle 2017-02-09 National Pizza Day 2017: Free Pizza Dreams And Other Odd National Day Events Lifestyle 2017-02-06 Online Security: Stay Safe While Surfing The Web Health Health Health Studies Medicine Nutrition Health 2017-02-09 Indian Woman Cheats Death After Live Cockroach Pulled From Her Skull Health 2017-02-09 Male Contraceptive Gel Like ‘Reversible Vasectomy,’ Aiming For 2020 Release Health 2017-02-08 Norovirus: Infectious Even After We’re Well – And Hand Sanitizer Won’t Save Us Health 2017-02-07 Brew Up: Tea Has ‘Lifesaving’ Potential And Can Fight Off Killer Diseases Science & Tech Science Technology Geek Culture Gaming Space Discoveries Gadgets Gaming 2017-02-10 ‘For Honor’ Open Beta Now Available On PC, PlayStation 4, And Xbox One Gaming 2017-02-10 Gaming History: The Oldest Running MMORPG In The World Gaming 2017-02-10 Steam Greenlight Gets Red Lit: Valve Replaces Program With Steam Direct Gaming 2017-02-10 Gaming History: ‘Infinity: Battlescape’ And The Long Journey To Creation BuzzWorthy Online Videos Odd News Social Media Human Interest Aliens & UFOs Theories BuzzWorthy 2017-02-10 Indian ‘Stigmata’ Boy Perplexes Doctors, Teen Bleeds Randomly 10 Times A Day BuzzWorthy 2017-02-10 Kendra Sunderland’s Tinder Date: What The Former ‘Library Girl’ Has Been Up To BuzzWorthy 2017-02-10 ‘Pokemon GO’ Event For Valentine’s Day: Fill Your Pokedex Before Time Runs Out. BuzzWorthy 2017-02-10 Rosie O’Donnell Morphs Into Steve Bannon In New Twitter Profile Photo SUBSCRIBE Full RSS Feed Latest News Feed Entertainment News Feed Tech Feed World News Gaming Feed Sports Feed Funny & Strange Feed Health Feed Lifestyle Feed BuzzWorthy Feed Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Delivered To Your INBOX Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Email Address Or follow us online Facebook Twitter Google-plus Rss Bernie Sanders On Trump’s Fake Populism: ‘This Guy’s A Fraud’ [Opinion] Opinion 62 0 0 February 5, 2017 Bernie Sanders On Trump’s Fake Populism: ‘This Guy’s A Fraud’ [Opinion] Reno Berkeley The following article is entirely the opinion of Reno Berkeley and does not reflect the views of the Inquisitr. On Sunday morning, Vermont Senator Bernie Sanders appeared on CNN’s State of the Union with Jake Tapper and bluntly called Donald Trump a fraud, who misled to voters about his populist agenda. After a discussion on a variety of topics such as Trump’s apparent xenophobia, his misogynistic behavior, and the nomination of Judge Neil Gorsuch to the Supreme Court, Tapper asked Sanders about a proposed filibuster of the appointment. Bernie made it clear that he supported a requirement of 60 votes in order for the Senate to confirm Gorsuch. Sanders expressed concern that Trump’s new administration is acting in an authoritarian manner in attempts to overreach his office. He criticized the new president’s implication that U.S. District Court Judge James Robart is not a real judge because he ruled against Trump’s illegal travel ban, and expressed concern for workers’ rights, women’s rights, and for the environment under Trump. [Image by Pablo Martinez Monsivais/AP Images] Bernie Sanders then reiterated that he supports the 60-vote requirement to break a filibuster in order to approve Gorsuch. “I want a Supreme Court that’s going to stand up for civil liberties, for our constitutional rights, for the rights of workers, for environmental rights, for the rights of women. So yes, 60 votes to appoint the next Supreme Court Justice.” Tapper then showed Bernie a video of Trump telling JP Morgan Chase CEO Jamie Dimon that he would look into easing regulations from the Dodd-Frank act so more wealthy people could borrow more money. When Tapper asked him if he could see any upside to “relaxing any of the Dodd-Frank regulations,” Bernie chuckled for a moment before responding. “You know, it’s hard not to laugh to see President Trump alongside these Wall Street guys. I have to say this, Jake, and I … don’t mean to be disrespectful. This guy’s a fraud.” And Sanders is right. Donald Trump is a fraud. He’s the worst kind of fraud. He is a billionaire real estate mogul who surrounds himself with other billionaires and who ran on a populist platform of being a people’s president. Trump’s fraud began when he told his supporters he believed in policies and laws that would benefit the American people, and promised to fight the big banks, to build the Mexican wall, to bring manufacturing back, to “drain the swamp. And most importantly, he promised to make our country “great again.” Bernie was having none of it, though, and called out Trump’s hypocritical appointments. “This guy ran for President of the United States, saying, ‘I, Donald Trump, I’m gonna take on Wall Street’ … Then suddenly he appoints all these billionaires. His major financial adviser comes from Goldman Sachs.” Since Trump was elected president on November 8, Bernie Sanders has made it his mission to hold him accountable for his promises. As I wrote in a previous Inquisitr piece, Sanders promised to fight Trump ferociously against policies that hurt Americans, while also vowing to supporting his good policies. And thus far, Bernie has kept his word, in both Congress and on Twitter, the social media platform the new president favors. French protesting Trump. [Image by Kamil Zihnioglu/AP Images] Sanders criticized Trump’s education pick, Betsy DeVos. He voted against former ExxonMobil CEO Rex Tillerson. He condemned Trump’s Muslim travel ban and executive orders to reinstate the Keystone XL and to approve the Dakota Access Pipeline. Last week, Bernie commented on Trump’s speech, mocking the president’s interest in his television program over the well-being of Americans. “Congratulations to President Trump on his deep, spiritual awakening at the National Prayer Breakfast.” In early January, Sanders gave a speech on the Senate floor, during which he argued for increased spending on Medicare Medicaid and Social Security, which he said a vast majority of Americans support. He displayed a poster-sized tweet Trump had sent in December of 2015 supporting no cuts to Social Security, Medicare, or Medicaid, cornerstones of Trump’s campaign. Bernie likely already knew Trump was a fraud and was striking preemptively to ensure he did not soon forget his campaign promises. But it appears he has cast those promises on the wayside, with nearly 20 executive orders issued in his first two weeks as president. Bernie Sanders was one of the first in a growing number of federal legislators who are now speaking out against Donald Trump’s authoritarian power grab. Even so, saying Trump’s a fraud on national television is the kind of honesty and courage that drew millions of people to support Bernie in the primaries. Will Trump eventually “Feel the Bern” and change his ways? Unless he experiences a true spiritual awakening, probably not. For the time being, we’ll just repeat Bernie’s phrase: This guy’s a fraud. [Featured Image by John Minchillo/AP Images] Now Watch This: Jeff Sessions Confirmed By Senate As Attorney General Now Read This: Sanders Believes That Trump Could Move The U.S. Into ‘Authoritarian Mode’ Share 62 Tweet 0 Share 0 Share 0 Pin It 0 Author Reno Berkeley Tags: bernie sanders, Donald Trump February 9, 2017 ‘Days Of Our Lives’: Did Joseph Mascolo Return As Stefano DiMera? [Spoilers] February 4, 2017 ‘The Walking Dead’ Season 7B Spoilers: Will Carol Join The Fight? Comments LATEST HEADLINES Kevin Durant Oklahoma City Return: Ex-Thunder Deserves Boos? Westbrook Weighs In Gwen Stefani To Blake Shelton: ‘Be Nice’ To ‘The Voice’ Costar Adam Levine Sanders Believes That Trump Could Move The U.S. Into ‘Authoritarian Mode’ Russia Dossier On Donald Trump Has Been Corroborated By U.S. Investigators Bizarre Public Sex: Car Owner Discovers A Perverted Trio On His Vehicle Dusty Rose Makes Public Debut In Adam Levine’s Hollywood Walk Of Fame Ceremony Updated ‘WWE Elimination Chamber’ 2017 Preview And Predictions Spider-Man Won’t Be The Only Marvel Character New To ‘Avengers: Infinity War’ ‘The Walking Dead’ Producer Says Alexandria Will Be Heroes In Season 7B ‘Spy In The Wild’: New PBS Show Reveals Secret Life Of Animals [Video] Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Delivered To Your INBOX Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Email Address Or follow us online Facebook Twitter Google-plus Rss Follow Inquisitr Trending Stories ‘The Voice’ Fans Say They ‘Won’t Watch’ If Adam Levine And Blake Shelton Leave 6.4k 0 0 Comet, Eclipse, And Full Moon Set For Friday — How, Where, And When To Watch 5.2k 0 0 Danielle Stislicki Update: New Photos Released On Web Of Missing Michigan Woman 3.8k 0 0 Lady Gaga’s Belly Steals The Super Bowl Halftime Show 56.1k 0 0 Brad Pitt Reportedly Refused To Pay $100K A Month In Child Support To Angelina 3.2k 0 0 WWE News: Kurt Angle To Replace Mick Foley As ‘RAW’ General Manager? 2k 0 0 Recent Videos News Statue Of Liberty Beheaded By Trump On German Magazine Cover Politics Donald Trump Reacts On Twitter To “Ridiculous” Court Decision Politics Nancy Pelosi Calls Steve Bannon A “White Supremacist” Politics Donald Trump’s Solution To Supreme Court Gridlock Is “Go Nuclear” Entertainment Celebrity News TV Famous Relationships Movie Trailers Movies Music Online Videos Rumors Lifestyle Shopping Travel Fashion Food & Dining Geek Culture Parenting Religion Health Health Studies Medicine Nutrition News Politics Animal News Education Green News Media Industry Odd News World South America Africa Asia Australia News Canada Europe Middle East Odd News Pics Opinion Sports Baseball Basketball Boxing Football Golf Hockey MMA NASCAR Soccer Tennis Science Discoveries Space Theories Technology Automotive Green Tech Gadgets Mobile Gaming Business Social Media Start-up BuzzWorthy Info About Advertising Write for Inquisitr Privacy Policy Contact Connect Facebook Twitter Delivered To Your INBOX Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Email Address All content © 2008 - 2017 The Inquisitr News.
Top News National City Islamabad Karachi Lahore Muzaffarabad Opinion Editorial Articles Voice of People Contributors Zahid Malik M Ziauddin Masood Khan Gen (R) Mirza Aslam Beg Bipin Dani Gen (R) Mirza Aslam Beg Khalid Saleem Kuldip Nayar M D Nalapat M Ziauddin Masood Khan Robert Clements Salahuddin Haider Sultan M Hali The Spirit Of Islam Zahid Malik Sultan M Hali Khalid Saleem M D Nalapat Kuldip Nayar Bipin Dani Salahuddin Haider Robert Clements Business Economy Watch Islamic Banking & Finance Sports World Health e-paper Social Diary Search Home Contact Us LOG IN Welcome! Log into your account Forgot your password? Recover your password Pakistan Observer Top News National City Islamabad Karachi Lahore Muzaffarabad Opinion Editorial Articles Voice of People Contributors Zahid Malik M Ziauddin Masood Khan Gen (R) Mirza Aslam Beg AllBipin DaniGen (R) Mirza Aslam BegKhalid SaleemKuldip NayarM D NalapatM ZiauddinMasood KhanRobert ClementsSalahuddin HaiderSultan M HaliThe Spirit Of IslamZahid Malik National Russian diplomats day was indeed a moving event Articles Jayalalithaa Jayaram passes into history Articles India’s disenchantment with Modi Articles Valentine Day is superstition Sultan M Hali Khalid Saleem M D Nalapat Kuldip Nayar Bipin Dani Salahuddin Haider Robert Clements Business Economy Watch Islamic Banking & Finance Sports World Health e-paper Social Diary Home Economy Watch US stocks back in record range after solid jobs data Economy Watch US stocks back in record range after solid jobs data By Webmaster - February 5, 2017 0 17 Share on Facebook Tweet on Twitter New York US stocks returned to record territory Friday following a solid jobs report and a move by President Donald Trump to roll back banking regulations enacted after the 2008 financial crisis. The Nasdaq finished at a fresh record, while the S&P 500 climbed to within a point of a new peak and the Dow vaulted back above 20,000 points. Equity markets also rose in London, Paris and Frankfurt. Tokyo was flat. Trump ordered a review of key reforms enacted after the 2008 financial crisis, in the first step towards scaling back toughened regulations on the banking industry. The moves could result in lower costs for compliance and clear away rules that restrict investments from proprietary accounts. Shares of major banks, including JPMorgan Chase and Goldman Sachs surged three percent or more, while the broader market also took heart from Trump’s focus on an economic issue after several contentious moves on immigration and trade. “There was a whole a ton of really disappointing moves by the Trump administration and the market did not really sell off that much, and then you get just small pieces of positive news from them and the market goes up quite a bit,” said Karl Haeling, Landesbank Baden-Wuerttemberg. Markets were also buoyed by the January US jobs report, which included a better-than-expected 227,000 new jobs, keeping up the positive trends from the Obama years into the start of the term of President Donald Trump. Analysts said the report, while solid, was not likely strong enough to alter the Federal Reserve’s plan to only increase interest rates gradually. The report showed only modest wage growth. The dollar retreated against the euro and the pound. “Weaker wage growth takes a March rate hike off the table for the time being especially in light of the Fed’s less hawkish views,” said BK Asset Management managing director Kathy Lien. “The mixed jobs report and lack of unambiguous optimism hurt the dollar and could keep it under pressure in the new trading week.” Macy’s gained 6.4 percent following reports it was in early talks towards a possible acquisition by Canada’s Hudson’s Bay. The news comes on the heels of announcements of job cuts and store closures by Macy’s, which has struggled to transition to the e-commerce era. Hudson’s Bay climbed 3.9 percent in Toronto. Amazon dropped 3.5 percent after it reported fourth-quarter net income jumped 55.3 percent to $749 million. However, revenues during the key holiday season came in a billion dollars shy of expectations at $43.7 billion.—APP Share this: Print Email Tweet Related SHARE Facebook Twitter tweet Previous articleReservations of industrialists Next articleBanking shares surge, Nasdaq hits record Webmaster RELATED ARTICLESMORE FROM AUTHOR Economy Watch SECP urges PSX to work for investors’ protection Economy Watch KSE-100 index remains positive Economy Watch Turkish firm to set up 200MW solar power plant in Bahawalpur Digital Newspaper Social Diary Bahawalpur City of Education and Palaces Management Founder: Zahid Malik Editor-in-Cheif: Faisal Zahid Malik Executive Editor: Gauhar Zahid Malik Editor Social Diary: Sadia Zahid Malik E-Mail : socialdiarymag@gmail.com magazinesocialdiary@hotmail.com Resident Editor Lahore: Khalid Butt E-Mail: obslhr@pakobserver.net Resident Editor Peshawar: Tariq Saeed E-Mail: obspwr@pakobserver.net Group Director : Khurram Jaffrani E-Mail: khurram_jaffrani@hotmail.com Director Marketing : Naveed Ahmad Khan Cell # 0300-5129008 Contact Us Online Edition : Q Malik / Ch Imran Zafar E-Mail: webmaster@pakobserver.net Islamabad: 051-2852027, 051-2852028 E-Mail : observer@pakobserver.net Karachi: 021-35308446-49 E-Mail : obskhi@pakobserver.net Lahore: 042-36306666, 36303333 E-Mail : obslhr@pakobserver.net ABOUT USHead Office Address: Daily Pakistan Observer, Ali AKbar House , Markez G-8, Islamabad Contact us: observer@pakobserver.net FOLLOW US Home Health Voice of People © Copy Rights Reserved . Daily Pakistan Observer MORE STORIES Paracha elected APCNGA’s central chairman September 30, 2016 Saudi investors keen to invest in joint ventures sectors: Envoy December 8, 2016 Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
“No warning can save people determined to grow suddenly rich” – Lord Overstone Home Articles Authors Search About Us HOME / Articles / Adam Taggart / A Murderous Complacency A Murderous Complacency By: Adam Taggart | Sun, Feb 5, 2017 Share Print Email Dark omens are circling everywhere in today's markets murder: a flock of crows ~ Miriam-Webster dictionary Many view the appearance of crows as an omen of death because ravens and crows are scavengers and are generally associated with dead bodies, battlefields, and cemeteries, and they’re thought to circle in large numbers above sites where animals or people are expected to soon die. ~ "Nature", PBS.org Running PeakProsperity.com requires me to read and process a lot of data on a daily basis. As it's hard to digest it all in real-time, I keep a running list of charts, tables and articles that catch my attention, to return to when I have the time to give them my full focus. Lately, that list has been getting quite long. And it's largely full of indicators that concern me; signals that the long era of "extend and pretend" in today's markets may finally be at its terminus. Like crows circling overhead, every day brings with it new worrisome statistics that portend an ill change ahead. Indeed, these omens are increasing so quickly now that it's hard not to feel like Tippi Hedren in Hitchcock's suspense classic The Birds: So what are the data that make me think these crows will soon be feasting on the carcass of the great bull market that has powered stock, bonds, real estate and most other asset classes to record highs since 2009? Rogue's Gallery Complacent Investors Investors have enjoyed remarkably gentle treatment by the stock markets over the past half-decade. Retracements have occurred much less frequently than historical norms, and have been shallow and short-lived when they happened. Tom Lee, head of research at Fundstrat and often referred to as "Wall Street's biggest bull" notes that 2016 was the mildest year on record for the S&P 500, with only 7 days in which the index traded at less than 3% of its 52-week high. Similarly, the 2013-2016 period has seen the lowest volatility of any 4-year stretch in history: Larger Image Lee notes that despite the record calm, annual returns are moderating. As conditions begin to mean-revert, he worries that lower prices are ahead and is predicting a 5-7% market correction in the first half of 2017. JP Morgan's lead quant Marko Kalanovic also issues a striking similar warning: "Following the recent rally, a level of risk complacency has started to set in. The ratio of S&P 500 Puts to Calls has dropped to a ~3 year low, and the VIX reached near-record lows of ~10. " He, too, is calling for a ~5% pullback in the first half of this year. Bizarre Price Action Assets like stocks are (or, at least, are supposed to be) valued based on expectations of income. If income is increasing, then so should prices. But that's not what we're seeing. The famed Dow Jones Industrial Average hit 20,000 for the first time ever on January 25th. Things must be going great, right? Well, not that great. Wolf Richter shows that the total aggregate revenues for the 30 companies that make up this index was actually lower in 2016 than in every year from 2011 onwards: Hmmm. Well, revenue isn't everything. At the end of the day, it's earnings that matter. Perhaps corporate America is becoming more efficient and posting record profits. Nope. (Source) We're seeing a clear trend of rising prices in the face of lagging performance. One of those will need to correct. Which seems more likely? Dismal Outlook For Future Returns John Hussman was been warning us for years that QE/etc has pulled all the value of future returns into present asset prices. Today's investor has to make a choice: either buy now and expect no/low returns for the next 10 years; or wait for a price correction in the markets and then buy at low valuations to get appreciation from there. Lance Roberts visualizes this pickle in the chart below, which shows that, historically, markets as richly-priced as today's have offered sub-par annual returns for the following decade: Source As you can also see from the above chart, the S&P spends at lot less time at price-to-earnings (P/E) ratios above 20 as it does below. At today's average P/E of 28+, prices have a long way to fall when a return to historic averages occurs. Complacent Consumers Like investors, consumers' worries about the future have dissipated as borrowing rates have lowered, and home and 401k prices have risen. Consumer confidence hit a 16-year high in December, surpassing levels preceding the 2008 financial crisis: Source Note how confidence levels at this current height are nearly always followed soon after by recession. Bubblicious Housing Prices The latest Case-Shiller home price index report shows that US housing prices have, in aggregate, for the first time exceeded their previous peak seen right before the 2007 collapse: Source Are current prices unsustainably high? Very likely. But what's not up for debate is an important point Zero Hedge makes about the above chart. It's latest data point is from November 2016 (that's the most recent Case-Shiller data available as of now). Mortgage rates have spiked dramatically since then. Given the mathematical 'see saw' relationship between home prices and mortgage rates, the most likely future trajectory for this chart is downwards. Unbalanced Bets The net result of all the above is that the vast majority of investment capital is crowded into the same trades. Trades, mind you, that anticipate the recent near-magical era of historically-low volatility and historically-high stock prices will continue unabated for the foreseeable future. As in sailing, whenever everyone crowds to the same side of the boat, folks usually end up wet: Source So is it any surprise that those with a superior record of profitable trading (due, usually, to unfair advantage -- but that's a different story) are positioned very differently than the herd? Sentiment Trader's Smart Money/Dumb Money Confidence index is showing an historically extreme divergence, with the "dumb money" betting on a continued rally and the "smart money" anticipating a decline: A Reality-Check Given the multiplying and shrilly-squawking omens of hubris and overconfidence in today's hyper-extended markets -- a murder of complacencies, if you will -- we conclude we've reached the point in this storyline where the suspense has risen to its zenith, and the real violence then begins. Hitchcock would be proud. We reiterate our advice to prepare for approaching mayhem in the markets. If you have money in stocks and bonds (in a brokerage account, retirement account, pension, trust, etc), please make sure you are working with a financial professional who is taking the above risks in mind in their approach to managing your portfolio (if you're having trouble finding one who is, consider scheduling a free consultation with the adviser we endorse). If you're a homeowner, prepare for the probability of lower prices ahead. If you're thinking of selling your house in the near future, you may want to move up your timetable. Conversely, if you're a potential buyer, ask yourself if you can afford to wait until a correction offers better bargains. Of course, a major market correction doesn't just affect the prices of stock, bonds, and housing. Through repercussions like job layoffs, company closures, cuts to social programs, and the like -- the mood and functioning of society at large is impacted. And we're not the only ones concerned about what the future holds. Our recent report When The Rich Become Preppers, It's Time To Worry is a must-read for understanding that the average Joe is being played for a sucker by today's "everything is awesome" meme. Those executives who run the companies we hold stock in? They're furiously preparing for a future of social unrest.   Click here to read When The Rich Become Preppers, It's Time To Worry (free to all)     Tweet Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Author: Adam Taggart Adam Taggart Peak Prosperity Adam is the President and Co-Founder of Peak Prosperity. Basically, his job is to handle the business side of things so that Chris is free to think & write. Adam is an experienced Silicon Valley internet executive and Stanford MBA. Prior to partnering with Chris (Adam was General Manager of the earlier site, ChrisMartenson.com), Adam was a Vice President at Yahoo!, a company he served for nine years. Before that he did the 'startup thing' (mySimon.com, sold to CNET in 2001). As a fresh-faced college graduate, he got a first-hand look at all that was broken with Wall Street as an investment banking analyst. Most important, he's a devoted husband and dad. Copyright © 2013-2017 Peak Prosperity All Images, XHTML Renderings, and Source Code Copyright © Safehaven.com Great Resources BLOOMBERG CBS MARKETWATCH CNBC CNN MONEY NASDAQ COMMUNITY OIL PRICE SILICON INVESTOR SMART MONEY THE STREET YAHOO FINANCE   ARMSTRONG ECONOMICS CREDIT BUBBLE BULLETIN PETER SCHIFF PEAK PROSPERITY FALLSTREET BIGCHARTS STOCKCHARTS BULLANDBEARWISE SHARELYNX   MAJOR US INDICES WORLD MARKETS FX STREET FOREX TRADING GLOBEX KITCO BONDHEADS STOCK MAVEN   More links >>> About Safehaven Who is Safehaven? Disclaimer Contact Us Connect with Safehaven Follow @SafehavenDotCom Circle Us Please Read Our Disclaimer © 2000-2017 SafeHaven.com
PBS NEWSHOUR WATCH politics Shields and Brooks Supreme Court Vote 2016 Politics Monday arts Art Beat Poetry Where Poetry Lives Photo Essays nation Supreme Court Race Matters Essays Brief But Spectacular world Social Entrepreneurship economy Making Sen$e Social Security Ask the Headhunter Paul Solman science Science Wednesday Innovation and Invention Miles O’Brien health Long-Term Care education Teachers Teachers’ Lounge Student Reporting Labs teachers The Rundown TV SCHEDULE ABOUT US FEEDBACK PRESS SUBSCRIPTIONS PRIVACY JOB OPENINGS RECENT PROGRAMS POLITICS ARTS NATION WORLD ECONOMY SCIENCE HEALTH EDUCATION TEACHERS THE RUNDOWN SUBSCRIBE FOLLOW US A BLOG OF NEWS AND INSIGHT News Now: Health Supreme Court Vote 2016 Politics Boycotts, Trump’s tirades part of new business landscape EMAIL BY Julie Bykowicz, Associated Press  February 5, 2017 at 1:25 PM EST Uber CEO Travis Kalanick speaks to students during an interaction at the Indian Institute of Technology (IIT) campus in Mumbai, India, January 19, 2016. Photo by Danish Siddiqui/Reuters WASHINGTON (AP) — Uber’s CEO quit President Donald Trump’s business council. Nordstrom stopped selling Ivanka Trump’s fashion. Boeing, Lockheed Martin and Toyota, meanwhile, suffered through the discomfort of being on the receiving end of Trump Twitter tirades. The Trump era is a perilous new landscape for corporate America. Companies are feeling political pressure like never before, squeezed on one side by consumers who are boycotting products with any ties to the administration and on the other by the outspoken, social media-loving president. For most companies, the decision to get political used to be made after long, careful deliberations among a company’s leader, public relations team, lawyers and lobbyists. Now, in an increasingly divided America, companies may have no choice but to move quickly. “You have to understand your customers in real time because political ramifications are happening instantly,” said Matt Friedman, a crisis communications adviser based near Detroit who has worked with public and private companies. “Each business now has to look at where their customer fits into the political divide and how their company values align to what the president is doing on a day-to-day basis.” RELATED CONTENT Trump's CEO meetings raise concerns among ethics lawyers Once more, Ivanka Trump steps into spotlight for her father The predicament for companies was on display ahead of Trump’s first White House meeting Friday with his business forum, a group that includes General Motors CEO Mary Barra, JP Morgan CEO Jamie Dimon and a dozen others. The night before, Uber’s Travis Kalanick told his employees he’d decided to quit the council because his presence on it was being “misinterpreted” as an endorsement of the president. “I spent a lot of time thinking about this and mapping it to our values,” Kalanick told employees in an internal memo obtained by The Associated Press. Disney CEO Bob Iger didn’t attend either; instead he was at a company board meeting in California. A seat on a high-profile White House council, no matter the political party in power, has previously been a can’t-pass-up sign of prestige. It’s a direct way for a company to express opinions to the president – far less fraught than trying to gain access through lobbying or donating money. Trump said he intends to take advice from the council, which he said would meet regularly to discuss policies. Trump said he’d be seeking guidance on his plans to roll back the financial services legislation known as the Dodd-Frank bill from JP Morgan’s Dimon. “There’s nobody better to tell me about Dodd-Frank than Jamie,” he said Friday. But an audience with this president, at least at this stage, brings with it customer complications. No doubt weighing into Kalanick’s decision to give up that influence was the boycott the ride-sharing company, popular in urban, largely Democratic areas, had been experiencing all week. That campaign went viral on social media Saturday night when people perceived Uber as trying to break a taxi strike to and from New York’s John F. Kennedy Airport that was in response to Trump’s executive order suspending the country’s refugee program. It didn’t let up even after Uber publicly condemned Trump’s executive order and contributed to relief groups. Shannon Coulter, one of the organizers of the “Grab Your Wallet” social media effort to encourage boycotts of companies tied to Trump, said she would only be satisfied when Kalanick resigned from the presidential forum, saying: “This is not a ‘seat at the table’ moment. This is a flip-the-table moment.” Grab Your Wallet claimed another victory Thursday night when Nordstrom announced it had stopped selling first daughter Ivanka Trump’s fashion line. The company cited the brand’s performance. The department store was one of Grab Your Wallet’s first targets. Neiman Marcus also appears to have stopped selling her jewelry. “Companies have been late to the game with realizing how much ire it can create to associate with a person like Donald,” Coulter said. While the anti-Trump boycotters cheered Nordstrom, angry Trump supporters deluged the company with angry messages on Twitter – some saying they were now prepared to begin their own boycott. READ MORE: Column: The rise and fall of the U.S. corporation Nordstrom spent the night responding to hundreds of them, with messages like: “We’re so sorry to disappoint you. It’s not a political decision for us.” Maine-based retailer L.L. Bean faced the flip side of that. Linda Bean, one of many family members involved in the company, gave money to a pro-Trump super PAC during the campaign, prompting Grab Your Wallet to call for a boycott, which in turn prompted Trump to weigh in with a bit of social-media marketing. “Thank you to Linda Bean of L.L. Bean for your great support and courage. People will support you even more now. Buy L.L. Bean,” Trump tweeted last month, a few weeks before taking office. When they make a move that could be perceived as a knock on the president, companies like Nordstrom must calculate not only the financial impact of angering Trump supporters but also the possibility that Trump himself could take notice – spiraling the crisis to another level. Robert Passikoff, president of Brand Keys Inc., said CEOs are especially vulnerable now because technology allows people to protest and vent their anger without organizing a march, or even leaving their home. Among those who can weigh in with a few finger taps: the leader of the free world. “The direct communication from the president of the United States, with attacks on specific brands and specific people, is not something we’ve ever seen before,” he said. Just how much this new, perilous environment for CEOs will actually affect business in the long term is difficult to know. Shares of Lockheed fell sharply after the president tweeted in December that the cost of its F-35 fighter jets was “out of control,” then fell again after he complained about the military contractor at a news conference the next month. The stock quickly recovered both times. — Associated Press writers Bernard Condon in New York and Jill Colvin in Washington contributed to this report. SHARE ON FACEBOOK SHARE ON TWITTER SHARE VIA TEXT Donald Trump ivanka trump Uber PREVIOUS POST Asked about Putin, Trump says U.S. isn’t ‘so innocent’ NEXT POST Indiana, Pence’s home state, seeks federal OK to keep Medicaid expansion Are you aware of our comment policy? PBS NewsHour allows open commenting for all registered users, and encourages discussion amongst you, our audience. However, if a commenter violates our terms of use or abuses the commenting forum, their comment may go into moderation or be removed entirely. We reserve the right to remove posts that do not follow these basic guidelines: comments must be relevant to the topic of the post; may not include profanity, personal attacks or hate speech; may not promote a business or raise money; may not be spam. Anything you post should be your own work. The PBS NewsHour reserves the right to read on the air and/or publish on its website or in any medium now known or unknown the comments or emails that we receive. By submitting comments, you agree to the PBS Terms of Use and Privacy Policy, which include more details. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. READ THIS NEXT Here’s what the Mexico border wall looks like now SUBSCRIBE FOLLOW US SUPPORT FOR PBS NEWSHOUR PROVIDED BY SUBSCRIBE PODCAST: ITUNES | XML HEADLINE FEEDS: XML | ALL BROADCAST REPORTS Top Trump aide reportedly talked sanctions with Russian envoy How Smokey Robinson knows a good song when he sees one News Wrap: Trump to possibly offer new order on immigration What’s the future of relations with China, Japan under Trump? As HHS secretary, Tom Price has significant powers to change health care Shields and Brooks on immigration ban court defeat, Democrats’ confirmation hearing backlash PBS NewsHour full episode Feb. 10, 2017 MOST READ MOST DISCUSSED 1 Shields and Brooks on immigration ban court defeat, Democrats’ confirmation hearing opposition 2 What engineers are doing about the 300-foot hole in California's Oroville Dam spillway 3 Top Trump aide reportedly talked sanctions with Russian envoy 4 Here’s what the Mexico border wall looks like now 5 What’s the future of relations with China, Japan under Trump? 1 U.S. appeals court refuses to reinstate Trump’s travel ban 2 Angry voters flood town halls of GOP lawmakers 3 Protest marks public school visit by new education secretary 4 How the House science committee may try to weaken the EPA 5 Here’s what the Mexico border wall looks like now Loading... WATCH FULL BROADCASTS LISTEN FULL AUDIO PODCASTS SUPPORT FOR PBS NEWSHOUR PROVIDED BY TOPICS RECENT PROGRAMS POLITICS ARTS NATION WORLD ECONOMY SCIENCE HEALTH EDUCATION TEACHERS TV LISTINGS ABOUT US PRESS FEEDBACK SUBSCRIPTIONS PRIVACY JOB OPENINGS © 1996 - 2017 NewsHour Productions LLC. All Rights Reserved. Support the kind of journalism done by the NewsHour... Become a member of your local PBS station.
NEWS24  |   OLX  |   PROPERTY24  |   CAREERS24  |   SPREE  |     Search Terry Bell's Inside Labour The reinstatement of a union's registrar highlights areas of deep concern, says Terry Bell. Simplify for success Ian Mann examines two types of simplification through descriptions of well-known businesses. An era of realignment Can SA fill the global gap to elect people who will lead from the front, asks Solly Moeng. Home Companies Advertising Agribusiness Financial Services Health ICT Industrial Investment Holdings Mining Property Retail Travel & Leisure Markets Markets News Sens Commodities Currencies Equities News International Economy Budget 2016 South Africa Eskom Africa World Labour Q&A with Terry Bell Tech News Companies Mobile Opinion Multimedia Money Debt Insurance Medical Aid Money Clinic Money management Property Retirement Savings & Investments Tax Entrepreneurs Ask the experts Entrepreneur profiles Franchising Getting started MyBusiness News Opinion & Analysis Tips & Tools Opinion Columnists MyFin24 BizNews Finweek Mining Indaba ZAR/AUD 10,26 (-0.21%) ZAR/EUR 14,22 (0.88%) ZAR/GBP 16,7 (0.68%) ZAR/JPY 0,12 (1.67%) ZAR/USD 13,38 (0.34%) GOLD 1233,15 (0.15%) OIL 56,64 (1.67%) PALLADIUM 783,5 (1.29%) PLATINUM 1009 (-0.88%) SILVER 17,94 (1.47%) FTSE/JSE All Share 52687,29 (1.51%) FTSE/JSE Financial 15 15037,66 (1.95%) FTSE/JSE Industrial 25 67255,24 (1.39%) FTSE/JSE Resource 10 34433,6 (1.79%) FTSE/JSE Top 40 45756,81 (1.65%) All data is delayed Loading... See More We’re currently experiencing serious technical problems on the site, and as a result are unable to update the news – even though our market data is running as per normal. We sincerely apologise for any inconvenience caused and hope to be up and running again this evening. Thank you for your patience in this regard. – David McKay (editor) & team Miners head to SA, but leave cheque books at home Feb 05 2017 19:24 Kevin Crowley and Thomas Biesheuvel, Bloomberg News Delegates talk in front of a display of a mine at Africa's biggest annual mining conference, last year's Investing in African Mining Indaba. (Rodger Bosch, AFP File) Company Data Sibanye Gold Limited [JSE:SGL] Last traded 30 Change 0 % Change -1 Cumulative volume 4907988 Market cap 0 Last Updated: 10-02-2017 at 05:00. Prices are delayed by 15 minutes. Source: McGregor BFA View company snapshot for more news and data SOUTH32 LIMITED [JSE:S32] Last traded 26 Change 0 % Change 1 Cumulative volume 3986268 Market cap 0 Last Updated: 10-02-2017 at 05:05. Prices are delayed by 15 minutes. Source: McGregor BFA View company snapshot for more news and data GOLD FIELDS LIMITED [JSE:GFI] Last traded 45 Change -2 % Change -3 Cumulative volume 3696883 Market cap 0 Last Updated: 10-02-2017 at 05:00. Prices are delayed by 15 minutes. Source: McGregor BFA View company snapshot for more news and data Related Articles Investor interest in mining in Africa surges Lily mine accident: Law must take its course, says Zwane Trevor Manuel: Mining industry must innovate to survive Mining Indaba is more relevant in bust than in boom - MD African resource rich countries are ‘addicts in need of rehab’ New fund targets empowering junior SA mines   Cape Town - With its iconic mountain, beaches and vineyards, it’s easy to attract global mining bosses and fund managers to Cape Town. Yet as thousands of executives, shareholders and officials flock to South Africa for the annual Mining Indaba, the industry’s investments are flowing the opposite way. A mix of shrinking reserves, rising labour costs, frequent stoppages and regulatory uncertainty has prompted major miners to rethink their presence in the country, home to the world’s largest platinum, chrome and manganese reserves and the source of one-third of all gold ever mined. Anglo American [JSE:AGL], once a keystone of the economy, is selling half its assets in the country, while BHP Billiton [JSE:BIL] and Gold Fields [JSE:GFI] both spun off their local operations in the past four years. AngloGold Ashanti [JSE:ANG] tried to do the same. South Africa, which was the world’s largest gold producer for a century until 2007, has now dropped to sixth place. “They’re difficult mines in a tough operating environment with wage inflation constantly eating away at margins,” said Neil Gregson, who manages about $2.5bn of natural-resources stocks at JPMorgan Asset Management in London. “Increasingly, you need specialised management teams to run those assets. We don’t see any growth there.” About 6 000 attendees are expected at the Mining Indaba, which starts on February 6. Executives from companies including Anglo American, Rio Tinto Group, AngloGold Ashanti and South32 [JSE:S32] are scheduled to speak at the event, Africa’s biggest resource industry conference. READ: Investor interest in mining in Africa surges As the largest miners shift their priorities elsewhere, investors are valuing South Africa-focused stocks more cheaply than global peers. The FTSE/JSE Africa Mining Index trades at 1.3 times book value, compared with 1.9 times for the Bloomberg World Mining Index. The measure for South African stocks has been at a discount to the figure for the global index for the past five years, except for during one month in 2013. Even Sibanye Gold [JSE:SGL], the locally focused spin off from Gold Fields, chose to go to the US for its largest acquisition to date. The company had previously stated its intention to buy in its home country or elsewhere in Africa and took investors by surprise in December with a plan to buy Montana-based Stillwater Mining for $2.2bn. “They’ve chosen to go overseas for the acquisition rather than something closer to home, it shows you how politically difficult it is to close things in South Africa,” said Michael Rawlinson, co-head of metals and mining investment banking at Barclays, which lends money to Sibanye. Many of the South African mining industry’s problems stem from its turbulent and oppressive past. Mines, particularly gold, were largely built on the basis of cheap labour, minimal safety standards and plentiful electricity, with profits flowing to their white owners to the exclusion of the black majority. White minority rule under apartheid ended in 1994. Above-inflation wage increases To redress the inequity of apartheid, the government wants mining companies to be 26% owned by black investors, even if those investors later sell their stakes. Companies argue this will lead to continual dilution. “Security over tenure is a concern for us,” JPMorgan’s Gregson said. After more than a century of intensive mining, resources have been depleted, unions have commanded above-inflation wage increases, safety breaches are drawing increased scrutiny from government and power is increasingly expensive. The industry made its first net loss since at least 2009 in the year through June, as commodity prices plunged, according to PricewaterhouseCoopers. Gold production in the country declined by almost half to 144.5 metric tons and output of platinum-group metals dropped 11% in the decade to 2015, according to the Chamber of Mines. Labour costs, which make up a third of the industry’s overall expenses, almost tripled to R117bn ($8.8bn) a year. Still, mining makes up about half of the country’s export earnings. Safety stoppages The government has also irked companies by imposing what they say are unnecessary safety stoppages that cost production. At up to 4km below ground, the country’s gold mines are the deepest and among the most dangerous in the world, typically employing thousands of workers mainly using hand-held drills. READ: INFOGRAPHIC: Descend into the world’s deepest gold mine - in SA If international investors and mining companies are deterred by South Africa’s challenges, locals may be willing to step in. Patrice Motsepe, executive chairperson of African Rainbow Minerals [JSE:ARC] and who had success buying unwanted gold mines in the late 1990s, said last month he’s once again looking to snap up unloved South African assets. “South Africa has good infrastructure, it’s got great technical skills, it’s got a long history of mining,” Barclays’s Rawlinson said. “But that long history means the best deposits have already been developed. To compensate for that it needs to be easy. That easiness is gone.”Read Fin24's top stories trending on Twitter: Fin24’s top stories Follow Fin24 on Twitter, Facebook, Google+ and Pinterest. 24.com encourages commentary submitted via MyNews24. Contributions of 200 words or more will be considered for publication. We reserve editorial discretion to decide what will be published. WHAT TO READ NEXT {{item.title}} Read more about:    mining indaba 2017  |  cape town  |  sa economy  |  mining  |  investors NEXT ON FIN24X Mechanise or die out, Chamber of Mines warns 2017-02-09 14:45 Share this page Yahoo! Google Digg del.icio.us Facebook Tweet         Most ReadEditor's Choice 11 of the most hilarious memes from #SONA2017 Jonas is a blatant liar, says Ajay Gupta in court papers Gordhan's Gupta court battle comes to a head Zuma blames top four banks for controlling economy Lynne Brown: We have a problem, Mr President SONA, the budget and succession Debate heats up over NHI and medical aid schemes How SA is changing: Leadership, influence and land ownership An era of realignment – where does SA stand? How you could get banned on Twitter Company Snapshot We're talking about: SMALL BUSINESS From fossils to finance – that’s been the career trajectory of Dr Merrill van der Walt, a palaeontologist until recently. She is now a statistician with a difference.   Related links: French collaboration making a difference in Mitchells Plain Tech start-up space not for the faint hearted Get the latest with Fin24 Tech 11 of the most hilarious memes from #SONA2017 2017-02-10 12:30 Chaotic scenes from the State of the Nation Address once again trended nationally on social media with many taking the opportunity to share their humour about the event. Please Call Me never treated as income generative - Vodacom Samsung’s Note 7 battery supplier has fire at China factory Here is where UberEATS is expanding to in SA More Tech Home| Multimedia| News Follow Fin24 Money Clinic What is reckless lending? Investment 101 Paying off two credit cards Debt free, but can't get a clearance certificate What's the best savings plan for me? Do you have a question about your finances? We'll get an expert opinion. Click here... Voting Booth Do you agree that the mining charter is the necessary tool for transformation? Yes No I don't care Yes 15% 49 votes 15 No 62% 209 votes 62 I don't care 23% 77 votes 23 Previous results · Suggest a vote Services Money Clinic Get your financial questions answered. RSS Feeds News delivered really simply. Calculators Easy-to-use personal finance tools. Newsletters You choose what you want. Contact us Lost? Confused? Problems? Let us help you. Data supplied by: RSS feeds  |  Terms & Conditions  |  Advertise on Fin24  |  About us  |  Contact us
Saturday, February 11, 2017 1:04 PM Daily Newspaper published by GPPC Doha, Qatar. Login Sign up Sign Out MENU HOME Qatar Region International Business Sport Community Opinion Media PDF Classifieds SpotLight NewsWall My News Home Qatar Region International Business Sport Community Opinion Media PDF Classifieds SpotLight NewsWall MY NEWS Please sign in now. Email: Password: Confirmation Code: Activate account Resend confirmation code Forgot your password? Don't have an account? Sign up Please Sign up Now. Activate account Resend confirmation code play pause Mining bosses head to South Africa but leave their checkbooks at home February 05 2017 07:55 PM Business RELATED STORIES Hundreds of families leave Iraq camps for Mosul return Eskom chief resigns over graft scandal Union backs Ramaphosa as next South Africa president Sam Warburton confirmed as rugby captain of Wales Bodies of illegal miners retrieved 2020 Games Livestock Department Anurag Thakur flight cancellations Visitors pass a sign at the entrance to the offices of Anglo American in Johannesburg. Anglo American is selling half its assets in South Africa, while BHP Billiton and Gold Fields both spun off their local operations in the past four years. Text Size: A A A Bloomberg/Johannesburg With its iconic mountain, beaches and vineyards, it’s easy to attract global mining bosses and fund managers to Cape Town. Yet as thousands of executives, shareholders and officials flock to South Africa for the annual Mining Indaba, the industry’s investments are flowing the opposite way. A mix of shrinking reserves, rising labour costs, frequent stoppages and regulatory uncertainty has prompted major miners to rethink their presence in the country, home to the world’s largest platinum, chrome, and manganese reserves and the source of one-third of all gold ever mined. Anglo American, once a keystone of the economy, is selling half its assets in the country, while BHP Billiton and Gold Fields both spun off their local operations in the past four years. AngloGold Ashanti tried to do the same. South Africa, which was the world’s largest gold producer for a century until 2007, has now dropped to sixth place. “They’re difficult mines in a tough operating environment with wage inflation constantly eating away at margins,” said Neil Gregson, who manages about $2.5bn of natural-resources stocks at JPMorgan Asset Management in London. “Increasingly, you need specialised management teams to run those assets. We don’t see any growth there.” About 6,000 attendees are expected at the Mining Indaba, which starts February 6. Executives from companies including Anglo American, Rio Tinto Group, AngloGold Ashanti and South32 are scheduled to speak at the event, Africa’s biggest resource industry conference. As the largest miners shift their priorities elsewhere, investors are valuing South Africa-focused stocks more cheaply than global peers. The FTSE/JSE Africa Mining Index trades at 1.3 times book value, compared with 1.9 times for the Bloomberg World Mining Index. The measure for South African stocks has been at a discount to the figure for the global index for the past five years, except for during one month in 2013. Even Sibanye Gold, the locally focused spin off from Gold Fields, chose to go to the US for its largest acquisition to date. The company had previously stated its intention to buy in its home country or elsewhere in Africa and took investors by surprise in December with a plan to buy Montana-based Stillwater Mining Co for $2.2bn. “They’ve chosen to go overseas for the acquisition rather than something closer to home, it shows you how politically difficult it is to close things in South Africa,” said Michael Rawlinson, co-head of metals and mining investment banking at Barclays, which lends money to Sibanye. Many of the South African mining industry’s problems stem from its turbulent and oppressive past. Mines, particularly gold, were largely built on the basis of cheap labour, minimal safety standards and plentiful electricity, with profits flowing to their white owners to the exclusion of the black majority. White minority rule under apartheid ended in 1994. To redress the inequity of apartheid, the government wants mining companies to be 26% owned by black investors, even if those investors later sell their stakes. Companies argue this will lead to continual dilution. “Security over tenure is a concern for us,” JPMorgan’s Gregson said. After more than a century of intensive mining, resources have been depleted, unions have commanded above-inflation wage increases, safety breaches are drawing increased scrutiny from government and power is increasingly expensive. The industry made its first net loss since at least 2009 in the year through June, as commodity prices plunged, according to PricewaterhouseCoopers. Gold production in the country declined by almost half to 144.5 metric tonnes and output of platinum-group metals dropped 11% in the decade to 2015, according to the Chamber of Mines. Labour costs, which make up a third of the industry’s overall expenses, almost tripled to 117bn rand ($8.8bn) a year. Still, mining makes up about half of the country’s export earnings. 0 COMMENTS There are no comments. LEAVE A COMMENT Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked* Your Comment (must be logged in)* *You must register and complete fields Please you have to log in POST COMMENT MORE NEWS Saab offers high-tech jet production hub to India READ MORE RBA lowers Australia’s short-term growth forecast READ MORE Saab offers to build modern fighter jet factory in India READ MORE Walt Disney seeking control of Euro Disney READ MORE Opec nations complying with agreed output cuts, says IEA READ MORE Europe markets shine on Trump tax cut pledge READ MORE Reckitt finalises deal to buy Mead Johnson for $16.6bn READ MORE Renault net profit jumps 19.7% to $3.77bn in 2016 READ MORE HSBC to seek wealth management asset acquisitions this year READ MORE play pause Top News Australia battles 50 fires in heat wave, sparking warning, blackout fears 2/11/2017 10:18:20 AM Tourist critically injured in Hong Kong subway arson attack 2/11/2017 8:39:00 AM Trump vows new security steps after court setback 2/11/2017 12:22:22 AM Driving test mandatory for all expats 2/11/2017 12:22:57 AM Health centres hold events to mark World Cancer Day 2/10/2017 9:25:39 PM POPULAR LATEST Driving test mandatory for all expats Qatar Feb 11, 2017 Rain, strong wind forecast today Qatar Feb 11, 2017 Dutch prosecutors seek 11 years in cyberbully case International Feb 9, 2017 Light showers expected in Qatar on Friday Qatar Feb 9, 2017 Skies come alive as Al Khor Fly-In 2017 takes off Qatar Feb 10, 2017 Al Khor air show spurs aviation dreams Qatar Feb 10, 2017 Anti-government protest hits Nigerian capital International Feb 9, 2017 Driving test mandatory for all expats Qatar Feb 11, 2017 IS executes 5 Egyptians accused of aiding army Region Feb 11, 2017 Brazil police protest spreads to Rio US/Latin America Feb 11, 2017 Saab offers high-tech jet production hub to India Business Feb 11, 2017 Leaders Lekhwiya held by Rayyan in a tense 1-1 draw Sport Feb 10, 2017 Going forward by walking backwards Culture Feb 10, 2017 Compensation for dying in harness Opinion Feb 10, 2017 HAPPENING IN DOHAMore Qatar Superstock 600 Championship Round 3 23/3/2017 Motocross World Championship 24/2/2017 Aspire Splash and Dash 12/2/2017 Fitness training 12/2/2017 Muhammad Ali: Tribute to a Legend 10/2/2017 All Rights Reserved © Gulf Times.Browse GULF TIMES on any device Mobile, tablet or ipad FOLLOW US GULF TIMES SITE MAP Qatar Region International Business Sport Community Opinion Media PDF Classifieds Spotlight Newswall My News Powered By Information About Us Contact Us Careers ADVERTISE IN GULF TIMES Newspaper Website SiteMap Site Content Usage
Newsroom Advertise News Alerts Weather School Closings (WJAC) My Account Search for: Select Home News Local News Top Stories National News International News Opinions Features Business News Election Marcellus Shale Health News Partner News Sports Local Sports National Sports PSU Sports News Spikes Obituaries Crime A & E Events Taste of Home Contest Classifieds Shop Weekly Circulars Grocery Coupons Gift Cards & More Half Off Deals Celebrations Celebrations Submission Clearfield-Lawrence Consolidation Home / News / Business News / Trump’s deregulation nation; Silicon Valley tackles immigration ban; Macy’s buzz Trump’s deregulation nation; Silicon Valley tackles immigration ban; Macy’s buzz Posted on Sunday, February 5, 2017 by CNN in Business News 1. Deregulation nation: Investors cheered an executive order signed by President Donald Trump on Friday that began to dismantle expansive Dodd-Frank reform of Wall Street. Bulls hope it will boost stocks through the week. Shares of big banks like JPMorgan, Wells Fargo and Citigroup rallied more than 2% each on Friday. Goldman Sachs popped over 4%. They’ll aim to keep the streak going — but they’ll need Congress’ help to actually repeal the bill. Trump’s promises to cut taxes, spend on infrastructure and slash regulation sent stocks surging after the election. But the president spent his early days focused on more controversial policies, such as a ban on travelers from seven Muslim-majority nations. He’s also taken an aggressive stance on trade. Those actions sent a chill through Wall Street, which had been crossing its fingers for a pivot to stimulus and regulatory reform. 2. What about tech? The standoff between Trump and tech leaders over the White House’s immigration ban will likely continue into next week. But for now, tech stocks are holding steady. Strong earnings boosted Facebook and Apple last week. Amazon and Netflix are also performing well this year. But investors will keep a watchful eye on Silicon Valley’s strained relationship with Washington, especially as industry leaders decide what further actions to take. Last week, Uber’s Travis Kalanick left the president’s business advisory council, and Amazon and Expedia joined a legal challenge to the travel ban. Apple is also weighing its legal options. 3. Macy’s buzz: A sale of the troubled but iconic retailer may be on the horizon. Macy’s stock soared 10% Friday after the Wall Street Journal reported that Hudson’s Bay, the parent company of Lord & Taylor and Saks Fifth Avenue, is mulling a bid. A source familiar with the matter confirmed to CNNMoney that an offer has been made but discussions are still in early stages. Last month, Macy’s said it would shut down 68 stores and cut more than 10,000 jobs after disappointing sales during the holiday season. 4. Assortment of earnings: An array of companies are set to report results this week, from GM to Disney. Twitter couldn’t nail down a takeover offer in 2016, but there could be renewed interest if the company posts decent earnings on Thursday. And Time Warner’s Wednesday numbers will come under close scrutiny due to the media giant’s pending sale to AT&T. 5. Coming this week: Monday – 21st Century Fox earnings Tuesday – CNN Town Hall on health care with Bernie Sanders and Ted Cruz; GM and Disney earnings Wednesday – Whole Foods, Time Warner, GlaxoSmithKline earnings Thursday – Twitter, Coca-Cola, Expedia, Yum! Brands, Dunkin’ Donuts earnings Friday – Renault earnings Tech industry braces for Trump's visa reform Elon Musk says he's 'doing good' on Trump's advisory council Related Posts SodaStream brews up a make your own beer machine Why isn’t the middle class earning $156,000 a year? Toyota, GM and BMW warn against Brexit Pennsylvania DEP Offers Grants to Small Businesses Looking to Reduce Energy Costs, Curb Pollution Leave a Reply Cancel reply You must be logged in to post a comment. Jobs from Indeed What: Where: jobs by gantdaily.com Carambola © 2014 GantDaily.com. All rights reserved. About | Contact | Privacy Policy | Terms & Cond Top
Trump's deregulation nation; Silicon Valley tackles immigration ban; Macy's buzz - Erie News Now: News, Weather & Sports | WICU 12 & WSEE Member Center: Create Account| Log In Manage Account| Log Out SITE SEARCHWEB SEARCH BY Video Gallery Black History Month Social Stream Get Apps Text Alerts LIVE Nat'l News Radar NewsNow MeTV CNN Video Social Stream Money Radar NewsNow NBC LIVE Nat'l News Black History Month CNN Video CBS National/World The Insider Real Estate Election Get Apps School closings Korea Veterans Radar Web Cams Traffic/Airport Get Apps School closings See It, Shoot It Text Alerts Web Cams - Local Roads Buoy Data Prep Champs Text Alerts Win tickets to a Sabres/Penguins Game Watch NBC Sports LIVE Golf Fashion Friday WICU TV Guide What's On NBC MeTV Watch CBS Food Winey Wednesday WSEE TV Listings NBC Mr. Food Contest Wine Radar Giving You The Business Pump Pricer Black History Month School closings MeTV See It, Shoot It The Insider Text Alerts Across the Country Korea Veterans Local business Real Estate Transfers Wine Real Estate Closings Obituaries Great Deals! FAQ Digital Advertising Get Apps Wine News Team Contact Us Feedback Suggestions Jobs EEO Report Caribbean Main Entertainment Money Home/Family Health Food Pets Tech Travel Beauty & Style Auto VideoBytes Press Releases Trump's deregulation nation; Silicon Valley tackles immigration ban; Macy's buzz Posted: Sunday, February 5, 2017 8:05 AM EST Updated: Sunday, February 5, 2017 8:05 AM EST By Julia Horowitz NEW YORK (CNNMoney) -- 1. Deregulation nation: Investors cheered an executive order signed by President Donald Trump on Friday that began to dismantle expansive Dodd-Frank reform of Wall Street. Bulls hope it will boost stocks through the week. Shares of big banks like JPMorgan, Wells Fargo and Citigroup rallied more than 2% each on Friday. Goldman Sachs popped over 4%. They'll aim to keep the streak going -- but they'll need Congress' help to actually repeal the bill. Trump's promises to cut taxes, spend on infrastructure and slash regulation sent stocks surging after the election. But the president spent his early days focused on more controversial policies, such as a ban on travelers from seven Muslim-majority nations. He's also taken an aggressive stance on trade. Those actions sent a chill through Wall Street, which had been crossing its fingers for a pivot to stimulus and regulatory reform. 2. What about tech? The standoff between Trump and tech leaders over the White House's immigration ban will likely continue into next week. But for now, tech stocks are holding steady. Strong earnings boosted Facebook and Apple last week. Amazon and Netflix are also performing well this year. But investors will keep a watchful eye on Silicon Valley's strained relationship with Washington, especially as industry leaders decide what further actions to take. Last week, Uber's Travis Kalanick left the president's business advisory council, and Amazon and Expedia joined a legal challenge to the travel ban. Apple is also weighing its legal options. 3. Macy's buzz: A sale of the troubled but iconic retailer may be on the horizon. Macy's stock soared 10% Friday after the Wall Street Journal reported that Hudson's Bay, the parent company of Lord & Taylor and Saks Fifth Avenue, is mulling a bid. A source familiar with the matter confirmed to CNNMoney that an offer has been made but discussions are still in early stages. Last month, Macy's said it would shut down 68 stores and cut more than 10,000 jobs after disappointing sales during the holiday season. 4. Assortment of earnings: An array of companies are set to report results this week, from GM to Disney. Twitter couldn't nail down a takeover offer in 2016, but there could be renewed interest if the company posts decent earnings on Thursday. And Time Warner's Wednesday numbers will come under close scrutiny due to the media giant's pending sale to AT&T. 5. Coming this week: Monday - 21st Century Fox earnings Tuesday - CNN Town Hall on health care with Bernie Sanders and Ted Cruz; GM and Disney earnings Wednesday - Whole Foods, Time Warner, GlaxoSmithKline earnings Thursday - Twitter, Coca-Cola, Expedia, Yum! Brands, Dunkin' Donuts earnings Friday - Renault earnings TM & © 2017 Cable News Network, Inc., a Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. 3514 State St. Erie, PA 16508 Newsroom: (814) 454-8812 Business offices: (814) 454-5201 WICU FCC Filing WSEE FCC Filing Sections: Home Weather Sports Video Calendar Finance WICU TV Listings WSEE TV Listings Health Contact Us FAQ Services: Advertise Submit a Story Submit an Event Send Your Feedback Manage Your Account Free Emails    Forecast    Daily Headlines    News    Breaking News Wine Festivals Share: Share Stories Submit your stories to our site! Share Photos Share your photos in our community galleries RSS Feeds Mobile: WICU12/WSEE News App Free Android App Free iPhone App Free iPad App Local Weather App Free Android App Free iPhone App Free iPad App All content © Copyright 2000 - 2017 WICU. All Rights Reserved. For more information on this site, please read our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service.                    WICU/WSEE - 3514 State Street Erie, PA 16508 - (814) 454-5201 - info@wicu12.com
WSJ WSJ LIVE WSJ Live on Facebook WSJ Live on Twitter MARKETWATCH MarketWatch on Facebook MarketWatch on Twitter BARRON'S <h4>Barrons on Facebook</h4><div style="border: none; padding: 2px 3px;" class="fb-like" data-href="http://www.facebook.com/barronsonline" data-send="false" data-layout="button_count" data-width="250" data-show-faces="false" data-action="recommend"></div> <h4>Barrons on Twitter</h4><a href="https://twitter.com/barronsonline" class="twitter-follow-button" data-show-count="true">Follow @barronsonline</a> DJX Product X on Facebook Product X on Twitter RT F R&C PE&VC WSJ B MORE Mansion Global WSJ Secure BigCharts Financial News Professor Journal Realtor.com Student Journal Virtual Stock Exchange WSJ Classifieds WSJ Classrooms WSJ Wine Search Asia Edition U.S. Edition   Subscribe Log In Home Magazine This Week's Edition Past Editions New: Cartoons Daily All Coverage Barron's Take Weekday Trader Up & Down Wall St. Daily Getting Technical Striking Price Daily Wall Street's Best Minds Read This, Spike That Stocks to Watch Today Asia Stocks to Watch Income Investing Tech Trader Daily Focus on Funds Emerging Markets Q&A Video Center Investing Ideas Overview Barron's Picks & Pans Mutual Funds / ETFs Hedge Funds Stocks Center Commodities Center Bonds Center Options Center Barron's Take Weekday Trader Stock Alert Inside Scoop Ahead of the Crowd Focus on Funds Stocks to Watch Today Barron's Roundtable Advisor Center Overview Top 100 Advisors Top 100 Women Advisors Top 100 Independent Advisors Top 1,200 Advisors Advisor Profiles Market Data Market Data Center Market Lab Economic Calendar Watchlist Stock Grader Stock & Fund Tables Barron's 400 PENTA Penta Magazine Penta Daily Penta Archives Barron's NEXT The Trader Dow Holds On to 20,000—by the Skin of Its Teeth Trump whipsaws the market, then comes to its rescue. But don’t assume next move is up. Plus, insurers, value stocks, retail woes. By Ben Levisohn Biography February 4, 2017 Vital Signs The Dow Jones Industrial Average needed a strong finish on Friday to end the week right back where it had started—above 20,000. Stocks began the week on the wrong foot, with the Dow dropping 229.65 points on Monday and Tuesday. Whether because the market was reacting to President Donald Trump’s travel ban, as some observers... Get The Full Story Subscribe   or   Log In Want to participate in the discussion? Already a subscriber? Log in for complete access. Powered by Livefyre Most Popular 1. What’s Apple to Do with $246 Billion in Cash? Subscriber Content Read Preview 2. 12 Stocks to Benefit Most From the House Tax Plan Subscriber Content Read Preview 3. Why You Want to Own Tesla Now Subscriber Content Read Preview 4. The One Thing You Have that Warren Buffett Doesn’t Subscriber Content Read Preview See Full List Latest Market Videos 1 Barron's Buzz: The Best Fund Families of 2016 2 Is Under Armour Asking for a Backlash? 3 Twitter Posts 10th Straight Quarter of Lower Revenue Barron's Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn YouTube RSS Feed AppStore Google Play Return to Top« Customer Service Customer Center Contact Us Live Help Refer Your Friends to Barron's and Get Rewarded. Learn More Create an Account Subscribe to Barron's Magazine Subscribers: Activate Your Digital Access About Barrons.com Advertising Masthead Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Data Policy Copyright Policy Subscriber Agreement & Terms of Use Your Ad Choices Community Guidelines Also From Barron's Conferences Reprints Classifieds College Program Find a Broker Barron's in Japanese Tools & Services Mobile Site Email Newsletters Barron's on iPad/iPhone Barron's on Android Watchlist Video Annual Reports StockGrader Barron's 400 Economic Calendar Stock & Mutual Fund Listings Commodities, Options & Annuities Listings Fund Prospectuses ACAP Enabled Copyright ©2017 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
Thanks for contacting us. We've received your submission. Back to Reading News Metro Page Six Sports Business Opinion Entertainment Fashion Living Media Tech Real Estate Sub Menu 1 Photos Video Covers Columnists Horoscopes Sub Menu 2 Email Newsletters Classifieds Subscribe Sign in In The News: hillary clinton iran lamar odom 2016 presidential election new york mets Sections Search Tips Sign in New York Post Share this: Facebook Twitter Google LinkedIn WhatsApp Email Copy Business on the money Share this: Facebook Twitter Google LinkedIn WhatsApp Email Copy Jamie Dimon already has visited the White House twice By Kevin Dugan View author archive Get author RSS feed Name(required) Email(required) Comment(required) February 5, 2017 | 5:27am Modal Trigger JPMorgan CEO Jamie Dimon at the White House Getty Images Goldman Sachs may have alumni high up in Trump’s administration, but JPMorgan is in the House. JPM Chief Executive Jamie Dimon’s trip to the White House on Friday was at least his second visit to 1600 Pennsylvania Ave. in as many weeks — even as Goldman CEO Lloyd Blankfein has yet to make plans to meet with the president. Blankfein spoke to Trump about former GS President Gary Cohn, who has since joined the administration as director of the National Economic Council, but hasn’t penciled in any time to meet soon, one source said. The two Wall Street CEOs have taken different approaches to the Trump administration policies. After Trump’s Muslim ban took effect, JPMorgan issued a statement supporting its employees, but didn’t comment on the policy. Blankfein, on the other hand, blasted the ban as “not a policy we support.” Share this: Facebook Twitter Google LinkedIn WhatsApp Email Copy Filed under donald trump ,  goldman sachs ,  jamie dimon ,  jpmorgan chase ,  lloyd blankfein ,  on the money Share this article: Share this: Facebook Twitter Google LinkedIn WhatsApp Email Copy Read Next Trump keeping close ties to his business empire Read Next Trump keeping close ties to his business empire Share Selection Trending Now on NYPost.com 13,627 Obit proves family couldn't be happier their 'evil' relative is dead 11,967 Jordanian pilot had no idea ISIS was about to burn him alive 11,243 Josh Elliott's CBS 'farewell' stuns his bosses Now On Teyana Taylor: My daughter isn’t spoiled Kristen Taekman stressing her ‘shoe game’ at New York Fashion Week Tamron Hall set to walk the red carpet at Viennese Opera Ball SEE ALL Video 1:02 These shoes weren't made for walking More Stories pagesix Josh Elliott's CBS 'farewell' stuns his bosses Now On Decider People Are Cancelling Their Subscriptions To Boycott Netflix’s ‘Dear White People’ nypost Obit proves family couldn't be happier their 'evil' relative is dead New York Post Facebook Twitter Instagram LinkedIn Email Email Newsletters Mobile Apps Contact Us Tips Facebook Twitter Instagram LinkedIn Email Sections & Features News Real Estate Page Six Tech Sports Media Metro Photos Entertainment Video Business Alexa Opinion Covers Fashion Horoscopes Living Classifieds Newsletters & Feeds Email Newsletters RSS Feeds NYPost Store Home Delivery Subscribe Manage Subscription Preferences Help/Support Customer Service App FAQ & Help Contact Us Tips Newsroom Letters to the Editor Reprints Careers Apps iPhone App iPad App Android Phone Android Tablet Advertise Media Kit Contact Post Digital Network © 2017 NYP Holdings, Inc. All Rights Reserved | Terms of Use | Privacy | Your Ad Choices News Corp. is a network of leading companies in the world of diversified media, news, and information services. News Corp HarperCollins Marketwatch realtor.com Dow Jones The Sun Storyful Wall Street Journal The Times Mansion Global New York Post The Australian Checkout51 News America Marketing News.com.au Unruly NY Post Never Miss a Story Get The Post delivered directly to your inbox NY Post Morning Report Page Six Daily Breaking News Special Offers Email Sign Up By clicking above you agree to our Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. X Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. Copy Share URL: Copy Link Sign Up / Sign In Sign In // Sign Up With your existing account from... With your existing account {* loginWidget *} Use an account with your email address Or with a NYPost.com account {* #userInformationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *}{* traditionalSignIn_createButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} Sign Up / Sign In Sign In // Sign Up Welcome back, {* welcomeName *} {* loginWidget *} Or use NYPost.com account Sign Up / Sign In Sign In // Sign Up Welcome back Welcome back, {* welcomeName *} {* #userInformationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} Use an account with your email address Or use another account Almost Done! Please confirm the information below before signing in. Please confirm the information below. {* #socialRegistrationForm *} {* socialRegistration_emailAddress *} {* socialRegistration_displayName *} {* socialRegistration_ageVerification *} By clicking "Sign In", you confirm that you accept our terms of service and have read and understand privacy policy. {* backButton *} {* socialRegistration_signInButton *} {* /socialRegistrationForm *} Almost Done! {* #registrationForm *} {* traditionalRegistration_emailAddress *} {* traditionalRegistration_password *} {* traditionalRegistration_passwordConfirm *} {* traditionalRegistration_displayName *} {* traditionalRegistration_captcha *} {* traditionalRegistration_ageVerification *} By clicking "Create account", you confirm that you accept our terms of service and have read and understand our privacy policy. {* backButton *} {* createAccountButton *} {* /registrationForm *} Create a new password Forgot Password? Don't worry, it happens. We'll send you a link to create a new password. {* #forgotPasswordForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* backButton *} {* forgotPassword_sendButton *} {* /forgotPasswordForm *} Create a new password Sent! We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password. Your existing password has not been changed. We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password. Close Account Already Exists {* mergeAccounts *} {* backButton *} Sign in to complete account merge {* #tradAuthenticateMergeForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* mergePassword *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /tradAuthenticateMergeForm *}
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy   Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Kulicke and Soffa Industries Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Kulicke and Soffa Industries Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News HBK Investments L P Has $351,000 Stake in Century Aluminum Company (CENX) Cabot Corporation (CBT) Shares Sold by HBK Investments L P 12,294 Shares in FLIR Systems, Inc. (FLIR) Acquired by HBK Investments L P Private Wealth Advisors Inc. Continues to Hold Stake in Oracle Corporation (ORCL) AT&T Inc. (T) Position Reduced by Waldron LP Waters Parkerson & CO. LLC Has $26,702,000 Position in Intel Corporation (INTC) Edmond de Rothschild Europe Continues to Hold Stake in McDonald’s Corporation (MCD) Bristol-Myers Squibb Company (BMY) Position Cut by Krasney Financial LLC Home Depot, Inc. (The) (HD) Position Raised by Krasney Financial LLC Krasney Financial LLC Has $1,556,000 Position in Amgen Inc. (AMGN) Spears Abacus Advisors LLC Holds Stake in International Business Machines Corporation (IBM) McDonald’s Corporation (MCD) Stake Decreased by Godshalk Welsh Capital Management Inc. Verizon Communications Inc. (VZ) Shares Bought by Johnson Investment Counsel Inc. Johnson Investment Counsel Inc. Cuts Position in Bristol-Myers Squibb Company (BMY) NewMarket Corporation (NEU) Position Held by Advantus Capital Management Inc Advantus Capital Management Inc Buys 2,631 Shares of Coca-Cola Company (The) (KO) TLP Group LLC Purchases Shares of 1,264 Chevron Corporation (CVX) Chevron Corporation (CVX) Position Increased by Chicago Partners Investment Group LLC Chicago Partners Investment Group LLC Acquires Shares of 2,700 Schlumberger N.V. (SLB) Alphabet Inc. (GOOG) Stake Lowered by Two Sigma Securities LLC Q1 2018 EPS Estimates for Kulicke and Soffa Industries, Inc. Raised by B. Riley (KLIC) February 5th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Jeff Wilder Filed Under: Analyst Articles - Estimates - Finance Tweet Kulicke and Soffa Industries, Inc. (NASDAQ:KLIC) – Analysts at B. Riley lifted their Q1 2018 EPS estimates for Kulicke and Soffa Industries in a note issued to investors on Thursday. B. Riley analyst C. Ellis now anticipates that the brokerage will earn $0.23 per share for the quarter, up from their prior estimate of $0.22. B. Riley currently has a “Buy” rating and a $26.00 price target on the stock. B. Riley also issued estimates for Kulicke and Soffa Industries’ Q4 2018 earnings at $0.25 EPS. A number of other research analysts have also commented on the stock. TheStreet upgraded shares of Kulicke and Soffa Industries from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating in a research report on Thursday, December 1st. Standpoint Research lowered shares of Kulicke and Soffa Industries from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating in a research report on Friday, November 18th. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY NOTICE: “Q1 2018 EPS Estimates for Kulicke and Soffa Industries, Inc. Raised by B. Riley (KLIC)” was reported by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are accessing this piece on another site, it was illegally copied and republished in violation of US and international copyright and trademark laws. The correct version of this piece can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/02/05/q1-2018-eps-estimates-for-kulicke-and-soffa-industries-inc-raised-by-b-riley-klic.html. Kulicke and Soffa Industries (NASDAQ:KLIC) opened at 19.40 on Friday. The company has a market capitalization of $1.38 billion, a PE ratio of 29.04 and a beta of 1.21. The stock has a 50 day moving average price of $16.89 and a 200-day moving average price of $14.26. Kulicke and Soffa Industries has a 52 week low of $10.54 and a 52 week high of $19.76. Kulicke and Soffa Industries (NASDAQ:KLIC) last announced its quarterly earnings results on Thursday, February 2nd. The company reported $0.22 EPS for the quarter, beating the Zacks’ consensus estimate of $0.10 by $0.12. Kulicke and Soffa Industries had a return on equity of 7.88% and a net margin of 9.39%. The company earned $149.60 million during the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $140.62 million. The firm’s revenue was up 37.9% compared to the same quarter last year. Several hedge funds have recently bought and sold shares of the company. Capital Fund Management S.A. bought a new stake in Kulicke and Soffa Industries during the second quarter worth about $159,000. Nordea Investment Management AB increased its stake in Kulicke and Soffa Industries by 15.0% in the second quarter. Nordea Investment Management AB now owns 322,227 shares of the company’s stock worth $3,922,000 after buying an additional 41,976 shares in the last quarter. Janney Montgomery Scott LLC acquired a new stake in Kulicke and Soffa Industries during the second quarter valued at $127,000. Oxford Asset Management increased its stake in Kulicke and Soffa Industries by 4.3% in the second quarter. Oxford Asset Management now owns 858,086 shares of the company’s stock valued at $10,443,000 after buying an additional 35,068 shares in the last quarter. Finally, JPMorgan Chase & Co. increased its stake in Kulicke and Soffa Industries by 6.8% in the second quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 485,122 shares of the company’s stock valued at $5,904,000 after buying an additional 31,018 shares in the last quarter. 84.63% of the stock is owned by institutional investors. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY NOTICE: “Q1 2018 EPS Estimates for Kulicke and Soffa Industries, Inc. Raised by B. Riley (KLIC)” was reported by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are accessing this piece on another site, it was illegally copied and republished in violation of US and international copyright and trademark laws. The correct version of this piece can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/02/05/q1-2018-eps-estimates-for-kulicke-and-soffa-industries-inc-raised-by-b-riley-klic.html. In other news, insider Jonathan Chou sold 25,000 shares of Kulicke and Soffa Industries stock in a transaction on Wednesday, November 23rd. The shares were sold at an average price of $15.39, for a total transaction of $384,750.00. Following the completion of the sale, the insider now directly owns 216,008 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $3,324,363.12. The transaction was disclosed in a legal filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is accessible through this hyperlink. Also, insider Lester A. Wong sold 10,000 shares of Kulicke and Soffa Industries stock in a transaction on Tuesday, December 6th. The stock was sold at an average price of $15.91, for a total transaction of $159,100.00. Following the sale, the insider now directly owns 69,421 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $1,104,488.11. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Insiders have sold a total of 55,015 shares of company stock valued at $864,345 over the last ninety days. 1.00% of the stock is currently owned by insiders. Kulicke and Soffa Industries Company Profile Kulicke and Soffa Industries, Inc designs, manufactures and sells capital equipment and expendable tools, as well as services, maintains, repairs and upgrades equipment, all used to assemble semiconductor devices. The Company supplies a range of bonding equipment. The Company operates through two segments: Equipment and Expendable Tools. Receive News & Ratings for Kulicke and Soffa Industries Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Kulicke and Soffa Industries Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News White House Announces Conway Was Counseled Warren Receives Support After GOP Formally Silences Her Report: Trump Was Not Completely Briefed on Bannon NSC Seat Justice Department Will Challenge Stop to Travel Ban President Trump Cancels Harley-Davidson Trip Due to Possible Protests © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Bloomberg the Company & Its ProductsBloomberg Anywhere Remote LoginBloomberg Anywhere LoginBloomberg Terminal Demo Request Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Philanthropy & Engagement Bloomberg London Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Philanthropy & Engagement Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Bloomberg London Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Advertising Bloomberg Media Distribution Bloomberg Live Conferences Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center MENU Homepage Markets Stocks Currencies Commodities Rates + Bonds Economics Magazine Benchmark Watchlist Economic Calendar Tech U.S. Global Startups Cybersecurity Digital Media Bloomberg Technology TV Hello World Studio 1.0 Pursuits Cars & Bikes Style & Grooming Spend Watches & Gadgets Food & Drinks Travel Real Estate Art & Design Politics With All Due Respect Global Risk Briefing How We’ll Know if Trump Is Making America Great Again Tracking Trump’s Web of Conflicts The Inauguration of Donald J. Trump On the March in Trump’s Capital Opinion View Gadfly Businessweek Subscribe Cover Stories Opening Remarks Etc Features 85th Anniversary Issue Behind The Cover More Science + Energy Graphics Game Plan Small Business Personal Finance Inspire GO The David Rubenstein Show Sponsored Content Bloomberg About The Company Sign In Sign In Subscribe Photographer: Dean Hutton/Bloomberg Miners Head to South Africa But Leave Checkbooks at Home by Kevin Crowley @CrowleyKev More stories by Kevin Crowley and Thomas Biesheuvel @tbiesheuvel More stories by Thomas Biesheuvel February 5, 2017, 3:00 AM EST February 6, 2017, 7:16 AM EST Anglo, BHP, Gold Fields have cut exposure to African nation Local stocks have traded at discount to peers for five years With its iconic mountain, beaches and vineyards, it’s easy to attract global mining bosses and fund managers to Cape Town. Yet as thousands of executives, shareholders and officials flock to South Africa for the annual Mining Indaba, the industry’s investments are flowing the opposite way. A mix of shrinking reserves, rising labor costs, frequent stoppages and regulatory uncertainty has prompted major miners to rethink their presence in the country, home to the world’s largest platinum, chrome, and manganese reserves and the source of one-third of all gold ever mined. Anglo American Plc, once a keystone of the economy, is selling half its assets in the country, while BHP Billiton Ltd. and Gold Fields Ltd. both spun off their local operations in the past four years. AngloGold Ashanti Ltd. tried to do the same. South Africa, which was the world’s largest gold producer for a century until 2007, has now dropped to sixth place. “They’re difficult mines in a tough operating environment with wage inflation constantly eating away at margins,” said Neil Gregson, who manages about $2.5 billion of natural-resources stocks at JPMorgan Asset Management in London. “Increasingly, you need specialized management teams to run those assets. We don’t see any growth there.” About 6,000 attendees are expected at the Mining Indaba, which starts Monday. Executives from companies including Anglo American, Rio Tinto Group, AngloGold Ashanti and South32 Ltd. are scheduled to speak at the event, Africa’s biggest resource industry conference. The most important business stories of the day. Get Bloomberg's daily newsletter. Sign Up As the largest miners shift their priorities elsewhere, investors are valuing South Africa-focused stocks more cheaply than global peers. The FTSE/JSE Africa Mining Index trades at 1.3 times book value, compared with 1.9 times for the Bloomberg World Mining Index. The measure for South African stocks has been at a discount to the figure for the global index for the past five years, except for during one month in 2013. Even Sibanye Gold Ltd., the locally focused spin off from Gold Fields, chose to go to the U.S. for its largest acquisition to date. The company had previously stated its intention to buy in its home country or elsewhere in Africa and took investors by surprise in December with a plan to buy Montana-based Stillwater Mining Co. for $2.2 billion. “They’ve chosen to go overseas for the acquisition rather than something closer to home, it shows you how politically difficult it is to close things in South Africa,” said Michael Rawlinson, co-head of metals and mining investment banking at Barclays Plc, which lends money to Sibanye. Many of the South African mining industry’s problems stem from its turbulent and oppressive past. Mines, particularly gold, were largely built on the basis of cheap labor, minimal safety standards and plentiful electricity, with profits flowing to their white owners to the exclusion of the black majority. White minority rule under apartheid ended in 1994. Above-Inflation Wage Increases To redress the inequity of apartheid, the government wants mining companies to be 26 percent owned by black investors, even if those investors later sell their stakes. Companies argue this will lead to continual dilution. The Chamber of Mines said today it restarted talks with the government last month on the issue. South Africa’s government is committed to “radical economic transformation” to secure the black majority a bigger stake in the economy, and will published revised mine ownership requirements next month whether the industry agrees with them or not, Mineral Resources Minister Mosebenzi Zwane told reporters today at the Mining Indaba. “Security over tenure is a concern for us,” JPMorgan’s Gregson said. After more than a century of intensive mining, resources have been depleted, unions have commanded above-inflation wage increases, safety breaches are drawing increased scrutiny from government and power is increasingly expensive. The industry made its first net loss since at least 2009 in the year through June, as commodity prices plunged, according to PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP. Gold production in the country declined by almost half to 144.5 metric tons and output of platinum-group metals dropped 11 percent in the decade to 2015, according to the Chamber of Mines. Labor costs, which make up a third of the industry’s overall expenses, almost tripled to 117 billion rand ($8.8 billion) a year. Still, mining makes up about half of the country’s export earnings. Safety Stoppages The government has also irked companies by imposing what they say are unnecessary safety stoppages that cost production. At up to 4 kilometers (2.5 miles) below ground, the country’s gold mines are the deepest and among the most dangerous in the world, typically employing thousands of workers mainly using hand-held drills. If international investors and mining companies are deterred by South Africa’s challenges, locals may be willing to step in. Patrice Motsepe, executive chairman of African Rainbow Minerals Ltd. and who had success buying unwanted gold mines in the late 1990s, said last month he’s once again looking to snap up unloved South African assets. “South Africa has good infrastructure, it’s got great technical skills, it’s got a long history of mining,” Barclays’s Rawlinson said. “But that long history means the best deposits have already been developed. To compensate for that it needs to be easy. That easiness is gone.” Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal. LEARN MORE Most Read Trump Vows to Fight as Appeals Court Thwarts Immigration Ban Now Under Armour Has a Trump Problem, Too White House: Cohn-Led Tax Plan Is Real and It’s Phenomenal Trumpflation Is Running Out of Gas Trump Weighs New Immigration Order With Next Legal Moves Unclear Terms of Service Trademarks Privacy Policy ©2017 Bloomberg L.P. All Rights Reserved Careers Made in NYC Advertise Ad Choices Website Feedback Help
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy   Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Lipocine Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Lipocine Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Wedbush Analysts Lower Earnings Estimates for O’Reilly Automotive, Inc. (ORLY) Amazon.com, Inc. (AMZN) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by SunTrust Banks, Inc. Edwards Lifesciences Corporation (EW) PT Set at $120.00 by Credit Suisse Group L Brands Inc (LB) Given a $75.00 Price Target by Oppenheimer Holdings, Inc. Analysts The Blackstone Group L.P. (BX) Given a $40.00 Price Target by Credit Suisse Group Analysts Suncor Energy Inc. (SU) Shares Gap Up After Dividend Announcement Buffalo Wild Wings, Inc. (BWLD) Rating Reiterated by Robert W. Baird Analysts Set Tyson Foods, Inc. (TSN) PT at $70.72 Nationstar Mortgage Holdings Inc. (NSM) Receives $15.14 Average Price Target from Brokerages Royal Bank Of Canada (RY) Receives $86.00 Average PT from Analysts Brokerages Set Sherwin-Williams Co (SHW) PT at $328.06 Aerohive Networks, Inc. (HIVE) Scheduled to Post Quarterly Earnings on Tuesday TELUS Corporation (TU) Posts Earnings Results, Misses Expectations By $0.04 EPS Macquarie Reaffirms “Outperform” Rating for Sky Plc (SKY) Exelixis, Inc. (EXEL) Upgraded to “Buy” by Zacks Investment Research International Paper Company (IP) Downgraded by Zacks Investment Research Terra Nitrogen Company, L.P. (TNH) Plans $1.22 Quarterly Dividend ClearBridge Energy MLP Fund Inc (CEM) Announces Quarterly Dividend of $0.36 Reaves Utility Income Fund (UTG) Announces $0.16 Monthly Dividend AutoNation, Inc. (AN) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Jefferies Group LLC Brokerages Anticipate Lipocine Inc. (LPCN) to Post ($0.31) EPS February 5th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Trevor Kearing Filed Under: Finance - Zacks Consensus Ratings Tweet Shares of Lipocine Inc. (NASDAQ:LPCN) have received a consensus broker rating score of 1.00 (Strong Buy) from the four analysts that provide coverage for the stock, Zacks Investment Research reports. Four research analysts have rated the stock with a strong buy recommendation. Brokerages have set a 12 month consensus price objective of $18.80 for the company and are forecasting that the company will post ($0.31) earnings per share for the current quarter, according to Zacks. Zacks has also assigned Lipocine an industry rank of 91 out of 265 based on the ratings given to related companies. A number of brokerages have recently commented on LPCN. HC Wainwright reiterated a “buy” rating on shares of Lipocine in a research note on Wednesday, January 18th. Roth Capital set a $30.00 target price on Lipocine and gave the stock a “buy” rating in a research report on Tuesday, December 6th. Finally, Canaccord Genuity set a $15.00 target price on Lipocine and gave the stock a “buy” rating in a research report on Tuesday, December 20th. Lipocine (NASDAQ:LPCN) opened at 3.69 on Tuesday. Lipocine has a 52-week low of $2.51 and a 52-week high of $12.66. The firm’s market capitalization is $67.38 million. The stock’s 50 day moving average price is $3.64 and its 200 day moving average price is $3.69. A number of hedge funds and other institutional investors have recently made changes to their positions in the company. JPMorgan Chase & Co. acquired a new position in Lipocine during the third quarter valued at $935,000. Wells Fargo & Company MN acquired a new position in Lipocine during the third quarter valued at $122,000. Carlson Capital L P raised its position in Lipocine by 88.3% in the second quarter. Carlson Capital L P now owns 510,000 shares of the specialty pharmaceutical company’s stock valued at $1,550,000 after buying an additional 239,170 shares during the period. State Street Corp raised its position in Lipocine by 1,408.9% in the second quarter. State Street Corp now owns 200,679 shares of the specialty pharmaceutical company’s stock valued at $609,000 after buying an additional 187,379 shares during the period. Finally, BlackRock Institutional Trust Company N.A. raised its position in Lipocine by 63.2% in the second quarter. BlackRock Institutional Trust Company N.A. now owns 365,851 shares of the specialty pharmaceutical company’s stock valued at $1,112,000 after buying an additional 141,681 shares during the period. 45.05% of the stock is owned by institutional investors and hedge funds. WARNING: This story was originally posted by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are viewing this story on another publication, it was stolen and republished in violation of U.S. & international copyright & trademark laws. The legal version of this story can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/02/05/brokerages-anticipate-lipocine-inc-lpcn-to-post-0-31-eps.html. Lipocine Company Profile Lipocine Inc is a specialty pharmaceutical company. The Company is focused on applying its oral drug delivery technology for the development of pharmaceutical products in the area of men’s and women’s health. Its primary development programs are based on oral delivery solutions for bioavailable drugs. Get a free copy of the Zacks research report on Lipocine (LPCN) For more information about research offerings from Zacks Investment Research, visit Zacks.com Receive News & Ratings for Lipocine Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Lipocine Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Warren Receives Support After GOP Formally Silences Her Report: Trump Was Not Completely Briefed on Bannon NSC Seat Justice Department Will Challenge Stop to Travel Ban President Trump Cancels Harley-Davidson Trip Due to Possible Protests White House Appears to Pull Back on Part of Policy on Vetting © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Trending: CHARLES OAKLEY BLIZZARDS TRAVEL BAN STEPHEN BANNON DONALD TRUMP FIRST 100 DAYS Sections Sections Home Home New York NYC Crime Bronx Brooklyn Manhattan Queens Education Weather Obituaries Sports Yankees Mets Giants Jets Knicks Nets Rangers Islanders Football Basketball Baseball Hockey Soccer College The Score More Sports News Crime U.S. World Politics Entertainment Gossip Movies TV Music Theater & Arts Crosswords Entertainment Pics Horoscopes Daily Weekly Monthly Lifestyle Health Food Viva Opinion Autos Buyer's Guide Ratings & Reviews News & Views Photos & Galleries Covers Classifieds Trending: CHARLES OAKLEY BLIZZARDS TRAVEL BAN STEPHEN BANNON DONALD TRUMP FIRST 100 DAYS New York Daily News new york Follow Us Facebook Twitter Instagram Pinterest YouTube Subscribe Follow UsNewsletter App Subscriptions Subscribe Get Our Newsletter A daily blend of the most need-to-know Daily News stories, delivered right to your inbox. Sign Up Get the latest breaking news, entertainment, sports and more.Download Our App Subscribe to the newspaper, our e-edition, or both.Subscribe NYC Crime Bronx Brooklyn Manhattan Queens Education Weather Obituaries Select Sport Football Basketball Baseball Hockey Soccer College More Sports Share This facebook Tweet email Legless subway toker lost $4M settlement, sues over stolen check Legless subway toker lost $4M settlement, sues over stolen check BY Thomas Tracy NEW YORK DAILY NEWS Sunday, February 5, 2017, 3:25 AM facebook Tweet email Michelle Carter, 60, lost her legs after falling onto the subway tracks and being struck by a train in 2005. She caught the attention of the internet last month, when someone recorded her smoking what appeared to be marijuana on the subway. (Instagram) BY Thomas Tracy NEW YORK DAILY NEWS Sunday, February 5, 2017, 3:25 AM If you had her life, you’d smoke blunts on the subway too. A legless woman — who became an internet sensation last month after someone recorded her smoking what appeared to be marijuana on a Brooklyn M train — was run over by another train a dozen years ago. She has since lost her $4 million settlement with the Transit Authority, her lawyer said Saturday. Michelle Carter, 60, lost both her legs when she fell to the subway tracks and was struck by a train in 2005. In 2014, she won a multi-million dollar settlement, but the money quickly disappeared as she gave some away, spent some of it and was robbed of a massive check. Man, 63, struck by train after fainting on subway tracks in NYC Carter is suing JP Morgan Chase for cashing an $886,339.96 settlement check someone stole from her back in 2015. “I was shocked that they cashed that check without any due diligence,” Carter’s attorney Robert Unger said. “Many times I have written out settlement checks for $10,000 or so, and the banks wouldn’t cash them without checking everything out.” On Jan. 10, straphangers recorded Carter smoking on the train. “That s--t is goofy!” a man can be heard saying as Carter puffs away. A video posted by 💕4912💍 (@_liamweatherup_) on Jan 10, 2017 at 1:35pm PST Another man threatened to “deck” her, but Carter quickly lashed back. Victim of anti-Semitic subway attacker thanks strangers for help “Get the f--- off my train. Bye!” she yelled from her wheelchair. Unger found the video deplorable, since Carter is mentally handicapped and can’t take care of herself. The one-time millionaire splits her time living with relatives and on the street, Unger said. “You can see she’s not normal and there they were cursing at her and threatening her,” Unger said. JP Morgan Chase did not immediately return a call for comment. Tags: mta lawsuits Send a Letter to the Editor Join the Conversation: facebook Tweet Get Daily News stories, delivered to your inbox. Sign Up Follow Us Facebook Twitter Instagram Pinterest YouTube Support Subscribe Contact Us Terms of Service Privacy Policy Keep in Touch Newsletter Apps Subscribe Feeds Support & Contact Contact Us Careers Site Map Terms of Use Ad Choices Terms of Service Privacy Policy Advertising Media Kit Place An Ad Special Sections Daily News Covers © Copyright 2017 NYDailyNews.com. All rights reserved.
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy   Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Align Technology Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Align Technology Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Eaton Vance Tax-Managed Global Buy-Write (ETW) to Issue $0.10 Monthly Dividend Fiserv, Inc. to Post Q1 2017 Earnings of $1.18 Per Share, SunTrust Banks Forecasts (FISV) Marriott International (MAR) Receives $83.98 Average Target Price from Brokerages Zacks Investment Research Upgrades McClatchy Company (The) (MNI) to Hold Organovo Holdings, Inc. (ONVO) Shares Down 15.4% on Insider Selling iPass Inc. (IPAS) Stock Price Down 21.3% After Earnings Miss Q1 2017 EPS Estimates for O’Reilly Automotive, Inc. (ORLY) Lowered by Analyst Northcoast Research Comments on Owens Corning Inc’s Q1 2017 Earnings (OC) Alpine Global Premier Properties Fund (AWP) To Go Ex-Dividend on February 16th Alpine Total Dynamic Dividend Fund (AOD) to Issue Monthly Dividend of $0.06 on February 28th Zytronic PLC (ZYT) To Go Ex-Dividend on February 16th Impax Asset Management Group Plc (IPX) to Issue Dividend of GBX 1.60 on March 17th Brokerages Set Whole Foods Market, Inc. (WFM) Price Target at $30.42 Countrywide PLC (CWD) Receives GBX 207.13 Consensus Price Target from Brokerages Cincinnati Bell Inc (CBB) Receives $20.63 Average Price Target from Brokerages Brokerages Set Amplify Snack Brands, inc. (BETR) PT at $16.60 Jazz Pharmaceuticals PLC (JAZZ) Receives $177.91 Average Target Price from Brokerages Benchmark Electronics, Inc. (BHE) Stock Price Up -1.5% on Analyst Upgrade iRobot Corporation (IRBT) Shares Gap Down on Insider Selling Zacks Investment Research Upgrades Model N, Inc. (MODN) to Buy Q1 2017 Earnings Forecast for Align Technology, Inc. Issued By Jefferies Group (ALGN) February 4th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Latisha Jones Filed Under: Analyst Articles - Estimates - Finance Tweet Align Technology, Inc. (NASDAQ:ALGN) – Investment analysts at Jefferies Group lifted their Q1 2017 earnings estimates for Align Technology in a report issued on Wednesday. Jefferies Group analyst B. Couillard now forecasts that the brokerage will post earnings of $0.66 per share for the quarter, up from their previous estimate of $0.63. Jefferies Group has a “Buy” rating and a $110.00 price target on the stock. Jefferies Group also issued estimates for Align Technology’s Q3 2017 earnings at $0.78 EPS, Q4 2017 earnings at $0.93 EPS and FY2017 earnings at $3.00 EPS. ALGN has been the subject of a number of other reports. Zacks Investment Research upgraded shares of Align Technology from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $99.00 price objective for the company in a research note on Wednesday, November 9th. Stifel Nicolaus increased their price objective on shares of Align Technology from $95.00 to $110.00 and gave the stock a “buy” rating in a research note on Monday, November 28th. Finally, Morgan Stanley set a $114.00 price objective on shares of Align Technology and gave the stock a “buy” rating in a research note on Wednesday, October 19th. Two equities research analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and eight have given a buy rating to the company. The company has an average rating of “Buy” and an average target price of $95.00. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY NOTICE: “Q1 2017 Earnings Forecast for Align Technology, Inc. Issued By Jefferies Group (ALGN)” was first published by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are accessing this news story on another website, it was copied illegally and republished in violation of US & international copyright and trademark legislation. The legal version of this news story can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/02/04/q1-2017-earnings-forecast-for-align-technology-inc-issued-by-jefferies-group-algn.html. Align Technology (NASDAQ:ALGN) opened at 95.82 on Friday. The company’s 50-day moving average price is $95.42 and its 200 day moving average price is $92.76. The company has a market capitalization of $7.63 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 41.12 and a beta of 1.40. Align Technology has a 52 week low of $57.51 and a 52 week high of $102.10. Align Technology (NASDAQ:ALGN) last issued its quarterly earnings results on Tuesday, January 31st. The company reported $0.59 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, missing the consensus estimate of $0.66 by $0.07. Align Technology had a net margin of 17.57% and a return on equity of 20.82%. The firm had revenue of $293.20 million for the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $292.75 million. During the same quarter in the prior year, the firm earned $0.60 earnings per share. The company’s revenue was up 27.3% on a year-over-year basis. Hedge funds and other institutional investors have recently made changes to their positions in the company. BlackRock Advisors LLC boosted its position in shares of Align Technology by 3.0% in the second quarter. BlackRock Advisors LLC now owns 40,490 shares of the company’s stock valued at $3,261,000 after buying an additional 1,198 shares in the last quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. boosted its position in shares of Align Technology by 1.6% in the second quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 95,670 shares of the company’s stock valued at $7,707,000 after buying an additional 1,493 shares in the last quarter. Blair William & Co. IL boosted its position in shares of Align Technology by 0.4% in the second quarter. Blair William & Co. IL now owns 312,283 shares of the company’s stock valued at $25,154,000 after buying an additional 1,210 shares in the last quarter. Autus Asset Management LLC boosted its position in shares of Align Technology by 2.4% in the second quarter. Autus Asset Management LLC now owns 26,568 shares of the company’s stock valued at $2,141,000 after buying an additional 630 shares in the last quarter. Finally, Neuberger Berman Group LLC acquired a new position in shares of Align Technology during the second quarter valued at approximately $330,000. 86.69% of the stock is currently owned by institutional investors. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY NOTICE: “Q1 2017 Earnings Forecast for Align Technology, Inc. Issued By Jefferies Group (ALGN)” was first published by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are accessing this news story on another website, it was copied illegally and republished in violation of US & international copyright and trademark legislation. The legal version of this news story can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/02/04/q1-2017-earnings-forecast-for-align-technology-inc-issued-by-jefferies-group-algn.html. In other news, CFO David L. White sold 11,152 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Friday, November 18th. The shares were sold at an average price of $95.53, for a total transaction of $1,065,350.56. Following the transaction, the chief financial officer now directly owns 9,473 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $904,955.69. The sale was disclosed in a legal filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which can be accessed through the SEC website. Also, Director Warren S. Thaler sold 8,500 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Tuesday, November 29th. The stock was sold at an average price of $95.57, for a total transaction of $812,345.00. Following the transaction, the director now directly owns 42,400 shares in the company, valued at $4,052,168. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Over the last three months, insiders sold 56,439 shares of company stock worth $5,228,322. Insiders own 2.00% of the company’s stock. About Align Technology Align Technology, Inc designs, manufactures and markets a system of clear aligner therapy, intra-oral scanners and computer-aided design and computer-aided manufacturing (CAD/CAM) digital services used in dentistry, orthodontics and dental records storage. The Company operates through two segments: Clear Aligner segment and Scanner and Services (Scanner) segment. Receive News & Ratings for Align Technology Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Align Technology Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News White House Announces Conway Was Counseled Warren Receives Support After GOP Formally Silences Her Report: Trump Was Not Completely Briefed on Bannon NSC Seat Justice Department Will Challenge Stop to Travel Ban President Trump Cancels Harley-Davidson Trip Due to Possible Protests © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
You are the owner of this article. Edit Article Add New Article 36° News Omaha Metro Crime/Courts/Public safety Weather Nebraska Iowa Legislature Politics Election Guide Education Military Good News Dataomaha Record National World Special Sections Sports Big Red Today Bluejays Today Mavs Today Prep Zone The Bottom Line Midlands Colleges Outdoors Lancers Storm Chasers National Golf College World Series Blogs Shatel Money Warren Buffett Watch Inside Business Stocks Agriculture Entertainment Arts Dining Movies Music Nightlife TV Living Good News Momaha Health & Fitness Inspired Living Wedding Essentials Let's Celebrate NE Passport Adventures Omaha: We Don't Coast Special sections Health & Fitness Momaha Opinion Jeff Koterba cartoons World-Herald Editorials Public Pulse Syndicated columnists Midlands Voices Koterba Caption Contest ePaper Obits Celebrations Columnists Brad Dickson Erin Grace Matthew Hansen Michael Kelly Tom Shatel Good News Nation World Video Photos Calendar Weather Contests Sarpy News Bellevue Gretna Papillion / La Vista Ralston In The Game Special Sections Inspired Living Omaha Wedding Essentials World-Herald Archives Customer Service User Dashboard Subscribe Contact us Online bill payment Delivery concerns Subscriber Services Single copy locations Email newsletters World-Herald apps Become a carrier Goodfellows Newspaper in Education Help / FAQ Newsroom staff OWH Rewards Autos Classifieds Daily Deals FindIt Homes Jobs Join our Team Inside Business Legal notices Weekly ads World-Herald Store Advertise with us OWH Rewards Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout Omaha 36° Omaha, NE (68102) Today Partly cloudy skies during the morning hours will become overcast in the afternoon. High 54F. Winds NNE at 10 to 15 mph.. Tonight Cloudy with gusty winds developing overnight. Low 31F. Winds NNW at 20 to 30 mph. Updated: February 11, 2017 @ 2:52 am Full Forecast Search Toggle navigation Menu Buy & Sell Autos Classifieds Daily Deals FindIt Homes Jobs Join our Team Legal notices Weekly ads World-Herald Store Advertise with us Customer service User dashboard Subscribe Contact us Online bill payment Delivery concerns Subscriber services Single copy locations Contests OWH Rewards Email newsletters World-Herald apps Become a carrier Goodfellows Newspaper in Education Help / FAQ Newsroom staff Subscribe ePaper Obits Close THE ASSOCIATED PRESS Ivanka Trump models an outfit following an interview to promote her clothing line in Toronto. Nordstrom said Thursday, Feb. 2, 2017, it will stop selling Ivanka Trump clothing and accessories. The Seattle-based department store chain said the decision was based on the sales performance of the first daughter's brand. AP Companies feel squeeze of politics in Trump era Feb 5, 2017 Updated Feb 5, 2017 (…) THE ASSOCIATED PRESS Ivanka Trump models an outfit following an interview to promote her clothing line in Toronto. Nordstrom said Thursday, Feb. 2, 2017, it will stop selling Ivanka Trump clothing and accessories. The Seattle-based department store chain said the decision was based on the sales performance of the first daughter's brand. WASHINGTON (AP) — Uber’s CEO quit President Donald Trump’s business council. Nordstrom stopped selling Ivanka Trump’s fashions. Boeing, Lockheed Martin and Toyota, meanwhile, suffered through the discomfort of being on the receiving end of Trump Twitter tirades. The Trump era is a perilous new landscape for corporate America. Companies are feeling political pressure like never before, squeezed on one side by consumers who are boycotting products with any ties to the administration and on the other by the outspoken, social media-loving president. For most companies, the decision to get political used to be made after long, careful deliberations among a company’s leader, public relations team, lawyers and lobbyists. Now, in an increasingly divided America, companies may have no choice but to move quickly. “You have to understand your customers in real time because political ramifications are happening instantly,” said Matt Friedman, a crisis communications adviser based near Detroit who has worked with public and private companies. “Each business now has to look at where their customer fits into the political divide and how their company values align to what the president is doing on a day-to-day basis.” The predicament for companies was on display ahead of Trump’s first White House meeting Friday with his business forum, a group that includes General Motors CEO Mary Barra, JPMorgan CEO Jamie Dimon and a dozen others. The night before, Uber’s Travis Kalanick told his employees he’d decided to quit the council because his presence on it was being “misinterpreted” as an endorsement of the president. “I spent a lot of time thinking about this and mapping it to our values,” Kalanick told employees in an internal memo obtained by the Associated Press. Disney CEO Bob Iger didn’t attend either; instead, he was at a company board meeting in California. A seat on a high-profile White House council, no matter the political party in power, has previously been a can’t-pass-up sign of prestige. It’s a direct way for a company to express opinions to the president — far less fraught than trying to gain access through lobbying or donating money. But an audience with this president, at least at this stage, brings with it customer complications. No doubt weighing into Kalanick’s decision to give up that influence was the boycott of the ride-sharing company. Shannon Coulter, one of the organizers of the “Grab Your Wallet” social media effort to encourage boycotts of companies tied to Trump, said she would be satisfied only when Kalanick resigned from the presidential forum. Grab Your Wallet claimed another victory Thursday when Nordstrom announced it had stopped selling first daughter Ivanka Trump’s fashion line. The company cited the brand’s performance. The department store was one of Grab Your Wallet’s first targets. “Companies have been late to the game with realizing how much ire it can create to associate with a person like Donald,” Coulter said. While the anti-Trump boycotters cheered Nordstrom, Trump supporters deluged the company with angry messages on Twitter. Retailer L.L. Bean faced the flip side of that. Linda Bean, one of many family members involved in the company, gave money to a pro-Trump super PAC during the campaign, prompting Grab Your Wallet to call for a boycott, which in turn prompted Trump to weigh in. “Thank you to Linda Bean of L.L. Bean for your great support and courage. People will support you even more now. Buy L.L. Bean,” Trump tweeted last month, a few weeks before taking office. When they make a move that could be perceived as a knock on the president, companies like Nordstrom must calculate not only the financial impact of angering Trump supporters but also the possibility that Trump himself could take notice — spiraling the crisis to another level. Robert Passikoff, president of Brand Keys Inc., said CEOs are especially vulnerable now because technology allows people to protest and vent their anger without organizing a march or even leaving their home. Among those who can weigh in with a few finger taps: the leader of the free world. “The direct communication from the president of the United States, with attacks on specific brands and specific people, is not something we’ve ever seen before,” he said. © 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. More information Ben Sasse takes issue with Trump's tweet referring to 'so-called judge' who blocked travel ban On ABC’s "This Week," the Nebraska senator also talked about comments the president made to Fox News’ Bill O’Reilly about Russian leader Vladimir Putin. “There is no moral equivalency between the United States of America — the greatest freedom-loving nation in the history of the world — and the murderous thugs that are in Putin’s defense of his cronyism," Sasse said.  Federal appeals court denies Justice Department request to reinstate Trump's travel ban Trump says Pence will head investigation into voting irregularities, despite lack of evidence of fraud Tags Company Commerce Politics Economics Ivanka Trump White House Grab Your Wallet Nordstrom Bob Iger Travis Kalanick Recommended for you Featured Businesses Foodbank for The Heartland 10525 J St, Omaha, NE 68127 402-331-1213 Stewart's Airport Parking 311 E Locust St, Carter Lake, IA 51510 712-347-6767 Currently Open Flex Physical Therapy 928 Valley View Dr, Ste 7, Council Bluffs, IA 51503 800-930-8803 Coupons Dugger's Cafe 4950 Dodge St, Omaha, NE 68132 402-502-9156 Baxter Toyota La Vista 7204 S 124th Cir, La Vista, NE 68128 402-731-2000 Vehicles Burton AC Heating Plumbing & More 712-256-9823 World-Herald 150 Stocks In case you missed it Fresh start  for startups: Entrepreneurs find a welcoming  environment in Omaha for new tech businesses If Trump, Congress pull the plug on Obamacare, everyone’s plan could change Nebraska farmers, ranchers wary of Trump ending NAFTA, which has quadrupled U.S. ag exports More cattle, lower prices: Ranchers and feeders hope consumers respond by buying more beef New life, and a nod to the past, as National Indemnity building set to become apartments Warren Buffett and Berkshire Hathaway Warren Watch: 'Frankie No' said yes to Buffett at exclusive Rao’s restaurant in NYC Replay: Feb. 7 Warren Watch chat Review: 'Becoming Warren Buffett' is a timely reassurance that some billionaires have a heart Tweets by @OWHmoney loading... Today's ePaper Omaha World-Herald Sunrise Edition Omaha World-Herald Subscriber services ePaper online Subscriber log in Demo ePaper Print edition Subscribe for delivery Single copy locations Sections News Sports Money Living Entertainment Opinion Obits ePaper Full site index Services Contact us Subscribe Subscriber services News alerts + newsletters World-Herald apps Advertise with us Join our Team
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy   Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Carbonite Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Carbonite Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Blackrock Throgmorton Trust PLC (THRG) Increases Dividend to GBX 6.25 Per Share Pattern Energy Group Inc. (PEGI) Stock Rating Lowered by Zacks Investment Research Analysts Issue Forecasts for Akamai Technologies, Inc.’s Q1 2017 Earnings (AKAM) Allergan PLC. (AGN) Forecasted to Post Q1 2017 Earnings of $3.55 Per Share AngioDynamics, Inc. (ANGO) Receives $16.63 Average Target Price from Brokerages Sanatana Resources Inc (STA) Director Peter Leighton Miles Purchases 372,000 Shares of Stock Alexander & Baldwin Holdings, Inc. (ALEX) Director Stanley M. Kuriyama Sells 4,250 Shares Nicholas Financial, Inc. (NICK) Major Shareholder Magnolia Capital Fund, Lp Purchases 19,196 Shares Brokerages Anticipate Air Methods Corporation (AIRM) to Post $0.61 Earnings Per Share Owens Corning Inc (OC) Upgraded to Hold by Zacks Investment Research Avon Products, Inc. (AVP) Forecasted to Post Q1 2017 Earnings of $0.05 Per Share Analysts Offer Predictions for Camden Property Trust’s Q1 2017 Earnings (CPT) Jefferies Group Comments on CenturyLink, Inc.’s Q1 2017 Earnings (CTL) Brokerages Set Computer Programs and Systems, Inc. (CPSI) Price Target at $34.55 Seaport Global Securities Brokers Cut Earnings Estimates for Diamond Offshore Drilling, Inc. (DO) Daniel Kerzner Sells 36,000 Shares of Alarm.com Holdings, Inc. (ALRM) Stock Elissa Fink Sells 5,000 Shares of Tableau Software, Inc. (DATA) Stock Eaton Vance Tax-Managed Global Buy-Write (ETW) to Issue $0.10 Monthly Dividend Fiserv, Inc. to Post Q1 2017 Earnings of $1.18 Per Share, SunTrust Banks Forecasts (FISV) Marriott International (MAR) Receives $83.98 Average Target Price from Brokerages Carbonite Inc (CARB) Forecasted to Post FY2016 Earnings of $0.29 Per Share February 4th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Trevor Kearing Filed Under: Analyst Articles - Estimates - Finance Tweet Carbonite Inc (NASDAQ:CARB) – Research analysts at B. Riley upped their FY2016 earnings per share estimates for shares of Carbonite in a research note issued to investors on Wednesday. B. Riley analyst I. Corydon now forecasts that the brokerage will post earnings of $0.29 per share for the year, up from their prior estimate of $0.27. B. Riley currently has a “Buy” rating and a $22.50 target price on the stock. B. Riley also issued estimates for Carbonite’s Q1 2017 earnings at $0.04 EPS, Q3 2017 earnings at $0.14 EPS, Q4 2017 earnings at $0.18 EPS and FY2017 earnings at $0.43 EPS. Several other equities analysts have also issued reports on CARB. Zacks Investment Research upgraded Carbonite from a “hold” rating to a “strong-buy” rating and set a $22.00 target price for the company in a research report on Friday. TheStreet upgraded Carbonite from a “sell” rating to a “hold” rating in a report on Friday, November 4th. Finally, Oppenheimer Holdings, Inc. reiterated an “outperform” rating and set a $22.00 price objective (up previously from $21.00) on shares of Carbonite in a report on Monday, November 21st. One analyst has rated the stock with a hold rating, three have assigned a buy rating and one has assigned a strong buy rating to the company. Carbonite currently has a consensus rating of “Buy” and an average price target of $19.63. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY WARNING: This report was first posted by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are reading this report on another website, it was illegally copied and republished in violation of U.S. & international copyright & trademark law. The correct version of this report can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/02/04/carbonite-inc-carb-forecasted-to-post-fy2016-earnings-of-0-29-per-share.html. Shares of Carbonite (NASDAQ:CARB) opened at 20.40 on Friday. Carbonite has a one year low of $6.50 and a one year high of $20.48. The firm’s market capitalization is $556.06 million. The firm has a 50-day moving average of $16.85 and a 200-day moving average of $15.60. Several large investors have recently made changes to their positions in the company. Schwab Charles Investment Management Inc. boosted its stake in shares of Carbonite by 42.0% in the second quarter. Schwab Charles Investment Management Inc. now owns 71,165 shares of the company’s stock worth $693,000 after buying an additional 21,060 shares in the last quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. boosted its stake in shares of Carbonite by 74.8% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 190,959 shares of the company’s stock worth $2,933,000 after buying an additional 81,740 shares in the last quarter. Bank of Montreal Can boosted its stake in shares of Carbonite by 5,892.4% in the third quarter. Bank of Montreal Can now owns 831,085 shares of the company’s stock worth $12,765,000 after buying an additional 817,216 shares in the last quarter. Bank of New York Mellon Corp boosted its stake in shares of Carbonite by 2.7% in the second quarter. Bank of New York Mellon Corp now owns 220,164 shares of the company’s stock worth $2,142,000 after buying an additional 5,694 shares in the last quarter. Finally, Punch & Associates Investment Management Inc. bought a new stake in shares of Carbonite during the third quarter worth about $4,316,000. Institutional investors own 85.16% of the company’s stock. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY WARNING: This report was first posted by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are reading this report on another website, it was illegally copied and republished in violation of U.S. & international copyright & trademark law. The correct version of this report can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/02/04/carbonite-inc-carb-forecasted-to-post-fy2016-earnings-of-0-29-per-share.html. In other Carbonite news, VP Danielle Sheer sold 105,530 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Friday, January 13th. The stock was sold at an average price of $17.51, for a total value of $1,847,830.30. Following the sale, the vice president now owns 107,717 shares in the company, valued at approximately $1,886,124.67. The transaction was disclosed in a document filed with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is available at this hyperlink. Also, SVP Paul S. Mellinger sold 1,359 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Thursday, February 2nd. The shares were sold at an average price of $18.98, for a total value of $25,793.82. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Insiders have sold a total of 425,103 shares of company stock worth $7,714,631 in the last quarter. 15.80% of the stock is currently owned by company insiders. About Carbonite Carbonite, Inc (Carbonite) is a provider of cloud and business continuity solutions. The Company’s solutions are designed to address the specific needs of small and medium sized businesses and individuals. It offers various solutions, such as Carbonite Personal, Carbonite Pro, Carbonite Server Backup and MailStore. Receive News & Ratings for Carbonite Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Carbonite Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News White House Announces Conway Was Counseled Warren Receives Support After GOP Formally Silences Her Report: Trump Was Not Completely Briefed on Bannon NSC Seat Justice Department Will Challenge Stop to Travel Ban President Trump Cancels Harley-Davidson Trip Due to Possible Protests © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Finance BI Intelligence Events Trending Tech Insider Finance Politics Strategy Life Sports Video All × From To You have successfully emailed the post. × 
     

 Here's the memo Larry Fink, the head of the world's largest investor, just sent to staff on these 'uneasy' times Matt Turner Feb. 2, 2017, 11:46 AM 17,418 facebook linkedin twitter email print REUTERS/Toru Hanai Larry Fink, the chief executive at BlackRock, which with $5.1 trillion is the world's biggest investor, just sent a memo to his staff addressing what he described as an "uncertain" and "uneasy" time. "As we move forward in 2017, I ask each of you to help us better understand the many cultures and nations we serve," he said in the memo. "Lend your ear to differing voices and opinions. Embrace the diversity of our people and the world around us." Fink is one of several Wall Street CEOs who has sent a memo to employees in recent weeks, with many addressing President Donald Trump's move to sign an executive order temporarily barring entry to the US by all refugees and by citizens of seven majority-Muslim countries. Fink on Monday sent a memo to staff, also signed by Blackrock president Rob Kapito and Jeff Smith, global head of human resources, addressing the executive order.  JPMorgan has set up a hotline for those who think they may be affected by the executive order. Goldman Sachs CEO Lloyd Blankfein sent a memo to employees vowing to minimize any disruption resulting from the order. And Mike Corbat, the CEO of Citigroup, said "we are concerned about the message the executive order sends." Here's the memo from Fink in full: Executive Communication Renewing our principles as a global leader To: All employees Dear colleagues, For most of the last half century, the trend of globalization has moved almost exclusively in one direction: forward. Fueled by the transformative power of technology, the flow of people, goods, and capital accelerated across international borders. Nations grew closer together. The world became more intertwined and interdependent. Today, however, globalization is in retreat. The backlash against globalization that began in the Middle East, then spread to Europe, has now taken firm root in the U.S. While globalization has fueled economic growth and lifted millions out of poverty, it has also created dislocation and distributed benefits unevenly. As a result, economic nationalism is rising in many countries. The security and trade architecture that has governed recent decades is being redefined, and we are likely to see a fragmentation of global trade and capital flows as a result. At this time of profound change, I think it is important for us as a firm to recommit ourselves to certain core principles. First, we must rededicate ourselves to operating as a truly global company. Since our founding 29 years ago, BlackRock has sought to engage with and embrace talent and clients from cultures in all corners of the world. We will not retreat from that commitment. I have frequently talked about the need to be local in every market where we operate. The current environment makes that more urgent than ever. While we need to operate as One BlackRock across the globe, we also need to be German in Germany, Japanese in Japan and Mexican in Mexico. Even as we leverage the benefits of our global scale, we need to work to be more relevant to our clients in each market than any local player. The needs of investors in São Paulo differ from those in London, as those in Abu Dhabi differ from those in Hong Kong. The market dynamics are different. The cultures are different. The way people save and invest are different. We need to understand those differences and deliver advice and solutions that meet the unique needs of clients in each market. We also need to be active and engaged corporate citizens in these communities. We need to promote our commitment to long-termism. We need to contribute constructively through the products and services we provide as well as our philanthropy, policy advocacy, and the relationships we forge. As part of these efforts, BlackRock’s senior leadership engages with governments and leaders around the world – from the White House to 10 Downing to Zhongnanhai – when we believe engaging in public-private dialogue is necessary for long-term solutions. Second, we must renew our commitment to diversity and inclusion. These cannot be buzzwords – they are principles by which we must live. The employees of BlackRock represent more than 50 nations and speak more than 100 languages. We are people of many races, faiths, and cultures. That diversity is our strength. To deliver our commitments to our clients, we must attract the best talent, wherever we find it in the world. We need to nurture a culture where people of all types feel valued, included, and encouraged to reach their full potential. I recognize that this is an uncertain time – and an uneasy one. More than ever, we must continue to lead by example, living out our commitment to inclusion and to strengthening our ties with clients and partners around the world. As we move forward in 2017, I ask each of you to help us better understand the many cultures and nations we serve. Lend your ear to differing voices and opinions. Embrace the diversity of our people and the world around us. Deepen the bonds with the communities in which we operate. That always has been, and will remain, the BlackRock way. Larry Fink Chairman and CEO UPDATE: This story has been updated to reflect the fact that Larry Fink and his colleagues Rob Kapito and Jeff Smith sent a memo to staff on Monday addressing the US executive order restricting travel from seven countries in the Middle East and Africa. SEE ALSO: Wall Street just got a powerful reminder of the 'other things' that go with a Trump presidency NOW WATCH: The wealth of these 8 men equals the bottom 50% of the entire world Loading video... More: BlackRock facebook linkedin twitter email print × Recommended For You Powered by Sailthru Here's the memo Larry Fink, the head of the world's largest investor, just sent to staff on these 'uneasy' times Here's the memo Larry Fink, the head of the world's largest investor, just sent to staff on these 'uneasy' times Larry Fink, the chief executive at BlackRock... Recommended For You Disclaimer Featured How this astronaut overcame failure and rejection to land his dream job More "Idea Factory" » We just created the best Google Chrome extension on the market for latest news headlines More "BI Innovations" » Finance Emails & Alerts Get the best of Business Insider delivered to your inbox every day. Sign-Up Get the Slide Deck from Henry Blodget's IGNITION Presentation on the Future of Digital     Read Business Insider On The Go Available on iOS or Android Find A Job Tech Jobs C-Level Jobs Media Jobs Design Jobs Finance Jobs Sales Jobs See All Jobs » Thanks to our partners Follow us on: Also check out: * Copyright © 2017 Business Insider Inc. All rights reserved. Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. Disclaimer Commerce Policy Made in NYC Stock quotes by finanzen.net International Editions: UK DE AUS ID IN MY SG PL SE NL FR IT JP
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy   Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Coca Cola Femsa S.A.B. de C.V. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Coca Cola Femsa S.A.B. de C.V. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Teradata Co. (TDC) Issues Quarterly Earnings Results Stewart Information Services Corporation (STC) Releases Earnings Results, Beats Expectations By $0.16 EPS Wedbush Analysts Lower Earnings Estimates for O’Reilly Automotive, Inc. (ORLY) Amazon.com, Inc. (AMZN) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by SunTrust Banks, Inc. Edwards Lifesciences Corporation (EW) PT Set at $120.00 by Credit Suisse Group L Brands Inc (LB) Given a $75.00 Price Target by Oppenheimer Holdings, Inc. Analysts The Blackstone Group L.P. (BX) Given a $40.00 Price Target by Credit Suisse Group Analysts Suncor Energy Inc. (SU) Shares Gap Up After Dividend Announcement Buffalo Wild Wings, Inc. (BWLD) Rating Reiterated by Robert W. Baird Analysts Set Tyson Foods, Inc. (TSN) PT at $70.72 Nationstar Mortgage Holdings Inc. (NSM) Receives $15.14 Average Price Target from Brokerages Royal Bank Of Canada (RY) Receives $86.00 Average PT from Analysts Brokerages Set Sherwin-Williams Co (SHW) PT at $328.06 Aerohive Networks, Inc. (HIVE) Scheduled to Post Quarterly Earnings on Tuesday TELUS Corporation (TU) Posts Earnings Results, Misses Expectations By $0.04 EPS Macquarie Reaffirms “Outperform” Rating for Sky Plc (SKY) Exelixis, Inc. (EXEL) Upgraded to “Buy” by Zacks Investment Research International Paper Company (IP) Downgraded by Zacks Investment Research Terra Nitrogen Company, L.P. (TNH) Plans $1.22 Quarterly Dividend ClearBridge Energy MLP Fund Inc (CEM) Announces Quarterly Dividend of $0.36 Analysts Set Coca Cola Femsa S.A.B. de C.V. (KOF) Target Price at $93.50 February 4th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Trevor Kearing Filed Under: Consensus Rating Articles - Finance Tweet Coca Cola Femsa S.A.B. de C.V. (NYSE:KOF) has earned a consensus rating of “Hold” from the seven analysts that are presently covering the company. Four analysts have rated the stock with a hold recommendation and two have assigned a buy recommendation to the company. The average 1-year price objective among brokers that have issued a report on the stock in the last year is $93.50. A number of research firms have weighed in on KOF. Zacks Investment Research upgraded Coca Cola Femsa S.A.B. de C.V. from a “strong sell” rating to a “hold” rating in a research report on Thursday, January 19th. Barclays PLC restated a “buy” rating and issued a $72.00 target price (down from $86.00) on shares of Coca Cola Femsa S.A.B. de C.V. in a research report on Saturday, January 14th. Citigroup Inc. restated a “neutral” rating on shares of Coca Cola Femsa S.A.B. de C.V. in a research report on Saturday, October 29th. Finally, Credit Suisse Group restated a “buy” rating on shares of Coca Cola Femsa S.A.B. de C.V. in a research report on Thursday, October 27th. Several hedge funds and other institutional investors have recently bought and sold shares of the stock. Vontobel Asset Management Inc. boosted its position in Coca Cola Femsa S.A.B. de C.V. by 29.4% in the third quarter. Vontobel Asset Management Inc. now owns 606,618 shares of the company’s stock valued at $45,495,000 after buying an additional 137,920 shares in the last quarter. Aperio Group LLC boosted its position in Coca Cola Femsa S.A.B. de C.V. by 9.9% in the third quarter. Aperio Group LLC now owns 39,311 shares of the company’s stock valued at $2,948,000 after buying an additional 3,547 shares in the last quarter. Pring Turner Capital Group Inc. purchased a new stake in shares of Coca Cola Femsa S.A.B. de C.V. during the second quarter valued at about $2,533,000. Analytic Investors LLC increased its stake in shares of Coca Cola Femsa S.A.B. de C.V. by 23.0% in the third quarter. Analytic Investors LLC now owns 16,780 shares of the company’s stock valued at $1,258,000 after buying an additional 3,140 shares during the period. Finally, JPMorgan Chase & Co. increased its stake in shares of Coca Cola Femsa S.A.B. de C.V. by 76.3% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 61,230 shares of the company’s stock valued at $4,593,000 after buying an additional 26,500 shares during the period. 5.73% of the stock is currently owned by institutional investors. Shares of Coca Cola Femsa S.A.B. de C.V. (NYSE:KOF) opened at 64.07 on Thursday. The stock’s 50 day moving average price is $62.43 and its 200 day moving average price is $71.25. Coca Cola Femsa S.A.B. de C.V. has a 12-month low of $59.44 and a 12-month high of $87.58. The firm has a market cap of $13.28 billion, a PE ratio of 28.08 and a beta of 0.82. TRADEMARK VIOLATION NOTICE: This news story was reported by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are reading this news story on another domain, it was illegally copied and reposted in violation of US & international trademark and copyright law. The correct version of this news story can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/02/04/analysts-set-coca-cola-femsa-s-a-b-de-c-v-kof-target-price-at-93-50.html. About Coca Cola Femsa S.A.B. de C.V. Coca-Cola FEMSA, SAB. de C.V. is a franchise bottler of Coca-Cola trademark beverages across the world. The Company and its subsidiaries are engaged in the production, distribution and marketing of certain Coca-Cola beverages. It is also engaged in acquiring, holding and transferring all types of bonds, shares and marketable securities. Receive News & Ratings for Coca Cola Femsa S.A.B. de C.V. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Coca Cola Femsa S.A.B. de C.V. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Warren Receives Support After GOP Formally Silences Her Report: Trump Was Not Completely Briefed on Bannon NSC Seat Justice Department Will Challenge Stop to Travel Ban President Trump Cancels Harley-Davidson Trip Due to Possible Protests White House Appears to Pull Back on Part of Policy on Vetting © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
About these ads Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window) Share on Skype (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Click to share on WhatsApp (Opens in new window) Like this: Like Loading..." /> Edition: International | About Us Contact Us Privacy Policy Terms of Use News Release Article Submission Monday 06 February, 2017 Breaking News > Football, Latest Stories, Sports Man United beats struggling champion Leicester 3-... Trending Topics: -Demonetisation - Donald Trump - India v/s England Cricket - South Asia - Elections Man United beats struggling champion Leicester 3-0 in EPL Bobadilla gets Augsburg winner; Frankfurt 3rd in Bundesliga Sevilla loses ground after home draw with Villarreal Benfica beats Nacional to stay ahead of Porto in Portugal WHO: Early Cancer Diagnosis Could Save Millions of Lives Business World INDIA Delhi/NCR Sports Football Hockey Cricket Politics Entertainment Environment Technology space Health Op – eds Home Latest Stories Art & Lifestyle Food & Drinks Spirituality Travel Videos Press Release E- PAPER Published On: Sun, Feb 5th, 2017 Business News / Latest Stories | By New Delhi Times Bureau Banks lead stock surge as investors hope for regulation cuts Share This Tags Banks and other financial companies made big gains Friday after President Donald Trump moved to scale back regulations on the financial industry. Other stocks also rose as investors were also pleased that employers hired workers at a faster pace in January. Financial stocks made their biggest gains since shortly after the presidential election as Trump took his first steps to reduce regulations, which could boost profits for investment firms. The Labor Department said hiring sped up last month, a positive sign for the economy. Small-company stocks, which stand to benefit more than others from stronger economic growth, make sharp gains. Financial companies have made huge gains since Trump’s election, and his pledge to cut laws and rules that govern the industry is a major reason. “They’re going to benefit from not having all of this onerous red tape,” said Karyn Cavanaugh of Voya Investment Strategies. “That’s why we see the rallies every time they talk about regulation.” Cavanaugh said a reduction in regulations could also help banks lend more and speed up economic growth, which could benefit many other industries. The Dow Jones industrial average jumped 186.55 points, or 0.9 percent, to 20,071.46. The Standard & Poor’s 500 index advanced 16.57 points, or 0.7 percent, to 2,297.42. The Nasdaq composite picked up 30.57 points, or 0.5 percent, to close at a record high of 5,666.77. The Russell 2000 index of smaller-company stocks climbed 20.41 points, or 1.5 percent, to 1,377.84. Smaller, domestically-focused companies may have more to gain than their larger peers from faster growth in the U.S. The Russell made big gains at the end of 2016 based on those hopes. On Friday Trump directed the Treasury Secretary to look for potential changes to the Dodd-Frank law, which reshaped financial regulations after the 2008-09 financial crisis. The order does not have any immediate impact, but investors applauded its intent. Trump also signed a memorandum that delayed an Obama-era rule that requires financial professionals who charge commissions to put their clients’ interests first when giving advice on retirement investments. JPMorgan Chase added $2.59, or 3.1 percent, to $87.18 and Goldman Sachs rose $10.54, or 4.6 percent, to $240.95. Morgan Stanley gained $2.30, or 5.5 percent, to $44.43. Smaller banks, which could find it easier to lend money if regulations are cut, also traded higher. Texas Capital Bancshares picked up $2.85, or 3.4 percent, to $86.10 and East West Bancorp rose $2.26, or 4.5 percent, to $52.72. U.S. employers added 227,000 jobs in January, according to the Labor Department. That’s more than last year’s average monthly gain of 187,000. The unemployment rate ticked up to a low 4.8 percent from 4.7 percent in December as more people started looking for work. That helped smaller companies and industrial stocks, both of which would benefit from faster economic growth. Visa said shoppers stepped up their use of debit and credit cards in the latest quarter, and the payment processing company also benefited from its acquisition of Visa Europe. Its profit and revenue were stronger than analysts expected, and Visa’s stock jumped $3.78, or 4.6 percent, to $86.08. Online retail giant Amazon traded lower as investors grew concerned about its sales. The company’s fourth-quarter sales fell short of analyst estimates, and so did its forecast for revenue in the current quarter. The stock gave up $29.75, or 3.5 percent, to $810.20. Macy’s stock soared after the Wall Street Journal reported that Hudson’s Bay Co., the owner of Saks Fifth Avenue, could buy the department store chain. The companies declined to comment. Macy’s jumped $1.97, or 6.4 percent, to $32.69. The stock has been trading around five-year lows. Hudson’s Bay stock rose almost 4 percent in Toronto. Biotech drugmaker Amgen disclosed a bigger profit and better sales than analysts had expected. It also reported results from a study that showed its new cholesterol drug Repatha reduced the risk of death, heart attack and stroke in patients with advanced atherosclerotic cardiovascular disease. That could help boost prescriptions for the drug. Amgen jumped $7.95, or 5 percent, to $167.53. Underwear, t-shirt and sock maker Hanesbrands announced surprisingly weak holiday sales and gave disappointing projections for the year. Its stock slumped $3.73, or 16.4 percent, to $18.98, its lowest price in almost three years. Bond prices wobbled, then turned higher. The yield on the 10-year Treasury note fell to 2.47 percent from 2.48 percent. Benchmark U.S. crude added 29 cents to $53.83 a barrel in New York. Brent crude, used to price international oils, added 25 cents to $56.81 a barrel in London. Gold inched up $1.40 to $1,220.80 an ounce. Silver added 5 cents to $17.48 an ounce. Copper lost 7 cents, or 2.6 percent, to $2.62 a pound. In other energy trading, wholesale gasoline rose 2 cents to $1.55 a gallon. Heating oil picked up 1 cent to $1.67 a gallon. Natural gas dropped 12 cents, or 3.9 percent, to $3.06 per 1,000 cubic feet. The dollar rose to 112.96 yen from 112.70 yen. The euro inched up to $1.0765 from $1.0764. France’s CAC 40 jumped 0.6 percent. The British FTSE 100 rose 0.7 percent while Germany’s DAX added 0.2 percent. The Nikkei 225 in Tokyo finish almost unchanged and Seoul’s Kospi added 0.1 percent. The Hang Seng in Hong Kong shed 0.2 percent. Credit : Associated Press (AP) | Photo Credit : (AP) About these ads Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window) Share on Skype (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Click to share on WhatsApp (Opens in new window) Like this: Like Loading... About the Author New Delhi Times Bureau - Related News Man United beats struggling champion Leicester 3-0 in EPL Bobadilla gets Augsburg winner; Frankfurt 3rd in Bundesliga Sevilla loses ground after home draw with Villarreal Benfica beats Nacional to stay ahead of Porto in Portugal Tweet Pin It New Delhi Times A-2/59 Safdarjung Enclave New Delhi 110029, INDIA +91 11 26102520 info@newdelhitimes.com Top Posts & Pages Cliffs collapse at Hawaii volcano, stopping 'firehose' flow Oswalt says heart condition, meds killed wife India - UAE relations open new frontiers of bilateralism Subscribe Enter your email address Email Address Copyright © New Delhi Times , All Rights Reserved 2016, info@newdelhitimes.com Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. %d bloggers like this:
Sponsored StoryPlus Sponsored Features Cars CarsIreland.ie Used Car Search Car Dealers Jobs Jobs Dating TheMeetingPoint.ie Mature Gay Deaths iNotices.ie Deaths Fitlive.ie Fitlive.ie Events Training Hotels Archive Deals Subscribe Digital Edition Home Delivery Newsletters Independent.ie News Irish News News Politics Education Health Courts Crime World News Europe Britain North America President Trump Latin America Middle East Asia-Pacific Australasia Africa War On Terror Local Papers Weather Forecast Upload your Weather photos Opinion Letters Columnists Editorial Comment Business Brexit Irish Media & Marketing Budget 2017 Rich List 2016 World Technology Tech & Gaming Infosec 2016 Reviews Personal Finance Latest News Property & Mortgages Pensions Switching Saturday How Much is Your House Worth? Small Business Latest News Advice Centre Your Stories FarmIreland Jobs Commercial Property In The Workplace Sport Six Nations Soccer Premier League Champions League Other Soccer International Soccer League of Ireland Euro 2016 GAA Gaelic Football Hurling Sigerson & Fitzgibbon Cups Ladies Football Camogie Rugby Six Nations The Left Wing Champions Cup Guinness Pro12 Other Rugby International Rugby Leinster Rugby Munster Rugby Connacht Rugby Ulster Rugby Schools Rugby Rugby World Cup Golf Horse Racing Other Sports Greyhounds MMA LeftField Sigerson & Fitzgibbon Cups The Left Wing Life Health & Wellbeing Health Features Healthy Eating Fitness Mental Health Home & Garden New Homes Homes Interiors Gardens Family Family Features Mothers & Babies Parenting Learning Food & Drink Food News Recipes Food Reviews Wine Table Talk Motoring News Reviews International Talk Style Celebrity Celebrity News Celebrity Features Fashion Fashion News Fashion Fix Style Talk Beauty Body Makeup Hair Sex & Relationships Weddings Voices Galleries Society Competitions Entertainment Movies Movie News Movie Reviews Television TV News TV Reviews Music Music News Music Reviews Windmill Lane Radio Books Book News Book Reviews Theatre & Arts Games Festivals SummerFest Upload your festival photos Banter Cute Gizmo Videos Trending Coffee Break Competitions Horoscopes Lotto Crosswords Windmill Lane Travel Travel News Reader Travel Awards Ireland Europe World/USA Family Cruise Ski Travel TV Hotels Northern Ireland Video Podcasts Search Go Follow Facebook Twitter Contact Email User Business World Saturday 11 February 2017 Wall Street banks faces stress tests to prove strength Jesse Hamilton Published 05/02/2017 | 02:30 0 Comments Share Wall Street banks faces stress tests to prove strength Independent.ie Wall Street banks will have to show they could survive a major global recession as part of an annual Federal Reserve exercise aimed at ensuring the biggest lenders aren't vulnerable to a new financial crisis. http://www.independent.ie/business/world/wall-street-banks-faces-stress-tests-to-prove-strength-35424128.html http://www.independent.ie/world-news/article35424205.ece/fbe86/AUTOCROP/h342/PANews_P-443a0992-ccfe-40ae-bd17-9effeba7a755_I1.jpg Email The stress tests, which were introduced after the 2008 financial crisis, have driven capital levels higher as banks try to ensure they're not among those buckling under the Fed's nightmare scenarios (Stock picture) Wall Street banks will have to show they could survive a major global recession as part of an annual Federal Reserve exercise aimed at ensuring the biggest lenders aren't vulnerable to a new financial crisis. Share Wall Street banks faces stress tests to prove strength Independent.ie Wall Street banks will have to show they could survive a major global recession as part of an annual Federal Reserve exercise aimed at ensuring the biggest lenders aren't vulnerable to a new financial crisis. http://www.independent.ie/business/world/wall-street-banks-faces-stress-tests-to-prove-strength-35424128.html http://www.independent.ie/world-news/article35424205.ece/fbe86/AUTOCROP/h342/PANews_P-443a0992-ccfe-40ae-bd17-9effeba7a755_I1.jpg Email Go To Comments The stress-test scenarios released on Friday by the Fed will be used to determine whether firms such as JPMorgan, Goldman Sachs and Deutsche Bank are strong enough to withstand a major blow to the broader economy. Good performance could give banks more leeway to pay dividends to their shareholders and buy back stock. The newly-released scenarios feature the jobless rate climbing 5.25 percentage points to 10pc and difficulties in corporate lending. Most midsize and smaller US lenders will get a big break this year after the Fed said earlier this week that it would let them escape from one of the toughest parts of the exams. Banks are required to submit their capital plans and stress test results to the Fed by April 5. The central bank said it will announce the results before the end of June. The stress tests, which were introduced after the 2008 financial crisis, have driven capital levels higher as banks try to ensure they're not among those buckling under the Fed's nightmare scenarios. On Monday, the central bank said only the 13 biggest lenders will now face the so-called qualitative side of the tests, where many have been tripped up in the past. The annual reviews required under the Dodd-Frank Act could be under a different sort of stress as President Donald Trump calls for a sweeping review of the 2010 law as part of an attack on what he sees as over-regulation. Though the stress tests weren't specifically named, they were a core part in the post-crisis overhaul required by the law, and industry groups are waiting to see whether those and similar requirements get easier in the future. Trump is also weighing nominations for key positions including Fed vice chairman for supervision. Bloomberg Sunday Indo Business Follow @Indobusiness Read More American stocks extend gains as Opec cut helps lift crude oil  Bloomberg US stocks extended to all-time highs as crude rallied, while Treasuries slipped with gold after a White House promise to overhaul business taxes rejuvenated reflation trades. Republican plan to ease Wall Street rules as party embraces deregulation  Patrick Rucker The Republican chairman of a key House of Representatives committee has laid out his plan to roll back Wall Street rules and consumer protections conceived after the 2008 financial crisis, a step that... Romania and its Nato base a ‘clear threat’, says Russia  Roland Oliphant in London The Russian government views Romania as a military threat whose government is pursuing “Russophobic” policies, a senior diplomat said. Recommended Videos from Most Read Most Shared Most Commented Republican plan to ease Wall Street rules as party embraces deregulation  World American stocks extend gains as Opec cut helps lift crude oil  World Nervous investors retreat from euro amid fears over EU election upheaval  World Comment: Melania Trump isn't the innocent bystander we think she is  Voices 'Savage' biker headbutted hero cyclist in front of his daughter  Courts Police seek key witness after Irish woman (29) is killed by train in England  Irish News HSE staff went on bonding trip as 'secret waiting lists' scandal emerged  Health Taoiseach and Tánaiste leave Zappone isolated as Cabinet left struggling with Tusla...  Irish News Hillary Clinton trolls Donald Trump over his '3-0' travel ban defeat Liverpool FC bans journalists from The Sun from Anfield and Melwood training ground over Hillsborough coverage 'We will be having a quiet party with family and friends' - Dublin workers syndicate pick up €88.5m lotto win Comment: Melania Trump isn't the innocent bystander we think she is Promoted articles Editors Choice Also in Business American stocks extend gains as Opec cut helps lift crude oil US stocks extended to all-time highs as crude rallied,... Republican plan to ease Wall Street rules as party embraces deregulation The Republican chairman of a key House of... Romania and its Nato base a ‘clear threat’, says Russia The Russian government views Romania as a military threat whose government... European shares up for third straight day European shares climbed for a third consecutive session on Thursday, with some... IMF reforms report too pessimistic, say Greeks Greece has pushed back against the International Monetary Fund's (IMF) view that the... Nervous investors retreat from euro amid fears over EU election upheaval Political uncertainty ahead of European elections... Beyoncé CD sales help Sony ring up higher Irish profits up 18pc to €312k Sales of CDs by global artists, Calvin Harris and... US has 'huge economic interest' in Norwegian Air as it's set to fly low-cost from... America has a "huge economic interest" in the success... Turkish Islamist hackers group blamed for bringing Austria parliament website down Austria's parliament said that a Turkish Islamist... Lloyds to carry out review into customers who fell victim to HBOS fraud Lloyds Banking Group said it will carry out a review and... hp_kyran.mp4 How better animal husbandry can make a herd more profitable VIDEO: How Much Is Your House Worth? Ireland's most comprehensive survey of prices shows calm in the capital, heated... VIDEO: Facebook takes fake news ' very seriously' Nicola Mendelsohn, Facebook's Vice President for Europe, the Middle East and... VIDEO: Russia releases silver Trump commemorative coin A Russian company has issued silver coins with Donald Trump's face on them to... VIDEO - May: Maintaining common travel area with Ireland a priority 'The family ties and bonds of affection that... VIDEO: Take a first look at the brand new Nintendo Switch Some lucky gamers get first dibs on the new Nintendo Switch console before it... VIDEO: Revealed - Which is better? Cows milk or almond milk? VIDEO: Donald Trump's top five Twitter feuds Following his latest online spat with Meryl Streep, take a look back at... VIDEO: Record airlift of thoroughbreds from Ireland to China as 76 animals airlifted from Shannon Press Photographer Association of Ireland (PPAI) awards - winning pictures Press Photographer of the Year 2017 Gerry Mooney - A Portfolio In pictures: Shakira and Forest Whitaker attend annual World Economic Forum (WEF) From magic mirrors to kissing robots - the best from the world's biggest tech show Gallery: Around rural Ireland this week in 11 pictures In Pictures: Ministers on Budget Day Instagram's most popular accounts - in pictures Samsung's Galaxy Note 7 goes up in flames during lab test in terrifying new pictures Ploughing Championship 2016 Every iPhone ranked: from worst to best By using this website you consent to our use of cookies. For more information on cookies see our Cookie Policy This site uses cookies. By continuing to browse the site you are agreeing to our use of cookies. See our Privacy & Cookie Policy News Irish News World News Opinion Weather News Topics Business Irish World Technology Personal Finance Small Business FarmIreland Commercial Property Media & Marketing Sport Soccer GAA Rugby Golf Horse Racing Greyhounds Other Sports LeftField Life Food & Drink Travel Motoring Health & Wellbeing Family Home & Garden Style Celebrity Fashion Beauty Sex & Relationships Weddings LookBook Competitions Entertainment Movies Television Music Games Radio Books Theatre & Arts Festivals Trending Coffee Break Follow Facebook Twitter Contact Email User Search Go Mobile site Sitemap Contact Us Terms & Conditions Privacy Statement Advertise with Us Group Websites © Independent.ie Independent.ie News Irish News News Politics Education Health Courts Crime World News Europe Britain North America President Trump Latin America Middle East Asia-Pacific Australasia Africa War On Terror Local Papers Weather Forecast Upload your Weather photos Opinion Letters Columnists Editorial Comment Business Brexit Irish Media & Marketing Budget 2017 Rich List 2016 World Technology Tech & Gaming Infosec 2016 Reviews Personal Finance Latest News Property & Mortgages Pensions Switching Saturday How Much is Your House Worth? Small Business Latest News Advice Centre Your Stories FarmIreland Jobs Commercial Property In The Workplace Sport Six Nations Soccer Premier League Champions League Other Soccer International Soccer League of Ireland Euro 2016 GAA Gaelic Football Hurling Sigerson & Fitzgibbon Cups Ladies Football Camogie Rugby Six Nations The Left Wing Champions Cup Guinness Pro12 Other Rugby International Rugby Leinster Rugby Munster Rugby Connacht Rugby Ulster Rugby Schools Rugby Rugby World Cup Golf Horse Racing Other Sports Greyhounds MMA LeftField Sigerson & Fitzgibbon Cups The Left Wing Life Health & Wellbeing Health Features Healthy Eating Fitness Mental Health Home & Garden New Homes Homes Interiors Gardens Family Family Features Mothers & Babies Parenting Learning Food & Drink Food News Recipes Food Reviews Wine Table Talk Motoring News Reviews International Talk Style Celebrity Celebrity News Celebrity Features Fashion Fashion News Fashion Fix Style Talk Beauty Body Makeup Hair Sex & Relationships Weddings Voices Galleries Society Competitions Entertainment Movies Movie News Movie Reviews Television TV News TV Reviews Music Music News Music Reviews Windmill Lane Radio Books Book News Book Reviews Theatre & Arts Games Festivals SummerFest Upload your festival photos Banter Cute Gizmo Videos Trending Coffee Break Competitions Horoscopes Lotto Crosswords Windmill Lane Travel Travel News Reader Travel Awards Ireland Europe World/USA Family Cruise Ski Travel TV Hotels Northern Ireland Video Podcasts Search Go
Want up-to-the- minute news? Sign up for HAMODIA'S Breaking News Emails* *You can select which emails you'd like to receive. Go × Home | Archive | Advertise | Subscribe | About Us | Contact Us י"ד שבט תשע"ז   |   Friday, February 10, 2017 Hamodia - The daily newspaper of torah jewry Subscribe to the Hamodia print edition Sections Business Tech World Regional Israel Community National Politics Op-Ed Features Letters Classifieds Business Wall St. Powered Higher by Banks, Jobs Data Wall St. Powered Higher by Banks, Jobs Data Saturday, February 4, 2017 at 6:10 pm | ח' שבט תשע"ז (AP Photo/Mark Lennihan, File) NEW YORK (Reuters) - Wall Street stocks climbed on Friday, with the S&P 500 nearly topping its record high, boosted by gains in financial shares as President Donald Trump moved ahead with deregulation action and a strong payrolls report. The S&P financial sector jumped 1.9 percent and was on pace for its best day since mid-November after President Trump signed an executive order to scale back regulations in the industry that were implemented in the wake of the financial crisis. JP Morgan Chase shares were up 2.8 percent at $87 as the biggest boost to the S&P 500 and helped push the S&P bank index up 2.5 percent. The U.S. public and private sectors created 227,000 jobs last month according to the Labor Department, far more than the 175,000 economists had expected. The unemployment rate ticked up to 4.8 percent while average hourly wages grew by only 3 cents or 0.1 percent, which is likely to keep the Federal Reserve on a gradual path to raise U.S. interest rates. “People seem to be more focused naturally on what new policies may be coming to the equity markets,” said Sean Lynch, co-head of global equity strategy at Wells Fargo Investment Institute in Omaha, Nebraska. “You put the jobs number back in the drawer and say it is slightly ahead and now people are going to be excited about what [President Trump] is saying about Dodd-Frank.” The financial sector has rocketed up more than 18 percent since the presidential election, while the bank sector has surged more than 25 percent on expectations Trump would scale back regulations. The Dow Jones Industrial Average rose 168.67 points, or 0.85 percent, to 20,053.58, the S&P 500 gained 14.93 points, or 0.65 percent, to 2,295.78 and the Nasdaq Composite added 20.34 points, or 0.36 percent, to 5,656.54. Friday’s gains helped the indexes recoup most, if not all, of the losses from earlier in the week. The S&P and the Nasdaq were holding near the unchanged mark, while the Dow is set to slip just 0.2 percent. Amazon.com fell 3.4 percent to $811.27 after the world’s largest online retailer forecast a surprise dip in operating profit for the current quarter. The stock pulled the S&P 500 consumer discretionary index down -0.1 as the only major S&P sector in negative territory for the session. Macy’s jumped, gaining 5.3 percent to $32.35 following a takeover approach from Canada’s Hudson’s Bay. Advancing issues outnumbered declining ones on the NYSE by a 3.71-to-1 ratio; on Nasdaq, a 2.50-to-1 ratio favored advancers. The S&P 500 posted 23 new 52-week highs and six new lows; the Nasdaq Composite recorded 115 new highs and 19 new lows. Filed under: Markets Print Email Gmail Related Wall Street Extends Seven-Week Rally After Jobs Data Wall St. Off as Pound Crashes, Jobs Data Keeps Fed on Track Wall St. Ends Up After Jobs Report; S&P Down for 2nd Week Wall St. Trims Gains; Yellen Speech Awaited Banks Lead Gains on Wall Street On Hopes for Higher Rates More in Business Business Briefs – February 9, 2017 Strong Company Earnings Drive U.S. Stock Indexes to New Highs GOP preparing plan to gut CFPB, roll back Wall Street regulations Trump Meets With Airline Execs; Laments Air-Traffic-Control System FOCUS: President Trump Takes Credit for F-35 Cost Cuts, but They’ve Been Planned for a While OP-ED A Living Kiddush Hashem You Shouldn’t Need to Show Your Papers to Get Medical Care The (Sensible) Fine Print on Trump’s Regulation Order Marine Le Pen’s Kippah Ban Proposal A Commendable Choice for the High Court Much Pain, No Gain Fortunate Fallout? The Role of a Great-Grandfather Thank G-d for Harry Reid A (Qualified) Defense of the Ban Vetting the Vetted Democrats Are Now the Party of ‘No.’ Is That Enough to Win Back the Country? Misophonia Watch Libya for the First Sign of Trump-Putin Collaboration Features The Difference Between Krias Yam Suf and the Makkos Room for Error Mishmeres HaSholom: Ask the Rav This Day In History 14 Shevat/February 10 פרשת המן – לחם משנה בשבת Aspirarional Nichum Aveilim 14 Shevat/February 10 Editorial Cartoon – February 10, 2017 Sudoku – February 10, 2017 Sudoku – February 9, 2017 You Must Be Joking Editorial Cartoon – February 9, 2017 Nichum Aveilim 13 Shevat/February 9 Six Ways to Keep Your Kids Healthy During Winter Weather » Brooklyn 19°F Clear See more locations » Stocks » NASDAQ 5,715.18 +32.73 (+0.58%) S&P 500 2,307.87 +13.20 (+0.58%) See more stocks » Currency » EUR 0.9378 GBP 0.7994 ILS 3.7453 CHF 1.0015 See more currencies » Got a news tip, picture or story to share? Contribute Sections Business Markets Technology World Regional Israel Community National Op-Ed Features Resources Weather Currency Stocks Zmanim Shiurim Simchas Readers Subscribe Letters Archives Classifieds Company Advertise Privacy Policy Terms of Use About Us Contact Us ➧
Finance BI Intelligence Events Trending Tech Insider Finance Politics Strategy Life Sports Video All × From To You have successfully emailed the post. × 
     

 Here's the memo Larry Fink, the head of the world's largest investor, just sent to staff on these 'uneasy' times Matt Turner Feb. 2, 2017, 11:46 AM 17,418 facebook linkedin twitter email print REUTERS/Toru Hanai Larry Fink, the chief executive at BlackRock, which with $5.1 trillion is the world's biggest investor, just sent a memo to his staff addressing what he described as an "uncertain" and "uneasy" time. "As we move forward in 2017, I ask each of you to help us better understand the many cultures and nations we serve," he said in the memo. "Lend your ear to differing voices and opinions. Embrace the diversity of our people and the world around us." Fink is one of several Wall Street CEOs who has sent a memo to employees in recent weeks, with many addressing President Donald Trump's move to sign an executive order temporarily barring entry to the US by all refugees and by citizens of seven majority-Muslim countries. Fink on Monday sent a memo to staff, also signed by Blackrock president Rob Kapito and Jeff Smith, global head of human resources, addressing the executive order.  JPMorgan has set up a hotline for those who think they may be affected by the executive order. Goldman Sachs CEO Lloyd Blankfein sent a memo to employees vowing to minimize any disruption resulting from the order. And Mike Corbat, the CEO of Citigroup, said "we are concerned about the message the executive order sends." Here's the memo from Fink in full: Executive Communication Renewing our principles as a global leader To: All employees Dear colleagues, For most of the last half century, the trend of globalization has moved almost exclusively in one direction: forward. Fueled by the transformative power of technology, the flow of people, goods, and capital accelerated across international borders. Nations grew closer together. The world became more intertwined and interdependent. Today, however, globalization is in retreat. The backlash against globalization that began in the Middle East, then spread to Europe, has now taken firm root in the U.S. While globalization has fueled economic growth and lifted millions out of poverty, it has also created dislocation and distributed benefits unevenly. As a result, economic nationalism is rising in many countries. The security and trade architecture that has governed recent decades is being redefined, and we are likely to see a fragmentation of global trade and capital flows as a result. At this time of profound change, I think it is important for us as a firm to recommit ourselves to certain core principles. First, we must rededicate ourselves to operating as a truly global company. Since our founding 29 years ago, BlackRock has sought to engage with and embrace talent and clients from cultures in all corners of the world. We will not retreat from that commitment. I have frequently talked about the need to be local in every market where we operate. The current environment makes that more urgent than ever. While we need to operate as One BlackRock across the globe, we also need to be German in Germany, Japanese in Japan and Mexican in Mexico. Even as we leverage the benefits of our global scale, we need to work to be more relevant to our clients in each market than any local player. The needs of investors in São Paulo differ from those in London, as those in Abu Dhabi differ from those in Hong Kong. The market dynamics are different. The cultures are different. The way people save and invest are different. We need to understand those differences and deliver advice and solutions that meet the unique needs of clients in each market. We also need to be active and engaged corporate citizens in these communities. We need to promote our commitment to long-termism. We need to contribute constructively through the products and services we provide as well as our philanthropy, policy advocacy, and the relationships we forge. As part of these efforts, BlackRock’s senior leadership engages with governments and leaders around the world – from the White House to 10 Downing to Zhongnanhai – when we believe engaging in public-private dialogue is necessary for long-term solutions. Second, we must renew our commitment to diversity and inclusion. These cannot be buzzwords – they are principles by which we must live. The employees of BlackRock represent more than 50 nations and speak more than 100 languages. We are people of many races, faiths, and cultures. That diversity is our strength. To deliver our commitments to our clients, we must attract the best talent, wherever we find it in the world. We need to nurture a culture where people of all types feel valued, included, and encouraged to reach their full potential. I recognize that this is an uncertain time – and an uneasy one. More than ever, we must continue to lead by example, living out our commitment to inclusion and to strengthening our ties with clients and partners around the world. As we move forward in 2017, I ask each of you to help us better understand the many cultures and nations we serve. Lend your ear to differing voices and opinions. Embrace the diversity of our people and the world around us. Deepen the bonds with the communities in which we operate. That always has been, and will remain, the BlackRock way. Larry Fink Chairman and CEO UPDATE: This story has been updated to reflect the fact that Larry Fink and his colleagues Rob Kapito and Jeff Smith sent a memo to staff on Monday addressing the US executive order restricting travel from seven countries in the Middle East and Africa. SEE ALSO: Wall Street just got a powerful reminder of the 'other things' that go with a Trump presidency NOW WATCH: The wealth of these 8 men equals the bottom 50% of the entire world Loading video... More: BlackRock facebook linkedin twitter email print × Recommended For You Powered by Sailthru Here's the memo Larry Fink, the head of the world's largest investor, just sent to staff on these 'uneasy' times Here's the memo Larry Fink, the head of the world's largest investor, just sent to staff on these 'uneasy' times Larry Fink, the chief executive at BlackRock... Recommended For You Disclaimer Featured How this astronaut overcame failure and rejection to land his dream job More "Idea Factory" » We just created the best Google Chrome extension on the market for latest news headlines More "BI Innovations" » Finance Emails & Alerts Get the best of Business Insider delivered to your inbox every day. Sign-Up Get the Slide Deck from Henry Blodget's IGNITION Presentation on the Future of Digital     Read Business Insider On The Go Available on iOS or Android Find A Job Tech Jobs C-Level Jobs Media Jobs Design Jobs Finance Jobs Sales Jobs See All Jobs » Thanks to our partners Follow us on: Also check out: * Copyright © 2017 Business Insider Inc. All rights reserved. Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. Disclaimer Commerce Policy Made in NYC Stock quotes by finanzen.net International Editions: UK DE AUS ID IN MY SG PL SE NL FR IT JP
continue to article News All Local News Search Last 36 hours Nation + World Environment Politics Justice Polygamy Health Care Education Weather Utah's Right Elevate Empower Utah Legal Notices Sports Utah Jazz RSL Utah Utes BYU Cougars USU Aggies WSU Wildcats Preps Grizzlies Bees Outdoors Winter Sports College Monson Kragthorpe All-time BYU football stats All-time Utes football stats Blogs Politics UPIN The Cricket TV Jazz Notes U of U Sports BYU Sports Prep Sports RSL Hiking Outdoors & Travel Sundance More Blogs Opinion Editorials Commentary Letters Bagley Cartoon Gehrke Rolly Cannon Kirby Blog: State of the Debate Submit a Letter Faith Religion news LDS Church Faith Blog Entertainment Calendar Film-Finder Movies Restaurants Lifestyle Arts Food Music TV Sundance Shopping Puzzles & Games Comics Horoscopes Cool Stuff The Legacy of Joe Hill I Love videos Whatever Happened To... Special Reports Videos Photo Galleries Utah Bucket List Preparing to play Paul Rolly Roast Money Top Workplaces The Realty Show Home Prices Obituaries Jobs Top Employer Top Educator Top Jobs Employment News Employers Post A Job Contact Us Homes Find a Home Find a Realtor Rentals Cars Find a car Browse Dealers Fuel Stop Top Workplaces Top Workplaces Subscribe    Print New Subscription Register for e-Edition Access your e-Edition Print Registration Print Login    sltrib.com Membership Become a Supporting Member Premium Ad-Free Site Login Account Login Member FAQ Toggle navigation News All Local News Search Last 36 hours Nation + World Environment Politics Justice Polygamy Health Care Education Weather Utah's Right Elevate Empower Utah Legal Notices    SPONSORED BY: Sports Utah Jazz RSL Utah Utes BYU Cougars USU Aggies WSU Wildcats Preps Grizzlies Bees Outdoors Winter Sports College Monson Kragthorpe All-time BYU football stats All-time Utes football stats Blogs Politics UPIN The Cricket TV Jazz Notes U of U Sports BYU Sports Prep Sports RSL Hiking Outdoors & Travel Sundance More Blogs Opinion Editorials Commentary Letters Bagley Cartoon Gehrke Rolly Cannon Kirby Blog: State of the Debate Submit a Letter Faith Religion news LDS Church Faith Blog Entertainment Sundance Calendar Film-Finder Movies Restaurants Lifestyle Arts Food Music TV Shopping Puzzles & Games Comics Horoscopes    SPONSORED BY: Cool Stuff The Legacy of Joe Hill I Love videos Whatever Happened To... Special Reports Videos Photo Galleries Utah Bucket List Preparing to play Paul Rolly Roast Money Top Workplaces The Realty Show Home Prices Obituaries Jobs Top Employer Top Educator Top Jobs Employment News Employers Post A Job Contact Us    SPONSORED BY: Homes Find a Home Find a Realtor Rentals Cars Find a car Browse Dealers Fuel Stop    SPONSORED BY: Top Workplaces Subscribe    Print New Subscription Register for e-Edition Access your e-Edition Print Registration Print Login    sltrib.com Membership Become a Supporting Member Premium Ad-Free Site Login Account Login Member FAQ Home » Opinion Salt Lake City 37 ° Traffic / Ski Report Stories from last 36 hours WWW.SLTRIB.COM FEB 11, 2017 Become a Member | Ad-Free Login Home » Opinion FEB 11, 2017  |  Salt Lake City 37 °  |  Traffic / Ski Report Stories from last 36 hours Become a Member | Ad-Free Login Home » Opinion Become a Member | Ad-Free Login Op-ed: No turning back on global economy, and S.L. County knows it By Steven Price First Published Feb 04 2017 03:42PM    •    Last Updated Feb 04 2017 03:42 pm Steven Price Steven Price Share This Article ARTICLE PHOTO GALLERY (2) We live in a global economy. We can't merely return to "simpler" times. Rather, we must purposefully engage with global markets in order to create more high-paying jobs domestically. Such strategic engagement is the goal of the Global Cities Initiative, a joint project with the Brookings Institution and JPMorgan Chase, which selected Salt Lake County as a metro partner. This strategic planning for global economic engagement is based on the fact that 95 percent of consumers live outside the U.S. and that 81 percent of global economic growth is projected to occur outside the U.S. over the next four years. America maintains a strong global economic presence now, but failing to strategically engage globally in the future could prove detrimental to our economy. VIDEOS TOP JOBS Salt Lake County and Mayor Ben McAdams are taking a proactive approach to strategic global engagement. Over the past two years, the county has engaged in robust analysis of the regional market in order to understand where global engagement would provide the most economic gains. In April 2016, the county released its Regional Export Plan that outlines five strategies for connecting small- and mid-sized businesses with global consumers — consumers who are not constrained by Utah's season shifts nor by U.S. economic downturns. Nationally, increases in export activity have resulted in 6,000 jobs per $1 billion in export value. Currently, Salt Lake County's regional economic development team is engaged in drafting a plan that will entice foreign investment to our region. As foreign capital flows into the region, jobs will be created and the county's already low unemployment levels will drop. As the data suggest, jobs supplied by foreign-owned businesses pay an average of 28 percent more than jobs in domestically-owned businesses. In other words, as foreign investment enters our local market, workers will have access to higher pay, which will broaden prosperity across the region. As a member of the county's Foreign Direct Investment steering committee, I had the opportunity to travel to Washington, D.C., to take part in a Global Cities Initiative symposium. I have heard a number of other metro regions — many of them larger than ours — discuss their plans for navigating the global economy. While I came away impressed by the other metros, more than anything I was reminded that our leadership at Salt Lake County is competitive nationally and is focused on the right approach to improve the economic well-being of all county residents. An example is a proposed Mountain View Corridor Economic Development Commission, which has the goal of promoting economic expansion on the west side of the county. The more than $1 billion invested in infrastructure makes the area attractive to advanced industries, including foreign investors, which offers opportunities for high-paying jobs. Reaching the goal, however, will depend on thoughtful planning and collaboration among the municipalities and their elected officials. Having seen Salt Lake County's purposeful planning efforts first hand, I know it is data-driven, strategic and thoughtful. Importantly, it increases engagement with global markets and businesses. I believe that through this purposeful planning, a more prosperous and equitable future will be achieved. Steven Price is founder and president of Price Real Estate and developer of more than 2 million square feet of distribution and manufacturing buildings.   Share This Article ARTICLE PHOTO GALLERY 2 photos VIEW PHOTO GALLERY JOIN THE DISCUSSION     Post a Comment POPULAR OPINION Eugene Robinson: The GOP's profiles in cowardice Bagley Cartoon: Outdoor Retail Politics Op-ed: Why is 'Book of Mormon' play tolerated and even praised? Comments: Bagley Cartoon: Chaffetz Has One Job Letter: Turnabout fair play for obstructionist Republicans Garrison Keillor: Done. Over. He's here. Goodbye. ELEVATE H&R Block Announces Two New Offers: Refund Advance of Up to $1,250 and Free Federal 1040EZ   Professional-in-Residence Jim Mortensen Prepares Students to Become Top Advisors   Contests and Promotions COMMENTS POST A COMMENT      () News All Local News Search Last 36 hours Nation + World RSS Twitter Environment Politics Justice Polygamy Education Weather Utah's Right Elevate Empower Utah Cool Stuff The Legacy of Joe Hill I Love videos Whatever Happened To... Special Reports Videos Photo Galleries Utah Bucket List Preparing to play Sports All Sports Olympics TribPreps Utah Jazz Utah Utes BYU Cougars USU Aggies WSU Wildcats College RSL Grizzlies Bees Winter Sports Outdoors Gordon Monson Kurt Kragthorpe All-time BYU football stats All-time Utes football stats Money All Money Top Workplaces Home Prices Blogs All Blogs Politics The Cricket TV Jazz Notes U of U Sports BYU Sports Prep Sports RSL Hiking Sundance Opinion All Opinion Editorials Commentary Letters Bagley Cartoons Gehrke Rolly Cannon Kirby Submit a Letter Faith All Faith LDS Church Religion news Faith Blog Entertainment All Entertainment Calendar Film-Finder Movies Restaurants Lifestyle Arts Food Music TV Sundance Shopping Puzzles & Games Comics Horoscopes Membership Ad-Free Site Login Become a Member Account Login Member FAQ Obituaries Search Obituaries Place an Obituary Marketplace Search Cars Search Homes Search Jobs Search Marketplace Legal Notices Other Services Advertise With Us Subscribe to the Newspaper Access your e-Edition Frequently Asked Questions Contact a newsroom staff member Access the Trib Archives Privacy Policy Missing your paper? Need to place your paper on vacation hold? For this and any other subscription related needs, click here or call 801.204.6100 Copyright @ 2017, The Salt Lake Tribune
Finance BI Intelligence Events Trending Tech Insider Finance Politics Strategy Life Sports Video All × From To You have successfully emailed the post. The wave of Wall Street deregulation is upon us Frank Chaparro Feb. 3, 2017, 1:36 PM 21,352 facebook linkedin twitter email print Win McNamee/Getty Images The wave of financial deregulation is finally upon us. With the stroke of a pen, President Donald Trump potentially started the unwinding of many of the hallmark financial regulations of the Obama administration. On Friday, the president ordered a review of Dodd-Frank, the 2010 financial regulatory law, and directed the secretary of labor to review the fiduciary rule, a regulation set to go into effect in April. The president has derided Dodd-Frank as "a disaster" and promised to "do a big number" on the law. Trump said on Friday that he hoped to talk to JPMorgan CEO Jamie Dimon about revising Dodd-Frank. "There is nobody better to tell me about Dodd-Frank than Jamie," Trump said. "So he has to tell me about it, but we expect to be cutting a lot from Dodd-Frank because I have so many people, friends of mine, that have nice businesses, and they can't borrow money. They can't get money from the banks — they just can't get any money because the banks won't let them borrow because of rules and regulations in Dodd-Frank." A full dismantling of Dodd-Frank is unlikely, according to industry analysts. "Fitch does not believe that the Dodd-Frank Act will be repealed in full; however, select provisions are potentially subject to substantial revision," said Joo-Yung Lee, head of North American financial institutions at Fitch Ratings. The administration is set to look at three key areas of the rule: View As: One Page Slides Systemically important financial institutions Getty/Andrew Burton Systemically important financial institutions, or SIFIs, are corporations designated by the Federal Reserve as large enough to pose a risk to the overall economy if they were to collapse. The Trump administration and many companies such as General Electric have hammered this label because of the additional regulatory burden that comes with the designation. Proponents of the designation argue that stricter regulations are justified because of the "outsized risk" those companies pose to the economy. However, opponents, such as White House National Economic Council Director Gary Cohn, say the multimillion-dollar costs SIFIs face are bad for business and slow growth. In particular, Cohn has said that nonbanks should not be designated as SIFIs. "These comments reinforce our belief that the nonbank SIFI insurers — PRU, AIG, MET — will be de-designated and that the odds of additional nonbank SIFI designations in this administration are effectively zero," said Isaac Boltansky of the research firm Compass Point. Orderly Liquidation Authority flickr/Thomas Leuthard The Orderly Liquidation Authority was implemented as a response to the massive bank failures that transpired during the height of the financial crisis. It aims to provide financial institutions that are on the brink of collapse with mechanisms to efficiently liquidate without a government bailout and tackle the "too big to fail" problem. Cohn told Bloomberg TV on Friday that the OLA didn't work. "We think it's a problem," he said. "We're going to deal with the problem. "No one has proven and no one can prove that orderly liquidation works," he added. "There's controversy to the plans, whether the plans are viable or not viable. We need to get some type of mechanism that we all agree works under every scenario. The one thing Dodd-Frank never really dealt with — it never really dealt with 'too big to fail.'" Other Wall Streeters have expressed similar views. Paul Singer, the billionaire hedge fund manager and Republican donor, said in a January letter from his hedge fund to investors that the OLA was a "dangerous" expansion of regulatory power. "There is no need for a separate resolution authority for large financial institutions, especially one which gives such arbitrary authority to a tiny group of regulators who have no ability to discern, in the midst of a crisis, what the heck is actually going on and what needs to be done," the letter said. The Volcker rule Margin Call The Volcker rule was established to prevent banks such as Goldman Sachs and JPMorgan from making speculative trades with their own money, a practice many lawmakers believed exacerbated the 2008 crisis. On Wall Street, it's referred to as proprietary trading. But many Wall Streeters blame the Volcker rule for affecting market liquidity. Federal Reserve staff published a paper in December that found that the Volcker rule had a negative effect on corporate bond liquidity, or the ease with which buyers and sellers can find each other. In its fourth-quarter letter to investors, Singer's Elliott Management railed against the rule, saying, "The ban is metaphysical, has significant loopholes, diminishes market liquidity, and is the wrong approach to mitigating and managing risk." Terry Duffy, the CEO of CME Group, told Business Insider last month that he questioned its efficacy. "I don't know if it should be repealed, but it should be modified," he said. "Liquidity is critically important, and the fewer people you have providing liquidity, the less efficient the markets become. "And a lot of people say that makes it less efficient for Wall Street. It doesn't make it less efficient for Wall Street; it makes it less efficient for people around the world. Liquidity is extremely important whether you're trading in the markets or whatever you're doing in life." More: Features facebook linkedin twitter email print × Recommended For You Powered by Sailthru The wave of Wall Street deregulation is upon us The wave of Wall Street deregulation is upon us The wave of financial deregulation is finally... Recommended For You Disclaimer Featured How this astronaut overcame failure and rejection to land his dream job More "Idea Factory" » We just created the best Google Chrome extension on the market for latest news headlines More "BI Innovations" » Finance Emails & Alerts Get the best of Business Insider delivered to your inbox every day. Sign-Up Get the Slide Deck from Henry Blodget's IGNITION Presentation on the Future of Digital     Read Business Insider On The Go Available on iOS or Android Find A Job Tech Jobs C-Level Jobs Media Jobs Design Jobs Finance Jobs Sales Jobs See All Jobs » Thanks to our partners Follow us on: Also check out: * Copyright © 2017 Business Insider Inc. All rights reserved. Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. Disclaimer Commerce Policy Made in NYC Stock quotes by finanzen.net International Editions: UK DE AUS ID IN MY SG PL SE NL FR IT JP
Home About Contact Membership Store Donate USA Canada Latin America Africa Middle East Europe Russia & FSU Asia Oceania Notre site en Français: mondialisation.ca Español Italiano Deutsch Português srpski العربية Asia-Pacific Research Global Research grtv youtube twitter facebook rss US-NATO War Economy Civil Rights Environment Poverty Media Justice 9/11 War Crimes Militarization History Science Financial Devastation? Trump Moves to “Deregulate” Wall Street, Impoverish Main Street By Stephen Lendman Global Research, February 04, 2017 Region: USA Theme: Global Economy His February 3 executive order addressed deregulation of America’s financial system, largely operating ad libitum already – a symbolic action on his part. Congressional legislation is required to repeal or change so-called Dodd-Frank financial reform.  Obama’s measure was a scam, doing far more harm than good, virtually nothing to curb abusive practices. Lobbyists and lawyers representing Wall Street wrote the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act, assuring dirty business as usual. The measure capitulated to Wall Street, empowering the Street’s owned and operated Fed to enforce oversight, instead of an independent regulatory agency with teeth to act for the general welfare. It replaced bailouts with bail-ins during the next financial crisis, taxing depositors by expropriating a portion of their savings to recapitalize insolvent banks, making savers bear the burden of financial crisis conditions, instead of institutions causing it. It hugely empowered Wall Street, facilitating the growth of giant banks to far greater size and dominance than during pre-2008 crisis conditions. At the same time, community banks and credit unions were devastated. A 2015 Harvard Kennedy School study, titled “The State and Fate of Community Banking” showed how Dodd-Frank advantaged Wall Street over Main Street – the opposite of what Obama claimed it would do. It escalated the decline of community banks and credit unions. State National Bank of Big Spring (Texas) experienced the problem firsthand, its president Jim Purcell saying: Dodd-Frank systematically favors big banks over community banks, and that bias poses a serious threat to the banking relationships that community banks, Main Street businesses and other folks have fostered for a century. The so-called Bureau of Consumer Financial Protection (BCFP) is a scam. It did little to curb practices responsible for 2008 financial crisis conditions. Elizabeth Warren ran it from September 2010 – August 2011. Dodd-Frank was a boon to Wall Street, the bain of community banking, forcing many hundreds of local institutions out of business. In July 2015, Rep. Jeb Hensarling (R. TX), House Financial Services Committee chairman minced no words, saying: Dodd-Frank “made us less financially stable. Since the passage of Dodd-Frank, the big banks are bigger and the small banks are fewer. But because  Washington can control a handful of big established firms much easier than many small and zealous competitors, this is likely an intended consequence of the Act. Dodd-Frank concentrates greater assets in fewer institutions. It codifies into law ‘Too Big to Fail.’ “ In January 2014, former financial regulator, white collar crime expert William Black blasted JP Morgan Chase, America’s largest bank, saying its “CEO Jamie Dimon presided over the largest financial crime spree in world history…in the range of 15 major felonies that either the United States investigators (or foreign governments) found…” It’s not just JP Morgan, Black explained. It’s the entire financial system. Black’s updated book is titled “The Best Way to Rob a Bank is to Own One.” On Friday, Trump’s press secretary Sean Spicer called Dodd-Frank “disastrous policy.” True enough, but claiming it’s “crippling” the economy is political hyperbole. Before signing his EO, Trump said “(w)e expect to be cutting a lot out of Dodd-Frank, because frankly I have so many people, friends of mine, that have nice businesses and they can’t borrow money.” They just can’t get any money because the banks just won’t let them borrow because of the rules and regulations in Dodd-Frank. So we’ll be talking about that in terms of the banking industry. Quantitative easing added enormous amounts of liquidity to capital markets. Wall Street used it to consolidate to greater size, for market speculation, for stock buybacks, and huge bonuses to top executives. There’s plenty of money around. It’s just a matter of how financial giants choose to use it. Eliminating or changing Dodd-Frank won’t alter how they operate, profoundly against the public interest. Below is the text of Trump’s EO: CORE PRINCIPLES FOR REGULATING THE UNITED STATES FINANCIAL SYSTEM By the power vested in me as President by the Constitution and the laws of the United States of America, it is hereby ordered as follows: Section 1. Policy. It shall be the policy of my Administration to regulate the United States financial system in a manner consistent with the following principles of regulation, which shall be known as the Core Principles: (a) empower Americans to make independent financial decisions and informed choices in the marketplace, save for retirement, and build individual wealth; (b) prevent taxpayer-funded bailouts; (c) foster economic growth and vibrant financial markets through more rigorous regulatory impact analysis that addresses systemic risk and market failures, such as moral hazard and information asymmetry; (d) enable American companies to be competitive with foreign firms in domestic and foreign markets; (e) advance American interests in international financial regulatory negotiations and meetings; (g) restore public accountability within Federal financial regulatory agencies and rationalize the Federal financial regulatory framework. Sec. 2. Directive to the Secretary of the Treasury. The Secretary of the Treasury shall consult with the heads of the member agencies of the Financial Stability Oversight Council and shall report to the President within 120 daysof the date of this order (and periodically thereafter) on the extent to which existing laws, treaties, regulations, guidance, reporting and recordkeeping requirements, and other Government policies promote the Core Principles and what actions have been taken, and are currently being taken, to promote and support the Core Principles. That report, and all subsequent reports, shall identify any laws, treaties, regulations, guidance, reporting and recordkeeping requirements, and other Government policies that inhibit Federal regulation of the United States financial system in a manner consistent with the Core Principles. Sec. 3. General Provisions. (a) Nothing in this order shall be construed to impair or otherwise affect: (i) the authority granted by law to an executive department or agency, or the head thereof; or (ii) the functions of the Director of the Office of Management and Budget relating to budgetary, administrative, or legislative proposals. (b) This order shall be implemented consistent with applicable law and subject to the availability of appropriations. (c) This order is not intended to, and does not, create any right or benefit, substantive or procedural, enforceable at law or in equity by any party against the United States, its departments, agencies, or entities, its officers, employees, or agents, or any other person. DONALD J. TRUMP Stephen Lendman lives in Chicago. He can be reached at lendmanstephen@sbcglobal.net.  His new book as editor and contributor is titled “Flashpoint in Ukraine: How the US Drive for Hegemony Risks WW III.” http://www.claritypress.com/LendmanIII.html Visit his blog site at sjlendman.blogspot.com.  Listen to cutting-edge discussions with distinguished guests on the Progressive Radio News Hour on the Progressive Radio Network.   The original source of this article is Global Research Copyright © Stephen Lendman, Global Research, 2017 Comment on Global Research Articles on our Facebook page Become a Member of Global Research Articles by: Stephen Lendman About the author:Stephen Lendman lives in Chicago. He can be reached at lendmanstephen@sbcglobal.net. His new book as editor and contributor is titled "Flashpoint in Ukraine: US Drive for Hegemony Risks WW III." http://www.claritypress.com/LendmanIII.html Visit his blog site at sjlendman.blogspot.com. Listen to cutting-edge discussions with distinguished guests on the Progressive Radio News Hour on the Progressive Radio Network. It airs three times weekly: live on Sundays at 1PM Central time plus two prerecorded archived programs. Disclaimer: The contents of this article are of sole responsibility of the author(s). The Centre for Research on Globalization will not be responsible for any inaccurate or incorrect statement in this article. The Center of Research on Globalization grants permission to cross-post original Global Research articles on community internet sites as long as the text & title are not modified. The source and the author's copyright must be displayed. For publication of Global Research articles in print or other forms including commercial internet sites, contact: publications@globalresearch.ca www.globalresearch.ca contains copyrighted material the use of which has not always been specifically authorized by the copyright owner. We are making such material available to our readers under the provisions of "fair use" in an effort to advance a better understanding of political, economic and social issues. The material on this site is distributed without profit to those who have expressed a prior interest in receiving it for research and educational purposes. If you wish to use copyrighted material for purposes other than "fair use" you must request permission from the copyright owner. For media inquiries: publications@globalresearch.ca Latest News / Top Stories 19th Century Protest and the Matchgirls Strike (1888): Annie Besant, London’s First Wonder Woman Neocons Use Ukraine to Reverse Trump Plan to Thaw Relations with Putin and Wage Global War Selected Articles: US Senate’s Anti-Russia Legislation, Iran’s Role in Syria Crisis, Calexit: Should California Secede? America’s “War on Terrorism” – Understanding the Web of Deceit Threatening Humanity Triumphing over Reality: China, Australia and Free Trade Trump Blurts out the Truth about US Killings and the Media Goes Wild Liberalism’s False Freedoms: What’s Wrong with the “Cancer Battle”? Neocon Iran-Contra Elliot Abrams for Key Deputy Secretary of State Position? Leak of the Trump-Putin Phone Call, Reveals Trump Unfamiliar With Russia Nuclear Treaty The Russia Review Act: Senate Aims to Block Trump From Lifting Sanctions on Russia Iran has been “Implacable in the Rejection of Washington’s Destructive Role in Syria” BREXIT: Civil Liberties and Civil Rights to Become “Civil Maybe’s” Legal Blow to Donald Trump, US Judges Reject Travel Ban Targeted at Muslims Its Foreign Greed And Delusion That Kills Yemeni Children The Long Road to Impeach Trump Just Got Shorter Most Popular All Articles Global Research Publishers Click Here To Order Online News Themes Terrorism Biotechnology and GMO Crimes against Humanity Culture, Society & History Environment Global Economy Intelligence Law and Justice Media Disinformation Militarization and WMD Oil and Energy Civil Rights Politics and Religion Poverty & Social Inequality Science and Medicine United Nations US NATO War Agenda Women’s Rights I-Books Series IN-DEPTH REPORTS UKRAINE REPORT SYRIA: NATO’S NEXT WAR? IRAN: THE NEXT WAR? IRAQ REPORT AFGHANISTAN CLIMATE CHANGE CRIMINALIZE WAR DEPLETED URANIUM FAKE INTELLIGENCE HAITI NATO’S WAR ON LIBYA NORTH KOREA NUCLEAR WAR OCCUPY WALL STREET PAKISTAN PALESTINE THE BALKANS GLOBAL RESEARCH VIDEOS The global research news hour U.S. Elections Join us on Facebook Partner Websites Project Censored Stop NATO Strategic Culture Foundation The Corbett Report Washington's Blog youtube twitter facebook rss Global Research News I-BOOKS SERIES Countries Index Authors Index Most Popular Links Contact Membership Online Store Themes Geographic Regions US NATO War Agenda Global Economy Crimes against Humanity Militarization and WMD Law and Justice Police State & Civil Rights Culture, Society & History 9/11 & ‘War on Terrorism’ Media Disinformation Militarization and WMD Oil and Energy Police State & Civil Rights Religion Poverty & Social Inequality Science and Medicine United Nations US NATO War Agenda Women’s Rights USA Canada Middle East & North Africa Latin America & Caribbean Europe sub-Saharan Africa Russia and FSU Asia Oceania GlobalResearch Center for Research on Globalization Privacy Policy Copyright © 2005-2017 GlobalResearch.ca
HOME EDITION News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance CNBC Explains Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows Watch Live CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Full Episodes More Log In | Register Log Out News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Consumer Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Halftime Portfolio Squawk Box Portfolio Take a Tour Subscribe Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance CNBC Explains Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Special Reports Trader Talk Modern Medicine Global Investing Hot Spots Portfolio Perspective CNBC Fed Survey Future Opportunities Retail Report Original Series Executive Edge Trading Nation Futures Now Retire Well The Pulse @ 1 Market The Bottom Line CNBC Events Davos Delivering Alpha eMerge Americas iCONIC Conference Cambridge Cyber Summit Sohn Conference Follow CNBC EDITION Register Log In Profile Email Preferences PRO Sign Out Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Halftime Portfolio Squawk Box Portfolio Take a Tour Subscribe LIVE TV Watch CNBC TV Watch CNBC Pro Watchlist X × × × Trading Nation Trading Nation Trader Bios Videos Weigh in on the market After a huge week for the financials, here's why there could still be time to buy Rebecca Ungarino | @ungarino Saturday, 4 Feb 2017 | 12:35 PM ETCNBC.com SHARES show chapters Trading Nation: Financial stocks surge    Friday, 3 Feb 2017 | 2:45 PM ET | 02:40 Bank stocks closed the week on a high note, on Friday logging their best day since November, and some strategists say there's more room to run. The S&P Bank exchange-traded fund (KBE) rose over 2.5 percent in Friday trading as JP Morgan Chase, Wells Fargo, Bank of America and Citigroup contributed the most gains, respectively. A day ago, President Donald Trump signed executive actions "that represent the beginning of the end of the Dodd-Frank mistake," the White House said in a statement, referring to the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act, which increased regulation on the financial services industry in the wake of the financial crisis. Trump has been critical of Dodd-Frank, vowing to "dismantle" the framework of the 2010 act, credited with fueling the fire under banks' rally after the U.S. election in November. The KBE and the S&P Regional Bank exchange-traded fund (KRE) both rose over 2.5 percent Friday and posted their best day since November 14th, when they rose 2.72 and 2.71 percent, respectively. And the S&P 500 financial sector also led the pack Friday, as financials rose nearly 2 percent and also turned in its best day since November 14th. Of course, the yield curve is also a big factor in the banks' rally and has undoubtedly helped boost those stocks. Differences between short- and long-term rates are seen as positives for the banks, since they generally borrow money in the short-term and lend it in the long-term. "Obviously, the banks have come a pretty long way," Mark Tepper, CEO of Strategic Wealth Partners, said Friday on CNBC's "Power Lunch." Tepper said that there's a lot of optimism surrounding the banks, due to expectations of reduced regulation, rising interest rates and expectations of an expanding economy under President Trump's administration. Taking a look under the surface, however, Tepper pointed out the financial sector carries the second-lowest price-to-earnings ratio of all sectors. He believes there is room to run for the group under President Trump. Tepper added that he likes banks at these levels, but within the financial sector he prefers consumer finance stocks, like Capital One or Discover, citing rising consumer confidence. Indeed, banks have been huge outperformers since the election, noted Stacey Gilbert, head of derivative strategy at Susquehanna. "A lot of the good news is priced in," to bank stocks, she said Friday on CNBC's "Power Lunch," pointing to the regional banks, up 27 percent since Election Day. And regional banks as measured by the KRE, she noted, have also surged. "We would make the argument that the market has shifted to be a more neutral sentiment here," Gilbert said. As banks have rallied so far, Gilbert said she would suggest that investors look for protection at these levels, perhaps buying "protective puts" in the KRE, versus selling upside calls, in the case of a pullback. And in some of the banks in the KRE basket, Gilbert said: "we've seen a number of over-riders; this is investors basically saying, they've enjoyed the stock run here, but we see upside limited in the near-term here, and we could argue that from a valuation side, as well." JP Morgan in January reported quarterly earnings per share that beat analysts' expectations, and Citigroup reported earnings that beat the Street's expectations, but missed on revenue. Rebecca UngarinoAssociate Producer Related Securities Symbol Price   Change %Change JPM --- KBE --- Trading Nation Apple is driving the Nasdaq 100 – but can it keep going? Traders weigh in As goes Apple, so goes the Nasdaq 100. But can the tech giant keep driving the charge? Traders sniff out a bargain in these beaten-down stocks Some strategists say retail stocks could see more upside. Big cracks are developing in the ‘Trump portfolio’ A portfolio of so-called Trump trades has given back nearly a third of its gains since the election. Why oil could now be in a 'danger zone' More From Trading Nation Trump-placency? Stocks just did something they've never done before Not so fast: Run for athletic apparel stocks is over, these traders say Trader spots a ‘warning sign’ in the market — here’s how he’s protecting his portfolio Why Apple’s big rally could just be getting started Investors are plowing billions into this space so far in 2017 By this measure, stocks are massively overvalued As gold hits a three-month high, here’s how investors suggest playing it now Look out: Gold and bonds are sending a signal reminiscent of 1987 and 1973 market crashes After a huge week for financial stocks, here's why there could still be time to buy These far-out stocks have performed wildly well this year Latest Special Reports Trader Talk The buzz on the trading floor Modern Medicine Take an in-depth look at the world of modern medicine - examining the treatments, companies and people making a difference in the way we treat illness and injuries today, and laying the foundation for the medical treatments of tomorrow. Global Investing Hot Spots A globe-trotting look at the world of investing, from developed Europe and Asia trends to the least-traveled frontier markets. About Trading Nation Trading Nation will offer enthusiast traders insights from a group of "Trader Coaches," a collection of expert CNBC Contributors who are well-versed in the daily challenges of trading. Each "Trader Coach" will have a different area of expertise, and will share their unique perspective on the markets, allowing new insights to emerge from this collaboration. Trading Nation is not simply about finding that next trade; it's a forum where enthusiast traders can hear and compare investing ideas in order to build confidence in their trading decisions. On-Air Video Trading Nation: Opportunities in Asia    Discussing how to play international spaces like Japan, with Matt Maley of Miller Tabak and David Riedel of Riedel Research. Trading Nation: Retail stocks rally    Gina Sanchez, Chantico Global, and Erin Gibbs, S&P Global, discuss the moves in the retail sector with Wilfred Frost. Trading Nation: Apple surges to 2-year high    Craig Johnson, Piper Jaffray, and Eddy Elfenbein, Crossing Wall Street, discuss the rise in Apple's stock with Brian Sullivan. @TradingNation Tweets by @TradingNation Host Brian Sullivan "Power Lunch" Co-Anchor Trading Nation Tutorials How to use the price-to-earnings ratio    Using support and resistance levels    To view this site, you need to have JavaScript enabled in your browser, and either the Flash Plugin or an HTML5-Video enabled browser. Download the latest Flash player and try again. Playing Share this video... × Watch Next...
Home About/Contact US Privacy Policy Staff Daily Email Updates Headlines Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Investing Carbonite Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Carbonite Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Recent Posts OraSure Technologies, Inc. (OSUR) Lifted to Strong-Buy at Zacks Investment Research Zacks Investment Research Lowers Orion Energy Systems, Inc. (OESX) to Hold Tenneco Inc. (TEN) to Post Q1 2017 Earnings of $1.38 Per Share, Northcoast Research Forecasts Barrington Research Comments on Snap-On Incorporated’s Q1 2017 Earnings (SNA) Equities Analysts Offer Predictions for Sanderson Farms, Inc.’s Q1 2017 Earnings (SAFM) UK Commercial Property Trust Limited Plans Dividend of GBX 0.92 (UKCM) Zacks: ICU Medical, Inc. (ICUI) Given Average Rating of “Buy” by Analysts News Corporation (NWSA) Receives $16.00 Consensus Price Target from Brokerages Generac Holdlings Inc. (GNRC) Receives $40.50 Consensus Price Target from Analysts Financial Engines, Inc. (FNGN) EVP Christopher L. Jones Sells 6,667 Shares Eaton Vance Tax-Advantaged Global Divide (ETO) To Go Ex-Dividend on February 16th Eaton Vance Tax-Managed Global Dive Eq (EXG) To Go Ex-Dividend on February 16th Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd. (RCL) Receives $95.82 Average Target Price from Analysts Q1 2017 Earnings Forecast for Corrections Corp. of America Issued By SunTrust Banks (CXW) Michael Rapino Sells 210,000 Shares of Live Nation Entertainment, Inc. (LYV) Stock Model N, Inc. (MODN) Raised to Buy at Zacks Investment Research Masco Corporation Forecasted to Earn Q1 2017 Earnings of $0.36 Per Share (MAS) Equities Analysts Issue Forecasts for Kilroy Realty Corporation’s Q1 2017 Earnings (KRC) Q1 2017 EPS Estimates for Humana Inc. (HUM) Decreased by Analyst Ring Energy (REI) Receives $15.90 Average Price Target from Analysts Insider Selling: Carbonite, Inc. (CARB) SVP Sells $25,793.82 in Stock Posted by Tony Sherman on Feb 4th, 2017 // No Comments Tweet Carbonite, Inc. (NASDAQ:CARB) SVP Paul S. Mellinger sold 1,359 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction dated Thursday, February 2nd. The shares were sold at an average price of $18.98, for a total value of $25,793.82. The transaction was disclosed in a legal filing with the SEC, which is available through this hyperlink. Paul S. Mellinger also recently made the following trade(s): On Thursday, January 5th, Paul S. Mellinger sold 1,951 shares of Carbonite stock. The stock was sold at an average price of $15.75, for a total value of $30,728.25. Carbonite, Inc. (NASDAQ:CARB) traded up 7.09% on Friday, hitting $20.40. The company had a trading volume of 767,512 shares. The stock’s market cap is $556.06 million. Carbonite, Inc. has a 12-month low of $6.50 and a 12-month high of $20.48. The firm’s 50 day moving average price is $16.85 and its 200 day moving average price is $15.60. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY WARNING: “Insider Selling: Carbonite, Inc. (CARB) SVP Sells $25,793.82 in Stock” was first posted by Web Breaking News and is the property of of Web Breaking News. If you are reading this report on another publication, it was stolen and republished in violation of US and international trademark & copyright law. The legal version of this report can be viewed at http://www.webbreakingnews.com/2017/02/04/insider-selling-carbonite-inc-carb-svp-sells-25793-82-in-stock.html. Several hedge funds and other institutional investors have recently bought and sold shares of CARB. Essex Investment Management Co. LLC purchased a new position in Carbonite during the second quarter worth about $325,000. Wedge Capital Management L L P NC purchased a new position in Carbonite during the second quarter worth about $280,000. Emerald Acquisition Ltd. purchased a new position in Carbonite during the second quarter worth about $763,000. JPMorgan Chase & Co. boosted its position in Carbonite by 28.8% in the second quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 109,219 shares of the company’s stock worth $1,062,000 after buying an additional 24,419 shares during the period. Finally, Vanguard Group Inc. boosted its position in Carbonite by 2.0% in the second quarter. Vanguard Group Inc. now owns 733,791 shares of the company’s stock worth $7,140,000 after buying an additional 14,351 shares during the period. Institutional investors own 85.16% of the company’s stock. A number of research analysts have commented on CARB shares. Oppenheimer Holdings, Inc. upgraded Carbonite from a “market perform” rating to an “outperform” rating and set a $21.00 price objective on the stock in a research note on Tuesday, October 11th. Zacks Investment Research upgraded Carbonite from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $17.00 price objective on the stock in a research note on Tuesday, October 11th. B. Riley restated a “buy” rating and set a $21.00 price objective on shares of Carbonite in a research note on Monday, October 31st. Finally, TheStreet upgraded Carbonite from a “sell” rating to a “hold” rating in a research note on Friday, November 4th. One equities research analyst has rated the stock with a hold rating, three have assigned a buy rating and one has given a strong buy rating to the company. The company currently has a consensus rating of “Buy” and a consensus target price of $19.63. About Carbonite Carbonite, Inc (Carbonite) is a provider of cloud and business continuity solutions. The Company’s solutions are designed to address the specific needs of small and medium sized businesses and individuals. It offers various solutions, such as Carbonite Personal, Carbonite Pro, Carbonite Server Backup and MailStore. Receive News & Ratings for Carbonite Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Carbonite Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter. « Previous John Albert Brussa Sells 2,468 Shares of Cardinal Energy Ltd (CJ) Stock Next » ProShare Advisors LLC Reduces Position in Mohawk Industries, Inc. (MHK) Latest News Nike Suspends Relationship with Maria Sharapova Rob Bironas Ex-Titans Kicker Dies in Car Crash Ron Washington Leaves Texas Rangers Due to an Affair Jonathan Dwyer Falls in Line with Other Banned NFL Players Tony Stewart Case Going to the Grand Jury Oscar Pistorius “Blade Runner” Found Not Guilty of Murder Leave a Reply Click here to cancel reply. Name (Required) Mail (will not be published) (Required) Website   Home Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Headlines Investing © 2006-2017 Web Breaking News.
January Jobs Report Boosts Stocks - Irish Sun Issue 042/15 Irish Sun        http://www.irishsun.com   Ireland News Breaking International News Breaking Business News Europe Sports News Dublin News Economics News Belfast News Breaking Internet News Web Site Development News Healthcare News Ireland News Utilities News January Jobs Report Boosts Stocks VOA Saturday 4th February, 2017 NEW YORK - U.S. stocks closed in the green this week following a better-than-expected January employment report that handily topped consensus estimates, even though wage growth disappointed slightly. 'This is good for corporations because it shows that they are hiring more people and growing while paying low wages,' said Phil Davis, founder of Philsstockworld.com. He said that '0.1 percent wage inflation for the month translates to 1.2 percent per year, which is nothing.' The Dow Jones industrial average closed back over 20,000 Friday for its best day of 2017, on the back of Visa, which reported blowout earnings after the market close Thursday. Meanwhile, the Nasdaq Composite Index closed at an all-time high as tech earnings mostly continued to beat estimates this week. Deregulation Financials led market gains after reports that President Donald Trump and his administration announced steps to roll back regulatory laws contained in the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act that was enacted in the wake of the 2008 financial crisis. Morgan Stanley, Citigroup, Goldman Sachs, JPMorgan and Bank of America all rallied on the news by nearly 2 percent. The administration also wants to delay and review for the next 90 days a regulation designed to force retirement advisers to work in the best interest of their clients. That 'fiduciary rule' is set to take effect in April. Gary Cohn, director of the White House's National Economic Council and a former executive at Goldman Sachs, told CNBC that the rule was 'completely misintended.' Online brokers such as TD Ameritrade, ETrade and Charles Schwab and mutual fund firms T. Rowe Price and Legg Mason moved higher on the move to repeal the rule. Investor focus While financials celebrated the latest executive order on Dodd-Frank, business leaders were increasingly divided on the new administration's approaches to taxes and immigration, particularly tech companies, which are the most concerned about the travel ban announced last week. Investors were looking for clarity as well. 'Equity investors have been clamoring for specifics on the timing and details of Trump's tax plans - which simply aren't available to know just yet and seem likely to remain unknowable for quite some time - and have been struggling to understand the implications of some of the pieces of tax reform being floated for the companies they follow [in particular, border adjustment],' Credit Suisse analysts said in a research report. 'Meanwhile, more controversial issues with less clear implications for the broader equity market have moved into the national spotlight, like health care policy, immigration and global trade policy.' Trading week ahead The earnings parade marches on with mostly retail, industrial and material companies on tap, as well as Twitter. While China will begin to report its January 2017 data set after the Lunar New Year holiday, there are few if any potentially market-moving data reports on tap in the U.S., Europe or Japan next week. A handful of Federal Reserve speakers will be on the circuit, and the U.K. Parliament will continue to debate and then vote next week on whether to trigger Article 50 and start the process of leaving the European Union. As of now, traders have completely shifted their focus to what Trump and his administration will be doing on a macro level and what specific sectors will be affected. 'You really have to be on your toes to trade this market,' Davis said. 'There is the potential for volatility in this market, and you have to be on top of the news and pay attention for what's coming out of Washington.' Share this article: Back to Irish Sun Comments Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Featured Story Accenture to add 300 jobs in Dublin as it expands in the country DUBLIN, Ireland - In a bid to expand in the country, professional services firm Accenture has announced that it will be creating 300 tech and design jobs. The additional jobs, that would be created at the company’s new incubation hub, would take the company’s total workforce in the country to over 2,200.  The company made the announcement at the official opening at ‘The Dock' - the company’s multi-disciplinary research and incubation hub. The Taoiseach, Enda Kenny, along with Accenture Chairman & CEO Pierre Nanterme opened the incubation hub that would house the new recruits in artificial intelligence, advanced analytics, the Internet of Things (IOT). It would also house industries including financial services, retail, consumer goods, life sciences and utilities. Commenting on the launch, Taoiseach Kenny said, “Accenture continues to make significant investments in Ireland, and we are delighted the company has made the country its centre of innovation, which further cements Ireland’s position globally as a technology hub. Accenture is a committed, long-term resident of these shores and we look forward to continued partnership as the company further enhances its presence in Ireland.”  With the new additions, the company aims at expanding its offerings in the technology and design areas for Dubliners.  Pierre Nanterme, Accenture’s chairman and CEO, “Our talented professionals across Ireland are imagining the future every day to solve some of the biggest challenges facing businesses, governments and consumers. We are proud to build on our long history in Ireland with today’s official opening of The Dock and investment in new jobs to drive innovation that helps our clients meet the demands of a rapidly evolving digital world.” Minister for Jobs, Enterprise and Innovation Mary Mitchell O’Connor said, “Accenture’s decision to expand its innovation capability in Ireland represents a major win for the country, providing high-value employment and opportunities for people to work on exciting projects. We have earned a great reputation for technology innovation in recent years, and The Dock will enhance our country’s credentials even further. I wish the company and employees the very best in the future.”  The Dock, which is reportedly supported by the Department of Jobs, Enterprise & Innovation through IDA Ireland is located in Dublin’s Silicon Docks.  According to reports, The Dock is one of the world’s most connected and intelligent buildings, using sensors to learn from occupant behavior, react to user feedback and allow the building to continually evolve. Martin Shanahan, Chief Executive of the IDA, said, “The Dock showcases Accenture’s depth of technology expertise in Ireland. The company’s continued investment in innovation and in its team of talented professionals greatly enhances Ireland’s position as a compelling location for global professional service firms. IDA continues to target additional investment in this key sector.” Find Irish Sun on Facebook Latest Irish Sun news Accenture to add 300 jobs in Dublin as it expands in the country DUBLIN, Ireland - In a bid to expand in the country, professional services firm Accenture ... Ireland may get a Digital Safety Commissioner soon DUBLIN, Ireland - In a bid to fast-track disputes on privacy, bullying and defamation - ... Scope of inquiry for Garda whistleblower to soon be widened DUBLIN, Ireland - The scope of inquiry in the smear campaign against Garda whistleblower may ... KBC bank looking to buy banking business in Ireland DUBLIN, Ireland - After making the decision to remain in Ireland, KBC Bank is now ... New direct route between U.S. and Cork to be set up CORK, Ireland - After U.S. President Donald Trump’s confirmation on having no objection to plans ... Ireland to make late call on stomach-bug victim Rory Best Italy star Parisse calls for a Six Nations miracle in Rome Irelands Best a doubt for Six Nations clash with Italy Additional Irish Sun news Sponsored by oilprice.com Please Enable Javascript for this Oil Price widget to work Ireland News Accenture to add 300 jobs in Dublin as it expands in the country Ireland may get a Digital Safety Commissioner soon Scope of inquiry for Garda whistleblower to soon be widened KBC bank looking to buy banking business in Ireland New direct route between U.S. and Cork to be set up More Ireland News Breaking International News Report: Mexico border wall would cost $21.6 billion Three-judge panel refuses to reinstate president's travel order China to seek fingerprints of travelers soon Travelers from certain countries may be forced to give out social media passwords Gaza Health Ministry claims Israeli air strike killed two Palestinians More Breaking International News Breaking Business News Mexico’s peso strengthened by 0.6 percent against the U.S. dollar Trump discusses interest in privatizing air traffic control Current generation of men earn lesser than the previous generation Germany’s trade surplus in 2016 hits record high, exports reach 1.2 trillion euros Anthem’s bid for Cigna blocked by judge as anti-competitive More Breaking Business News Europe Sports News Radja Nainggolan expresses hatred of Juve ahead of Crotone match Fabio Capello - I rejected chance to coach PSG in 2013 Stampede before football match in Angola leaves 17 dead James Sands impresses New York City FC boss against Emelec Claudio Ranieri calls on Riyad Mahrez Jamie Vardy to start firing again More Europe Sports News Dublin News Accenture to add 300 jobs in Dublin as it expands in the country Ireland may get a Digital Safety Commissioner soon Scope of inquiry for Garda whistleblower to soon be widened KBC bank looking to buy banking business in Ireland New direct route between U.S. and Cork to be set up More Dublin News Economics News Report: Mexico border wall would cost $21.6 billion Germany’s trade surplus in 2016 hits record high, exports reach 1.2 trillion euros Believe it or not Fruits vegetables tackle depression in 2 weeks Kenyas Criminalizing of Suicide Makes Things Worse for Mentally Ill Critics Say Youths in Nigeria trained in renewable energy technologies and green entrepreneurship More Economics News Belfast News Cash Me Ousside girls father speaks out Man regrets stag do stunt after getting eyelids tattooed Woman told mothers not allowed to enter beauty pageant First half salvo helps Ulster to victory Educating Rita makes triumphant Belfast return More Belfast News Breaking Internet News Accenture to add 300 jobs in Dublin as it expands in the country Ireland may get a Digital Safety Commissioner soon Trump lashes out at retail giant Nordstrom for dropping Ivanka’s line from its on-sale brands list Govt mocks Malemas ball squeeze then apologises Prosecution Service unveils national campaign against child labor More Breaking Internet News Web Site Development News Accenture to add 300 jobs in Dublin as it expands in the country Ireland may get a Digital Safety Commissioner soon Code Koalas gets state boost for 88-job KC expansion plan Oracle refuses to let Java copyright battle die – another appeal filed in war against Google Lovely. Now someones ported IoT-menacing Mirai to Windows boxes More Web Site Development News Subscribe to our Newsletter Get the latest Irish Sun headlines delivered to your inbox. *We hate spam as much as you. Privacy Utilities News Four killed 100 injured in earthquake in southern Philippines Siemens wins order worth Rs. 101 crore from Delhi Transco Ltd. Youths in Nigeria trained in renewable energy technologies and green entrepreneurship TN Governor clarifies he didnt send any report to Home Ministry International Year of Pulses closes with call to build upon strong momentum More Utilities News Ireland News Breaking International News Breaking Business News Europe Sports News Dublin News Economics News Belfast News Breaking Internet News Web Site Development News Healthcare News Ireland News Utilities News Contact About Irish Sun News Releases Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Sitemap Archived Stories © 2000 - 2017 Irish Sun - Midwest Radio Network Pty Ltd. - (LU) A division of Big News Network. All rights reserved
gulfnews.com no longer supports Internet Explorer 8 or earlier. Please upgrade your browser.LEARN MORE ? Enter your keyword sign inorRegister now Mobile Site GN Network Aquarius The monthly women's lifestyle magazine offering real solutions for real women. Friday The most read magazine in the UAE. Lively, intelligent and thought-provoking. GN Focus Focused reports on events, business and lifestyle. In depth, insightful, influential. Inside Out An inspiring home interiors magazine showcasing the best interior design. tabloid! The No. 1 source for entertainment, lifestyle & fashion in the UAE. Weekend Review In-depth look at issues behind the news, with sections on people, books and art. Wheels A weekly motoring magazine packed with the latest local and global motoring news, reviews and views. GNTECH Gadget soup for the techy soul. News and reviews with our own irreverent spin Baby & Child From pregnancy to playdates in the UAE Gulf News Store Buy latest products from our online store Classifieds GNCars The UAE's first stop shop for buying and selling cars. GNCareers Give your career a boost. Find the best and latest jobs. GNClassifieds The site for buying and selling almost anything. GNproperty Region's leading property site for buying and renting. Apps App for iPhone The official Gulf News app tailored for iOs phones App for Android Mobile The official Gulf News app tailored for Android phones App for iPad Gulf News made highly readable for Apple's iPad Gulf News mobile Fast, lightweight, perfect for mobile browsing SMS alerts The fastest way to find out about breaking stories Cricket App Live cricket action direct to your phone Good Living App Hundreds of offers direct to your phone Subscribe Gulf News Subscribe Now Aquarius Subscribe Now Xpress Subscribe Now Inside Out Subscribe Now Wheels Subscribe Now Baby & Child Subscribe Now Quick Links E-Paper Digital version of today’s newspaper, exactly as it is in print. Mobile Version The fast and light-weight mobile version of GulfNews.com. Advertising Guide Get your brand seen in the region's most read newspaper. SMS News Alerts The fastest way to hear about major breaking stories. Goodliving 100s of offers, half price deals, 2 for 1s - and more. Contact Us Have something you want to tell us, a question, or complaint? Gulf News Store Buy latest products from our online store SHARES MARKETS February 11, 2017 | Last updated 9 minutes ago ---- 24KGold-- oil--   Hot Topics: UAE holidays 2017 UAE in India Gold Rate Weather Horoscope The GN Store UAE News Business Data Equities Commodities Currencies top stories in Data Dubai gold prices hit record high UAE shoppers go easy on gold jewellery Global gold jewellery demand fell to 7-year low Gold Rate Sectors12 Markets11 Automotives1 Banking Construction Employment Features1 General Investment Media Careers1 Energy66 Retail Shipping Technology2 Telecoms1 Tourism1 top stories in Sectors Airlines fighting tech glitches every day IEA says 90% compliance rate in Opec output cut Lithuania tourism chief quits over ‘fake’ ads Renewables Aviation2 Live Flights top stories in Aviation Airlines fighting tech glitches every day EU readies to face Gulf carrier challenge Boeing wins $14b jet order from Singapore Air Economy7 Property GN Property top stories in Property Moody’s upgrades Aldar rating to Baa2 Inside Donald Trump’s Dubai golf course Meet Trump's sons at Dubai golf club Money4 Visas Analysis4 Sport Opinion Leisure Life&Style Culture Guides Multimedia Your Say In Focus US stocks back in record range after solid jobs data Markets were also buoyed by the January US jobs report Published: 18:10 February 4, 2017 AFP   SMALL MEDIUM LARGE New York: US stocks returned to record territory Friday following a solid jobs report and a move by President Donald Trump to roll back banking regulations enacted after the 2008 financial crisis. The Nasdaq finished at a fresh record, while the S&P 500 climbed to within a point of a new peak and the Dow vaulted back above 20,000 points. Equity markets also rose in London, Paris and Frankfurt. Tokyo was flat. Trump ordered a review of key reforms enacted after the 2008 financial crisis, in the first step towards scaling back toughened regulations on the banking industry. The moves could result in lower costs for compliance and clear away rules that restrict investments from proprietary accounts. Shares of major banks, including JPMorgan Chase and Goldman Sachs surged three per cent or more, while the broader market also took heart from Trump’s focus on an economic issue after several contentious moves on immigration and trade. “There was a whole a ton of really disappointing moves by the Trump administration and the market did not really sell off that much, and then you get just small pieces of positive news from them and the market goes up quite a bit,” said Karl Haeling, Landesbank Baden-Wuerttemberg. Markets were also buoyed by the January US jobs report, which included a better-than-expected 227,000 new jobs, keeping up the positive trends from the Obama years into the start of the term of President Donald Trump. Dollar retreats Analysts said the report, while solid, was not likely strong enough to alter the Federal Reserve’s plan to only increase interest rates gradually. The report showed only modest wage growth. The dollar retreated against the euro and the pound. “Weaker wage growth takes a March rate hike off the table for the time being especially in light of the Fed’s less hawkish views,” said BK Asset Management managing director Kathy Lien. “The mixed jobs report and lack of unambiguous optimism hurt the dollar and could keep it under pressure in the new trading week.” Macy’s gained 6.4 per cent following reports it was in early talks towards a possible acquisition by Canada’s Hudson’s Bay. The news comes on the heels of announcements of job cuts and store closures by Macy’s, which has struggled to transition to the e-commerce era. Hudson’s Bay climbed 3.9 per cent in Toronto. Amazon dropped 3.5 per cent after it reported fourth-quarter net income jumped 55.3 per cent to $749 million. However, revenues during the key holiday season came in a billion dollars shy of expectations at $43.7 billion (Dh160.4 billion). More from Markets Energy stocks look for catalyst out of doldrums 43 minutes ago Optimism returns to UAE markets 59 minutes ago Earnings lift India shares, elections watched 59 minutes ago Oil holds gains as Opec cuts seen shrinking glut Buyers look past naira fix to Eurobond issue T. Rowe stock manager ignores Trump mania Trump tax cut talk, Chinese data spur risk rally Citigroup forecasts more market growth tags from this storyUnited States follow this tag on MGNDonald Trump follow this tag on MGNCanada follow this tag on MGNAmazon follow this tag on MGN filed underGulfNewsBusinessSectorsMarkets tagsUnited States follow this tag on MGN+ MGNDonald Trump follow this tag on MGN+ MGNCanada follow this tag on MGN+ MGNAmazon follow this tag on MGN+ MGN Also In MarketsEnergy stocks look for catalyst out of doldrums Business Gallery Classic car collectors gather in Paris Look: Inside the most expensive home in US Business Videos PlayAbu Dhabi Ship Building enjoys growing success Strata UAE leads aerospace manufacturing FOLLOW US Stock Look Up Search Latest share prices Most Popular ViewedCommentedVideosPictures 01Countering financial crime is a top priority 02Oil to remain well bid for more as Iran eyed 03Banks help UAE indices to bounce back Play Abu Dhabi Ship Building enjoys growing success Nov 24, 2016 Play Strata UAE leads aerospace manufacturing Oct 25, 2016 Play Video: Electronics fiesta as Gitex opens Oct 01, 2016 Play Emirates opens SkyPharma in Dubai Sep 18, 2016 11Images Look: Inside the most expensive home in US Feb 08, 2017 14Images In Pictures: Hatta Honey Festival Feb 02, 2017 20Images Highlights: SIHH luxury watch show Jan 18, 2017 10Images In pictures: Dubai International Boat Show 2012 Mar 13, 2012 Markets International Commodity Prices Error - No Data As on 2017-02-11 11:30:37 Most Popular on Gulf News New UAE entry visa system approved Man who bought No 1 car plate goes on trial 2017 UAE holidays Meet Dubai's first female royal pilot Man tried to set himself on fire at Kaaba Newly-wed woman on bike killed in RAK Jet ski scam costs tourists Dh20,000 What excess sugar in diet does to your body UAE to adopt new entry visa system Close Recommended For You African nations silence the net to stem protestsPUBLISHED ON Feb 11, 2017 Energy stocks look for catalyst out of doldrumsPUBLISHED ON Feb 11, 2017 Trump to Iran president: ‘Better be careful’PUBLISHED ON Feb 11, 2017 Feedback Get The Paper Our Apps Mobile friendly version Our location Advanced Search Sitemap MY GULF NEWS GulfNews.com is the most widely read newspaper, and online site in English in the Middle East. With a daily BPA audited paid circulation of over 108,000, and an online audience of 3.5 million uniques every month, it is your go to source for information on the region. Sign up below to begin personalising your experienceRegister now News Business Sport Leisure Guides Opinion Multimedia In Focus Life&Style Culture Your Say Enter your keyword follow usRssFollow us on FacebookFollow us on TwitterFollow us on google plus Sign up for newsletterSign Up PreviousNext © Al Nisr Publishing LLC 2016. All rights reserved GN Media How to follow Gulf News History of GulfNews Key Dates Community Advertise Print Direct Marketing About Gulf News Journalism ethics Ethics Policy Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Readers' Policy FAQs Open Calais Careers at Gulf News How to find Gulf News Contact Us Print Subscriptions MGN New GulfNews.com: A considerable step forward in terms of user experience
gulfnews.com no longer supports Internet Explorer 8 or earlier. Please upgrade your browser.LEARN MORE ? Enter your keyword sign inorRegister now Mobile Site GN Network Aquarius The monthly women's lifestyle magazine offering real solutions for real women. Friday The most read magazine in the UAE. Lively, intelligent and thought-provoking. GN Focus Focused reports on events, business and lifestyle. In depth, insightful, influential. Inside Out An inspiring home interiors magazine showcasing the best interior design. tabloid! The No. 1 source for entertainment, lifestyle & fashion in the UAE. Weekend Review In-depth look at issues behind the news, with sections on people, books and art. Wheels A weekly motoring magazine packed with the latest local and global motoring news, reviews and views. GNTECH Gadget soup for the techy soul. News and reviews with our own irreverent spin Baby & Child From pregnancy to playdates in the UAE Gulf News Store Buy latest products from our online store Classifieds GNCars The UAE's first stop shop for buying and selling cars. GNCareers Give your career a boost. Find the best and latest jobs. GNClassifieds The site for buying and selling almost anything. GNproperty Region's leading property site for buying and renting. Apps App for iPhone The official Gulf News app tailored for iOs phones App for Android Mobile The official Gulf News app tailored for Android phones App for iPad Gulf News made highly readable for Apple's iPad Gulf News mobile Fast, lightweight, perfect for mobile browsing SMS alerts The fastest way to find out about breaking stories Cricket App Live cricket action direct to your phone Good Living App Hundreds of offers direct to your phone Subscribe Gulf News Subscribe Now Aquarius Subscribe Now Xpress Subscribe Now Inside Out Subscribe Now Wheels Subscribe Now Baby & Child Subscribe Now Quick Links E-Paper Digital version of today’s newspaper, exactly as it is in print. Mobile Version The fast and light-weight mobile version of GulfNews.com. Advertising Guide Get your brand seen in the region's most read newspaper. SMS News Alerts The fastest way to hear about major breaking stories. Goodliving 100s of offers, half price deals, 2 for 1s - and more. Contact Us Have something you want to tell us, a question, or complaint? Gulf News Store Buy latest products from our online store SHARES BANKING February 11, 2017 | Last updated 9 minutes ago usd---- ---- 24KGold--   Hot Topics: UAE holidays 2017 UAE in India Gold Rate Weather Horoscope The GN Store UAE News Business Data Equities Commodities Currencies top stories in Data Dubai gold prices hit record high UAE shoppers go easy on gold jewellery Global gold jewellery demand fell to 7-year low Gold Rate Sectors12 Markets11 Automotives1 Banking Construction Employment Features1 General Investment Media Careers1 Energy66 Retail Shipping Technology2 Telecoms1 Tourism1 top stories in Sectors Airlines fighting tech glitches every day IEA says 90% compliance rate in Opec output cut Lithuania tourism chief quits over ‘fake’ ads Renewables Aviation2 Live Flights top stories in Aviation Airlines fighting tech glitches every day EU readies to face Gulf carrier challenge Boeing wins $14b jet order from Singapore Air Economy7 Property GN Property top stories in Property Moody’s upgrades Aldar rating to Baa2 Inside Donald Trump’s Dubai golf course Meet Trump's sons at Dubai golf club Money4 Visas Analysis4 Sport Opinion Leisure Life&Style Culture Guides Multimedia Your Say In Focus Wall Street faces Fed stress tests assuming global recession Banks are required to submit their capital plans and stress test results to the Fed by April 5 Image Credit: Bloomberg The Goldman Sachs Group headquarters in New York Published: 18:04 February 4, 2017 Bloomberg   SMALL MEDIUM LARGE Washington: Wall Street banks will have to show they could survive a major global recession as part of an annual Federal Reserve exercise aimed at ensuring the biggest lenders aren’t vulnerable to a new financial crisis. The stress test scenarios released Friday by the Fed will be used to determine whether firms such as JPMorgan Chase & Co, Goldman Sachs Group Inc and Deutsche Bank AG are strong enough to withstand a major blow to the broader economy. Good performance could give banks more leeway to pay dividends to their shareholders and buy back stock. The newly released scenarios feature the jobless rate climbing 5.25 percentage points to 10 per cent and difficulties in corporate lending. Most mid-size and smaller US lenders will get a big break this year after the Fed said earlier this week that it would let them escape from one of the toughest parts of the exams. Banks are required to submit their capital plans and stress test results to the Fed by April 5. The central bank said it will announce the results before the end of June. The stress tests, which were introduced after the 2008 financial crisis, have driven capital levels higher as banks try to ensure they’re not among those buckling under the Fed’s nightmare scenarios. On Monday, the central bank said only the 13 biggest lenders will now face the so-called qualitative side of the tests, where many have been tripped up in the past. Sweeping review The annual reviews required under the Dodd-Frank Act could be under a different sort of stress as President Donald Trump calls for a sweeping review of the 2010 law as part of an attack on what he sees as over-regulation. Though the stress tests weren’t specifically named, they were a core part in the post-crisis overhaul required by the law, and industry groups are waiting to see whether those and similar requirements get easier in the future. Trump is also weighing nominations for key positions including Fed vice-chairman for supervision, though Fed Chair Janet Yellen has said she intends to stay at the helm until her term expires next year. In this year’s toughest stress-test scenario — called “severely adverse” — there would be a rise to 10 per cent US unemployment, a drop to near-zero interest rates and a global recession that would hammer corporate lending and commercial real estate, the Fed said. And in the less severe “adverse” scenario, banks would face a more moderate recession characterised by weaker economic activity across a wide swath of countries. The tests also subject banks to a baseline scenario that assumes conditions develop in line with economists’ forecasts. Greatest beneficiaries The new rule exempting some regional banks and foreign lenders from the qualitative tests means they can’t be failed over their preparations for dealing with their management of capital and risk under crisis. The greatest beneficiaries may be US units of Deutsche Bank and Banco Santander SA, which both failed last year because of “broad and substantial weaknesses across their capital planning processes.” That’s no longer a worry for this year, through Deutsche Bank will again face the qualitative side next year when more of its US operations are subjected to the tests. The 21 regional and foreign banks that are now off the hook for the qualitative scrutiny still have to clear the quantitative side of the tests, meaning they must prove they can keep their capital above minimum levels in periods of economic stress. On the quantitative side of the test, the banks try to stay above that defined capital minimum. On the qualitative side, the Fed examines the management of a firm’s capital as it faces the different risks. Market shocks For Wall Street banks, the annual process remains as tough as ever and often controls — in real-world terms — the amount of capital they work with. Banks with the largest trading operations face the additional burden of having to assume market shocks and trading-partner difficulties on top of their own adverse conditions. Last year’s results showed all banks had enough capital to handle a severe economic shock, though Morgan Stanley had to shore up its internal systems because the firm was close to the minimum in a key measure of leverage. Most giant banks have been able to improve their results as they’ve gotten more comfortable with the tests, and as a result they’ve been able to boost quarterly dividends. The Office of the Comptroller of the Currency also announced Friday it is using the same scenarios for the stress tests that agency oversees, which are self exams done by lenders with more than $10 billion (Dh36.7 billion) in assets. More from Banking Chairman leads deal to buy stake in Arab Bank QNB eyes Southeast Asia after beating goal MoF sessions on Government Summit sidelines NBAD, FGB select managers for merged entity BNP Paribas net profit misses estimates Bank of Sharjah net profits up 61 per cent ABN Amro cuts 60 per cent of senior management Gulf Finance House net profit up nearly 20 folds tags from this storyUnited States follow this tag on MGNDonald Trump follow this tag on MGN filed underGulfNewsBusinessSectorsBanking tagsUnited States follow this tag on MGN+ MGNDonald Trump follow this tag on MGN+ MGNforexusd Also In BankingChairman leads deal to buy stake in Arab Bank Business Gallery Classic car collectors gather in Paris Look: Inside the most expensive home in US Business Videos PlayAbu Dhabi Ship Building enjoys growing success Strata UAE leads aerospace manufacturing FOLLOW US Most Popular ViewedCommentedVideosGalleries 01NBAD, FGB select managers for merged entity 0212 dirty tricks that UAE banks play 03UAE Central Bank clarifies virtual currency ban Play Abu Dhabi Ship Building enjoys growing success Nov 24, 2016 Play Strata UAE leads aerospace manufacturing Oct 25, 2016 Play Video: Electronics fiesta as Gitex opens Oct 01, 2016 Play Emirates opens SkyPharma in Dubai Sep 18, 2016 11Images Look: Inside the most expensive home in US Feb 08, 2017 14Images In Pictures: Hatta Honey Festival Feb 02, 2017 20Images Highlights: SIHH luxury watch show Jan 18, 2017 10Images In pictures: Dubai International Boat Show 2012 Mar 13, 2012 company stock update 1d1 Wk1Mth1Qtr1Yr5Yr Gulf News Business on Twitter Tweets by @GulfNewsBiz Follow @GulfNewsBiz on Twitter Most Popular on Gulf News New UAE entry visa system approved Man who bought No 1 car plate goes on trial 2017 UAE holidays Meet Dubai's first female royal pilot Man tried to set himself on fire at Kaaba Newly-wed woman on bike killed in RAK Jet ski scam costs tourists Dh20,000 What excess sugar in diet does to your body UAE to adopt new entry visa system Close Recommended For You African nations silence the net to stem protestsPUBLISHED ON Feb 11, 2017 Energy stocks look for catalyst out of doldrumsPUBLISHED ON Feb 11, 2017 'Relationships, not money, key to happiness'PUBLISHED ON Feb 11, 2017 Feedback Get The Paper Our Apps Mobile friendly version Our location Advanced Search Sitemap MY GULF NEWS GulfNews.com is the most widely read newspaper, and online site in English in the Middle East. With a daily BPA audited paid circulation of over 108,000, and an online audience of 3.5 million uniques every month, it is your go to source for information on the region. Sign up below to begin personalising your experienceRegister now News Business Sport Leisure Guides Opinion Multimedia In Focus Life&Style Culture Your Say Enter your keyword follow usRssFollow us on FacebookFollow us on TwitterFollow us on google plus Sign up for newsletterSign Up PreviousNext © Al Nisr Publishing LLC 2016. All rights reserved GN Media How to follow Gulf News History of GulfNews Key Dates Community Advertise Print Direct Marketing About Gulf News Journalism ethics Ethics Policy Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Readers' Policy FAQs Open Calais Careers at Gulf News How to find Gulf News Contact Us Print Subscriptions MGN New GulfNews.com: A considerable step forward in terms of user experience
gulfnews.com no longer supports Internet Explorer 8 or earlier. Please upgrade your browser.LEARN MORE ? Enter your keyword sign inorRegister now Mobile Site GN Network Aquarius The monthly women's lifestyle magazine offering real solutions for real women. Friday The most read magazine in the UAE. Lively, intelligent and thought-provoking. GN Focus Focused reports on events, business and lifestyle. In depth, insightful, influential. Inside Out An inspiring home interiors magazine showcasing the best interior design. tabloid! The No. 1 source for entertainment, lifestyle & fashion in the UAE. Weekend Review In-depth look at issues behind the news, with sections on people, books and art. Wheels A weekly motoring magazine packed with the latest local and global motoring news, reviews and views. GNTECH Gadget soup for the techy soul. News and reviews with our own irreverent spin Baby & Child From pregnancy to playdates in the UAE Gulf News Store Buy latest products from our online store Classifieds GNCars The UAE's first stop shop for buying and selling cars. GNCareers Give your career a boost. Find the best and latest jobs. GNClassifieds The site for buying and selling almost anything. GNproperty Region's leading property site for buying and renting. Apps App for iPhone The official Gulf News app tailored for iOs phones App for Android Mobile The official Gulf News app tailored for Android phones App for iPad Gulf News made highly readable for Apple's iPad Gulf News mobile Fast, lightweight, perfect for mobile browsing SMS alerts The fastest way to find out about breaking stories Cricket App Live cricket action direct to your phone Good Living App Hundreds of offers direct to your phone Subscribe Gulf News Subscribe Now Aquarius Subscribe Now Xpress Subscribe Now Inside Out Subscribe Now Wheels Subscribe Now Baby & Child Subscribe Now Quick Links E-Paper Digital version of today’s newspaper, exactly as it is in print. Mobile Version The fast and light-weight mobile version of GulfNews.com. Advertising Guide Get your brand seen in the region's most read newspaper. SMS News Alerts The fastest way to hear about major breaking stories. Goodliving 100s of offers, half price deals, 2 for 1s - and more. Contact Us Have something you want to tell us, a question, or complaint? Gulf News Store Buy latest products from our online store SHARES ECONOMY February 11, 2017 | Last updated 9 minutes ago ---- 24KGold-- oil--   Hot Topics: UAE holidays 2017 UAE in India Gold Rate Weather Horoscope The GN Store UAE News Business Data Equities Commodities Currencies top stories in Data Dubai gold prices hit record high UAE shoppers go easy on gold jewellery Global gold jewellery demand fell to 7-year low Gold Rate Sectors12 Markets11 Automotives1 Banking Construction Employment Features1 General Investment Media Careers1 Energy66 Retail Shipping Technology2 Telecoms1 Tourism1 top stories in Sectors Airlines fighting tech glitches every day IEA says 90% compliance rate in Opec output cut Lithuania tourism chief quits over ‘fake’ ads Renewables Aviation2 Live Flights top stories in Aviation Airlines fighting tech glitches every day EU readies to face Gulf carrier challenge Boeing wins $14b jet order from Singapore Air Economy7 Property GN Property top stories in Property Moody’s upgrades Aldar rating to Baa2 Inside Donald Trump’s Dubai golf course Meet Trump's sons at Dubai golf club Money4 Visas Analysis4 Sport Opinion Leisure Life&Style Culture Guides Multimedia Your Say In Focus Boycotts, Trump’s tirades part of new business landscape Companies are feeling political pressure like never before, squeezed on one side by consumers and on the other by Trump Image Credit: Reuters People gather to protest outside the Uber offices in New York on February 2. A seat on a high-profile White House council has previously been a can’t-pass-it-up sign of prestige. Published: 16:34 February 4, 2017 AP   SMALL MEDIUM LARGE Washington: Uber’s CEO quit President Donald Trump’s business council. Nordstrom stopped selling Ivanka Trump’s fashion. Boeing, Lockheed Martin and Toyota, meanwhile, suffered through the discomfort of being on the receiving end of Trump Twitter tirades. The Trump era is a perilous new landscape for corporate America. Companies are feeling political pressure like never before, squeezed on one side by consumers who are boycotting products with any ties to the administration and on the other by the outspoken, social media-loving president. For most companies, the decision to get political used to be made after long, careful deliberations among a company’s leader, public relations team, lawyers and lobbyists. Now, in an increasingly divided America, companies may have no choice but to move quickly. “You have to understand your customers in real time because political ramifications are happening instantly,” said Matt Friedman, a crisis communications adviser based near Detroit who has worked with public and private companies. “Each business now has to look at where their customer fits into the political divide and how their company values align to what the president is doing on a day-to-day basis.” The predicament for companies was on display ahead of Trump’s first White House meeting Friday with his business forum, a group that includes General Motors CEO Mary Barra, JP Morgan CEO Jamie Dimon and a dozen others. The night before, Uber’s Travis Kalanick told his employees he’d decided to quit the council because his presence on it was being “misinterpreted” as an endorsement of the president. “I spent a lot of time thinking about this and mapping it to our values,” Kalanick told employees in an internal memo obtained by The Associated Press. Seeking guidance Disney CEO Bob Iger didn’t attend either” instead he was at a company board meeting in California. A seat on a high-profile White House council, no matter the political party in power, has previously been a can’t-pass-up sign of prestige. It’s a direct way for a company to express opinions to the president — far less fraught than trying to gain access through lobbying or donating money. Trump said he intends to take advice from the council, which he said would meet regularly to discuss policies. Trump said he’d be seeking guidance on his plans to roll back the financial services legislation known as the Dodd-Frank bill from JP Morgan’s Dimon. “There’s nobody better to tell me about Dodd-Frank than Jamie,” he said Friday. But an audience with this president, at least at this stage, brings with it customer complications. No doubt weighing into Kalanick’s decision to give up that influence was the boycott the ride-sharing company, popular in urban, largely Democratic areas, had been experiencing all week. That campaign went viral on social media Saturday night when people perceived Uber as trying to break a taxi strike to and from New York’s John F. Kennedy Airport that was in response to Trump’s executive order suspending the country’s refugee program. It didn’t let up even after Uber publicly condemned Trump’s executive order and contributed to relief groups. Flip-the-table moment Shannon Coulter, one of the organisers of the “Grab Your Wallet” social media effort to encourage boycotts of companies tied to Trump, said she would only be satisfied when Kalanick resigned from the presidential forum, saying: “This is not a ‘seat at the table’ moment. This is a flip-the-table moment.” Grab Your Wallet claimed another victory Thursday night when Nordstrom announced it had stopped selling first daughter Ivanka Trump’s fashion line. The company cited the brand’s performance. The department store was one of Grab Your Wallet’s first targets. Neiman Marcus also appears to have stopped selling her jewellery. “Companies have been late to the game with realising how much ire it can create to associate with a person like Donald,” Coulter said. While the anti-Trump boycotters cheered Nordstrom, angry Trump supporters deluged the company with angry messages on Twitter — some saying they were now prepared to begin their own boycott. Nordstrom spent the night responding to hundreds of them, with messages like: “We’re so sorry to disappoint you. It’s not a political decision for us.” Maine-based retailer L.L. Bean faced the flip side of that. Linda Bean, one of many family members involved in the company, gave money to a pro-Trump super PAC during the campaign, prompting Grab Your Wallet to call for a boycott, which in turn prompted Trump to weigh in with a bit of social-media marketing. “Thank you to Linda Bean of L.L. Bean for your great support and courage. People will support you even more now. Buy L.L. Bean,” Trump tweeted last month, a few weeks before taking office. Angry supporters When they make a move that could be perceived as a knock on the president, companies like Nordstrom must calculate not only the financial impact of angering Trump supporters but also the possibility that Trump himself could take notice — spiralling the crisis to another level. Robert Passikoff, president of Brand Keys Inc, said CEOs are especially vulnerable now because technology allows people to protest and vent their anger without organising a march, or even leaving their home. Among those who can weigh in with a few finger taps: the leader of the free world. “The direct communication from the president of the United States, with attacks on specific brands and specific people, is not something we’ve ever seen before,” he said. Just how much this new, perilous environment for CEOs will actually affect business in the long term is difficult to know. Shares of Lockheed fell sharply after the president tweeted in December that the cost of its F-35 fighter jets was “out of control,” then fell again after he complained about the military contractor at a news conference the next month. The stock quickly recovered both times. More from Economy IEA says 90% compliance rate in Opec output cut UK manufacturing jump shows strong end to 2016 China cash crunch test looms Turkish wealth fund more akin to a national bank Egypt ‘investor backlog to claim funds over’ ‘Made in India’ exhibition to be held in Kuwait Some of biggest risks to the Gulf region German surplus set to fuel US friction tags from this storyDonald Trump follow this tag on MGNTwitter follow this tag on MGNUnited States follow this tag on MGNToyota follow this tag on MGN filed underGulfNewsBusinessEconomy tagsDonald Trump follow this tag on MGN+ MGNTwitter follow this tag on MGN+ MGNUnited States follow this tag on MGN+ MGNToyota follow this tag on MGN+ MGN Also In EconomyIEA says 90% compliance rate in Opec output cut Business Gallery Classic car collectors gather in Paris Look: Inside the most expensive home in US Business Videos PlayAbu Dhabi Ship Building enjoys growing success Strata UAE leads aerospace manufacturing FOLLOW US Most Popular ViewedCommentedVideosGalleries 01Visa changes could hurt US-India ties 02Sharjah is among top ten future global cities 03Some of biggest risks to the Gulf region Play Abu Dhabi Ship Building enjoys growing success Nov 24, 2016 Play Strata UAE leads aerospace manufacturing Oct 25, 2016 Play Video: Electronics fiesta as Gitex opens Oct 01, 2016 Play Emirates opens SkyPharma in Dubai Sep 18, 2016 11Images Look: Inside the most expensive home in US Feb 08, 2017 14Images In Pictures: Hatta Honey Festival Feb 02, 2017 20Images Highlights: SIHH luxury watch show Jan 18, 2017 10Images In pictures: Dubai International Boat Show 2012 Mar 13, 2012 Currency Converter first-currency currencyAEDDinarRupee= first-currency currencyINRDinarRupee Most Popular on Gulf News New UAE entry visa system approved Man who bought No 1 car plate goes on trial 2017 UAE holidays Meet Dubai's first female royal pilot Man tried to set himself on fire at Kaaba Newly-wed woman on bike killed in RAK Jet ski scam costs tourists Dh20,000 What excess sugar in diet does to your body UAE to adopt new entry visa system Close Recommended For You Energy stocks look for catalyst out of doldrumsPUBLISHED ON Feb 11, 2017 Hedge funds head back into government bondsPUBLISHED ON Feb 11, 2017 'Relationships, not money, key to happiness'PUBLISHED ON Feb 11, 2017 Feedback Get The Paper Our Apps Mobile friendly version Our location Advanced Search Sitemap MY GULF NEWS GulfNews.com is the most widely read newspaper, and online site in English in the Middle East. With a daily BPA audited paid circulation of over 108,000, and an online audience of 3.5 million uniques every month, it is your go to source for information on the region. Sign up below to begin personalising your experienceRegister now News Business Sport Leisure Guides Opinion Multimedia In Focus Life&Style Culture Your Say Enter your keyword follow usRssFollow us on FacebookFollow us on TwitterFollow us on google plus Sign up for newsletterSign Up PreviousNext © Al Nisr Publishing LLC 2016. All rights reserved GN Media How to follow Gulf News History of GulfNews Key Dates Community Advertise Print Direct Marketing About Gulf News Journalism ethics Ethics Policy Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Readers' Policy FAQs Open Calais Careers at Gulf News How to find Gulf News Contact Us Print Subscriptions MGN New GulfNews.com: A considerable step forward in terms of user experience
gulfnews.com no longer supports Internet Explorer 8 or earlier. Please upgrade your browser.LEARN MORE ? Enter your keyword sign inorRegister now Mobile Site GN Network Aquarius The monthly women's lifestyle magazine offering real solutions for real women. Friday The most read magazine in the UAE. Lively, intelligent and thought-provoking. GN Focus Focused reports on events, business and lifestyle. In depth, insightful, influential. Inside Out An inspiring home interiors magazine showcasing the best interior design. tabloid! The No. 1 source for entertainment, lifestyle & fashion in the UAE. Weekend Review In-depth look at issues behind the news, with sections on people, books and art. Wheels A weekly motoring magazine packed with the latest local and global motoring news, reviews and views. GNTECH Gadget soup for the techy soul. News and reviews with our own irreverent spin Baby & Child From pregnancy to playdates in the UAE Gulf News Store Buy latest products from our online store Classifieds GNCars The UAE's first stop shop for buying and selling cars. GNCareers Give your career a boost. Find the best and latest jobs. GNClassifieds The site for buying and selling almost anything. GNproperty Region's leading property site for buying and renting. Apps App for iPhone The official Gulf News app tailored for iOs phones App for Android Mobile The official Gulf News app tailored for Android phones App for iPad Gulf News made highly readable for Apple's iPad Gulf News mobile Fast, lightweight, perfect for mobile browsing SMS alerts The fastest way to find out about breaking stories Cricket App Live cricket action direct to your phone Good Living App Hundreds of offers direct to your phone Subscribe Gulf News Subscribe Now Aquarius Subscribe Now Xpress Subscribe Now Inside Out Subscribe Now Wheels Subscribe Now Baby & Child Subscribe Now Quick Links E-Paper Digital version of today’s newspaper, exactly as it is in print. Mobile Version The fast and light-weight mobile version of GulfNews.com. Advertising Guide Get your brand seen in the region's most read newspaper. SMS News Alerts The fastest way to hear about major breaking stories. Goodliving 100s of offers, half price deals, 2 for 1s - and more. Contact Us Have something you want to tell us, a question, or complaint? Gulf News Store Buy latest products from our online store SHARES ECONOMY February 11, 2017 | Last updated 9 minutes ago ---- 24KGold-- oil--   Hot Topics: UAE holidays 2017 UAE in India Gold Rate Weather Horoscope The GN Store UAE News Business Data Equities Commodities Currencies top stories in Data Dubai gold prices hit record high UAE shoppers go easy on gold jewellery Global gold jewellery demand fell to 7-year low Gold Rate Sectors12 Markets11 Automotives1 Banking Construction Employment Features1 General Investment Media Careers1 Energy66 Retail Shipping Technology2 Telecoms1 Tourism1 top stories in Sectors Airlines fighting tech glitches every day IEA says 90% compliance rate in Opec output cut Lithuania tourism chief quits over ‘fake’ ads Renewables Aviation2 Live Flights top stories in Aviation Airlines fighting tech glitches every day EU readies to face Gulf carrier challenge Boeing wins $14b jet order from Singapore Air Economy7 Property GN Property top stories in Property Moody’s upgrades Aldar rating to Baa2 Inside Donald Trump’s Dubai golf course Meet Trump's sons at Dubai golf club Money4 Visas Analysis4 Sport Opinion Leisure Life&Style Culture Guides Multimedia Your Say In Focus Trump cites friends to say banks aren’t making loans. They are At JPMorgan, the biggest US bank, core loans increased 10% to $806.2b last year Image Credit: AFP A New York City Police officer at the entrance to the JPMorgan Chase World Headquarters on Park Avenue in NewYork. Published: 16:16 February 4, 2017 Bloomberg   SMALL MEDIUM LARGE New York: As he prepared to sign orders designed to roll back bank regulations enacted to stop the next financial crisis, President Donald Trump said that the rules are stifling lending. “We expect to be cutting a lot out of Dodd-Frank, because frankly I have so many people, friends of mine, that have nice businesses and they can’t borrow money,” Trump said on Friday. “They just can’t get any money because the banks just won’t let them borrow because of the rules and regulations in Dodd-Frank.” That may be the case for the president’s friends — although Trump pal Carl Icahn seemed to have little trouble two weeks ago when he borrowed $1.2 billion (Dh4.4 billion) — but it’s not supported by data. Lending declined initially after 2008, when the entire banking industry was almost wiped out by the collapse of the US housing market. But it’s grown steadily since then, expanding by 6 per cent a year since 2013, far faster than the economy. Banks now have a record $9.1 trillion of loans outstanding. “Loan growth remains robust,” JPMorgan Chase & Co Chief Financial Officer Marianne Lake said last month on a conference call with analysts. At JPMorgan, the biggest US bank, core loans increased 10 per cent to $806.2 billion last year, with gains in every category including credit cards and wholesale debt. Bank of America Corp.’s total loans climbed 1.1 per cent to $906.8 billion, while Wells Fargo & Co’s grew 5.6 per cent to $968 billion. Reducing transparency “I don’t think this is about the financial sector making more loans,” said Michael Barr, a University of Michigan law professor who helped design the Dodd-Frank Rule while working for the previous administration. “They are reducing transparency in the system and reducing guardrails that are going to keep the system safe.” One hated provision of Dodd-Frank — the Volcker rule — bans the largest firms from making speculative bets with their own money. Goldman Sachs Group Inc.’s return on equity, a measure of profitability, has dropped from as high as 34 per cent before the crisis to 8 per cent last quarter. That means less money for bonuses and shareholder dividends. Former Goldman Sachs President Gary Cohn, now Trump’s top economic adviser, looked on Friday as Trump signed two directives aimed at loosening financial regulations. Among the targets are the Volcker rule, the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau and a requirement that advisers on retirement accounts work in the best interests of their clients. Cohn said in a Bloomberg Television interview that the administration can make many changes without the involvement of Congress, where Trump’s deregulatory agenda will face Democratic opposition. “Every place a bank needs to hold capital and they need to retain capital prohibits them from lending,” Cohn said in the interview. “So we’re going to attack all aspects of Dodd-Frank.” Bank capital Banks don’t actually “hold” capital. In banking, capital refers to the funding they receive from shareholders. Every penny of it can be loaned out. A 5 per cent minimum capital requirement means that 5 per cent of the bank’s liabilities has to be equity, while the rest can be deposits or other borrowing. The more equity a bank has, the smaller its risk of failing when losses pile up. “The claim that regulations are prohibiting lending is simply false,” said Anat Admati, a Stanford University finance professor and member of the Federal Deposit Insurance Corp.’s Systemic Resolution Advisory Committee. “The banks have plenty of money and can raise more from investors like other businesses if they have worthy loans to make. If they don’t lend, it’s because they choose not to lend and instead do many other things.” While raising capital requirements doesn’t prohibit lending, it can slow the growth of loans because banks are often reluctant to raise more equity from shareholders. Dodd-Frank also didn’t set capital requirements. Those are decided internationally by regulators from 27 countries that gather at the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision. Former Goldman Sachs partner Philip D. Murphy, who was a member of the bank’s management committee with Cohn and Treasury Secretary nominee Steven Mnuchin, said he’s mystified by the changes they’re pushing. “To think that undoing those regulations is going to lead to a better result is folly,” says Murphy, who’s seeking the Democratic nomination in this year’s New Jersey gubernatorial race. “The fox is in the hen house, that’s what this is. This is people on Wall Street who should know better.” More from Economy IEA says 90% compliance rate in Opec output cut UK manufacturing jump shows strong end to 2016 China cash crunch test looms Turkish wealth fund more akin to a national bank Egypt ‘investor backlog to claim funds over’ ‘Made in India’ exhibition to be held in Kuwait Some of biggest risks to the Gulf region German surplus set to fuel US friction tags from this storyDonald Trump follow this tag on MGNUnited States follow this tag on MGN filed underGulfNewsBusinessEconomy tagsDonald Trump follow this tag on MGN+ MGNUnited States follow this tag on MGN+ MGN Also In EconomyIEA says 90% compliance rate in Opec output cut Business Gallery Classic car collectors gather in Paris Look: Inside the most expensive home in US Business Videos PlayAbu Dhabi Ship Building enjoys growing success Strata UAE leads aerospace manufacturing FOLLOW US Most Popular ViewedCommentedVideosGalleries 01Visa changes could hurt US-India ties 02Sharjah is among top ten future global cities 03Some of biggest risks to the Gulf region Play Abu Dhabi Ship Building enjoys growing success Nov 24, 2016 Play Strata UAE leads aerospace manufacturing Oct 25, 2016 Play Video: Electronics fiesta as Gitex opens Oct 01, 2016 Play Emirates opens SkyPharma in Dubai Sep 18, 2016 11Images Look: Inside the most expensive home in US Feb 08, 2017 14Images In Pictures: Hatta Honey Festival Feb 02, 2017 20Images Highlights: SIHH luxury watch show Jan 18, 2017 10Images In pictures: Dubai International Boat Show 2012 Mar 13, 2012 Currency Converter first-currency currencyAEDDinarRupee= first-currency currencyINRDinarRupee Most Popular on Gulf News New UAE entry visa system approved Man who bought No 1 car plate goes on trial 2017 UAE holidays Meet Dubai's first female royal pilot Man tried to set himself on fire at Kaaba Newly-wed woman on bike killed in RAK Jet ski scam costs tourists Dh20,000 What excess sugar in diet does to your body UAE to adopt new entry visa system Close Recommended For You Energy stocks look for catalyst out of doldrumsPUBLISHED ON Feb 11, 2017 Hedge funds head back into government bondsPUBLISHED ON Feb 11, 2017 'Relationships, not money, key to happiness'PUBLISHED ON Feb 11, 2017 Feedback Get The Paper Our Apps Mobile friendly version Our location Advanced Search Sitemap MY GULF NEWS GulfNews.com is the most widely read newspaper, and online site in English in the Middle East. With a daily BPA audited paid circulation of over 108,000, and an online audience of 3.5 million uniques every month, it is your go to source for information on the region. Sign up below to begin personalising your experienceRegister now News Business Sport Leisure Guides Opinion Multimedia In Focus Life&Style Culture Your Say Enter your keyword follow usRssFollow us on FacebookFollow us on TwitterFollow us on google plus Sign up for newsletterSign Up PreviousNext © Al Nisr Publishing LLC 2016. All rights reserved GN Media How to follow Gulf News History of GulfNews Key Dates Community Advertise Print Direct Marketing About Gulf News Journalism ethics Ethics Policy Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Readers' Policy FAQs Open Calais Careers at Gulf News How to find Gulf News Contact Us Print Subscriptions MGN New GulfNews.com: A considerable step forward in terms of user experience
gulfnews.com no longer supports Internet Explorer 8 or earlier. Please upgrade your browser.LEARN MORE ? Enter your keyword sign inorRegister now Mobile Site GN Network Aquarius The monthly women's lifestyle magazine offering real solutions for real women. Friday The most read magazine in the UAE. Lively, intelligent and thought-provoking. GN Focus Focused reports on events, business and lifestyle. In depth, insightful, influential. Inside Out An inspiring home interiors magazine showcasing the best interior design. tabloid! The No. 1 source for entertainment, lifestyle & fashion in the UAE. Weekend Review In-depth look at issues behind the news, with sections on people, books and art. Wheels A weekly motoring magazine packed with the latest local and global motoring news, reviews and views. GNTECH Gadget soup for the techy soul. News and reviews with our own irreverent spin Baby & Child From pregnancy to playdates in the UAE Gulf News Store Buy latest products from our online store Classifieds GNCars The UAE's first stop shop for buying and selling cars. GNCareers Give your career a boost. Find the best and latest jobs. GNClassifieds The site for buying and selling almost anything. GNproperty Region's leading property site for buying and renting. Apps App for iPhone The official Gulf News app tailored for iOs phones App for Android Mobile The official Gulf News app tailored for Android phones App for iPad Gulf News made highly readable for Apple's iPad Gulf News mobile Fast, lightweight, perfect for mobile browsing SMS alerts The fastest way to find out about breaking stories Cricket App Live cricket action direct to your phone Good Living App Hundreds of offers direct to your phone Subscribe Gulf News Subscribe Now Aquarius Subscribe Now Xpress Subscribe Now Inside Out Subscribe Now Wheels Subscribe Now Baby & Child Subscribe Now Quick Links E-Paper Digital version of today’s newspaper, exactly as it is in print. Mobile Version The fast and light-weight mobile version of GulfNews.com. Advertising Guide Get your brand seen in the region's most read newspaper. SMS News Alerts The fastest way to hear about major breaking stories. Goodliving 100s of offers, half price deals, 2 for 1s - and more. Contact Us Have something you want to tell us, a question, or complaint? Gulf News Store Buy latest products from our online store SHARES ECONOMY February 11, 2017 | Last updated 9 minutes ago ---- 24KGold-- oil--   Hot Topics: UAE holidays 2017 UAE in India Gold Rate Weather Horoscope The GN Store UAE News Business Data Equities Commodities Currencies top stories in Data Dubai gold prices hit record high UAE shoppers go easy on gold jewellery Global gold jewellery demand fell to 7-year low Gold Rate Sectors12 Markets11 Automotives1 Banking Construction Employment Features1 General Investment Media Careers1 Energy66 Retail Shipping Technology2 Telecoms1 Tourism1 top stories in Sectors Airlines fighting tech glitches every day IEA says 90% compliance rate in Opec output cut Lithuania tourism chief quits over ‘fake’ ads Renewables Aviation2 Live Flights top stories in Aviation Airlines fighting tech glitches every day EU readies to face Gulf carrier challenge Boeing wins $14b jet order from Singapore Air Economy7 Property GN Property top stories in Property Moody’s upgrades Aldar rating to Baa2 Inside Donald Trump’s Dubai golf course Meet Trump's sons at Dubai golf club Money4 Visas Analysis4 Sport Opinion Leisure Life&Style Culture Guides Multimedia Your Say In Focus Trump attacks restrictions on big banks, retirement advisers Declares law design to prevent financial crisis unnecessarily cramps the US economy and job creation Published: 16:26 February 4, 2017 AP   SMALL MEDIUM LARGE Washington: President Donald Trump has launched his long-promised attack on banking rules that were rushed into law after the nation’s economic crisis, signing new orders after meeting with business and investment chiefs and pledging further action to free big banks from restrictions. Wall Street cheered him on, but Trump risks disillusioning his working-class voters. On Friday he directed his Treasury secretary to review the devilishly complex 2010 Dodd-Frank financial oversight law, which was signed by President Barack Obama to overhaul regulations after the financial and housing crisis of the past decade. It aimed to restrain banks’ from misdeeds that many blamed for the crisis. The new president also signed a memorandum instructing the Labor Department to delay an Obama-era rule that requires financial professionals who charge commissions to put their clients’ best interests first when giving advice on retirement investments. While the order on Dodd-Frank, named after its Democratic sponsors, won’t have an immediate impact, Trump’s intent is clear. The law has been a disaster in restricting banks’ activities, he said earlier this week. “We’re going to be doing a big number on Dodd-Frank.” During a meeting with business leaders, including JPMorgan Chase CEO Jamie Dimon on Friday, he said, “Frankly I have so many people, friends of mine that have nice businesses that can’t borrow money. They just can’t get any money because the banks just won’t let ‘em borrow because of the rules and regulations of Dodd-Frank.” Consumer protection Those regulations unnecessarily cramp the US economy and job creation, he declared. But many Democrats see it differently, including Senator Elizabeth Warren, who was behind the formation of the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau, formed as part of the Dodd-Frank law. “Donald Trump talked a big game about Wall Street during his campaign — but as president, we’re finding out whose side he’s really on,” Warren said in a statement. “The Wall Street bankers and lobbyists whose greed and recklessness nearly destroyed this country may be toasting each other with champagne, but the American people have not forgotten the 2008 financial crisis — and they will not forget what happened today.” The crisis touched off the worst recession since the 1930s Great Depression, wiping out $11 trillion in US household wealth and leaving about 8 million Americans jobless. US taxpayers funded multibillion-dollar bailouts of Wall Street mega-banks, smaller banks across the country and other financial firms. Eight years on, the economy’s recovery has been halting, a situation that contributed to Trump’s election. Beyond being fed up with bailouts, consumers have an interest in the Financial Protection Bureau, which expanded regulators’ ability to police a wide array of financial products and services. During his campaign, Trump pledged to repeal and replace the law, but he also railed against Wall Street excess and vowed to hold the industry accountable for the crisis. His rhetoric left questions about how closely he would align with the financial services industries’ years-long fight to undo regulations they view as burdensome. Since winning the White House, Trump has cleared up some of those questions. He has filled his administration with millionaires and financiers and signed the orders after meeting with top CEOs and banking executives. Fiduciary rule In his other action Friday, Trump’s presidential memorandum on financial advisers delayed implementation of the past administration’s “fiduciary rule,” aimed at blocking consultants from steering clients toward investments with higher commissions and fees that can eat away at retirement savings. The rule was to take effect in April. The financial services industry argues that the rule would limit retirees’ investment choices by forcing asset managers to steer them to low-risk options. Meanwhile, unwinding most of Dodd-Frank will require legislation, and on Capitol Hill the Republicans’ yearning to cut it down is as strong as ever. But tax reform, reworking “Obamacare” and other issues are more immediate priorities, some Republicans suggest. Further, the big Wall Street banks already have baked in many of the Dodd-Frank rules and aren’t clamouring to unwind all of them. Aiming lower, in the predawn hours of Friday, Congress passed and sent to Trump for his signature legislation striking down a rule that requires oil and gas companies to disclose payments to the US or foreign governments for commercial development. Political risk Critics warn that rolling back the Dodd-Frank regulations would put the economy at risk. “You can blow up the financial system and really crush the American economy. I think that’s where they’re headed,” said Michael S. Barr, a former assistant treasury secretary for financial institutions and a key architect of the law. The Consumer Financial Protection Bureau is a prime target within the law for Republican lawmakers, who have long accused it of overreach. But there are political risks in Trump taking a hatchet to a watchdog agency focused on protecting ordinary consumers against abusive practices by banks, mortgage companies, credit card issuers, payday lenders, debt collectors and others. Over five years, the agency says, it has recovered $11.7 billion (Dh42.9 billion) that it returned to more than 27 million harmed consumers. “You could expect pushback, that this is about favouring Wall Street over Main Street,” said Phillip Swagel, an assistant Treasury secretary for economic policy in the George W. Bush administration. Going after the bureau, Barr said, would likely hurt consumers, “including some of President Trump’s strongest supporters”. More from Economy IEA says 90% compliance rate in Opec output cut UK manufacturing jump shows strong end to 2016 China cash crunch test looms Turkish wealth fund more akin to a national bank Egypt ‘investor backlog to claim funds over’ ‘Made in India’ exhibition to be held in Kuwait Some of biggest risks to the Gulf region German surplus set to fuel US friction tags from this storyUnited States follow this tag on MGNDonald Trump follow this tag on MGN filed underGulfNewsBusinessEconomy tagsUnited States follow this tag on MGN+ MGNDonald Trump follow this tag on MGN+ MGNforexusd Also In EconomyIEA says 90% compliance rate in Opec output cut Business Gallery Classic car collectors gather in Paris Look: Inside the most expensive home in US Business Videos PlayAbu Dhabi Ship Building enjoys growing success Strata UAE leads aerospace manufacturing FOLLOW US Most Popular ViewedCommentedVideosGalleries 01Visa changes could hurt US-India ties 02Sharjah is among top ten future global cities 03Some of biggest risks to the Gulf region Play Abu Dhabi Ship Building enjoys growing success Nov 24, 2016 Play Strata UAE leads aerospace manufacturing Oct 25, 2016 Play Video: Electronics fiesta as Gitex opens Oct 01, 2016 Play Emirates opens SkyPharma in Dubai Sep 18, 2016 11Images Look: Inside the most expensive home in US Feb 08, 2017 14Images In Pictures: Hatta Honey Festival Feb 02, 2017 20Images Highlights: SIHH luxury watch show Jan 18, 2017 10Images In pictures: Dubai International Boat Show 2012 Mar 13, 2012 Currency Converter first-currency currencyAEDDinarRupee= first-currency currencyINRDinarRupee Most Popular on Gulf News New UAE entry visa system approved Man who bought No 1 car plate goes on trial 2017 UAE holidays Meet Dubai's first female royal pilot Man tried to set himself on fire at Kaaba Newly-wed woman on bike killed in RAK Jet ski scam costs tourists Dh20,000 What excess sugar in diet does to your body UAE to adopt new entry visa system Close Recommended For You African nations silence the net to stem protestsPUBLISHED ON Feb 11, 2017 Energy stocks look for catalyst out of doldrumsPUBLISHED ON Feb 11, 2017 'Relationships, not money, key to happiness'PUBLISHED ON Feb 11, 2017 Feedback Get The Paper Our Apps Mobile friendly version Our location Advanced Search Sitemap MY GULF NEWS GulfNews.com is the most widely read newspaper, and online site in English in the Middle East. With a daily BPA audited paid circulation of over 108,000, and an online audience of 3.5 million uniques every month, it is your go to source for information on the region. Sign up below to begin personalising your experienceRegister now News Business Sport Leisure Guides Opinion Multimedia In Focus Life&Style Culture Your Say Enter your keyword follow usRssFollow us on FacebookFollow us on TwitterFollow us on google plus Sign up for newsletterSign Up PreviousNext © Al Nisr Publishing LLC 2016. All rights reserved GN Media How to follow Gulf News History of GulfNews Key Dates Community Advertise Print Direct Marketing About Gulf News Journalism ethics Ethics Policy Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Readers' Policy FAQs Open Calais Careers at Gulf News How to find Gulf News Contact Us Print Subscriptions MGN New GulfNews.com: A considerable step forward in terms of user experience
Home   Street Talk   Personal Finance   Economy   Companies   Markets   Investing & Analysis   Insiders   Money Wire   Newsletters Special Discover 270 Ways to Slash Your 2016 Tax Bill Home | Street Talk Tags: Trump | boycott | Uber | Disney Boycotts, Trump's Tirades Part of New Business Landscape (AP/Pablo Martinez Monsivais) Saturday, 04 Feb 2017 08:20 AM Close  More ways to share... Stumbled LinkedIn Vine Reddit Delicious Newstrust Tell my politician Technocrati Short URL| Email Article| Comment| Contact| Print|     A   A    Uber's CEO quit President Donald Trump's business council. Nordstrom stopped selling Ivanka Trump's fashion. Boeing, Lockheed Martin and Toyota, meanwhile, suffered through the discomfort of being on the receiving end of Trump Twitter tirades. The Trump era is a perilous new landscape for corporate America. Companies are feeling political pressure like never before, squeezed on one side by consumers who are boycotting products with any ties to the administration and on the other by the outspoken, social media-loving president. For most companies, the decision to get political used to be made after long, careful deliberations among a company's leader, public relations team, lawyers and lobbyists. Now, in an increasingly divided America, companies may have no choice but to move quickly. "You have to understand your customers in real time because political ramifications are happening instantly," said Matt Friedman, a crisis communications adviser based near Detroit who has worked with public and private companies. "Each business now has to look at where their customer fits into the political divide and how their company values align to what the president is doing on a day-to-day basis." The predicament for companies was on display ahead of Trump's first White House meeting Friday with his business forum, a group that includes General Motors CEO Mary Barra, JP Morgan CEO Jamie Dimon and a dozen others. The night before, Uber's Travis Kalanick told his employees he'd decided to quit the council because his presence on it was being "misinterpreted" as an endorsement of the president. "I spent a lot of time thinking about this and mapping it to our values," Kalanick told employees in an internal memo obtained by The Associated Press. Disney CEO Bob Iger didn't attend either; instead he was at a company board meeting in California. A seat on a high-profile White House council, no matter the political party in power, has previously been a can't-pass-up sign of prestige. It's a direct way for a company to express opinions to the president — far less fraught than trying to gain access through lobbying or donating money. Trump said he intends to take advice from the council, which he said would meet regularly to discuss policies. Trump said he'd be seeking guidance on his plans to roll back the financial services legislation known as the Dodd-Frank bill from JP Morgan's Dimon. "There's nobody better to tell me about Dodd-Frank than Jamie," he said Friday. But an audience with this president, at least at this stage, brings with it customer complications. No doubt weighing into Kalanick's decision to give up that influence was the boycott the ride-sharing company, popular in urban, largely Democratic areas, had been experiencing all week. That campaign went viral on social media Saturday night when people perceived Uber as trying to break a taxi strike to and from New York's John F. Kennedy Airport that was in response to Trump's executive order suspending the country's refugee program. It didn't let up even after Uber publicly condemned Trump's executive order and contributed to relief groups. Shannon Coulter, one of the organizers of the "Grab Your Wallet" social media effort to encourage boycotts of companies tied to Trump, said she would only be satisfied when Kalanick resigned from the presidential forum, saying: "This is not a 'seat at the table' moment. This is a flip-the-table moment." Grab Your Wallet claimed another victory Thursday night when Nordstrom announced it had stopped selling first daughter Ivanka Trump's fashion line. The company cited the brand's performance. The department store was one of Grab Your Wallet's first targets. Neiman Marcus also appears to have stopped selling her jewelry. "Companies have been late to the game with realizing how much ire it can create to associate with a person like Donald," Coulter said. While the anti-Trump boycotters cheered Nordstrom, angry Trump supporters deluged the company with angry messages on Twitter — some saying they were now prepared to begin their own boycott. Nordstrom spent the night responding to hundreds of them, with messages like: "We're so sorry to disappoint you. It's not a political decision for us." Maine-based retailer L.L. Bean faced the flip side of that. Linda Bean, one of many family members involved in the company, gave money to a pro-Trump super PAC during the campaign, prompting Grab Your Wallet to call for a boycott, which in turn prompted Trump to weigh in with a bit of social-media marketing. "Thank you to Linda Bean of L.L. Bean for your great support and courage. People will support you even more now. Buy L.L. Bean," Trump tweeted last month, a few weeks before taking office. When they make a move that could be perceived as a knock on the president, companies like Nordstrom must calculate not only the financial impact of angering Trump supporters but also the possibility that Trump himself could take notice — spiraling the crisis to another level. Robert Passikoff, president of Brand Keys Inc., said CEOs are especially vulnerable now because technology allows people to protest and vent their anger without organizing a march, or even leaving their home. Among those who can weigh in with a few finger taps: the leader of the free world. "The direct communication from the president of the United States, with attacks on specific brands and specific people, is not something we've ever seen before," he said. Just how much this new, perilous environment for CEOs will actually affect business in the long term is difficult to know. Shares of Lockheed fell sharply after the president tweeted in December that the cost of its F-35 fighter jets was "out of control," then fell again after he complained about the military contractor at a news conference the next month. The stock quickly recovered both times. © Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. Click Here to comment on this article Close  More ways to share... Stumbled LinkedIn Vine Reddit Delicious Newstrust Tell my politician Technocrati Short URL| Email Article| Comment| Contact| Print|     A   A    1Like our page 2Share Share StreetTalk Uber's CEO quit President Donald Trump's business council. Nordstrom stopped selling Ivanka Trump's fashion. Boeing, Lockheed Martin and Toyota, meanwhile, suffered through the discomfort of being on the receiving end of Trump Twitter tirades. Trump, boycott, Uber, Disney 954 Saturday, 04 Feb 2017 08:20 AM 2017-20-04 Around The Web Powered by Newsmax Join the Newsmax Community Register To Comment Login To Comment Please review Community Guidelines before posting a comment. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. blog comments powered by Disqus   Free Newsmax E-Alerts Email: Country: Zip Code: Privacy: We never share your email.   Mortgage Rates Get Today's Low Rates Widget Request a mortgage or refinance Powered by Take A Look At This Recommended by Newsmax Most Commented Apple, Google, Uber Join Fight Against Trump Travel Ban Monday, 06 Feb 2017 | 154 comments BOYCOTT THESE COMPANIES.... WSJ: US Companies Still Flock to Mexico Despite Trump Outrage Thursday, 09 Feb 2017 | 24 comments It makes good sense to move manufacturing to Mexico if you plan to sell... Kudlow: Trump Ban Isn't About Muslims or Business, 'It's About Terrorists' Wednesday, 08 Feb 2017 | 23 comments Actually, the travel restrictions are about keeping America SAFE!... Deutsche Bank: Trump Poised to Name China a 'Currency Manipulator' Wednesday, 08 Feb 2017 | 22 comments This is a free and competitive market and no one forces you to buy. Read... Gallup: Economic Confidence Index Hit New High as Trump Took Office Wednesday, 08 Feb 2017 | 17 comments We finally got a good business man as president that actually cares about...       To view this video please enable JavaScript, and consider upgrading to a web browser that supports HTML5 video Home   Street Talk   Personal Finance   Economy   Companies   Markets   Investing & Analysis   Insiders   Money Wire   Newsletters Newsmax, Moneynews, Newsmax Health, and Independent. American. are registered trademarks of Newsmax Media, Inc. Newsmax TV, and Newsmax World are trademarks of Newsmax Media, Inc. NEWSMAX.COM MONEYNEWS.COM © Newsmax Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved Contact | Advertise | Shop | RSS | Archives | Links | Privacy Policy | Terms & Conditions
Classifieds| Real Estate| Jobs| Autos| Public Notices| Special Sections| Circulars News and weather for: [change] Business Saturday, Feb. 11, 2017    Last update: 3:57 a.m. News| The Point| Business| Next| Sports| Outdoors| Homestead| Food| Events| Opinion| Obituaries| Blogs News from your community: State | Aroostook | Augusta | Bangor | Down East | Hancock | Lewiston-Auburn | Mid-Maine | Midcoast | Penobscot | Piscataquis | Portland Banks, jobs data send Wall Street higher Print Email Share Tweet Kai Pfaffenbach | REUTERS A TV screen showing U.S. President-elect Donald Trump is pictured in front of the German share price index. By Chuck Mikolajczak, Reuters Posted Feb. 04, 2017, at 7:27 a.m. NEW YORK — U.S. stocks climbed on Friday, with the S&P 500 closing just short of a record high, boosted by gains in financial shares as President Donald Trump moved ahead with deregulation action and by a strong payrolls report. The S&P financial sector jumped 2 percent to score its best day since mid-November after Trump signed an executive order to scale back regulations in the industry that were implemented in the wake of the financial crisis, including the Dodd-Frank law. JP Morgan Chase shares closed up 3.1 percent at $87.18 as the biggest boost to the S&P 500 and helped push the S&P bank index up 2.6 percent. The U.S. public and private sectors created 227,000 jobs last month, according to the Labor Department, far more than the 175,000 economists had expected. The unemployment rate ticked up to 4.8 percent while average hourly wages grew only 0.1 percent, which is likely to keep the Federal Reserve on a gradual path to raise U.S. interest rates. “The key to the payroll number was wage growth; that takes March off the calendar (for a rate hike), that is the notion there,” said Stephen Massocca, Chief Investment Officer, Wedbush Equity Management LLC in San Francisco. “The Dodd-Frank think wasn’t unexpected, but it happened and it is clear the direction (Trump) is moving in and that added to it.” The financial sector has rocketed up more than 18 percent since the Nov. 8 election while the bank sector has surged more than 25 percent on expectations Trump would scale back regulations. The Dow Jones Industrial Average rose 186.55 points, or 0.94 percent, to close at 20,071.46, the S&P 500 gained 16.57 points, or 0.73 percent, to 2,297.42 and the Nasdaq Composite added 30.57 points, or 0.54 percent, to 5,666.77. Friday’s gains helped the indexes recoup most, if not all, of the losses from earlier in the week. The S&P and Nasdaq each gained 0.1 percent while the Dow shed 0.1 percent. Amazon.com fell 3.5 percent to $810.20 after the world’s largest online retailer forecast a surprise dip in operating profit for the current quarter. The stock pulled the S&P 500 consumer discretionary index down 0.1 percent as the only major S&P sector in negative territory for the session. Macy’s jumped gained 6.4 percent to $32.69 following a takeover approach from Canada’s Hudson’s Bay. Advancing issues outnumbered declining ones on the NYSE by a 3.78-to-1 ratio; on Nasdaq, a 2.82-to-1 ratio favored advancers. The S&P 500 posted 27 new 52-week highs and six new lows; the Nasdaq Composite recorded 138 new highs and 25 new lows. About 6.45 billion shares changed hands in U.S. exchanges, compared with the 6.71 billion daily average over the last 20 sessions.   SEE COMMENTS → Previous story:« Restaurant owners, workers organizing in Bangor, Portland against wage increase Next story:This young Mainer’s video game passion earned him a college scholarship » News Blogs Living Sports Opinion Maine man lasts 87 days, wins $500K on History Channel survival show ‘Alone’ LL Bean offers employee buyouts, ends contributions to company pension plan More snow for Maine Saturday; major nor’easter to start the week Names of two people who died in Palmyra fire released House guest with extensive criminal history accused of stabbing host with steak knife A primer of Education Secretary Betsy DeVos The state of the State of the State? Insufficient. LePage is finally saying the right things about opiate addiction treatment Saturday, Feb. 11, 2017: Collins plays games with DeVos votes, UMaine Machias an asset, improve services for disabled King Donald LePage no fan of Patriots, but Maine mayors invite Super Bowl champs to the state Husson senior facilitates team success while quietly ascending career lists Peach has memorable Seniors Night for Dexter UMaine cruises to basketball victory over UMass Lowell UMass Lowell men’s basketball team rolls past UMaine PINE TREE WEATHER More snow for Maine Saturday; major nor’easter to start the week CHECK IN WITH CHARLIE Two snowstorms set for Maine this weekend BENNETT THERE DONE THAT Just shovel your sidewalk. Do it. STATE & CAPITOL How Troy Jackson’s son thinks progressives can try to draft his father for governor RECOVERY ROCKS The truth about Naloxone Maine man lasts 87 days, wins $500K on History Channel survival show ‘Alone’ Scenes from an Italian restaurant: How one classic Maine eatery thrives in changing times Solar array adds to the sustainable future of a historically progressive family farm in Maine Maine man reacts to winning $500K on History Channel survival show How to DIY paint your Kitchen Aid stand mixer Blogs Be a BDN blogger | Browse BDN blogs INNsights Innkeepers Guide to a Vegan Valentine Innkeepers Guide to a Vegan Valentine The Day Job What Only You Can Do What Only You Can Do What's Brewing in Maine Eat this, drink that for Super Bowl LI: cake and beer Eat this, drink that for Super Bowl LI: cake and beer Top Stories Maine man reacts to winning $500K on History Channel survival show Bangor leaders to discuss new options for relocating city bus depot Two snowstorms set for Maine this weekend Two shot by police in Vassalboro incident Maine hospice worker makes surprise offer to help woman in need of kidney Similar Articles 9.14.2011 Tax policy feeds gap between rich, poor 11.21.2016 Scramble underway to assess impact of President-elect Trump’s global business empire 9.20.2016 Trump used $258,000 from his charity to settle legal problems 10.10.2016 A dark debate: Trump and Clinton spend 90 minutes on the attack 10.24.2011 Five myths about Dodd-Frank More in Business   Sears could close more stores, cut jobs in effort to cut $1 billion in 2017   Amazon warns that trade protectionism could hurt business   Bangor leaders to discuss new options for relocating city bus depot   LePage urges Maine utility regulators to resign over solar decision   Maine lawmakers eye new protections for electricity customers Bangor Daily News Archives News Business Sports Outdoors Homestead TV Listings Obituaries Things to Do Custom Publications Weather Storm Cancellations About Us BDN History BDN 120 Years Contact Us Purchase Photos Newspapers in Education Terms of Service Privacy Policy Subscribe Subscribe to the BDN Create BDN Maine Account Manage Your Account Newsletter Sign-up RSS Sales and Marketing Online Advertising and Digital Marketing Solutions Online Advertising Staff Directory Print Advertising Print Advertising Staff Directory Classifieds Custom Publications and The Weekly Creative Services-Guide to Sending Files BDN Maine Events on Facebook On Facebook The Bangor Daily News Midcoast Portland Aroostook Downeast Hancock Katahdin and Lincoln Lakes Region Food Outdoors Maine Families BDN Blogs Editorial and Opinion Maine Sports High School Sports On Twitter @bangordailynews @bdnpolitics @bdnmaineblogs @bdnmainefocus
EPR Retail News Main menu Skip to content Home About FAQs Contact Us Editorial Staff Legal Submit Retail News Retail Press Release Distribution Publish unlimited for $99/mo Publish once for $59 Exclusivity (Publish for free) Advertise Reports Social Twitter Facebook Google+ VIP Search for: February 03, 2017 Kimco Realty Corp. closed on a new $2.25 billion unsecured revolving credit facility with 19 lending institutions by Retail News Editor Share on Facebook Share 0 Share on TwitterTweet 1 Share on Google Plus Share 1 Share on Pinterest Share 0 Share on LinkedIn Share 0 Send email Mail 2 Total Shares NEW HYDE PARK, N.Y., 2017-Feb-03 — /EPR Retail News/ — Kimco Realty Corp. (NYSE:KIM), one of North America’s largest publicly traded owner and operator of open air shopping centers, announced that it has closed on a new $2.25 billion unsecured revolving credit facility with commitments from 19 lending institutions, replacing the company’s existing $1.75 billion unsecured credit facility. The new facility is scheduled to mature on March 17, 2021 (or March 17, 2022 if Kimco exercises two six-month options to extend the maturity date). Interest on borrowings accrues at an annual rate of LIBOR plus 87.5 basis points. In addition, the facility includes a $500 million sub-limit which provides the company the opportunity to borrow in alternative currencies including Canadian dollars, British pounds sterling, Japanese yen or euros. “The strength of Kimco’s balance sheet continues to be demonstrated by the company’s ability to access capital at highly competitive terms,” said Glenn G. Cohen, Kimco executive vice president, CFO and treasurer. This new credit facility will provide the financial flexibility and liquidity necessary to pursue our 2020 Vision over the next several years. We are grateful to our bank group and the valuable role they play in helping us achieve these goals.” JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, PNC Capital Markets LLC and RBC Capital Markets served as Joint Bookrunners, JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. served as Administrative Agent, and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, PNC Capital Markets LLC, RBC Capital Markets, The Bank of Nova Scotia, Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner & Smith Incorporated, Citigroup Global Markets Inc., Mizuho Bank, Ltd., Regions Capital Markets, U.S. Bank National Association, Barclays Bank PLC and Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. served as Joint Lead Arrangers. ABOUT KIMCO Kimco Realty Corp. (NYSE:KIM) is a real estate investment trust (REIT) headquartered in New Hyde Park, N.Y., that is North America’s largest publicly traded owner and operator of open-air shopping centers. As of September 30, 2016, the company owned interests in 534 U.S. shopping centers comprising 86 million square feet of leasable space across 35 states and Puerto Rico. Publicly traded on the NYSE since 1991, and included in the S&P 500 Index, the company has specialized in shopping center acquisitions, development and management for more than 50 years. For further information, please visit www.kimcorealty.com, the company’s blog at blog.kimcorealty.com, or follow Kimco on Twitter at www.twitter.com/kimcorealty. Contact: David F. Bujnicki 1-866-831-4297 Senior Vice President Investor Relations and Strategy dbujnicki@kimcorealty.com Source: Kimco Realty Corporation 10,286 total views, 2 views today Sponsored content Matched content This entry was posted in Business, Financial, Management, Retail, Retailer and tagged 19 lending institutions, Glenn G. Cohen, Kimco Realty Corp., new $2.25 billion unsecured revolving credit facility. Bookmark the permalink. Post navigation ← Previous Next → Follow @eprretailnews SUBMIT RETAIL NEWS February 2017 M T W T F S S « Jan       1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28   Ads Editor’s pick Preply, plateforme d’amélioration continue pour le tutorat et les études en ligne, arrive en France (external link) iSaveWeb Lite – Make Copies of Your Favorite Websites (external link) UnlimitedHand Haptic Game Controller: finalist of Wearable Technologies Innovation World Cup, joins Arduino AtHeart and Amazon LaunchPad to reach hackers worldwide (external link) Large Japanese property corporation entered the Australian & NZ serviced Apartments/accommodation Industry (external link) “Smart” concept for cover planting wins Farming by Satellite Prize (external link) L’équipe française remporte le prix paneuropéen Farming by Satellite (external link) CityJet Cabin Crew Recruitment Day in Brussels, Belgium (external link) SENA LANCE UNE APPLICATION POUR SMARTPHONE INNOVANTE POUR CONNECTER LES MOTARDS DU MONDE ENTIER (external link) SENA FÜHRT WEGWEISENDE SMARTPHONE-APP FÜR DIE VERBINDUNG VON FAHRERN WELTWEIT EIN (external link) SENA LAUNCHES GROUNDBREAKING SMARTPHONE APP TO CONNECT RIDERS WORLDWIDE (external link) Cabin Crew Recruitment Days taking place in Brussels, Belgium (external link) Gudny Aspaas Returns with a New Album (external link) Unique patent-pending “Body Camera” as a PTT Microphone: X-Surveillance DS300 (external link) New York’s Health Agency (NYSDOH) Cited in Iraq War’s Blowback (external link) Model at the age of 90 – Genia Galberstadt (external link) Vivier Chief Executive, Luigi Wewege Announces New Book: The Digital Banking Revolution (external link) Startup Founders: Are You Ready To Accelerate Your Business? (external link) NET-DYN Awarded Top Rated Status on Major E-commerce Platform Amazon (external link) ABBYY Launches an Open API for Its Trademark Lingvo Dictionaries (external link) DAN GRACE JOINS SKILLSTORM AS EVP, OPERATIONAL SERVICES (external link) Soldi troppo in nero: una compagnia Europea paga a gli guerriglieri (external link) L’argent trop «noir»: Une société européenne paye aux rebelles (external link) The Rose receives 2016 Jack Kemp Excellence in Affordable and Workforce Housing Award from the Urban Land Institute (external link) TS EMEA Takes "A Bridge to the Future" at the 29th World LPG Forum (external link) VidCon Europe Launches in Amsterdam, Announces Featured Creators (external link) Startup mentored by Promwad created one of the best IoT products in Europe (external link) Petroleum Engineer Launched Book of Short Stories endorsed by Reader’s Favorite (external link) Baton Rouge Based Roof Crafters Launches New CRM Software For Clients (external link) Real Estate Lead Partner Moves Headquarters To Nashville TN (external link) SYSTECH PARTNERS WITH SHARP PACKAGING & AUTAJON GROUP AT CPhI (external link) Zandre Campos Recipient Of Distinguished Business Excellence Award (external link) SYSTECH AND SERVICEPOINT PARTNER TO DELIVER SERIALIZATION AND TRACK & TRACE SOLUTIONS TO PHARMACEUTICAL INDUSTRY IN EUROPE (external link) Sonatype and CloudBees Launch DevOps Express Initiative (external link) Sonatype Announces Nexus Repository Pro with High Availability and Software Component Analysis Built-in (external link) La Via della Seta su Binari: I Treni Blocco Cina-Europa (external link) Silk Road on Rails: The China-Europe Block Trains (external link) UAVtechnics unveils FLIR drone with dual thermal RGB camera (external link) Z3 Technology Introduces the Z3Cam-4K H.265 IP Camera with Integrated Auto Focus Zoom (external link) 1.5 Minute ConcussionTest “Sway” Issued CE Mark In EU as Medical Device (external link) Edo’s giant Lego­like blocks now on Kickstarter (external link) SENA PRÄSENTIERT REVOLUTIONÄREN SMART-FAHRRADHELM AUF DER EUROBIKE 2016 (external link) SENA PRESENTA ALLA FIERA EUROBIKE 2016 IL RIVOLUZIONARIO CASCO SMART PER IL CICLISMO (external link) SENA DESVELA EL REVOLUCIONARIO CASCO INTELIGENTE PARA CICLISTAS EN EUROBIKE 2016 (external link) SENA UNVEILS REVOLUTIONARY SMART CYCLING HELMET AT EUROBIKE 2016 (external link) Categories Apparel (1,603) Art (215) Asset Inventory (143) Auctions (25) Automotive (130) Awards (714) Baby Products (105) Beauty (611) Books (145) Business (8,072) Children (533) Consumer Goods (1,456) Consumer Information (842) Consumer Services (774) Convenience Stores (281) Cosmetics (198) Coupons (215) Discounts (524) E-Commerce (985) Electronics (560) Entertainment (399) Environment (359) Equipment (211) Fashion (1,321) Financial (1,916) Food & Beverage (2,314) Fragrances (102) Furniture (172) Games (94) Gifts (760) Grocery (2,224) Healthcare (771) Home & Garden (425) Home Decor (544) Human Resources (394) Jewelry (223) Kiosks (23) Law (214) Loss Prevention (22) Malls (334) Management (8,669) Marketing (3,884) Merchant Services (126) Mobile (182) Mobile Point of Sale (21) Mystery Shopping (2) Online Retailers (1,539) Online Shopping (1,381) Outlet (350) Overstock (1) Pet Products (126) Philanthropy (878) Point of Purchase Displays (40) PR (812) Restaurants (436) Retail (12,986) Retail Clubs (27) Retail Design (142) Retail Services (547) Retail Software (352) Retail Solutions (285) Retail Trade Consulting (56) Retailer (12,011) Safety Products (79) Savings (266) Shopping (835) Shops (924) SPA Products (18) Sports (318) Store Fixtures (115) Supply Chain (47) Technology (816) Toys (180) Trade-in (39) Transportation & Logistics (47) Travel (33) Uncategorized (40) Vending (17) Recent PRs Al Meera opens its newest branch in Umm Salal Ali February 11, 2017 Cold Stone Creamery® launches Grab and Go product line in Chile February 11, 2017 ShopRite of Hunterdon County President Joseph S. Colalillo recognized by Food Marketing Institute February 11, 2017 Sears Holdings Corporation announces improvement in 4Q 2016 operating performance February 11, 2017 Elaine Rubin elected to Smart & Final Stores’ board of directors February 11, 2017 Angela Wimmer ist neue Coop-Mediensprecherin February 11, 2017 MIGROS: WETTBEWERB FÜR OSTSCHWEIZER GENERATIONENPROJEKTE February 11, 2017 MIGROS LANCIERT DEN KOCHCLUB MIGUSTO February 11, 2017 Nordstrom to host 4Q 2016 financial results conference call on Thursday, February 23, 2017 February 11, 2017 Nordstrom launches Spring 2017 campaign February 11, 2017 Starbucks launches “用星说” (Say it with Starbucks) social gifting feature on Weixin, in China February 11, 2017 Carrefour to sell eggs produced by Granja Virgen del Rosario on sustainable farms in Aragon, Spain February 11, 2017 Amazon.com, Inc. announces two new fulfillment centers in Eastvale and Redlands, California; will create more than 2,000 new jobs February 11, 2017 Le 1947 headed by chef Yannick Alléno becomes the only restaurant in Courchevel with three Michelin stars February 11, 2017 Maxima Grupė announces management changes February 11, 2017 NRF and Hackett Associates Global Port Tracker report: Imports expected to increase 4.6 percent during the first half of 2017 February 11, 2017 Lechler GmbH migrates to the current version of Intershop Commerce Suite February 11, 2017 Whole Foods Market signs leases for new 365 by Whole Foods Market™ stores in Brooklyn, New York, and Oakland, California February 11, 2017 SUPERVALU Foundation donates $1 million to nonprofits for hunger and food-related relief efforts across the country February 11, 2017 J. C. Penney Company, Inc. to release its fourth quarter and full year 2016 financial results on February 24, 2017 February 10, 2017 Archives February 2017 (240) January 2017 (457) December 2016 (412) November 2016 (666) October 2016 (633) September 2016 (693) August 2016 (589) July 2016 (508) June 2016 (344) May 2016 (366) April 2016 (341) March 2016 (317) February 2016 (308) January 2016 (331) December 2015 (423) November 2015 (496) October 2015 (544) September 2015 (491) August 2015 (285) July 2015 (219) June 2015 (182) May 2015 (146) April 2015 (195) March 2015 (219) February 2015 (164) January 2015 (170) December 2014 (156) November 2014 (182) October 2014 (208) September 2014 (222) August 2014 (158) July 2014 (166) June 2014 (179) May 2014 (159) April 2014 (191) March 2014 (184) February 2014 (187) January 2014 (125) December 2013 (2) November 2013 (1) October 2013 (2) September 2013 (2) August 2013 (3) July 2013 (4) June 2013 (6) May 2013 (8) April 2013 (6) March 2013 (6) February 2013 (14) January 2013 (12) December 2012 (16) November 2012 (18) October 2012 (21) September 2012 (11) August 2012 (9) July 2012 (7) June 2012 (12) May 2012 (29) April 2012 (34) March 2012 (36) February 2012 (35) January 2012 (25) December 2011 (35) November 2011 (52) October 2011 (47) September 2011 (35) August 2011 (43) July 2011 (41) June 2011 (33) May 2011 (26) April 2011 (40) March 2011 (36) February 2011 (24) January 2011 (17) December 2010 (33) November 2010 (30) October 2010 (31) September 2010 (41) August 2010 (28) July 2010 (36) June 2010 (40) May 2010 (32) April 2010 (29) March 2010 (33) February 2010 (29) January 2010 (21) December 2009 (31) November 2009 (37) October 2009 (26) September 2009 (21) August 2009 (16) July 2009 (14) June 2009 (17) May 2009 (14) April 2009 (11) March 2009 (12) February 2009 (15) January 2009 (10) December 2008 (23) November 2008 (25) October 2008 (34) September 2008 (24) August 2008 (12) Blogroll Amazon.com Comparison Shopping Blog Consumerist Cooper’s Retail Blog Delight Discount Store News Display & Design Ideas EPR Food & Beverage News EPR Retail News @ Feedburner EPR Retail News @ MyBlogLog EPR Retail News @ Technorati European Retail News and Press Releases Free Retail Press Releases Heads-O-R(e)tail JCPenney Kmart L.L. Bean Labelscar: The Retail History Blog Macy’s Merchants News Mighty Goods Shopping Blog Morning News Beat News on Retail Oleg Lazarov Overstock.com Point of Purchase Magazine Real Time Retail Press Release Distribution Retail Contrarian Retail News – Topix Retail Store Blog Retail Systems Retail Technology Blog Retail Week Retail-Blog Retailer News Retailers.com RetailSource RetailWire RT Magazine Sam’s Club Sears, Roebuck and Co. ShoppingBlog.com Stores.org Strange New Products Stylehive Supermarket News Target US Tesco The Curious Shopper Uncrate Wal-Mart WorldWide Retail Exchange © 2008 - 2017 EPR Retail News All Rights Reserved. All trade marks and names are owned by their respective owners. This retail newswire service is a spin-off of, and brought to you by EPR Network LLC. EPR Network LLC. is part of EuropaWireLtd. Terms of Service | Disclaimer | Privacy | Takedown | Copyright | DMCA | RSS | Google+ Powered by WP & theme by Citizen Journal
Saturday February 11 2017 2:05 am     Home   Local News   State / National / World   Sports   Opinion / Letters   Business   Arts / Entertainment   Lifestyle   Obituaries   Calendar   Submit Event   Comics / Games   Classifieds   DJ Designers   Archives   Advertise With Us   About Us   GET THE DAY'S TOP HEADLINES DELIVERED DAILY TO YOUR INBOX FOR FREE Sign up here     Read Archive PDFs: 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 30 31 2017 2016 2015 2014 2013 2012 2011 2010 2009 2008 2007 2006 2005 2004 2003 2002 2001 2000     Stock surge as investors hope for regulation cuts February 04, 2017, 05:00 AM By Marley Jay The Associated NEW YORK — Banks and other financial companies made big gains Friday after President Donald Trump moved to scale back regulations on the financial industry. Other stocks also rose as investors were also pleased that employers hired workers at a faster pace in January. Financial stocks made their biggest gains since shortly after the presidential election as Trump took his first steps to reduce regulations, which could boost profits for investment firms. The Labor Department said hiring sped up last month, a positive sign for the economy. Small-company stocks, which stand to benefit more than others from stronger economic growth, make sharp gains. Financial companies have made huge gains since Trump’s election, and his pledge to cut laws and rules that govern the industry is a major reason. “They’re going to benefit from not having all of this onerous red tape,” said Karyn Cavanaugh of Voya Investment Strategies. “That’s why we see the rallies every time they talk about regulation.” Cavanaugh said a reduction in regulations could also help banks lend more and speed up economic growth, which could benefit many other industries. The Dow Jones industrial average jumped 186.55 points, or 0.9 percent, to 20,071.46. The Standard & Poor’s 500 index advanced 16.57 points, or 0.7 percent, to 2,297.42. The Nasdaq composite picked up 30.57 points, or 0.5 percent, to close at a record high of 5,666.77. The Russell 2000 index of smaller-company stocks climbed 20.41 points, or 1.5 percent, to 1,377.84. Smaller, domestically-focused companies may have more to gain than their larger peers from faster growth in the U.S. The Russell made big gains at the end of 2016 based on those hopes. On Friday Trump directed the Treasury Secretary to look for potential changes to the Dodd-Frank law, which reshaped financial regulations after the 2008-09 financial crisis. The order does not have any immediate impact, but investors applauded its intent. Trump also signed a memorandum that delayed an Obama-era rule that requires financial professionals who charge commissions to put their clients’ interests first when giving advice on retirement investments. JPMorgan Chase added $2.59, or 3.1 percent, to $87.18 and Goldman Sachs rose $10.54, or 4.6 percent, to $240.95. Morgan Stanley gained $2.30, or 5.5 percent, to $44.43. Smaller banks, which could find it easier to lend money if regulations are cut, also traded higher. Texas Capital Bancshares picked up $2.85, or 3.4 percent, to $86.10 and East West Bancorp rose $2.26, or 4.5 percent, to $52.72. U.S. employers added 227,000 jobs in January, according to the Labor Department. That’s more than last year’s average monthly gain of 187,000. The unemployment rate ticked up to a low 4.8 percent from 4.7 percent in December as more people started looking for work. That helped smaller companies and industrial stocks, both of which would benefit from faster economic growth. Visa said shoppers stepped up their use of debit and credit cards in the latest quarter, and the payment processing company also benefited from its acquisition of Visa Europe. Its profit and revenue were stronger than analysts expected, and Visa’s stock jumped $3.78, or 4.6 percent, to $86.08. Online retail giant Amazon traded lower as investors grew concerned about its sales. The company’s fourth-quarter sales fell short of analyst estimates, and so did its forecast for revenue in the current quarter. The stock gave up $29.75, or 3.5 percent, to $810.20. Macy’s stock soared after the Wall Street Journal reported that Hudson’s Bay Co., the owner of Saks Fifth Avenue, could buy the department store chain. The companies declined to comment. Macy’s jumped $1.97, or 6.4 percent, to $32.69. The stock has been trading around five-year lows. Hudson’s Bay stock rose almost 4 percent in Toronto. Biotech drugmaker Amgen disclosed a bigger profit and better sales than analysts had expected. It also reported results from a study that showed its new cholesterol drug Repatha reduced the risk of death, heart attack and stroke in patients with advanced atherosclerotic cardiovascular disease. That could help boost prescriptions for the drug. Amgen jumped $7.95, or 5 percent, to $167.53. Underwear, t-shirt and sock maker Hanesbrands announced surprisingly weak holiday sales and gave disappointing projections for the year. Its stock slumped $3.73, or 16.4 percent, to $18.98, its lowest price in almost three years. Bond prices wobbled, then turned higher. The yield on the 10-year Treasury note fell to 2.47 percent from 2.48 percent. Benchmark U.S. crude added 29 cents to $53.83 a barrel in New York. Brent crude, used to price international oils, added 25 cents to $56.81 a barrel in London. Gold inched up $1.40 to $1,220.80 an ounce. Silver added 5 cents to $17.48 an ounce. Copper lost 7 cents, or 2.6 percent, to $2.62 a pound. In other energy trading, wholesale gasoline rose 2 cents to $1.55 a gallon. Heating oil picked up 1 cent to $1.67 a gallon. Natural gas dropped 12 cents, or 3.9 percent, to $3.06 per 1,000 cubic feet. The dollar rose to 112.96 yen from 112.70 yen. The euro inched up to $1.0765 from $1.0764. France’s CAC 40 jumped 0.6 percent. The British FTSE 100 rose 0.7 percent while Germany’s DAX added 0.2 percent. The Nikkei 225 in Tokyo finish almost unchanged and Seoul’s Kospi added 0.1 percent. The Hang Seng in Hong Kong shed 0.2 percent. ——— AP Markets Writer Marley Jay can be reached at http://twitter.com/MarleyJayAP His work can be found at http://bigstory.ap.org/journalist/marley-jay     Tags: percent, financial, added, cents, could, stock, Other stories from today: Stock surge as investors hope for regulation cuts McDonald’s rolls out new Chocolate Shamrock Shake Trump inherits healthy job market, with solid hiring     Print this Page  |  << Back   Return To Archives            Daily Journal Quick Poll   What do you think of Gov. Jerry Brown's job performance? Strongly approve Approve Neutral Disapprove Strongly disapprove           White House seeks to regroup after stinging legal defeat WASHINGTON — Seeking to regroup after a stinging legal defeat, President Donald Trump said Friday .. Sacrificing California spillway may avoid emergency releases OROVILLE — California may avoid emergency releases from a rain-choked reservoir by further sacrifi.. More >>                 Our User Agreement Our Privacy Policy Home Local News State / National / World Sports Opinion / Letters Business Arts / Entertainment Lifestyle Obituaries Calendar Submit Event Newsletter Signup Comics / Games Classifieds DJ Designers Archives Advertise With Us Contact Us About Us SiteMap ©2017 San Mateo Daily Journal San Mateo County DBA  
Close Trump orders review of Dodd-Frank financial regulations - SentinelSource.com: National And World Advanced Search 16° Overcast SentinelSource.com News Local Local Crime Reports Obituaries Environment National & World Religion Special Reports Photos e-Edition Business Top Story Man's death in Stoddard investigated as a homicide STODDARD — Police and the N.H. Attorney General’s Office are investigating a man’s death in Stoddard as a homicide. Updated: Yesterday rss More headlines Monadnock United Way ramping up campaign as deadline nears Keene road survey recommends increased funds for repairs New plan proposed to expand Stoddard's elementary school Storm leads to area crashes; more snow could be on the way Peterborough's 102-year-old movie theater for sale The Keene Sentinel e-Edition Sports Local Sports News Schedules Contests Submit a Score Top Story Franklin Pierce to host Boston sports media personalities for Open House New England Patriots play-by-play announcer Bob Socci and ”Hardy” from CBS Boston’s “Zolak and Bertrand Show” will help host a panel during Op… posted: February 10 rss More headlines Red Sox to play exhibition at Naval Academy Two more Patriots say they will not visit White House Franklin Pierce to host Boston sports media personalities for Open House Bob Costas steps down from NBC's Olympic hosting duties after 24 years Community Community News Weddings & Engagements Births Anniversaries Community Calendar Top Story Community News, Feb. 5, 2017 ‘Flirt with Dessert’ set in Peterborough posted: February 05 Community News School News, Feb. 5, 2017 Ebbighausen/Rashed engagement Community News, Feb. 4, 2017 Larkin/Smith wedding Community news Jan. 29 Entertainment Entertainment News Games Calendar Local TV Listings Dear Abby Top Story 'LEGO Batman Movie' pulls out all the stops I f you asked Batman what he thinks about spending his nights alone in the Bat Cave, eating microwaved lobster thermidor and watching “Jerry M… posted: February 10 rss More headlines Chance the Rapper, Sturgill Simpson, others added to Grammy Awards performance lineup Five acrobats of famed Wallenda troupe injured falling 25 feet Spreading the love makes Valentine's Day a delight Horoscope Celebrity birthdays, Feb. 10, 2017 Life & Style Food Travel & Leisure Home and Garden Lifestyles Pets Books Health & Fitness Parenting Top Story In Brief Nutrition counselor to discuss ways to avoid sugar posted: February 08 rss More headlines Trying to solve the Alzheimer's puzzle We're having the wrong argument about GMOs Breakthrough could cure jet lag forever A breakfast-for-dinner that rises to the occasion You know the weather is bad when you find a moose in your basement Top Story Submission Guidelines to the Public Muse Local writers are encouraged to submit short pieces of their best verse to Susan Quatrain, judge of The Public Muse, in care of The Keene Sent… posted: September 25 CONFUSION by Lee F. Johnson of Swanzey, NH The stars are slow coming out tonite posted: September 25 THE JOURNEY by Lee F. Johnson of Swanzey, NH Many a path have I taken in this life posted: September 25 Opinion Editorial Letters to the Editor Columnists Cartoons Editorial When it comes to shooting guns, safety should always be the aim Although no one has thus far been willing to say definitively the bullet that pierced a mobile home in Sullivan last month was fired from a Ke… Updated: Yesterday rss Columnists What's wrong with Trump family behavior A so-called court ruling by a real judge 'Guns for everyone' includes the mentally incompetent Warren didn’t violate Senate rules rss Letters to the editor What's wrong with Trump family behavior A so-called court ruling by a real judge 'Guns for everyone' includes the mentally incompetent Warren didn’t violate Senate rules Congress can and should obtain Trump's tax returns Trump’s assault on high tech an economic fail How do we keep guns away from ‘bad guys?’ Trump's moral blind spot Advertise Advertise With Us Online Rate Card Online Rate Card The Keene Sentinel Rate Card Rate Card More Site help About Us Contact Us Parent express Mobile Rss Register Account lookup Send to The Sentinel Classifieds Place Classified Ad Merchandise Yard Sales Autos Homes Jobs (on kscareerfinder.com) Jobs Jobs Place your ad now! Services Services Cleaning Services (1) Lessons & Classes (1) - Private Instruction & Tutoring (1) Home Repair & Maintenance (3) - Construction & Remodeling (1) - Painting & Staining Services (2) Lawn & Garden Services (3) - Snow Removal (2) Other Services (2) Place your ad now! Real Estate for Sale or Rent Real Estate For Sale Or Rent Other (2) Property For Rent (32) - Apartments for Rent (27) - Commercial & Office Space for Rent (4) - Condos & Townhouses for Rent (1) Real Estate (2) - Single-Family Houses (1) - Land for Sale (1) Place your ad now! Pets Pets Other Pets (2) Place your ad now! Property For Rent Property For Rent Apartments for Rent (27) Commercial & Office Space for Rent (4) - Retail Property for rent (4) Condos & Townhouses for Rent (1) Place your ad now! Auctions, Estate & Garage Sales Auctions, Estate & Garage Sales Place your ad now! Cars & Vehicles Cars & Vehicles Cars (4) - Trucks (1) Heavy Equipment Vehicles (1) Vehicle Parts, Accessories & Storage (1) - Car & Truck Parts & Accessories (1) RVs & Motor Homes (1) Trailers (1) Place your ad now! Community Community Announcements (3) - Celebrations (1) - Legal Announcements (2) Place your ad now! Subscribe Home News National and World Trump orders review of Dodd-Frank financial regulations Story Comments Print Create a hardcopy of this page Font Size: Default font size Larger font size Posted: Saturday, February 4, 2017 6:00 am | Updated: 10:16 pm, Fri Feb 10, 2017. Trump orders review of Dodd-Frank financial regulations By Jim Puzzanghera and Michael A. Memoli Tribune Washington Bureau SentinelSource.com WASHINGTON — President Donald Trump took aim at financial regulations Friday, ordering a review of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street reform law that could lead to major changes and suspending a conflict-of-interest rule for retirement advisers before it goes into effect this spring. Trump targeted major initiatives of the Obama administration that Republicans have strongly opposed. In meetings with business leaders since taking office, Trump has heard consistent complaints about federal regulations, according to a senior administration official who spoke to reporters on the condition of anonymity in advance of the president’s announcement. At a White House meeting with top corporate chief executives, including Jamie Dimon of JPMorgan Chase & Co., Trump said Friday that major reductions in financial regulations were coming. “There’s nobody better to tell me about Dodd-Frank than Jamie,” Trump said before the meeting began. He added that “we expect to be cutting a lot out of Dodd-Frank because frankly, I have so many people, friends of mine that had nice businesses, they can’t borrow money.” “They just can’t get any money because the banks just won’t let them borrow it because of the rules and regulations in Dodd-Frank,” Trump said. After the CEO meeting, Trump signed an executive order directing the treasury secretary to consult with regulators about what needs to be done to fix the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act and to report back. That report is expected to come within “a relatively short period of time,” the official said. Trump’s nominee for treasury secretary, Steve Mnuchin, has not yet been confirmed by the Senate. He could get a full Senate vote next week. Trump also issued a memo to the Labor Department to cease implementation of the retirement advisers rule and undertake a complete review of it. Trump’s labor secretary nominee, Andy Puzder, has yet to have a confirmation hearing. Congressional Republicans and major financial firms have complained for years about the negative effects of Dodd-Frank. Passed in 2010 in the wake of the financial crisis, the legislation toughened capital requirements for banks and other financial firms, set up a powerful panel of regulators to watch for signs of instability and created the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau to oversee credit cards, mortgages, payday loans and other financial products. Trump has called Dodd-Frank “a very negative force” in the economy and vowed during the campaign to dismantle it. Trump administration officials believe that the law “in many respects was a piece of massive government overreach,” the official said. “Some of the rules may have even been unconstitutional, creating new agencies that don’t actually protect consumers.” That was a clear reference to the consumer bureau, which Republicans have complained has too much power and restricts consumers’ access to credit. The agency has been praised by Democrats and consumer advocates for cracking down on abuses by financial firms. It was a key player in the $185 million settlement that Wells Fargo & Co. agreed to pay last year for the creation of as many as 2 million accounts without customer authorization. Two Republican senators — Mike Lee of Utah and Ben Sasse of Nebraska — have urged Trump to fire the bureau’s director, Richard Cordray. They cited an October federal appeals court ruling that the consumer bureau’s structure is unconstitutional because it gives the director too much power. The agency is appealing the ruling. The new restrictions on retirement advisors were set to start being phased in on April 10. Known as the fiduciary rule, it requires investment brokers who handle retirement funds to put their clients’ interests ahead of other factors, such as their own compensation or company profits. The Labor Department rule was designed to prevent consumers from being steered toward IRAs and other retirement investments with higher fees or lower returns that benefit the advisers recommending or selling them. The Obama administration estimated that those conflicts of interest cost Americans $17 billion a year. But Republicans, business groups and key players in the financial industry opposed it. They said the rule would drive up the cost of investments by forcing asset management firms to spend money on implementation and make it more difficult for average Americans to get retirement advice. (EDITORS: STORY CAN END HERE) “We think this was a complete miss on what they were trying to do,” the senior administration official said. “It has complete unintended consequences.” Congress voted last spring to overturn the rule, but Obama vetoed the measure. When the fiduciary rule was released last year, Barbara Roper, director of investor protection for the Consumer Federation of America, said it would counter a “toxic web of financial incentives” for brokers, insurance agents and anyone else offering retirement investment services that often run counter to the consumer’s best interests. Discuss Print Posted in National and World on Saturday, February 4, 2017 6:00 am. Updated: 10:16 pm. Welcome to the site! Login or Signup below. Login|Signup Not you?|My Dashboard|Register Logout|My Dashboard Latest News Videos Submit your news! Submit your news! We're always interested in hearing about news in our community. Let us know what's going on! Submit news Most Popular Most Popular Stories Keene police search for two women in alleged Applebee's theft (0) Developer aims to open new building at Olive Garden site in Keene next year (0) Crash causes significant damage to Keene home's porch (0) Man's death in Stoddard investigated as a homicide (0) Former Keene High School teacher pleads guilty to misdemeanor (0) Most Popular Photos Most Popular Videos Sections Home News Sports Entertainment Business Opinion Community Life & Style Photos Videos Online Features Weather Services About Us Contact Us Advertise Place an Ad Subscription Services Submit to the Sentinel Site Index Add Search Toolbar Contact us Submit news, events, letters, etc. SentinelSource.com Phone number: 603-352-1234 E-mail: webmaster@keenesentinel.com Address: 60 West Street Keene, NH 03431 Search Search in: All News Sports Entertainment Life & Style News/obituaries Business Opinion Community Photo Galleries Video © Copyright 2017, SentinelSource.com, Keene, NH. Powered by BLOX Content Management System from TownNews.com. [Terms of Use | Privacy Policy] Screen Name or Email Password Forgot? Remember me on this computer Login Screen Name or Email Now I remember! Need an account? Create one now.
Close Trump attacks restrictions on big banks, retirement advisers - Brownsville Herald: Elections Subscribe Herald Alerts | Online Edition | Subscribe Welcome to the site! Login or Signup below. Login|Signup Login|My Dashboard|Register Logout|My Dashboard 72° Broken Clouds Brownsville Herald News Local Valley Texas US & World Business Education SpaceX LNG in the RGV Elections Weather Entertainment El Extra App for Android and iOS The Latest More details released on shooting at range Further details have emerged about the man who fatally shot himself in the head Thursday at a Brownsville shooting range. Posted: February 10 rss Texas News Homeland Security head is pressed to define 'sanctuary city' Winning numbers drawn in 'Triple Chance' game Winning numbers drawn in 'All or Nothing Night' game Winning numbers drawn in 'Daily 4 Night' game Winning numbers drawn in 'Pick 3 Night' game Winning numbers drawn in 'Cash 5' game Sports H.S. Football H.S. Baseball H.S. Basketball H.S. Soccer H.S. Track H.S. Volleyball H.S. Sports Local Sports National Sports RGVSports.com South Texas Outdoors UTRGV Athletic Survey The Latest Green gets rare triple-double as Warriors beat Grizzlies AP Updated MEMPHIS, Tenn. (AP) — Draymond Green's triple-double was like no other in NBA history. Updated: 2:30 am Sports, Nba Basketball, Professional Basketball More From The Latest Mariners constantly in motion with Jerry Dipoto in charge Kings rally from 22 down to beat Hawks 108-107 Detroit Tigers, Red Wings owner Mike Ilitch dies at age 87 Armstrong helps Hanna hold off Rivera Obituaries Life Tu Salud Autism Contests Puzzles Comics Kingdom Texas Lottery Community Community Calendar Business Directory Church Directory Health Directory NIE Opinion Letters to the Editor Editorials Customer Service Subscribe MyBrownsvilleHerald.com Activate Account Start/Stop Delivery Pay Your Bill Complaints Contact Us About Us Home Delivery Legal Notices Classifieds Jobs Autos Homes Service Directory RGV Alerts Careers Don't Miss: MyBrownsvilleHerald.com Community Calendar Celebrating the Port of Brownsville Home News Elections Trump attacks restrictions on big banks, retirement advisers Story Comments Image (4) Print Create a hardcopy of this page Font Size: Default font size Larger font size Previous Next Pablo Martinez Monsivais Trump attacks restrictions on big banks, retirement advisers President Donald Trump holds up an executive order after his signing the order in the Oval Office of the White House in Washington, Friday, Feb. 3, 2017. The executive order that will direct the Treasury secretary to review the 2010 Dodd-Frank financial oversight law, which reshaped financial regulation after 2008-2009 crisis. (AP Photo/Pablo Martinez Monsivais) Pablo Martinez Monsivais Trump attacks restrictions on big banks, retirement advisers President Donald Trump prepares to sign an executive order in the Oval Office of the White House in Washington, Friday, Feb. 3, 2017. Trump signed an executive order that will direct the Treasury secretary to review the 2010 Dodd-Frank financial oversight law, which reshaped financial regulation after 2008-2009 crisis. At left is Vice President Mike Pence. (AP Photo/Pablo Martinez Monsivais) Pablo Martinez Monsivais Trump attacks restrictions on big banks, retirement advisers In this Feb. 2, 2017, photo, President Donald Trump speaks in the Roosevelt Room of the White House in Washington. Trump is taking his first steps aimed at scaling back financial services regulations. The president will sign an executive order Friday that will direct the Treasury secretary to review the 2010 Dodd-Frank financial oversight law, which reshaped financial regulation after the 2008-09 financial crisis. (AP Photo/Pablo Martinez Monsivais) k.vineys Trump attacks restrictions on big banks, retirement advisers Graphic describes White House executive orders as of Feb. 3; 3c x 6 inches; 146 mm x 152 mm; Posted: Saturday, February 4, 2017 2:45 am Trump attacks restrictions on big banks, retirement advisers Associated Press | WASHINGTON (AP) — President Donald Trump has launched his long-promised attack on banking rules that were rushed into law after the nation's economic crisis, signing new orders after meeting with business and investment chiefs and pledging further action to free big banks from restrictions. Wall Street cheered him on, but Trump risks disillusioning his working-class voters. On Friday he directed his Treasury secretary to review the devilishly complex 2010 Dodd-Frank financial oversight law, which was signed by President Barack Obama to overhaul regulations after the financial and housing crisis of the past decade. It aimed to restrain banks' from misdeeds that many blamed for the crisis. The new president also signed a memorandum instructing the Labor Department to delay an Obama-era rule that requires financial professionals who charge commissions to put their clients' best interests first when giving advice on retirement investments. While the order on Dodd-Frank, named after its Democratic sponsors, won't have an immediate impact, Trump's intent is clear. The law has been a disaster in restricting banks' activities, he said earlier this week. "We're going to be doing a big number on Dodd-Frank." During a meeting with business leaders, including JPMorgan Chase CEO Jamie Dimon on Friday, he said, "Frankly I have so many people, friends of mine that have nice businesses that can't borrow money. They just can't get any money because the banks just won't let 'em borrow because of the rules and regulations of Dodd-Frank." Those regulations unnecessarily cramp the U.S. economy and job creation, he declared. But many Democrats see it differently, including Sen. Elizabeth Warren, who was behind the formation of the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau, formed as part of the Dodd-Frank law. "Donald Trump talked a big game about Wall Street during his campaign — but as president, we're finding out whose side he's really on," Warren said in a statement. "The Wall Street bankers and lobbyists whose greed and recklessness nearly destroyed this country may be toasting each other with champagne, but the American people have not forgotten the 2008 financial crisis — and they will not forget what happened today." The crisis touched off the worst recession since the 1930s Great Depression, wiping out $11 trillion in U.S. household wealth and leaving about 8 million Americans jobless. U.S. taxpayers funded multibillion-dollar bailouts of Wall Street mega-banks, smaller banks across the country and other financial firms. Eight years on, the economy's recovery has been halting, a situation that contributed to Trump's election. Beyond being fed up with bailouts, consumers have an interest in the Financial Protection Bureau, which expanded regulators' ability to police a wide array of financial products and services. During his campaign, Trump pledged to repeal and replace the law, but he also railed against Wall Street excess and vowed to hold the industry accountable for the crisis. His rhetoric left questions about how closely he would align with the financial services industries' years-long fight to undo regulations they view as burdensome. Since winning the White House, Trump has cleared up some of those questions. He has filled his administration with millionaires and financiers and signed the orders after meeting with top CEOs and banking executives. In his other action Friday, Trump's presidential memorandum on financial advisers delayed implementation of the past administration's "fiduciary rule," aimed at blocking consultants from steering clients toward investments with higher commissions and fees that can eat away at retirement savings. The rule was to take effect in April. The financial services industry argues that the rule would limit retirees' investment choices by forcing asset managers to steer them to low-risk options. Meanwhile, unwinding most of Dodd-Frank will require legislation, and on Capitol Hill the Republicans' yearning to cut it down is as strong as ever. But tax reform, reworking "Obamacare" and other issues are more immediate priorities, some Republicans suggest. Further, the big Wall Street banks already have baked in many of the Dodd-Frank rules and aren't clamoring to unwind all of them. Aiming lower, in the pre-dawn hours of Friday, Congress passed and sent to Trump for his signature legislation striking down a rule that requires oil and gas companies to disclose payments to the U.S. or foreign governments for commercial development. Critics warn that rolling back the Dodd-Frank regulations would put the economy at risk. "You can blow up the financial system and really crush the American economy. I think that's where they're headed," said Michael S. Barr, a former assistant treasury secretary for financial institutions and a key architect of the law. The Consumer Financial Protection Bureau is a prime target within the law for Republican lawmakers, who have long accused it of overreach. But there are political risks in Trump taking a hatchet to a watchdog agency focused on protecting ordinary consumers against abusive practices by banks, mortgage companies, credit card issuers, payday lenders, debt collectors and others. Over five years, the agency says, it has recovered $11.7 billion that it returned to more than 27 million harmed consumers. "You could expect pushback, that this is about favoring Wall Street over Main Street," said Phillip Swagel, an assistant Treasury secretary for economic policy in the George W. Bush administration. Going after the bureau, Barr said, would likely hurt consumers, "including some of President Trump's strongest supporters." __ Follow Colvin on Twitter at https://twitter.com/colvinj © 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. More about Business Mexico gets Trump's trade ire. Japan and Germany, a pass Smiles, a hug set tone for Trump's meeting with Japan's Abe Smiles, a hug set tone for Trump's meeting with Japan's Abe Smiles, a hug set tone for Trump's meeting with Japan's Abe ARTICLE: Smiles, a hug set tone for Trump's meeting with Japan's Abe More about Government And Politics Mexico gets Trump's trade ire. Japan and Germany, a pass Mexico gets Trump's trade ire. Japan and Germany, a pass Mexico gets Trump's trade ire. Japan and Germany, a pass ARTICLE: Mexico gets Trump's trade ire. Japan and Germany, a pass Protesters meet new education secretary as she visits school More about Consumer Protection And Advocacy ARTICLE: Company accused of scamming 9/11, NFL concussion victims Trump attacks restrictions on big banks, retirement advisers Trump attacks restrictions on big banks, retirement advisers Trump attacks restrictions on big banks, retirement advisers Trump attacks restrictions on big banks, retirement advisers Discuss Print Posted in Elections, Business on Saturday, February 4, 2017 2:45 am. | Tags: Business, Government And Politics, Consumer Protection And Advocacy, Consumer Affairs, Industry Regulation, Government Business And Finance, Government Regulations, Legislation, Legislature, Financial Services, Banking And Credit, Financial Crisis, Financial Markets, Economy, Banking And Credit Regulation, Financial Industry Regulation, Dodd-frank Wall Street Reform And Consumer Protection Act, Laws | Location Tags: United States, North America Custom Search Site Web Follow us on Facebook Today's Edition Online Features Real Estate Exterior home improvements yield high... Brandpoint (BPT) Light solutions: What to do when your... Brandpoint (BPT) 4 bathroom design trends that marry l... Brandpoint (BPT) What you should know about rising int... Brandpoint (BPT) Six factors driving the cost of your ... Brandpoint (BPT) Where to find rebates, tax credits an... Brandpoint (BPT) 4 hot bathroom design trends that don... Brandpoint (BPT) Plumbing the power of a powder room a... Brandpoint (BPT) Where there is a will - and more - th... Brandpoint (BPT) 4 statement pieces to elevate your ba... Brandpoint (BPT) Pet Central Having a pet is a lot of responsibility, and we’ll help by giving you lots of tips and tricks! More >> Fitness Our fitness articles will help teach you how to work out with gym- and home-based exercises. More >> Crosswords Enjoy the crosswords challenge in our free daily puzzles, from the harder Sunday crossword to the quicker daily. More >> Sudoku Every Sudoku has a unique solution that can be reached logically. Enter numbers into the blank spaces so that each row, column and 3x3 box contains the numbers 1 to 9. More >> tab 0 tab 1 Calendar today's events browse submit Popular Commented Facebook Activity Stories Police investigate suicide at shooting range No more plastic bags in Brownsville after April 1 Women busted with $3.7 million in meth at B&M Bridge Clayton’s faces copyright lawsuit Jubilee Academic Center to open new campus in Brownsville More Photos More Videos More tab 0 tab 1 tab 2 Homes Does Your Home Need a Home ? Buena Vista Mobile Updated: Yesterday Brownsville House for Sale 1010 Silver Oak Dr. 3 Bdrm $138,500 Updated: Yesterday 10-20 AC. Duval County, North of San Diego; Live Oak Updated: Yesterday More Homes Cars 2010 Kia Forte EX, 4Dr., 51k miles, Excellent Condition, All $6,500 Updated: Yesterday 2002 Hyundai Santa Fe SUV. New tires Good Condition only $2,100 Updated: Yesterday Woodland Park Model in Tip O Texas Park. 866 Plains posted: February 10 More Cars Calendar today's events browse submit Friends2Follow Follow us on Twitter Tweets from https://twitter.com/BrownsvilleNews/herald-newsroom Today's Edition Online Features Online Features Real Estate Exterior home improvements yield high... Brandpoint (BPT) Light solutions: What to do when your... Brandpoint (BPT) 4 bathroom design trends that marry l... Brandpoint (BPT) What you should know about rising int... Brandpoint (BPT) Six factors driving the cost of your ... Brandpoint (BPT) Where to find rebates, tax credits an... Brandpoint (BPT) 4 hot bathroom design trends that don... Brandpoint (BPT) Plumbing the power of a powder room a... Brandpoint (BPT) Where there is a will - and more - th... Brandpoint (BPT) 4 statement pieces to elevate your ba... Brandpoint (BPT) Pet Central Having a pet is a lot of responsibility, and we’ll help by giving you lots of tips and tricks! More >> Fitness Our fitness articles will help teach you how to work out with gym- and home-based exercises. More >> Crosswords Enjoy the crosswords challenge in our free daily puzzles, from the harder Sunday crossword to the quicker daily. More >> Sudoku Every Sudoku has a unique solution that can be reached logically. Enter numbers into the blank spaces so that each row, column and 3x3 box contains the numbers 1 to 9. More >> Ads by Google Site Web Custom Search Advertising Advertising Place an Ad Co-op Advertising Commercial Print National Advertising Archives Archives Story Archives Obituaries Archives Subscriber Services Subscriber Services Subscribe Services Online Services Online Services RSS Feeds WebSites WebSites ElNuevoHeraldo.com RGVSports.com Copyright © 2016 The contents of this website may not be reproduced without written permission from The Brownsville Herald. All rights reserved. 1135 E. Van Buren St, Brownsville, TX 78520 | (956) 542-4301 Careers | Autos | Homes | Jobs | Classifieds AIM Media TX LLC © Copyright 2017, Brownsville Herald, Brownsville, TX. Powered by BLOX Content Management System from TownNews.com. [Terms of Use | Privacy Policy] Screen Name or Email Password Forgot? Login Screen Name or Email Now I remember! Need an account? Create one now.
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy   Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Capital One Financial Corporation - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Capital One Financial Corporation with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Blackrock Throgmorton Trust PLC (THRG) Increases Dividend to GBX 6.25 Per Share Pattern Energy Group Inc. (PEGI) Stock Rating Lowered by Zacks Investment Research Analysts Issue Forecasts for Akamai Technologies, Inc.’s Q1 2017 Earnings (AKAM) Allergan PLC. (AGN) Forecasted to Post Q1 2017 Earnings of $3.55 Per Share AngioDynamics, Inc. (ANGO) Receives $16.63 Average Target Price from Brokerages Sanatana Resources Inc (STA) Director Peter Leighton Miles Purchases 372,000 Shares of Stock Alexander & Baldwin Holdings, Inc. (ALEX) Director Stanley M. Kuriyama Sells 4,250 Shares Nicholas Financial, Inc. (NICK) Major Shareholder Magnolia Capital Fund, Lp Purchases 19,196 Shares Brokerages Anticipate Air Methods Corporation (AIRM) to Post $0.61 Earnings Per Share Owens Corning Inc (OC) Upgraded to Hold by Zacks Investment Research Avon Products, Inc. (AVP) Forecasted to Post Q1 2017 Earnings of $0.05 Per Share Analysts Offer Predictions for Camden Property Trust’s Q1 2017 Earnings (CPT) Jefferies Group Comments on CenturyLink, Inc.’s Q1 2017 Earnings (CTL) Brokerages Set Computer Programs and Systems, Inc. (CPSI) Price Target at $34.55 Seaport Global Securities Brokers Cut Earnings Estimates for Diamond Offshore Drilling, Inc. (DO) Daniel Kerzner Sells 36,000 Shares of Alarm.com Holdings, Inc. (ALRM) Stock Elissa Fink Sells 5,000 Shares of Tableau Software, Inc. (DATA) Stock Eaton Vance Tax-Managed Global Buy-Write (ETW) to Issue $0.10 Monthly Dividend Fiserv, Inc. to Post Q1 2017 Earnings of $1.18 Per Share, SunTrust Banks Forecasts (FISV) Marriott International (MAR) Receives $83.98 Average Target Price from Brokerages Q1 2017 Earnings Forecast for Capital One Financial Corporation Issued By Wedbush (COF) February 4th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Patrick Bannon Filed Under: Analyst Articles - Estimates - Finance Tweet Capital One Financial Corporation (NYSE:COF) – Equities researchers at Wedbush upped their Q1 2017 EPS estimates for Capital One Financial Corporation in a research report issued on Thursday. Wedbush analyst H. Coffey now anticipates that the brokerage will post earnings per share of $2.04 for the quarter, up from their previous forecast of $2.03. Wedbush has a “Neutral” rating and a $90.00 price objective on the stock. Wedbush also issued estimates for Capital One Financial Corporation’s Q2 2017 earnings at $1.66 EPS, FY2017 earnings at $7.75 EPS, Q4 2018 earnings at $1.98 EPS and FY2019 earnings at $9.33 EPS. Capital One Financial Corporation (NYSE:COF) last announced its earnings results on Tuesday, January 24th. The financial services provider reported $1.45 earnings per share for the quarter, missing the Zacks’ consensus estimate of $1.61 by $0.16. Capital One Financial Corporation had a net margin of 13.63% and a return on equity of 8.06%. The business earned $6.57 billion during the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $6.66 billion. During the same quarter last year, the business posted $1.58 earnings per share. The business’s quarterly revenue was up 6.0% compared to the same quarter last year. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY NOTICE: This story was posted by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are reading this story on another publication, it was illegally stolen and reposted in violation of U.S. & international copyright laws. The correct version of this story can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/02/04/q1-2017-earnings-forecast-for-capital-one-financial-corporation-issued-by-wedbush-cof.html. Other analysts also recently issued reports about the company. Stifel Nicolaus downgraded Capital One Financial Corporation from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating and upped their price objective for the stock from $76.00 to $84.00 in a research report on Monday, November 14th. Oppenheimer Holdings, Inc. restated an “underperform” rating and set a $60.00 price objective (up from $59.00) on shares of Capital One Financial Corporation in a research report on Sunday, October 30th. Barclays PLC upped their price objective on Capital One Financial Corporation from $82.00 to $105.00 and gave the stock an “overweight” rating in a research report on Tuesday, January 3rd. BMO Capital Markets reaffirmed a “buy” rating and issued a $103.00 target price on shares of Capital One Financial Corporation in a report on Wednesday, January 25th. Finally, Jefferies Group LLC reaffirmed a “hold” rating and issued a $69.00 target price on shares of Capital One Financial Corporation in a report on Friday, October 28th. Three research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, thirteen have assigned a hold rating, nine have issued a buy rating and one has given a strong buy rating to the company’s stock. The stock currently has an average rating of “Hold” and a consensus target price of $83.66. Shares of Capital One Financial Corporation (NYSE:COF) opened at 87.92 on Friday. The firm has a market capitalization of $42.51 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 12.75 and a beta of 1.24. The stock has a 50 day moving average price of $88.45 and a 200-day moving average price of $77.58. Capital One Financial Corporation has a 52 week low of $58.03 and a 52 week high of $91.64. Several institutional investors have recently made changes to their positions in the stock. Capital World Investors boosted its position in shares of Capital One Financial Corporation by 27.5% in the third quarter. Capital World Investors now owns 27,456,008 shares of the financial services provider’s stock valued at $1,972,165,000 after buying an additional 5,914,808 shares during the period. JPMorgan Chase & Co. boosted its position in shares of Capital One Financial Corporation by 34.6% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 17,546,669 shares of the financial services provider’s stock valued at $1,260,376,000 after buying an additional 4,511,539 shares during the period. Pzena Investment Management LLC bought a new position in shares of Capital One Financial Corporation during the third quarter valued at $229,175,000. Oak Hill Capital Management LLC bought a new position in shares of Capital One Financial Corporation during the fourth quarter valued at $97,429,000. Finally, Emerald Acquisition Ltd. bought a new position in shares of Capital One Financial Corporation during the second quarter valued at $135,041,000. Institutional investors own 91.06% of the company’s stock. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY NOTICE: This story was posted by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are reading this story on another publication, it was illegally stolen and reposted in violation of U.S. & international copyright laws. The correct version of this story can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/02/04/q1-2017-earnings-forecast-for-capital-one-financial-corporation-issued-by-wedbush-cof.html. In other Capital One Financial Corporation news, CEO Richard D. Fairbank sold 145,974 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction on Monday, January 30th. The stock was sold at an average price of $88.21, for a total value of $12,876,366.54. Following the completion of the sale, the chief executive officer now directly owns 2,738,995 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $241,606,748.95. The transaction was disclosed in a document filed with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is accessible through this link. Also, Director Pierre E. Leroy sold 8,998 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction on Monday, January 30th. The stock was sold at an average price of $88.09, for a total value of $792,633.82. Following the completion of the sale, the director now directly owns 48,298 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $4,254,570.82. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Insiders sold 1,664,071 shares of company stock valued at $138,174,702 over the last three months. Company insiders own 1.94% of the company’s stock. The company also recently announced a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Friday, February 24th. Shareholders of record on Monday, February 13th will be given a $0.40 dividend. This represents a $1.60 dividend on an annualized basis and a yield of 1.82%. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Thursday, February 9th. Capital One Financial Corporation’s dividend payout ratio is currently 23.26%. About Capital One Financial Corporation Receive News & Ratings for Capital One Financial Corporation Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Capital One Financial Corporation and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News White House Announces Conway Was Counseled Warren Receives Support After GOP Formally Silences Her Report: Trump Was Not Completely Briefed on Bannon NSC Seat Justice Department Will Challenge Stop to Travel Ban President Trump Cancels Harley-Davidson Trip Due to Possible Protests © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Google+ Singapore Weather Min. 24° | Max. 31° Air Quality: PSI 44-56 We set you thinking Saturday 11 February 2017 Read the PDF print edition Main menu hot news Commentary Voices Singapore daily focus China & India World Business Tech Sports Entertainment Lifestyle Blogs Photos Videos Print Edition Management Impact SME Property newstream Sports No change in Hyfa rent despite new operating rules 1486756920 World Saudi Crown prince says U.S.-Saudi ties strong 1486805170 World South Sudan general quits, cites army abuses and ethnic bias 1486805409 Lifestyle Candy-tasting job isn’t always so sweet 1486804605 World U.S. expresses objection to Palestinian as U.N. envoy to Libya 1486803025 World Earthquake in southern Philippines kills four, damages infrastructure 1486803116 China&India Guangzhou says many poultry markets infected with bird flu 1486803706 World UK to close Iraq war abuse unit, citing false claims 1486802710 World China expels 32 South Korea missionaries amid missile defense tension 1486802822 World Angola's president orders inquiry into stadium stampede that killed 17 1486801218 World Thousands gathered at Jakarta mosque urged to vote for Muslim governor 1486791471 World Freedom granted to Canadian man who beheaded and cannibalised fellow bus passenger 1486799801 World Iranian baby with heart defect to undergo life-saving surgery in US after Trump travel ban lifted 1486798606 World Islamic State fighter is first Australian stripped of citizenship: report 1486794545 World China gets an early win off Trump, but many battles remain 1486794850 World Johor’s Forest City seeks to diversify ownership amid Chinese dominance: Report 1486795608 World Trump says considering ‘brand new’ immigration order 1486795309 World In welcoming Shinzo Abe, Trump affirms US commitment to defending Japan 1486792904 World New top U.S. diplomat plays central role in Trump's China shift 1486787275 World Paraguay gives remains of military dictatorship victims to families 1486786950 Business Reckitt finalizes deal to buy Mead Johnson for $16.6 billion 1486786799 Business Ford to invest $1 billion in autonomous vehicle tech firm Argo AI 1486756330 Singapore Police looking into allegedly inappropriate comments made by officer 1486745940 Singapore Four winners share S$12 million prize in TOTO Hongbao draw 1486733400 Voices Consider top-ups for SkillsFuture Credit 1486756920 Sports More power in shots, better control of the ball 1486737360 Singapore Rail network hit by 3 disruptions in a day 1486745160 Business UAW says it will greet Tesla workers with 'open arms' 1486778193 Singapore The Big Read: CFE’s focus on strategy, not schemes, a sign of the times 1486745760 World Brazil's Espirito Santo state says reaches deal to end police strike 1486776016 World Germany says U.S. demand for more NATO burden-sharing is 'fair' 1486774742 Business Energy stocks look for catalyst out of doldrums 1486766285 Business Amazon warns that trade protectionism could hurt business 1486774129 World Trump to Iran's Rouhani: Better be careful 1486772644 World Brazil's former richest man to stand trial on corruption charges 1486769788 World Modi faces biggest election test since 2014 landslide 1486768421 Business After 12 years, ex-AIG chief Greenberg settles accounting fraud case 1486770654 World Polish PM flown to Warsaw hospital after car crash 1486765409 World Syrian dissident says war 'over' as states cut aid to rebels 1486771379 Business Top Federal Reserve official resigns as bank deregulation looms 1486767999 World After daring voyage to U.S., Haitians' dreams end in deportation 1486767302 World U.S. strike in Iraq targets Islamic State militant from France 1486766579 World Stampede at Angolan stadium kills 17, injures scores 1486767452 World Brazil Supreme Court judge calls for drugs legalization to beat gangs 1486766790 World France watches skies for Russian wargames, domestic drone threat 1486749124 Business Wall Street hits records again, boosted by Trump economy hopes 1486767577 World Brazil judge approves promotion of Temer ally with legal caveat 1486764709 World Libya mayors say Europe's migration crisis should not be dumped on them 1486763329 Business Senators question Goldman Sachs on its role in Trump banking policy 1486762886 Business Trump tax cut talk, China data spur risk rally 1486759326 Americas Boycotts, Trump's tirades part of new business landscape People gather to protest outside the Uber offices in Queens, New York, US, Feb 2, 2017. Photo: Reuters mail print View all comments Tweet Published: 5:22 PM, February 4, 2017 Updated: 5:34 PM, February 4, 2017 WASHINGTON — Uber's CEO quit President Donald Trump's business council. Nordstrom stopped selling Ivanka Trump's fashion. Boeing, Lockheed Martin and Toyota, meanwhile, suffered through the discomfort of being on the receiving end of Trump Twitter tirades. The Trump era is a perilous new landscape for corporate America. Companies are feeling political pressure like never before, squeezed on one side by consumers who are boycotting products with any ties to the administration and on the other by the outspoken, social media-loving president. For most companies, the decision to get political used to be made after long, careful deliberations among a company's leader, public relations team, lawyers and lobbyists. Now, in an increasingly divided America, companies may have no choice but to move quickly. “You have to understand your customers in real time because political ramifications are happening instantly,” said Mr Matt Friedman, a crisis communications adviser based near Detroit who has worked with public and private companies. “Each business now has to look at where their customer fits into the political divide and how their company values align to what the president is doing on a day-to-day basis.” The predicament for companies was on display ahead of Mr Trump's first White House meeting Friday (Feb 3) with his business forum, a group that includes General Motors CEO Mary Barra, JP Morgan CEO Jamie Dimon and a dozen others. The night before, Uber's Travis Kalanick told his employees he'd decided to quit the council because his presence on it was being “misinterpreted” as an endorsement of the president. “I spent a lot of time thinking about this and mapping it to our values,” Mr Kalanick told employees in an internal memo obtained by The Associated Press. Disney CEO Bob Iger didn't attend either; instead he was at a company board meeting in California. A seat on a high-profile White House council, no matter the political party in power, has previously been a can't-pass-up sign of prestige. It's a direct way for a company to express opinions to the president — far less fraught than trying to gain access through lobbying or donating money. Mr Trump said he intends to take advice from the council, which he said would meet regularly to discuss policies. Mr Trump said he'd be seeking guidance on his plans to roll back the financial services legislation known as the Dodd-Frank bill from JP Morgan's Mr Dimon. “There's nobody better to tell me about Dodd-Frank than Jamie,'' he said on Friday. But an audience with this president, at least at this stage, brings with it customer complications. No doubt weighing into Mr Kalanick's decision to give up that influence was the boycott the ride-sharing company, popular in urban, largely Democratic areas, had been experiencing all week. That campaign went viral on social media on Saturday night when people perceived Uber as trying to break a taxi strike to and from New York's John F Kennedy Airport that was in response to Mr Trump's executive order suspending the country's refugee programme. It didn't let up even after Uber publicly condemned Trump's executive order and contributed to relief groups. Ms Shannon Coulter, one of the organisers of the “Grab Your Wallet” social media effort to encourage boycotts of companies tied to Mr Trump, said she would only be satisfied when Kalanick resigned from the presidential forum, saying: “This is not a ‘seat at the table' moment. This is a flip-the-table moment.” Grab Your Wallet claimed another victory on Thursday night when Nordstrom announced it had stopped selling first daughter Ivanka Trump's fashion line. The company cited the brand's performance. The department store was one of Grab Your Wallet's first targets. Neiman Marcus also appears to have stopped selling her jewelry. “Companies have been late to the game with realizing how much ire it can create to associate with a person like Donald,” Ms Coulter said. While the anti-Trump boycotters cheered Nordstrom, angry Trump supporters deluged the company with angry messages on Twitter — some saying they were now prepared to begin their own boycott. Nordstrom spent the night responding to hundreds of them, with messages like: “We're so sorry to disappoint you. It's not a political decision for us.” Maine-based retailer LL Bean faced the flip side of that. Ms Linda Bean, one of many family members involved in the company, gave money to a pro-Trump super PAC during the campaign, prompting Grab Your Wallet to call for a boycott, which in turn prompted Trump to weigh in with a bit of social-media marketing. “Thank you to Linda Bean of LL Bean for your great support and courage. People will support you even more now. Buy LL Bean,'' Trump tweeted last month, a few weeks before taking office.  When they make a move that could be perceived as a knock on the president, companies like Nordstrom must calculate not only the financial impact of angering Trump supporters but also the possibility that Mr Trump himself could take notice – spiralling the crisis to another level. Mr Robert Passikoff, president of Brand Keys, said CEOs are especially vulnerable now because technology allows people to protest and vent their anger without organising a march, or even leaving their home. Among those who can weigh in with a few finger taps: The leader of the free world. “The direct communication from the president of the United States, with attacks on specific brands and specific people, is not something we've ever seen before,” he said. Just how much this new, perilous environment for CEOs will actually affect business in the long term is difficult to know. Shares of Lockheed fell sharply after the president tweeted in December that the cost of its F-35 fighter jets was “out of control”, then fell again after he complained about the military contractor at a news conference the next month. The stock quickly recovered both times. AP mail print View all comments Tweet Recommended For You   More Stories For You The Most Business READ COMMENTED “India really means business”: Iswaran ’appy iPhone users as WhatsApp Web goes iOS ‘Your fried rice’s ready, Chef’ ‘Unicorns’ face up to reality of new dotcom bubble ‘Tweaks' to property cooling measures worth exploring, say industry players ‘Too soon’ to call property market recovery despite renewed interest: Redas president Zuercher Kantonalbank CEO: scant progress on U.S. tax case Yum Brands profit tops expectations as KFC, Taco Bell deliver Yen holds gains, European political risks generate safe-haven demand Will Trump’s recent executive orders affect confidence in the US? White House plans directive targeting 'conflict minerals' rule: sources White House memo confuses Wall Street on fate of fiduciary rule White House defends Trump criticism of Nordstrom for dropping Ivanka clothing line Wells Fargo sets up artificial intelligence team in tech push Wells Fargo likely to eliminate 2016 bonuses for top executives: WSJ Inside Today World South Sudan general quits, cites army abuses and ethnic bias Saudi Crown prince says U.S.-Saudi ties strong Earthquake in southern Philippines kills four, damages infrastructure U.S. expresses objection to Palestinian as U.N. envoy to Libya China expels 32 South Korea missionaries amid missile defense tension Business Reckitt finalizes deal to buy Mead Johnson for $16.6 billion UAW says it will greet Tesla workers with 'open arms' Amazon warns that trade protectionism could hurt business After 12 years, ex-AIG chief Greenberg settles accounting fraud case Top Federal Reserve official resigns as bank deregulation looms Sports No change in Hyfa rent despite new operating rules Collapsing Liverpool must reboot or risk a Spurs beating More power in shots, better control of the ball SLA eases restrictions on Hyfa’s youth academy pitch usage Singapore paddler Chen Feng retires at age of 23 Entertainment Eat Already’s 2nd season to feature Cantonese, Teochew Big plans in store for National Museum of Singapore’s 130th birthday bash Beyonce faces US$20m copyright suit from YouTube star’s estate Christie Brinkley back in swimsuit in Sports Illustrated Madonna adopts 4-year-old twin girls in Malawi About TODAY Apps RSS Sitemap Syndication Contact Us Advertise with Us Terms & Conditions About MediaCorp Copyright 2017 © Mediacorp Press Ltd. All Rights Reserved. Mediacorp News Group
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad Trump attacks restrictions on big banks, retirement advisers By Associated Press Published: 03:46 EST, 4 February 2017 | Updated: 03:47 EST, 4 February 2017 e-mail WASHINGTON (AP) — President Donald Trump has launched his long-promised attack on banking rules that were rushed into law after the nation's economic crisis, signing new orders after meeting with business and investment chiefs and pledging further action to free big banks from restrictions. Wall Street cheered him on, but Trump risks disillusioning his working-class voters. On Friday he directed his Treasury secretary to review the devilishly complex 2010 Dodd-Frank financial oversight law, which was signed by President Barack Obama to overhaul regulations after the financial and housing crisis of the past decade. It aimed to restrain banks' from misdeeds that many blamed for the crisis. The new president also signed a memorandum instructing the Labor Department to delay an Obama-era rule that requires financial professionals who charge commissions to put their clients' best interests first when giving advice on retirement investments. President Donald Trump holds up an executive order after his signing the order in the Oval Office of the White House in Washington, Friday, Feb. 3, 2017. The executive order that will direct the Treasury secretary to review the 2010 Dodd-Frank financial oversight law, which reshaped financial regulation after 2008-2009 crisis. (AP Photo/Pablo Martinez Monsivais) While the order on Dodd-Frank, named after its Democratic sponsors, won't have an immediate impact, Trump's intent is clear. The law has been a disaster in restricting banks' activities, he said earlier this week. "We're going to be doing a big number on Dodd-Frank." During a meeting with business leaders, including JPMorgan Chase CEO Jamie Dimon on Friday, he said, "Frankly I have so many people, friends of mine that have nice businesses that can't borrow money. They just can't get any money because the banks just won't let 'em borrow because of the rules and regulations of Dodd-Frank." Those regulations unnecessarily cramp the U.S. economy and job creation, he declared. But many Democrats see it differently, including Sen. Elizabeth Warren, who was behind the formation of the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau, formed as part of the Dodd-Frank law. "Donald Trump talked a big game about Wall Street during his campaign — but as president, we're finding out whose side he's really on," Warren said in a statement. "The Wall Street bankers and lobbyists whose greed and recklessness nearly destroyed this country may be toasting each other with champagne, but the American people have not forgotten the 2008 financial crisis — and they will not forget what happened today." The crisis touched off the worst recession since the 1930s Great Depression, wiping out $11 trillion in U.S. household wealth and leaving about 8 million Americans jobless. U.S. taxpayers funded multibillion-dollar bailouts of Wall Street mega-banks, smaller banks across the country and other financial firms. Eight years on, the economy's recovery has been halting, a situation that contributed to Trump's election. Beyond being fed up with bailouts, consumers have an interest in the Financial Protection Bureau, which expanded regulators' ability to police a wide array of financial products and services. During his campaign, Trump pledged to repeal and replace the law, but he also railed against Wall Street excess and vowed to hold the industry accountable for the crisis. His rhetoric left questions about how closely he would align with the financial services industries' years-long fight to undo regulations they view as burdensome. Since winning the White House, Trump has cleared up some of those questions. He has filled his administration with millionaires and financiers and signed the orders after meeting with top CEOs and banking executives. In his other action Friday, Trump's presidential memorandum on financial advisers delayed implementation of the past administration's "fiduciary rule," aimed at blocking consultants from steering clients toward investments with higher commissions and fees that can eat away at retirement savings. The rule was to take effect in April. The financial services industry argues that the rule would limit retirees' investment choices by forcing asset managers to steer them to low-risk options. Meanwhile, unwinding most of Dodd-Frank will require legislation, and on Capitol Hill the Republicans' yearning to cut it down is as strong as ever. But tax reform, reworking "Obamacare" and other issues are more immediate priorities, some Republicans suggest. Further, the big Wall Street banks already have baked in many of the Dodd-Frank rules and aren't clamoring to unwind all of them. Aiming lower, in the pre-dawn hours of Friday, Congress passed and sent to Trump for his signature legislation striking down a rule that requires oil and gas companies to disclose payments to the U.S. or foreign governments for commercial development. Critics warn that rolling back the Dodd-Frank regulations would put the economy at risk. "You can blow up the financial system and really crush the American economy. I think that's where they're headed," said Michael S. Barr, a former assistant treasury secretary for financial institutions and a key architect of the law. The Consumer Financial Protection Bureau is a prime target within the law for Republican lawmakers, who have long accused it of overreach. But there are political risks in Trump taking a hatchet to a watchdog agency focused on protecting ordinary consumers against abusive practices by banks, mortgage companies, credit card issuers, payday lenders, debt collectors and others. Over five years, the agency says, it has recovered $11.7 billion that it returned to more than 27 million harmed consumers. "You could expect pushback, that this is about favoring Wall Street over Main Street," said Phillip Swagel, an assistant Treasury secretary for economic policy in the George W. Bush administration. Going after the bureau, Barr said, would likely hurt consumers, "including some of President Trump's strongest supporters." __ Follow Colvin on Twitter at https://twitter.com/colvinj President Donald Trump prepares to sign an executive order in the Oval Office of the White House in Washington, Friday, Feb. 3, 2017. Trump signed an executive order that will direct the Treasury secretary to review the 2010 Dodd-Frank financial oversight law, which reshaped financial regulation after 2008-2009 crisis. At left is Vice President Mike Pence. (AP Photo/Pablo Martinez Monsivais) In this Feb. 2, 2017, photo, President Donald Trump speaks in the Roosevelt Room of the White House in Washington. Trump is taking his first steps aimed at scaling back financial services regulations. The president will sign an executive order Friday that will direct the Treasury secretary to review the 2010 Dodd-Frank financial oversight law, which reshaped financial regulation after the 2008-09 financial crisis. (AP Photo/Pablo Martinez Monsivais) Share or comment on this article e-mail Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS All that glitters! Kylie Jenner flashes her midriff and legs in fringed gold crop top and matching skirt for Jeremy Scott's NYFW show EXCLUSIVE PICTURES: Robin Thicke has emotional reunion with son Julian under watchful eye of social worker as ex Paula Patton reluctantly hands him over in park 'Late night sesh!' Make-up free Michelle Keegan flaunts gym-honed figure in black leggings and a vest as she enjoys Friday night workout LBD with a twist! Emily Ratajkowski slips on velvet dress for Jason Wu's 10th Anniversary Midnight Supper during NYFW You can't strut with us! Kendall Jenner, Bella Hadid and Hailey Baldwin make for a formidable fashion pack as they parade their way into the Fendi party Food to get you in the mood! Sexy dishes and drinks for Valentine's Day (and why they work)  SPONSORED Aphrodisiacs 'He's gone. He's blue': Fadi Fawaz's frantic 999 call reveals that lover had 'been trying to wake George Michael for an hour' after finding him unconscious EXCLUSIVE: 'I was scared to come back because of my beliefs': Lindsay Lohan on returning to the US while studying Islam and why she wants to meet Trump Meow! Paris Hilton braves snow in quirky cat ear cap after walking the runway for New York Fashion Week Leather look That's cheeky! Calvin Klein plays This is Not America and Mexican immigrant designer sends 'f*** your wall' underwear down the runway as New York Fashion Week gets political Daddy's biggest fan! Behati Prinsloo takes baby Dusty Rose to support Adam Levine as he is honored with star on Hollywood Walk of Fame Did I want Bowie's children? Never! A year after his death, Lulu tells of her affair with the rock legend, her troubled childhood - and the car crash that nearly killed her Hailey Baldwin rocks rose colored glasses and leather for RtA FW 2017 presentation at New York Fashion Week Monochrome 'So excited to shoot with women of all sizes!' Ashley Graham flaunts her cleavage in sizzling salsa-themed ad for her swimsuit line Kourtney Kardashian shows off her pins in black leggings as she chats on the phone while running errands In LA's upscale Sherman Oaks neighbourhood  'Grown and sexy': Shanina Shaik flashes MAJOR side boob in slinky black frock before celebrating 26th birthday with an adorable cake of her much-younger self  Big city pretty! Snooki, JWoww and Christina Milian get dolled up at NYFW celebrity beauty bar The pretty celebs were on top forms She even stuns in sweats! Selena Gomez opts for comfort in cozy top and bell bottoms as she steps out in LA Relaxed 'You want to introduce some fear!' Tim McGraw reveals he scares his and Faith Hill's daughters' dates with a sledgehammer  Look away Rob! Blac Chyna spotted without her engagement ring as she enjoys lunch date with a mystery man 'How pretty is this is?': Eva Longoria shares romantic Valentine's Day balloon display she made for husband Jose Bastón 'You're literally 99 per cent plastic now!': Fans SLAM Holly Hagan as she unveils new 'filled out' chin in proud before and after snap Nice puppies! Lena Dunham dons bold striped frock as she makes Tonight Show appearance with two cute furry guests Can't rain on her parade! Kelly Rowland braves LA downpour to celebrate birthday in showstopping beaded ensemble Birthday weekend 'His and hers': Bec Judd flaunts slim frame in activewear with husband Chris Judd in loved-up snap... six weeks after the pair celebrated their sixth wedding anniversary New York minute! Romee Strijd steps out in super short skirt showing off long legs during chilly NYFW Taking fashion week in her stride Mischa Barton steps out for a rainy day drive in her convertible...one day after 'drinking and smoking until 3 am' at West Hollywood bar 'She's our guardian angel now': Katie Holmes puts on a brave face at Fashion Week as she reveals her grandmother passed away  Looking good! Model Elyse Taylor looks radiant as she reveals her beauty secrets include coffee and green juice for breakfast and 60 minutes of cardio FIVE times a week Forget something? Allison Williams wows in sparkly black blazer with no BRA at Get Out premiere in Los Angeles Not worried about over exposure Pregnant Ciara shows off baby bump in skintight mini dress and stilettos while out with Russell Wilson in West Hollywood All smiles Sealed with a kiss! Ariel Winter shares a cheeky peek with her gal pal after getting frisky with fires Locking lips Sitting pretty: Charlie XCX shines in pink polka dots at the Variety Portrait Studio event with Noah Cyrus and Kat Graham She was an American Girl! Kate Upton stuns in slinky silk ensemble at MusiCares event honouring Tom Petty 'I want someone who's going to throw me on the bed!': Ferne McCann insists men are put off by her fame... as she reveals she's 'so ready' to settle down and have a baby 'Congratulations to the family': Rita Ora only has 'positive energy' for ex Rob Kardashian after he welcomes a baby with Blac Chyna... despite infamous Twitter spat  Nicole Scherzinger puts on a busty display in cut-out blouse for night out at LA hotspot Catch Eye-popping display Busting out! Olivia Newton-John's daughter Chloe Lattanzi flaunts VERY ample cleavage in bizarre video announcement for new movie Second-gen stunner! Andy Garcia's daughter Alessandra Garcia Lorido is a rising talent in the plus-size modeling world A name to watch Daddy's little girl! Tom Hanks' grand-daughter's name revealed as the adorable tot steps out wearing an outfit picked out by father Chet  'Dressing her in gym gear is a cheap ratings stunt!': Corrie viewers SLAM 'nauseating' Rosie Webster as she exercises in a TINY pink sports bra 'He was on the bed, the gas fire next to him': EastEnders' June Brown admits she blamed herself for husband's suicide... as she celebrates 90th birthday and 32 years as Dot  Coffee and cigarettes: Fresh faced Frenchwoman Vanessa Paradis stops to smoke after enjoying lunch with friends Diane Kruger looks beautiful in blue as she joins Adriana Lima with a leggy display on front row at Jason Wu's New York Fashion Week show What would the Neighbours say? Makeup-free Olympia Valance poses NEAR-NAKED on board yacht with bikini-clad pals 'Babes!' Gwen Stefani gushes about beau Blake Shelton and pal Adam Levine as the Maroon 5 singer gets a star on the Hollywood Walk Of Fame A Lott of leg! Pixie shows off her toned pins in a ladylike LBD with bow detailing as she leads the glamour at Weinstein pre-BAFTA dinner Kim Kardashian works out with her sisters in LA while husband Kanye West prepares for fashion week in NYC Long distance  Courtney Stodden makes out with a mystery man as she confirms she has split from 56-year-old husband Doug Hutchison once again A vision in velvet! Jessie James Decker shows off her svelte figure in burgundy dress with thigh high boots for her Kittenish pop up shop Like a Greek Goddess! Australian Supermodel Nicole Trunfio dazzles the MusiCares red carpet in a unique silk white number She's got good jeans! Rachael Gouvignon flaunts slimmed-down figure in tight denim after posing NUDE in THAT beachside snap Move over Nicole Kidman! Meet Vimala Raman, 37, the girl who grew up in western Sydney watching Bollywood movies and is now one of India's most  successful actresses Actor abdication: The Crown creator admits he's 'thinking about recasting everybody' as the plot progresses... meaning Matt Smith and Claire Foy would no longer star in the show 'I want Sophie to stay single': Back in Corrie after a spell on the stage, Brooke Vincent says there's more to her lesbian character than her sexuality 'Strictly made me feel like a woman again': Singer Anastacia's double mastectomy saved her life, but left her with 'a road map' of scars 'Fashionable?' Wildlife warrior Bindi Irwin jokes about her latest 'fashion statement' days after touching tribute to her late father Steve Colour in Kate! Kensington Palace joins the crayon craze with a £5.99 book of the Duchess of Cambridge's outfits that is flying off the shelves  'The older that you get ... less is more!': Makeup enthusiast Kim Zolciak touts virtues of using fewer cosmetics Glam look Lauren Pope flaunts her incredible figure and sculpted abs in a bright yellow bikini as she soaks up the sun in Dubai Sultry beach style Victoria(na) chic! Jenna Coleman is the picture of elegance in thigh-skimming frock with pretty ruffle detailing at Weinstein pre-BAFTA party Bella Thorne wears lacy crop top to join mystery man on double-date bike ride with sister Dani Thorne and boyfriend in LA Someone new? Naughty but nice! LeAnn Rimes sizzles in a black dress with a plunging, laced up neckline for pre-Grammys event Cross her heart Babymoon time! Whitney Port and husband jet out on vacation after the Hills star announced pregnancy    'Something to sink his teeth into': Un-signed footballer Jamie O'Hara fills the void by taking a stab at modelling... following the demise of his CBB relationship with Bianca Gascoigne SEBASTIAN SHAKESPEARE: Gentlemen prefer blondes! Pixie Lott, her mother AND big sister meet a very animated Prince Charles  Lena Dunham bares midriff in crop top tracksuit after discussing her Trump diet again and how she 'drops weight with every move he makes' Lee slaps Whitney for telling him to man up, like his dad (Danny Dyer), capping off 'the week from hell' for the Carters in EastEnders, by JIM SHELLEY Soapwatch: Jaci Stephen's ultimate insight into the week's soaps  Bethany's drawn further into Nathan's lair. I suspect we'll see her being asked to get nude 'This gave me chills!': Emotional fans praise Michael Bublé's new video about 'everlasting love'... as he makes his musical comeback amid his son Noah's cancer battle Botox in her neck, an apple before every meal and lasers to wipe out knee wrinkles: How Christie Brinkley looks like this at 63 (and don't forget her daily washes with ACID soap)!  Prince Harry's ex Cressida Bonas cuts a demure figure in simple white dress as she cosies up to Olga Kurylenko at Harvey Weinstein's pre-BAFTA bash Trainspotting 2's Anjela Nedyalkova looks leggy in a nude semi-sheer minidress at the Berlinale International Film Festival... after getting naked with Ewan McGregor on set Youthful looking Nicole Kidman, 49, flashes a hint of skin in a quirky polka dot dress with a thigh-high split as she attends Lion premiere in Paris EXCLUSIVE: Beau Ryan's wife Kara shows off her blossoming baby bump in skintight activewear after announcing second pregnancy 'Before kids, eye bags and sleep theft': Fearne Cotton reminisces on girly getaway with Holly Willoughby as she posts throwback snap in honour of her birthday 'I thought about it and I was wrong!' D&G designer Stefano Gabbana backtracks after body-shaming Lady Gaga - and even praises her for being 'real'  Should Jamie Oliver be holding his baby so close to the cooker? Parenting expert's warning over photo of chef with his six-month-old son River Rocket Cooling off! Model Laura Csortan takes adorable three-month-old daughter Layla Rose for a swim during Sydney's heatwave Baby's day out! Chelsea Clinton and husband Marc take son Aidan on an afternoon trip to gourmet food emporium after a morning at a fashion show DENYING she'd run for senate 'It has really knocked him': Outnumbered's Tyger Drew-Honey left devastated after it's revealed his porn star dad Ben Dover has bladder cancer New York's her runway! Kendall Jenner parades much shorter haircut as she struts around town during fashion week Dramatic change The Boy from Oz! Actor Hugh Jackman reveals he STILL gets excited by snow despite years in the US as he braves New York snowstorm Snap in a blizzard Next generation! Sofia Richie shows off her modeling chops as she gets VERY close to Anwar Hadid in Tommy Hilfiger's sultry new denim campaign Well, it's not ALWAYS the happiest place on Earth! Drew Barrymore recalls her daughter Olive's spectacular tantrums at Disney World Bumping along nicely! Ciara protectively strokes her belly in clinging black dress on casual outing in Beverly Hills Pretty pregnant Looking tan-dy! Olivia Culpo and Madison Beer don color-coordinating outfits for Cushnie Et Ochs NYFW show Glimpse of decolletage thanks to a lack of a bra Kate Upton looks prim and proper in pearls and blouse at LAX following claims of 'diva' behavior over Sports Illustrated shoot Keeping it cute 'We're famous, Daddy!' Nick Cannon reveals his struggle to keep five-year-old twins with Mariah Carey grounded Battle to give children a normal childhood 'You're always playing the victim!' Kirk Norcross' ex Holli Willis launches into a tirade on Twitter about 'attention seeking' claims that she doesn't let him see their daughter Drop dead gorgeous! Pamella Roland shows glitzy beading, sheer accents, killer ladylike capes at stunning New York Fashion Week show That's not Selena Gomez! The Weeknd hits pre-Grammy party with a brunette former Miss USA who looks uncannily like his girlfriend Stephen Bear DROPPED from Celebs Go Dating agency and banned from show's launch party because of his 'relationship' with Charlotte Crosby Drew Barrymore's ex Will Kopelman takes daughters for stroll with female companion... after actress admits their divorce was her 'worst nightmare' Getting ready to roll! Irina Shayk reveals her baby bump in grey sweatshirt as she prepares for her little one's arrival with another driving lesson Family trip! Actress Charlize Theron heads through LAX with her children Jackson and August as well as her mother Black and white style It's all in the wrist! Celebrity hairstylist Justine Marjan details the secrets to how she achieves perfectly lived-in waves on clients like Khloe Kardashian Katy Perry on why she's 'given up' caring what people think about her quirky style Pop beauty admits she used to spend hours reading comments Postcard from paradise: Kim Kardashian shares personal photo album of her wet and wild waterfall adventure in Costa Rica  'We are truly blessed': Family rejoice as Jamie Lynn Spears' daughter Maddie, 8, LEAVES hospital six days after girl almost died after flipping ATV into a pond Coronation Street's Catherine Tyldesley displays her long legs and hourglass figure in leather skirt on date night with husband Tom Pitfield 'Your job is to get naked and say lines!' Debra Messing reveals how an award-winning director pressured her to go nude on set - after insisting she needed a nose job Made in Mayfair! Tiffany Watson flaunts her tanned and toned legs in form-fitting white frock as she enjoys glamorous night out in London TOWIE's Kate Wright refuses to namedrop 'new footballer boyfriend Rio Ferdinand in upcoming series as it has nothing to do with the show' Trailer for 'racist' Netflix series Dear White People 'gets a million dislikes in just ONE day' - and sparks customer revolt  Controversial Keanu Reeves looks dapper in a navy suit as he attends the gala screening of his latest flick John Wick in London Killing it  Trainspotting 2's Anjela Nedyalkova looks leggy in skintight black dress at Berlinale International Film Festival... after getting naked with Ewan McGregor in steamy scenes Oh so chic! Olivia Culpo and Nicky Hilton turn heads in black at white at LANYU Couture runway show The biggest names in fashion turn out 'Um, photoshop gone wrong': Fans accuse Charlotte Crosby of heavily doctoring her Insta post as she poses in lycra in front of 'very wonky skirting board'  'So proud' Jennifer Ellison parades her newly-svelte figure in tiny sports bra as she drops a whopping four dress sizes in just three months How the West Wing was won: Kellyanne Conway dresses in head-to-toe leather day after travel ban ruling (and drops $6k on her boots and purse alone) Cinema says it won't let men in to watch Fifty Shades Darker 'until we see if women can control themselves'  Too steamy for the ladies? Fifty Shades of Demure! Dakota Johnson cuts a casual figure in chic fur-trimmed overcoat as she jets out of London for her next movie premiere BEL MOONEY: My life's been ruined by my lover's tangle of lies Advice for a woman who moved to the Midlands to be with a man - only to learn he was having casual sex with others. What happened to Sarah? How Fergie's now calling herself Margaret York and trying to run a business empire from a hotel bar  Little Minxes! Jesy Nelson flaunts her incredible abs in a plunging sports bra... as Jade Thirlwall shows off her slender figure in a racy tour costume She's gone all Sporty Spice: Victoria Beckham wears head to toe Adidas in show of support to brand ambassador husband David following scandal Effortlessly chic! Model Jessica Hart flashes a hint of cleavage as she goes BRALESS in plunging black outfit at New York Fashion Week 'Sticky as hell!' Atomic Kitten pose for a busty photo as they get hot and sweaty on the Melbourne leg of their reunion tour... as Kerry Katona bounces back after her mystery illness Suddenly shy? Rita Ora wraps up in oversized shearling coat as she heads to Heathrow airport... after flashing underboob at Fifty Shades Darker premiere 'You need company': Grieving Debbie McGee hints that she's ready to find love again as she tries to 'keep busy' a year after husband Paul Daniels' death Baby's first Chanel: Rob Kardashian posts sweet snap of baby Dream wearing designer outfit as she turns three months old Alec Baldwin roasts Ivanka Trump during Tonight Show saying he bought his suit from her collection for '95 per cent off' amid Nordstrom fiasco Free the nipple! Raf Simons sends his models down the runway at New York Fashion Week in risque SEE-THROUGH sweaters as he debuts his first Calvin Klein collection Brielle Biermann enjoys a sweet early Valentine's Day celebration with boyfriend Michael Kopech and wins 'best girlfriend' award Revenge is best served HOT! Khloe Kardashian proudly models her ripped body in mirror selfie after officially dropping Odom from her name 'We connected really quickly:' Gigi Hadid reveals she tried struggled to play it cool after falling hard for Zayn when they first met Richard Gere, 67, and girlfriend Alejandra Silva, 33, pucker up on the red carpet as they put on a besotted display at the Berlin Film Festival Oh, what beautiful morning! Leighton Meester, Camilla Belle and Victoria Justice flock to Russian Tea Room for Kate Spade NYFW show Millie Bobby Brown joins the A-list front row fashion set at Calvin Klein after being named the new face of the designer brand at just 12 Seeking frills! Alexa Chung flaunts her long lean figure as she braves the cold in chic crochet dress to attend Calvin Klein show during New York Fashion Week Love you, baby! Maksim Chmerkovskiy kisses Peta Murgatroyd at fashion show as they take a night off parent duty one month after birth of son  While Kate Spade unveils a Paris-inspired 2017 collection with the help of Victoria Justice, Tanya Taylor serves up intricate pieces for the modern gal Golden girls! Gwyneth Paltrow and Sarah Jessica Parker rock autumnal colors for Calvin Klein's Fall Winter show at NYFW Naomie Harris is the picture of elegance in checked trousers and chic white coat as she makes glamorous arrival at Calvin Klein NYFW show Ex On The Beach's Chloe Goodman flaunts her ample assets and peachy bottom in a tiny mismatched bikini as she hits the pool in Tenerife 'You can't be obese and happy': Super-slimmer Tina Malone claims true joy comes from being thin... but Chantelle Houghton says 'life is too short' The Grammys' 'trophy girls' who dish out the awards now include a transgender woman and a man  Martina Robledo, Derek Marrocco, Hollin Haley will be the 3 handlers 'I'd like to have kids... but I need a guy!' Sophie Monk reveals hopes of having a baby THIS YEAR and is open to being a single mum 'if it got to that' 'She's very shaken up': Love Island's Olivia Buckland left in hospital after hitting her head in petrifying car crash Sustained an injury to her head  How Kate took ten years off her face: The Duchess has ditched her heavy eyeliner, and matte foundation since turning 35 (and looks a decade younger) MY HAVEN - Martin Roberts: The Homes Under The Hammer host, 53, in his tree house (and radio studio) in Somerset  She plays Governor Hildur Odegard in Sky Atlantic's dark drama Fortitude and here Sofie Grabol talks us through a week on the show's set... Tony Blackburn will make his triumphant return to Radio 2 for a 6am Saturday job one year after his sacking  Sounds Of The 60s I'm not Radio Gaga, legendary DJ Brian Matthew tells JANE FRYER after he briefly fell ill and was abruptly pensioned off from the BBC following 63 years with the corporation  It's celebrity walkies! Well-known faces walk their dogs in stunning locations and telling us as much about the owners as the beauty spots Bill Oddie wouldn't do yoga, Sheila Ferguson had a date and Miriam Stoppard couldn't surrender to the spirituality. Yes, The Real Marigold Hotel is back Natural beauty! Makeup-free Pia Miller shares 'grumpy selfie' ahead of early morning shoot and STILL looks stunning The Germans won the war and Britain is under occupation. That's the idea behind new TV drama SS-GB - and its dystopian vision is utterly chilling: Welcome to Nazi Britain  Terry Pratchett's final fantasy: The late literary legend recorded his innermost thoughts before he passed away in 2015 - now actor Paul Kaye's brought them to life in a moving film After a tantalising star turn in The Night Manager, Elizabeth Debicki returns to British TV in Australian alien abduction thriller The Kettering Incident Fancy seeing you here! Lily-Rose Depp bumps into her pal Tallulah Willis at popular LA lunch spot The two friends met unexpectedly Richard Gere and his co-star Laura Linney cosy up to each other on the red carpet for new film The Dinner at the 67th Berlinale International Film Festival Whoopi Goldberg reveals she didn't realise how much she depended on her mother and brother as she discusses their deaths on Loose Women EXCLUSIVE: 'We had SEX in Buckingham Palace toilets': Steve Jones admits to a very naughty regal romp with his wife Phylicia Her pride and joy! Teresa Palmer shares adorable snap of her sons Bodhi Rain and Forest Sage as she gushes over the baby's 'new chatter' Picking up a present for the grandchildren? Amal Clooney's mum is pictured heading into a children's bookshop as it's revealed the couple are expecting twins Blondes have more fun! Allison Williams shows off platinum hair at LA screening of Get Out with director Jordan Peele and co-stars Kate Moss flashes her racy leather bra as she unbuttons her shirt during dinner in London... before heading home in the early hours bleary-eyed She'll catch her death! Braless Ashley James puts on a VERY busty display as she showcases her ample cleavage in plunging pink knitwear Time to chill! Geordie Shore newbie Zahida Allen braves snowy conditions in TINY plunging mini dress as she enjoys girls' night at French ski resort 'My heart is broken!' Twitter goes into mourning as Kris Marshall bids an emotional farewell to Death In Paradise Charli Sexy-X! Popstar puts on very busty display in plunging bralet and tiny shorts as she performs new single on Jimmy Kimmel Live 'She threw me off!': Maria Shriver gets flustered after Lena Dunham says the word penis during live interview on Today show Take a bow! Solange Knowles shows off a hint of cleavage in quirky plunging blazer at the Black Women in Music event in Hollywood  So wild! Sofia Vergara wears zebra print blouse as she films Modern Family with Ed O'Neill In character as Gloria during a shoot day 'It's got a life of its own!' Linda Robson has Loose Women panel in stitches as she fails to switch off sex toy and mistakes nipple tassels for earrings PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Tyga's ex Demi Rose sizzles in racy red lace lingerie for sexy Valentine's Day shoot as she reveals plans to move to America Shia LaBeouf's anti-Trump museum exhibit is shut down after becoming a 'flashpoint for violence' He Will Not Divide Us exhibit Tara Palmer-Tomkinson's family reveal she 'died peacefully in her sleep' as heartbroken sister visits tragic socialite's £1.6million apartment  Lisa Appleton flashes her very ample assets whilst flexing her muscles in Wonder Woman-inspired gym wear by the seaside in Blackpool 'There was a baby boom!' Jamie Dornan admits erotic Fifty Shades sex scenes with Dakota Johnson led to pregnancy surge 'You're going to cry again': Eamonn Holmes reminds emotional Ruth Langsford of how he asked her mum for hand in marriage during her dad's dementia battle Aidan Turner puffs away on a cigarette before he resumes filming with Eleanor Tomlinson for Poldark season three EastEnders' Jack Branning can't contain his grief-fuelled rage as it's revealed what really caused Ronnie and Roxy Mitchell's deaths Seething with rage  Not wanted! NeNe Leakes and Kim Zolciak's return to RHOA angers co-stars amid pay cut concerns Sure to be explosive Fresh fears for Mischa Barton as she is seen drinking, smoking and partying until 3am just weeks after shocking 'meltdown'  Pictured drinking 'Amal's twins and Beyonce's twins will sit on the thrones of Narnia': Twitter reacts to George Clooney baby news Double the joy! 'Caught early it's very curable': Pointless host Alexander Armstrong undergoes testicular cancer test in front of millions on This Morning Praised by viewers  Sheer daring! Kendall Jenner bares pert derriere in see-through gown as she hits catwalk for La Perla NYFW show Sheer style 'Everything I could possibly ever want on my birthday': Make-up free Holly Willoughby poses for a rare snap with her three children as she turns 36 Could it be a trio of pregnancies for The Hills? Speidi fuel rumours they are expecting as they congratulate Whitney Port and Lauren Conrad 'He thinks he can win in every discipline' Davina McCall on Spencer Matthews' cocky attitude on The Jump... and his co-stars plan to 'take him down' '27 weeks and 2 days': Pregnant Love Island star Cally Jane Beech excitedly shares picture of her growing baby bump as she poses in her underwear  Mini Moyles! Radio DJ Chris showcases his jaw-dropping five stone weight loss at the opening of Jamie Oliver's new restaurant in London Save the breast for last! Courtney Stodden sizzles in plunging bodysuit as she showcases major sideboob at pre-Grammys bash in LA Death in Paradise star whose shorts have made her a hit with viewers entertains Twitter with live episode updates (and responds to their flirty posts) 'I'm just gutted I'm not allowed to see you': Kirk Norcross shares heart-wrenching video with daughter  on her first birthday...amid claims ex is blocking access LEAFing little to the imagination! Charlotte McKinney flaunts her eye-popping cleavage in a sheer top as she accessorises with a quirky clutch When she's feeling blue: Selma Blair flaunts her legs in a patterned mini and a matching pyjama-style ensemble as she mixed up her look throughout the day Rosie Huntington-Whiteley, 29, finally confirms she's PREGNANT with fiance Jason Statham, 49, as she shares burgeoning bikini bump snap  'Looking hot in those kinky boots this morning!' Twitter goes wild for Lorraine Kelly's patent leather knee-highs on TV show It's Ferry slippy! Geordie Shore's Chloe takes a tumble on the ice alongside cast mate Marnie Simpson as they continue to film new series in Tignes Brooklyn Beckham heads out for a night out on the town amid father David's email hacking scandal Heading to Mayfair It was never meant to workout! Jamie O'Hara endures gruelling personal training session... after dumping CBB love interest Bianca Gascoigne EastEnders suffers another epic gaffe when stagehand wanders into Aunt Babe and Sylvie's dramatic scene A man in a high vis jacket was in shot Lady in leather! Smiling Queen Maxima of the Netherlands steps out in an edgy plum pencil skirt on a visit to a design school in east Germany  TayTay Starhz continues to cash in on THAT kiss with Zoe Ball as he claims he helped cause the end of her marriage to Norman Cook  Can YOU identify these stars from just their lips? Scientists say plump pouts like the Kardashians' aren't the most desirable while Holly Willoughby has a perfect pair Awkward! Suits stars Rick Hoffman and Sarah Rafferty dodge question about co-star Meghan Markle and Prince Harry on The Project Such a (Suga)babe! Heidi Range oozes glamour in a lace jumpsuit as she enjoys a theatre date night with hunky husband at the Carole King Musical It's official! George Clooney, 55, and pregnant wife Amal, 39, finally confirm rumours they are expecting TWINS Due in June 50 shades duller! (And as erotic as a bluebottle landing on your bottom): BRIAN VINER gives his verdict on the sequel Even more pale and at times downright limp 'Just perfect': Peter Andre shares intimate breastfeeding snap of wife Emily MacDonagh... as they hint at solidarity for Tamara Ecclestone following her rant When Hermione fell for Voldemort... Hilarious Beauty and The Beast spoof trailer sees Emma Watson's Belle fall in love with Harry Potter's evil nemesis Revealed: The punishing regime that saw DJ Chris Moyles ditch pizza for quinoa and the radio chair for running to shed a whopping FIVE STONE   With their drunken orgies, the sexually voracious Wizard Of Oz Munchkins turned to whoring, pimping and other crimes   Exposed 'I'm putting my pyjamas on': Katie Price teases she won't be getting X-rated with husband Kieran Hayler after watching steamy Fifty Shades Darker 'Every day I want more drugs': Friends reveal tragic Tara's struggle with addiction in her final months as sister tells of her heartbreak Tragic death Throwback Thursday! Zayn Malik channels James Dean with edgy shearling jacket and classic quiff at Billboard Power 100 celebration Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
Login Register Logout Profile Subscribe Home Advertising Blade Plus Campus Connection Classifieds Contact Us Coupons Plus Customer Service Diggit eBlade BCSN Editions & Apps Events Jobs Homes Most Wanted Obituaries OurtownSylvania OurtownPerrysburg Renew My Subscription Subscribe The Blade in Education The Blade Vault Weekly Ads Friday, Feb 10, 2017 One of America's Great Newspapers ~ Toledo, Ohio Login Register Logout Profile Subscribe |   Log Out News • Sports • A&E • Business • Opinion Stock Market Banks lead stock indexes broadly higher Traders also encouraged by news of pickup in hiring last month ASSOCIATED PRESS Published on Feb. 3, 2017 | Updated 4:15 p. m. Banks and other financial companies led a rally on Wall Street after President Trump took steps to scale back financial industry regulations. ASSOCIATED PRESS THE BLADE Buy This Image Share Tweet Share Email Comments Print THE BLADE Enlarge | Buy This Image NEW YORK — Banks and other financial companies made big gains today after President Trump moved to scale back regulations on the financial industry. Other stocks also rose as investors were also pleased that employers hired workers at a faster pace in January. Financial stocks made their biggest gains since shortly after the presidential election as Trump took his first steps to reduce regulation of the industry. Those changes could boost profits for investment firms. The Labor Department said hiring sped up last month, a positive sign for the economy. Small-company stocks, which stand to benefit more than others from stronger economic growth, make sharp gains. RELATED: Searchable stock index Financial companies have made huge gains since Trump’s election, and his pledge to cut regulations is a major reason. “They’re going to benefit from not having all of this onerous red tape,” said Karyn Cavanaugh of Voya Investment Strategies. “That’s why we see the rallies every time they talk about regulation.” Cavanaugh said a reduction in regulations could also help banks lend more and speed up economic growth, which could benefit many other industries. The Dow Jones industrial average jumped 186.55 points, or 0.9 percent, to 20,071.46. The Standard & Poor’s 500 index advanced 16.57 points, or 0.7 percent, to 2,297.42. The Nasdaq composite picked up 30.57 points, or 0.5 percent, to close at a record high of 5,666.77. The Russell 2000 index of smaller-company stocks climbed 20.41 points, or 1.5 percent, to 1,377.84. Smaller, domestically-focused companies may have more to gain than their larger peers from faster growth in the U.S. The Russell made big gains at the end of 2016 based on those hopes. Today, Trump directed the Treasury Secretary to look for potential changes to the Dodd-Frank law, which reshaped financial regulations after the 2008-09 financial crisis. The order does not have any immediate impact, but investors applauded its intent. Trump also signed a memorandum that delayed an Obama-era rule that requires financial professionals who charge commissions to put their clients’ interests first when giving advice on retirement investments. JPMorgan Chase added $2.59, or 3.1 percent, to $87.18 and Goldman Sachs rose $10.54, or 4.6 percent, to $240.95. Morgan Stanley gained $2.30, or 5.5 percent, to $44.43. Smaller banks, which could find it easier to lend money if regulations are cut, also traded higher. Texas Capital Bancshares picked up $2.85, or 3.4 percent, to $86.10 and East West Bancorp rose $2.26, or 4.5 percent, to $52.72. U.S. employers added 227,000 jobs in January, according to the Labor Department. That’s more than last year’s average monthly gain of 187,000. The unemployment rate ticked up to a low 4.8 percent from 4.7 percent in December as more people started looking for work. That helped smaller companies and industrial stocks, both of which would benefit from faster economic growth. Visa said shoppers stepped up their use of debit and credit cards in the latest quarter, and the payment processing company also benefited from its acquisition of Visa Europe. Its profit and revenue were stronger than analysts expected, and Visa’s stock jumped $3.78, or 4.6 percent, to $86.08. Online retail giant Amazon traded lower as investors grew concerned about its sales. The company’s fourth-quarter sales fell short of analyst estimates, and so did its forecast for revenue in the current quarter. The stock gave up $29.75, or 3.5 percent, to $810.20. Macy’s stock soared after the Wall Street Journal reported that Hudson’s Bay Co., the owner of Saks Fifth Avenue, could buy the department store chain. The companies declined to comment. Macy’s jumped $1.97, or 6.4 percent, to $32.69. The stock has been trading around five-year lows. Hudson’s Bay stock rose almost 4 percent in Toronto. Biotech drugmaker Amgen disclosed a bigger profit and better sales than analysts had expected. It also reported results from a study that showed its new cholesterol drug Repatha reduced the risk of death, heart attack and stroke in patients with advanced atherosclerotic cardiovascular disease. That could help boost prescriptions for the drug. Amgen jumped $7.95, or 5 percent, to $167.53. Underwear, t-shirt and sock maker Hanesbrands announced surprisingly weak holiday sales and gave disappointing projections for the year. Its stock slumped $3.73, or 16.4 percent, to $18.98, its lowest price in almost three years. Bond prices wobbled, then turned higher. The yield on the 10-year Treasury note fell to 2.47 percent from 2.48 percent. Benchmark U.S. crude added 29 cents to $53.83 a barrel in New York. Brent crude, used to price international oils, added 25 cents to $56.81 a barrel in London. Gold inched up $1.40 to $1,220.80 an ounce. Silver added 5 cents to $17.48 an ounce. Copper lost 7 cents, or 2.6 percent, to $2.62 a pound. In other energy trading, wholesale gasoline rose 2 cents to $1.55 a gallon. Heating oil picked up 1 cent to $1.67 a gallon. Natural gas dropped 12 cents, or 3.9 percent, to $3.06 per 1,000 cubic feet. The dollar rose to 112.96 yen from 112.70 yen. The euro inched up to $1.0765 from $1.0764. France’s CAC 40 jumped 0.6 percent. The British FTSE 100 rose 0.7 percent while Germany’s DAX added 0.2 percent. The Nikkei 225 in Tokyo finish almost unchanged and Seoul’s Kospi added 0.1 percent. The Hang Seng in Hong Kong shed 0.2 percent. Related Items Donald Trump , united states , north america , East Asia , Asia , Amazon.com Inc , Visa Inc , morgan stanley , Hudson's Bay Co , Amgen Inc , Macy's Inc Click to comment Guidelines: Please keep your comments smart and civil. Don't attack other readers personally, and keep your language decent. Comments that violate these standards, or our privacy statement or visitor's agreement, are subject to being removed and commenters are subject to being banned. To post comments, you must be a registered user on toledoblade.com. To find out more, please visit the FAQ. Quis autem vel eum iure reprehenderit qui in ea voluptate velit esse quam nihil molestiae consequatur, vel illum qui dolorem? Temporibus autem quibusdam et aut officiis debitis aut rerum necessitatibus saepe eveniet. Copyright © 2015 Toledo Blade News Toggle All Local East North South West State Nation World Politics Police & Fire Religion Medical Education Technology Courts Deaths Weather Daily Log Special Reports Sports Toggle All High School BGSU Ohio State Michigan UT Mud Hens Walleye Golf Scoreboard A&E Toggle All Art Books Culture Movies Food Music-Theater-Dance Peach Weekender Restaurant Reviews TV-Radio Frogtown Gardening TV Listings Business Toggle All Automotive Economy Energy Stock Market Real Estate Real Estate Transfers Retail Opinion Toggle All Editorial Cartoons Editorials Op-Ed Columns Columnists Letters to the Editor Our Towns Toggle All Bedford Township Holland Maumee Northwood Oregon Ottawa Hills Perrysburg Rossford Springfield Township Sylvania Photo Galleries Weekly Gallery 2017 Videos Hot Topics Blogs Weather Submit Letter to Editor User Commenting Guidelines To Top Fetching stories…
Home Mail Flickr Tumblr News Sports Finance Celebrity Answers Groups Mobile More Yahoo Search Search Skip to Navigation Skip to Main Content Skip to Related Content 0 Mail News Home Follow Us US World Politics Tech Science Odd News ABC News Yahoo Originals Katie Couric Matt Bai Trump attacks restrictions on big banks, retirement advisers Jill Colvin and Marcy Gordon, Associated Press Associated PressFebruary 4, 2017 Reblog Share Tweet Pin it Share WASHINGTON (AP) -- President Donald Trump has launched his long-promised attack on banking rules that were rushed into law after the nation's economic crisis, signing new orders after meeting with business and investment chiefs and pledging further action to free big banks from restrictions. Wall Street cheered him on, but Trump risks disillusioning his working-class voters. On Friday he directed his Treasury secretary to review the devilishly complex 2010 Dodd-Frank financial oversight law, which was signed by President Barack Obama to overhaul regulations after the financial and housing crisis of the past decade. It aimed to restrain banks' from misdeeds that many blamed for the crisis. The new president also signed a memorandum instructing the Labor Department to delay an Obama-era rule that requires financial professionals who charge commissions to put their clients' best interests first when giving advice on retirement investments. While the order on Dodd-Frank, named after its Democratic sponsors, won't have an immediate impact, Trump's intent is clear. The law has been a disaster in restricting banks' activities, he said earlier this week. "We're going to be doing a big number on Dodd-Frank." During a meeting with business leaders, including JPMorgan Chase CEO Jamie Dimon on Friday, he said, "Frankly I have so many people, friends of mine that have nice businesses that can't borrow money. They just can't get any money because the banks just won't let 'em borrow because of the rules and regulations of Dodd-Frank." Those regulations unnecessarily cramp the U.S. economy and job creation, he declared. But many Democrats see it differently, including Sen. Elizabeth Warren, who was behind the formation of the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau, formed as part of the Dodd-Frank law. "Donald Trump talked a big game about Wall Street during his campaign — but as president, we're finding out whose side he's really on," Warren said in a statement. "The Wall Street bankers and lobbyists whose greed and recklessness nearly destroyed this country may be toasting each other with champagne, but the American people have not forgotten the 2008 financial crisis — and they will not forget what happened today." The crisis touched off the worst recession since the 1930s Great Depression, wiping out $11 trillion in U.S. household wealth and leaving about 8 million Americans jobless. U.S. taxpayers funded multibillion-dollar bailouts of Wall Street mega-banks, smaller banks across the country and other financial firms. Eight years on, the economy's recovery has been halting, a situation that contributed to Trump's election. Beyond being fed up with bailouts, consumers have an interest in the Financial Protection Bureau, which expanded regulators' ability to police a wide array of financial products and services. During his campaign, Trump pledged to repeal and replace the law, but he also railed against Wall Street excess and vowed to hold the industry accountable for the crisis. His rhetoric left questions about how closely he would align with the financial services industries' years-long fight to undo regulations they view as burdensome. Since winning the White House, Trump has cleared up some of those questions. He has filled his administration with millionaires and financiers and signed the orders after meeting with top CEOs and banking executives. In his other action Friday, Trump's presidential memorandum on financial advisers delayed implementation of the past administration's "fiduciary rule," aimed at blocking consultants from steering clients toward investments with higher commissions and fees that can eat away at retirement savings. The rule was to take effect in April. The financial services industry argues that the rule would limit retirees' investment choices by forcing asset managers to steer them to low-risk options. Meanwhile, unwinding most of Dodd-Frank will require legislation, and on Capitol Hill the Republicans' yearning to cut it down is as strong as ever. But tax reform, reworking "Obamacare" and other issues are more immediate priorities, some Republicans suggest. Further, the big Wall Street banks already have baked in many of the Dodd-Frank rules and aren't clamoring to unwind all of them. Aiming lower, in the pre-dawn hours of Friday, Congress passed and sent to Trump for his signature legislation striking down a rule that requires oil and gas companies to disclose payments to the U.S. or foreign governments for commercial development. Critics warn that rolling back the Dodd-Frank regulations would put the economy at risk. "You can blow up the financial system and really crush the American economy. I think that's where they're headed," said Michael S. Barr, a former assistant treasury secretary for financial institutions and a key architect of the law. The Consumer Financial Protection Bureau is a prime target within the law for Republican lawmakers, who have long accused it of overreach. But there are political risks in Trump taking a hatchet to a watchdog agency focused on protecting ordinary consumers against abusive practices by banks, mortgage companies, credit card issuers, payday lenders, debt collectors and others. Over five years, the agency says, it has recovered $11.7 billion that it returned to more than 27 million harmed consumers. "You could expect pushback, that this is about favoring Wall Street over Main Street," said Phillip Swagel, an assistant Treasury secretary for economic policy in the George W. Bush administration. Going after the bureau, Barr said, would likely hurt consumers, "including some of President Trump's strongest supporters." __ Follow Colvin on Twitter at https://twitter.com/colvinj Reblog Share Tweet Pin it Share What to Read Next Hundreds of immigrants arrested in 'routine' U.S. enforcement surge 8079 messages7%71%22% Wall Street "Poster Boy" Makes A Big Prediction Banyan HillSponsored Behind the Scenes with 'Newsies' Cast Filming Show Live 1 messages Teen receives extremely blunt job rejection, fights back on Twitter 3117 messages5%73%22% #2 of 10 Most Popular News Galleries of 2016: 9/11: Then and now - 15 years later 1277 messages5%58%37% Checkout the New Look of the 2016 Sienna Your Local Toyota DealerSponsored Shaq Dunks Cookies with His Mind, Talks Mental Toughness ‘Cash Me Ousside’ Girl Tells Dr. Phil That She Made Him Famous 203 messages3%72%25% Nordstrom Respond to President Trump's Angry Tweet 1283 messages4%70%26% Feel the Danger - Collide In Theaters Feb 24th CollideSponsored Maryland Mom Pleads Guilty in Beating Death of 9-Year-Old Son For Eating Piece of Birthday Cake 2516 messages5%56%39% #8 of 10 Most Popular News Galleries of 2016: Deadly attack at Istanbul's Ataturk Airport 1073 messages9%23%68% Larry Birkhead on Relationship with Anna Nicole Smith, Raising Their Daughter 1 messages Expansive Living Between Dover & the Beaches Ryan HomesSponsored We're up to six Patriots players who have publicly said they won't visit the White House 7993 messages5%65%30% Rosamund Pike Rips Her Dress Live on The Tonight Show: ‘I Might Have Just Fallen Apart From Behind!’ 194 messages8%71%21% Protests Erupt in Los Angeles Following Reports of Immigration Raids D J: if you are here illlegally, YOU ARE A CRIMINAL. PERIOD. You have broken the law. Join the Conversation 1 / 5 2.9k Help Privacy Suggestions About our Ads Terms
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy   Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance CareTrust REIT Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for CareTrust REIT Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Blackrock Throgmorton Trust PLC (THRG) Increases Dividend to GBX 6.25 Per Share Pattern Energy Group Inc. (PEGI) Stock Rating Lowered by Zacks Investment Research Analysts Issue Forecasts for Akamai Technologies, Inc.’s Q1 2017 Earnings (AKAM) Allergan PLC. (AGN) Forecasted to Post Q1 2017 Earnings of $3.55 Per Share AngioDynamics, Inc. (ANGO) Receives $16.63 Average Target Price from Brokerages Sanatana Resources Inc (STA) Director Peter Leighton Miles Purchases 372,000 Shares of Stock Alexander & Baldwin Holdings, Inc. (ALEX) Director Stanley M. Kuriyama Sells 4,250 Shares Nicholas Financial, Inc. (NICK) Major Shareholder Magnolia Capital Fund, Lp Purchases 19,196 Shares Brokerages Anticipate Air Methods Corporation (AIRM) to Post $0.61 Earnings Per Share Owens Corning Inc (OC) Upgraded to Hold by Zacks Investment Research Avon Products, Inc. (AVP) Forecasted to Post Q1 2017 Earnings of $0.05 Per Share Analysts Offer Predictions for Camden Property Trust’s Q1 2017 Earnings (CPT) Jefferies Group Comments on CenturyLink, Inc.’s Q1 2017 Earnings (CTL) Brokerages Set Computer Programs and Systems, Inc. (CPSI) Price Target at $34.55 Seaport Global Securities Brokers Cut Earnings Estimates for Diamond Offshore Drilling, Inc. (DO) Daniel Kerzner Sells 36,000 Shares of Alarm.com Holdings, Inc. (ALRM) Stock Elissa Fink Sells 5,000 Shares of Tableau Software, Inc. (DATA) Stock Eaton Vance Tax-Managed Global Buy-Write (ETW) to Issue $0.10 Monthly Dividend Fiserv, Inc. to Post Q1 2017 Earnings of $1.18 Per Share, SunTrust Banks Forecasts (FISV) Marriott International (MAR) Receives $83.98 Average Target Price from Brokerages Analysts Set CareTrust REIT, Inc. (CTRE) Price Target at $15.10 February 4th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Stacy Sanders Filed Under: Consensus Rating Articles - Finance Tweet Shares of CareTrust REIT, Inc. (NASDAQ:CTRE) have been given a consensus recommendation of “Hold” by the ten ratings firms that are presently covering the firm. Six research analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and four have assigned a buy rating to the company. The average 1-year price objective among analysts that have issued a report on the stock in the last year is $15.10. CTRE has been the topic of a number of analyst reports. Barclays PLC reiterated a “hold” rating and issued a $16.00 target price on shares of CareTrust REIT in a research report on Thursday, November 3rd. RBC Capital Markets cut shares of CareTrust REIT from an “outperform” rating to a “sector perform” rating and set a $16.00 price objective on the stock. in a research report on Tuesday, January 3rd. They noted that the move was a valuation call. Canaccord Genuity restated a “buy” rating on shares of CareTrust REIT in a research report on Thursday, November 3rd. JMP Securities restated a “hold” rating on shares of CareTrust REIT in a research report on Tuesday, November 22nd. Finally, Zacks Investment Research cut shares of CareTrust REIT from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating in a research report on Thursday, November 10th. TRADEMARK VIOLATION WARNING: “Analysts Set CareTrust REIT, Inc. (CTRE) Price Target at $15.10” was originally posted by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are viewing this story on another domain, it was stolen and republished in violation of US and international trademark & copyright legislation. The correct version of this story can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/02/04/analysts-set-caretrust-reit-inc-ctre-price-target-at-15-10.html. Large investors have recently made changes to their positions in the stock. UBS Asset Management Americas Inc. raised its stake in shares of CareTrust REIT by 15.8% in the second quarter. UBS Asset Management Americas Inc. now owns 33,752 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock worth $465,000 after buying an additional 4,600 shares during the last quarter. Nationwide Fund Advisors raised its stake in shares of CareTrust REIT by 20.9% in the second quarter. Nationwide Fund Advisors now owns 37,835 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock worth $521,000 after buying an additional 6,538 shares during the last quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. raised its stake in shares of CareTrust REIT by 2,543.1% in the second quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 197,068 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock worth $2,716,000 after buying an additional 189,612 shares during the last quarter. Opus Capital Group LLC raised its stake in shares of CareTrust REIT by 2.8% in the second quarter. Opus Capital Group LLC now owns 412,452 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock worth $5,684,000 after buying an additional 11,225 shares during the last quarter. Finally, First Trust Advisors LP raised its stake in shares of CareTrust REIT by 50.6% in the second quarter. First Trust Advisors LP now owns 22,997 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock worth $317,000 after buying an additional 7,727 shares during the last quarter. 75.98% of the stock is currently owned by hedge funds and other institutional investors. CareTrust REIT (NASDAQ:CTRE) opened at 15.21 on Wednesday. The stock’s 50 day moving average is $15.34 and its 200-day moving average is $14.65. CareTrust REIT has a 52-week low of $9.12 and a 52-week high of $15.88. The company has a market cap of $883.37 million, a PE ratio of 31.30 and a beta of 0.93. The business also recently announced a quarterly dividend, which was paid on Friday, January 13th. Stockholders of record on Saturday, December 31st were paid a dividend of $0.17 per share. This represents a $0.68 dividend on an annualized basis and a dividend yield of 4.47%. The ex-dividend date of this dividend was Wednesday, December 28th. CareTrust REIT Company Profile CareTrust REIT, Inc is a self-administered, self-managed real estate investment trust (REIT). The Company is primarily engaged in the ownership, acquisition and leasing of healthcare-related properties. The Company’s segment consists of investments in healthcare-related real estate assets. The Company’s real estate portfolio includes approximately 120 skilled nursing facilities (SNFs), assisted living facilities (ALFs) and independent living facilities (ILFs). Receive News & Ratings for CareTrust REIT Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for CareTrust REIT Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News White House Announces Conway Was Counseled Warren Receives Support After GOP Formally Silences Her Report: Trump Was Not Completely Briefed on Bannon NSC Seat Justice Department Will Challenge Stop to Travel Ban President Trump Cancels Harley-Davidson Trip Due to Possible Protests © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
WSJ WSJ LIVE WSJ Live on Facebook WSJ Live on Twitter MARKETWATCH MarketWatch on Facebook MarketWatch on Twitter BARRON'S <h4>Barrons on Facebook</h4><div style="border: none; padding: 2px 3px;" class="fb-like" data-href="http://www.facebook.com/barronsonline" data-send="false" data-layout="button_count" data-width="250" data-show-faces="false" data-action="recommend"></div> <h4>Barrons on Twitter</h4><a href="https://twitter.com/barronsonline" class="twitter-follow-button" data-show-count="true">Follow @barronsonline</a> DJX Product X on Facebook Product X on Twitter RT F R&C PE&VC WSJ B MORE Mansion Global WSJ Secure BigCharts Financial News Professor Journal Realtor.com Student Journal Virtual Stock Exchange WSJ Classifieds WSJ Classrooms WSJ Wine Search Asia Edition U.S. Edition   Subscribe Log In Home Magazine This Week's Edition Past Editions New: Cartoons Daily All Coverage Barron's Take Weekday Trader Up & Down Wall St. Daily Getting Technical Striking Price Daily Wall Street's Best Minds Read This, Spike That Stocks to Watch Today Asia Stocks to Watch Income Investing Tech Trader Daily Focus on Funds Emerging Markets Q&A Video Center Investing Ideas Overview Barron's Picks & Pans Mutual Funds / ETFs Hedge Funds Stocks Center Commodities Center Bonds Center Options Center Barron's Take Weekday Trader Stock Alert Inside Scoop Ahead of the Crowd Focus on Funds Stocks to Watch Today Barron's Roundtable Advisor Center Overview Top 100 Advisors Top 100 Women Advisors Top 100 Independent Advisors Top 1,200 Advisors Advisor Profiles Market Data Market Data Center Market Lab Economic Calendar Watchlist Stock Grader Stock & Fund Tables Barron's 400 PENTA Penta Magazine Penta Daily Penta Archives Barron's NEXT The Trader Dow Holds On to 20,000—by the Skin of Its Teeth Trump whipsaws the market, then comes to its rescue. But don’t assume next move is up. Plus, insurers, value stocks, retail woes. By Ben Levisohn Biography February 4, 2017 Vital Signs The Dow Jones Industrial Average needed a strong finish on Friday to end the week right back where it had started—above 20,000. Stocks began the week on the wrong foot, with the Dow dropping 229.65 points on Monday and Tuesday. Whether because the market was reacting to President Donald Trump’s travel ban, as some observers... Get The Full Story Subscribe   or   Log In Want to participate in the discussion? Already a subscriber? Log in for complete access. Powered by Livefyre Most Popular 1. What’s Apple to Do with $246 Billion in Cash? Subscriber Content Read Preview 2. 12 Stocks to Benefit Most From the House Tax Plan Subscriber Content Read Preview 3. Why You Want to Own Tesla Now Subscriber Content Read Preview 4. The One Thing You Have that Warren Buffett Doesn’t Subscriber Content Read Preview 5. Forget India, the New Big Thing Is Right Next Door Subscriber Content Read Preview See Full List Latest Market Videos 1 Barron's Buzz: The Best Fund Families of 2016 2 Is Under Armour Asking for a Backlash? 3 Twitter Posts 10th Straight Quarter of Lower Revenue Barron's Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn YouTube RSS Feed AppStore Google Play Return to Top« Customer Service Customer Center Contact Us Live Help Refer Your Friends to Barron's and Get Rewarded. Learn More Create an Account Subscribe to Barron's Magazine Subscribers: Activate Your Digital Access About Barrons.com Advertising Masthead Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Data Policy Copyright Policy Subscriber Agreement & Terms of Use Your Ad Choices Community Guidelines Also From Barron's Conferences Reprints Classifieds College Program Find a Broker Barron's in Japanese Tools & Services Mobile Site Email Newsletters Barron's on iPad/iPhone Barron's on Android Watchlist Video Annual Reports StockGrader Barron's 400 Economic Calendar Stock & Mutual Fund Listings Commodities, Options & Annuities Listings Fund Prospectuses ACAP Enabled Copyright ©2017 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
Login Subscriptions e-Edition eNewsletters Classifieds Real Estate Jobs × Toggle navigation Toggle Search News News Home Local Northwest Politics Schools Crime Nation & World Weather Traffic Press Talk Health Photo Galleries Video Podcasts Submit Newstip Recent Headlines Child porn brings man 46 months Woman sentenced in man’s overdose death Son accused of theft, allowing woman’s death Police release suspect images in Vancouver card thefts Growing our Future: A taste of a food industry worth developing Some Comcast phone users can’t make calls, including 911 Vancouver police shoot, kill suspected car thief after altercation   Camas students chosen to attend U.N. Commission on the Status of Women Oregon man sentenced in underage police sting State AG office seeks to civilly commit convicted sex offender Future of Housing Summit doesn’t sugarcoat situation Clark County has big housing problems. Housing has become too expensive and ill-suited for an aging population, and the industry… Sports Sports Home Local Preps Seahawks Blazers College Soccer Nation & World Community Outdoors Micah Rice Recent Sports Headlines High school scoreboard 2-11 Freshman sparks Washougal girls to district win Fast start not enough for Prairie boys in loss Newest Mariners on board as spring training arrives Boys basketball: Evergreen 98, Bonney Lake 72 Girls basketball: La Center 64, Tenino 17 Girls basketball: Black Hills 75, Columbia River 34 Camas girls first to secure berth to state with win Girls basketball: W.F. West 73, Woodland 51 Girls basketball: Hoquiam 50, Seton Catholic 47 (OT) Union’s hot hand is Reznick in bi-district win The winning formula with the Union boys basketball team come playoff time is no different than another regular-season game, really,… Business Business Home Local Strictly Business Real Estate Legal Notices Recent Business Stories ‘We are against a travel ban,’ Under Armour says Construction firm cited for $200K in safety violations Massage studio franchise to open Monday Growing our Future: A taste of a food industry worth developing Sears looks to cut $1B in 2017 Cars made in Mexico are popular in U.S. Boeing wins $13.8 billion wide-body jet order from Singapore Air Report: Trump travel ban cost $185M in bookings Stock indexes extend climb to record heights ESI will restructure, closing sites cutting jobs Cars made in Mexico are popular in U.S. DETROIT — Some of America’s most popular cars and trucks are made in Mexico — for now. Life Life Home Local Weekend Events Food Dining Out Submit a Milestone Pets Podcasts Movie Listings Recent Life Stories Felines going to the dog show, though not for the competition Oscar-nominated short films share big screen at Kiggins, Liberty theaters Theater companies brighten gloomy time of year with love and laughs George’s Molon Lave Greek at its brightest Irwin embraces goofy side in ‘Legion’ Go: Valentine’s dance, Lantern festivities, I-5 Bridge birthday Watch for these at New York ‘Cold Justice’ moves to network with new focus Women rally to parody Trump team on ‘SNL’ Gaga’s half-time show mirrors ‘Simpsons’ Theater companies brighten gloomy time of year with love and laughs The Big War was travel enough for Gus Klingman. He came home to New Jersey and stayed put. After his… Opinion Opinion Home Editorials Letters to the Editor Columns Greg Jayne Endorsements Editorial Cartoons Polls Forums Recent Opinion Stories In Our View: On Education, Stay Focused Robinson: Governing by temper tantrum a threat to the world Letter: Vote ‘yes’ on Battle Ground levy Letter: Don’t be fooled; we’ll pay for wall Letter: Ignore Trump subterfuge Letter: Herrera Beutler makes right call Letter: Liberals are whining. Sad! Letter: Vote ‘no’ on Battle Ground levy In Our View: Good Start on Bridge Talk Cepeda: Math is hard but telling kids that won’t help them learn Editorial Cartoons: Feb. 5-11 Blogs Staff Blogs Home All Politics is Local Blazer Banter Cannabis Chronicles Clark County Faces Digital Desk High School Sports HealthBeat History Recent Blog Posts Community Cat Tales Corks and Forks FYI98642 Home Made Gardening with Allen Paleo Mama Portland Timbers Sherri McMillan Small Plates Sugar and Spice Neighbors Neighbors Garage Sales Datacenter Events Vital Statistics Death Notices Reader Photos Farm Fresh Clubs and Organizations Community News Spills cause slippery situation for Vancouver businesses   Everybody Has a Story: Very Special Valentine’s Meal leaves a bad taste Battle Ground boy gives back to Second Chance Companions Students, library dress up for fancy lunch Students build creativity with Women in Construction Oregon aquarium teaches students about tide pool creatures Washougal kitchens earn clean reports Vancouver branch cleans up during holiday drive Middle schooler spends week as legislative page Spotlight on Youth Spills cause slippery situation for Vancouver businesses Back-to-back spills of liquid substances in an alleyway in Uptown Village recently left some neighborhood businesses fuming. Obituaries Obituary Home Submit Paid Obituary Submit Free Death Notice More Blogs Neighbors Obituaries Business Directory Weekly Deals Best of Clark County Place an Ad Classifieds Legal Notices Jobs Wheels Real Estate Login | Subscribe News News Home Local Northwest Politics Schools Crime Nation & World Weather Traffic Press Talk Health Photo Galleries Video Podcasts Submit Newstip Subscriptions e-Edition eNewsletters Sports Sports Home Local Preps Seahawks Blazers College Soccer Nation & World Community Outdoors Micah Rice Business Business Home Local Strictly Business Economic Forecast Real Estate Legal Notices Life Life Home Local Weekend Events Food Dining Out Submit a Milestone Pets Podcasts Movie Listings Opinion Opinion Home Editorials Letters to the Editor Columns Greg Jayne Endorsements Editorial Cartoons Polls Forums Blogs All Politics is Local Blazer Banter Preps HealthBeat All Blogs Neighbors Neighbors Garage Sales Datacenter Events Vital Statistics Death Notices Reader Photos Farm Fresh Clubs and Organizations Obituaries Obituary Home Submit Paid Obituary Submit Free Death Notice More Find a Business Weekly Deals Place an Ad Classifieds Legal Notices Jobs Wheels Real Estate Trump goes after restraints on banks He also delayed rule that requires financial advisers to put clients’ interests first President Donald Trump holds up an executive order on reviewing the 2010 Dodd-Frank financial oversight law after he signed the order Friday in the Oval Office. (PABLO MARTINEZ MONSIVAIS/Associated Press) By JILL COLVIN and MARCY GORDON, Associated Press Published: February 3, 2017, 11:44 PM A   A WASHINGTON — President Donald Trump launched his long-promised attack Friday on banking rules that were rushed into law after the nation’s economic crisis, signing new orders after meeting with business and investment chiefs and pledging further action to free big banks from restrictions. Wall Street cheered him on, but Trump risks disillusioning his working-class voters. He directed his Treasury secretary to review the devilishly complex 2010 Dodd-Frank financial oversight law, which was signed by President Barack Obama to overhaul regulations after the financial and housing crisis of the past decade. It aimed to restrain banks’ from misdeeds that many blamed for the crisis. The new president also signed a memorandum instructing the Labor Department to delay an Obama-era rule that requires financial professionals who charge commissions to put their clients’ best interests first when giving advice on retirement investments. While the order on Dodd-Frank, named after its Democratic sponsors, won’t have an immediate impact, Trump’s intent is clear. The law has been a disaster in restricting banks’ activities, he said earlier this week. “We’re going to be doing a big number on Dodd-Frank.” During a meeting with business leaders, including JPMorgan Chase CEO Jamie Dimon on Friday, he said, “Frankly I have so many people, friends of mine that have nice businesses that can’t borrow money. They just can’t get any money because the banks just won’t let ’em borrow because of the rules and regulations of Dodd-Frank.” Those regulations unnecessarily cramp the U.S. economy and job creation, he declared. But many Democrats see it differently, including Sen. Elizabeth Warren, who was behind the formation of the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau, formed as part of the Dodd-Frank law. “Donald Trump talked a big game about Wall Street during his campaign — but as president, we’re finding out whose side he’s really on,” Warren said in a statement. “The Wall Street bankers and lobbyists whose greed and recklessness nearly destroyed this country may be toasting each other with champagne, but the American people have not forgotten the 2008 financial crisis — and they will not forget what happened today.” The crisis touched off the worst recession since the 1930s Great Depression, wiping out $11 trillion in U.S. household wealth and leaving about 8 million Americans jobless. U.S. taxpayers funded multibillion-dollar bailouts of Wall Street mega-banks, smaller banks across the country and other financial firms. Eight years on, the economy’s recovery has been halting, a situation that contributed to Trump’s election. Beyond being fed up with bailouts, consumers have an interest in the Financial Protection Bureau, which expanded regulators’ ability to police a wide array of financial products and services. During his campaign, Trump pledged to repeal and replace the law, but he also railed against Wall Street excess and vowed to hold the industry accountable for the crisis. His rhetoric left questions about how closely he would align with the financial services industries’ years-long fight to undo regulations they view as burdensome. Since winning the White House, Trump has cleared up some of those questions. He has filled his administration with millionaires and financiers and signed the orders after meeting with top CEOs and banking executives. In his other action Friday, Trump’s presidential memorandum on financial advisers delayed implementation of the past administration’s “fiduciary rule,” aimed at blocking consultants from steering clients toward investments with higher commissions and fees that can eat away at retirement savings. Please take a second to review our community guidelinesCommunity guidelines Blogs Staff Blogs Home All Politics is Local Blazer Banter Brews in Clark Cannabis Chronicles Clark County Faces Digital Desk Family Room Ghost Stories High School Sports HealthBeat History Political Beat Tailgate Talk Community It's the Fair! Corks and Forks Local+Arts = Community FYI98642 Home Made Gardening with Allen Health Notes Mother Bird Portland Timbers Sated Sensitive Sherri McMillan Small Plates Sugar and Spice Vancouveater more Subscriber Services Contact Us Subscribe Home Delivery Issues Delivery Opportunities Archives e-Edition Tour the e-Edition eNewsletters RSS Help / Submissions Send us a News Tip or Photo Send a Letter to the Editor Submit an Event Have you seen? Clark County History Newspapers in Education Advertise with us Advertising Classifieds Online Jobs Place an Ad Real Estate Community Partnership Neighborhood Beats Battle Ground Camas-Washougal Hazel Dell North County Ridgefield Salmon Creek-Felida Vancouver Community Resources Places of Worship Resource Guide Events Calendar Most Searched Archives Best of Clark County Coupons Clubs and Organizations Death Notices Legal Notices Obituaries Rentals Vital Statistics Weather Connect Facebook Twitter Apps Galleries Videos Digital Services Web Design SEO Visibility Management Search Facebook Twitter YouTube RSS Subscribe Report Bug Privacy Policy Terms of Service Community Guidelines Columbian Publishing Company Careers Copyright 2017 Columbian.com. All rights reserved. Use of this site constitutes acceptance of our user agreement.
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy   Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance United Bankshares Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for United Bankshares Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Blackrock Throgmorton Trust PLC (THRG) Increases Dividend to GBX 6.25 Per Share Pattern Energy Group Inc. (PEGI) Stock Rating Lowered by Zacks Investment Research Analysts Issue Forecasts for Akamai Technologies, Inc.’s Q1 2017 Earnings (AKAM) Allergan PLC. (AGN) Forecasted to Post Q1 2017 Earnings of $3.55 Per Share AngioDynamics, Inc. (ANGO) Receives $16.63 Average Target Price from Brokerages Sanatana Resources Inc (STA) Director Peter Leighton Miles Purchases 372,000 Shares of Stock Alexander & Baldwin Holdings, Inc. (ALEX) Director Stanley M. Kuriyama Sells 4,250 Shares Nicholas Financial, Inc. (NICK) Major Shareholder Magnolia Capital Fund, Lp Purchases 19,196 Shares Brokerages Anticipate Air Methods Corporation (AIRM) to Post $0.61 Earnings Per Share Owens Corning Inc (OC) Upgraded to Hold by Zacks Investment Research Avon Products, Inc. (AVP) Forecasted to Post Q1 2017 Earnings of $0.05 Per Share Analysts Offer Predictions for Camden Property Trust’s Q1 2017 Earnings (CPT) Jefferies Group Comments on CenturyLink, Inc.’s Q1 2017 Earnings (CTL) Brokerages Set Computer Programs and Systems, Inc. (CPSI) Price Target at $34.55 Seaport Global Securities Brokers Cut Earnings Estimates for Diamond Offshore Drilling, Inc. (DO) Daniel Kerzner Sells 36,000 Shares of Alarm.com Holdings, Inc. (ALRM) Stock Elissa Fink Sells 5,000 Shares of Tableau Software, Inc. (DATA) Stock Eaton Vance Tax-Managed Global Buy-Write (ETW) to Issue $0.10 Monthly Dividend Fiserv, Inc. to Post Q1 2017 Earnings of $1.18 Per Share, SunTrust Banks Forecasts (FISV) Marriott International (MAR) Receives $83.98 Average Target Price from Brokerages Equities Analysts Set Expectations for United Bankshares, Inc.’s Q1 2017 Earnings (UBSI) February 4th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Patrick Bannon Filed Under: Analyst Articles - Estimates - Finance Tweet United Bankshares, Inc. (NASDAQ:UBSI) – Equities researchers at Boenning Scattergood raised their Q1 2017 earnings estimates for shares of United Bankshares in a note issued to investors on Wednesday. Boenning Scattergood analyst M. Schultheis now anticipates that the brokerage will post earnings of $0.50 per share for the quarter, up from their prior estimate of $0.49. Boenning Scattergood currently has a “Underperform” rating and a $38.50 price target on the stock. United Bankshares (NASDAQ:UBSI) last issued its quarterly earnings results on Tuesday, January 31st. The financial services provider reported $0.51 EPS for the quarter, hitting the consensus estimate of $0.51. United Bankshares had a net margin of 27.22% and a return on equity of 7.34%. The business had revenue of $130 million for the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $127.44 million. During the same quarter last year, the company posted $0.48 earnings per share. The company’s quarterly revenue was up 11.1% compared to the same quarter last year. TRADEMARK VIOLATION NOTICE: “Equities Analysts Set Expectations for United Bankshares, Inc.’s Q1 2017 Earnings (UBSI)” was reported by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are viewing this piece of content on another site, it was copied illegally and republished in violation of US & international trademark and copyright law. The legal version of this piece of content can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/02/04/equities-analysts-set-expectations-for-united-bankshares-inc-s-q1-2017-earnings-ubsi.html. Separately, Zacks Investment Research upgraded shares of United Bankshares from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $52.00 price target for the company in a report on Wednesday, December 28th. United Bankshares (NASDAQ:UBSI) opened at 44.55 on Friday. The company has a market cap of $3.61 billion, a PE ratio of 22.39 and a beta of 1.04. United Bankshares has a one year low of $32.22 and a one year high of $49.35. The firm has a 50-day moving average of $45.24 and a 200-day moving average of $41.26. A number of hedge funds and other institutional investors have recently made changes to their positions in the company. Huntington National Bank boosted its stake in shares of United Bankshares by 34.3% in the second quarter. Huntington National Bank now owns 49,927 shares of the financial services provider’s stock worth $1,873,000 after buying an additional 12,753 shares in the last quarter. McKinley Carter Wealth Services Inc. boosted its stake in shares of United Bankshares by 1.7% in the second quarter. McKinley Carter Wealth Services Inc. now owns 17,675 shares of the financial services provider’s stock worth $663,000 after buying an additional 297 shares in the last quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. boosted its stake in shares of United Bankshares by 195.2% in the second quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 83,363 shares of the financial services provider’s stock worth $3,127,000 after buying an additional 55,121 shares in the last quarter. UBS Asset Management Americas Inc. boosted its stake in shares of United Bankshares by 1.4% in the second quarter. UBS Asset Management Americas Inc. now owns 42,808 shares of the financial services provider’s stock worth $1,606,000 after buying an additional 588 shares in the last quarter. Finally, Victory Capital Management Inc. boosted its stake in shares of United Bankshares by 77.3% in the second quarter. Victory Capital Management Inc. now owns 2,962 shares of the financial services provider’s stock worth $111,000 after buying an additional 1,291 shares in the last quarter. Institutional investors and hedge funds own 54.35% of the company’s stock. TRADEMARK VIOLATION NOTICE: “Equities Analysts Set Expectations for United Bankshares, Inc.’s Q1 2017 Earnings (UBSI)” was reported by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are viewing this piece of content on another site, it was copied illegally and republished in violation of US & international trademark and copyright law. The legal version of this piece of content can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/02/04/equities-analysts-set-expectations-for-united-bankshares-inc-s-q1-2017-earnings-ubsi.html. In related news, Director Peter A. Converse sold 21,000 shares of the stock in a transaction on Tuesday, November 15th. The shares were sold at an average price of $44.92, for a total transaction of $943,320.00. Following the completion of the transaction, the director now owns 598,882 shares in the company, valued at $26,901,779.44. The sale was disclosed in a filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is accessible through the SEC website. Also, Director Michael P. Fitzgerald sold 79,586 shares of the stock in a transaction on Wednesday, November 16th. The stock was sold at an average price of $45.06, for a total transaction of $3,586,145.16. Following the transaction, the director now owns 272,067 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $12,259,339.02. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Insiders have sold 100,686 shares of company stock valued at $4,534,047 in the last 90 days. 7.50% of the stock is currently owned by corporate insiders. United Bankshares Company Profile United Bankshares, Inc (United) is a bank holding company. The Company has approximately two banking subsidiaries (the Banking Subsidiaries) doing business under the name of United Bank, one operating under the laws of West Virginia referred to as United Bank (WV) and the other operating under the laws of Virginia referred to as United Bank (VA). Receive News & Ratings for United Bankshares Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for United Bankshares Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News White House Announces Conway Was Counseled Warren Receives Support After GOP Formally Silences Her Report: Trump Was Not Completely Briefed on Bannon NSC Seat Justice Department Will Challenge Stop to Travel Ban President Trump Cancels Harley-Davidson Trip Due to Possible Protests © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact US Privacy Policy Staff Daily Email Updates Headlines Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Investing REGENXBIO Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for REGENXBIO Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Recent Posts OraSure Technologies, Inc. (OSUR) Lifted to Strong-Buy at Zacks Investment Research Zacks Investment Research Lowers Orion Energy Systems, Inc. (OESX) to Hold Tenneco Inc. (TEN) to Post Q1 2017 Earnings of $1.38 Per Share, Northcoast Research Forecasts Barrington Research Comments on Snap-On Incorporated’s Q1 2017 Earnings (SNA) Equities Analysts Offer Predictions for Sanderson Farms, Inc.’s Q1 2017 Earnings (SAFM) UK Commercial Property Trust Limited Plans Dividend of GBX 0.92 (UKCM) Zacks: ICU Medical, Inc. (ICUI) Given Average Rating of “Buy” by Analysts News Corporation (NWSA) Receives $16.00 Consensus Price Target from Brokerages Generac Holdlings Inc. (GNRC) Receives $40.50 Consensus Price Target from Analysts Financial Engines, Inc. (FNGN) EVP Christopher L. Jones Sells 6,667 Shares Eaton Vance Tax-Advantaged Global Divide (ETO) To Go Ex-Dividend on February 16th Eaton Vance Tax-Managed Global Dive Eq (EXG) To Go Ex-Dividend on February 16th Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd. (RCL) Receives $95.82 Average Target Price from Analysts Q1 2017 Earnings Forecast for Corrections Corp. of America Issued By SunTrust Banks (CXW) Michael Rapino Sells 210,000 Shares of Live Nation Entertainment, Inc. (LYV) Stock Model N, Inc. (MODN) Raised to Buy at Zacks Investment Research Masco Corporation Forecasted to Earn Q1 2017 Earnings of $0.36 Per Share (MAS) Equities Analysts Issue Forecasts for Kilroy Realty Corporation’s Q1 2017 Earnings (KRC) Q1 2017 EPS Estimates for Humana Inc. (HUM) Decreased by Analyst Ring Energy (REI) Receives $15.90 Average Price Target from Analysts Brokerages Expect REGENXBIO Inc. (RGNX) to Post ($0.60) Earnings Per Share Posted by Tony Sherman on Feb 4th, 2017 // No Comments Tweet Shares of REGENXBIO Inc. (NASDAQ:RGNX) have received an average broker rating score of 1.13 (Strong Buy) from the four analysts that cover the company, Zacks Investment Research reports. One equities research analyst has rated the stock with a buy recommendation and three have given a strong buy recommendation to the company. Brokers have set a 12 month consensus target price of $30.50 for the company and are anticipating that the company will post ($0.60) EPS for the current quarter, according to Zacks. Zacks has also assigned REGENXBIO an industry rank of 92 out of 265 based on the ratings given to its competitors. A number of equities research analysts have recently issued reports on the stock. Piper Jaffray Companies reissued a “buy” rating and set a $25.00 price objective on shares of REGENXBIO in a research report on Sunday, November 13th. Zacks Investment Research raised shares of REGENXBIO from a “sell” rating to a “hold” rating in a report on Thursday, January 12th. TRADEMARK VIOLATION NOTICE: “Brokerages Expect REGENXBIO Inc. (RGNX) to Post ($0.60) Earnings Per Share” was reported by Web Breaking News and is the sole property of of Web Breaking News. If you are accessing this piece of content on another domain, it was illegally copied and reposted in violation of international copyright and trademark law. The correct version of this piece of content can be viewed at http://www.webbreakingnews.com/2017/02/04/brokerages-expect-regenxbio-inc-rgnx-to-post-0-60-earnings-per-share.html. REGENXBIO (NASDAQ:RGNX) opened at 19.10 on Wednesday. The company’s market capitalization is $505.67 million. The stock’s 50 day moving average price is $19.27 and its 200-day moving average price is $16.31. REGENXBIO has a 52 week low of $7.07 and a 52 week high of $24.55. A number of hedge funds and other institutional investors have recently modified their holdings of the company. Perceptive Advisors LLC increased its position in shares of REGENXBIO by 33.2% in the second quarter. Perceptive Advisors LLC now owns 1,099,213 shares of the company’s stock valued at $8,793,000 after buying an additional 273,817 shares in the last quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. increased its position in shares of REGENXBIO by 213.9% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 1,012,666 shares of the company’s stock valued at $14,188,000 after buying an additional 690,084 shares in the last quarter. Franklin Resources Inc. increased its position in shares of REGENXBIO by 1,004.9% in the second quarter. Franklin Resources Inc. now owns 700,500 shares of the company’s stock valued at $5,604,000 after buying an additional 637,100 shares in the last quarter. BlackRock Advisors LLC boosted its stake in shares of REGENXBIO by 0.9% in the third quarter. BlackRock Advisors LLC now owns 693,908 shares of the company’s stock valued at $9,722,000 after buying an additional 6,251 shares during the last quarter. Finally, Vanguard Group Inc. boosted its stake in shares of REGENXBIO by 116.4% in the second quarter. Vanguard Group Inc. now owns 569,935 shares of the company’s stock valued at $4,559,000 after buying an additional 306,596 shares during the last quarter. 64.05% of the stock is owned by institutional investors. About REGENXBIO REGENXBIO Inc is a biotechnology company. The Company is focused on the development, commercialization and licensing of recombinant adeno-associated virus (AAV) gene therapy. Its AAV gene delivery platform (its NAV Technology Platform) consists of rights to over 100 novel AAV vectors, including AAV7, AAV8, AAV9 and AAVrh10 (NAV Vectors). Get a free copy of the Zacks research report on REGENXBIO (RGNX) For more information about research offerings from Zacks Investment Research, visit Zacks.com Receive News & Ratings for REGENXBIO Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for REGENXBIO Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter. « Previous Beneficial Bancorp, Inc. (BNCL) to Issue Quarterly Dividend of $0.06 on February 23rd Next » Brokerages Set $63.33 Target Price for Innospec Inc. (IOSP) Latest News Nike Suspends Relationship with Maria Sharapova Rob Bironas Ex-Titans Kicker Dies in Car Crash Ron Washington Leaves Texas Rangers Due to an Affair Jonathan Dwyer Falls in Line with Other Banned NFL Players Tony Stewart Case Going to the Grand Jury Oscar Pistorius “Blade Runner” Found Not Guilty of Murder Leave a Reply Click here to cancel reply. Name (Required) Mail (will not be published) (Required) Website   Home Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Headlines Investing © 2006-2017 Web Breaking News.
Home About/Contact US Privacy Policy Staff Daily Email Updates Headlines Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Investing Ultratech Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Ultratech Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Recent Posts OraSure Technologies, Inc. (OSUR) Lifted to Strong-Buy at Zacks Investment Research Zacks Investment Research Lowers Orion Energy Systems, Inc. (OESX) to Hold Tenneco Inc. (TEN) to Post Q1 2017 Earnings of $1.38 Per Share, Northcoast Research Forecasts Barrington Research Comments on Snap-On Incorporated’s Q1 2017 Earnings (SNA) Equities Analysts Offer Predictions for Sanderson Farms, Inc.’s Q1 2017 Earnings (SAFM) UK Commercial Property Trust Limited Plans Dividend of GBX 0.92 (UKCM) Zacks: ICU Medical, Inc. (ICUI) Given Average Rating of “Buy” by Analysts News Corporation (NWSA) Receives $16.00 Consensus Price Target from Brokerages Generac Holdlings Inc. (GNRC) Receives $40.50 Consensus Price Target from Analysts Financial Engines, Inc. (FNGN) EVP Christopher L. Jones Sells 6,667 Shares Eaton Vance Tax-Advantaged Global Divide (ETO) To Go Ex-Dividend on February 16th Eaton Vance Tax-Managed Global Dive Eq (EXG) To Go Ex-Dividend on February 16th Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd. (RCL) Receives $95.82 Average Target Price from Analysts Q1 2017 Earnings Forecast for Corrections Corp. of America Issued By SunTrust Banks (CXW) Michael Rapino Sells 210,000 Shares of Live Nation Entertainment, Inc. (LYV) Stock Model N, Inc. (MODN) Raised to Buy at Zacks Investment Research Masco Corporation Forecasted to Earn Q1 2017 Earnings of $0.36 Per Share (MAS) Equities Analysts Issue Forecasts for Kilroy Realty Corporation’s Q1 2017 Earnings (KRC) Q1 2017 EPS Estimates for Humana Inc. (HUM) Decreased by Analyst Ring Energy (REI) Receives $15.90 Average Price Target from Analysts Ultratech, Inc. (UTEK) Sets New 1-Year High on Strong Earnings Posted by William Strong on Feb 4th, 2017 // No Comments Tweet Ultratech, Inc. (NASDAQ:UTEK)’s share price reached a new 52-week high on Thursday following a stronger than expected earnings report. The company traded as high as $28.18 and last traded at $28.18, with a volume of 537,640 shares. The stock had previously closed at $25.94. The company reported $0.31 EPS for the quarter, topping analysts’ consensus estimates of $0.24 by $0.07. The company had revenue of $51.30 million for the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $49.36 million. Ultratech had a positive return on equity of 0.37% and a negative net margin of 1.15%. The business’s revenue was up 81.9% on a year-over-year basis. During the same quarter in the previous year, the firm earned ($0.14) earnings per share. A number of equities analysts have commented on UTEK shares. Benchmark Co. set a $30.00 price objective on Ultratech and gave the stock a “buy” rating in a research note on Friday, October 21st. Zacks Investment Research lowered Ultratech from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating in a research note on Wednesday, November 9th. Finally, B. Riley reaffirmed a “neutral” rating and set a $25.00 price target on shares of Ultratech in a research note on Friday, October 21st. Six research analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating, The stock presently has a consensus rating of “Hold” and an average target price of $24.23. A number of large investors have recently added to or reduced their stakes in the stock. Citadel Advisors LLC increased its stake in Ultratech by 46.6% in the third quarter. Citadel Advisors LLC now owns 73,663 shares of the company’s stock worth $1,700,000 after buying an additional 23,421 shares in the last quarter. Tygh Capital Management Inc. increased its stake in Ultratech by 9.0% in the third quarter. Tygh Capital Management Inc. now owns 237,050 shares of the company’s stock worth $5,471,000 after buying an additional 19,491 shares in the last quarter. Neuberger Berman Group LLC increased its stake in Ultratech by 1.3% in the third quarter. Neuberger Berman Group LLC now owns 2,063,408 shares of the company’s stock worth $47,623,000 after buying an additional 27,418 shares in the last quarter. Robeco Institutional Asset Management B.V. increased its stake in Ultratech by 109.8% in the third quarter. Robeco Institutional Asset Management B.V. now owns 155,862 shares of the company’s stock worth $3,599,000 after buying an additional 81,554 shares in the last quarter. Finally, JPMorgan Chase & Co. increased its stake in Ultratech by 0.6% in the second quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 18,198 shares of the company’s stock worth $418,000 after buying an additional 100 shares in the last quarter. Institutional investors and hedge funds own 91.88% of the company’s stock. The company’s 50 day moving average price is $24.97 and its 200-day moving average price is $23.87. The company’s market capitalization is $770.04 million. TRADEMARK VIOLATION NOTICE: “Ultratech, Inc. (UTEK) Sets New 1-Year High on Strong Earnings” was reported by Web Breaking News and is the sole property of of Web Breaking News. If you are viewing this piece of content on another domain, it was copied illegally and reposted in violation of US and international copyright and trademark laws. The legal version of this piece of content can be accessed at http://www.webbreakingnews.com/2017/02/04/ultratech-inc-utek-sets-new-1-year-high-on-strong-earnings.html. About Ultratech Ultratech, Inc (Ultratech) develops, manufactures and markets photolithography, laser thermal processing and inspection equipment. The Company operates through the manufacture and distribution of capital equipment to manufacturers of integrated circuits and nanotechnology components segment. The Company serves manufacturers of semiconductor devices, including advanced packaging processes and various nanotechnology components, such as thin film head magnetic recording devices (thin film heads or TFHs), laser diodes, high-brightness light emitting diodes (HBLEDs), as well as atomic layer deposition systems (ALD). Receive News & Ratings for Ultratech Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Ultratech Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter. « Previous KCM Investment Advisors LLC Has $822,000 Position in Agilent Technologies, Inc. (A) Next » Short Interest in ProShares UltraPro Short Dow30 ETF (SDOW) Drops By 68.5% Latest News Nike Suspends Relationship with Maria Sharapova Rob Bironas Ex-Titans Kicker Dies in Car Crash Ron Washington Leaves Texas Rangers Due to an Affair Jonathan Dwyer Falls in Line with Other Banned NFL Players Tony Stewart Case Going to the Grand Jury Oscar Pistorius “Blade Runner” Found Not Guilty of Murder Leave a Reply Click here to cancel reply. Name (Required) Mail (will not be published) (Required) Website   Home Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Headlines Investing © 2006-2017 Web Breaking News.
Real Estate JOBS 転職 STUDY IN JAPAN Japan Showcase Sign Up | Login ≫ Twitter Facebook Newsletter RSS 7 P/SUNNY TOKYO (7 p.m.) Markets 113.85 ¥/$ (5 p.m.) News Sign Up | Login ≫ Email Updates Home Delivery Today's Stories MENU City Guide Search News Opinion Life Community Culture Sports City Guide Search Search National Asia Pacific Business World Reference Columns Multimedia News National World Business Asia Pacific Reference Columns Multimedia Opinion Editorials Commentary Reader Mail Cartoons Life Travel Digital Food & Drink Environment Style & Design Language Lifestyle People Columns Multimedia Community Voices Issues Our Lives Event Listings How-tos Columns Culture Film Music Art Stage Events Festivals Books TV Columns Multimedia Sports Baseball Soccer Basketball Sumo Rugby Figure Skating Tennis More Sports Columns Multimedia Sorry, but your browser needs Javascript to use this site. If you're not sure how to activate it, please refer to this site: http://www.enable-javascript.com/ Connecticut Democratic Sen. Chris Dodd (left) and former Massachusetts Democratic Rep. Barney Frank attend the signing of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act by U.S. President Barack Obama in Washington in July 2010. | AFP-JIJI Business / Economy Trump launches his attack on restraints on banks AP Feb 4, 2017 Article history Online: Feb 04, 2017 Last Modified: Feb 04, 2017 PRINT SHARE WASHINGTON – President Donald Trump launched his long-promised attack Friday on banking rules that were rushed into law after the 2008 economic crisis, signing orders after meeting with business and investment chiefs and pledging further action to free big banks from restrictions. Wall Street cheered him on, but Trump risks disillusioning his working-class voters. He directed his Treasury secretary to review the devilishly complex 2010 Dodd-Frank financial oversight law, which was signed by President Barack Obama to overhaul regulations after the financial and housing crisis of the past decade. It aimed to prevent a repeat of bank misdeeds that many blamed for the crisis. The president also signed a memorandum instructing the Labor Department to delay an Obama-era rule that requires financial professionals who charge commissions to put their clients’ best interests first when giving advice on retirement investments. While the order on Dodd-Frank, named after its Democratic sponsors, won’t have an immediate impact, Trump’s intent is clear. The law has been a disaster in restricting banks’ activities, he said earlier in the week. “We’re going to be doing a big number on Dodd-Frank.” During a meeting with business leaders, including JPMorgan Chase CEO Jamie Dimon on Friday, he said, “Frankly, I have so many people, friends of mine that have nice businesses that can’t borrow money. They just can’t get any money because the banks just won’t let ’em borrow because of the rules and regulations of Dodd-Frank.” Those regulations unnecessarily cramp the economy and job creation, he declared. But many Democrats see it differently, including Sen. Elizabeth Warren, who was behind the formation of the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau, formed as part of the Dodd-Frank law. “Donald Trump talked a big game about Wall Street during his campaign — but as president, we’re finding out whose side he’s really on,” Warren said in a statement. “The Wall Street bankers and lobbyists whose greed and recklessness nearly destroyed this country may be toasting each other with champagne, but the American people have not forgotten the 2008 financial crisis — and they will not forget what happened today.” The crisis touched off the worst recession since the 1930s Great Depression, wiping out $11 trillion in U.S. household wealth and leaving about 8 million Americans jobless. U.S. taxpayers funded multibillion-dollar bailouts of Wall Street mega-banks, smaller banks across the country and other financial firms. Eight years on, the economy’s recovery has been halting, a situation that contributed to Trump’s election. Beyond being fed up with bailouts, consumers have an interest in the Financial Protection Bureau, which expanded regulators’ ability to police a wide array of financial products and services. During his campaign, Trump pledged to repeal and replace the law, but he also railed against Wall Street excess and vowed to hold the industry accountable for the crisis. His rhetoric left questions about how closely he would align with the financial services industries’ fight to undo regulations they view as burdensome. Since winning the White House, Trump has cleared up some of those questions. He has filled his administration with millionaires and financiers and signed the orders after meeting with top CEOs and banking executives. In his other action Friday, Trump’s presidential memorandum on financial advisers delayed implementation of the past administration’s “fiduciary rule,” aimed at blocking consultants from steering clients toward investments with higher commissions and fees that can eat away at retirement savings. The rule was to take effect in April. The financial services industry argues that the rule would limit retirees’ investment choices by forcing asset managers to steer them to low-risk options. Unwinding most of Dodd-Frank will require legislation, and on Capitol Hill the Republicans’ yearning to cut it down is as strong as ever. But tax reform, reworking “Obamacare” and other issues are more immediate priorities, some Republicans suggest. Further, the big Wall Street banks already have baked in many of the Dodd-Frank rules and aren’t clamoring to unwind all of them. Aiming lower, in the pre-dawn hours of Friday, Congress passed and sent to Trump legislation striking down a rule that requires oil and gas companies to disclose payments to the U.S. or foreign governments for commercial development. Critics warn that rolling back the Dodd-Frank regulations would put the economy at risk. “You can blow up the financial system and really crush the American economy. I think that’s where they’re headed,” said Michael S. Barr, a former assistant treasury secretary for financial institutions and a key architect of the law. The Consumer Financial Protection Bureau is a prime target within the law for Republican lawmakers, who have long accused it of overreach. But there are political risks in Trump taking a hatchet to a watchdog agency focused on protecting ordinary consumers against abusive practices by banks, mortgage companies, credit card issuers, payday lenders, debt collectors and others. Over five years, the agency says, it has recovered $11.7 billion that it returned to more than 27 million harmed consumers. “You could expect pushback, that this is about favoring Wall Street over Main Street,” said Phillip Swagel, an assistant Treasury secretary for economic policy in the George W. Bush administration. Going after the bureau, Barr said, would likely hurt consumers, “including some of President Trump’s strongest supporters.” Photos Click to enlarge Keywords U.S., Congress, banks, Donald Trump Economy Trump trumpets ‘phenomenal’ tax announcement, divulges no specifics Japan’s December core machinery orders up 6.7% Trump advisers’ untested tax-credit plan for infrastructure risky, seen implying tolls, higher levies China advises companies to take ‘precautions’ over Brexit Mail the editor Error Report Republishing Commenting Policy The Japan Times ST The Japan Times on Sunday What's Trending Now Kyoto removing utility eyesores to revive old-time ambiance Highest radiation reading since 3/11 detected at Fukushima No. 1 reactor Blast hits French nuclear power plant but no radiation leak or injuries reported 26.9% of aspiring models, idols have been asked to perform sex acts for the camera: survey 18-year-old member of pop idol group Shiritsu Ebisu Chugaku dies Japanese who’ve studied in U.S. see nation changing for the worse under Trump U.S., Chinese military planes in ‘unsafe’ encounter over disputed South China Sea Trump tweets ‘See you in court’ after injunction against travel ban is upheld on appeal Blogs Japan Pulse Yen for Living BACK TO TOP The Japan Times on Sunday The Japan Times ST Jobs Study in Japan JT for Women JT Bookclub Japanese School Directory Email Updates | Home Delivery RSS Twitter Facebook Newsletter News National World Business Asia Pacific Reference Columns Multimedia Opinion Editorials Commentary Reader Mail Cartoons Life Travel Digital Food & Drink Environment Style & Design Language Lifestyle People Columns Multimedia Community Voices Issues Our Lives Event Listings How-tos Columns Culture Film Music Art Stage Events Festivals Books TV Columns Multimedia Sports Baseball Soccer Basketball Sumo Rugby Figure Skating Tennis More Sports Columns Multimedia About us Contact us Privacy Policy Link Policy Reprints FAQs Support Press Sitemap Advertise The Japan Times LTD. All rights reserved.
Skip to main content Home Delivery e-Edition Boston Herald Store 22°F Subscribe to the Boston Herald RSS Feed Join the Boston Herald on Facebook Join the Boston Herald on Twitter Join the Boston Herald on Google+ View Boston Herald videos on YouTube Boston Herald Herald Apps Fun & Games Obituaries Saturday, February 11, 2017 News Local Coverage Local Politics Columnists National U.S. Politics International Offbeat News Obituaries Opinion Editorials Op-Ed Letters to Editor Send a Letter Sports Red Sox Patriots Celtics Bruins College High School Columnists Soccer Golf Other Entertainment Inside Track Celebrity News Arts & Culture Movies Television Music People & Entertainment Weekly Lifestyle Food & Beverage Style & Fashion Travel Health & Fitness Gift Guide Business Automotive Real Estate Technology Blogs Photos Video Radio Classifieds Replay of the Day Listen Live Listen Now Watch Live On Demand Donald Trump gets high praise from ex-GE exec Welch Chris Cassidy Saturday, February 04, 2017 Credit: AP photo ‘EXCEEDED MY EXPECTATIONS’: Former General Electric CEO Jack Welch listens during a meeting between President Trump and business leaders yesterday. Credit: AP photo President Donald Trump gives a thumbs-up as he walks from Marine One to Air Force One at Andrews Air Force Base, Md., Friday, Feb. 3, 2017. prev next         comments Retired General Electric CEO Jack Welch says his two-hour White House meeting with President Trump and other business executives “far exceeded my expectations” and covered issues ranging from immigration to financial regulations to women in the workplace. “I’m telling you it was one of the best meetings I’ve ever been to in my life in terms of real stuff, real issues being discussed,” Welch told the Herald by phone last night. “No phony baloney. Nothing like that.” Welch said he has met with nearly every president since 1981, and found Trump surprisingly well-versed on topics, engaged and genuinely focused on the task of creating jobs. “Real guy and really concerned about every worker in the country,” said Welch. “Solid, down-to-earth, on top of the issues. The guys at the GE plant in Lynn would love him.” Welch publicly supported Trump for president, but pulled it in October after the “Access Hollywood” tape emerged of Trump making lewd comments about women. Trump met with Welch and a panel of CEOs from corporations including Tesla, JPMorgan Chase, General Motors and Wal-Mart and even assigned them tasks to perform before they meet again. Welch said the economic advisory panel will reconvene monthly at first, then quarterly. Trump broached a variety of subjects with the CEOs — a border tax, the travel ban, limitations on lending — but didn’t submit firm proposals, said Welch. “It was as intense as a GE staff meeting or a Herald staff meeting — guys with their shirtsleeves rolled up going at it,” said Welch. “There wasn’t one iota of negativity. The people in the room want to go to work for him and bring him the best suggestions possible, and he wants to get them done fast.” Trump’s huddle with corporate brass, however, drew criticism from Wall Street watchdogs, including Massachusetts U.S. Sen. Elizabeth Warren, who chided him for taking his first swings at easing financial regulations later in the day. “Donald Trump talked a big game about Wall Street during his campaign, but as president, we’re finding out whose side he’s really on,” Warren said in a statement. She blasted Trump for “literally standing alongside big bank and hedge fund CEOs,” and then signing two executive orders she claimed will benefit only Wall Street. The first Trump directive orders the Treasury secretary to review elements of the Dodd-Frank financial reform law that was signed — or rushed, critics argue — into law in 2010 amid the Great Recession. “Today we’re signing core principles for regulating the United States financial system. It doesn’t get much bigger than that, right?” Trump asked as he scratched his signature on two executives orders from the Oval Office. The second orders the Labor Department to push back an April start date for an Obama-era rule requiring that retirement advisers put the best interests of their clients first. Supporters of the Obama provision contend it will keep advisers honest and stop them from steering their clients toward funds with the highest commissions. Critics argue it will limit retirees’ investment choices and could force them into unwanted low-risk funds. The orders continue Trump’s steady dismantling of President Obama’s legacy. Trump has already moved to strike down Obamacare, scrap the Trans-Pacific Partnership and restart the Keystone XL Pipeline. Trump’s pause on immigration from seven Muslim-majority nations also drew Obama out of retirement to publicly encourage nationwide protests against the president’s actions. More On: Donald Trump Jack Welch Share this Article Join the Conversation Herald Columnists Peter Gelzinis Gelzinis: ‘She didn’t call for Help’ Joe Fitzgerald Fitzgerald: Players wrong to shun White House invite Joe Battenfeld Battenfeld: A nation in denial needs to realize election is over Howie Carr Carr: Wordplay by Dems gives new meaning to foreign language Jessica Heslam Heslam: Fashion bashing may not be bad for Ivanka Trump’s line Kimberly Atkins Atkins: 1 Dem joins unanimous GOP support for new AG Trending Now Teams lining up for the Jimmy Garoppolo sweepstakes CNN anchor apologizes for comparing 'fake news' to N-word Report: Despite DCF efforts, 35 kids died in state care 1990 South African President F. W. de Klerk announced Nelson Mandela will be freed on Feburary 11 #HeraldArchives… Patriots Fan Shop Tweets by @bostonherald Boston Herald News Local Coverage Local Politics Columnists National US Politics International Offbeat News Obituaries Opinion Op Ed Letters to the Editor Editorials Send a Letter Sports Red Sox Patriots Celtics Bruins Columnist College Soccer Golf High School Other Entertainment Inside Track Celebrity News Arts & Culture Movies Music Television LifeStyle Food & Beverage Style & Fashion Travel Health & Fitness Business Automotive Real Estate Technology Markets More… Classifieds Radio Horoscope Lottery Crossword Contests Weather RSS Feeds Archives Log In Legal Notices Advertise Purchase Back Copies Send a News Tip Contact Us Home Delivery e-Edition Mobile Apps Herald Newsletters Send a Letter to the Editor Boston Herald In Education Mass Literacy ©Copyright by the Boston Herald and Herald Media No portion of BostonHerald.com or its content may be reproduced without the owner's written permission. Privacy Commitment Terms Of Use Top
Skip to main content Home Delivery e-Edition Boston Herald Store 22°F Subscribe to the Boston Herald RSS Feed Join the Boston Herald on Facebook Join the Boston Herald on Twitter Join the Boston Herald on Google+ View Boston Herald videos on YouTube Boston Herald Herald Apps Fun & Games Obituaries Saturday, February 11, 2017 News Local Coverage Local Politics Columnists National U.S. Politics International Offbeat News Obituaries Opinion Editorials Op-Ed Letters to Editor Send a Letter Sports Red Sox Patriots Celtics Bruins College High School Columnists Soccer Golf Other Entertainment Inside Track Celebrity News Arts & Culture Movies Television Music People & Entertainment Weekly Lifestyle Food & Beverage Style & Fashion Travel Health & Fitness Gift Guide Business Automotive Real Estate Technology Blogs Photos Video Radio Classifieds Replay of the Day Listen Live Listen Now Watch Live On Demand Bank stocks key rally on Wall Street Trump moves to ax Dodd-Frank Donna Goodison Saturday, February 04, 2017 Credit: Associated Press President Donald Trump holds up an executive order after his signing the order in the Oval Office of the White House in Washington, Friday, Feb. 3, 2017. The executive order that will direct the Treasury secretary to review the 2010 Dodd-Frank financial oversight law, which reshaped financial regulation after 2008-2009 crisis. (AP Photo/Pablo Martinez Monsivais) comments Financial stocks rallied yesterday after a strong payrolls report and President Donald Trump forged ahead with campaign promises to cut industry regulations by ordering reviews of major banking rules implemented in the wake of the 2008 financial crisis. The S&P 500 closed just below a record high, gaining 16.57 points to finish the day at 2,297.42 — within a point of its all-time closing record set Jan. 25. The S&P financial sector climbed 2 percent for its best day since mid-November, after Trump’s signing of an executive order to scale back banking regulations including the Dodd-Frank law. JP Morgan Chase shares closed up 3.1 percent at $87.18 as the biggest boost to the S&P 500 and helped push up the S&P bank index by 2.6 percent. The financial sector has rocketed up more than 18 percent since the Nov. 8 U.S. presidential election, while the bank sector has surged more than 25 percent on expectations Trump would scale back regulations. The Dow Jones industrial average was up 0.94 percent to close at 20,071.46 yesterday. The Nasdaq Composite Index hit an all-time high, advancing 0.5 percent. Equities got a lift from U.S. Labor Department data showing employers added the most workers in four months, boosting enthusiasm in the economy that had been dampened by hourly earnings numbers, which reflected the weakest year-over-year growth since August at 2.5 percent. The U.S. public and private sectors created 227,000 jobs last month, far more than the 175,000 economists had expected. The unemployment rate ticked up to 4.8 percent, while average hourly wages grew only 0.1 percent, which is likely to keep the Federal Reserve on a gradual path to raise U.S. interest rates. “The key to the payroll number was wage growth — that takes March off the calendar (for a rate hike),” said Stephen Massocca, chief investment officer at Wedbush Equity Management LLC in San Francisco. “The Dodd-Frank thing wasn’t unexpected, but it happened, and it is clear the direction (that Trump) is moving in, and that added to it.” Investors continue to monitor corporate earnings. With more than half of S&P 500 companies having reported, profits are beating expectations by an average of 3.3 percent, even as revenue figures fall in line with analyst projections. Earnings are up 5.5 percent on average, with eight of 11 industry groups posting gains. Herald wire services contributed to this report. Share this Article Join the Conversation Top Business Stories business & markets Harvard students protest Dana-Farber fundraiser at prez’s resort lindsay kalter automotive Corolla iM a simple joy matt west Trending Now Teams lining up for the Jimmy Garoppolo sweepstakes CNN anchor apologizes for comparing 'fake news' to N-word Report: Despite DCF efforts, 35 kids died in state care 1990 South African President F. W. de Klerk announced Nelson Mandela will be freed on Feburary 11 #HeraldArchives… Market Summary and Investments Tweets by @bostonherald Boston Herald News Local Coverage Local Politics Columnists National US Politics International Offbeat News Obituaries Opinion Op Ed Letters to the Editor Editorials Send a Letter Sports Red Sox Patriots Celtics Bruins Columnist College Soccer Golf High School Other Entertainment Inside Track Celebrity News Arts & Culture Movies Music Television LifeStyle Food & Beverage Style & Fashion Travel Health & Fitness Business Automotive Real Estate Technology Markets More… Classifieds Radio Horoscope Lottery Crossword Contests Weather RSS Feeds Archives Log In Legal Notices Advertise Purchase Back Copies Send a News Tip Contact Us Home Delivery e-Edition Mobile Apps Herald Newsletters Send a Letter to the Editor Boston Herald In Education Mass Literacy ©Copyright by the Boston Herald and Herald Media No portion of BostonHerald.com or its content may be reproduced without the owner's written permission. Privacy Commitment Terms Of Use Top
Manage My Subscription Subscribe eEdition Delivery Status Contact Us Loading... Friday / February 10, 2017 MENU Serving Eau Claire, Wisconsin, and surrounding communities Contests Quizzes Ask the Experts Weather Magazines Mobile FAQs General Store NIE News Obits OBITS DEATH NOTICES SUBMISSIONS Sports Opinion Business Entertainment Features Celebrations Magazines Media PHOTOS VIDEOS COUPON BONANZA Classifieds Jobs Coupons Weather Loading Join Our Mailing List EMAIL home / news / daily updates Trump targets banks’ financial restraints He calls Dodd-Frank law designed to protect consumers from overreachby financial firms a ‘disaster’ posted Feb. 4, 2017 12:08 a.m. | updated Feb. 4, 2017 12:08 a.m. (CDT) email article print font size - + by / Associated Press Associated Press | Enlarge - President Donald Trump holds up an executive order after signing it Friday in the Oval Office of the White House. The order directs the treasury secretary to review the 2010 Dodd-Frank financial oversight law, which reshaped financial regulation after 2008-09 crisis. Pablo Martinez Monsivais | Enlarge - President Donald Trump prepares to sign an executive order in the Oval Office of the White House in Washington, Friday, Feb. 3, 2017. Trump signed an executive order that will direct the Treasury secretary to review the 2010 Dodd-Frank financial oversight law, which reshaped financial regulation after 2008-2009 crisis. At left is Vice President Mike Pence. (AP Photo/Pablo Martinez Monsivais) Pablo Martinez Monsivais | Enlarge - In this Feb. 2, 2017, photo, President Donald Trump speaks in the Roosevelt Room of the White House in Washington. Trump is taking his first steps aimed at scaling back financial services regulations. The president will sign an executive order Friday that will direct the Treasury secretary to review the 2010 Dodd-Frank financial oversight law, which reshaped financial regulation after the 2008-09 financial crisis. (AP Photo/Pablo Martinez Monsivais) WASHINGTON — President Donald Trump launched his long-promised attack Friday on banking rules that were rushed into law after the nation’s economic crisis, signing new orders after meeting with business and investment chiefs and pledging further action to free big banks from restrictions. Wall Street cheered him on, but Trump risks disillusioning his working-class voters. He directed his treasury secretary to review the devilishly complex 2010 Dodd-Frank financial oversight law, which was signed by President Barack Obama to overhaul regulations after the financial and housing crisis of the past decade. It aimed to restrain banks’ from misdeeds that many blamed for the crisis. The new president also signed a memorandum instructing the Labor Department to delay an Obama-era rule that requires financial professionals who charge commissions to put their clients’ best interests first when giving advice on retirement investments. While the order on Dodd-Frank, named after its Democratic sponsors, won’t have an immediate impact, Trump’s intent is clear. The law has been a disaster in restricting banks’ activities, he said earlier this week. “We’re going to be doing a big number on Dodd-Frank.” During a meeting with business leaders, including JPMorgan Chase CEO Jamie Dimon on Friday, he said, “Frankly I have so many people, friends of mine that have nice businesses that can’t borrow money. They just can’t get any money because the banks just won’t let ‘em borrow because of the rules and regulations of Dodd-Frank.” Those regulations unnecessarily cramp the U.S. economy and job creation, he declared. But many Democrats see it differently, including Sen. Elizabeth Warren of Massachusetts, who was behind the formation of the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau, formed as part of the Dodd-Frank law. “Donald Trump talked a big game about Wall Street during his campaign — but as president, we’re finding out whose side he’s really on,” Warren said in a statement. “The Wall Street bankers and lobbyists whose greed and recklessness nearly destroyed this country may be toasting each other with champagne, but the American people have not forgotten the 2008 financial crisis — and they will not forget what happened today.” The crisis touched off the worst recession since the 1930s Great Depression, wiping out $11 trillion in U.S. household wealth and leaving about 8 million Americans jobless. U.S. taxpayers funded multibillion-dollar bailouts of Wall Street mega-banks, smaller banks across the country and other financial firms. Eight years on, the economy’s recovery has been halting, a situation that contributed to Trump’s election. Beyond being fed up with bailouts, consumers have an interest in the Financial Protection Bureau, which expanded regulators’ ability to police a wide array of financial products and services. During his campaign, Trump pledged to repeal and replace the law, but he also railed against Wall Street excess and vowed to hold the industry accountable for the crisis. His rhetoric left questions about how closely he would align with the financial services industries’ years-long fight to undo regulations they view as burdensome. Since winning the White House, Trump has cleared up some of those questions. He has filled his administration with millionaires and financiers and signed the orders after meeting with top CEOs and banking executives. In his other action Friday, Trump’s presidential memorandum on financial advisers delayed implementation of the past administration’s “fiduciary rule,” aimed at blocking consultants from steering clients toward investments with higher commissions and fees that can eat away at retirement savings. The rule was to take effect in April. The financial services industry argues that the rule would limit retirees’ investment choices by forcing asset managers to steer them to low-risk options. Unwinding most of Dodd-Frank will require legislation, and on Capitol Hill the Republicans’ yearning to cut it down is as strong as ever. But tax reform, reworking Obamacare and other issues are more immediate priorities, some Republicans suggest. Further, the big Wall Street banks already have baked in many of the Dodd-Frank rules and aren’t clamoring to unwind all of them. Aiming lower, in the pre-dawn hours of Friday, Congress passed and sent to Trump for his signature legislation striking down a rule that requires oil and gas companies to disclose payments to the U.S. or foreign governments for commercial development. Critics warn that rolling back the Dodd-Frank regulations would put the economy at risk. “You can blow up the financial system and really crush the American economy. I think that’s where they’re headed,” said Michael S. Barr, a former assistant treasury secretary for financial institutions and a key architect of the law. The Consumer Financial Protection Bureau is a prime target within the law for Republican lawmakers, who have long accused it of overreach. But there are political risks in Trump taking a hatchet to a watchdog agency focused on protecting ordinary consumers against abusive practices by banks, mortgage companies, credit card issuers, payday lenders, debt collectors and others. Over five years, the agency says, it has recovered $11.7 billion that it returned to more than 27 million harmed consumers. “You could expect push-back, that this is about favoring Wall Street over Main Street,” said Phillip Swagel, an assistant Treasury secretary for economic policy in the George W. Bush administration. Going after the bureau, Barr said, would likely hurt consumers, “including some of President Trump’s strongest supporters.” Email this: Trump targets banks’ financial restraints | Eau Claire Leader-Telegram Your Name: Your e-mail: Recipient(s) Name: Recipient(s) e-mail: *Separate multiple addresses with a comma Comments: (optional) Send Clear Recommended CF man pleads guilty to role in Eagle Point murder Eau Claire man arrested for disorderly conduct after parents are found dead EC County opens some snowmobile trails Chance the Rapper, Wilco, Simon among acts announced for Eaux Claires; tickets now available Trump slams the courts, and his court nominee hits back Eaux Claires music festival preliminary lineup revealed; more details coming State board approves self-insurance for state workers Developer poised to complete Dakota Access oil pipeline Fitzgerald: Splitting DNR going nowhere Fitzgerald offers alternatives to Walker budget Xtras e-Edition Manage My Account New Subscriptions Magazines Delivery Coupon Bonanza Churches Submissions Most Read Altoona school district could lose state aid over its health coverage Lawyer: Killing of Saudi student was in self-defense Sis­ter of woman found dead calls loss ‘dev­as­tat­ing’ Man repeatedly had sex with girl, police say Wrestling: Brothers Othayun, Levi Smith looking to end Abes’ state drought More... Go to Top News Front Page Politics Local Daily Updates State National/World Crime Offbeat Blogs Public Notices Sports Preps Golf Racing Daily Updates Local Colleges Community Blogs NFL MLB NBA NHL Obits Obituaries Death Notices Submissions Opinions Editorials Letters to Editor From Our Files Submissions Business Local Business From the Wire Entertainment Local Entertainment Celebrity News Blogs Calendar TV Listings Sudoku Crosswords Features Lifestyles Home & Garden Getting Out Food Food Inspections Health Travel Religion On Campus Celebrations Weddings Engagements Anniversaries Births Five Generations Submissions Join Our Mailing List EMAIL © 2017 Leader-Telegram, Eau Claire, WI. All rights reserved. 701 S. Farwell St., Eau Claire, WI 54701 / 715.833.9200
CLOSE Home National Gauteng KwaZulu-Natal Limpopo Mpumalanga Free State North West Northern Cape Eastern Cape Western Cape WORLD AFRICA Sports TechknowAge Careers FINANCIAL LIBERATION Contact Us More Legals Business Comments And Analysis #TNABizBrief Competitions Entertainment Science Subscription Lifestyle Videos Streaming revolution reaches Grammys New trailer unveiled for 'The Circle', starring Tom Hanks and Emma Watson Province inherited gambling Spotlight on rural healthcare Public must be wary of Post Office scam Saturday, February 11, 2017 LEGALS Home National Gauteng KwaZulu-Natal Limpopo Mpumalanga Free State North West Northern Cape Eastern Cape Western Cape WORLD AFRICA Sports TechknowAge Careers FINANCIAL LIBERATION Contact Us More Legals Business Comments And Analysis #TNABizBrief Competitions Entertainment Science Subscription Lifestyle Videos Banking shares surge, Nasdaq hits record February 4, 2017 0 24 Share on Facebook Tweet on Twitter tweet Banking shares surged Friday on moves by President Donald Trump to roll back financial regulations, Picture : Getty Images Banking shares surged Friday on moves by President Donald Trump to roll back financial regulations, boosting the overall stock market and lifting the Nasdaq to a new record. Stocks were also propelled by strong US jobs data, while department-store chain Macy’s gained on reports it could be acquired.The Dow Jones Industrial Average stood at 20,070.91, up 0.9 percent.The broad-based S&P 500 won 0.7 percent to 2,297.37, while the tech-rich Nasdaq Composite Index advanced 0.5 percent to 5,666.77, a record. Trump ordered a review of key reforms enacted after the 2008 financial crisis, in the first step towards scaling back toughened regulations on the banking industry.The news sparked a rally of large banks, with JPMorgan Chase and Citigroup jumping 3.1 percent and Goldman Sachs 4.6 percent. The January US employment report included a better-than-expected 227,000 new jobs last month, keeping up the positive trends from the Obama years into the start of the term of President Donald Trump. Macy’s gained 6.5 percent following reports it was in early talks towards a possible acquisition by Canada’s Hudson Bay. The news comes on the heels of announcements of job cuts and store closures by Macy’s, which has struggled to transition to the e-commerce era.Visa jumped 4.6 percent after first-quarter net income rose 7.2 percent to $2.1 billion, with the company citing higher transaction volumes in most regions. Amazon dropped 3.5 percent after it reported fourth-quarter net income jumped 55.3 percent to $749 million. However, revenues during the key holiday season came in a billion dollars shy of expectations at $43.7 billion. Chipotle Mexican Grill slumped 4.7 percent as it reported that fourth quarter earnings tumbled 76 percent to $16.0 million following a series of food-safety problems. -AFP   basil RELATED ARTICLES International business Struggling retailers seek silver bullet in Amazon era Cricket Indian seamers dent Bangladesh reply Entertainment Streaming revolution reaches Grammys Health Erotica show tests taboos at London auction house Entertainment New trailer unveiled for ‘The Circle’, starring Tom Hanks and Emma Watson NO COMMENTS LEAVE A REPLY Cancel reply You must be logged in to post a comment. The New Age covers news from all nine provinces, along with national events, Op-Ed columns, politics, Africa and International news, sports, business, entertainment, lifestyle, science and technology. Popular Item On #ZumaMustFall, ZCC says don’t include us Full statement issued... Multiple cars stolen at Mall of Africa Multiple vehicles have... Right of Reply: Oakbay CEO responds to Floyd Shivambu South Africa has... Recent News Struggling retailers seek silver bullet in Amazon era Want a coffee... Indian seamers dent Bangladesh reply India's pacemen rattled... Kaizer Motaung talks CAF aspirations, Steve Kompela About Us Oakbay Investments Vision & Mission Terms & Conditions Designed by FutureTeQ © Copyright 2016 - The New Age
ActionNewsJax.com LIVE http://www.actionnewsjax.com/cmg-main-theme/css ActionNewsJax.com SIGN IN REGISTER MEMBER CENTER SIGN OUT SIGN IN Sign in using your wjax profile Need a profile? Register now. {* #userInformationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} Remember Me Forgot password? {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} OR Sign in using you account with: {* loginWidget *} Sign Up / Sign In Welcome Back {* welcomeName *} {* loginWidget *} Use another account Sign Up / Sign In Welcome back. Please sign in {* #userInformationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} Use another account You're Almost Done! Please confirm the information below before signing in. {* #socialRegistrationForm *} {* socialRegistration_displayName *} {* socialRegistration_emailAddress *} *Indicates Required Field {* socialRegistration_signInButton *} {* /socialRegistrationForm *} REGISTER Already have an account? Sign In * Required fields {* #registrationForm *} {* traditionalRegistration_emailAddress *} {* traditionalRegistration_password *} {* traditionalRegistration_passwordConfirm *} {* traditionalRegistration_displayName *} {* registration_firstName *} {* registration_lastName *} {* registration_birthday *} {* registration_postalZip *} By submitting your registration information, you agree to our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. {* createAccountButton *} {* /registrationForm *} Why are we asking this? We collect zip code so that we may deliver news, weather, special offers and other content related to your specific geographic area. Thank you for registering! We have sent a confirmation email to {* data_emailAddress *}. Please check your email and click on the link to activate your account. Thank you for registering! We look forward to seeing you on [website] frequently. Visit us and sign in to update your profile, receive the latest news and keep up to date with mobile alerts. Click here to return to the page you were visiting. Reset your password Don't worry, it happens. We'll send you a link to create a new password. {* #forgotPasswordForm *} {* forgotPassword_emailAddress *} {* forgotPassword_sendButton *} {* /forgotPasswordForm *} Email sent We have sent you an email with a link to change your password. {* mergeAccounts *} Sign in to complete account merge {* #tradAuthenticateMergeForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* mergePassword *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /tradAuthenticateMergeForm *} Thanks for verifying your email address Edit your profile Resend Email Verification Sorry we could not verify that email address. Enter your email below and we'll send you another email. {* #resendVerificationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* submitButton *} {* /resendVerificationForm *} Resend Email Verification Click submit to receive another verification email {* #resendVerificationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* submitButton *} {* /resendVerificationForm *} Your Verification Email Has Been Sent Check your email for a verification link Close Live 12386682 Home 12386742 News County by County Weird Florida Nation & World Skyvision El Faro Action Button Links Download News App Black History Month 12386688 Weather First Alert Doppler HD Interactive Radar First Alert Wx App Sky Cams Hour by Hour 7-Day Forecast Weekend Forecast Hurricane Center Buresh Blog Weather Photos Eclipse 2017 12386748 Traffic First Alert Traffic Twitter Gas Prices 12386964 Watch Watch Live Stream Watch Latest Newscast Video Social Media Photo Galleries Action News Jax Sunday 15413233 Investigates Restaurant Report Predator Alert 12386760 Sports Action Sports Jax Jacksonville Jaguars Friday Night Blitz Georgia - Florida Game SEC Sports ACC Sports Dream 18 Super Bowl Fight for the Fedora Daytona Contest 12386850 Family Focus Community Calendar Bozard Bash 166575486 About Us Action News Jax Team What's On WJAX-TV Get TV MeTV on MyTVJax Talent Appearances Submit Events Contact Us Jobs at Cox Millennials at CMG 417767243 Local Solutions 166656945 Home for Good Jax 166650644 Jax Dream Home Pros 413973870 Zika virus in Florida More Trump launches his attack on banks' financial restraints by: JILL COLVIN and MARCY GORDON, Associated Press Updated: Feb 3, 2017 - 6:27 PM Twtter WASHINGTON (AP) - President Donald Trump launched his long-promised attack Friday on banking rules that were rushed into law after the nation's economic crisis, signing new orders after meeting with business and investment chiefs and pledging further action to free big banks from restrictions. Wall Street cheered him on, but Trump risks disillusioning his working-class voters. He directed his Treasury secretary to review the devilishly complex 2010 Dodd-Frank financial oversight law, which was signed by President Barack Obama to overhaul regulations after the financial and housing crisis of the past decade. It aimed to restrain banks' from misdeeds that many blamed for the crisis. The new president also signed a memorandum instructing the Labor Department to delay an Obama-era rule that requires financial professionals who charge commissions to put their clients' best interests first when giving advice on retirement investments. While the order on Dodd-Frank, named after its Democratic sponsors, won't have an immediate impact, Trump's intent is clear. The law has been a disaster in restricting banks' activities, he said earlier this week. "We're going to be doing a big number on Dodd-Frank." During a meeting with business leaders, including JPMorgan Chase CEO Jamie Dimon on Friday, he said, "Frankly I have so many people, friends of mine that have nice businesses that can't borrow money. They just can't get any money because the banks just won't let 'em borrow because of the rules and regulations of Dodd-Frank." Those regulations unnecessarily cramp the U.S. economy and job creation, he declared. But many Democrats see it differently, including Sen. Elizabeth Warren, who was behind the formation of the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau, formed as part of the Dodd-Frank law. "Donald Trump talked a big game about Wall Street during his campaign - but as president, we're finding out whose side he's really on," Warren said in a statement. "The Wall Street bankers and lobbyists whose greed and recklessness nearly destroyed this country may be toasting each other with champagne, but the American people have not forgotten the 2008 financial crisis - and they will not forget what happened today." The crisis touched off the worst recession since the 1930s Great Depression, wiping out $11 trillion in U.S. household wealth and leaving about 8 million Americans jobless. U.S. taxpayers funded multibillion-dollar bailouts of Wall Street mega-banks, smaller banks across the country and other financial firms. Eight years on, the economy's recovery has been halting, a situation that contributed to Trump's election. Beyond being fed up with bailouts, consumers have an interest in the Financial Protection Bureau, which expanded regulators' ability to police a wide array of financial products and services. During his campaign, Trump pledged to repeal and replace the law, but he also railed against Wall Street excess and vowed to hold the industry accountable for the crisis. His rhetoric left questions about how closely he would align with the financial services industries' years-long fight to undo regulations they view as burdensome. Since winning the White House, Trump has cleared up some of those questions. He has filled his administration with millionaires and financiers and signed the orders after meeting with top CEOs and banking executives. In his other action Friday, Trump's presidential memorandum on financial advisers delayed implementation of the past administration's "fiduciary rule," aimed at blocking consultants from steering clients toward investments with higher commissions and fees that can eat away at retirement savings. The rule was to take effect in April. The financial services industry argues that the rule would limit retirees' investment choices by forcing asset managers to steer them to low-risk options. Meanwhile, unwinding most of Dodd-Frank will require legislation, and on Capitol Hill the Republicans' yearning to cut it down is as strong as ever. But tax reform, reworking "Obamacare" and other issues are more immediate priorities, some Republicans suggest. Further, the big Wall Street banks already have baked in many of the Dodd-Frank rules and aren't clamoring to unwind all of them. Aiming lower, in the pre-dawn hours of Friday, Congress passed and sent to Trump for his signature legislation striking down a rule that requires oil and gas companies to disclose payments to the U.S. or foreign governments for commercial development. Critics warn that rolling back the Dodd-Frank regulations would put the economy at risk. "You can blow up the financial system and really crush the American economy. I think that's where they're headed," said Michael S. Barr, a former assistant treasury secretary for financial institutions and a key architect of the law. The Consumer Financial Protection Bureau is a prime target within the law for Republican lawmakers, who have long accused it of overreach. But there are political risks in Trump taking a hatchet to a watchdog agency focused on protecting ordinary consumers against abusive practices by banks, mortgage companies, credit card issuers, payday lenders, debt collectors and others. Over five years, the agency says, it has recovered $11.7 billion that it returned to more than 27 million harmed consumers. "You could expect pushback, that this is about favoring Wall Street over Main Street," said Phillip Swagel, an assistant Treasury secretary for economic policy in the George W. Bush administration. Going after the bureau, Barr said, would likely hurt consumers, "including some of President Trump's strongest supporters." __ Follow Colvin on Twitter at https://twitter.com/colvinj Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. Twtter Trump launches his attack on banks' financial restraints Mexico gets Trump's trade ire. Japan and Germany, a pass Protesters meet new education secretary as she visits school Trump cites voter fraud in NH without providing evidence Smiles, a hug set tone for Trump's meeting with Japan's Abe News Local News National/World News Video Traffic First Alert Weather Interactive Radar First Alert Doppler HD Advertisers & Sponsors Cars at Autotrader Local Services at Kudzu About Us About WJAX/WFOX What's on CBS47/ FOX30 WFOX Public File WFOX EEOC Statement WJAX Public File WJAX EEOC Statement Jobs © 2017 Cox Media Group. By using this website, you accept the terms of our Visitor Agreement and Privacy Policy, and understand your options regarding Ad Choices. Learn about careers at Cox Media Group.
Buy Gateway Distriparks; target of Rs 314: Motilal Oswal - New India Assurance posts nine-month net profit of Rs 455 crore Keep your account secure » X Ensure that your correct email id and mobile has been registered with moneycontrol. If not, please update your profile and secure the account now. Updating your email id and mobile number offers following benefits: If someone tries to reset your password, you will be informed immediately Only you will receive email & sms alerts relating to your stocks & overall portfolio Opted-in market updates, news, research reports, will be delivered to you on-time Update your profile now » News Quotes NAVs Commodities Futures News Messages Notices Videos All Search Language App Subscriptions Specials Sign-In Register Santa Claus Logout Hindi Gujrati Profile Portfolio Watchlist Messages Alerts News markets Mutual Funds commodities Property personal finance portfolio Forum LIVE TV TV18 terminal Home Business Management Talk Markets Stocks Politics International Tech Lifestyle SME Videos Home » News » Markets » International Markets Feb 04, 2017, 03.12 PM | Source: Reuters Banks, jobs data send Wall Street higher US stocks climbed on Friday, with the S&P 500 closing just short of a record high, boosted by gains in financial shares as President Donald Trump moved ahead with deregulation action and by a strong payrolls report. Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3 Banks, jobs data send Wall Street higher US stocks climbed on Friday, with the S&P 500 closing just short of a record high, boosted by gains in financial shares as President Donald Trump moved ahead with deregulation action and by a strong payrolls report. Post Your Comments Share Cancel US stocks climbed on Friday, with the S&P 500 closing just short of a record high, boosted by gains in financial shares as President Donald Trump moved ahead with deregulation action and by a strong payrolls report. The S&P financial sector jumped 2 percent to score its best day since mid-November after Trump signed an executive order to scale back regulations in the industry that were implemented in the wake of the financial crisis, including the Dodd-Frank law. JP Morgan Chase shares closed up 3.1 percent at USD 87.18 as the biggest boost to the S&P 500 and helped push the S&P bank index up 2.6 percent. The US public and private sectors created 227,000 jobs last month, according to the Labor Department, far more than the 175,000 economists had expected. The unemployment rate ticked up to 4.8 percent while average hourly wages grew only 0.1 percent, which is likely to keep the Federal Reserve on a gradual path to raise US interest rates. "The key to the payroll number was wage growth; that takes March off the calendar (for a rate hike), that is the notion there," said Stephen Massocca, Chief Investment Officer, Wedbush Equity Management LLC in San Francisco. "The Dodd-Frank think wasn’t unexpected, but it happened and it is clear the direction (Trump) is moving in and that added to it." The financial sector has rocketed up more than 18 percent since the Nov. 8 election while the bank sector has surged more than 25 percent on expectations Trump would scale back regulations. The Dow Jones Industrial Average rose 186.55 points, or 0.94 percent, to close at 20,071.46, the S&P 500 gained 16.57 points, or 0.73 percent, to 2,297.42 and the Nasdaq Composite added 30.57 points, or 0.54 percent, to 5,666.77. Friday's gains helped the indexes recoup most, if not all, of the losses from earlier in the week. The S&P and Nasdaq each gained 0.1 percent while the Dow shed 0.1 percent. Amazon.com fell 3.5 percent to USD 810.20 after the world's largest online retailer forecast a surprise dip in operating profit for the current quarter. The stock pulled the S&P 500 consumer discretionary index down 0.1 percent as the only major S&P sector in negative territory for the session. Macy's jumped gained 6.4 percent to USD 32.69 following a takeover approach from Canada's Hudson's Bay . Advancing issues outnumbered declining ones on the NYSE by a 3.78-to-1 ratio; on Nasdaq, a 2.82-to-1 ratio favoured advancers. The S&P 500 posted 27 new 52-week highs and six new lows; the Nasdaq Composite recorded 138 new highs and 25 new lows. About 6.45 billion shares changed hands in US exchanges, compared with the 6.71 billion daily average over the last 20 sessions. Tags  Reuters Wall Street Dow Jones Nasdaq S&P500 US Market Buy, Hold, Sell ? Hear it first on M3 Banks, jobs data send Wall Street higher See all Sign in or Login with Username Password Keep me signed in   Forgot password? Don't have an account yet? - Register now news Budget News Top News Budget 2017: Modi-Jaitley star as Sherlock-Watson as newspapers react Budget 2017 had 'shortest list of bad news': Ridham Desai Budget 2017: What's in store for startup founders & their employees Budget allocation to Water Resources Ministry hiked by 11% Budget extends window for startups to avail tax benefits Mixed reaction by aviation, tourism industry experts to Budget Here is what India's Startup CEOs feel about Budget 2017-18 Budget 2017 to bring positive structure to economy: Anil Sardana Union Budget 2017-18: Government is on fast track mode, says Gagan Banga Save sovereignty of constitution: Sasikala to Guv in a letter Polling begins for phase-I of UP Assembly elections Raincoat Jibe: Rahul says Modi likes to peep into 'bathrooms' Shriram Transport to raise Rs 200 cr by via masala bonds Trump says he is working on a major tax reform See all Video of the day Pharma bottoming out but invest selectively: Emkay Global Explore Moneycontrol STOCKS A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z Others MUTUAL FUNDS A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z Live Sensex Public Sector Banks Market Statistics Plan Insurance Global Market Business News Mutual Fund Best Portfolio Manager Bse Sensex Nse Nifty Commodities Price Silver Price/Rate in India Gold Price/Rate in India Crude Oil USD to INR Bank Fixed Deposits Company Fixed Deposits Small Savings Schemes Bonds Budget: 2011, 2012, 2013, 2014, 2015, 2016 | Budget 2017 Tax Calculator RBI Credit Policy News Archive FAQs Financial Glossary Forum Moneybhai Think India History India Latest News IBNLive News News in Hindi Cricket News Paper Peek Exam Special CBSE Sample Papers India News Restaurants in Delhi Online Shopping in India Cairn India Euro Infosys Inflation Silver Glenmark Pharmaceuticals Snapdeal Starbucks Narendra Modi Crore Rss Feeds Site Map  |  About Us  |  Contact Us  |  Feedback  |  Advertise  |  Bookmark  |  Disclaimer  |  Privacy Statement  |  Terms of Use  |  Careers Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited. Login Sign Up Get started using your favorite social network or Login using moneycontrol ID Username Password Need help logging in? Reset password. Don´t have an account? Sign Up Get started using your favorite social network or Simply sign up using this short form * mandatory UserName* Username should be atleast 4 character Password* Password should be 8 or more characters, atleast 1 number, 1 symbol & 1 upper case letter Alert Your Password should contain 8 or more characters At least 1 number At least 1 symbol At least 1 upper case letter Confirm Password* Email Already have an account? Login Register Now Sign In X Name* Enter Alphabets only Email* Enter valid email id Contact No.* Enter 10 digits only City Mumbai Delhi Kolkata Bengaluru Chennai Hyderabad Pune Other Interested in All Confused? use our Compare Brokers feature. Register Now Thank you for registering. Respective broker representative will reach you shortly. sign in
× We hope you have enjoyed your complimentary access for the month. Already a subscriber? Click on the button below to set up your account or log in if you already have one. Want to become a subscriber? Purchase a digital-only subscription now for unlimited online access to local news and information. Digital-only Access Unlimited Access to: nwitimes.com mobile web and mobile apps e-replica edition of printed newspaper Digital-only access only $10.00/mo Current Subscriber? Set up your account Log In Current Subscriber? Set up Account You are the owner of this article. Edit Article Add New Article Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout Subscribe Customer Service Calendar Home News Latest Updates Lake County News Porter County News LaPorte County News State and Regional News South Suburban News National News World News Government and Politics Crime News History E-Edition Sports NWI Preps Columnists Business Northwest Indiana Business Headlines Jobs and Employment Transportation News Healthcare News Business Columnists Opinion Letters to the Editor NWI.com Blogs Editorials Forum Columnists Entertainment Comics Games Horoscopes Northwest Indiana Calendar People Lifestyles Inspired Living Health & Fitness Food and Cooking Home and Garden Celebrations Photos Buy Photos Obituaries Area Deaths/Tributes Cars Jobs Homes For Sale Ads Rental Ads Rental Showcase Classifieds Buy Local Deals Coupons Newspaper Ads Buy Photos Business Directory Weekly Ads Contact Us Customer Service Toggle navigation Menu Search Search Log In Using Your Account Log In Don't have an account? Sign Up Today My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout 38° Munster, IN (46321) Today Considerable cloudiness. High 48F. Winds ENE at 5 to 10 mph.. Tonight Cloudy. Slight chance of a shower throughout the evening. Low 32F. Winds N at 5 to 10 mph. Updated: February 11, 2017 @ 12:55 am Full Forecast News Sports Business Photos Obits Classifieds Close 1 of 4 Pablo Martinez Monsivais In this Feb. 2, 2017, photo, President Donald Trump speaks in the Roosevelt Room of the White House in Washington. Trump is taking his first steps aimed at scaling back financial services regulations. The president will sign an executive order Friday that will direct the Treasury secretary to review the 2010 Dodd-Frank financial oversight law, which reshaped financial regulation after the 2008-09 financial crisis. (AP Photo/Pablo Martinez Monsivais) Pablo Martinez Monsivais President Donald Trump holds up an executive order after his signing the order in the Oval Office of the White House in Washington, Friday, Feb. 3, 2017. The executive order that will direct the Treasury secretary to review the 2010 Dodd-Frank financial oversight law, which reshaped financial regulation after 2008-2009 crisis. (AP Photo/Pablo Martinez Monsivais) Pablo Martinez Monsivais President Donald Trump prepares to sign an executive order in the Oval Office of the White House in Washington, Friday, Feb. 3, 2017. Trump signed an executive order that will direct the Treasury secretary to review the 2010 Dodd-Frank financial oversight law, which reshaped financial regulation after 2008-2009 crisis. At left is Vice President Mike Pence. (AP Photo/Pablo Martinez Monsivais) k.vineys Graphic describes White House executive orders as of Feb. 3; 3c x 6 inches; 146 mm x 152 mm; AP Trump launches his attack on banks' financial restraints By JILL COLVIN and MARCY GORDON Associated Press Feb 3, 2017 Pablo Martinez Monsivais In this Feb. 2, 2017, photo, President Donald Trump speaks in the Roosevelt Room of the White House in Washington. Trump is taking his first steps aimed at scaling back financial services regulations. The president will sign an executive order Friday that will direct the Treasury secretary to review the 2010 Dodd-Frank financial oversight law, which reshaped financial regulation after the 2008-09 financial crisis. (AP Photo/Pablo Martinez Monsivais) Pablo Martinez Monsivais President Donald Trump holds up an executive order after his signing the order in the Oval Office of the White House in Washington, Friday, Feb. 3, 2017. The executive order that will direct the Treasury secretary to review the 2010 Dodd-Frank financial oversight law, which reshaped financial regulation after 2008-2009 crisis. (AP Photo/Pablo Martinez Monsivais) Pablo Martinez Monsivais President Donald Trump prepares to sign an executive order in the Oval Office of the White House in Washington, Friday, Feb. 3, 2017. Trump signed an executive order that will direct the Treasury secretary to review the 2010 Dodd-Frank financial oversight law, which reshaped financial regulation after 2008-2009 crisis. At left is Vice President Mike Pence. (AP Photo/Pablo Martinez Monsivais) k.vineys Graphic describes White House executive orders as of Feb. 3; 3c x 6 inches; 146 mm x 152 mm; WASHINGTON (AP) — President Donald Trump launched his long-promised attack Friday on banking rules that were rushed into law after the nation's economic crisis, signing new orders after meeting with business and investment chiefs and pledging further action to free big banks from restrictions. Wall Street cheered him on, but Trump risks disillusioning his working-class voters. He directed his Treasury secretary to review the devilishly complex 2010 Dodd-Frank financial oversight law, which was signed by President Barack Obama to overhaul regulations after the financial and housing crisis of the past decade. It aimed to restrain banks' from misdeeds that many blamed for the crisis. The new president also signed a memorandum instructing the Labor Department to delay an Obama-era rule that requires financial professionals who charge commissions to put their clients' best interests first when giving advice on retirement investments. While the order on Dodd-Frank, named after its Democratic sponsors, won't have an immediate impact, Trump's intent is clear. The law has been a disaster in restricting banks' activities, he said earlier this week. "We're going to be doing a big number on Dodd-Frank." During a meeting with business leaders, including JPMorgan Chase CEO Jamie Dimon on Friday, he said, "Frankly I have so many people, friends of mine that have nice businesses that can't borrow money. They just can't get any money because the banks just won't let 'em borrow because of the rules and regulations of Dodd-Frank." Those regulations unnecessarily cramp the U.S. economy and job creation, he declared. But many Democrats see it differently, including Sen. Elizabeth Warren, who was behind the formation of the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau, formed as part of the Dodd-Frank law. "Donald Trump talked a big game about Wall Street during his campaign — but as president, we're finding out whose side he's really on," Warren said in a statement. "The Wall Street bankers and lobbyists whose greed and recklessness nearly destroyed this country may be toasting each other with champagne, but the American people have not forgotten the 2008 financial crisis — and they will not forget what happened today." The crisis touched off the worst recession since the 1930s Great Depression, wiping out $11 trillion in U.S. household wealth and leaving about 8 million Americans jobless. U.S. taxpayers funded multibillion-dollar bailouts of Wall Street mega-banks, smaller banks across the country and other financial firms. Eight years on, the economy's recovery has been halting, a situation that contributed to Trump's election. Beyond being fed up with bailouts, consumers have an interest in the Financial Protection Bureau, which expanded regulators' ability to police a wide array of financial products and services. During his campaign, Trump pledged to repeal and replace the law, but he also railed against Wall Street excess and vowed to hold the industry accountable for the crisis. His rhetoric left questions about how closely he would align with the financial services industries' years-long fight to undo regulations they view as burdensome. Since winning the White House, Trump has cleared up some of those questions. He has filled his administration with millionaires and financiers and signed the orders after meeting with top CEOs and banking executives. In his other action Friday, Trump's presidential memorandum on financial advisers delayed implementation of the past administration's "fiduciary rule," aimed at blocking consultants from steering clients toward investments with higher commissions and fees that can eat away at retirement savings. The rule was to take effect in April. The financial services industry argues that the rule would limit retirees' investment choices by forcing asset managers to steer them to low-risk options. Meanwhile, unwinding most of Dodd-Frank will require legislation, and on Capitol Hill the Republicans' yearning to cut it down is as strong as ever. But tax reform, reworking "Obamacare" and other issues are more immediate priorities, some Republicans suggest. Further, the big Wall Street banks already have baked in many of the Dodd-Frank rules and aren't clamoring to unwind all of them. Aiming lower, in the pre-dawn hours of Friday, Congress passed and sent to Trump for his signature legislation striking down a rule that requires oil and gas companies to disclose payments to the U.S. or foreign governments for commercial development. Critics warn that rolling back the Dodd-Frank regulations would put the economy at risk. Get breaking news sent instantly to your inbox Sign Up! I understand and agree that registration on or use of this site consitutes agreement to its user agreement and privacy policy. "You can blow up the financial system and really crush the American economy. I think that's where they're headed," said Michael S. Barr, a former assistant treasury secretary for financial institutions and a key architect of the law. The Consumer Financial Protection Bureau is a prime target within the law for Republican lawmakers, who have long accused it of overreach. But there are political risks in Trump taking a hatchet to a watchdog agency focused on protecting ordinary consumers against abusive practices by banks, mortgage companies, credit card issuers, payday lenders, debt collectors and others. Over five years, the agency says, it has recovered $11.7 billion that it returned to more than 27 million harmed consumers. "You could expect pushback, that this is about favoring Wall Street over Main Street," said Phillip Swagel, an assistant Treasury secretary for economic policy in the George W. Bush administration. Going after the bureau, Barr said, would likely hurt consumers, "including some of President Trump's strongest supporters." __ Follow Colvin on Twitter at https://twitter.com/colvinj Tags Wire Politics Business General News Government And Politics Financial Industry Regulation Industry Regulation Government Business And Finance Government Regulations Financial Crisis Financial Markets Economy Dodd-frank Wall Street Reform And Consumer Protection Act Banking And Credit Financial Services Legislation Legislature Consumer Protection And Advocacy Consumer Affairs Laws Banking And Credit Regulation Latest in section Detroit Tigers, Red Wings owner Mike Ilitch dies at age 87 Apple, Inc. CEO Tim Cook Talks Up Augmented Reality's Potential (Again) Detroit Tigers, Red Wings owner Mike Ilitch dies at age 87 Panama raids homes of law firm partners in Brazil bribe case One Region wants to stem NWI's brain drain More on this topic Detroit Tigers, Red Wings owner Mike Ilitch dies at age 87 Apple, Inc. CEO Tim Cook Talks Up Augmented Reality's Potential (Again) Detroit Tigers, Red Wings owner Mike Ilitch dies at age 87 Panama raids homes of law firm partners in Brazil bribe case Boulder County keeps drilling moratorium despite warning Most Popular on nwi.com Indiana is the fourth most miserable state in the union Gourmet taco restaurant to open in Highland One dead in Michigan City area wreck 2 charged in shooting at Fed Ex in Munster UPDATE: East Chicago man killed in Gary shooting Local Companies | FindTheCompany Currents Home and Garden 7 Valentine's Day deliveries that aren't flowers Movies The best romantic comedies to watch on Valentine's Day National News The 50 highest-paying jobs in the healthcare industry USC women upset No. 9 Oregon State, 70-50 Kings rally from 22 down to beat Hawks 108-107 Booker scores 27 points, Suns roll past Bulls 115-97 Christina Ricci recalls her naked scene in Z: The Beginning of Everything Find local businesses View local offers Local Businesses Ryan Spangler- State Farm 10210 Wicker Ave, St. John, IN 46373 Ads Bednar Auction Service 8241 Double Tree Ct, Crown Point, IN 46307 Ads Center For Visual & Performing Arts 1040 Ridge Rd, Munster, IN 46321 Meyers Develpt. 9725 Parkway Dr., Highland, IN 46322 Business Directory Latest Local Offers United Starter & Alternator, LLC United Starter & Alternator repairs anything with a starter, alternator or generator! Click here or call today: 219-696-9095 Updated Feb 9, 2017 Doherty Images - Photography by Pete Doherty Doherty Images Photography - Commercial and Residential Photography call us at 219-670-2092 Updated Feb 9, 2017 Good Guys Collision At Good Guys Collision Center we do it right the first time. Call us today! Updated Feb 9, 2017 Wahlberg Photography Studio Inc. While specializing in panoramic and school photography, Wahlberg Photography Studio Inc. customizes our services and products to meet your needs! Feb 2, 2017 E-edition Inspired Living Get Healthy Your Family Featured Sections Best of the Region Buy Local Deals Regional Crime Report CrimeTimes Northwest Indiana Calendar Online Features Contact The Times About Us Subscribe Manage Your Subscription Send a News Tip Newspapers In Education Donation Request Work At The Times RSS Feeds E-newsletter Sign-Up © Copyright 2017 NWI Times, 601 W. 45th Ave. Munster, IN | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy Powered by BLOX Content Management System from TownNews.com.
SECTIONS Welcome Log in Subscribe Support Logout ← BACK TO ARTICLE LOG IN LOG OUT 8° Light snow High: 25° | Low: 19° Ten Day ForecastWeather Alert Home News More in News Local & State Nation & World Cops & Courts Schools & Education Community News Special Features The Maine Forecast Politics More in Politics Gov. Paul LePage President-elect Donald Trump 2016 Election Results Business More in Business Business Breakfast A Word with the Boss On the Job Portfolio People on the Move Sports More in Sports High School Sports New England Patriots Super Bowl 2017 Boston Celtics Boston Bruins Boston Red Sox Outdoors Opinion More in Opinion Editorials Columns Bill Nemitz Greg Kesich Letters Maine Voices Live Food More in Food Restaurant reviews Eat & Run Recipes Cookbook Reviews Source More in Source Green Plate Special Maine Gardener 2017 Source Sustainability Awards: Call for Nominations Meet Sea Change Source Awards Lifestyle More in Lifestyle Things to Do MaineToday Magazine Arts & Entertainment Books Scene & Heard Religion and Values Crossword Sudoku Maine Today Real Estate More in Real Estate Featured Home Home of the Week Design Open Houses Obituaries Auto More in Auto New Cars Used Cars Jobs Open Sign in or Subscribe. See Offers Nation & World Posted February 3 Updated February 3 increase font size Trump takes steps to unwind banking rules set up after last crisis The president orders a review of the 2010 Dodd-Frank financial oversight law, which grew out of the 2008-09 financial crisis. By Renae Merle and Steven MufsonThe Washington Post Share Comment Read Article WASHINGTON — President Trump on Friday launched a broad effort to ease regulations on Wall Street, setting up what is likely to be a protracted battle over how to unwind rules put in place after the last financial crisis. In an executive order, Trump ordered a review of the laws and regulations that govern the U.S. financial system in an opening bid to upend 2010’s financial overhaul law, known as Dodd-Frank. The complicated legislation, which took months to negotiate, touches nearly every aspect of the way banks operate and includes hundreds of rules, some of which have yet to be implemented President Trump holds up an executive order he signed in the Oval Office of the White House in Washington on Friday. The executive order directs the Treasury secretary to review the 2010 Dodd-Frank financial oversight law, which reshaped financial regulation after 2008-2009 crisis. Associated Press/Pablo Martinez Monsivais Related Headlines Dodd-Frank act designed to keep Wall Street in line Search photos available for purchase: Photo Store → “We expect to be cutting a lot out of Dodd-Frank,” Trump said during a meeting with business leaders Friday morning. “Because frankly, I have so many people, friends of mine, that had nice businesses, they just can’t borrow money … because the banks just won’t let them borrow because of the rules and regulations in Dodd- Frank.” The prospect of another drawn-out battle over a Wall Street overhaul is being met tepidly by some financial executives, who are wary of reawakening populist passions. After being the target of so many attacks in the years after the financial crisis, many have begun to see their profits grow and stock prices surge again, and they have urged the administration to proceed cautiously. Adjusting to a new regulatory environment would be too costly, they say. TRUMP IS VAGUE ABOUT WHAT HE’D DO Trump has so far been vague about what he would do to the complex law: The language of his executive order did not even include the phrase “Dodd-Frank.” Instead, he instructed the treasury secretary to report back in 120 days on what rules promote or inhibit the administration’s priorities. Dodd-Frank has had a profound effect on the financial industry, forcing banks to submit to yearly “stress tests” to prove they could withstand economic turbulence and draw up “living wills” that lay out how the banks could be dismantled without harming the rest of the financial system. One controversial component, called the Volcker rule, bars banks from trading in high-risk securities using their own capital, a practice that contributed to the last crisis. The rule also limited the ability of banks to hide exotic risky securities off the banks’ balance sheets, concealing the extent of the banks’ debts. CRITICS: MORE OVERSIGHT NEEDED With Dodd-Frank still not fully implemented, critics have argued that Wall Street requires more oversight, not less. But Trump, who often attacked Wall Street during the campaign (and whose chief strategist, Stephen Bannon, has ripped into the big banks in the past), has adopted a different tone since taking office, offering to help the financial industry as part of a deregulatory agenda to boost the economy. During the meeting with more than a dozen chief executives, Trump noted that there were several bankers in the room, including Larry Fink, chief executive of the massive investment firm BlackRock. “Larry’s got a lot of my money, and I have to tell you, he got me great returns,” Trump said to laughs in the room. Later he noted that Jamie Dimon, the chief executive of JPMorgan Chase, one of the largest banks in the world, was also there. “There is nobody better to tell me about Dodd-Frank than Jamie,” Trump said, motioning to Dimon across the table. Trump is not just consulting with Wall Street. He has tapped about six alumni of Goldman Sachs for key positions in his administration, including Gary Cohn, the bank’s former president and the current head of the powerful National Economic Council. Steve Mnuchin, who is awaiting confirmation as treasury secretary, spent 17 years at Goldman. To unwind Dodd-Frank, some changes could be accomplished through appointing new leadership for the financial regulatory agencies, including the Securities and Exchange Commission and the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency. They could soften the impact of regulations through the rulemaking process or simply slow implementation. ALSO DELAYS FIDUCIARY RULE On Friday, for instance, Trump also signed a memorandum that could delay a Labor Department rule that would require financial professionals advising on retirement rules to put their clients’ interests ahead of their own. The “fiduciary rule,” scheduled to go into effect in April, has long been a target of Republicans, including close Trump ally Anthony Scaramucci, founder of SkyBridge Capital. Critics say the legislation is burdensome and would prompt financial advisers to offer only the most ordinary advice to clients for fear they could run afoul of the rules. To make more significant changes, Trump will need the cooperation of Congress. Rep. Jeb Hensarling, R-Texas, chair of the House Financial Services Committee, is preparing to unveil legislation that would revise Dodd Frank. The executive order marks “the beginning of the end of the Dodd-Frank mistake,” Hensarling said. One of the authors of Dodd-Frank, former representative Barney Frank, D-Mass., was critical of new attacks on the law, taking note of how Trump is relying on people such as former Goldman Sachs leader Cohn, who come from the industry they would deregulate. “This is a betrayal of his pledge to help the ordinary citizen against the big guys, against Wall Street. He is giving Wall Street what it couldn’t get through the political process,” Frank said. SMALL BANKS WANT CHANGE Big banks, which have spent millions complying with the law, have called for a tweaking of the rules, rather than a complete overall. But smaller banks are expected to push for more aggressive reform. They say they are too small to pose a threat to the financial system but still face extreme regulatory burdens. “The current one-size-fits-all style of regulation does not work for Main Street – local credit unions, small banks, and the consumers and small businesses they serve,” said Jim Nussle, president of the Credit Union National Association. “We’re hopeful that the core principles spelled out today will help ensure community financial institutions and the millions of Americans that rely on them are able to operate in a more favorable environment.” The industry has been uniformly critical of the Volcker rule. Critics have said the rule, aimed at investments banks such as Goldman Sachs and Morgan Stanley, unnecessarily limits some safe activities. The industry also has complained about rules intended to change the way Wall Street executives are paid, making it harder for them to earn big bonuses by waging risky financial bets. The administration’s efforts could also hit the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau, which was created by Dodd-Frank. Republicans have been pushing for an overhaul of the way the agency is run, including calling for its director, Richard Cordray, to be fired. But Democrats say the independent agency has played an important role in cracking down on big banks and corporations accused of misleading consumers. “One of the surprising things to me is that they 1/8appear3/8 willing to go after a consumer agency that has already demonstrated how effective it is,” said Michael Barr, a University of Michigan Law School professor and a key architect of Dodd-Frank while serving in the Treasury Department in 2009 and 2010. Jim Millstein, founder of Millstein & Co. and chief restructuring officer at the Treasury Department from 2009 to 2011 under President Barack Obama, said undoing the law would be difficult. The Volcker rule represents just a few sentences of the law but hundreds of pages of regulations. “They should tread carefully. Only eight years ago we had the biggest financial crisis of our time, and they clearly don’t want to be responsible for the next one,” Millstein said. Lawrence Summers, a former treasury secretary and head of Obama’s National Economic Council, said some changes to Dodd-Frank are warranted, such as looking at ways to ease the burden on smaller banks and removing some excessive bureaucracy. “Is an indiscriminate attack spearheaded by former big bankers the right approach? Very unlikely. The systemic risks remain real, and we can’t afford complacency,” Summers said. Asked about Trump’s complaint that his friends had trouble getting loans, Summers said, “In any world if a real estate developer’s good friends could get all the credit they wanted, there would be much to worry about in terms of financial stability.” Share Read or Post Comments Were you interviewed for this story? If so, please fill out our accuracy form Send questions/comments to the editors. More Like This Recent Read Shared Another View: The Kelly twins offer vital data for space travel's future Another View: Labeling Muslim group 'terrorist' ill-advised Maine's aerospace exports soared to record $312 million last year Letter to the editor: Bearing witness to end of life remains humbling Letter to the editor: Collins respects the rules of Senate — when it suits her For Standish couple, suicide was a loving choice, relatives say Susan Collins defends her vote to silence colleague Elizabeth Warren L.L. Bean offers retirement buyouts to trim workforce by 10% Eight people (yes, 8) attend pro-Trump rally in Portland - and Twitter noticed New force in Portland politics packs a one-two punch An Italian lawmaker wants to make it a crime for parents to feed their kids vegan diets These lobster buoys feed birds rather than marking traps Estefans to feed homeless as their music starts Macy's parade Solidarity Harvest corrals massive food drive to feed 8,000 Seaweed can help feed the world – but will we eat it? Here at MaineToday Media we value our readers and are committed to growing our community by encouraging you to add to the discussion. To ensure conscientious dialogue we have implemented a strict no-bullying policy. To participate, you must follow our Terms of Use. Click here to flag and report a comment that violates our terms of use. BACK TO TOP CUSTOMER SERVICE My Account Subscriptions Home Delivery Help Digital Subscriptions Reader Services Contact Us Privacy Policy Purchase a Photo CONNECT e-Edition Mobile Email Newsletters Contact Advertising Site Feedback Staff Directory SITE INDEX Full Site Index News Politics Business Lifestyle Opinion Sports Obituaries Blogs Video NETWORK About MaineToday Media Work Here Media Kit CentralMaine.com MaineToday.com © 2017 MaineToday Media
Menu National Change Location Change Location Select Location BC Calgary Edmonton Halifax Lethbridge London Montreal New Brunswick Okanagan Regina Saskatoon Toronto Winnipeg Introduction Jonathan Malcolm Wayne Unnamed Sgt. Stephan Mental health support What now? Veterans funding Need help? TV News Programs Newscasts & Videos TV Global National Global National The West Block The Morning Show More … Personalities Video Centre Go Topics World Canada Local Introduction Jonathan Malcolm Wayne Unnamed Sgt. Stephan Mental health support What now? Veterans funding Need help? Politics Smart Living Money Entertainment Health Tech Science Sports Video Contests Live Like Follow Politics February 3, 2017 9:15 pm Updated: February 3, 2017 9:17 pm Donald Trump takes steps to roll back financial oversight laws By Jill Colvin and Marcy Gordon The Associated Press Two weeks into the presidency, Donald Trump is maintaining a frantic pace of executive orders and outlandish comments. As Jackson Proskow reports, observers worry its too much, too fast, as America's allies try to understand what it means for them. What is this? Sponsored content is written by Global News' editorial staff without any editorial influence by the sponsor. If you'd like to learn more... What is this ? X What is this? Sponsored content is written by Global News' without any editorial influence by the sponsor. If you'd like to learn more... - A A + Listen President Donald Trump launched his long-promised attack Friday on banking rules that were rushed into law after the nation’s economic crisis, signing new orders after meeting with business and investment chiefs and pledging further action to free big banks from restrictions. Wall Street cheered him on, but Trump risks disillusioning his working-class voters. He directed his Treasury secretary to review the devilishly complex 2010 Dodd-Frank financial oversight law, which was signed by President Barack Obama to overhaul regulations after the financial and housing crisis of the past decade. It aimed to restrain banks’ from misdeeds that many blamed for the crisis. The new president also signed a memorandum instructing the Labor Department to delay an Obama-era rule that requires financial professionals who charge commissions to put their clients’ best interests first when giving advice on retirement investments. WATCH: Donald Trump signs executive order to scale back financial regulations Story continues below While the order on Dodd-Frank, named after its Democratic sponsors, won’t have an immediate impact, Trump’s intent is clear. The law has been a disaster in restricting banks’ activities, he said earlier this week. “We’re going to be doing a big number on Dodd-Frank.” During a meeting with business leaders, including JPMorgan Chase CEO Jamie Dimon on Friday, he said, “Frankly I have so many people, friends of mine that have nice businesses that can’t borrow money. They just can’t get any money because the banks just won’t let ’em borrow because of the rules and regulations of Dodd-Frank.” Those regulations unnecessarily cramp the U.S. economy and job creation, he declared. But many Democrats see it differently, including Sen. Elizabeth Warren, who was behind the formation of the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau, formed as part of the Dodd-Frank law. READ MORE: NEXUS cars reportedly revoked in wake of Trump travel ban “Donald Trump talked a big game about Wall Street during his campaign – but as president, we’re finding out whose side he’s really on,” Warren said in a statement. “The Wall Street bankers and lobbyists whose greed and recklessness nearly destroyed this country may be toasting each other with champagne, but the American people have not forgotten the 2008 financial crisis – and they will not forget what happened today.” The crisis touched off the worst recession since the 1930s Great Depression, wiping out $11 trillion in U.S. household wealth and leaving about 8 million Americans jobless. U.S. taxpayers funded multibillion-dollar bailouts of Wall Street mega-banks, smaller banks across the country and other financial firms. Eight years on, the economy’s recovery has been halting, a situation that contributed to Trump’s election. Beyond being fed up with bailouts, consumers have an interest in the Financial Protection Bureau, which expanded regulators’ ability to police a wide array of financial products and services. Blackstone CEO Stephen Schwarzman listens at left as President Donald Trump speaks during a meeting with business leaders in the State Dining Room of the White House in Washington, Friday, Feb. 3, 2017. AP Photo/Evan Vucci During his campaign, Trump pledged to repeal and replace the law, but he also railed against Wall Street excess and vowed to hold the industry accountable for the crisis. His rhetoric left questions about how closely he would align with the financial services industries’ years-long fight to undo regulations they view as burdensome. Since winning the White House, Trump has cleared up some of those questions. He has filled his administration with millionaires and financiers and signed the orders after meeting with top CEOs and banking executives. In his other action Friday, Trump’s presidential memorandum on financial advisers delayed implementation of the past administration’s “fiduciary rule,” aimed at blocking consultants from steering clients toward investments with higher commissions and fees that can eat away at retirement savings. The rule was to take effect in April. READ MORE: Warren Buffett says he’s ‘bought $12 billion of common stocks’ since Donald Trump victory The financial services industry argues that the rule would limit retirees’ investment choices by forcing asset managers to steer them to low-risk options. Meanwhile, unwinding most of Dodd-Frank will require legislation, and on Capitol Hill the Republicans’ yearning to cut it down is as strong as ever. But tax reform, reworking “Obamacare” and other issues are more immediate priorities, some Republicans suggest. Further, the big Wall Street banks already have baked in many of the Dodd-Frank rules and aren’t clamouring to unwind all of them. Aiming lower, in the pre-dawn hours of Friday, Congress passed and sent to Trump for his signature legislation striking down a rule that requires oil and gas companies to disclose payments to the U.S. or foreign governments for commercial development. Global financial markets calm after Trump win 02:40 Global financial markets calm after Trump win 00:28 US financial leader in Japan says Trump presidency would worry Asian market 03:38 Congressional Democrats force delay to Senate votes for Trump’s treasury, health nominees 01:56 Trump hopes to strengthen mutual ties with Britain 02:37 Trump Inauguration: Impact on Canadian investments during the first 100 days Critics warn that rolling back the Dodd-Frank regulations would put the economy at risk. “You can blow up the financial system and really crush the American economy. I think that’s where they’re headed,” said Michael S. Barr, a former assistant treasury secretary for financial institutions and a key architect of the law. READ MORE: Donald Trump’s immigration orders leave U.S. stock futures low The Consumer Financial Protection Bureau is a prime target within the law for Republican lawmakers, who have long accused it of overreach. But there are political risks in Trump taking a hatchet to a watchdog agency focused on protecting ordinary consumers against abusive practices by banks, mortgage companies, credit card issuers, payday lenders, debt collectors and others. Over five years, the agency says, it has recovered $11.7 billion that it returned to more than 27 million harmed consumers. “You could expect pushback, that this is about favouring Wall Street over Main Street,” said Phillip Swagel, an assistant Treasury secretary for economic policy in the George W. Bush administration. Going after the bureau, Barr said, would likely hurt consumers, “including some of President Trump’s strongest supporters.” © 2017 The Canadian Press Report an error Donald Trump Donald Trump Executive Order donald trump financial law donald trump financial laws donald trump financial laws executive order donald trump financial oversight donald trump financial oversight law donald trump financial oversight laws financial oversight laws donald trump trump financial oversight trump financial oversight laws Editor's Picks Money Why variable-rate mortgages are becoming more attractive to Canadians Crime 20 years later, Diana Saunders still searches for her 3 missing sons Canada Muslim misconceptions: The everyday Islamophobia facing Canadians Money Trump travel ban prompts high-skilled workers, companies to reconsider Canada Politics Anonymous calls for travel ban on US citizens, boycott of Donald Trump businesses Commentary Cucks and chaos: How Trump sets conservatives at each other's throats Canada Renee was diagnosed with bipolar disorder, depression and agoraphobia. Here’s how she got help FLYERS More Weekly Flyers Comments Popular Now Man who beheaded Greyhound bus passenger granted full discharge 9669 Donald Trump is considering a whole new travel ban 4621 Seth Meyers calls out Donald Trump's silence on Quebec mosque shooting 3278 Why you should look up in the night sky this weekend 3101 Not the common cold: Mom urges parents to pay attention for RSV signs 2111 Sponsored content Popular Videos Missing Canadian found near Amazon rainforest, comes home to Toronto WATCH NOW Man missing in Alberta after collision on Highway 1 WATCH NOW Twin sex offenders released in Edmonton show long history of deviant behaviour WATCH NOW Anton Pilipa, missing Canadian found near Amazon rainforest, comes home to Toronto WATCH NOW Baltimore teen shot, killed by police one day after being released from jail WATCH NOW Jump to a Region BC Calgary Edmonton Halifax Lethbridge London Montreal New Brunswick Okanagan Regina Saskatoon Toronto Winnipeg Connect Facebook Twitter Google+ Instagram LinkedIn Tumblr Pinterest RSS Contact Us Global News About Us Privacy Policy Principles & Practices Terms & Conditions Copyright Corus Entertainment Advertise Branded Content Open Data © 2017 Global News, a division of Corus Entertainment Inc. Corus News. All rights reserved.
SECTIONS Welcome Log in Subscribe Support Logout ← BACK TO ARTICLE LOG IN LOG OUT 8° Light snow High: 25° | Low: 19° Ten Day ForecastWeather Alert Home News More in News Local & State Nation & World Cops & Courts Schools & Education Community News Special Features The Maine Forecast Politics More in Politics Gov. Paul LePage President-elect Donald Trump 2016 Election Results Business More in Business Business Breakfast A Word with the Boss On the Job Portfolio People on the Move Sports More in Sports High School Sports New England Patriots Super Bowl 2017 Boston Celtics Boston Bruins Boston Red Sox Outdoors Opinion More in Opinion Editorials Columns Bill Nemitz Greg Kesich Letters Maine Voices Live Food More in Food Restaurant reviews Eat & Run Recipes Cookbook Reviews Source More in Source Green Plate Special Maine Gardener 2017 Source Sustainability Awards: Call for Nominations Meet Sea Change Source Awards Lifestyle More in Lifestyle Things to Do MaineToday Magazine Arts & Entertainment Books Scene & Heard Religion and Values Crossword Sudoku Maine Today Real Estate More in Real Estate Featured Home Home of the Week Design Open Houses Obituaries Auto More in Auto New Cars Used Cars Jobs Open Sign in or Subscribe. See Offers Business Posted February 3 Updated February 3 increase font size Tricky business in the age of Trump and Twitter Companies are forced to take sides whether on social media or serving on a presidential board. By JULIE BYKOWICZAssociated Press Share Comment Read Article WASHINGTON — Uber’s CEO quit President Donald Trump’s business council. Nordstrom stopped selling Ivanka Trump’s fashion. Boeing, Lockheed Martin and Toyota, meanwhile, suffered through the discomfort of being on the receiving end of Trump Twitter tirades. The Trump era is a perilous new landscape for corporate America. Companies are feeling political pressure like never before, squeezed on one side by consumers who are boycotting products with any ties to the administration and on the other by the outspoken, social media-loving president. Ivanka Trump models an outfit to promote her clothing line in Toronto. Nordstrom said it will stop selling Ivanka Trump clothing and accessories and that the decision was based on the sales performance of the first daughter's brand. The Canadian Press/Pawel Dwulit Search photos available for purchase: Photo Store → For most companies, the decision to get political used to be made after long, careful deliberations among a company’s leader, public relations team, lawyers and lobbyists. Now, in an increasingly divided America, companies may have no choice but to move quickly. “You have to understand your customers in real time because political ramifications are happening instantly,” said Matt Friedman, a crisis communications adviser based near Detroit who has worked with public and private companies. “Each business now has to look at where their customer fits into the political divide and how their company values align to what the president is doing on a day-to-day basis.” The predicament for companies was on display ahead of Trump’s first White House meeting Friday with his business forum, a group that includes General Motors CEO Mary Barra, JP Morgan CEO Jamie Dimon and a dozen others. The night before, Uber’s Travis Kalanick told his employees he’d decided to quit the council because his presence on it was being “misinterpreted” as an endorsement of the president. “I spent a lot of time thinking about this and mapping it to our values,” Kalanick told employees in an internal memo obtained by the AP. Disney CEO Bob Iger didn’t attend either; instead he was at a company board meeting in California. A seat on a high-profile White House council, no matter the political party in power, has previously been a can’t-pass-up sign of prestige. It’s a direct way for a company to express opinions to the president – far less fraught than trying to gain access through lobbying or donating money. Trump said he intends to take advice from the council, which he said would meet regularly to discuss policies. Trump said he’d be seeking guidance on his plans to roll back the financial services legislation known as the Dodd-Frank bill from JP Morgan’s Dimon. “There’s nobody better to tell me about Dodd-Frank than Jamie,” he said Friday. CUSTOMER COMPLICATIONS But an audience with this president, at least at this stage, brings with it customer complications. No doubt weighing into Kalanick’s decision to give up that influence was the boycott the ride-sharing company, popular in urban, largely Democratic areas, had been experiencing all week. That campaign went viral on social media Saturday night when people perceived Uber as trying to break a taxi strike to and from New York’s John F. Kennedy Airport that was in response to Trump’s executive order suspending the country’s refugee program. It didn’t let up even after Uber publicly condemned Trump’s executive order and contributed to relief groups. Shannon Coulter, one of the organizers of the “Grab Your Wallet” social media effort to encourage boycotts of companies tied to Trump, said she would only be satisfied when Kalanick resigned from the presidential forum, saying: “This is not a ‘seat at the table’ moment. This is a flip-the-table moment.” Grab Your Wallet claimed another victory Thursday night when Nordstrom announced it had stopped selling first daughter Ivanka Trump’s fashion line. The company cited the brand’s performance. The department store was one of Grab Your Wallet’s first targets. Neiman Marcus also appears to have stopped selling her jewelry. “Companies have been late to the game with realizing how much ire it can create to associate with a person like Donald,” Coulter said. While the anti-Trump boycotters cheered Nordstrom, angry Trump supporters deluged the company with angry messages on Twitter – some saying they were now prepared to begin their own boycott. Nordstrom spent the night responding to hundreds of them, with messages like: “We’re so sorry to disappoint you. It’s not a political decision for us.” L.L. BEAN Maine-based retailer L.L. Bean faced the flip side of that. Linda Bean, one of many family members on the board of the company, gave money to a pro-Trump super PAC during the campaign, prompting Grab Your Wallet to call for a boycott, which in turn prompted Trump to weigh in with a bit of social-media marketing. “Thank you to Linda Bean of L.L. Bean for your great support and courage. People will support you even more now. Buy L.L. Bean,” Trump tweeted last month, a few weeks before taking office. When they make a move that could be perceived as a knock on the president, companies like Nordstrom must calculate not only the financial impact of angering Trump supporters but also the possibility that Trump himself could take notice – spiraling the crisis to another level. Robert Passikoff, president of Brand Keys Inc., said CEOs are especially vulnerable now because technology allows people to protest and vent their anger without organizing a march, or even leaving their home. Among those who can weigh in with a few finger taps: the leader of the free world. “The direct communication from the president of the United States, with attacks on specific brands and specific people, is not something we’ve ever seen before,” he said. Just how much this new, perilous environment for CEOs will actually affect business in the long term is difficult to know. Shares of Lockheed fell sharply after the president tweeted in December that the cost of its F-35 fighter jets was “out of control,” then fell again after he complained about the military contractor at a news conference the next month. The stock quickly recovered both times. Share Read or Post Comments Were you interviewed for this story? If so, please fill out our accuracy form Send questions/comments to the editors. More Like This Business Maine’s aerospace exports soared to record $312 million last year Nation & World Transgender doll heads to market Business Amazon will add Arkansas to sales tax list News Ford invests $1 billion in robotics startup as it works toward driverless car Recent Read Shared Another View: The Kelly twins offer vital data for space travel's future Another View: Labeling Muslim group 'terrorist' ill-advised Maine's aerospace exports soared to record $312 million last year Letter to the editor: Bearing witness to end of life remains humbling Letter to the editor: Collins respects the rules of Senate — when it suits her For Standish couple, suicide was a loving choice, relatives say Susan Collins defends her vote to silence colleague Elizabeth Warren L.L. Bean offers retirement buyouts to trim workforce by 10% Eight people (yes, 8) attend pro-Trump rally in Portland - and Twitter noticed New force in Portland politics packs a one-two punch An Italian lawmaker wants to make it a crime for parents to feed their kids vegan diets These lobster buoys feed birds rather than marking traps Estefans to feed homeless as their music starts Macy's parade Solidarity Harvest corrals massive food drive to feed 8,000 Seaweed can help feed the world – but will we eat it? Here at MaineToday Media we value our readers and are committed to growing our community by encouraging you to add to the discussion. To ensure conscientious dialogue we have implemented a strict no-bullying policy. To participate, you must follow our Terms of Use. Click here to flag and report a comment that violates our terms of use. BACK TO TOP CUSTOMER SERVICE My Account Subscriptions Home Delivery Help Digital Subscriptions Reader Services Contact Us Privacy Policy Purchase a Photo CONNECT e-Edition Mobile Email Newsletters Contact Advertising Site Feedback Staff Directory SITE INDEX Full Site Index News Politics Business Lifestyle Opinion Sports Obituaries Blogs Video NETWORK About MaineToday Media Work Here Media Kit CentralMaine.com MaineToday.com © 2017 MaineToday Media
AL.com Alabama Birmingham Huntsville Mobile Montgomery Tuscaloosa Anniston/Gadsden Beaches Alabama Menu Home Set Your Edition Alabama News Business Opinion Sports High School Sports Entertainment Obituaries Jobs Autos Real Estate Classifieds FIND&SAVE Photos & Videos Follow Us Subscribe Back to Main Menu Politics Education Crime Religion Your Community Back to Main Menu Hoover Vestavia Hills Homewood Mountain Brook Birmingham Bessemer Pelham Trussville Gardendale Fultondale Madison Limestone County The Shoals Back to Main Menu Find a Local Business Latest Job News Career Advice Press Releases Submit a Press Release Back to Main Menu Food & Dining Retail Shopping Health & Medicine Personal Care Entertainment Real Estate Automotive Claim Your Business Back to Main Menu AL.com Opinion Guest Opinion Submit a letter to the editor Back to Main Menu Alabama Football Alabama Basketball More Alabama Sports Auburn Football Auburn Basketball More Auburn Sports Recruiting High School Sports SEC More Alabama Colleges Sports Odds Outdoors Pro Sports More Back to Main Menu UAB USA Troy UNA Jacksonville State Alabama A&M Alabama State Auburn-Montgomery Birmingham-Southern Miles College Montevallo Samford University of Mobile West Alabama Spring Hill UAH Tuskegee Back to Main Menu NFL NBA MLB NHL Motorsports Alabama Hammers Birmingham Barons Mobile Bay Bears Montgomery Biscuits Atlanta Braves Back to Main Menu Football Boys Basketball Girls Basketball Wrestling Baseball Softball Boys Soccer Girls Soccer Boys Tennis Girls Tennis Boys Golf Girls Golf Off Season Sports Back to Main Menu Boys Track and Field Girls Track and Field Boys Swimming Girls Swimming Boys Cross Country Girls Cross Country Boys Bowling Girls Bowling Girls Volleyball Girls Winter Track Boys Winter Track Back to Main Menu Event Calendar Living Movies Music Food & Drink Dining Travel Celebrations Health & Fitness Books Home & Garden Weddings Birmingham Magazine Comics Puzzles & Games Best of Alabama Back to Main Menu Birmingham Events Huntsville Events Mobile Events Submit your event Back to Main Menu Birmingham Dining Huntsville Dining Mobile Dining Restaurant Guide Back to Main Menu Birmingham Obituaries Huntsville Obituaries Mobile Obituaries Back to Main Menu Search Job Openings List a Job Latest Job News Career Advice Back to Main Menu Homes for Sale New Homes For Rent Foreclosures Commercial Real Estate News Resources Back to Main Menu Home Buying Sell My Home Rental Living Home Ideas Mortgages and Loans I'm Moving Back to Main Menu Obituaries Rentals Pets For Sale Garage Sales Fraud Prevention Place An Ad Manage Your Ad More Classifieds Back to Main Menu Birmingham Huntsville Mobile Back to Main Menu AL.com Studios AL.com Photos Purchase AL.com Photos AL.com Videos Alabama Crimson Tide video Auburn Tigers video 5-Star Super Show SEC Shorts Back to Main Menu Visit our Facebook Page Follow us on Twitter Visit us on Google Plus This Is Alabama on Instagram See our Pinterest page Back to Main Menu The Birmingham News The Huntsville Times Press-Register Email newsletters Birmingham Huntsville Mobile Montgomery Tuscaloosa Anniston/Gadsden Beaches Alabama Back to Main Menu Close Customize Your Weather Set Your Location: Congratulations! Your weather is set to . You can change the location at any time. AccuWeather.com Quick Look Change your current location » View Full Weather Report Search Search Search AL.com Account Sign In Close Sign in to AL.com You are signed in as Edit Public Profile Sign Out Subscribe The Birmingham News The Huntsville Times Press-Register Email newsletters Alabama Change Region comments Trump takes aim at Dodd-Frank rules for banks Donald Trump,Mike Pence,Jeb Hensarling,Ann Wagner,Gary Cohn President Donald Trump looks over to Rep. Ann Wagner, R-Mo., as she speaks before Trump signs an executive order in the Oval Office of the White House in Washington, Friday, Feb. 3, 2017. From left are, Vice President Mike Pence, Rep. Jeb Hensarling, R-Texas, and National Economic Council chairman Gary Cohn. (Pablo Martinez Monsivais/AP Photo) Print Email The Washington Post By The Washington Post The Birmingham News Follow on Twitter on February 03, 2017 at 6:17 PM, updated February 03, 2017 at 7:35 PM comments President Donald Trump on Friday launched a broad effort to ease regulations on Wall Street, setting up what is likely to be a protracted battle over how to unwind rules put in place after the last financial crisis. In an executive order, Trump ordered a review of the laws and regulations that govern the U.S. financial system in an opening bid to upend 2010's financial overhaul law, known as Dodd-Frank. The complicated legislation, which took months to negotiate, touches nearly every aspect of the way banks operate and includes hundreds of rules, some of which have yet to be implemented "We expect to be cutting a lot out of Dodd-Frank," Trump said during a meeting with business leaders Friday morning. "Because frankly, I have so many people, friends of mine, that had nice businesses, they just can't borrow money . . . because the banks just won't let them borrow because of the rules and regulations in Dodd- Frank." The prospect of another drawn-out battle over a Wall Street overhaul is being met tepidly by some financial executives, who are wary of reawakening populist passions. After being the target of so many attacks in the years after the financial crisis, many have begun to see their profits grow and stock prices surge again, and they have urged the administration to proceed cautiously. Adjusting to a new regulatory environment would be too costly, they say. Trump has so far been vague about what he would do to the complex law: The language of his executive order did not even include the phrase "Dodd-Frank." Instead, he instructed the treasury secretary to report back in 120 days on what rules promote or inhibit the administration's priorities. Dodd-Frank has had a profound effect on the financial industry, forcing banks to submit to yearly "stress tests" to prove they could withstand economic turbulence and draw up "living wills" that lay out how the banks could be dismantled without harming the rest of the financial system. One controversial component, called the Volcker rule, bars banks from trading in high-risk securities using their own capital, a practice that contributed to the last crisis. The rule also limited the ability of banks to hide exotic risky securities off the banks' balance sheets, concealing the extent of the banks' debts. With Dodd-Frank still not fully implemented, critics have argued that Wall Street requires more oversight, not less. But Trump, who often attacked Wall Street during the campaign (and whose chief strategist, Stephen Bannon, has ripped into the big banks in the past), has adopted a different tone since taking office, offering to help the financial industry as part of a deregulatory agenda to boost the economy. During the meeting with more than a dozen chief executives, Trump noted that there were several bankers in the room, including Larry Fink, chief executive of the massive investment firm BlackRock. "Larry's got a lot of my money, and I have to tell you, he got me great returns," Trump said to laughs in the room. Later he noted that Jamie Dimon, the chief executive of JPMorgan Chase, one of the largest banks in the world, was also there. "There is nobody better to tell me about Dodd-Frank than Jamie," Trump said, motioning to Dimon across the table. Trump is not just consulting with Wall Street. He has tapped about six alumni of Goldman Sachs for key positions in his administration, including Gary Cohn, the bank's former president and the current head of the powerful National Economic Council. Steve Mnuchin, who is awaiting confirmation as treasury secretary, spent 17 years at Goldman. To unwind Dodd-Frank, some changes could be accomplished through appointing new leadership for the financial regulatory agencies, including the Securities and Exchange Commission and the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency. They could soften the impact of regulations through the rulemaking process or simply slow implementation. Trump Takes Aim at Dodd-Frank Financial Overhaul On Friday, for instance, Trump also signed a memorandum that could delay a Labor Department rule that would require financial professionals advising on retirement rules to put their clients' interests ahead of their own. The "fiduciary rule," scheduled to go into effect in April, has long been a target of Republicans, including close Trump ally Anthony Scaramucci, founder of SkyBridge Capital. Critics say the legislation is burdensome and would prompt financial advisers to offer only the most ordinary advice to clients for fear they could run afoul of the rules. To make more significant changes, Trump will need the cooperation of Congress. Rep. Jeb Hensarling, R-Texas, chair of the House Financial Services Committee, is preparing to unveil legislation that would revise Dodd Frank. The executive order marks "the beginning of the end of the Dodd-Frank mistake," Hensarling said. One of the authors of Dodd-Frank, former representative Barney Frank, D-Mass., was critical of new attacks on the law, taking note of how Trump is relying on people such as former Goldman Sachs leader Cohn, who come from the industry they would deregulate. "This is a betrayal of his pledge to help the ordinary citizen against the big guys, against Wall Street. He is giving Wall Street what it couldn't get through the political process," Frank said. Big banks, which have spent millions complying with the law, have called for a tweaking of the rules, rather than a complete overall. But smaller banks are expected to push for more aggressive reform. They say they are too small to pose a threat to the financial system but still face extreme regulatory burdens. "The current one-size-fits-all style of regulation does not work for Main Street - local credit unions, small banks, and the consumers and small businesses they serve," said Jim Nussle, president of the Credit Union National Association. "We're hopeful that the core principles spelled out today will help ensure community financial institutions and the millions of Americans that rely on them are able to operate in a more favorable environment." The industry has been uniformly critical of the Volcker rule. Critics have said the rule, aimed at investments banks such as Goldman Sachs and Morgan Stanley, unnecessarily limits some safe activities. The industry also has complained about rules intended to change the way Wall Street executives are paid, making it harder for them to earn big bonuses by waging risky financial bets. The administration's efforts could also hit the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau, which was created by Dodd-Frank. Republicans have been pushing for an overhaul of the way the agency is run, including calling for its director, Richard Cordray, to be fired. But Democrats say the independent agency has played an important role in cracking down on big banks and corporations accused of misleading consumers. "One of the surprising things to me is that they [appear] willing to go after a consumer agency that has already demonstrated how effective it is," said Michael Barr, a University of Michigan Law School professor and a key architect of Dodd-Frank while serving in the Treasury Department in 2009 and 2010. Jim Millstein, founder of Millstein & Co. and chief restructuring officer at the Treasury Department from 2009 to 2011 under President Barack Obama, said undoing the law would be difficult. The Volcker rule represents just a few sentences of the law but hundreds of pages of regulations. "They should tread carefully. Only eight years ago we had the biggest financial crisis of our time, and they clearly don't want to be responsible for the next one," Millstein said. Lawrence Summers, a former treasury secretary and head of Obama's National Economic Council, said some changes to Dodd-Frank are warranted, such as looking at ways to ease the burden on smaller banks and removing some excessive bureaucracy. "Is an indiscriminate attack spearheaded by former big bankers the right approach? Very unlikely. The systemic risks remain real, and we can't afford complacency," Summers said. Asked about Trump's complaint that his friends had trouble getting loans, Summers said, "In any world if a real estate developer's good friends could get all the credit they wanted, there would be much to worry about in terms of financial stability." Alabama's Best Vote for your favorite meat-and-three Vote in our poll once a day through 8 p.m. Sunday, Feb. 12. Most Read Active Discussions About Us About Alabama Media Group Jobs at Alabama Media Group Advertise with us News In Education Frequently Asked Questions About AL.com Contact Us Online Store Already a Subscriber? Manage your subscription Delivery feedback Place a vacation hold Make a payment Customer Service Place an ad Get home delivery Promote your event in our calendar Send us an email Submit a news tip Buy newspaper front pages, poster and more AL.com Sections News Business Sports High School Sports Entertainment Living Travel Opinion Obituaries Jobs Autos Real Estate Apartment Rentals Classifieds Local Businesses Your Regional News Pages Anniston/Gadsden Birmingham Huntsville Mobile Montgomery Tuscaloosa Gulf Coast Beaches On the Go Mobile Apps | Tablet Apps More on AL.com Videos Photos Interact with us Weather Post a job Post a free classified ad Sell your car Sell/rent your home Site Map & search Sponsor Content Become a Member The Birmingham News The Huntsville Times Press-Register Free newsletters Follow Us Twitter | Facebook | Google+ | Pinterest | Instagram Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement and Privacy Policy © 2016 Alabama Media Group. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Alabama Media Group. Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site. Ad Choices
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy   Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Mercury Systems Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Mercury Systems Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Clinton Group Inc. Has $1,007,000 Stake in Commercial Metals Company (CMC) Ontario Teachers Pension Plan Board Sells 749 Shares of Camden Property Trust (CPT) Ontario Teachers Pension Plan Board Invests $509,000 in Boyd Gaming Corporation (BYD) Ontario Teachers Pension Plan Board Invests $509,000 in Boyd Gaming Corporation (BYD) UBS Group AG Sells 8,120 Shares of Cooper Companies, Inc. (The) (COO) UBS Group AG Cuts Position in ServisFirst Bancshares, Inc. (SFBS) 224,710 Shares in Tenneco Inc. (TEN) Acquired by The Manufacturers Life Insurance Company The Manufacturers Life Insurance Company Takes Position in Pinnacle Financial Partners, Inc. (PNFP) 603,635 Shares in Provident Financial Services, Inc (PFS) Acquired by The Manufacturers Life Insurance Company The Manufacturers Life Insurance Company Buys Shares of 302,522 Fastenal Company (FAST) The Manufacturers Life Insurance Company Invests $11,963,000 in Cabot Oil & Gas Corporation (COG) Zacks Investment Research Upgrades Jive Software, Inc. (JIVE) to Buy UBS Group AG Sells 35,584 Shares of RR Donnelley & Sons Co (RRD) PRA Health Sciences, Inc. (PRAH) Shares Sold by UBS Group AG PRA Health Sciences, Inc. (PRAH) Shares Sold by UBS Group AG Lazard Asset Management LLC Continues to Hold Position in Aircastle Limited (AYR) Lazard Asset Management LLC Has $204,000 Position in Westpac Banking Corporation (WBK) HBK Investments L P Has $351,000 Stake in Century Aluminum Company (CENX) Cabot Corporation (CBT) Shares Sold by HBK Investments L P 12,294 Shares in FLIR Systems, Inc. (FLIR) Acquired by HBK Investments L P United Services Automobile Association Continues to Hold Position in Mercury Systems Inc (MRCY) February 3rd, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Latisha Jones Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet United Services Automobile Association continued to hold its stake in shares of Mercury Systems Inc (NASDAQ:MRCY) during the third quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The institutional investor owned 177,600 shares of the company’s stock at the end of the third quarter. United Services Automobile Association owned 0.43% of Mercury Systems worth $4,364,000 as of its most recent filing with the SEC. Other hedge funds have also recently made changes to their positions in the company. New York State Teachers Retirement System raised its stake in shares of Mercury Systems by 6.3% in the second quarter. New York State Teachers Retirement System now owns 62,417 shares of the company’s stock worth $1,552,000 after buying an additional 3,700 shares during the last quarter. Emerald Mutual Fund Advisers Trust acquired a new position in Mercury Systems during the second quarter valued at approximately $10,714,000. Emerald Advisers Inc. PA acquired a new position in Mercury Systems during the second quarter valued at approximately $11,170,000. Columbus Circle Investors acquired a new position in Mercury Systems during the second quarter valued at approximately $8,510,000. Finally, JPMorgan Chase & Co. acquired a new position in Mercury Systems during the second quarter valued at approximately $378,000. 92.38% of the stock is currently owned by institutional investors. Mercury Systems Inc (NASDAQ:MRCY) traded down 0.44% during trading on Friday, reaching $34.21. 671,979 shares of the company’s stock traded hands. The stock has a market capitalization of $1.34 billion, a P/E ratio of 61.97 and a beta of 0.50. The stock has a 50-day moving average price of $31.37 and a 200 day moving average price of $27.14. Mercury Systems Inc has a 1-year low of $16.29 and a 1-year high of $35.25. Mercury Systems (NASDAQ:MRCY) last issued its earnings results on Monday, January 23rd. The company reported $0.30 EPS for the quarter, beating the Zacks’ consensus estimate of $0.11 by $0.19. Mercury Systems had a net margin of 6.53% and a return on equity of 6.69%. The business had revenue of $98 million for the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $93.21 million. During the same quarter last year, the firm posted $0.23 EPS. The business’s revenue for the quarter was up 62.3% compared to the same quarter last year. Equities research analysts expect that Mercury Systems Inc will post $0.52 earnings per share for the current year. TRADEMARK VIOLATION NOTICE: “United Services Automobile Association Continues to Hold Position in Mercury Systems Inc (MRCY)” was posted by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are accessing this article on another website, it was stolen and republished in violation of U.S. and international trademark & copyright laws. The legal version of this article can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/02/03/united-services-automobile-association-continues-to-hold-position-in-mercury-systems-inc-mrcy.html. Several equities analysts have commented on MRCY shares. Zacks Investment Research downgraded shares of Mercury Systems from a “hold” rating to a “sell” rating in a research note on Wednesday, October 12th. Jefferies Group LLC set a $27.00 price target on shares of Mercury Systems and gave the stock a “hold” rating in a research note on Tuesday, November 8th. Bank of America Corporation started coverage on shares of Mercury Systems in a research note on Friday, November 18th. They issued a “neutral” rating for the company. SunTrust Banks, Inc. started coverage on shares of Mercury Systems in a research note on Thursday, January 19th. They issued a “buy” rating and a $36.00 price target for the company. Finally, Robert W. Baird restated an “outperform” rating and issued a $34.00 price target on shares of Mercury Systems in a research note on Friday, January 20th. Four analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and seven have issued a buy rating to the company. The stock has a consensus rating of “Buy” and a consensus target price of $30.14. In other news, insider Mark Aslett sold 9,600 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction on Tuesday, January 31st. The shares were sold at an average price of $33.65, for a total value of $323,040.00. Following the transaction, the insider now owns 605,449 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $20,373,358.85. The sale was disclosed in a legal filing with the SEC, which is accessible through this hyperlink. Also, Director James K. Bass sold 7,375 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction on Thursday, November 10th. The shares were sold at an average price of $29.60, for a total transaction of $218,300.00. Following the completion of the transaction, the director now directly owns 57,413 shares in the company, valued at approximately $1,699,424.80. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. In the last three months, insiders sold 195,941 shares of company stock worth $6,181,795. Insiders own 4.30% of the company’s stock. Mercury Systems Company Profile Mercury Systems, Inc is a commercial provider of secure processing subsystems designed and made in the United States. The Company’s solutions support a range of defense and intelligence programs. Its technologies include embedded processing modules and subsystems, radio frequency (RF) and microwave multi-function assemblies, as well as subsystems, and RF and microwave components. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding MRCY? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Mercury Systems Inc (NASDAQ:MRCY). Receive News & Ratings for Mercury Systems Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Mercury Systems Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News White House Announces Conway Was Counseled Warren Receives Support After GOP Formally Silences Her Report: Trump Was Not Completely Briefed on Bannon NSC Seat Justice Department Will Challenge Stop to Travel Ban President Trump Cancels Harley-Davidson Trip Due to Possible Protests © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
February 11, 2017 | 76° | Check Traffic Subscribe Customer Service Print Replica LOG IN Search for: Home Top News Local Sports Crave Features Business Editorial Obits Homes Cars Jobs Classifieds Search for: LOG IN SUBSCRIBE 2016 Election Results Archives Columnists TGIF Video Photo Galleries Hawaii Prep World Hawaii Warrior World Blogs Travel Religion Hokulea Merrie Monarch Movie Listings TV Week Corrections Dining Out Hawaii Renovation Special Sections Honolulu Street Pulse Home 2016 Election Results Archives Top News Local Sports Crave Business TGIF Features Editorial Religion Columnists Travel Print Replica Blogs Video Photo Galleries Hokulea Merrie Monarch Customer Service Cars Homes Classifieds Movie Listings Jobs TV Week Top News Trump launches his attack on banks’ financial restraints Associated Press Posted February 03, 2017 February 3, 2017 Updated February 3, 2017 3:16pm ASSOCIATED PRESS President Donald Trump held up an executive order after signing it in the Oval Office of the White House today in Washington. WASHINGTON >> President Donald Trump launched his long-promised attack today on banking rules that were rushed into law after the nation’s economic crisis, signing new orders after meeting with business and investment chiefs and pledging further action to free big banks from restrictions. Wall Street cheered him on, but Trump risks disillusioning his working-class voters. He directed his Treasury secretary to review the devilishly complex 2010 Dodd-Frank financial oversight law, which was signed by President Barack Obama to overhaul regulations after the financial and housing crisis of the past decade. It aimed to restrain banks’ from misdeeds that many blamed for the crisis. The new president also signed a memorandum instructing the Labor Department to delay an Obama-era rule that requires financial professionals who charge commissions to put their clients’ best interests first when giving advice on retirement investments. While the order on Dodd-Frank, named after its Democratic sponsors, won’t have an immediate impact, Trump’s intent is clear. The law has been a disaster in restricting banks’ activities, he said earlier this week. “We’re going to be doing a big number on Dodd-Frank.” During a meeting with business leaders, including JPMorgan Chase CEO Jamie Dimon on Friday, he said, “Frankly I have so many people, friends of mine that have nice businesses that can’t borrow money. They just can’t get any money because the banks just won’t let ‘em borrow because of the rules and regulations of Dodd-Frank.” Those regulations unnecessarily cramp the U.S. economy and job creation, he declared. But many Democrats see it differently, including Sen. Elizabeth Warren, who was behind the formation of the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau, formed as part of the Dodd-Frank law. “Donald Trump talked a big game about Wall Street during his campaign — but as president, we’re finding out whose side he’s really on,” Warren said in a statement. “The Wall Street bankers and lobbyists whose greed and recklessness nearly destroyed this country may be toasting each other with champagne, but the American people have not forgotten the 2008 financial crisis — and they will not forget what happened today.” The crisis touched off the worst recession since the 1930s Great Depression, wiping out $11 trillion in U.S. household wealth and leaving about 8 million Americans jobless. U.S. taxpayers funded multibillion-dollar bailouts of Wall Street mega-banks, smaller banks across the country and other financial firms. Eight years on, the economy’s recovery has been halting, a situation that contributed to Trump’s election. Beyond being fed up with bailouts, consumers have an interest in the Financial Protection Bureau, which expanded regulators’ ability to police a wide array of financial products and services. During his campaign, Trump pledged to repeal and replace the law, but he also railed against Wall Street excess and vowed to hold the industry accountable for the crisis. His rhetoric left questions about how closely he would align with the financial services industries’ years-long fight to undo regulations they view as burdensome. Since winning the White House, Trump has cleared up some of those questions. He has filled his administration with millionaires and financiers and signed the orders after meeting with top CEOs and banking executives. In his other action Friday, Trump’s presidential memorandum on financial advisers delayed implementation of the past administration’s “fiduciary rule,” aimed at blocking consultants from steering clients toward investments with higher commissions and fees that can eat away at retirement savings. The rule was to take effect in April. The financial services industry argues that the rule would limit retirees’ investment choices by forcing asset managers to steer them to low-risk options. Meanwhile, unwinding most of Dodd-Frank will require legislation, and on Capitol Hill the Republicans’ yearning to cut it down is as strong as ever. But tax reform, reworking “Obamacare” and other issues are more immediate priorities, some Republicans suggest. Further, the big Wall Street banks already have baked in many of the Dodd-Frank rules and aren’t clamoring to unwind all of them. Aiming lower, in the pre-dawn hours of Friday, Congress passed and sent to Trump for his signature legislation striking down a rule that requires oil and gas companies to disclose payments to the U.S. or foreign governments for commercial development. Critics warn that rolling back the Dodd-Frank regulations would put the economy at risk. “You can blow up the financial system and really crush the American economy. I think that’s where they’re headed,” said Michael S. Barr, a former assistant treasury secretary for financial institutions and a key architect of the law. The Consumer Financial Protection Bureau is a prime target within the law for Republican lawmakers, who have long accused it of overreach. But there are political risks in Trump taking a hatchet to a watchdog agency focused on protecting ordinary consumers against abusive practices by banks, mortgage companies, credit card issuers, payday lenders, debt collectors and others. Over five years, the agency says, it has recovered $11.7 billion that it returned to more than 27 million harmed consumers. “You could expect pushback, that this is about favoring Wall Street over Main Street,” said Phillip Swagel, an assistant Treasury secretary for economic policy in the George W. Bush administration. Going after the bureau, Barr said, would likely hurt consumers, “including some of President Trump’s strongest supporters.” —— Follow Colvin on Twitter at https://twitter.com/colvinj Get the latest news by email Sign Up Share this: PREV NEXT Most Read Tata out as Kahuku football head coach Dwayne ‘The Rock’ Johnson joins critics of Under Armour CEO’s Trump remark Suiaunoa named Warriors’ defensive coordinator Flash flood watch covers Oahu, Kauai, Niihau after midnight Rio is stuck with big bills and vacant venues after Olympics 20 comments Leave a Reply Cancel reply You must be logged in to post a comment. By participating in online discussions you acknowledge that you have agreed to the TERMS OF SERVICE. An insightful discussion of ideas and viewpoints is encouraged, but comments must be civil and in good taste, with no personal attacks. Because only subscribers are allowed to comment, we have your personal information and are able to contact you. If your comments are inappropriate, you may be banned from posting. To report comments that you believe do not follow our guidelines, email commentfeedback@staradvertiser.com. Vector says: February 3, 2017 at 3:29 pm Trump must be beholden to Wall Street, especially Goldman Sachs, since many of his Cabinet members and senior advisers have worked for Goldman Sacks. He also has a large number of shares in oil and gas companies. I really want to see his tax returns. Then we would be able to see how his policies are determined by his interest, investments, and holdings in these corporations Log in to Reply jusris says: February 3, 2017 at 4:07 pm Fake News…Trump got rid of all the Goldman Sachs like he said he would…#MAGA Log in to Reply Vector says: February 3, 2017 at 4:20 pm Trump’s Secretary of the Treasury, Steve Mnuchin, was President of Goldman Sachs. SDuring his confirmation hearings he did not reveal he had $100,000,000 in assets, and he ran a hedge fund and tax haven in the Bahamas. During the financial meltdown in 2008, he bought Countrywide Mortgage Co. which had huge amounts of sub-prime mortgages. He then proceeded to foreclose on those Mortgages, with thousands of people losing their homes, while he and his company profited on all that real estate. That’s the kind of person who is now running the Treasury Department now. Log in to Reply Vector says: February 3, 2017 at 4:24 pm Now Trump and Steve Mnuchin wants to get Dodd Frank Act, which regulated Wall Street and the banks from creating the same conditions and operating in the same way that led to the financial meltdown in 2008 and created the conditions for the Great Recession. Vector says: February 3, 2017 at 4:42 pm The Bank Robber guarding the US Bank jusris says: February 3, 2017 at 4:53 pm “Was” President of Goldman Sachs…#MAGA PoiDoggy says: February 3, 2017 at 10:11 pm @Juris, that’s really parsing it. So what if Mnuchin “was” prez of Gold/Sachs? That doesn’t discount the association. The prez isn’t “getting rid of” G/S at all; he’s hiring them to work for him! Anyone that could possibly think the prez has any interest at all in “reigning in Wall Street” has got “rocks in your head, dad!” He’s going to open the doors wide and let all the bankers have their way, and the American people will have no choice but to bend over and take it. Kiss your savings goodbye! Personally, I’m selling off everything I can now, while people still have money. Log in to Reply bsdetection says: February 4, 2017 at 1:17 am Your statement that “Trump got rid of all the Goldman Sachs like he said he would” is blatantly false. If you believed Trump when he said he would get tough on Wall Street, you were a sucker. As reported by Wall Street On Parade: “Trump nominated Steven Mnuchin, a 17-year veteran of Goldman Sachs to be his Treasury Secretary. Stephen Bannon, another former Goldman Sachs banker, was named by Trump as his Chief Strategist in the White House. The sitting President of Goldman Sachs, Gary Cohn, has been named by Trump as Director of the National Economic Council, which, according to its website, coordinates “policy-making for domestic and international economic issues.” Last week, in a move that stunned even Wall Street, Trump nominated a Goldman Sachs outside lawyer, Jay Clayton of Sullivan & Cromwell, to serve as Wall Street’s top cop as Chairman of the Securities and Exchange Commission. Adding to the slap in the face to Trump’s working class supporters, Clayton’s wife currently works as a Vice President at Goldman Sachs. “Goldman Sachs partner, Dina Powell, President of the Goldman Sachs Foundation, is Ivanka’s “top adviser on policy and staffing.” “Then there is Erin Walsh who had worked at Goldman Sachs since 2010 as an Executive Director and head of its Office of Corporate Engagement for Asia Pacific. Walsh also previously worked in the Bureau of Near Eastern Affairs at the U.S. Department of State. Walsh is now part of Trump’s transition landing team for the State Department and is engaged in prepping the just retired CEO of ExxonMobil, Rex Tillerson, for his Senate confirmation hearing this week to become the Secretary of the Department of State, according to Politico. And there is yet another former Goldman Sachs banker, Anthony Scaramucci, who sits on Trump’s transition team.” Log in to Reply Vector says: February 4, 2017 at 8:15 am The collusion of the Trump team with Wall Street, Goldman Sachs, is just part of the problem. Rex Tillerson, ex CEO of Exxon Mobil, now Secretary of State, has a close relationship with Putin and has a $500,000,000,000 deal in Russia to provide oil and gas development services in the Russian Arctic and Arctic offshore and Siberia. Trump’says gutting of the EPA will allow the oil, gas, and facing industries to go ahead with the Keystone XL pipeline and the Dakota Access Pipeline. Trump’s opposition to the Paris Agreement on climate change, is nothing more than a green light for the oil and gas industries to sell as much oil and gas, and allow more burning of fossil fuels which are polluting our environment and causing the warming of the planet, and causing the extremes and increasing the intensity of weather events. MillionMonkeys says: February 4, 2017 at 4:55 am The next POTUS should put “Crooked Donald” in jail! And that’s not fake news! Log in to Reply bsdetection says: February 3, 2017 at 3:34 pm So all of Trump’s campaign promises that he would “get tough” on Wall Street were lies. If you have a retirement account, your broker will no longer be required to give you advice that is in your best interest. Republican deregulation gave us the savings and loan catastrophe. Republican deregulation gave us the Great Recession. What disaster will Trump and his Wall Street banister pals deliver this time? Log in to Reply jusris says: February 3, 2017 at 4:08 pm No you lie…Trump did what he said he would do and got rid of all those Goldman Sachs parasites…#MAGA Log in to Reply Cellodad says: February 3, 2017 at 5:26 pm Don’t worry, we’ll have the Flux Capacitor fixed before long and we’ll have you back from that “Alternative” dimension in a jiffy. Log in to Reply MillionMonkeys says: February 4, 2017 at 5:53 am “The new president also signed a memorandum instructing the Labor Department to delay an Obama-era rule that requires financial professionals who charge commissions to put their clients’ best interests first when giving advice on retirement investments.” Woah, so it’s now okay for retirement advisers to go for the biggest commissions rather than worry about what’s good for their hard working middle class clients? Trump saps, explain right how that will MAGA! Explain right now—or you’ll get sent to bed without your TV dinner! Log in to Reply Barefootie says: February 3, 2017 at 5:31 pm As the weeks roll by and Prez Trump’s administration begin to form their concepts on parliamentry rule of the country, a bigger picture is forming that shows Trump is favoring Wall Street instead of Main Street USA and it seems that the average American is going to be forced to shoulder the tax burdens of this administration! The Average Americah is going to be paying the price for the electiion of Donald Trump to the Presidency; while Wall Street and it’s exec’s will be able to reap a hefty windfall of profits from the recinded regulations that kept them in check! Log in to Reply Vector says: February 4, 2017 at 7:58 am By getting rid of the Volker Act, investment bankers can return to investing their clients hard earned money in risky investments, risky hedge funds and derivatives loaded with subprime mortgages and worthless paper. We are heading back to the same Wall Street manipulation of the financial markets that led to the financial meltdown in 2008, and gave us the Great Recession. Log in to Reply mazie says: February 3, 2017 at 5:41 pm Middle America, who voted for Trump, I hope you are paying attention! This is NOT fake news Log in to Reply jussayin says: February 3, 2017 at 6:44 pm Actually middle America is pretty happy. Trump is doing what he said during his campaign, e.g. bringing jobs back home, removing regulatory barriers, protecting America by getting tough on immigrants, etc. If you’re familiar with Dodd Frank, it went way too far with excessive regulations which would make financial institutions behave more like utilities. If you follow financial news, the vast majority of major US companies are much more confident on policy direction than under Obama. Hence, the stock market zoomed up since election. Having said this, yup, Trump continues to say strange things but I guess the media loves it. Log in to Reply MillionMonkeys says: February 4, 2017 at 5:40 am For all their talk about right-wing values, the driving force of the GOP is mostly wealthy white dudes who want the rich (themselves) to get richer. Because there aren’t enough of them to win elections, they recruit the support of the undereducated who can’t distinguish fake news from real news, and who fall prey to simplistic, deceptive sloganism. Hear that, Trumpzis? If you are not a fat cat who profits off the sweat of laborers or generous government bailouts, you are a sap being used by those fat cats. So after you realize your situation hasn’t improved and you’ve been had, vote against those who’ve used you. Think for yourselves. Hear that, saps? Log in to Reply 3ocean3000 says: February 4, 2017 at 6:14 am How could any American be happy about this? President Bush deregulated Wall Street and they went crazy putting us into a recession we’re still recovering from. This is not for the people, but rather for POTUS Trump and his billionaire cronies. It’s the same ‘ol wine in a brand new bottle- let the pillaging begin. Log in to Reply Copyright ©2017 staradvertiser.com. All rights reserved. 500 Ala Moana Blvd. #7-210, Honolulu, HI 96813 Telephone: (808) 529-4747 About Us Media Kit Advertise Privacy Policy Contact Information Terms of Service
continue to article News All Local News Search Last 36 hours Nation + World Environment Politics Justice Polygamy Health Care Education Weather Utah's Right Elevate Empower Utah Legal Notices Sports Utah Jazz RSL Utah Utes BYU Cougars USU Aggies WSU Wildcats Preps Grizzlies Bees Outdoors Winter Sports College Monson Kragthorpe All-time BYU football stats All-time Utes football stats Blogs Politics UPIN The Cricket TV Jazz Notes U of U Sports BYU Sports Prep Sports RSL Hiking Outdoors & Travel Sundance More Blogs Opinion Editorials Commentary Letters Bagley Cartoon Gehrke Rolly Cannon Kirby Blog: State of the Debate Submit a Letter Faith Religion news LDS Church Faith Blog Entertainment Calendar Film-Finder Movies Restaurants Lifestyle Arts Food Music TV Sundance Shopping Puzzles & Games Comics Horoscopes Cool Stuff The Legacy of Joe Hill I Love videos Whatever Happened To... Special Reports Videos Photo Galleries Utah Bucket List Preparing to play Paul Rolly Roast Money Top Workplaces The Realty Show Home Prices Obituaries Jobs Top Employer Top Educator Top Jobs Employment News Employers Post A Job Contact Us Homes Find a Home Find a Realtor Rentals Cars Find a car Browse Dealers Fuel Stop Top Workplaces Top Workplaces Subscribe    Print New Subscription Register for e-Edition Access your e-Edition Print Registration Print Login    sltrib.com Membership Become a Supporting Member Premium Ad-Free Site Login Account Login Member FAQ Toggle navigation News All Local News Search Last 36 hours Nation + World Environment Politics Justice Polygamy Health Care Education Weather Utah's Right Elevate Empower Utah Legal Notices    SPONSORED BY: Sports Utah Jazz RSL Utah Utes BYU Cougars USU Aggies WSU Wildcats Preps Grizzlies Bees Outdoors Winter Sports College Monson Kragthorpe All-time BYU football stats All-time Utes football stats Blogs Politics UPIN The Cricket TV Jazz Notes U of U Sports BYU Sports Prep Sports RSL Hiking Outdoors & Travel Sundance More Blogs Opinion Editorials Commentary Letters Bagley Cartoon Gehrke Rolly Cannon Kirby Blog: State of the Debate Submit a Letter Faith Religion news LDS Church Faith Blog Entertainment Sundance Calendar Film-Finder Movies Restaurants Lifestyle Arts Food Music TV Shopping Puzzles & Games Comics Horoscopes    SPONSORED BY: Cool Stuff The Legacy of Joe Hill I Love videos Whatever Happened To... Special Reports Videos Photo Galleries Utah Bucket List Preparing to play Paul Rolly Roast Money Top Workplaces The Realty Show Home Prices Obituaries Jobs Top Employer Top Educator Top Jobs Employment News Employers Post A Job Contact Us    SPONSORED BY: Homes Find a Home Find a Realtor Rentals Cars Find a car Browse Dealers Fuel Stop    SPONSORED BY: Top Workplaces Subscribe    Print New Subscription Register for e-Edition Access your e-Edition Print Registration Print Login    sltrib.com Membership Become a Supporting Member Premium Ad-Free Site Login Account Login Member FAQ Home » News Salt Lake City 37 ° Traffic / Ski Report Stories from last 36 hours WWW.SLTRIB.COM FEB 11, 2017 Become a Member | Ad-Free Login Home » News FEB 11, 2017  |  Salt Lake City 37 °  |  Traffic / Ski Report Stories from last 36 hours Become a Member | Ad-Free Login Home » News Become a Member | Ad-Free Login Trump launches his attack on banks’ financial restraints By JILL COLVIN The Associated Press First Published Feb 03 2017 09:03AM    •    Last Updated Feb 07 2017 11:36 am In this Feb. 2, 2017, photo, President Donald Trump speaks in the Roosevelt Room of the White House in Washington. Trump is taking his first steps aimed at scaling back financial services regulations. The president will sign an executive order Friday that will direct the Treasury secretary to review the 2010 Dodd-Frank financial oversight law, which reshaped financial regulation after the 2008-09 financial crisis. (AP Photo/Pablo Martinez Monsivais) In this Feb. 2, 2017, photo, President Donald Trump speaks in the Roosevelt Room of the White House in Washington. Trump is taking his first steps aimed at scaling back financial services regulations. The president will sign an executive order Friday that will direct the Treasury secretary to review the 2010 Dodd-Frank financial oversight law, which reshaped financial regulation after the 2008-09 financial crisis. (AP Photo/Pablo Martinez Monsivais) Obama-signed law aimed to restrain big banks from missdeeds many blamed for 2008 recession. Single page Share This Article ARTICLE PHOTO GALLERY (2) Washington • President Donald Trump launched his long-promised attack Friday on banking rules that were rushed into law after the nation's economic crisis, signing new orders after meeting with business and investment chiefs and pledging further action to free big banks from restrictions. Wall Street cheered him on, but Trump risks disillusioning his working-class voters. He directed his Treasury secretary to review the devilishly complex 2010 Dodd-Frank financial oversight law, which was signed by President Barack Obama to overhaul regulations after the financial and housing crisis of the past decade. It aimed to restrain banks' from misdeeds that many blamed for the crisis. VIDEOS TOP JOBS The new president also signed a memorandum instructing the Labor Department to delay an Obama-era rule that requires financial professionals who charge commissions to put their clients' best interests first when giving advice on retirement investments. While the order on Dodd-Frank, named after its Democratic sponsors, won't have an immediate impact, Trump's intent is clear. The law has been a disaster in restricting banks' activities, he said earlier this week. "We're going to be doing a big number on Dodd-Frank." During a meeting with business leaders, including JPMorgan Chase CEO Jamie Dimon on Friday, he said, "Frankly I have so many people, friends of mine that have nice businesses that can't borrow money. They just can't get any money because the banks just won't let 'em borrow because of the rules and regulations of Dodd-Frank." Those regulations unnecessarily cramp the U.S. economy and job creation, he declared. But many Democrats see it differently, including Sen. Elizabeth Warren, who was behind the formation of the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau, formed as part of the Dodd-Frank law. "Donald Trump talked a big game about Wall Street during his campaign — but as president, we're finding out whose side he's really on," Warren said in a statement. "The Wall Street bankers and lobbyists whose greed and recklessness nearly destroyed this country may be toasting each other with champagne, but the American people have not forgotten the 2008 financial crisis — and they will not forget what happened today." The crisis touched off the worst recession since the 1930s Great Depression, wiping out $11 trillion in U.S. household wealth and leaving about 8 million Americans jobless. U.S. taxpayers funded multibillion-dollar bailouts of Wall Street mega-banks, smaller banks across the country and other financial firms. Eight years on, the economy's recovery has been halting, a situation that contributed to Trump's election. Beyond being fed up with bailouts, consumers have an interest in the Financial Protection Bureau, which expanded regulators' ability to police a wide array of financial products and services. During his campaign, Trump pledged to repeal and replace the law, but he also railed against Wall Street excess and vowed to hold the industry accountable for the crisis. His rhetoric left questions about how closely he would align with the financial services industries' years-long fight to undo regulations they view as burdensome. Since winning the White House, Trump has cleared up some of those questions. He has filled his administration with millionaires and financiers and signed the orders after meeting with top CEOs and banking executives. In his other action Friday, Trump's presidential memorandum on financial advisers delayed implementation of the past administration's "fiduciary rule," aimed at blocking consultants from steering clients toward investments with higher commissions and fees that can eat away at retirement savings. The rule was to take effect in April. The financial services industry argues that the rule would limit retirees' investment choices by forcing asset managers to steer them to low-risk options. Meanwhile, unwinding most of Dodd-Frank will require legislation, and on Capitol Hill the Republicans' yearning to cut it down is as strong as ever. But tax reform, reworking "Obamacare" and other issues are more immediate priorities, some Republicans suggest. Further, the big Wall Street banks already have baked in many of the Dodd-Frank rules and aren't clamoring to unwind all of them. Aiming lower, in the pre-dawn hours of Friday, Congress passed and sent to Trump for his signature legislation striking down a rule that requires oil and gas companies to disclose payments to the U.S. or foreign governments for commercial development. Critics warn that rolling back the Dodd-Frank regulations would put the economy at risk. "You can blow up the financial system and really crush the American economy. I think that's where they're headed," said Michael S. Barr, a former assistant treasury secretary for financial institutions and a key architect of the law. The Consumer Financial Protection Bureau is a prime target within the law for Republican lawmakers, who have long accused it of overreach. But there are political risks in Trump taking a hatchet to a watchdog agency focused on protecting ordinary consumers against abusive practices by banks, mortgage companies, credit card issuers, payday lenders, debt collectors and others. » Next page... Single page   Share This Article ARTICLE PHOTO GALLERY 2 photos VIEW PHOTO GALLERY JOIN THE DISCUSSION     Post a Comment AT A GLANCE — Love backs Trump’s order to review bank rules Utah Rep. Mia Love said in a written statement she backs Trump’s order to review the Dodd-Frank Act, calling it “a bold step toward achieving the priority of faster economic growth and job creation.” Love called Dodd-Frank — passed in response to the worst U.S. financial crisis in 80 years — “well-intended, but overly broad” and said it had resulted in “thousands of pages of regulations.” Those rules, she said, have pushed small banks out of business “at an alarming rate” and forced others to stop offering mortgages. The Act, Love said, has also boosted customer fees and added limits on free checking accounts that have forced nearly one million, largely low-income Americans into the ranks of the “unbanked,” meaning they have no access to a bank account. Love, a member of the House Financial Services Committee and former mayor of Saratoga Springs, also praised curtailing the duties of financial advisers, saying those rules made it harder and more costly for average Americans to get advice about their retirement savings. “We now have an opportunity to do better,” Love said in the statement. — The Salt Lake Tribune POPULAR STORIES Utahns drown out Chaffetz with demand to 'explain yourself' at tense town hall Utah town votes to sell city street to Mormon church Ask Ann Cannon: Should I tell my boss I spotted her friend shoplifting in the store? Ex-aide: I warned Shurtleff, Swallow about 'unethical,' 'foolish' behavior 'Sister Wives' family returns to Utah to rally polygamists against bigamy bill ELEVATE H&R Block Announces Two New Offers: Refund Advance of Up to $1,250 and Free Federal 1040EZ   Professional-in-Residence Jim Mortensen Prepares Students to Become Top Advisors   Contests and Promotions COMMENTS POST A COMMENT      () News All Local News Search Last 36 hours Nation + World RSS Twitter Environment Politics Justice Polygamy Education Weather Utah's Right Elevate Empower Utah Cool Stuff The Legacy of Joe Hill I Love videos Whatever Happened To... Special Reports Videos Photo Galleries Utah Bucket List Preparing to play Sports All Sports Olympics TribPreps Utah Jazz Utah Utes BYU Cougars USU Aggies WSU Wildcats College RSL Grizzlies Bees Winter Sports Outdoors Gordon Monson Kurt Kragthorpe All-time BYU football stats All-time Utes football stats Money All Money Top Workplaces Home Prices Blogs All Blogs Politics The Cricket TV Jazz Notes U of U Sports BYU Sports Prep Sports RSL Hiking Sundance Opinion All Opinion Editorials Commentary Letters Bagley Cartoons Gehrke Rolly Cannon Kirby Submit a Letter Faith All Faith LDS Church Religion news Faith Blog Entertainment All Entertainment Calendar Film-Finder Movies Restaurants Lifestyle Arts Food Music TV Sundance Shopping Puzzles & Games Comics Horoscopes Membership Ad-Free Site Login Become a Member Account Login Member FAQ Obituaries Search Obituaries Place an Obituary Marketplace Search Cars Search Homes Search Jobs Search Marketplace Legal Notices Other Services Advertise With Us Subscribe to the Newspaper Access your e-Edition Frequently Asked Questions Contact a newsroom staff member Access the Trib Archives Privacy Policy Missing your paper? Need to place your paper on vacation hold? For this and any other subscription related needs, click here or call 801.204.6100 Copyright @ 2017, The Salt Lake Tribune
X Edition: India Business Business Home Economy Reuters Summits Deals Business Video Company Results & Outlooks Autos Markets Markets Home Indices Stock Quotes India Markets US Markets Currencies Commodities India Elections Top News India Insight Monsoon Top News Video World World Home South Asia Middle East Special Reports Reuters Investigates World Video Tech Technology Home Science Tech Video Innovation Commentary Commentary Home Expert Zone Breakingviews Breakingviews Home Breakingview Videos Money Money Home Stock Screener Fund Screener Sport & Life Sports Lifestyle Bollywood Entertainment Oddly Enough Health Arts Lifestyle Video Pictures Pictures Home The Wider Image Photographers Focus 360 Video Trump ignites political fight over U.S. banking law reforms Africa América Latina عربي Argentina Brasil Canada 中国 Deutschland España France India Italia 日本 México РОССИЯ United Kingdom United States Money News | Sat Feb 4, 2017 | 6:12am IST Trump ignites political fight over U.S. banking law reforms U.S. President Donald Trump signs an executive order rolling back regulations from the 2010 Dodd-Frank law on Wall Street reform at the White House in Washington, U.S. February 3, 2017. REUTERS/Kevin Lamarque - By Sarah N. Lynch and Lisa Lambert | WASHINGTON WASHINGTON U.S. President Donald Trump on Friday ordered reviews of major banking rules that were put in place after the 2008 financial crisis, drawing fire from Democrats who said his order lacked substance and squarely aligned him with Wall Street bankers. Though the order was short on specifics, financial markets embraced Trump's signal that looser banking regulation is coming and pushed bank stocks higher. The Dow Jones U.S. Banks stocks index closed up 2.6 percent. .DJUSBK [.N] At a White House forum on Friday with U.S. business leaders, including JPMorgan Chase's (JPM.N) CEO Jamie Dimon, Trump said his administration expects "to be cutting a lot out of Dodd-Frank." That will involve a lot more than issuing an order, said former Democratic congressman Barney Frank, co-author of the 2010 Dodd-Frank Wall Street reform law that raised capital requirements for banks, restricted their trading by means of the "Volcker Rule," and created the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau to guard against predatory lending. Trump "can’t make any substantial change in the financial reform bill without Congress,” Frank told Reuters. "The language in the order doesn’t do anything. It tells the secretary of the Treasury to give them something to read. The tone of it is to weaken the bill.” Trump and other critics of the Dodd-Frank law say its regulations have hindered lending. At the meeting with CEO's on Friday Trump said, "I have so many people, friends of mine, that have nice businesses that can’t borrow money...because the banks just won’t let them borrow because of the rules and regulations in Dodd-Frank." Despite such criticisms, recent data from the Federal Reserve Bank of St. Louis showed U.S. commercial-bank lending at a 70-year high, climbing steadily since late-2010. Democratic Senator Elizabeth Warren who lobbied for the creation of the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau accused Trump of forsaking middle and lower-income individuals to help banks. "The Wall Street bankers and lobbyists whose greed and recklessness nearly destroyed this country may be toasting each other with champagne, but the American people have not forgotten the 2008 financial crisis - and they will not forget what happened today,” she said in a statement. Trump's adviser leading the deregulation effort, National Economic Council Director Gary Cohn, was previously a top official at Goldman Sachs (GS.N). Billionaire investor Carl Icahn, meanwhile, is counselling Trump on regulation across the government. One order signed by Trump requires the U.S. Treasury Secretary to submit possible regulatory changes and legislation modifying Dodd-Frank in 120 days, according to a White House official. Trump's pick for Treasury secretary, Steve Mnuchin, also a former Goldman banker, has yet to be confirmed by the full Senate. Meanwhile, a memo tells the Labor Department to review a "fiduciary rule" for brokers offering retirement advice that was finalised in 2016. While early reports said Trump wanted to push off the rule's implementation, originally slated for April, by 180 days, the order did not mention any delay. The Labor Department late on Friday said it was considering legal options for delaying. Representatives of the six largest U.S. banks – JPMorgan Chase & Co (JPM.N), Bank of America Corp (BAC.N), Citigroup Inc (C.N), Wells Fargo & Co (WFC.N), Goldman Sachs Group Inc (GS.N) and Morgan Stanley (MS.N) – either declined to comment or did not have an immediate comment. BANKERS CAUTIOUS Bankers, lawyers and lobbyists privately said Trump’s order would not do much immediately. Also they said that they would prefer less-extensive modifications to Dodd-Frank after spending billions of dollars complying with the law. Many want to make it "a little bit more user-friendly,” said John Kanas, chairman of BankUnited (BKU.N), a lender with less than $20 billion in assets. House of Representatives Financial Services Committee Chairman Jeb Hensarling, a Republican, told reporters at the White House that Trump's approach reflects legislation he has drafted to review Dodd-Frank. Hensarling is expected to re-introduce his bill allowing banks to choose between complying with Dodd-Frank and holding more capital later this month. Trump could also make changes simply by appointing new personnel or not enforcing rules. "A lot of the regulations of Dodd-Frank required a bit of a cop-on-the-beat if you will, to ensure enforcement and if you have a different cop-on-the-beat, they enforce different rules, or they enforce the rules differently," said FBR & CO financial policy analyst Edward Mills. Many regulators, though, were appointed by Trump's predecessor, President Barack Obama, and intend to complete their terms. Trump cannot fire heads of independent agencies, including the three top bank regulators: Federal Reserve Chair Janet Yellen, Comptroller of the Currency Thomas Curry, and Federal Deposit Insurance Corp Chairman Martin Gruenberg. In addition, the term for Richard Cordray, the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau director, stretches into next year. Republican lawmakers are pushing Trump to fire Cordray, but a federal court's decision allowing him to has been stayed pending appeal. Meanwhile, some U.S. financial policy leaders want to keep the law. Chicago Fed President Charles Evans said on Friday Dodd-Frank "has largely been helpful" and led to a banking system with "more and better capital." (Reporting by Sarah N. Lynch and Lisa Lambert; additional reporting by Suzanne Barlyn, Ayesha Rascoe, Richa Naidu, Ann Saphir and Lauren Tara LaCapra; Editing by Kevin Drawbaugh and Chizu Nomiyama and Clive McKeef) Next In Money News Saab pitches modern combat jet plant in India in two-horse race with Lockheed NEW DELHI Sweden's Saab has offered to build the world's most modern fighter aircraft factory in India, it said on Friday, as it goes head-to-head with U.S. rival Lockheed Martin to supply hundreds of locally produced planes to India's military. Infosys board keen to avoid Tata-style row - source MUMBAI The Infosys Ltd board does not want a war of words with the Indian software services company's former leadership to descend into the kind of damaging row seen at Tata, an Infosys boardroom source said on Friday. Top U.S. Federal Reserve official resigns as bank deregulation looms WASHINGTON The Federal Reserve Board's top bank regulator said on Friday he would resign, giving a boost to President Donald Trump's plans to ease reforms put in place after the 2007-09 financial crisis. MORE FROM REUTERS Sponsored Content From Around the WebPromoted by Revcontent Trending Stories Assembly Elections Modi faces biggest election test since 2014 landslide Sponsored Topics X Follow Reuters: Follow Us On Twitter Follow Us On Facebook RSS Follow Us On LinkedIn Subscribe: Newsletters | Apps Reuters News Agency | Brand Attribution Guidelines | Careers Reuters is the news and media division of Thomson Reuters. Thomson Reuters is the world's largest international multimedia news agency, providing investing news, world news, business news, technology news, headline news, small business news, news alerts, personal finance, stock market, and mutual funds information available on Reuters.com, video, mobile, and interactive television platforms. Learn more about Thomson Reuters products: Eikon Information, analytics and exclusive news on financial markets - delivered in an intuitive desktop and mobile interface Elektron Everything you need to empower your workflow and enhance your enterprise data management World-Check Screen for heightened risk individual and entities globally to help uncover hidden risks in business relationships and human networks Westlaw Build the strongest argument relying on authoritative content, attorney-editor expertise, and industry defining technology ONESOURCE The most comprehensive solution to manage all your complex and ever-expanding tax and compliance needs CHECKPOINT The industry leader for online information for tax, accounting and finance professionals All quotes delayed a minimum of 15 minutes. See here for a complete list of exchanges and delays. Site Feedback Corrections Advertising Guidelines Cookies Terms of Use Privacy Policy
Sections Nightly News MSNBC Meet the Press Dateline Today Search Search Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on Google Plus Email page link Secondary Navigation Sections U.S. World Local Politics Investigations Health Mach Tech Science Pop Culture Lifestyle Business Weather Sports Latino Asian America NBCBLK NBC OUT Top Ongoing Lethal Injection Dakota Pipeline Protests TV Nightly News Meet The Press Dateline Today Featured NBC News VR Your Business Inspiring America NBCBLK28 Multimedia Video Photo More From NBC Sports CNBC MSNBC.com NBC.com NBC Learn Re/Code Peacock Productions Next Steps for Vets Parent Toolkit NBC News works best with JavaScript turned on Feedback advertisement advertisement Business Business News Consumer Travel Economy Personal Finance Markets Business Feb 3 2017, 12:38 pm ET Trump Met with CEOs of America’s Largest Companies to Push Pro-Jobs Agenda by Lucy Bayly President Donald Trump delivers opening remarks at the beginning of a policy forum with, from left, PepsiCo CEO Indra Nooyi, Blackstone Group Chairman and CEO Stephen Schwarzman, General Motors CEO Mary Barra and other business leaders in the State Dining Room at the White House on Feb. 3. Chip Somodevilla / Getty Images Share Share Tweet Share Comment Email Print advertisement President Donald Trump convened with the heads of some of America's largest corporations on Friday at the White House for a meeting intended to make good on the administration's pledge to reduce regulation, promote women in the workplace, and cut taxes. Meeting with biggest business leaders this morning. Good jobs are coming back to U.S., health care and tax bills are being crafted NOW!— Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) February 3, 2017 Jack Welch, former CEO of General Electric, told CNBC it had been a "fabulous meeting" and said the president "engaged forcefully" on every topic. Steve Schwarzman, CEO of private equity firm Blackstone and chairman of the council that arranged Friday's meeting, said the session had been "spirited intellectually" and that the members had had a "balanced discussion" about "taxes, trade, infrastructure, women's issues, education, and how to bring home jobs in terms of training people in technology." Other attendees at Friday's business huddle included members of Trump's economic advisory council, such as JPMorgan's Jamie Dimon, Walt Disney's Bob Iger, Wal-Mart CEO Doug McMillon, and Mary Barra of General Motors. The meeting also included First Daughter Ivanka Trump and her husband Jared Kushner, senior adviser to the president; as well as Vice President Mike Pence and White House Chief Strategist Steve Bannon. One notable absentee was Uber CEO Travis Kalanick, who resigned from his spot on the president's council Thursday amid fierce backlash from customers furious at Kalanick's seeming connection to Trump's controversial immigration ban that limits travel to America from seven predominantly Muslim countries. Kalanick said Thursday that his participation on Trump's council was not meant to be construed as any endorsement of Trump's policies. However, billionaire inventor and environmentalist Elon Musk, also heavily criticized for his position on the board due to seemingly contradictory stances with Trump, has not shied away from his role. In contrast to Kalanick, Musk tweeted a message on Thursday explaining that he was remaining on the board in order to "serve the greater good." Regarding the meeting at the White House: pic.twitter.com/8b1XH4oW6h— Elon Musk (@elonmusk) February 3, 2017 Corporate America is struggling to please an increasing divide: Customers and investors who oppose Trump's hard-line policies, and those who applaud his strong-arm techniques. And many business leaders on the president's council are stuck between a rock and a hard place as they seek to advise — or at least appease — the president while remaining firm on their own values and satisfying those of their client base. Related: Many CEOs 'Scared Out of Their Minds', Won't Speak Out Against Trump Trump has already called out several major companies via Twitter, including General Motors, L.L. Bean, and Ford. In December, he tweeted, "Boeing is building a brand new 747 Air Force One for future presidents, but costs are out of control, more than $4 billion. Cancel order!" Following his tweet, Boeing stocks slid by more than 1 percent in premarket trade. Lucy Bayly Email Topics Business News, Politics News First Published Feb 3 2017, 12:38 pm ET Next Story Top Fed Regulator to Resign in April, Setting Stage for Trump Shakeup advertisement advertisement advertisement About Us Careers Contact Privacy Policy New Terms of Service nbcnews.com Site Map Advertise AdChoices © 2017 NBCnews.com
null
Finance BI Intelligence Events Trending Tech Insider Finance Politics Strategy Life Sports Video All × From To You have successfully emailed the post. Here's what everyone in the drug industry is talking about right now Lydia Ramsey Feb. 5, 2017, 5:17 PM 16,242 facebook linkedin twitter email print President Trump meets with pharma CEOs.Reuters We're only one month into 2017, and yet there have already been a bunch of headlines focused on the healthcare sector.  From the impact Donald Trump will have on the sector to increasing drug pricing (yes, that again), there has already been enough news to suggest that the industry is in for a big 2017.  To get a sense of what else to expect in the year ahead, while at the JPMorgan Healthcare Conference in early January, we asked healthcare executives to identify the topics they expect to become a part of the national conversation.  Here are seven main topics they said to keep an eye out for: View As: One Page Slides New Alzheimer's treatments Beta-amyloid plaque in three brains of people with Alzheimer's disease (left) and three brains of controls (right).Lawrence Berkeley National Laboratory 2016 was not a banner year for Alzheimer's drugs in development. There were four flops, including a key late-stage trial for solanezumab, which came out of research on the "amyloid hypothesis," or the idea that targeting beta amyloid deposits in the brain to clear them out was the way to go about treating the disease. Right now, there are only four treatments that treat the symptoms of Alzheimer's, and on average about 99% of all drugs in clinical trials never actually make it to approval. "We're praying for an Alzheimer's breakthrough," Opiant CEO Roger Crystal told Business Insider. Opiant is a biotech developing treatments for addiction and eating disorders.   There are a handful of key trials that are wrapping up in 2017. If any of those goes well, they could be a step in the right direction.  What Donald Trump will do with healthcare President Donald Trump hosts a meeting with business leaders in the Roosevelt Room of the White House in Washington January 23, 2017, including Johnson & Johnson CEO Alex Gorsky.Kevin Lamarque/Reuters Drug companies had largely been bracing themselves for a different election result in the US. When President Donald Trump was elected, biotechnology stocks rose 13.3% by the end of election week, as it was thought that a Clinton victory would have been negative for the sector. That all took a major turn in January when Trump said at a press conference that drug companies are "getting away with murder," saying that the US should start bidding on drugs to bring prices down.  Pharma CEOs met with Trump on January 31, but Trump's exact policy plan for drug pricing still appears to be up in the air.  Also up in the air is Trump's plan for the Affordable Care Act, which would impact drugmakers. Corporate tax reform President Donald Trump meet with Pharma industry representatives.Reuters Corporate tax reform was one of the big issues healthcare CEOs brought up during the meeting with the president.  "We're going to be lowering taxes, we're going to be getting rid of regulations that are unnecessary," Trump said.  That could have a huge impact on the pharmaceutical industry. The healthcare sector has seen a number of so-called inversions, where companies merge with a foreign company and switch their tax domicile to a lower-tax jurisdiction in the process.  Liquid biopsies A standard blood draw.Hollis Johnson/Business Insider Though they've been around for some time, some executives thought 2017 would be the year that liquid biopsies make it into dinner-table conversations.  Unlike solid-tumor biopsies (where a piece of a tumor is taken out and tested), these "liquid" versions just pick up clues from the blood. They rely on something called "circulating tumor DNA," or the bits of DNA that are released from dying tumor cells into the bloodstream. There are a number of companies tackling the liquid biopsy at different stages — including Grail, a startup raising more than $1 billion for its cancer-screening liquid biopsy test. If liquid biopsies start getting used to screen healthy people for the early signs of cancer, that's likely the moment we'll all start to hear about them.  Cancer immunotherapy A healthy human t-cell is shown in this scanning electron micrograph image.NIAID / Flickr In the past few years, cancer immunotherapy, or the idea of harnessing the body's immune system to fight cancer, has made a major resurgence.  The big thing in 2017 is watching immunotherapy become more of a standard treatment — alongside chemotherapy, radiation and surgery — rather than just a cutting-edge experimental treatment.  "Chemo makes your hair fall out, immunotherapy cures you," said Rachel Humphrey, chief medical officer of CytomX, a biotech that's trying to develop safer ways to give these treatments. Microbiome Flickr/NIAID The delicate balance of microbes living inside each of us, collectively called our microbiome, has had a lot of buzz in recent years for potentially being the key to treat a whole host of different ailments. But in 2016, a failed trial for a microbiome therapy cast a shadow over the feasibility of these treatments. In 2017, we might start to see if that shadow's warranted, based on other treatments in development. "I think you see more along the lines of thoughtful approaches to the microbiome," Scott Brun head of AbbVie Ventures, the drugmaker's venture arm, said. Precision medicine becoming more than just a buzzword Lydia Ramsey/Business Insider In theory, precision medicine or personalized medicine, makes a lot of sense. Each person is unique, and could require a unique treatment for whatever ails him or her. It's a concept the Obama administration dedicated a lot of time and money to, but there's been a lot of skepticism from the medical community about how well it works in practice. Even so, people in the industry are optimistic about where the area's going. "We're starting to really come to appreciate that not every patient is going to benefit from every drug," Tom Zioncheck, senior director in business development at Genentech, said. "Now we're entering an age where we've got a drug not that we think is good for Ms. Smith, it's made for Ms. Smith," Neon Therapeutics chief business officer Robert Ang told Business Insider. Neon's working in the space on developing personalized cancer vaccines, a type of cancer immunotherapy that would go after a person's specific cancer mutations.  SEE ALSO: We asked pharma executives the one question they didn't want to hear about drug pricing DON'T MISS: Donald Trump just took the joy out of the drug industry's biggest investor conference More: Features pharma Drug pricing Trump JPM17 Liquid biopsy facebook linkedin twitter email print × Recommended For You Powered by Sailthru Here's what everyone in the drug industry is talking about right now Here's what everyone in the drug industry is talking about right now We're only one month into 2017, and... Recommended For You Disclaimer Featured How this astronaut overcame failure and rejection to land his dream job More "Idea Factory" » We just created the best Google Chrome extension on the market for latest news headlines More "BI Innovations" » Finance Emails & Alerts Get the best of Business Insider delivered to your inbox every day. Sign-Up Get the Slide Deck from Henry Blodget's IGNITION Presentation on the Future of Digital     Read Business Insider On The Go Available on iOS or Android Find A Job Tech Jobs C-Level Jobs Media Jobs Design Jobs Finance Jobs Sales Jobs See All Jobs » Thanks to our partners Follow us on: Also check out: * Copyright © 2017 Business Insider Inc. All rights reserved. Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. Disclaimer Commerce Policy Made in NYC Stock quotes by finanzen.net International Editions: UK DE AUS ID IN MY SG PL SE NL FR IT JP
24/7 Wall St. - Insightful Analysis and Commentary for U.S. and Global Equity Investors Search this site Business Aerospace & Defense Autos Banking & Finance Commodities & Metals Consumer Products Energy Healthcare Industrials Infrastructure Media Retail Services Technology Apps & Software Consumer Electronics Telecom & Wireless Apple Inc. Facebook Google Investing Analyst Upgrades Bankruptcy Buffett Corporate Governance Corporate Performance Dividends and Buybacks Earnings ETFs and Mutual Funds International Markets IPOs and Secondaries Mergers and Acquisitions Personal Finance Rumors Value Investing Economy Energy Government Regulation Healthcare Housing Jobs Special Report Brands and Products Cities Countries States Financial Giants Dominate DJIA Gains Friday By Paul Ausick February 3, 2017 4:01 pm EST Print Email Tweet February 3, 2017: Markets opened higher Friday and rose more or less steadily all day. The report on employment was stronger than expected in new jobs, but a little weak on wage growth. A Trump ordered rollback of financial regulations shoved financial stocks higher today. Only the consumer discretionary stocks traded lower Friday, as gains were spread generously. WTI crude oil for March delivery settled at $53.83 a barrel, up about 0.5% on the day and up about 0.7% for the week. April gold added 0.1% on the day to settle at $1,220.80, up 2.5% on the week. Equities were headed for a higher close close shortly before the bell as the DJIA traded up 0.97% for the day, the S&P 500 traded up 0.75%, and the Nasdaq Composite traded up 0.51%. The DJIA stock posting the largest daily percentage gain ahead of the close Friday was Visa Inc. (NYSE: V) which traded up 4.94% at $86.36. The stock’s 52-week range is $66.12 to $86.82, a new 52-week high posted earlier in this session. Volume was about 2.5 times the daily average of around 10.2 million shares. The credit card issuer had no specific news. The Goldman Sachs Group Inc. (NYSE: GS) traded up 4.42% at $240.60. The stock’s 52-week range is $138.20 to $247.77. Volume was about 50% above the daily average of around 4.4 million shares. The company had no specific news. JPMorgan Chase & Co. (NYSE: JPM) traded up 3.06% at $87.18. The stock’s 52-week range is $52.50 to $88.17. Volume was about 25% below the daily average of around 18.4 million shares. The big bank had no specific news Friday. American Express Co. (NYSE: AXP) traded up 2.14% at $78.15. The stock’s 52-week range is $50.27 to $78.42, a new 52-week high posted this morning. Volume was about 25% below the daily average of around 4.5 million shares. The company had no specific news. Of the Dow 30 stocks, 23 are on track to close higher Friday and 7 are set to close lower. I'm interested in the Newsletter Get Newsletter terms and conditions   By Paul Ausick « Why Neos Therapeutics Shares Are Hitting a New Low Hanesbrands, Under Armour Dive into Friday’s 52-Week Low Club » Read more: Investing, Dow Jones Industrial Average, market close, American Express (NYSE:AXP), Goldman Sachs (NYSE:GS), JPMorgan Chase & Co. (NYSE:JPM), Visa (NYSE:V) Free Daily Newsletter Subscribe Terms & Conditions Sponsors Popular States With the Highest (and Lowest) Gas Taxes The 25 Healthiest Cities in America Merrill Lynch Has 4 Stocks Rated Buy With Yields of 8% and More The Richest Town in Every State The Biggest Company the Year You Were Born Recent Biostage, Fossil Group Tumble into Friday’s 52-Week Low Club Caterpillar, Nike Push Dow Higher Friday 20 Groceries Driving Up Your Bill the Most Is Your Valentine True? Warning About Costly Sweetheart Swindles Get Quote for: Symbol Lookup Search Apple, Inc. CEO Tim Cook Talks Up Augmented Reality's Potential (Again) Infinera's Sales Fall, but the Bottom Might Be in Sight Console Wars 2017: Will Sony or Microsoft Win? Nasdaq Composite Index logs an all-time closing high of 5,734, up 0.3% S&P 500 closes up 0.4% at a record close of 2,316 Dow finishes at a record 2,270, up 0.5% Will Health Insurers Face the Music of Trump's Policies? Dow 30 Stock Roundup: Coca-Cola, Disney, Visa Beat on Earnings QuickLogic (QUIK) to Post Q4 Earnings: What's in the Cards? Top Federal Reserve official resigns as bank deregulation looms Energy stocks look for catalyst out of doldrums Senators question Goldman Sachs on its role in Trump banking policy Mexico gets Trump's trade ire. Japan and Germany, a pass Apple, Inc. CEO Tim Cook Talks Up Augmented Reality's Potential (Again) Wall Street Week Ahead: Energy Stocks Look for Catalyst out of Doldrums 'I Am Jazz' Transgender Doll To Debut At NYC Toy Fair Bay Area Floats 'Sanctuary In Transit Policy' To Protect Commuting Immigrants T.J. Maxx Customers And Employees Sound Off On Ivanka Trump Home About Us Disclaimer and Terms of Use Privacy Policy Contact Us Advertise AOL-HuffPost Money & Finance ©2017 24/7 Wall St. | Powered by WordPress.com VIP
Skip to content Home Business Science Health Technology About – Staff Privacy Policy Contact The NiSource, Inc (NI) Receives Consensus Recommendation of “Hold” from Analysts February 5, 2017 Robert V. Boyd Shares of NiSource, Inc (NYSE:NI) have received a consensus recommendation of “Hold” from the twelve ratings firms that are covering the stock. One investment analyst has rated the stock with a sell recommendation, six have assigned a hold recommendation and five have given a buy recommendation to the company. The average 12 month price target among brokerages that have covered the stock in the last year is $25.17. Several research firms have commented on NI. US Capital Advisors raised shares of NiSource from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating in a research note on Wednesday, November 30th. Evercore ISI raised shares of NiSource from a “sell” rating to a “hold” rating in a research note on Wednesday, November 2nd. Goldman Sachs Group, Inc. (The) began coverage on shares of NiSource in a research note on Thursday, December 15th. They set a “neutral” rating and a $23.00 price objective for the company. Guggenheim began coverage on shares of NiSource in a research note on Thursday, November 3rd. They set a “neutral” rating for the company. Finally, Citigroup Inc. upgraded NiSource from a “neutral” rating to a “buy” rating in a research report on Wednesday, December 14th. NiSource (NYSE:NI) traded up 1.74% during mid-day trading on Tuesday, hitting $22.22. 803,265 shares of the stock were exchanged. The stock has a 50 day moving average of $22.18 and a 200-day moving average of $23.28. The stock has a market cap of $7.17 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 23.61 and a beta of 0.24. NiSource has a 52-week low of $20.68 and a 52-week high of $26.94. NiSource (NYSE:NI) last posted its quarterly earnings data on Tuesday, November 1st. The company reported $0.06 EPS for the quarter, missing the consensus estimate of $0.07 by $0.01. NiSource had a return on equity of 8.76% and a net margin of 6.87%. During the same quarter in the previous year, the business earned $0.06 EPS. Equities analysts predict that NiSource will post $1.07 EPS for the current fiscal year. The company also recently disclosed a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Friday, February 17th. Investors of record on Friday, February 10th will be issued a $0.175 dividend. This is an increase from NiSource’s previous quarterly dividend of $0.17. This represents a $0.70 annualized dividend and a dividend yield of 3.21%. The ex-dividend date is Wednesday, February 8th. NiSource’s payout ratio is presently 71.74%. In related news, EVP Pablo Vegas bought 21,541 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction on Wednesday, November 16th. The shares were bought at an average price of $21.75 per share, for a total transaction of $468,516.75. Following the completion of the purchase, the executive vice president now directly owns 71,397 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $1,552,884.75. The transaction was disclosed in a filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is available through this link. Also, Director Michael E. Jesanis bought 12,000 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction on Monday, January 9th. The stock was bought at an average price of $22.53 per share, for a total transaction of $270,360.00. Following the purchase, the director now directly owns 26,725 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $602,114.25. The disclosure for this purchase can be found here. Insiders own 0.32% of the company’s stock. A number of institutional investors have recently bought and sold shares of NI. Cohen & Steers Inc. raised its position in NiSource by 14,608.3% in the second quarter. Cohen & Steers Inc. now owns 97,537,000 shares of the company’s stock valued at $95,586,000 after buying an additional 96,873,859 shares during the period. State Street Corp raised its position in NiSource by 14.9% in the second quarter. State Street Corp now owns 16,070,267 shares of the company’s stock valued at $426,183,000 after buying an additional 2,088,701 shares during the period. JPMorgan Chase & Co. raised its position in NiSource by 7.7% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 10,423,584 shares of the company’s stock valued at $251,311,000 after buying an additional 745,730 shares during the period. BlackRock Institutional Trust Company N.A. raised its position in NiSource by 1.2% in the third quarter. BlackRock Institutional Trust Company N.A. now owns 8,375,718 shares of the company’s stock valued at $201,939,000 after buying an additional 95,672 shares during the period. Finally, BlackRock Fund Advisors raised its position in NiSource by 3.5% in the third quarter. BlackRock Fund Advisors now owns 8,057,889 shares of the company’s stock valued at $194,276,000 after buying an additional 273,576 shares during the period. Institutional investors own 83.57% of the company’s stock. About NiSource NiSource Inc is an energy holding company. The Company is engaged in the distribution of natural gas. The Company operates through two business segments: Gas Distribution Operations and Electric Operations. The Gas Distribution Operations segment provides natural gas service and transportation for residential, commercial and industrial customers in Ohio, Pennsylvania, Virginia, Kentucky, Maryland, Indiana and Massachusetts. Business Post navigation The Harbor Advisors LLC Takes Position in Hess Corporation (HES) The General Electric Company (GE) is Amica Retiree Medical Trust’s 9th Largest Position Related posts February 11, 2017 Donald Swayze 0 The Brokerages Expect Seritage Growth Properties (SRG) to Post $0.59 Earnings Per Share Shares of Seritage Growth Properties (NYSE:SRG) have earned a consensus broker rating score of 4.00 (Sell)... February 11, 2017 Donald Swayze 0 The Brokerages Set CoStar Group Inc. (CSGP) Price Target at $237.75 Shares of CoStar Group Inc. (NASDAQ:CSGP) have been given a consensus rating of “Buy” by the... February 11, 2017 Donald Swayze 0 The First Commonwealth Financial Corp. (FCF) Receives Average Recommendation of “Hold” from Brokerages First Commonwealth Financial Corp. (NYSE:FCF) has been assigned an average recommendation of “Hold” from the seven... Leave a Comment Cancel reply Latest The Brokerages Expect Seritage Growth Properties (SRG) to Post $0.59 Earnings Per Share The Brokerages Set CoStar Group Inc. (CSGP) Price Target at $237.75 The First Commonwealth Financial Corp. (FCF) Receives Average Recommendation of “Hold” from Brokerages The Zacks: CRISPR THERAPTC (CRSP) Given Average Rating of “Strong Buy” by Analysts The APG Asset Management N.V. Has $187,580,000 Position in United Parcel Service Inc. (UPS) The Cooke & Bieler LP Has $101,008,000 Position in Abbott Laboratories (ABT) The Pool Corp. (POOL) Position Boosted by Wells Fargo & Company MN The Wells Fargo & Company MN Has $85,334,000 Position in Big Lots Inc. (BIG) The Bed Bath & Beyond Inc. (BBBY) Shares Bought by APG Asset Management N.V. The BlackRock Fund Advisors Boosts Stake in A. Schulman Inc. (SHLM) The River Road Asset Management LLC Acquires 12,631 Shares of Wal-Mart Stores Inc. (WMT) The Praxair Inc. (PX) Receives $117.83 Average PT from Brokerages The Granite Oil Corp Com Npv (GXOCF) to Issue Dividend Increase – $0.03 Per Share The Inter National Market Index (ADR) Receives Consensus Rating of “Buy” from Brokerages The BlackRock Fund Advisors Boosts Position in Lannett Co. (LCI) The AerCap Holdings NV (AER) Position Cut by BlackRock Fund Advisors The Q3 2017 EPS Estimates for Netflix Inc. Cut by Analyst (NFLX) The Booz Allen Hamilton Holding Corp. (BAH) Receives $36.33 Consensus PT from Analysts The iShares Russell 2000 Index (ETF) (IWM) Short Interest Down 10.4% in December The Brokerages Set United Therapeutics Corp. (UTHR) PT at $142.75 © DailyQuint.
DailyCaller The DC Home Politics US World Entertainment Sports Business Opinion Guns and Gear Deals Issues Blogs Send a Tip Columnists Ann Coulter Ask Matt Labash Matt Lewis The Mirror DC Trawler Ginni Thomas           DailyCaller   Search:     Home Politics US World Entertainment Sports Business Opinion Guns and Gear Deals Daily Dealer Wine Club Issues Defense Education Energy Blogs The Mirror DC Trawler Send a Tip   A man smokes marijuana from a pipe during the 4/20 Rally at the Civic Center in Denver, Colorado, April 20, 2014. Thousands of marijuana enthusiasts gathered in Colorado and Washington state over the weekend for an annual celebration of cannabis culture with rallies, concerts and trade shows in the first two states to legalize recreational marijuana. REUTERS/Mark Leffingwell    Subway-Blunt Smoking Granny Was Once Super Rich Robert Donachie Finance Reporter 1:22 PM 02/05/2017      Pinterest  Reddit  LinkedIn  WhatsApp     Share         TOP 5463106 The elderly woman in a wheelchair that made waves across social media for smoking a cigar filled with marijuana on a New York City subway may have once been insanely wealthy. The 60-year-old woman, Michelle Carter, was once a millionaire, The New York Post reports. Carter was deemed mentally ill by physicians in 2005 after she fell into the path of an incoming train, causing her to lose both of her legs below the knee. Rejecting the doctor’s diagnoses, Carter sued the city Transit Authority the following year, arguing that the incident was not a suicide attempt, but rather she had been pushed against her will onto the train tracks. The Transit Authority claimed, like the physicians, that Carter was attempting suicide. The woman then rolled around the streets of New York City for some eight years. Her wandering days were over in 2014, when the Transit Authority agreed to give Carter $4 million to settle the incident. Two years later, in 2016, she sat in court once again without a penny to her name. While some of the money was likely spent by Carter, a great deal of it was actually stolen from her. A thief snatched her bag containing a cashier’s check for $886,339.96 while Carter was sitting at Penn Station in 2015. After reporting the theft to the police, Carter found out the thief had cashed the check at a local JP Morgan Chase branch in the name of a fake corporation. For its part, JP Morgan has failed to release the name of the individual, the Post reports. A cell phone video went viral in early January that shows Carter rolling up and smoking a blunt on an M train. The woman argues with a young male passenger before getting thrown off the train. (RELATED: Woman In Wheelchair Lights Blunt Up On Train) As Carter yells at the male passenger, he gets increasingly hostile, even going so far as to make physical threats. “GET THE F@CK OFF MY TRAIN!” the passenger screams at Carter. “I’ll smack you and that hat, and that blunt,” he says, according to the New York Post. “Everybody on this train, I’m decking that b!tch…Word, gangsta.” After the passenger yells, the video clips to Carter sprawled out on the subway station floor with her belongings strewn everywhere. It is unclear if it was the passenger, or law enforcement, that threw her off the train. Follow Robert on Twitter Send tips to robert@dailycallernewsfoundation.org Content created by The Daily Caller News Foundation is available without charge to any eligible news publisher that can provide a large audience. For licensing opportunities of our original content, please contact licensing@dailycallernewsfoundation.org. Tags: Marijuana, New York City Hide Comments   Show comments Free News Alerts Privacy: We never share your email Sections Politics US Opinion Entertainment World Business Sports Tech Featured Partners Columns Ann Coulter Ask Matt Labash Matt Lewis The Mirror DC Trawler Ginni Thomas Corporate About Us Advertise With Us Employment Terms Of Use Privacy Policy Contact Us Follow Facebook Twitter Google+ © Copyright 2010 - 2017 | The Daily Caller
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy   Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance AMC Entertainment Holdings Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for AMC Entertainment Holdings Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News UBS Group AG Sells 35,584 Shares of RR Donnelley & Sons Co (RRD) PRA Health Sciences, Inc. (PRAH) Shares Sold by UBS Group AG PRA Health Sciences, Inc. (PRAH) Shares Sold by UBS Group AG Lazard Asset Management LLC Continues to Hold Position in Aircastle Limited (AYR) Lazard Asset Management LLC Has $204,000 Position in Westpac Banking Corporation (WBK) HBK Investments L P Has $351,000 Stake in Century Aluminum Company (CENX) Cabot Corporation (CBT) Shares Sold by HBK Investments L P 12,294 Shares in FLIR Systems, Inc. (FLIR) Acquired by HBK Investments L P Private Wealth Advisors Inc. Continues to Hold Stake in Oracle Corporation (ORCL) AT&T Inc. (T) Position Reduced by Waldron LP Waters Parkerson & CO. LLC Has $26,702,000 Position in Intel Corporation (INTC) Edmond de Rothschild Europe Continues to Hold Stake in McDonald’s Corporation (MCD) Bristol-Myers Squibb Company (BMY) Position Cut by Krasney Financial LLC Home Depot, Inc. (The) (HD) Position Raised by Krasney Financial LLC Krasney Financial LLC Has $1,556,000 Position in Amgen Inc. (AMGN) Spears Abacus Advisors LLC Holds Stake in International Business Machines Corporation (IBM) McDonald’s Corporation (MCD) Stake Decreased by Godshalk Welsh Capital Management Inc. Verizon Communications Inc. (VZ) Shares Bought by Johnson Investment Counsel Inc. Johnson Investment Counsel Inc. Cuts Position in Bristol-Myers Squibb Company (BMY) NewMarket Corporation (NEU) Position Held by Advantus Capital Management Inc AMC Entertainment Holdings’ (AMC) “Buy” Rating Reaffirmed at B. Riley February 5th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Latisha Jones Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Finance Tweet B. Riley reaffirmed their buy rating on shares of AMC Entertainment Holdings, Inc. (NYSE:AMC) in a research note issued to investors on Sunday. The firm currently has a $47.50 target price on the stock. AMC has been the subject of a number of other reports. Wedbush reissued a buy rating and issued a $41.00 price target on shares of AMC Entertainment Holdings in a report on Wednesday, January 18th. Credit Suisse Group downgraded shares of AMC Entertainment Holdings from an outperform rating to a neutral rating and set a $34.00 price target for the company. in a report on Tuesday, January 31st. Stifel Nicolaus reissued a positive rating and issued a $36.00 price target on shares of AMC Entertainment Holdings in a report on Tuesday, January 24th. They noted that the move was a valuation call. Goldman Sachs Group, Inc. (The) began coverage on shares of AMC Entertainment Holdings in a report on Tuesday, December 13th. They issued a neutral rating and a $33.00 price target for the company. Finally, Royal Bank Of Canada raised their price objective on shares of AMC Entertainment Holdings from $34.00 to $40.00 and gave the stock an outperform rating in a report on Friday, January 20th. Five equities research analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and eleven have assigned a buy rating to the company. AMC Entertainment Holdings presently has a consensus rating of Buy and an average price target of $36.91. AMC Entertainment Holdings (NYSE:AMC) traded down 0.45% on Friday, reaching $32.90. 238,526 shares of the company’s stock traded hands. AMC Entertainment Holdings has a 52-week low of $19.28 and a 52-week high of $35.65. The stock has a market capitalization of $3.20 billion, a PE ratio of 25.97 and a beta of 1.53. The firm’s 50-day moving average is $33.99 and its 200 day moving average is $32.03. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION NOTICE: “AMC Entertainment Holdings’ (AMC) “Buy” Rating Reaffirmed at B. Riley” was originally posted by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are reading this report on another domain, it was stolen and reposted in violation of US and international trademark & copyright laws. The correct version of this report can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/02/05/amc-entertainment-holdings-amc-buy-rating-reaffirmed-at-b-riley.html. Large investors have recently bought and sold shares of the stock. American Century Companies Inc. boosted its stake in AMC Entertainment Holdings by 3.8% in the second quarter. American Century Companies Inc. now owns 234,056 shares of the company’s stock valued at $6,462,000 after buying an additional 8,620 shares during the last quarter. Chicago Equity Partners LLC bought a new stake in AMC Entertainment Holdings during the second quarter valued at $576,000. State Board of Administration of Florida Retirement System bought a new stake in AMC Entertainment Holdings during the second quarter valued at $208,000. JPMorgan Chase & Co. boosted its stake in AMC Entertainment Holdings by 13,703.7% in the second quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 22,362 shares of the company’s stock valued at $617,000 after buying an additional 22,200 shares during the last quarter. Finally, Nationwide Fund Advisors raised its position in shares of AMC Entertainment Holdings by 5.8% in the second quarter. Nationwide Fund Advisors now owns 40,690 shares of the company’s stock valued at $1,123,000 after buying an additional 2,243 shares during the period. Hedge funds and other institutional investors own 24.30% of the company’s stock. About AMC Entertainment Holdings AMC Entertainment Holdings, Inc is a holding company. The Company, through its subsidiaries, including AMC Entertainment Inc (AMCE), American Multi-Cinema, Inc (OpCo) and its subsidiaries, is engaged in the theatrical exhibition business. It operates through theatrical exhibition operations segment. It licenses first-run motion pictures from distributors owned by film production companies and from independent distributors. Receive News & Ratings for AMC Entertainment Holdings Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for AMC Entertainment Holdings Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News White House Announces Conway Was Counseled Warren Receives Support After GOP Formally Silences Her Report: Trump Was Not Completely Briefed on Bannon NSC Seat Justice Department Will Challenge Stop to Travel Ban President Trump Cancels Harley-Davidson Trip Due to Possible Protests © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Accessibility help Skip to navigation Skip to content Skip to footer Subscribe to the FT Sign In Subscribe Menu Search Financial Times myFT Search the FT Search Close Home World Sections World Home World Economy UK US China Africa Asia Pacific Emerging Markets Europe Latin America Middle East and North Africa Most Read Trump backs ‘One China’ policy in first presidential call with Xi Le Pen debt plan threatens massive default, say rating agencies Rupert Murdoch secretly sat in on interview with Donald Trump Expats take flight as Abu Dhabi tightens purse strings Trump’s battle with judges sets stage for constitutional showdown US Sections US Home US Economy US Politics & Policy US Companies US Election 2016 Most Read Trump backs ‘One China’ policy in first presidential call with Xi Rupert Murdoch secretly sat in on interview with Donald Trump Trump’s battle with judges sets stage for constitutional showdown Trump embraces Abe after moving to heal rift with Beijing The ruling against President Trump’s travel ban dissected Companies Sections Companies Home Energy Financials Health Industrials Media Retail & Consumer Technology Telecoms Transport Most Read Rupert Murdoch secretly sat in on interview with Donald Trump Snap set to spur new wave of tech start-ups in Los Angeles Shell and Chevron hold the good cards as oil price rebounds Former Rolls-Royce chief quizzed under caution in corruption probe Big pharma faces costly setback in cancer fight Markets Sections Markets Home fastFT Alphaville Markets Data Capital Markets Commodities Currencies Equities Fund Management Trading Most Read The importance of bubbles that did not burst Major Chinese bitcoin exchanges halt withdrawals after crackdown Hot leveraged loan market puts ebitda ‘add-backs’ under scrutiny Opec beats oil output cut expectations, says watchdog Investors pile into risky bonds in bet on Trump economy Opinion Sections Opinion Home Columnists FT View The Big Read Instant Insight Lex Alphaville Blogs Obituaries Letters Most Read Reasons to be cheerful about the British economy Theresa May’s policies make a mockery of her rhetoric The week revolution returned to Romania Big pharma faces costly setback in cancer fight Martin Schulz, the veteran MEP challenging for Merkel’s crown Work & Careers Sections Work & Careers Home Business School Rankings Business Education Entrepreneurship Recruitment Business Books Most Read My everyday gripes with Google and Amazon voice assistants Is it better to vape than to smoke? How a hostage situation can hone management skills How to ask for what you want — and get it every time  The death of the 40-hour week is killing us Life & Arts Sections Life & Arts Home Arts Books Food & Drink FT Magazine House & Home Style Travel Most Read North Korean defector Hyeonseo Lee on escape and the secretive state Aubrey de Grey: scientist who says humans can live for 1,000 years London’s prime property bargains for foreign buyers Are we witnessing the strange, lingering death of Labour England? The rise and fall of a US-backed rebel commander in Syria Menu Search Home World US Companies Markets Opinion Work & Careers Life & Arts Financial Times Search the FT Search Close Subscribe to read: Financial Times Markets Spotlight: the costs of protectionism Already a subscriber? Sign in here Purchase a Newspaper + Premium Digital subscription for $11.77 per week * Select All the benefits of Premium Digital, plus: Free delivery to your home or office, Monday to Saturday FT Weekend - a stimulating blend of news and lifestyle Purchase a Premium Digital subscription for $10.25 per week * Select All the benefits of Standard Digital, plus: Unlimited access to all content Instant Insights column for comment and analysis as news unfolds FT Confidential Research - in-depth China and Southeast Asia analysis ePaper - the digital replica of the printed newspaper Full access to LEX - our agenda setting daily commentary Exclusive emails, including a weekly email from our Editor, Lionel Barber Full access to EM Squared- news and analysis service on emerging markets Purchase a Standard Digital subscription for $6.45 per week * Select Access to FT award winning news on desktop, mobile and tablet Personalised email briefings by industry, journalist or sector Portfolio tools to help manage your investments FastFT - market-moving news and views, 24 hours a day Brexit Briefing - Your essential guide to the impact of the UK-EU split Purchase a Digital Trial subscription for $1.00 for 4 weeks * Select For 4 weeks receive unlimited Premium digital access to the FT's trusted, award-winning business news * Terms and conditions apply Other subscription options Corporate Newspaper Only Weekend App Edition Welcome to the new FT.com. The same global insight. Faster than ever before on all your devices. View tips Give feedback Welcome to the new FT.com. The same global insight. Faster than ever before on all your devices. View tips Give feedback Support Feedback Help Centre About Us Accessibility Legal & Privacy Terms & Conditions Privacy Cookies Copyright Services Conferences & Events Individual Subscriptions Group Subscriptions Republishing Contracts & Tenders Analysts Research Executive Job Search Advertise with the FT Follow the FT on Twitter Ebooks Tools Portfolio ePaper Alerts Hub Lexicon MBA Rankings Economic Calendar News feed Newsletters Currency Converter Press Cuttings More from the FT Group Markets data delayed by at least 15 minutes. © THE FINANCIAL TIMES LTD 2017. FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. The Financial Times and its journalism are subject to a self-regulation regime under the FT Editorial Code of Practice. Financial Times Close International Edition Search the FT Search Switch to UK Edition Top sections Home World Show more World links World Economy UK US China Africa Asia Pacific Emerging Markets Europe Latin America Middle East and North Africa US Show more US links US Economy US Politics & Policy US Companies US Election 2016 Companies Show more Companies links Energy Financials Health Industrials Media Retail & Consumer Technology Telecoms Transport Markets Show more Markets links fastFT Alphaville Markets Data Capital Markets Commodities Currencies Equities Fund Management Trading Opinion Show more Opinion links Columnists FT View The Big Read Instant Insight Lex Alphaville Blogs Obituaries Letters Work & Careers Show more Work & Careers links Business School Rankings Business Education Entrepreneurship Recruitment Business Books Life & Arts Show more Life & Arts links Arts Books Food & Drink FT Magazine House & Home Style Travel Personal Finance Show more Personal Finance links Property & Mortgages Investments Pensions Tax Banking & Savings Special Reports Science & Environment FT recommends Lex Alphaville EM Squared Lunch with the FT Video Podcasts Blogs News feed Newsletters myFT Portfolio ePaper Crossword Help Centre Subscribe Sign In Open in app Open in app
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy   Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Archrock Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Archrock Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Blackrock Throgmorton Trust PLC (THRG) Increases Dividend to GBX 6.25 Per Share Pattern Energy Group Inc. (PEGI) Stock Rating Lowered by Zacks Investment Research Analysts Issue Forecasts for Akamai Technologies, Inc.’s Q1 2017 Earnings (AKAM) Allergan PLC. (AGN) Forecasted to Post Q1 2017 Earnings of $3.55 Per Share AngioDynamics, Inc. (ANGO) Receives $16.63 Average Target Price from Brokerages Sanatana Resources Inc (STA) Director Peter Leighton Miles Purchases 372,000 Shares of Stock Alexander & Baldwin Holdings, Inc. (ALEX) Director Stanley M. Kuriyama Sells 4,250 Shares Nicholas Financial, Inc. (NICK) Major Shareholder Magnolia Capital Fund, Lp Purchases 19,196 Shares Brokerages Anticipate Air Methods Corporation (AIRM) to Post $0.61 Earnings Per Share Owens Corning Inc (OC) Upgraded to Hold by Zacks Investment Research Avon Products, Inc. (AVP) Forecasted to Post Q1 2017 Earnings of $0.05 Per Share Analysts Offer Predictions for Camden Property Trust’s Q1 2017 Earnings (CPT) Jefferies Group Comments on CenturyLink, Inc.’s Q1 2017 Earnings (CTL) Brokerages Set Computer Programs and Systems, Inc. (CPSI) Price Target at $34.55 Seaport Global Securities Brokers Cut Earnings Estimates for Diamond Offshore Drilling, Inc. (DO) Daniel Kerzner Sells 36,000 Shares of Alarm.com Holdings, Inc. (ALRM) Stock Elissa Fink Sells 5,000 Shares of Tableau Software, Inc. (DATA) Stock Eaton Vance Tax-Managed Global Buy-Write (ETW) to Issue $0.10 Monthly Dividend Fiserv, Inc. to Post Q1 2017 Earnings of $1.18 Per Share, SunTrust Banks Forecasts (FISV) Marriott International (MAR) Receives $83.98 Average Target Price from Brokerages Archrock, Inc. (AROC) Shares Bought by TIAA CREF Investment Management LLC February 5th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Tyrone Williams Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet TIAA CREF Investment Management LLC raised its position in shares of Archrock, Inc. (NYSE:AROC) by 2.0% during the third quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The fund owned 322,441 shares of the company’s stock after buying an additional 6,210 shares during the period. TIAA CREF Investment Management LLC owned approximately 0.47% of Archrock worth $4,218,000 as of its most recent SEC filing. A number of other large investors have also modified their holdings of the stock. Vanguard Group Inc. raised its stake in Archrock by 8.1% in the second quarter. Vanguard Group Inc. now owns 6,410,918 shares of the company’s stock worth $60,391,000 after buying an additional 480,664 shares in the last quarter. BlackRock Fund Advisors raised its stake in Archrock by 5.7% in the third quarter. BlackRock Fund Advisors now owns 5,120,956 shares of the company’s stock worth $66,982,000 after buying an additional 277,756 shares in the last quarter. State Street Corp raised its stake in Archrock by 37.1% in the second quarter. State Street Corp now owns 2,015,094 shares of the company’s stock worth $18,986,000 after buying an additional 545,449 shares in the last quarter. Harvest Fund Advisors LLC purchased a new stake in Archrock during the second quarter worth approximately $14,732,000. Finally, Bank of New York Mellon Corp raised its stake in Archrock by 4.8% in the third quarter. Bank of New York Mellon Corp now owns 1,496,130 shares of the company’s stock worth $19,569,000 after buying an additional 67,971 shares in the last quarter. 88.60% of the stock is owned by institutional investors. Archrock, Inc. (NYSE:AROC) opened at 15.40 on Friday. Archrock, Inc. has a 12-month low of $3.41 and a 12-month high of $15.70. The company has a 50-day moving average price of $14.30 and a 200-day moving average price of $12.46. The firm’s market cap is $1.05 billion. The business also recently announced a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Wednesday, February 15th. Stockholders of record on Wednesday, February 8th will be given a dividend of $0.12 per share. The ex-dividend date is Monday, February 6th. This represents a $0.48 annualized dividend and a dividend yield of 3.12%. Archrock’s payout ratio is currently -30.77%. TRADEMARK VIOLATION WARNING: “Archrock, Inc. (AROC) Shares Bought by TIAA CREF Investment Management LLC” was originally posted by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are reading this report on another publication, it was stolen and reposted in violation of United States & international trademark and copyright law. The original version of this report can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/02/05/archrock-inc-aroc-shares-bought-by-tiaa-cref-investment-management-llc.html. AROC has been the subject of a number of analyst reports. Capital One Financial Corporation raised shares of Archrock from an “equal weight” rating to an “overweight” rating in a research note on Monday, November 14th. Scotiabank lowered shares of Archrock to a “hold” rating in a research note on Thursday, December 15th. Finally, J P Morgan Chase & Co initiated coverage on shares of Archrock in a research note on Friday, January 6th. They set a “neutral” rating and a $13.00 price objective for the company. Eleven research analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and five have issued a buy rating to the stock. The company presently has an average rating of “Hold” and an average price target of $11.19. About Archrock Archrock, Inc, formerly Exterran Holdings, Inc, is a natural gas contract operations services company. The Company also provides natural gas compression services to customers in the oil and natural gas industry throughout the United States and supplies aftermarket services to customers that own compression equipment in the United States. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding AROC? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Archrock, Inc. (NYSE:AROC). Receive News & Ratings for Archrock Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Archrock Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News White House Announces Conway Was Counseled Warren Receives Support After GOP Formally Silences Her Report: Trump Was Not Completely Briefed on Bannon NSC Seat Justice Department Will Challenge Stop to Travel Ban President Trump Cancels Harley-Davidson Trip Due to Possible Protests © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
ETF News Best ETFs Top Rated ETFs Best ETF Categories ETF Screener Tools ETF Screener Find Whats In Your ETF Find What ETFs Hold Your Stock Find ETFs By Leverage Find ETFs By Asset Class Free Newsletter Search Trump’s Rollback Of Dodd-Frank Sets The Stage For New Financial Crisis February 5, 2017 7:29am NYSE:XLF ShareTweet From Mac Slavo: Beware of what may be coming next. We already know the establishment has a plan to blame President Trump for the next financial crisis, and now there are moves being made that will support that narrative. After the 2008 fiasco, a spotlight on Wall Street misbehavior and some weak, but better-than-nothing regulations were put on the industry in the hopes of preventing another string of bank failures and crippling economic disasters. But as the system teeters on edge and prepares to endure the backlash of increased rates at the Fed, Trump is also taking off the shackles that have been put in place by the Dodd-Frank Act which instituted certain protections for consumers, including a requirement that pensioners don’t have their nest egg devoured, etc. For the tens of millions of baby boomer retirees and aging pensioners, the social security net is all they’ve got to count on, apart from a few debt-saddled kids who have hardly been able to save a dime under eight years of Obama. The 2008 economic crisis penalized everyone with an entire cycle of wage freezes, job starvation and crushing dependence upon government programs for assistance. Wall Street, and the banker class at large were spared from blame or reparations to a society that was robbed blind. Instead, eight years of quantitative easing sent a tidal wave of easy money to the financial sector that created a gorge of asset buy-up from the top – especially in housing, where soaring rates are forcing single households to become renters instead of mortgage debt-slave owners once again. The election of President Trump created optimism about our collective financial prospects – with seemingly tangible promises of bringing home jobs and returning to American Greatness™. But the banksters also cheered his election; stock markets shot upwards in celebration. Key positions in the White House were offered to Goldman Sachs men and others of their ilk. Now, President Trump has issued an executive order that has Wall Street once again self-congratulating for backing the right man. The order is expected to gut protections that currently require financial products sellers As the London Independent reports: Donald Trump is expected to order a review of the Dodd-Frank Act, which was implemented in the aftermath of the 2008 financial crisis to prevent a repeat of the worst financial crash since the Great Depression. […] council has the right to break up banks that it thinks could pose a systemic risk to the global financial order. It also has the ability to demand that banks hold higher reserves, or cash buffers, to minimise a squeeze. Separately, the Dodd-Frank Act also created the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau, to oversee consumer financial products, such as mortgages. A key part of the Act is the Volcker Rule, which restricts the way that banks are allowed to invest and places restrictions on speculative trading. It also restricts banks from engaging in so-called proprietary trading, or trading for the firm’s direct gain, instead of on behalf of a client. So in effect, the rule is designed to separate the investment and commercial businesses of banks. It seems clear enough that this move benefits many of those at the top of the pyramid, but a Bloomberg report directly quoting from senior leadership on Wall Street, and now inside the Trump Administration, makes crystal clear that the intentions are quite self-interested: Chief executives including Goldman Sachs Group Inc.’s Lloyd Blankfein and JPMorgan Chase & Co.’s Jamie Dimon have been pushing for changes for years, arguing that the industry has been too constrained by the system put in place by the 2010 Dodd-Frank Act. After Trump focused on limiting trade and immigration during his first two weeks in office — policies opposed by many in the financial industry — the president’s stroke of a pen unleashes a process to undo many of the rules they find most irksome. “We’re going to attack all aspects of Dodd-Frank,” Gary Cohn, director of the White House National Economic Council, said Friday in an interview with Bloomberg Television. “We are going to engage the House, we’re going to engage the Senate. They are equally interested in reforming some of the regulatory processes as well. We can do quite a bit without them, but the more help we get from Congress the better off we’re all going to be.” Not necessarily the brightest news for the people. Though it isn’t immediately obvious that this change in the rules would cause immediate trouble, there is reason for concern. If the limitations – inadequate as they were – are lifted off the banks, specifically with investing in commercial banking and with pensions, things could once again take a turn for the worse. If the same reckless behavior is repeated, it could not only bring the system to a halt, and crash the stock market, but it could potentially wipe out the holdings of those who need it most – pensioners. Meanwhile, defaults and the burden of a debt-supercycle are also threatening to topple the system. One way or another, the next era will have to handle enormous risk of total economic crisis. As the Independent notes: Does this mean we’re at risk of facing another financial crisis? Some economists have even been bold enough to say that getting rid of Dodd-Frank could indeed pave the way for another crisis. What makes matters a lot worse, is that many experts believe that global financial systems and economies are more vulnerable now than they were ahead of the last financial crisis. So if we do suffer another major crash, the damage has the potential to be a lot more grave. Central banks around the world have already slashed interest rates to record lows leaving them with limited ammunition to do more to stimulate economic growth. Government debt has also sky rocketed over the decade since the last crisis. Whatever comes next, there is a toxic cycle that is waiting to crash down upon us with a tsunami of financial misfortune. Federal Reserve policies in the wake of the last crisis set up the American people for a very bad fall. Economic vibrancy among the middle class and general population has been sucked dry, and they will be ill prepared to handle a new crunch in credit and possible hyper inflationary/deflationary crisis. Trump’s pro-business, pro-American policies may help if they are instituted correctly, but enabling the financial sector to once again prey upon people and fuel the rise-and-collapse of a massive series of bubbles and a derivatives WMD is not a healthy option. The stage has been set for a nightmare that we must pray never comes. The Financial Select Sector SPDR Fund (NYSE:XLF) closed at $23.72 on Friday, up $0.47 (+2.02%). Year-to-date, XLF has gained 2.02%, versus a 2.60% rise in the benchmark S&P 500 index during the same period. XLF currently has an ETF Daily News SMART Grade of A (Strong Buy), and is ranked #1 of 39 ETFs in the Financial Equities ETFs category. This article is brought to you courtesy of SHTFplan.com. Tags: Donald Trump financial NYSE:XLF Categories: NYSE:XLF Read Next Financial ETFs Surge As Trump Signs Executive Order To Cancel Dodd-Frank Financial ETFs On The Rise After A Slew Of Banking Stock Earnings Financials, Small Caps Continue To Outperform Under Trump Will Trump Tear Up Dodd-Frank? The Market Is Betting on It BlackRock: Financials A Big Winner from Trump Victory Recommended for You Get Free Updates Join over 50,000 investors who get the latest news from ETFDailyNews.com! Subscribe Most Popular What To Make Of Another Record Close For The Dow Jones Industrial Average Like The Dow, The Boom-Bust Barometer Is Making New All-Time Highs Is It Time To Sell The Trump Rally? Our Exclusive Tools Best ETFs List Best ETF Categories ETF Screener Find Whats In Your ETF Find What ETF Holds Your Stock Search ETFs By Leverage Search ETFs By Asset Class Sponsored Content From Our Partners Explore More from ETFDailyNews.com Free Daily Newsletter Get daily ETF insights from our market experts. Never miss another important market development again! Sign Me Up ETFDailyNews.com respects your privacy. Best ETFs We've rated and ranked nearly 2,000 ETFs and ETNs using our proprietary SMART Grade system. View Top Rated ETFs Best Categories We've ranked dozens of ETF categories based on relative performance. Best ETF Categories ©2017 ETF Daily News About Us | Authors | Contact Us | Terms of Use
147686468041 Long Island Sports Entertainment Lifestyle News Business Health Opinion Obituaries Cars Homes Jobs Subscribe Manage Manage my account Preferences Newsletters Subscribe to TV Weekly Subscribe to Newsday Manage my account Subscribe to TV Weekly Uh-Oh! It looks like there is no Newsday subscription account associated with this login information. If you used an Optimum login, click the Connect Account button to use your Optimum login info to manage your Newsday subscription account. If you used a Newsday login, it looks like it's not connected to an active subscriber account. To verify your subscription information, click the Connect Account button. Otherwise, click Subscribe to create a new Newsday account. CONNECT ACCOUNT SUBSCRIBE Today's Paper Today's paper / archives » Newsday Fun Book » Recent covers gallery » Special sections » Traffic 0 Weather 30° Log in Log out Sections Home Long Island Top Stories Nassau Suffolk Education Crime Politics Towns Investigations Data and maps Commuting LI Life History Obituaries Sports Top Stories Yankees Mets Islanders Rangers Jets Giants Knicks Nets High school College Columns Videos Scores Baseball Basketball Boxing Football Golf Hockey Horse Racing Media MMA Motor Racing Olympics Soccer Opinion Top Stories Matt Davies Columnists Letters to the editor Submit your letter Business Top Stories Real Estate Technology Cars Columns Mutual funds Markets Stocks Nation and World Nation and World NYC State and Region Health Technology Weird news Lottery Entertainment Top Stories Movies TV Celebrities Music Books Theater Reality TV Crosswords Puzzles Comics Lifestyle Top Stories Restaurants Family Pets Travel Food and Drink Top 100 Restaurants Fashion and Shopping Home and Garden LI Getaways Recreation Retirement Advice Events Valentine's Day Winter Things to do Classifieds Classifieds Jobs Cars Real Estate Yellow Pages Legal Notices Obituaries Crosswords More Today's Paper Weather Traffic and Transit Data and maps Photos Videos Act 2 Horoscopes Advice Columns Lottery search Long Island Sports Entertainment Lifestyle News Business Health Opinion Obituaries Cars Homes Jobs Business Foreclosure help program faces loss of funding, advocates say Updated February 5, 2017 6:00 AM By Maura McDermott  maura.mcdermott@newsday.com Reprints + - Carrie Roman, a housing counselor with Long Island Housing Partnership in Hauppauge, works with a client trying to avoid foreclosure in 2014. Photo Credit: Newsday / John Paraskevas advertisement | advertise on newsday A network of housing agencies and legal groups that has helped more than 20,000 Long Islanders facing foreclosure is pushing to get funding for its work included in next year’s state budget. The groups — including 15 Long Island organizations — are due to lose funding in September if they do not receive state support, said Maria DeGennaro, Long Island regional coordinator for the Empire Justice Center, which is helping to coordinate the program. Most Popular Jones Beach Theater gets new name Carpenters union to hire 100 apprentices LI brewery reveals plans for move to campus 24-year-old’s firm arranges $7.8M in financing Fla. firm moves to Nassau, names LI exec CEO The statewide network of almost 90 groups says it has provided 70,000 homeowners with federally certified housing counselors and volunteer attorneys since 2012. The program is funded by major settlements with mortgage lenders. To continue the work after the settlement money runs out, the groups are seeking $10 million in the state fiscal year that begins April 1, and $20 million for the following year. The program “has been a long time in the making, and it’s finally giving the homeowners some protections they should have been afforded in the first place,” DeGennaro said. “To lose funding now would be a terrible tragedy.” Funding for the services was not included in the $162 billion spending plan released by Gov. Andrew M. Cuomo last month. State Sen. Phil Boyle (R-Bay Shore) said he and other legislators expect to include the funds in their own budget proposals. The deadline for the budget to be approved is April 1. A spokesman for the state budget division said in a statement that the budget talks are “ongoing.” advertisement | advertise on newsday One member of the network, the Nassau County Bar Association, runs twice-monthly clinics offering free legal advice, counseling and translators to homeowners facing foreclosure. It also sends volunteer attorneys to represent homeowners in state Supreme Court. Homeowner Keith McKinney, 58, who lives in the Village of Hempstead and works as a house painter, said he received crucial help from the bar association in his foreclosure case. He said he and his wife fell behind on their mortgage when they lost their jobs during the 2007-2009 recession. The volunteer attorneys “gave us excellent advice about our case,” he said.Their case is still pending, but the volunteers helped the couple buy time until they could save up to hire a private attorney, and they are hopeful about their chances in court, he said. Since 2012 the network of housing and legal groups, known as the Homeowner Protection Program, has received $100 million from settlements with major lenders accused of wrongdoing during the foreclosure crisis. State Attorney General Eric Schneiderman distributed the funds from a $25 billion settlement with five major lenders and a $13 billion settlement with JPMorgan Chase. Before 2012 the state funded housing counseling and legal services for homeowners in the wake of the housing crisis, advocates said. Tweets from https://twitter.com/NewsdayBiz/lists/newsday-biz-staff The distressed homeowners who have sought help include senior citizens, people with limited English skills, homeowners who ran into trouble with reverse mortgages and those who cannot afford an attorney, said Gale Berg, director of pro bono attorney activities at the Nassau County Bar Association. The groups have helped homeowners avoid scams and negotiate with lenders, she said. “There’s been a huge shift in the ability of homeowners to defend their rights and try to save their homes,” Berg said. Without it, she said, “all these homeowners are going to end up getting no help, not knowing where to turn and be on the street.” Pending foreclosure cases in 2016 Nassau: 5,796 Suffolk: 13,923 Source: New York State Unified Court System To reach the Homeowner Protection Program: (855) HOME-456 Get the Biz Briefing newsletter! The latest LI business news in your inbox daily. sign up    Click here to read or post comments Comments Newsday.com now uses Facebook for our comment boards. Please read our guidelines and connect your Facebook account to comment. More coverage Millions go to firms that helped craft refund system SEC investigating Lake Success company Raw materials lead broad stock rally Like it? Share it! Back to Top Services Subscribe Manage my Newsday Today's paper Join us on Facebook Join us on Twitter Sign up for newsletters Get our Apps Newsday mobile Our Network News 12 am New York Newsday Cars The Hometown Shopper Newsday Homes Newsday Jobs Optimum Newsday Connect News 12 Varsity News Long Island Nassau Suffolk Education Crime Politics Towns NYC U.S. / World Business Technology Commuting History Data and Maps Traffic Obituaries Sports Giants Jets Knicks Nets Islanders Rangers Yankees Mets High school Colleges Columns Scores Videos Photo Entertainment Celebrities Movies TV Music Restaurants Theater Lifestyle Family Shopping Pets Events Travel Books Weekend Guide Valentine's Day Winter Classifieds Jobs Cars Real Estate Yellow Pages More Crossword Weather Photos Videos LI Life Act 2 Lottery RSS Archive Site Map Privacy Policy Your ad choices Terms of Service Subscription Terms Contact Newsday Careers Reprints & Permissions Media Kit Advertise with Newsday Help Copyright ©   Newsday. All rights reserved. Sorry to interrupt... Your first 5 are free Access to Newsday is free for Optimum customers. Please enjoy 5 complimentary views to articles, photos, and videos during the next 30 days. LOGIN SUBSCRIBE
WSJ WSJ LIVE WSJ Live on Facebook WSJ Live on Twitter MARKETWATCH MarketWatch on Facebook MarketWatch on Twitter BARRON'S <h4>Barrons on Facebook</h4><div style="border: none; padding: 2px 3px;" class="fb-like" data-href="http://www.facebook.com/barronsonline" data-send="false" data-layout="button_count" data-width="250" data-show-faces="false" data-action="recommend"></div> <h4>Barrons on Twitter</h4><a href="https://twitter.com/barronsonline" class="twitter-follow-button" data-show-count="true">Follow @barronsonline</a> DJX Product X on Facebook Product X on Twitter RT F R&C PE&VC WSJ B MORE Mansion Global WSJ Secure BigCharts Financial News Professor Journal Realtor.com Student Journal Virtual Stock Exchange WSJ Classifieds WSJ Classrooms WSJ Wine Search Asia Edition U.S. Edition   Subscribe Log In Home Magazine This Week's Edition Past Editions New: Cartoons Daily All Coverage Barron's Take Weekday Trader Up & Down Wall St. Daily Getting Technical Striking Price Daily Wall Street's Best Minds Read This, Spike That Stocks to Watch Today Asia Stocks to Watch Income Investing Tech Trader Daily Focus on Funds Emerging Markets Q&A Video Center Investing Ideas Overview Barron's Picks & Pans Mutual Funds / ETFs Hedge Funds Stocks Center Commodities Center Bonds Center Options Center Barron's Take Weekday Trader Stock Alert Inside Scoop Ahead of the Crowd Focus on Funds Stocks to Watch Today Barron's Roundtable Advisor Center Overview Top 100 Advisors Top 100 Women Advisors Top 100 Independent Advisors Top 1,200 Advisors Advisor Profiles Market Data Market Data Center Market Lab Economic Calendar Watchlist Stock Grader Stock & Fund Tables Barron's 400 PENTA Penta Magazine Penta Daily Penta Archives Barron's NEXT Up and Down Wall Street Goldilocks Joins Team Trump During a week of tumult in D.C., a benign jobs report calms the markets. By Randall W. Forsyth Biography Feb. 4, 2017 12:13 a.m. ET The first two weeks of the Trump presidency have been nothing if not eventful. An immigration ban, a Supreme Court nomination, testy phone calls to foreign leaders, an attempt to dismantle Dodd-Frank—all in a week’s work. Plus feuding with Arnold Schwarzenegger. It’s a wonder that the new administration had time to react to trivial... Get The Full Story Subscribe   or   Log In Want to participate in the discussion? Already a subscriber? Log in for complete access. Powered by Livefyre Most Popular 1. What’s Apple to Do with $246 Billion in Cash? Subscriber Content Read Preview 2. 12 Stocks to Benefit Most From the House Tax Plan Subscriber Content Read Preview 3. Why You Want to Own Tesla Now Subscriber Content Read Preview 4. The One Thing You Have that Warren Buffett Doesn’t Subscriber Content Read Preview 5. Forget India, the New Big Thing Is Right Next Door Subscriber Content Read Preview See Full List Latest Market Videos 1 Barron's Buzz: The Best Fund Families of 2016 2 Is Under Armour Asking for a Backlash? 3 Twitter Posts 10th Straight Quarter of Lower Revenue Barron's Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn YouTube RSS Feed AppStore Google Play Return to Top« Customer Service Customer Center Contact Us Live Help Refer Your Friends to Barron's and Get Rewarded. Learn More Create an Account Subscribe to Barron's Magazine Subscribers: Activate Your Digital Access About Barrons.com Advertising Masthead Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Data Policy Copyright Policy Subscriber Agreement & Terms of Use Your Ad Choices Community Guidelines Also From Barron's Conferences Reprints Classifieds College Program Find a Broker Barron's in Japanese Tools & Services Mobile Site Email Newsletters Barron's on iPad/iPhone Barron's on Android Watchlist Video Annual Reports StockGrader Barron's 400 Economic Calendar Stock & Mutual Fund Listings Commodities, Options & Annuities Listings Fund Prospectuses ACAP Enabled Copyright ©2017 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
EDITION US عربي (Arabi) Australia Brasil Canada Deutschland España France Ελλάδα (Greece) India Italia 日本 (Japan) 한국 (Korea) Maghreb México Québec (En Francais) South Africa United Kingdom United States NEWS Highline Science Education Weird News Business TestKitchen Tech College Media POLITICS Pollster Heroin Epidemic Donald Trump Racial Inequality US Senate Election Results HuffPost Hill Police Brutality Hate Crimes Supreme Court Congress So That Happened ENTERTAINMENT Entertainment Comedy Celebrity TV Arts + Culture Backspace Movies LIFESTYLE Healthy Living Travel Style Taste Home Relationships Sleep IMPACT Reclaim Project Zero HuffPost RYOT Good News VOICES Black Voices Latino Voices Women Fifty Queer Voices Parents VIDEO ALL SECTIONS Arts + Culture Black Voices Books Business Candidate Confessional Celebrity College Comedy Crime Divorce Dolce Vita Eat the Press Education Election Results Entertainment Fifty Good News Green Healthy Living Highline Home Horoscopes HuffPost Data HuffPost Hill Impact Latino Voices Media Newsletters Outspeak Parents Politics Pollster Queer Voices Religion Science Small Business So That Happened Sports Style Taste Tech Teen TestKitchen Travel TV Weddings Weird News Women FEATURED OWN Paving the Way The Power Of Humanity Sleep + Wellness What's Working: Purpose + Profit WorldPost POLITICS Wall Street Is Even More Craven Than We Thought The new alliance between financial executives and Donald Trump. 02/05/2017 06:00 am ET | Updated 5 days ago 1.8k Zach Carter Senior Political Economy Reporter, The Huffington Post Bloomberg via Getty Images WASHINGTON ― Democrats used to see Jamie Dimon as one of the good guys on Wall Street. Once hailed as a “progressive” by The New Republic, the JPMorgan Chase CEO counted himself friends with two different chiefs of staff to President Barack Obama and traveled to the first black White House no less than 16 times. In 2009, The New York Times described him as “Obama’s favorite banker.” He has publicly supported same-sex marriage and the legalization of undocumented immigrants. Dimon gave hundreds of thousands to Democratic Party candidates, the party itself, and even the Center for American Progress, a think tank advancing the ideas of Bill Clinton and Obama. But there was Dimon on Friday, sitting at a table surrounded by other wealthy corporate executives, being praised by President Donald Trump ― a man who publicly supports war crimes and is already flirting with a constitutional crisis as he implements a campaign promise to impose “a complete and total shutdown of Muslims entering the United States.” “There’s nobody better to tell me about Dodd-Frank than Jamie,” Trump said, smiling and pointing his finger at Dimon. Within hours, the president had signed an executive order calling for federal agencies to scour a 2010 Wall Street reform law for regulations that could be nullified. True to Trump’s reality TV background, the day was more pageantry than policy. He doesn’t need a press conference and an executive order to void Obama’s regulations. He can simply appoint regulators who quietly fail to enforce them. But there was important symbolic meaning to Trump’s daylong celebration of Wall Street. The president was telling America that Dimon and the other CEOs assembled in Washington were on his team, united in the same cause as chief strategist Steve Bannon and Attorney General Jeff Sessions. Those concerned that Trump is pursuing a white nationalist agenda by deliberately attempting to provoke global military conflict can rest easy after Friday: Responsible financiers, including Jamie Dimon, are at the table. In a statement provided to HuffPost, JPMorgan Chase recoiled at the idea that Dimon is enthusiastic about Trump’s full policy platform. “It’s absurd to equate speaking constructively with someone to endorsing all of their views,” bank spokesman Andrew Gray said. Few would insist Dimon agrees with Trump on every issue. But that is not the pressing moral issue of the day. The question is whether political and commercial elites will allow themselves to be co-opted by the Trump regime in pursuit of their own narrow interests. Dimon’s attendance on Friday, and a host of recent enthusiastic comments he has made about the Trump administration, demonstrate he cares more about bank deregulation than the persecution of minorities.  Dimon can make loads of money from the evisceration of Dodd-Frank. There is a reason he opposed creating a new Consumer Financial Protection Bureau, which has returned more than $11 billion to families wronged by banks, payday lenders and other firms since its inception. There is a reason he fought efforts to rein in the derivatives market that sank AIG; a reason he blasted the Volcker Rule, which aimed to prevent banks from speculating in securities markets with taxpayer-backed funding. The profit motive is real, and as Friday’s event showed, it is often more powerful than conscience. Maybe Democrats should have seen Dimon’s weaknesses earlier. Under his watch, JPMorgan illegally foreclosed on the families of active-duty members of the American military. It pleaded guilty to felony currency manipulation. It paid the federal government more than $1 billion and admitted wrongdoing over its “London Whale” debacle. It paid hundreds of millions of dollars to settle charges that it bribed public officials in Alabama, rigged electricity markets in California, and violated economic sanctions against Iran, Cuba and Sudan. The bank has paid out billions and billions of dollars in foreclosure fraud settlements. Dimon wasn’t the only CEO slapping backs at the White House. Other members of Trump’s official “Strategic and Policy Forum” include Walmart CEO Doug McMillon, Walt Disney CEO Bob Iger and billionaire Steven Schwarzman, who once likened a modest Obama tax hike on the wealthy to “when Hitler invaded Poland.” Some attendees were even more aggressive supporters of the Democratic Party than Dimon once was. BlackRock CEO Larry Fink was a longtime Hillary Clinton backer and a rumored contender for treasury secretary. Trump gave him a shout-out in front of the cameras. “Where is Larry?” Trump cracked, laughing until he spotted the mega-millionaire a few seats away. “He managed a lot of my money, and I gotta tell ya, he got me great returns, Larry.” This scene was the end result of the Democratic Party’s decision to ally itself with Wall Street in the 1990s. Bill Clinton’s economic agenda focused on turning over large swaths of the American political project to the financial sector. From welfare reform to the North American Free Trade Agreement to the repeal of Glass-Steagall to the slashing of capital gains taxes, the Democratic Party’s policy agenda fused with the interests of Wall Street. Most party leaders were happy to go along ― lots of elite bankers were clearly in the tank for Republicans, but some seemed like really good guys. “There are good banks and bad banks just like there are good politicians and bad politicians,” Dimon once told The New Republic. The financial crisis of 2008 was a direct descendant of the Democratic alliance with the banking world. NAFTA and World Trade Organization treaties flooded the U.S. with foreign capital just as the U.S. government deregulated what banks could do with that money. After a festival of fraud on Wall Street, Obama went easy on the financial sector, refusing to prosecute bankers for criminal wrongdoing. In thanks, many of those “fat cats” who once swore allegiance to the Democratic party are now allying themselves with Trump and Bannon. At the 1936 Democratic National Convention, President Franklin Delano Roosevelt declared that “government by organized money is just as dangerous as government by organized mob.” Somewhere along the way, Democrats unlearned that lesson. American democracy may pay a terrible price. Sign up for the HuffPost Must Reads newsletter. Each Sunday, we will bring you the best original reporting, long form writing and breaking news from The Huffington Post and around the web, plus behind-the-scenes looks at how it’s all made. Click here to sign up! Do you have information you want to share with the Huffington Post? Here’s how. Also on HuffPost More: Donald Trump Barack Obama Must Reads U.s. Presidential Elections Republican Politics Suggest a correction 132 Comments Close SUBSCRIBE TO & FOLLOW MUST READS Every week, HuffPost Must Reads features a behind-the-scenes look at how longform journalism is made. We go under the hood. Why did the writer take that unexpected angle? How hard was it to get that source on the record? We're here to tell that story. Learn more Newsletter 2.03 M 1.11 M 469 K Podcast Add us on Snapchat Wall Street Is Even More Craven Than We Thought NEW! HIGHLIGHT AND SHARE Highlight text to share via Facebook and Twitter CONVERSATIONS Advertise RSS Careers FAQ User Agreement Privacy Comment Policy About Us About Our Ads Contact Us Archive Copyright © 2017 TheHuffingtonPost.com, Inc.    "The Huffington Post" is a registered trademark of TheHuffingtonPost.com, Inc. All rights reserved. Part of HuffPost • HPMG News
Home About/Contact US Privacy Policy Staff Daily Email Updates Headlines Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Investing L Brands Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for L Brands Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Recent Posts OraSure Technologies, Inc. (OSUR) Lifted to Strong-Buy at Zacks Investment Research Zacks Investment Research Lowers Orion Energy Systems, Inc. (OESX) to Hold Tenneco Inc. (TEN) to Post Q1 2017 Earnings of $1.38 Per Share, Northcoast Research Forecasts Barrington Research Comments on Snap-On Incorporated’s Q1 2017 Earnings (SNA) Equities Analysts Offer Predictions for Sanderson Farms, Inc.’s Q1 2017 Earnings (SAFM) UK Commercial Property Trust Limited Plans Dividend of GBX 0.92 (UKCM) Zacks: ICU Medical, Inc. (ICUI) Given Average Rating of “Buy” by Analysts News Corporation (NWSA) Receives $16.00 Consensus Price Target from Brokerages Generac Holdlings Inc. (GNRC) Receives $40.50 Consensus Price Target from Analysts Financial Engines, Inc. (FNGN) EVP Christopher L. Jones Sells 6,667 Shares Eaton Vance Tax-Advantaged Global Divide (ETO) To Go Ex-Dividend on February 16th Eaton Vance Tax-Managed Global Dive Eq (EXG) To Go Ex-Dividend on February 16th Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd. (RCL) Receives $95.82 Average Target Price from Analysts Q1 2017 Earnings Forecast for Corrections Corp. of America Issued By SunTrust Banks (CXW) Michael Rapino Sells 210,000 Shares of Live Nation Entertainment, Inc. (LYV) Stock Model N, Inc. (MODN) Raised to Buy at Zacks Investment Research Masco Corporation Forecasted to Earn Q1 2017 Earnings of $0.36 Per Share (MAS) Equities Analysts Issue Forecasts for Kilroy Realty Corporation’s Q1 2017 Earnings (KRC) Q1 2017 EPS Estimates for Humana Inc. (HUM) Decreased by Analyst Ring Energy (REI) Receives $15.90 Average Price Target from Analysts Q2 2018 EPS Estimates for L Brands, Inc. Decreased by Wedbush (LB) Posted by Dave Schultz on Feb 5th, 2017 // No Comments Tweet L Brands, Inc. (NYSE:LB) – Investment analysts at Wedbush cut their Q2 2018 earnings estimates for shares of L Brands in a report issued on Thursday. Wedbush analyst M. Brown now expects that the brokerage will post earnings per share of $0.63 for the quarter, down from their prior forecast of $0.64. A number of other brokerages also recently issued reports on LB. Wolfe Research dropped their price target on L Brands from $67.00 to $62.00 and set a “peer perform” rating for the company in a research report on Friday, January 6th. Jefferies Group LLC set a $48.00 price objective on L Brands and gave the company a “sell” rating in a report on Thursday, January 5th. FBR & Co set a $69.00 price objective on L Brands and gave the company a “hold” rating in a report on Sunday, January 8th. RBC Capital Markets reissued a “sector perform” rating and set a $70.00 price objective (down from $82.00) on shares of L Brands in a report on Wednesday, November 2nd. Finally, Zacks Investment Research cut L Brands from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating in a report on Monday, October 24th. Two analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, sixteen have assigned a hold rating, eleven have issued a buy rating and one has given a strong buy rating to the company. The stock presently has a consensus rating of “Hold” and an average target price of $73.30. TRADEMARK VIOLATION WARNING: This story was posted by Web Breaking News and is owned by of Web Breaking News. If you are viewing this story on another publication, it was copied illegally and reposted in violation of United States & international copyright & trademark law. The correct version of this story can be viewed at http://www.webbreakingnews.com/2017/02/05/q2-2018-eps-estimates-for-l-brands-inc-decreased-by-wedbush-lb.html. Shares of L Brands (NYSE:LB) opened at 59.58 on Friday. The firm has a market capitalization of $17.04 billion, a P/E ratio of 14.99 and a beta of 0.82. L Brands has a one year low of $57.48 and a one year high of $88.77. The firm’s 50-day moving average is $63.16 and its 200 day moving average is $70.12. L Brands (NYSE:LB) last announced its earnings results on Wednesday, November 16th. The company reported $0.42 EPS for the quarter, topping the consensus estimate of $0.40 by $0.02. The firm had revenue of $2.58 billion for the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $2.57 billion. L Brands had a net margin of 9.31% and a negative return on equity of 124.12%. The business’s quarterly revenue was up 4.0% on a year-over-year basis. During the same period last year, the company posted $0.55 EPS. The firm also recently declared a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Friday, March 3rd. Stockholders of record on Friday, February 17th will be paid a $0.60 dividend. This represents a $2.40 annualized dividend and a dividend yield of 4.03%. The ex-dividend date is Wednesday, February 15th. L Brands’s dividend payout ratio is currently 60.61%. TRADEMARK VIOLATION WARNING: This story was posted by Web Breaking News and is owned by of Web Breaking News. If you are viewing this story on another publication, it was copied illegally and reposted in violation of United States & international copyright & trademark law. The correct version of this story can be viewed at http://www.webbreakingnews.com/2017/02/05/q2-2018-eps-estimates-for-l-brands-inc-decreased-by-wedbush-lb.html. Hedge funds and other institutional investors have recently bought and sold shares of the company. Alecta Pensionsforsakring Omsesidigt boosted its position in L Brands by 0.3% in the third quarter. Alecta Pensionsforsakring Omsesidigt now owns 10,833,000 shares of the company’s stock valued at $766,543,000 after buying an additional 30,000 shares in the last quarter. Jackson Square Partners LLC boosted its position in L Brands by 39.0% in the second quarter. Jackson Square Partners LLC now owns 7,415,981 shares of the company’s stock valued at $497,834,000 after buying an additional 2,082,149 shares in the last quarter. Morgan Stanley boosted its position in L Brands by 7.7% in the third quarter. Morgan Stanley now owns 7,179,662 shares of the company’s stock valued at $508,104,000 after buying an additional 510,227 shares in the last quarter. American International Group Inc. boosted its position in L Brands by 4.9% in the third quarter. American International Group Inc. now owns 6,250,708 shares of the company’s stock valued at $442,363,000 after buying an additional 291,573 shares in the last quarter. Finally, JPMorgan Chase & Co. boosted its position in L Brands by 6.2% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 4,690,926 shares of the company’s stock valued at $331,978,000 after buying an additional 273,772 shares in the last quarter. Hedge funds and other institutional investors own 74.93% of the company’s stock. About L Brands L Brands, Inc operates specialty retail business. The Company is focused on women’s intimate and other apparel, personal care and beauty categories. The Company operates through three segments: Victoria’s Secret, Bath & Body Works, and Victoria’s Secret and Bath & Body Works International. Victoria’s Secret segment includes PINK, which is the specialty retailer of women’s intimate and other apparel with collections, fragrances, supermodels and runway shows. Receive News & Ratings for L Brands Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for L Brands Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter. « Previous Mastercard Incorporated to Post Q4 2017 Earnings of $1.04 Per Share, Oppenheimer Holdings Forecasts (MA) Next » Guidance Software, Inc. (GUID) Receives $18.40 Consensus PT from Brokerages Latest News Nike Suspends Relationship with Maria Sharapova Rob Bironas Ex-Titans Kicker Dies in Car Crash Ron Washington Leaves Texas Rangers Due to an Affair Jonathan Dwyer Falls in Line with Other Banned NFL Players Tony Stewart Case Going to the Grand Jury Oscar Pistorius “Blade Runner” Found Not Guilty of Murder Leave a Reply Click here to cancel reply. Name (Required) Mail (will not be published) (Required) Website   Home Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Headlines Investing © 2006-2017 Web Breaking News.
WSJ WSJ LIVE WSJ Live on Facebook WSJ Live on Twitter MARKETWATCH MarketWatch on Facebook MarketWatch on Twitter BARRON'S <h4>Barrons on Facebook</h4><div style="border: none; padding: 2px 3px;" class="fb-like" data-href="http://www.facebook.com/barronsonline" data-send="false" data-layout="button_count" data-width="250" data-show-faces="false" data-action="recommend"></div> <h4>Barrons on Twitter</h4><a href="https://twitter.com/barronsonline" class="twitter-follow-button" data-show-count="true">Follow @barronsonline</a> DJX Product X on Facebook Product X on Twitter RT F R&C PE&VC WSJ B MORE Mansion Global WSJ Secure BigCharts Financial News Professor Journal Realtor.com Student Journal Virtual Stock Exchange WSJ Classifieds WSJ Classrooms WSJ Wine Search Asia Edition U.S. Edition   Subscribe Log In Home Magazine This Week's Edition Past Editions New: Cartoons Daily All Coverage Barron's Take Weekday Trader Up & Down Wall St. Daily Getting Technical Striking Price Daily Wall Street's Best Minds Read This, Spike That Stocks to Watch Today Asia Stocks to Watch Income Investing Tech Trader Daily Focus on Funds Emerging Markets Q&A Video Center Investing Ideas Overview Barron's Picks & Pans Mutual Funds / ETFs Hedge Funds Stocks Center Commodities Center Bonds Center Options Center Barron's Take Weekday Trader Stock Alert Inside Scoop Ahead of the Crowd Focus on Funds Stocks to Watch Today Barron's Roundtable Advisor Center Overview Top 100 Advisors Top 100 Women Advisors Top 100 Independent Advisors Top 1,200 Advisors Advisor Profiles Market Data Market Data Center Market Lab Economic Calendar Watchlist Stock Grader Stock & Fund Tables Barron's 400 PENTA Penta Magazine Penta Daily Penta Archives Barron's NEXT Barron's Cover Chipotle: Can It Be Fixed? The fast-casual chain is getting past its food-safety issues. CEO Steve Ells can improve service, but rising costs could cut into an earnings rebound. By Jack Hough Biography February 4, 2017 Shares of Chipotle Mexican Grill might look cheap at a recent $404 apiece, down from a peak of over $750 a year and a half ago. Don’t dig in yet, though. The Denver-based burrito chain is moving beyond a punishing sales decline caused by widespread 2015 outbreaks of E. coli, salmonella, and norovirus, but keeping a clean record from here while luring back lost customers could involve a long-term shift higher in sourcing and marketing costs. Sales at longstanding stores have begun rebounding from their level a year ago,... Get The Full Story Subscribe   or   Log In Want to participate in the discussion? Already a subscriber? Log in for complete access. Powered by Livefyre Most Popular 1. What’s Apple to Do with $246 Billion in Cash? Subscriber Content Read Preview 2. 12 Stocks to Benefit Most From the House Tax Plan Subscriber Content Read Preview 3. Why You Want to Own Tesla Now Subscriber Content Read Preview 4. The One Thing You Have that Warren Buffett Doesn’t Subscriber Content Read Preview 5. Forget India, the New Big Thing Is Right Next Door Subscriber Content Read Preview See Full List Latest Market Videos 1 Barron's Buzz: The Best Fund Families of 2016 2 Is Under Armour Asking for a Backlash? 3 Twitter Posts 10th Straight Quarter of Lower Revenue Barron's Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn YouTube RSS Feed AppStore Google Play Return to Top« Customer Service Customer Center Contact Us Live Help Refer Your Friends to Barron's and Get Rewarded. Learn More Create an Account Subscribe to Barron's Magazine Subscribers: Activate Your Digital Access About Barrons.com Advertising Masthead Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Data Policy Copyright Policy Subscriber Agreement & Terms of Use Your Ad Choices Community Guidelines Also From Barron's Conferences Reprints Classifieds College Program Find a Broker Barron's in Japanese Tools & Services Mobile Site Email Newsletters Barron's on iPad/iPhone Barron's on Android Watchlist Video Annual Reports StockGrader Barron's 400 Economic Calendar Stock & Mutual Fund Listings Commodities, Options & Annuities Listings Fund Prospectuses ACAP Enabled Copyright ©2017 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy   Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Universal Electronics Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Universal Electronics Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Benchmark Electronics, Inc. (BHE) Stock Price Up -1.5% on Analyst Upgrade iRobot Corporation (IRBT) Shares Gap Down on Insider Selling Zacks Investment Research Upgrades Model N, Inc. (MODN) to Buy NewJersey Resources Corporation (NJR) Upgraded to “Hold” at Zacks Investment Research Seaport Global Securities Equities Analysts Lower Earnings Estimates for Regal Beloit Corporation (RBC) Equities Analysts Set Expectations for Pioneer Natural Resources Company’s Q1 2017 Earnings (PXD) Parsley Energy, Inc. (PE) to Post Q1 2017 Earnings of $0.11 Per Share, Williams Capital Forecasts Analysts Set Western Refining, Inc. (WNR) Target Price at $31.70 CI Financial Corp (CIX) Receives C$28.88 Consensus PT from Brokerages Analysts Set DENTSPLY SIRONA Inc. (XRAY) Price Target at $65.57 Brokerages Set Juniper Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (JNP) Target Price at $18.75 Cybg Plc (CYBG) Receives GBX 249 Average PT from Brokerages KKR & Co. L.P. (KKR) Shares Gap Down After Earnings Miss ArcelorMittal (MT) Receives $5.79 Average PT from Analysts Brokers Issue Forecasts for Sabre Corporation’s Q1 2017 Earnings (SABR) Glu Mobile Inc. (GLUU) Trading Down 12.4% on Disappointing Earnings Bombardier Inc (BDRBF) Receives $2.13 Average Target Price from Analysts Piedmont Office Realty Trust, Inc. (PDM) Receives $21.88 Consensus Target Price from Brokerages Brokerages Set California Water Service Group Holding (CWT) Price Target at $31.00 Jefferies Group Weighs in on WellCare Health Plans, Inc.’s Q1 2017 Earnings (WCG) Universal Electronics Inc (UEIC) Receives $82.17 Average Price Target from Brokerages February 4th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Patrick Bannon Filed Under: Consensus Rating Articles - Finance Tweet Shares of Universal Electronics Inc (NASDAQ:UEIC) have been given an average rating of “Buy” by the six research firms that are covering the company. One research analyst has rated the stock with a hold recommendation and five have assigned a buy recommendation to the company. The average 1-year price objective among analysts that have issued ratings on the stock in the last year is $82.17. UEIC has been the subject of several research reports. B. Riley upgraded shares of Universal Electronics from a “neutral” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $73.50 price objective for the company in a research report on Monday, November 7th. Zacks Investment Research lowered shares of Universal Electronics from a “hold” rating to a “sell” rating in a research report on Tuesday, November 8th. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY WARNING: “Universal Electronics Inc (UEIC) Receives $82.17 Average Price Target from Brokerages” was originally published by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are reading this piece of content on another website, it was copied illegally and republished in violation of US & international copyright laws. The original version of this piece of content can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/02/04/universal-electronics-inc-ueic-receives-82-17-average-price-target-from-brokerages.html. Shares of Universal Electronics (NASDAQ:UEIC) opened at 62.95 on Thursday. The company has a market cap of $917.31 million, a price-to-earnings ratio of 34.93 and a beta of 1.78. The stock’s 50 day moving average is $64.74 and its 200-day moving average is $70.31. Universal Electronics has a 52 week low of $46.68 and a 52 week high of $80.42. Universal Electronics (NASDAQ:UEIC) last released its quarterly earnings data on Thursday, November 3rd. The company reported $0.94 EPS for the quarter, beating the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of $0.92 by $0.02. Universal Electronics had a net margin of 4.05% and a return on equity of 16.85%. The business earned $170.30 million during the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $173.98 million. During the same quarter last year, the business earned $0.78 earnings per share. Universal Electronics’s quarterly revenue was up 6.1% compared to the same quarter last year. On average, equities analysts anticipate that Universal Electronics will post $2.90 earnings per share for the current year. In related news, insider Richard A. Firehammer, Jr. sold 753 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction dated Tuesday, November 22nd. The shares were sold at an average price of $70.30, for a total value of $52,935.90. The transaction was disclosed in a filing with the SEC, which is accessible through this link. Also, EVP Paul J. Bennett sold 10,000 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction dated Thursday, December 15th. The stock was sold at an average price of $67.67, for a total transaction of $676,700.00. Following the completion of the transaction, the executive vice president now directly owns 19,583 shares in the company, valued at approximately $1,325,181.61. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. In the last three months, insiders sold 55,265 shares of company stock worth $3,631,373. Insiders own 5.82% of the company’s stock. Hedge funds and other institutional investors have recently bought and sold shares of the company. American Century Companies Inc. bought a new position in Universal Electronics during the second quarter valued at approximately $5,251,000. Columbus Circle Investors bought a new position in Universal Electronics during the second quarter valued at approximately $12,631,000. EAM Investors LLC increased its position in Universal Electronics by 0.9% in the second quarter. EAM Investors LLC now owns 57,836 shares of the company’s stock valued at $4,180,000 after buying an additional 509 shares in the last quarter. Ameriprise Financial Inc. increased its position in Universal Electronics by 4.7% in the second quarter. Ameriprise Financial Inc. now owns 104,175 shares of the company’s stock valued at $7,531,000 after buying an additional 4,682 shares in the last quarter. Finally, JPMorgan Chase & Co. increased its position in Universal Electronics by 3,619.7% in the second quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 6,435 shares of the company’s stock valued at $465,000 after buying an additional 6,262 shares in the last quarter. 91.97% of the stock is currently owned by institutional investors. About Universal Electronics Universal Electronics Inc (UEI) develops control and sensor technology solutions and manufactures a line of pre-programmed and universal remote control products, audio-video (AV) accessories, and intelligent wireless security and automation components. The Company’s offerings include pre-programmed universal infrared (IR) and radio frequency (RF) remote controls that are sold primarily to subscription broadcasting providers, original equipment manufacturers (OEMs), retailers, and private label customers, and integrated circuits, on which its software and universal device control database is embedded, sold primarily to OEMs, subscription broadcasting providers, and private label customers. Receive News & Ratings for Universal Electronics Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Universal Electronics Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News White House Announces Conway Was Counseled Warren Receives Support After GOP Formally Silences Her Report: Trump Was Not Completely Briefed on Bannon NSC Seat Justice Department Will Challenge Stop to Travel Ban President Trump Cancels Harley-Davidson Trip Due to Possible Protests © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy   Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Pattern Energy Group Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Pattern Energy Group Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Blackrock Throgmorton Trust PLC (THRG) Increases Dividend to GBX 6.25 Per Share Pattern Energy Group Inc. (PEGI) Stock Rating Lowered by Zacks Investment Research Analysts Issue Forecasts for Akamai Technologies, Inc.’s Q1 2017 Earnings (AKAM) Allergan PLC. (AGN) Forecasted to Post Q1 2017 Earnings of $3.55 Per Share AngioDynamics, Inc. (ANGO) Receives $16.63 Average Target Price from Brokerages Sanatana Resources Inc (STA) Director Peter Leighton Miles Purchases 372,000 Shares of Stock Alexander & Baldwin Holdings, Inc. (ALEX) Director Stanley M. Kuriyama Sells 4,250 Shares Nicholas Financial, Inc. (NICK) Major Shareholder Magnolia Capital Fund, Lp Purchases 19,196 Shares Brokerages Anticipate Air Methods Corporation (AIRM) to Post $0.61 Earnings Per Share Owens Corning Inc (OC) Upgraded to Hold by Zacks Investment Research Avon Products, Inc. (AVP) Forecasted to Post Q1 2017 Earnings of $0.05 Per Share Analysts Offer Predictions for Camden Property Trust’s Q1 2017 Earnings (CPT) Jefferies Group Comments on CenturyLink, Inc.’s Q1 2017 Earnings (CTL) Brokerages Set Computer Programs and Systems, Inc. (CPSI) Price Target at $34.55 Seaport Global Securities Brokers Cut Earnings Estimates for Diamond Offshore Drilling, Inc. (DO) Daniel Kerzner Sells 36,000 Shares of Alarm.com Holdings, Inc. (ALRM) Stock Elissa Fink Sells 5,000 Shares of Tableau Software, Inc. (DATA) Stock Eaton Vance Tax-Managed Global Buy-Write (ETW) to Issue $0.10 Monthly Dividend Fiserv, Inc. to Post Q1 2017 Earnings of $1.18 Per Share, SunTrust Banks Forecasts (FISV) Marriott International (MAR) Receives $83.98 Average Target Price from Brokerages National Bank Financial Analysts Lift Earnings Estimates for Pattern Energy Group Inc. (PEGI) February 4th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Latisha Jones Filed Under: Analyst Articles - Estimates - Finance Tweet Pattern Energy Group Inc. (NASDAQ:PEGI) (TSE:PEG) – Research analysts at National Bank Financial boosted their FY2016 EPS estimates for shares of Pattern Energy Group in a research note issued on Tuesday. National Bank Financial analyst R. Merer now anticipates that the brokerage will post earnings per share of ($0.26) for the year, up from their prior estimate of ($0.27). A number of other research firms have also weighed in on PEGI. Zacks Investment Research upgraded Pattern Energy Group from a “strong sell” rating to a “hold” rating in a report on Saturday, October 8th. RBC Capital Markets restated an “outperform” rating and set a $35.00 target price on shares of Pattern Energy Group in a report on Tuesday, November 8th. J P Morgan Chase & Co lowered Pattern Energy Group from an “overweight” rating to a “neutral” rating and lowered their target price for the stock from $26.00 to $24.00 in a report on Friday, December 16th. Finally, Credit Suisse Group began coverage on Pattern Energy Group in a report on Thursday, November 17th. They set an “outperform” rating and a $22.00 target price for the company. Three investment analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and nine have assigned a buy rating to the company. The company has an average rating of “Buy” and an average target price of $26.56. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION NOTICE: This piece was originally reported by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are reading this piece on another domain, it was illegally stolen and reposted in violation of US and international copyright and trademark law. The correct version of this piece can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/02/04/national-bank-financial-analysts-lift-earnings-estimates-for-pattern-energy-group-inc-pegi.html. Shares of Pattern Energy Group (NASDAQ:PEGI) opened at 19.94 on Friday. Pattern Energy Group has a one year low of $14.56 and a one year high of $25.13. The company’s market cap is $1.74 billion. The company has a 50 day moving average price of $19.45 and a 200 day moving average price of $21.63. The company also recently announced a quarterly dividend, which was paid on Tuesday, January 31st. Investors of record on Friday, December 30th were given a $0.408 dividend. This represents a $1.63 annualized dividend and a dividend yield of 8.18%. This is an increase from Pattern Energy Group’s previous quarterly dividend of $0.40. The ex-dividend date of this dividend was Wednesday, December 28th. Pattern Energy Group’s dividend payout ratio is presently -428.95%. In related news, Director Alan R. Batkin purchased 5,000 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction on Monday, November 21st. The shares were bought at an average cost of $19.02 per share, with a total value of $95,100.00. Following the transaction, the director now owns 26,277 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $499,788.54. The acquisition was disclosed in a document filed with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which can be accessed through this link. Also, insider Esben W. Pedersen sold 1,200 shares of the stock in a transaction dated Monday, November 7th. The stock was sold at an average price of $23.01, for a total value of $27,612.00. Following the sale, the insider now directly owns 127,053 shares in the company, valued at $2,923,489.53. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. 1.79% of the stock is owned by corporate insiders. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION NOTICE: This piece was originally reported by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are reading this piece on another domain, it was illegally stolen and reposted in violation of US and international copyright and trademark law. The correct version of this piece can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/02/04/national-bank-financial-analysts-lift-earnings-estimates-for-pattern-energy-group-inc-pegi.html. A number of large investors have recently made changes to their positions in PEGI. BNP Paribas Arbitrage SA increased its stake in shares of Pattern Energy Group by 146.8% in the third quarter. BNP Paribas Arbitrage SA now owns 5,531 shares of the company’s stock valued at $124,000 after buying an additional 3,290 shares in the last quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. increased its stake in shares of Pattern Energy Group by 639.5% in the second quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 6,508 shares of the company’s stock valued at $149,000 after buying an additional 5,628 shares in the last quarter. BlackRock Inc. increased its stake in shares of Pattern Energy Group by 105.4% in the second quarter. BlackRock Inc. now owns 7,924 shares of the company’s stock valued at $183,000 after buying an additional 4,067 shares in the last quarter. Teacher Retirement System of Texas increased its stake in shares of Pattern Energy Group by 13.8% in the second quarter. Teacher Retirement System of Texas now owns 8,304 shares of the company’s stock valued at $191,000 after buying an additional 1,010 shares in the last quarter. Finally, LPL Financial LLC increased its stake in shares of Pattern Energy Group by 1.6% in the third quarter. LPL Financial LLC now owns 12,895 shares of the company’s stock valued at $279,000 after buying an additional 200 shares in the last quarter. Pattern Energy Group Company Profile Pattern Energy Group Inc is an independent power company focused on owning and operating power projects. The Company holds interests in over 18 wind power projects located in the United States, Canada and Chile with total capacity of over 2,644 megawatts (MW). Each of its projects has contracted to sell its output pursuant to a power sale agreement. Receive News & Ratings for Pattern Energy Group Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Pattern Energy Group Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News White House Announces Conway Was Counseled Warren Receives Support After GOP Formally Silences Her Report: Trump Was Not Completely Briefed on Bannon NSC Seat Justice Department Will Challenge Stop to Travel Ban President Trump Cancels Harley-Davidson Trip Due to Possible Protests © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
  Home U.K.     News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Latest Headlines News World News Arts Headlines Pictures Most read News Board Wires My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad 'I love all my moms': Hundreds of polygamists and their families led by the 'Sister Wives' descend on the steps of Utah Capitol to demand the legal right to plural marriage Black high school basketball players are harassed by 60 students dressed up for 'Hick Night' chanting 'Build that wall' and 'Get them out of here!' during game World's eighth biggest spammer, who is responsible for sending more than a million spam emails, faces decades in jail after being arrested 'He's gone. He's blue': Frantic 911 call from George Michael's lover reveals that he had been trying to wake him for an hour before calling The Supper Bowl! The Trumps, the Japanese prime minister and his wife are joined by New England Patriots owner for dinner at Mar-a-Lago after the First Family fly to Florida on Air Force One Hundreds of illegal immigrants arrested across six states this week in what officials say are 'routine' roundups of people who would also have been detained under Obama Trump says a 'brand new' immigration order could come as soon as MONDAY - as the White House looks to avoid a Supreme Court fight and craft a new plan From Russia with love: Vladimir Putin 'is considering returning Edward Snowden' to the US as a 'gift' to Trump more than three years after he was granted asylum in Moscow Michael Flynn's top aide is fired from National Security Council as tensions escalate over his discussions with Russian ambassador  Protesters block newly-installed education secretary Betsy DeVos from entering the first school she tries to visit, forcing her to sneak in via a side entrance  That's cheeky! Calvin Klein plays This is Not America and Mexican immigrant designer sends 'f*** your wall' underwear down the runway as New York Fashion Week gets political Trump laughed and nodded along during the Japanese PM's speech during Friday's press conference because 'he knew what the speech was about' Welcome to the famous White House! Trump pulls in the Japanese prime minister for a bromantic greeting before he takes a very Donald tour of the President's home ahead of a weekend of golf at Mar-a-Lago Getting away from it all! Ivanka carries a purse and wears shoes from her own under fire label as she, Jared and their three young children take their first flight on Air Force One to Mar-a-Lago Gym owner goes after Ivanka Trump on Facebook after finding out the first daughter used an alias to sign up for a class Trump stuns lawmakers by claiming he and former Senator Ayotte would have both won New Hampshire if not for 'thousands of illegal voters who were bused in from out of state' Baby's day out! Chelsea Clinton and husband Marc take son Aidan on an afternoon trip to gourmet food emporium after a morning at a fashion show where she denied she's considering a Senate run Parts of Trump 'dirty dossier' HAVE been verified by investigators - but NOT the most salacious details including 'golden shower' claims How the West Wing was won: Kellyanne Conway dresses in head-to-toe leather day after travel ban ruling (and drops $6k on her boots and purse alone) Botox in her neck, an apple before every meal and lasers to wipe out knee wrinkles: How Christie Brinkley looks like this at 63 (and don't forget her daily washes with ACID soap)!  Jared Kushner's younger brother Joshua 'has a preliminary agreement to buy the Miami Marlins baseball team for roughly $1.6billion' Shia LaBeouf's anti-Trump museum exhibit is shut down after becoming a 'flashpoint for violence' Ole Miss student, 21, HEADBUTTS a cop, breaking his nose, as he is taken into a cell for 'robbing a store clerk while high on new drug gravel' Little Caesars creator and Detroit Red Wings and Tigers owner dies aged 87 after amassing a fortune worth $6BILLION Previous Next REVEALED: Marijuana-smoking woman in a wheelchair who featured in viral subway video was once a millionaire who had a check worth $900,000 stolen and cashed by a thief  Michelle Carter, 60, was filmed on social media smoking what appeared to be a blunt on a New York City subway last month Carter's smoking ignited an argument inside an M train, where a young man confronted her  The incident quickly amassed close to 1million views Now it has been learned that Carter won a $4million settlement from the Transit Authority after she was hit by an oncoming subway train in 2005 The money dried up, and almost $900,000 was stolen by a thief who cashed a check inside her bag that he swiped Now Carter is suing JP Morgan Chase, saying that the bank should never have allowed the thief to cash the check  By Ariel Zilber For Dailymail.com Published: 19:47 EST, 4 February 2017 | Updated: 21:50 EST, 4 February 2017 e-mail 272 shares 12 View comments The wheelchair-bound woman who was filmed smoking what appeared to be marijuana on a New York City subway last month was once a millionaire who ran into hard luck and became destitute within months of winning a large court settlement. Michelle Carter, 60, was recorded on Instagram last month in a bizarre confrontation with a fellow passenger on a subway train, according to the New York Post. A video of the incident, shot on an M Train in New York, was posted online and quickly racked up almost one-million views. Now it has been learned that Carter had previously won a seven-figure settlement from the Transit Authority just two years ago. Michelle Carter, 60, was filmed last month while she appeared to be smoking a 'blunt' on a New York City subway train. She then got into an argument with a young man In 2005, Carter needed to have both of her legs amputated below the knee after she fell into the path of an oncoming F train in Roosevelt Island. Carter claimed that she was pushed, while transit officials argued that she tried to commit suicide. RELATED ARTICLES Previous 1 Next President Trump's first executive order in office could see... White House launches investigation into embarrassing phone... Share this article Share With no money, Carter continued to wander the streets until November 2014, when transit officials finally agreed to pay her $4million in damages, according to the Post. In the two years since the settlement, all of the money she received has evaporated. The video started when Carter appeared to be rolling a cigar while she was sat in her wheelchair Her lawyers believe that Carter squandered some of it and gave some of it way. She also was robbed of approximately $900,000. A thief had snatched her bag and ran away as she was sitting in New York's Penn Station sometime in 2015, according to the Post. The bag had contained a cashier's check for $886,339.96, an installment of the settlement she had reached with the Transit Authority. The thief apparently managed to cash the check at a JP Morgan Chase branch. Carter eventually sued the bank, claiming that it should never have allowed the thief to cash the check. 'She was victimized several times,' her lawyer, Robert Unger, told the Post. The Instagram video featuring Carter last month proved to be a hit on the internet.  It starts by showing Carter, who is not identified, rolling what appears to be cigar as she sits in her wheelchair. A young man was seen on camera shouting at her during the bizarre altercation A man off-camera is heard saying something, before the video cuts forward to Carter shouting back. 'If you smoke marijuana, why you don’t know what it is?' she said in the video, before shouting something undecipherable.  The video then cuts to another recording, and the young man is heard threatening Carter. 'If you smoke marijuana, why you don’t know what it is?' Carter said in the video, before the young man shouted back: 'Get the f*** off my train. Dirty b***h. I’ll smack you and that hat, and that blunt' The video ends by showing Carter on the ground on the train platform, appearing to have been knocked from her chair  'Get the f*** off my train. Dirty b***h. I’ll smack you and that hat, and that blunt,' he said. 'Everybody on this train, I’m decking that b***h…Word, gangsta.' The altercation continued, before the video against cut forward and this time showed Carter sprawled out on the train platform. At points during the video an MTA worker can be seen in the background. It is unclear from the video how she fell out of her wheelchair and how she got off the train.  Read more: Joint-smoking subway rider was once a millionaire | New York Post Share or comment on this article e-mail 272 shares Most watched News videos Danielle Bregoli throws punches while boarding Spirit Airways Cameraman 'zooms in' on woman's breasts in 'see-through' swimsuit Caught on camera: Bystanders watch topless men fighting in street Moment Lindsay Hoyle and Alex Salmond scream at each other Danielle Bregoli discusses fighting a 'crack head' with her mom 'I don't take no s***': Bus driver kicks drunk man off bus Watch Barack Obama wipe out in kite surfing battle McConnell blocks Warren from reading letter from MLK's wife Footage shows hostile environment that Alexander Blackman endured Melissa McCarthy nails screeching Sean Spicer on SNL Danielle went viral after appearing on Dr Phil in 2016 Moment woman pops open her shirt by flexing her boobs Socialite Tara Palmer-Tomkinson, 45, dies at her London... 'She hit my mom and I need to whoop her right now:'... Barack Obam-AIR! New photos show former president... San Francisco transit janitor who makes more than $250K a... Woman accused of Photoshopping an engaged stranger's face... 'My intestines were out... and she was grabbing hold of... Snow could hit London TONIGHT and it's set to be a white... Chilling moment four women are stranded on a rock in the... Tara's devastating secret illness in her own words: How... Thinking of her breaststroke? Distracted cameraman... The astonishing moment a Zebra's head is left poking out... Bridge of sighs: Disgusted mother, 19, spots a couple... Visiting daddy at work! Ivanka shares sweet snap of her... New male contraceptive jab that works for TWO YEARS:... Iraqi girl, 10, is 'bitten to death' with medieval... Manchester City star John Stones splashes out £3.4million... 92% of left-wing activists live with their parents and... Mother is sentenced to 16 years in prison for incest,... MOST READ NEWS Previous Next ● ● ● ● Comments (12) Share what you think Newest Oldest Best rated Worst rated  View all The comments below have not been moderated.  View all The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline. We are no longer accepting comments on this article. Who is this week's top commenter? Find out now More top stories Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     Femail Today EXCLUSIVE PICTURES: Robin Thicke has emotional reunion with son under watchful eye of social worker as ex Paula Patton reluctantly hands him over in park Botox in her neck, an apple before every meal and lasers to wipe out knee wrinkles: How Christie Brinkley looks like this at 63  Ageless beauty All that glitters! Kylie Jenner flashes her midriff and legs in fringed gold crop top and matching skirt for Jeremy Scott's NYFW show You can't strut with us! Kendall Jenner, Bella Hadid and Hailey Baldwin make for a formidable fashion pack as they parade their way into the Fendi party Nicole Scherzinger puts on a busty display in cut-out blouse for night out at LA hotspot Catch Quite a catch Can a mattress help you have better sex? From keeping you cool to the perfect bounce, how your bed could hold the key to your love life SPONSORED Daddy's little girl! Tom Hanks' granddaughter's name revealed as the adorable tot steps out wearing an outfit picked out by father Chet  13 months old Daddy's biggest fan! Behati Prinsloo takes baby Dusty Rose to support Adam Levine as he is honored with star on Hollywood Walk of Fame 'The love of my life': Cassadee Pope announces engagement to Rian Dawson with sweet snap as she shows off huge diamond ring Sitting pretty: Charlie XCX shines in pink polka dots at the Variety Portrait Studio event with Noah Cyrus and Kat Graham Non-stop party Vanderpump Rules' Stassi Schroeder shows off her skivvies in sheer frock at Nicole Miller's NYFW runway show She sat front row at the show on Friday A vision in velvet! Jessie James Decker shows off her svelte figure in burgundy dress with thigh high boots for her Kittenish pop up shop Meow! Paris Hilton braves snow in quirky cat ear cap after walking the runway for New York Fashion Week Didn't let the snow ruin her trip  Lovebirds! Peter Facinelli and girlfriend Lily Anne Harrison pack on the PDA as they take a stroll in Los Angeles  Seems like things are still quite steamy Sealed with a kiss! Ariel Winter shares a cheeky peek with her gal pal after getting frisky with fires Locking lips at a Hollywood hotspot Shanina Shaik flashes MAJOR side boob in slinky black frock before celebrating 26th birthday with an adorable cake of her much-younger self  Look away Rob! Blac Chyna spotted without her engagement ring as she enjoys lunch date with a mystery man She did her best to keep a low profile Second-gen stunner! Andy Garcia's daughter Alessandra Garcia Lorido is a rising talent in the plus-size modeling world She is turning heads She was an American Girl! Kate Upton stuns in slinky silk ensemble at MusiCares event honoring Tom Petty She can't help but command the spotlight 'We are extremely happy': George Clooney's mom, Nina, gushes over what a 'great' dad her son will make as he and wife Amal expect twins She even stuns in sweats! Selena Gomez opts for comfort in cozy top and bell bottoms as she steps out in LA She looked gorgeous as ever New York minute! Romee Strijd steps out in super short skirt showing off long legs during chilly fashion week Braving the cold weather Forget something? Allison Williams wows in sparkly black blazer with no BRA at Get Out premiere in Los Angeles Seems to have forgotten an item of clothing Hailey Baldwin rocks rose colored glasses and leather for RtA FW 2017 presentation at New York Fashion Week Making a name for herself EXCLUSIVE: 'I was scared to come back because of my beliefs': Lindsay Lohan on returning to the US while studying Islam and wanting to meet Trump Coffee and cigarettes: Fresh faced Frenchwoman Vanessa Paradis stops to smoke after enjoying lunch with friends Johnny Depp's ex 'The older that you get ... less is more!': Makeup enthusiast Kim Zolciak touts virtues of using fewer cosmetics She's regularly seen with a fully made up face 'We're famous, Daddy!' Nick Cannon reveals his struggle to keep five-year-old twins with Mariah Carey grounded The America's Got Talent host spoke out 'So excited to shoot with women of all sizes!' Ashley Graham flaunts her cleavage in sizzling salsa-themed ad for her swimsuit line She's proud of her figure 'I could die': Mama June Shannon vows there is a 'skinnier person inside' her as she undergoes surgery in new From Not to Hot trailer Kim Kardashian works out with her sisters in LA while husband Kanye West prepares for fashion week in NYC Sweat session with Kourtney and Khloe Kourtney Kardashian shows off her pins in black leggings as she chats on the phone while running errands Spotted out and about in Los Angeles Nice puppies! Lena Dunham dons bold striped frock as she makes Tonight Show appearance with two cute furry guests Canine companions 'Babes!' Gwen Stefani gushes about beau Blake Shelton and pal Adam Levine as the Maroon 5 singer gets a star on the Hollywood Walk Of Fame 'You want to introduce some fear!' Tim McGraw reveals he scares his and Faith Hill's daughters' dates with a sledgehammer  Scary dad Big city pretty! Snooki, JWOWW and Christina Milian get dolled up at NYFW celebrity beauty bar They were seen getting their glam on Busting out! Olivia Newton-John's daughter Chloe Lattanzi flaunts VERY ample cleavage in bizarre video announcement for new movie Mischa Barton steps out for a rainy day drive in her convertible...one day after 'drinking and smoking until 3am' at West Hollywood bar Out with a friend Can't rain on her parade! Kelly Rowland braves LA downpour to celebrate birthday in showstopping beaded ensemble 36th birthday 'How pretty is this is?': Eva Longoria shares romantic Valentine's Day balloon display she made for husband Jose Bastón Loved-up That's not Selena Gomez! The Weeknd hits pre-Grammy party in LA with former Miss USA Rima Fakih...who's the spitting image of his girlfriend Well, it's not ALWAYS the happiest place on Earth! Drew Barrymore recalls her daughter Olive's spectacular tantrums at Disney World Ivanka, Jared and their three children take their first flight on Air Force One to Mar-a-Lago as she carries purse and wears shoes from her own embattled label Bella Thorne wears lacy crop top to join mystery man on double-date bike ride with sister Dani Thorne and boyfriend in LA Found someone new? Diane Kruger looks beautiful in blue as she joins Adriana Lima with a leggy display on front row at Jason Wu's New York Fashion Week show 'She's our guardian angel now': Katie Holmes' puts on a brave face at Fashion Week as she reveals her grandmother passed away  Naughty but nice! LeAnn Rimes sizzles in a black dress with a plunging, laced up neckline for pre-Grammys event Racy outfit The Crown creator is 'thinking about recasting everybody' as the plot progresses... meaning Matt Smith and Claire Foy would no longer star in the hit drama Looking tan-dy! Olivia Culpo and Madison Beer don color-coordinating outfits for Cushnie Et Ochs NYFW show Very similar color palettes Babymoon time! Whitney Port and husband jet out on vacation after the Hills star announced pregnancy    Expecting their first child Courtney Stodden makes out with a mystery man before revealing she has split from husband Doug Hutchison, 56 Blonde reality star is 22 Duggars welcomes 'son' Tyler to the family while celebrating his birthday three months after Jim Bob and Michelle were declared his legal guardians Lena Dunham bares midriff in crop top tracksuit after discussing her Trump diet again and how she 'drops weight with every move he makes' Amber Rose and Val Chmerkovskiy 'split' almost five months after falling in love on Dancing With The Stars  Reportedly 'just too different' New York's her runway! Kendall Jenner parades much shorter haircut as she struts around town during fashion week New hair 'It's truly a miracle': Family rejoice as Jamie Lynn Spears' daughter Maddie, 8, LEAVES hospital six days after girl almost died after flipping ATV into a pond Brielle Biermann enjoys a sweet early Valentine's Day celebration with boyfriend Michael Kopech and wins 'best girlfriend' award Bumping along nicely! Ciara protectively strokes her belly on casual outing in Beverly Hills Her dress emphasized her baby bump The Boy from Oz! Actor Hugh Jackman reveals that he STILL gets excited by snow despite years in the US as he braves New York snowstorm Rita Ora only has 'positive energy' for ex Rob Kardashian after he welcomes a baby with Blac Chyna... despite infamous Twitter spat following their ugly split Kate Upton looks prim and proper in pearls and blouse at LAX following claims of 'diva' behavior over Sports Illustrated shoot Classy look Drew Barrymore's ex Will Kopelman takes daughters for stroll with female companion... after actress admits their divorce was her 'worst nightmare' Katy Perry on why she's 'given up' caring what people think about her quirky style Used to spend hours reading comments about her appearance  How the West Wing was won: Kellyanne Conway dresses in head-to-toe leather day after travel ban ruling (and drops $6k on her boots and purse alone) Getting ready to roll! Irina Shayk shows bump in sweatshirt as she prepares for her little one's arrival with another driving lesson Bradley Cooper girlfriend Chelsea Clinton and husband Marc take son on an afternoon trip to gourmet food emporium after a morning at a fashion show DENYING she'd run for senate Trailer for 'racist' Netflix series Dear White People 'gets a million dislikes in just ONE day' - and sparks customer revolt  Backlash over show Trans teen Jazz Jennings is set to get her own DOLL as toy company announces the debut of 'genderless' toy made in the 16 year old's likeness Oh, what beautiful morning! Leighton Meester, Camilla Belle and Victoria Justice flock to Russian Tea Room for Kate Spade NYFW show 'He's gone. He's blue': Fadi Fawaz's frantic 999 call reveals that lover had 'been trying to wake George Michael for an hour' before calling  Call has been leaked Emotional fans praise Michael Bublé's new video about 'everlasting love'... as he makes his musical comeback amid his son Noah's cancer battle Next generation! Sofia Richie shows off her modeling chops as she gets VERY close to Anwar Hadid in Tommy Hilfiger's sultry new denim campaign Should Jamie Oliver be holding his baby so close to the cooker? Parenting expert's warning over photo of chef with his baby son River Rocket Effortlessly chic! Model Jessica Hart flashes a hint of cleavage as she goes BRALESS in plunging black outfit at New York Fashion Week The 30-year-old Aussie  'Your job is to get naked and say lines!' Debra Messing reveals  top director pressured her to do nude scene - after insisting she needed a nose job It's all in the wrist! Celebrity hairstylist Justine Marjan details the secrets to how she achieves perfectly lived-in waves on clients like Khloe Kardashian Family trip! Charlize Theron heads through LAX with her mother and her children Jackson and August South African actress adopted both kids Youthful looking Nicole Kidman, 49, flashes a hint of skin in a quirky polka dot dress with a thigh-high split as she attends Lion premiere in Paris Postcard from paradise: Kim Kardashian shares personal photo album of her wet and wild waterfall adventure in Costa Rica  While Kate Spade unveils a Parisian-inspired 2017 collection with the help of Victoria Justice, Tanya Taylor serves up pieces for the modern gal Oh so chic! Olivia Culpo and Nicky Hilton turn heads in black at white at LANYU Couture runway show Taking in New York Fashion Week Alec Baldwin roasts Ivanka Trump during Tonight Show saying he bought his suit from her collection for '95 per cent off' amid Nordstrom fiasco Putting their money where their mouth is: Celebs go on shopping sprees at Nordstrom after Trump bashed retailer for dropping Ivanka's clothing line Keanu Reeves looks dapper in a navy suit as he attends the gala screening of his latest flick John Wick in London Plays a brutal assassin  Richard Gere, 67, and girlfriend Alejandra Silva, 33, pucker up on the red carpet as they put on a besotted display at the Berlin Film Festival 'I thought about it and I was wrong!' D&G designer Stefano Gabbana backtracks after body-shaming Lady Gaga following her Super Bowl show Color in Kate! Kensington Palace joins the crayon craze with a book of the Duchess of Cambridge's outfits that is flying off the shelves  Features 31 outfits Kate and Wills planning a third baby? Harry and Meghan's engagement? Charles facing new embarrassment over Diana? What's going on behind the new hedge  How Fergie's now calling herself Margaret York and trying to run a business empire from a hotel bar  Sarah Ferguson is going by her middle name Prince Harry's ex Cressida Bonas cuts a demure figure in white dress as she cozies up to Olga Kurylenko at Harvey Weinstein's pre-BAFTA bash Hang on Sloopy rocker is charged with taking a loaded gun in his carry-on bag on a Delta flight to Atlanta Rick Derringer was flying from Cancun, Mexico Fancy seeing you here! Lily-Rose Depp bumps into her pal Tallulah Willis at popular LA lunch spot Two friends and daughters of A-listers  Movie theater says it won't let men in to watch Fifty Shades Darker 'until we see if women can control themselves'  Arousing passions Baby's first Chanel: Rob Kardashian posts sweet snap of baby Dream wearing designer outfit as she turns three months old Adorable photo  Trainspotting 2's Anjela Nedyalkova looks leggy in a nude semi-sheer minidress in Berlin... after getting naked with Ewan McGregor in steamy scenes Love you, baby! Maksim Chmerkovskiy kisses Peta Murgatroyd at fashion show as they take a night off parent duty one month after birth of son  Blondes have more fun! Allison Williams shows off platinum hair at LA screening of Get Out with director Jordan Peele and co-stars The Girls star, 28. Millie Bobby Brown joins the A-list front row fashion set at Calvin Klein after being named the new face of the brand at just 12 The Stranger Things star Ivanka's new life in DC: Visits to her kids' new schools, Flywheel classes, meetings with Mark Zuckerberg's wife and weekly date nights with husband Jared 'We connected really quickly:' Gigi Hadid reveals she tried struggled to play it cool after falling hard for Zayn when they first met Chatting on Ellen show   Revenge is best served HOT! Khloe Kardashian proudly models her ripped body in mirror selfie after officially dropping Odom from her name EXCLUSIVE: Anna Nicole's bodyguard 'Big Moe' tells how he frantically tried to revive her and admits he and star's inner circle were 'enablers'  Golden girls! Gwyneth Paltrow and Sarah Jessica Parker rock autumnal colors for Calvin Klein's Fall Winter show at New York Fashion Week Not wanted! NeNe Leakes jets out of New York amid claims RHOA co-stars are angry she's returning with Kim Zolciak Tensions are rising 'She threw me off!': Maria Shriver gets flustered after Lena Dunham says the word penis during live interview on Today show Things didn't go to plan 'It's been a double whammy': Whoopi Goldberg says she didn't realize how much she depended on her mother and brother as she discusses their deaths  Fifty Shades of Demure! Dakota Johnson cuts a casual figure in chic fur-trimmed coat as she jets out of London for her next movie premiere EXCLUSIVE Drake spends a whopping $750 on chicken takeouts in a late night visit to Leeds branch of Nando's fast food restaurant in England 'There was a baby boom!' Jamie Dornan admits erotic Fifty Shades sex scenes with Dakota Johnson led to pregnancy surge The hunky Irish actor Take a bow! Solange Knowles shows off a hint of cleavage in quirky plunging blazer at the Black Women in Music event in Hollywood  Beyonce's sister, 30 How Kate took ten years off her face: The Duchess has ditched her heavy eyeliner, and matte foundation since turning 35 (and looks a decade younger) So wild! Sofia Vergara wears zebra print blouse as she films Modern Family with Ed O'Neill Showing off some cleavage while playing Gloria  Shia LaBeouf's anti-Trump museum exhibit is shut down after becoming a 'flashpoint for violence' The actor's He Will Not Divide Us exhibit  Managers threatening to sue Blac Chyna for $3m target producers of her reality show with Rob Kardashian They've sent cease and desist letters Rosie O'Donnell transforms into Trump's adviser Steve Bannon on her Twitter profile after volunteering for SNL role Stunning likeness Naomie Harris is the picture of elegance in checked pants and chic white coat as she makes glamorous arrival at Calvin Klein NYFW show Suddenly shy? Rita Ora wraps up in an oversized shearling coat after flashing sexy underboob at Fifty Shades Darker premiere in London Can YOU identify these stars from their lips? Scientists say plump pouts like Kardashians' aren't the most desirable while Taylor Swift has perfect pair Getting a gift for the grandkids? Amal Clooney's mom Baria is pictured going into a children's bookstore as it's revealed A-listers are expecting twins PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Tyga's ex Demi Rose sizzles in racy red lace lingerie for sexy Valentine's Day shoot as she reveals plans to move to America Tara Palmer-Tomkinson's family reveal she 'died peacefully in her sleep' as heartbroken sister visits tragic socialite's London apartment  Making an entrance! Fans go wild as The Bold and The Beautiful stars led by Jacqueline MacInnes Wood and Don Diamont make trip Down Under  Chelsea Handler mocks Trump and Ivanka by posing outside the White House clutching Nordstrom bags The talk show queen Charli Sexy-X! Popstar puts on very busty display in plunging bralet and tiny shorts as she performs new single on Jimmy Kimmel Live Flashed plenty of skin  When she's feeling blue: Selma Blair flaunts her legs in a patterned mini dress and matching pajama-style ensemble as she mixed up her look throughout the day Awkward! Suits stars Rick Hoffman and Sarah Rafferty look uncomfortable as they dodge TV show question about Meghan Markle and Prince Harry  NY Giants star Odell Beckham Jr is robbed of shoes, cash and jewelry after 'leaving a bag at a friend's house in Houston' during the Super Bowl 'Well today was a bit warm!' Pia Muehlenbeck flaunts her bikini body at the beach in scorching hot Sydney  The 25-year-old lawyer turned Instagram model  LEAFing little to the imagination! Charlotte McKinney flaunts her eye-popping cleavage in a sheer top as she accessorizes with a quirky clutch 'Sadder than any break-up': Lena Dunham talks about final season of her hit show Girls in candid chat on Inside The Actors Studio An emotional time Save the breast for last! Courtney Stodden sizzles in plunging bodysuit as she showcases major sideboob at pre-Grammys bash in LA Sheer daring! Kendall Jenner bares pert derriere in see-through gown as she hits catwalk for La Perla NYFW show Turning heads 'Amal's twins and Beyonce's twins will sit on the thrones of Narnia': Twitter reacts to George Clooney baby news Very exciting news Peekaboo! Emily Ratajkowski flashes side boob while Hailey Baldwin shows off her pert derriere at New York Fashion Week The stunning models  Richard Gere and his co-star Laura Linney cozy up to each other on the red carpet for The Dinner at the 67th Berlinale International Film Festival Good genes! Kelsey and Camille Grammer's daughter Mason, 15, struts her stuff on catwalk for NYFW It looks like talent runs in the family She's gone all Sporty Spice: Victoria Beckham wears head to toe Adidas in support to brand ambassador husband David following email hacking scandal Delighted Matt Damon reveals he was close to tears after George Clooney told him Amal's twin pregnancy secret when she was just 8 weeks along 'I'm in love!': Kourtney Kardashian bonds with niece Dream... and Penelope gets a squeeze in too Enamored with her brother Rob's daughter Aidan Turner puffs away on a cigarette before he resumes filming with Eleanor Tomlinson for Poldark season three The hit PBS show Fresh fears for Mischa Barton as she is seen drinking, smoking and partying until 3am just weeks after shocking 'meltdown'  Pictured drinking Little Mix singer Jade Thirlwall shows off enviably slender figure in racy tour costume... hours after bandmate Jesy Nelson flaunted her abs in saucy underwear  Katie Holmes shimmies up a storm in her fringed Marchesa frock at red-themed NYFW event Whipped her fringed frock into a frenzy Sister summit! TV siblings Jessica Biel, Beverley Mitchell, and Mackenzie Rosman meet up for 7th Heaven reunion It's been ten years  Brit bombshells! Suki Waterhouse goes braless in perilously plunging jumpsuit while Lottie Moss parades her toned legs in sexy mini dress for fashion event 'I have a right to make that judgment': The Bachelor's Nick Viall defends decision to keep free-spirit Corinne on the show Fiery words Bite me! Ariana Grande's brother Frankie chomps on chain as he storms down the runway in head-to-toe glitter during New York Fashion Week  Red hot! Iskra Lawrence displays her sensational curves in figure-hugging scarlet frock as she arrives at star-studded charity catwalk during NYFW Larry Birkhead says daughter Dannielynn is 'fearless' just like her mother Anna Nicole Smith as he opens up about the model on 10th anniversary of her death Kourtney Kardashian meets up with ex Scott Disick after reality star parties poolside with ladies in Miami Spotted at an office in West Hollywood 'I was very much the same': Khloe Kardashian empathizes with 'ride or die' Tiffany Morgan on Revenge Body Reality star's new show     DON'T MISS Legs eleven! Stella Maxwell showcases slim pins in strapless blue mini as she hits runway for La Perla NYFW show Accentuated her features Kate Moss flashes her racy leather bra as she unbuttons her shirt during dinner in London... before heading home in the early hours bleary-eyed Lady in leather! Smiling Queen Maxima of the Netherlands steps out in an edgy plum pencil skirt on a visit to a design school in east Germany  Gal pals! Jenna Dewan Tatum smiles broadly as she spends quality time with daughter Everly The 36-year-old Step Up actress wore a star print mini dress  Brooklyn Beckham heads out for a night out on the town amid father David's email hacking scandal The 17-year-old student and photographer  'There is certainly a lot more pressure on the girls to be thinner now': Cindy Crawford confesses to loving carbs and needing chocolate 'everyday'  'She's a mom with an insanely busy career': Jennifer Lopez and Drake's hot and heavy romance 'fizzled out' due to hectic schedules Amazingly ab-tatsic! Halle Berry's ex Gabriel Aubry puts on a muscle-bound show as he goes for a run  He got pulses racing with some cardio Good genes! Ashlee Simpson and husband Evan Ross coordinate in denim while running errands with daughter Jagger in LA Paris Jackson bonds with mother Debbie Rowe as she recuperates after finishing chemotherapy Posted a picture of the pair together Runway reveal! Paris Hilton flashes underboob on the Christian Cowan catwalk at NYFW Showcased her perky God-given assets Happy name change day! Khloe Kardashian celebrates no longer being an Odom with a drivers licence cake Dropped her ex husband Lamar Odom's moniker In the navy! Naomi Campbell looks fantastic in a blue nightie-inspired number on catwalk of La Perla NYFW event Beyonce has best seat at this Sunday's Grammy Awards... as Kanye and Bieber skip the 'irrelevant' ceremony Pregnant pop diva 'We're taking it slow': JoJo Fletcher dishes on life off-screen with Jordan Rodgers and shares Galentine's Day party tips with Access Hollywood Live Famously Single...again! Malika Haqq and Ronnie Magro have split after briefly hooking up on the reality show Met on Famously Single Ready FUR the runway! Keri Russell dons distinctive wintry hat and knit jacket for Rag and Bone NYFW party with partner Matthew Rhys So in love! John Legend holds Chrissy Teigen's hand as they take their little daughter Luna out for lunch The couple looked every inch the proud parents That must have been one long massage! Cameron Diaz leaves parlor with marks on her face from head rest after pampering session Mellow Thursday 'Finishing touches to my heart:' Christina Aguilera gives update on her new album with a breathtaking photo Shared a picture of herself sat at her piano Not so Shameless! Emmy Rossum cuts an elegant figure in a patterned silver midi at About Elly screening in New York Hit the red carpet 'I peed on a stick and I'm going to be a mom!' Hills' star Whitney Port reveals she is pregnant with her first child The star announced her big baby news Could it be a trio of pregnancies for The Hills? Speidi fuel rumors they are expecting as they congratulate Whitney Port and Lauren Conrad When Hermione fell for Voldemort... Hilarious Beauty and The Beast spoof trailer sees Emma Watson's Belle fall in love with Harry Potter's evil nemesis School's out for winter! Naomi Watts and her lookalike son Alexander, 9, spend a day in the snow as Winter Storm Niko closes schools down To dye for! Ashley Tisdale debuts new dark 'do and shows off her legs in thigh high boots during outing with niece Making her mark with good hair EXCLUSIVE: Chelsea Clinton's husband enjoys an afternoon at a bar with a friend after it's revealed his hedge fund closed last year  Marc Mezvinsky What a stylish squad! Olivia Culpo, Alexa Chung and Leigh Lezark coordinate in neutral tones for Noon By Noor's Fall 2017 fashion show Fashionable beauties A twist on the classic LBD! Courteney Cox shows off her sculpted legs in belted dress for a trip to the salon  Wore a button-up black dress with ballet flats 'Are you being watched?': Emma Watson and Tom Hanks deal with the dark side of technology in new trailer for The Circle It runs in the family! Miley's little sister Noah Cyrus rocks stylish black maxi dress at Billboard Power 100 celebration in LA A night to remember Model look! The Bold and the Beautiful's Jacqueline MacInnes Wood channels Gigi Hadid in midriff-baring sweater and drop crotch pants Scandalous! Kerry Washington slips into a sexy leather zip-up dress for Jimmy Kimmel Live Welcomed her second child four months ago Kim Kardashian shares adorable throwback snap of her soccer team... which was coached by her late father Robert Points out herself Mariah Carey 'struggling to sell tickets for upcoming tour' following her disastrous New Year's gig Upcoming tour might be shaping up to be a flop 'He's tense, he's angry, he's p*ssed off': Alec Baldwin tells wife Hilaria that playing President Donald Trump is 'not fun' Making SNL a hit again Throwback Thursday! Zayn Malik channels James Dean with edgy shearling jacket and classic quiff at Billboard Power 100 celebration 'She did a great f***ing job': Selena Quintanilla's widower Chris Perez gushes over Jennifer Lopez's portrayal as he watches Selena film for first time Michael Jackson's cousin Trent claims restraining order filed by aunt Katherine is a result of family money grab Hitting back Joan Smalls stuns in lacy black romper as she rocks runway at La Perla NYFW show She looked absolutely stunning as she strutted down the catwalk 'Stay humble': Sailor Brinkley Cook posts flashback to her childhood after revealing she struggled with body image growing up  She had 'baby fat' Her boogie shoes! Elle King is ready to jive in sparkling platform heels at star studded Grammy celebration in LA The remarkably talented 27-year-old songstress Olivia Palermo takes on New York's snow in a fur coat for fashion duty at Banana Republic The reality star was seen on the streets of New York in a black fur coat Shining star: Jennifer Lopez lights up the stage while paying tribute to her kids during Las Vegas residency concert Instagram video Beaming beauty! Amy Adams shows off toned legs in skintight jeans with a floral top and taupe blazer during shopping trip in LA Bare-faced  DJ Khaled faces lawsuit for allegedly stealing beats for 2016 hit single I Got The Keys featuring Jay Z and Future Rapper has been sued New mom Janet Jackson covers up her post-baby figure with a lavish fur cloak as she steps out in London carrying a $60,000 Hermes bag She's all paid up! Teresa Giudice has completely restored the $414,588 tax debt that was part of her sentence Fraud charges Let's get spiritual! Kourtney Kardashian reunites with former fling Justin Bieber at church after Scott's romps with models She's 37, he's 22 Love Game! Lady Gaga is dating CAA talent agent Christian Carino Mystery man's identity revealed days after they were spotted cozying up Looking a bit of all white! Supermodel Cindy Crawford, 50, shows off her age-defying beauty and svelte frame in a sexy cut-out frock at Sydney event It's official! George Clooney, 55, and wife Amal, 39, are expecting TWINS in June  The human rights lawyer has been showing off a baby bump Rosie Huntington-Whiteley, 29, finally confirms she's PREGNANT with fiance Jason Statham, 49, as she shares burgeoning bikini bump snap  'Go find another cause to exploit': Joshua Sasse SLAMMED for his opportunistic 'support' of gay marriage during engagement to Kylie Minogue Madonna arrives home with her newly adopted twins from Malawi who are welcomed to NYC with their first blizzard  The pop star, 58, adopted  four-year-olds  Nina Dobrev puts on a thigh-skimming display in a green patterned minidress as she attends xXx: Return of Xander Cage press event in Beijing   Are you feeling all-white, Rita? Ora trades her VERY busty premiere dress for conservative polo neck as she changes for Fifty Shades afterparty Formula 1 heiress Tamara Ecclestone launches impassioned rant about 'sexualizing breastfeeding' as she continues to nurse Sophia at almost 3  Suddenly shy! Lady Gaga covers her face while leaving the Kardashian's favorite skin care and cosmetic surgery salon Under the radar Lady Gaga sensually drapes herself over car as she rocks thigh-high PVC boots and hot pants in new John Wayne music video Released full version  The Late Late Show's James Corden rolls out Grammys red carpet days ahead of hosting annual music awards Said he was 'honored to be hosting' the show 'I want to be the love interest, I want to put on heels!' OITNB's Danielle Brooks calls for the TV industry to change its stereotypical portrayal of women Debonair Colin Firth shows off his specs appeal as he cuddles up to wife Livia at BAFTA 2017 gala dinner They are still the picture of happiness Pregnant Amanda Seyfried takes her dog out for a walk and pampers herself at the hair salon She was dressed down in a pair of fitted sweats Hillary Clinton was 'replaced on Vogue cover by Gigi Hadid and Kendall Jenner after election loss' as fashion bible reveals it plans to cover First Lady Under Armour under fire: Celebrity endorsers Dwayne 'The Rock' Johnson and Misty Copeland back Steph Curry in disavowing CEO's pro-Trump stance Like mother, like daughter: Actress Ruby Rose bears a striking resemblance to mother in tender Instagram snap Close bond 'I'm flattered': Todd Chrisley welcomes gay rumors while joking he will 'never have a drought' The reality star has been married for 20 years   As Erin Fetherston brings romanticism and ethereality to New York Fashion Week, Tadashi Shoji urges you to leave your inhibitions behind NYFW has begun 'Blame it on the other person!' Mariah Carey dishes break-up advice following split from James Packer The diva spoke about how to get over them Rachel McCord sizzles in teeny tiny bikini for beach photo shoot inspired by those racy Carl's Jr. commercials The 26-year-old actress was seen in Venice, CA 'From its dominant top to its submissive bottom, it's utterly ridiculous': Audience LAUGHS at 'Fifty Shades Darker' screening with critics panning the flick 50 shades duller! (And as erotic as a bluebottle landing on your bottom): BRIAN VINER gives his verdict on the sequel At times downright limp, writes Brian Viner Bristol Palin's husband Dakota Meyer shares photo of himself sporting a 'Hillary For Prison' cap, after she posts a sweet snap of their baby Sailor Grace Reese Witherspoon shares photo of herself posing with lookalike 17-year-old daughter Ava - and leaves the internet baffled about who is who He's Prince Popular! Charles is mobbed by celebrity admirers as he hosts a gala reception for his trust in London Prince Charles was the life and soul of the party 'They don't like hearing that back home': Ruby Rose hints at tall poppy syndrome in Australia saying she'll 'get in trouble' for calling herself 'famous' Kylie Minogue shows Joshua Sasse what he's missing as she reclines on a bed in a tiny satin nightie in her first photoshoot since split from ex-fiancé Jubilant Rocco Ritchie steps out with girlfriend Kim Turnbull... as he celebrates becoming a big brother again after mum Madonna's adoption The look of love! Anwar Hadid plants a kiss on new girlfriend Nicola Peltz...as he supports sisters Gigi and Bella at Tommy Hilfiger show New couple 'Never say never': Actress Miranda Otto teases Kiefer Sutherland's return as Jack Bauer in new 24 spinoff series Fans could be in for treat 'It's a bizarre situation': Blac Chyna and Rob Kardashian still living separately despite engagement and have not discussed wedding details Sports Illustrated's Hailey Clauson teases a glimpse of her ample bust as she models VERY raunchy swimsuit Used just her hands to protect her modest SEBASTIAN SHAKESPEARE: Sting's son's support act for sleepy dad: Bassist grabs some shut eye by using his shoulder as a head rest  'I was completely freaking out': Kelly Clarkson reveals she had a CANCER scare on the day of her first Grammy Awards win Opening up for first time  Selena Gomez continues her chic fashion streak in long white coat and black boots in snowy New York Has new Netflix show 'It feels like a racial issue': Jason Derulo slams American Airlines after being 'disrespected' by captain and met with 15 cops after disembarking 'I've always been a believer honest, frank conversations': Brooke Shields lands her own radio show on SiriusXM Something different for the 51-year-old actress  Viva Forever! Busy Philipps shares throwback snap of herself embracing Spice Girl glamour in 1998 The 37-year-old chanelling girl group Christie Brinkley's ex, 58, pictured cuddling up to a 21-year-old college student who he pursued through Instagram and she's just three years older than his daughter Today's headlines Most Read 'I love all my moms': Hundreds of polygamists led by the family from 'Sister Wives' descend on steps of Utah... Black high school basketball players are harassed by 60 students dressed up for 'Hick Night' chanting 'Build... World's eighth biggest spammer, who is responsible for sending more than a million spam emails, faces... 'He's gone. He's blue': Leaked recording of Fadi Fawaz's frantic 999 call reveals that George Michael's... The Supper Bowl! The Trumps, the Japanese prime minister and his wife are joined by New England Patriots... Hundreds of illegal immigrants arrested across six states this week in what officials say are 'routine'... Trump says a 'brand new' immigration order could come as soon as MONDAY – as the White House looks to avoid... From Russia with love: Putin 'considering returning Edward Snowden' to the US as a 'gift' to Trump Michael Flynn's top aide is fired from National Security Council as tensions escalate over his discussions... Protesters block newly-installed education secretary Betsy DeVos from entering the first school she tries to... That's cheeky! Calvin Klein plays This is Not America and Mexican immigrant designer sends 'f*** your wall'... Trump laughed and nodded along during the Japanese PM's speech during Friday's press conference because 'he... Trump pulls in Japanese prime minister for a handhold as Shinzo Abe arrives at White House for bilateral... Getting away from it all! Ivanka carries a purse and wears shoes from her own under fire label as she, Jared... Gym owner goes after Ivanka Trump on Facebook after finding out the first daughter used an alias to sign up... Trump stuns lawmakers by claiming he and former Senator Ayotte would have both won New Hampshire if not for... Baby's day out! Chelsea Clinton and husband Marc take son Aidan on an afternoon trip to gourmet food... Parts of Trump 'dirty dossier' HAVE been verified by investigators - but NOT the most salacious details... How the West Wing was won: Kellyanne Conway dresses in head-to-toe leather day after travel ban ruling (and... Botox in her neck, an apple before every meal and lasers to wipe out knee wrinkles: How Christie Brinkley... Jared Kushner's younger brother Joshua 'has a preliminary agreement to buy the Miami Marlins baseball team... Shia LaBeouf's anti-Trump museum exhibit is shut down after becoming a 'flashpoint for violence' Ole Miss student, 21, HEADBUTTS a cop, breaking his nose, as he is taken into a cell for 'robbing a store... Little Caesars creator and Detroit Red Wings and Tigers owner dies aged 87 after amassing a fortune worth... Babysitter, 28, who took two kids to rob a Colorado bank because she needed money to pay fines for another... 'He put a chain around my neck': Woman held captive for two months in a metal shipping crate breaks her... The 'selfie paradox': Study finds people hate looking at them on other people's feeds - but still post their... Upping your intake of fruit and vegetables can improve your mood within just TWO weeks, study finds Bounty hunters chasing immigrants on horses, a 110-mile razor fence and bans on new mosques: ANDREW MALONE... MORE HEADLINES Furious wife frogmarches a love rival NAKED through the streets after catching her in bed with her husband  Screaming in pain in front of a cheering crowd before collapsing in agony, a woman is lashed with a cane in rare footage of Indonesia's brutal Sharia law punishment Trump says a 'brand new' immigration order could come as soon as MONDAY – as the White House looks to avoid a Supreme Court fight and craft a new plan The Supper Bowl! The Trumps, the Japanese prime minister and his wife are joined by New England Patriots owner for dinner at Mar-a-Lago after the First Family fly to Florida on Air Force One ISIS guard reveals he quit the group after witnessing a 15-year-old sex slave raped so horrifically that she bled to death Gym owner goes after Ivanka Trump on Facebook after finding out the first daughter used an alias to sign up for a class Protesters block newly-installed education secretary Betsy DeVos from entering the first school she tries to visit, forcing her to sneak in via a side entrance  EXCLUSIVE: 'I am haunted by the moment I saw her slipping away.' Anna Nicole Smith's bodyguard 'Big Moe' tells how he frantically tried to revive her and admits he and star's inner circle were 'enablers'  'He put a chain around my neck': Woman held captive for two months in a metal shipping crate breaks her silence about being raped and tortured by a suspected serial killer White Louisiana judge is banned from a local restaurant after he 'called a black customer the N-word' College freshman, 18, is found dead in her dorm room after a night of binge-drinking vodka and 'pre-gaming' with champagne 'It's truly a miracle': Britney Spears and family rejoice as Jamie Lynn's daughter Maddie, 8, LEAVES hospital six days after girl almost died after flipping ATV into a pond Cash Me Ousside girl's father speaks: Florida Sheriff's deputy who had stormy relationship with teen's mother says he is 'appalled' by the videos as she reappears on Dr Phil Why you should never annoy an elephant! Tourist who tried to wash beast’s trunk is sent flying through the air in display of incredible power (and rage) Snakes alive! Terrifying moment a wild Cobra HEADBUTTS a window to get at kittens cowering inside No point in shoveling out! ANOTHER storm is set to hit the Northeast just three days after storm dropped up to two feet of snow on the region  EXCLUSIVE: Child sex abuse victim who sued Netflix for 're-traumatizing' her by releasing a documentary on human trafficking using her real name and personal photos has dropped the suit in what her lawyer calls a 'strategic decision' From Russia with love: Putin 'considering returning Edward Snowden' to the US as a 'gift' to Trump Every day's a school day for these kids! Family of five move into a disused SCHOOL BUS which they bought for $3,000 and converted into their home  'Ever since her death, she sends me butterflies': Anna Nicole Smith's daughter Dannielynn reveals how the mother she never knew stays close to her heart on 10th anniversary of her death Kate and Wills planning a third baby? Harry and Meghan's engagement? Charles facing new embarrassment over Diana? What's really going on behind the royals' new £20,000 hedge  Two Afghans are arrested after 'trapping two girls in a swimming pool water-chute so they could sexually abuse them' in latest alleged migrant sex attack Ole Miss student, 21, HEADBUTTS a cop, breaking his nose, as he is taken into a cell for 'robbing a store clerk while high on new drug gravel'  Tara Palmer-Tomkinson's family reveal she 'died peacefully in her sleep' as heartbroken sister visits tragic socialite's £1.6million apartment  Woman, 80, was stopped by the TSA because her cane concealed a SWORD - and she had no idea How the West Wing was won: Kellyanne Conway dresses in head-to-toe leather day after travel ban ruling (and drops $6k on her boots and purse alone) 'He's gone. He's blue': Leaked recording of Fadi Fawaz's frantic 999 call reveals that George Michael's lover had 'been trying to wake the singer for an HOUR' before finally calling an ambulance  Alec Baldwin roasts Ivanka Trump during Tonight Show saying he bought his suit from her collection for '95 percent off' amid Nordstrom fiasco MOST READ IN DETAIL From the Makers of Candy Crush Farm Heroes Saga, the #4 Game on iTunes. Play it now! more SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
Thanks for contacting us. We've received your submission. Back to Reading News Metro Page Six Sports Business Opinion Entertainment Fashion Living Media Tech Real Estate Sub Menu 1 Photos Video Covers Columnists Horoscopes Sub Menu 2 Email Newsletters Classifieds Subscribe Sign in In The News: hillary clinton iran lamar odom 2016 presidential election new york mets Sections Search Tips Sign in New York Post Share this: Facebook Twitter Google LinkedIn WhatsApp Email Copy Metro Share this: Facebook Twitter Google LinkedIn WhatsApp Email Copy Joint-smoking subway rider was once a millionaire By Kathianne Boniello View author archive email the author Get author RSS feed Name(required) Email(required) Comment(required) February 4, 2017 | 4:59pm | Updated February 4, 2017 | 9:31pm The viral video showed a legless woman sitting on the floor of a subway platform, wheelchair beside her, belongings scattered. She had just smoked a joint on the M train, yelling incoherently at an angry straphanger who cursed her out and threatened to toss her off the train. SEE ALSO Wheelchair-bound woman smokes 'blunt' on subway, ruckus ensues 0:0 Only in New York! A cell phone video that went... The cell-phone video seemed to document a sad chapter in the chaotic life of one of New York City’s thousands of mentally-ill homeless people. What it failed to capture was this fact: 60-year-old Michelle Carter was once a millionaire. In 2005, Carter fell into the path of an oncoming subway train, resulting in both of her legs being amputated below the knee. Destitute, Carter sued the city Transit Authority in 2006, claiming she had been pushed onto the tracks in the Roosevelt Island station. The TA argued the mentally ill Carter was attempting suicide when she was struck by the F train, according to court records. She apparently spent much of the next eight years on the streets, until November 2014, when the Transit Authority agreed to pay Carter a $4 million settlement. She was finally on Easy Street. But two short years later, Carter is again penniless and back in court. Some of the money “dried up,” some probably squandered and some given away, her lawyers believe. But a good chunk of it disappeared in a cruel twist of fate. While sitting in Penn Station in 2015, a thief snatched her bag and fled. Inside the bag was a recently issued cashier’s check for $886,339.96, an installment payment from Carter’s legal settlement. Carter reported the theft to cops, but claims the thief still managed to cash the check at a JP Morgan Chase branch under the corporate name “Dahgleel A. Inc,” according to a lawsuit Carter recently filed against the bank. “She was victimized several times,” said Carter’s current attorney, Robert Unger, who did not represent her in her previous suit against the Transit Authority. Chase failed to confirm the identity of the person who brought the stolen check to the bank, and never should have cashed it, the new lawsuit claims. The bank declined comment. Filed under homelessness ,  lawsuits ,  mental illness ,  mta ,  settlements ,  subways Share this article: Share this: Facebook Twitter Google LinkedIn WhatsApp Email Copy Read Next Feds want to foreclose on Bonanno mobster's house Read Next Feds want to foreclose on Bonanno mobster's house Share Selection Trending Now on NYPost.com 13,569 Obit proves family couldn't be happier their 'evil' relative is dead 11,720 Jordanian pilot had no idea ISIS was about to burn him alive 11,048 Josh Elliott's CBS 'farewell' stuns his bosses 5,954 Knicks fans in full revolt over Dolan banning Charles Oakley Columnists Steve Cuozzo Chinatown slowly losing its charm — and its restaurants Andrea Peyser This school failed its teacher — and his kids SEE ALL COLUMNISTS Now On Teyana Taylor: My daughter isn’t spoiled Kristen Taekman stressing her ‘shoe game’ at New York Fashion Week Tamron Hall set to walk the red carpet at Viennese Opera Ball SEE ALL Video 1:02 These shoes weren't made for walking More Stories pagesix Josh Elliott's CBS 'farewell' stuns his bosses Now On Decider People Are Cancelling Their Subscriptions To Boycott Netflix’s ‘Dear White People’ nypost Obit proves family couldn't be happier their 'evil' relative is dead New York Post Facebook Twitter Instagram LinkedIn Email Email Newsletters Mobile Apps Contact Us Tips Facebook Twitter Instagram LinkedIn Email Sections & Features News Real Estate Page Six Tech Sports Media Metro Photos Entertainment Video Business Alexa Opinion Covers Fashion Horoscopes Living Classifieds Newsletters & Feeds Email Newsletters RSS Feeds NYPost Store Home Delivery Subscribe Manage Subscription Preferences Help/Support Customer Service App FAQ & Help Contact Us Tips Newsroom Letters to the Editor Reprints Careers Apps iPhone App iPad App Android Phone Android Tablet Advertise Media Kit Contact Post Digital Network © 2017 NYP Holdings, Inc. All Rights Reserved | Terms of Use | Privacy | Your Ad Choices News Corp. is a network of leading companies in the world of diversified media, news, and information services. News Corp HarperCollins Marketwatch realtor.com Dow Jones The Sun Storyful Wall Street Journal The Times Mansion Global New York Post The Australian Checkout51 News America Marketing News.com.au Unruly NY Post Never Miss a Story Get The Post delivered directly to your inbox NY Post Morning Report Page Six Daily Breaking News Special Offers Email Sign Up By clicking above you agree to our Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. X Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. Copy Share URL: Copy Link Sign Up / Sign In Sign In // Sign Up With your existing account from... With your existing account {* loginWidget *} Use an account with your email address Or with a NYPost.com account {* #userInformationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *}{* traditionalSignIn_createButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} Sign Up / Sign In Sign In // Sign Up Welcome back, {* welcomeName *} {* loginWidget *} Or use NYPost.com account Sign Up / Sign In Sign In // Sign Up Welcome back Welcome back, {* welcomeName *} {* #userInformationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} Use an account with your email address Or use another account Almost Done! Please confirm the information below before signing in. Please confirm the information below. {* #socialRegistrationForm *} {* socialRegistration_emailAddress *} {* socialRegistration_displayName *} {* socialRegistration_ageVerification *} By clicking "Sign In", you confirm that you accept our terms of service and have read and understand privacy policy. {* backButton *} {* socialRegistration_signInButton *} {* /socialRegistrationForm *} Almost Done! {* #registrationForm *} {* traditionalRegistration_emailAddress *} {* traditionalRegistration_password *} {* traditionalRegistration_passwordConfirm *} {* traditionalRegistration_displayName *} {* traditionalRegistration_captcha *} {* traditionalRegistration_ageVerification *} By clicking "Create account", you confirm that you accept our terms of service and have read and understand our privacy policy. {* backButton *} {* createAccountButton *} {* /registrationForm *} Create a new password Forgot Password? Don't worry, it happens. We'll send you a link to create a new password. {* #forgotPasswordForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* backButton *} {* forgotPassword_sendButton *} {* /forgotPasswordForm *} Create a new password Sent! We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password. Your existing password has not been changed. We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password. Close Account Already Exists {* mergeAccounts *} {* backButton *} Sign in to complete account merge {* #tradAuthenticateMergeForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* mergePassword *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /tradAuthenticateMergeForm *}
BUSINESS Here's what's at stake as Trump moves to unravel Dodd-Frank Christopher J. Dodd and Barney Frank Saul Loeb / AFP/Getty Images The Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform Act is named after former Democratic Sens. Christopher J. Dodd, left, and Barney Frank, shown in 2010. The Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform Act is named after former Democratic Sens. Christopher J. Dodd, left, and Barney Frank, shown in 2010. (Saul Loeb / AFP/Getty Images) James Rufus KorenContact Reporter President Trump signed an executive order Friday that calls for his administration to review the landmark Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform Act, with an eye toward revising or eliminating parts of the 2010 law. An administration official told reporters that the law “in many respects was a piece of massive government overreach” and that some of the rules within the law, passed in the wake of last decade’s financial crisis, “may have even been unconstitutional.” So, what’s in Dodd-Frank, and what parts might the Trump administration be looking to revise? The answer to both is: a lot. Here are some big-ticket items. Consumer Financial Protection Bureau The administration official who previewed Friday’s executive order said the law had, among other things, created “new agencies that don’t actually protect consumers.” That’s a not-so-subtle swipe at the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau, an agency created by the Dodd-Frank act that has been a strict enforcer of consumer protection laws and that has crafted a bevy of new rules that apply to mortgage lenders, banks, credit card companies and other financial firms. The bureau’s rules have made it less attractive — though not illegal — for mortgage lenders to make some types of risky loans that went bad and sparked last decade’s financial crisis. The bureau also been working on rules that would prevent banks and other financial firms from blocking class-action lawsuits by consumers and would require payday lenders to do more underwriting. The bureau and its director, Richard Cordray, have been targets of Republican lawmakers, who argue that the bureau has been overly aggressive in enforcing rules and that its power should be crimped. Trump advisor Gary Cohn suggested in an interview with the Wall Street Journal that Trump may seek to replace Cordray, though Cordray’s term doesn’t expire until the middle of next year. Proprietary trading Dodd-Frank put limits on the kind of bets banks can make on their own behalf — also called proprietary trading. (Proprietary trades in mortgage-backed securities led to huge losses for banks in the lead-up to the financial crisis.) Under those limits, often referred to as the Volcker Rule after former Federal Reserve Chairman Paul Volcker, banks also are not supposed to make investments in certain riskier asset classes. The rule was meant to prevent banks from taking too much risk, though it’s been criticized for making it harder for banks to hold certain types of securities that customers might want to buy. JPMorgan Chase chief Jamie Dimon famously criticized the rule, saying regulators would need a psychiatrist to help determine whether a trade was proprietary. ‘Systemically important’ institutions Dodd-Frank created a new group of regulators, the Financial Stability Oversight Council, tasked with overseeing all finance firms — not just banks — whose failure could provoke a financial crisis. Those firms, selected by the Federal Reserve, are called “systemically important financial institutions.” Some firms that have been tagged with that title, including insurer MetLife, have fought the designation and the additional oversight that comes with it. Living wills In a rule aimed at preventing a repeat of crisis-era bank bailouts, Dodd-Frank calls for the nation’s largest banks to write “living wills” — essentially plans that show regulators how their operations would be wound down, run and sold off if they fail in another downturn. Wells Fargo & Co. has struggled to develop its plan, which regulators have cited as deficient. Executive compensation Most of Dodd-Frank is focused on banks and other financial institutions, but some elements cut across industries. One part of the law requires stock exchanges to require public companies to adopt rules that allow the companies to take back compensation paid to executives if it turns out that compensation was based on bad accounting. It also calls for shareholders to have a nonbinding vote on the pay packages for top executives. Caption 90 seconds: 4 stories you can't miss An appeals court has ruled: Trump's travel ban will remain blocked. Arrests made by federal immigration officials sparked a protest in downtown Los Angeles. L.A. planning commissions approve most zoning change requests, a Times analysis finds. Can robots replace bees? An appeals court has ruled: Trump's travel ban will remain blocked. Arrests made by federal immigration officials sparked a protest in downtown Los Angeles. L.A. planning commissions approve most zoning change requests, a Times analysis finds. Can robots replace bees? Caption 90 seconds: 4 stories you can't miss An appeals court has ruled: Trump's travel ban will remain blocked. Arrests made by federal immigration officials sparked a protest in downtown Los Angeles. L.A. planning commissions approve most zoning change requests, a Times analysis finds. Can robots replace bees? An appeals court has ruled: Trump's travel ban will remain blocked. Arrests made by federal immigration officials sparked a protest in downtown Los Angeles. L.A. planning commissions approve most zoning change requests, a Times analysis finds. Can robots replace bees? Caption 9th Circuit court refuses to reinstate travel ban A three-judge panel of the U.S. 9th Circuit Court of Appeals ruled that a Seattle federal judge’s earlier restraining order on the new policy should remain in effect while the judge further examines its legality.. A three-judge panel of the U.S. 9th Circuit Court of Appeals ruled that a Seattle federal judge’s earlier restraining order on the new policy should remain in effect while the judge further examines its legality.. Caption LaMelo Ball puts on a show He finishes with 27 points in Chino Hills victory He finishes with 27 points in Chino Hills victory Caption Immigration arrests in L.A. spark fear, outrage, but officials say they are routine Arrests sparked a protest in downtown Los Angeles Thursday evening. (Marcus Yam / Los Angeles Times) Arrests sparked a protest in downtown Los Angeles Thursday evening. (Marcus Yam / Los Angeles Times) Caption Eagles of Death Metal and Colin Hanks on their documentary 'Nos Amis' Members of the the band Eagles of Death Metal discuss their relationship with director Colin Hanks and their approach to making the HBO documentary "Eagles of Death Metal: Nos Amis (Our Friends)." Members of the the band Eagles of Death Metal discuss their relationship with director Colin Hanks and their approach to making the HBO documentary "Eagles of Death Metal: Nos Amis (Our Friends)." james.koren@latimes.com Follow me: @jrkoren ALSO Everything you need to know about Snapchat and Snap's IPO Trump's threats to booming Mexico auto industry have executives' heads spinning After initial optimism about the economy, some investors begin to worry about a 'Trump slump'   UPDATES: 10:45 a.m.: The article has been updated to report that President Trump has signed the executive order. Privacy Policy Copyright © 2017, Los Angeles Times Donald Trump Richard Cordray Federal Reserve Wells Fargo JPMorgan Chase & Co. ICE says L.A. immigration arrests were planned long in advance, not tied to new crackdown With billions at stake, a federal judge just nullified the GOP's most cynical attack on Obamacare Inside the frantic fight to protect Oroville dam, nation's tallest, as spillway rapidly erodes Most Popular Local Sports Entertainment Politics Opinion Place An Ad 61°
msn back to msn home money search money search web search Sign in Change language & content: América Latina (español) Argentina (español) Australia (English) België (Nederlands) Belgique (français) Brasil (português) Canada (English) Canada (français) Chile (español) Colombia (español) Danmark (Dansk) Deutschland (Deutsch) España (español) France (français) India (English) Indonesia (Bahasa Indonesia) Ireland (English) Italia (italiano) Malaysia (English) México (español) Nederland (Nederlands) New Zealand (English) Norge (norsk, bokmål) Österreich (Deutsch) Perú (español) Philippines (English) Polska (polski) Portugal (Português) Schweiz (Deutsch) Singapore (English) South Africa (English) Suisse (français) Suomi (suomi) Sverige (svenska) Türkiye (Türkçe) United Arab Emirates (English) United Kingdom (English) United States (English) United States (español) Venezuela (español) Việt Nam (Tiếng Việt) Ελλάδα (ελληνικά) Россия (Pусский) ישראל (עברית)‏ الإمارات العربية المتحدة (العربية‏) المملكة العربية السعودية (العربية‏) مصر (العربية‏) ไทย (ไทย) 한국 (한국어) 中华人民共和国 (简体中文) 台灣 (繁體中文) 日本 (日本語) 香港特别行政區 (繁體中文) Switch to Latino Feedback Help Today Markets Investing Personal Finance Real Estate Careers Small Business My Watchlist Mortgages Credit Cards Broker Center Tools Home News Weather Entertainment Sports Money Lifestyle Health & Fitness Food & Drink Travel Autos Video Top Stocks Inside the Ticker Mutual Funds and ETFs Small Business Expert Voices Taxes Stock Picks Today's 52-Week Highs Today's 52-Week Lows Volume Shockers Price Shockers High-yield Stocks The Best Blue-Chip Stocks AdChoices 3 ways to protect your 401(k) if Trump kills the fiduciary rule Bloomberg Ben Steverman 2/4/2017 SHARE SHARE TWEET SHARE EMAIL Where the Obamas are headed after the White House 15 celebrities who had epic fails as entrepreneurs Click to expand Replay Video Trump's wall to cost $21.6 billion A Homeland Security Department report seen by Reuters also says the border wall President Trump wants could take more than three years to build. Fred Katayama reports. Reuters Man sues Uber for ruining his marriage Cote d’Azur is a french business man who believes Uber’s technology is the reason that his marriage ended. He said that through the app his wife could see where he had been and he was going. Apparently, his wife did not approve of where he had been and they got divorced. He is now suing Uber for 45 million euros, which is $48 million American dollars. Uber has not yet commented on the lawsuit publicly. It is their policy to not make comments about individual cases. Wochit Business Will the Lego Batman movie be a boost to Lego sales? Entertainment Reporter Katrina Szish previews the movies in theaters this weekend and the Grammy Awards. Fox Business SETTINGS OFF HD HQ SD LO Trump Takes Aim at Dodd-Frank, Fiduciary Rule Bloomberg See more videos SHARE SHARE TWEET SHARE EMAIL What to watch next Trump's wall to cost $21.6 billion Reuters 1:04 Man sues Uber for ruining his marriage Wochit Business 0:32 Will the Lego Batman movie be a boost to Lego sales? Fox Business 4:01 Meet the collaborative robots that work with you Bloomberg 3:14 An interesting shift is happening in the marijuana business International Business Times 1:00 Is Under Armour asking for a backlash? The Wall Street Journal. 0:43 Serial house sitting is the new fad for retirees CNBC 0:56 This zero-waste packaging is made from bamboo CNN Money 3:19 Top grossing pets on Instagram GOBankingRates 1:13 Trump's tweets aren't helping Twitter make money Veuer 0:42 Weak peso helps tequila giant Jose Cuervo go public The Wall Street Journal. 1:02 Beautiful beaches that are ridiculously expensive GOBankingRates 1:06 How do fake news sites make money? BBC News 1:13 Trump meets with airlines CNBC 2:00 This is the world's most expensive chocolate bar CNBC 0:39 Honoured Apple CEO takes aim at Trump Reuters 1:31 UP NEXT A new move by President Donald Trump may mean higher costs for individual investors and retirement plans, especially 401(k)s offered by small businesses. The good news, though, is that you can protect yourself against his order, which delays and reconsiders the so-called fiduciary rule, if you ask the right questions. Brokers often get incentives to steer clients into certain financial products, which can charge very high fees. President Barack Obama’s White House had estimated that these conflicts of interest were costing American investors $17 billion a year. The Department of Labor’s fiduciary rule, scheduled to go into effect in April, would have fought this, requiring financial advisers to put clients interests before their own when providing advice on retirement accounts. The financial industry balked, predictably, disputing the Obama administration’s math and suing to stop the rule. Wall Street argued it would be costly to implement and restrict investor choices by making it less profitable to provide advice to low- and middle-income investors. Despite the opposition, the threat of the regulation had already started to change the way financial institutions do business. Firms have moved away from their higher-cost products and toward making their fees clearer and easier to explain to clients. Bank of America Corp. and JPMorgan Chase & Co. both announced they’d stop charging commissions on individual retirement accounts. Insurance companies are also changing their product line-up, and their sales of variable annuities, a costly investment product much-criticized by personal finance experts, have been plunging.  Click ahead for three questions that investors can ask to help them avoid financial advisers who don’t put their interests first. © nicolas hansen/Getty Images    1. Are you a fiduciary? Clients can ask: “Are you a fiduciary?” Many are already, which means they’re required by law to watch out for your best interests, much like doctors and lawyers. That won’t change based on Trump’s order. 2. How are you paid? Investors can also ask detailed questions about how their advisers are being paid. What incentives do they have to steer you into particular products? An adviser may operate differently if they’re paid by the hour or by a percentage of the assets they manage, versus if they’re paid extra commissions for certain in-house products. What are my fees? Finally, investors can keep a close eye on how much they’re paying, with the understanding that a fee of 1 or 2 percent can have a surprisingly large cumulative impact on their financial future if it’s charged year after year after year. Many investors are already asking these questions. That’s one reason many investment firms have said they’ll stick with these changes no matter what Trump decides. “We plan to go forward with the majority of the work we’ve done,” Bill Morrissey, managing director of business development at LPL Financial Holdings Inc., told Bloomberg News. “What investors want is more transparency and lower fees.”  Click ahead to find out who could be at risk from the changes. © Blend Images/DreamPictures/Getty Images     Small businesses and unsophisticated investors at risk If firms and advisers stick to (or return to) the old ways, they’ll need to go after investors who won’t ask too many questions. A target in the past has been small businesses. Chronically starved of time and rarely experts on investing, their owners can end up paying widely varying amounts for 401(k) plans. An analysis by the research firm BrightScope found fees on small retirement plans can vary from as little as 0.5 percent a year to more than 3 or 4 percent.  But even small business owners are getting more options. A number of small start-up firms compete to offer low-cost, basic 401(k) plans. While Trump’s order could stall that momentum, it’s unlikely to stop it entirely. The last remaining target for non-fiduciary advisers, then, are the most unsophisticated investors, people who don’t know the first thing about annuity expenses, load fees, or the importance of a mutual fund’s expense ratio. Unfortunately, these are often the people least able to afford the extra costs—if Trump guts the fiduciary rule, it is the least wealthy investors who will feel the consequences. To contact the author of this story: Ben Steverman in New York at bsteverman@bloomberg.net. To contact the editor responsible for this story: David Rovella at drovella@bloomberg.net.  ©2017 Bloomberg L.P. Go to MSN Home Go to MSN Money Join the conversation Report Abuse Report inappropriate content Sorry! There was a problem. Please try again. Help us maintain a healthy and vibrant community by reporting any illegal or inappropriate behavior that violates MSN’s Code of Conduct. Select a category Spam Child pornography or exploitation Profanity, vulgarity or obscenity Copyright infringement Harassment or threat Threats of suicide Other Who posted the inappropriate comment (Required) Paste the unacceptable comment here submit Leave your comment AdChoices AdChoices AdChoices Feedback © 2017 Microsoft Privacy Legal About our Ads Feedback Help MSN Worldwide Newsletter Found the story interesting? Like us on Facebook to see similar stories I'm already a fan, don't show this again Send Feedback Provide Feedback Report a Problem We appreciate your input! Select a category: I'm having problems with Top Destinations I'm having issues searching I'm having problems with Featured Apps I see an error in the content Other How we can improve? Please give an overall site rating: Submit Close Privacy Statement Help Help & Support
Skip to content Home Business Science Health Technology About – Staff Privacy Policy Contact The InvenSense, Inc. (INVN) Lifted to Hold at Zacks Investment Research February 4, 2017 Jamie Williams Zacks Investment Research upgraded shares of InvenSense, Inc. (NYSE:INVN) from a sell rating to a hold rating in a research report sent to investors on Tuesday. According to Zacks, “InvenSense Inc. provides motion processing solutions that enable a motion-based user interface for consumer electronics. Its solutions are comprised of an integrated circuit that incorporates motion sensors, such as gyroscopes, with associated software. The Company offers devices for applications in console and portable video gaming devices, handset and tablet devices, digital still and video cameras, digital television and set-top box remote controls, 3D mice and portable navigation devices. Its technology is comprised of four proprietary components: its patented Nasiri-Fabrication process, advanced MEMS gyroscope design, mixed-signal circuitry that provides sensor signal processing and enables SensorFusion technology critical to its MotionProcessing platform, and MotionProcessing library and MotionApplication software solutions. InvenSense Inc. is headquartered in Sunnyvale, California. “ A number of other equities research analysts have also weighed in on the company. Loop Capital initiated coverage on InvenSense in a research note on Monday, December 5th. They set a buy rating and a $10.00 price target on the stock. TheStreet upgraded InvenSense from a sell rating to a hold rating in a research note on Thursday, January 5th. Pacific Crest restated a buy rating and set a $9.00 price target on shares of InvenSense in a research note on Friday, November 4th. Summit Redstone restated a buy rating and set a $12.00 price target on shares of InvenSense in a research note on Thursday, December 15th. Finally, Roth Capital downgraded InvenSense from a buy rating to a neutral rating and lifted their target price for the stock from $9.00 to $13.00 in a report on Wednesday, December 21st. Twelve analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and four have given a buy rating to the company. InvenSense presently has a consensus rating of Hold and a consensus price target of $10.22. InvenSense (NYSE:INVN) remained flat at $12.77 during midday trading on Tuesday. The company had a trading volume of 736,944 shares. The firm’s 50-day moving average price is $10.78 and its 200-day moving average price is $8.04. InvenSense has a 12 month low of $5.42 and a 12 month high of $12.92. The company’s market cap is $1.20 billion. InvenSense (NYSE:INVN) last issued its quarterly earnings results on Thursday, November 3rd. The company reported $0.02 earnings per share for the quarter, missing the Zacks’ consensus estimate of $0.03 by $0.01. InvenSense had a negative return on equity of 5.35% and a negative net margin of 15.81%. The business had revenue of $79.80 million for the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $79.67 million. During the same quarter in the previous year, the firm posted $0.16 EPS. InvenSense’s revenue was down 29.1% on a year-over-year basis. Equities analysts predict that InvenSense will post ($0.03) EPS for the current year. In other news, VP Daniel Goehl sold 5,388 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Friday, December 9th. The stock was sold at an average price of $9.00, for a total value of $48,492.00. Following the completion of the sale, the vice president now directly owns 15,000 shares in the company, valued at $135,000. The transaction was disclosed in a document filed with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which can be accessed through this link. 14.20% of the stock is owned by insiders. Several hedge funds have recently modified their holdings of the company. JPMorgan Chase & Co. boosted its stake in shares of InvenSense by 81.6% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 2,760,768 shares of the company’s stock valued at $20,485,000 after buying an additional 1,240,173 shares during the last quarter. GAM Holding AG boosted its stake in shares of InvenSense by 7.7% in the third quarter. GAM Holding AG now owns 425,969 shares of the company’s stock valued at $3,156,000 after buying an additional 30,300 shares during the last quarter. Ameriprise Financial Inc. boosted its stake in shares of InvenSense by 46.0% in the second quarter. Ameriprise Financial Inc. now owns 782,668 shares of the company’s stock valued at $4,797,000 after buying an additional 246,723 shares during the last quarter. Thompson Investment Management Inc. boosted its stake in shares of InvenSense by 5.9% in the second quarter. Thompson Investment Management Inc. now owns 23,475 shares of the company’s stock valued at $144,000 after buying an additional 1,300 shares during the last quarter. Finally, Artemis Investment Management LLP purchased a new stake in shares of InvenSense during the second quarter valued at approximately $3,303,000. Hedge funds and other institutional investors own 43.82% of the company’s stock. About InvenSense InvenSense, Inc (InvenSense) is engaged in designing, developing, marketing and selling of sensor system-on-chip (SoC), including accelerometers, gyroscopes and microphones for the mobile, wearable, smart home, gaming, industrial and automotive market segments. The Company delivers solutions based on its motion and sound technology; focused on solutions, such as smartphones, tablets, wearables, console and portable video gaming devices, digital television and set-top box remote controls, fitness accessories, sports equipment, digital still cameras, automobiles, ultra-books, laptops, hearing aids, stabilization systems, tools, navigation devices, remote controlled toys and other household consumer and industrial devices. Get a free copy of the Zacks research report on InvenSense (INVN) For more information about research offerings from Zacks Investment Research, visit Zacks.com Business Post navigation The ProShare Advisors LLC Boosts Position in Mercury General Corporation (MCY) The ProShare Advisors LLC Purchases 24,794 Shares of West Pharmaceutical Services, Inc. (WST) Related posts February 11, 2017 Donald Swayze 0 The Anglo American plc (NGLOY) Raised to Buy at HSBC HSBC upgraded shares of Anglo American plc (NASDAQ:NGLOY) from a hold rating to a buy rating... February 11, 2017 Donald Swayze 0 The Zacks Investment Research Downgrades Towerstream Corp. (TWER) to Hold Towerstream Corp. (NASDAQ:TWER) was downgraded by Zacks Investment Research from a “buy” rating to a “hold”... February 11, 2017 Donald Swayze 0 The Zacks Investment Research Upgrades USA Truck Inc. (USAK) to “Hold” USA Truck Inc. (NASDAQ:USAK) was upgraded by Zacks Investment Research from a “strong sell” rating to... Leave a Comment Cancel reply Latest The Anglo American plc (NGLOY) Raised to Buy at HSBC The Zacks Investment Research Downgrades Towerstream Corp. (TWER) to Hold The Zacks Investment Research Upgrades USA Truck Inc. (USAK) to “Hold” The PDL BioPharma Inc. (PDLI) Cut to “Hold” at Zacks Investment Research The Texas Capital Bancshares Inc. (TCBI) Upgraded at Zacks Investment Research The Campbell Newman Asset Management Inc. Decreases Stake in Walgreens Boots Alliance Inc. (WBA) The Callaway Golf Co. (ELY) Shares Sold by Punch & Associates Investment Management Inc. The Dentsply International Inc. (XRAY) Shares Bought by United Services Automobile Association The WestRock Co. (WRK) Stake Raised by DUPONT CAPITAL MANAGEMENT Corp The McKesson Corp. (MCK) Stake Boosted by Royal Bank of Scotland Group PLC The Virtus Investment Advisers Inc. Buys Shares of 96,379 Constellation Brands Inc. (STZ) The First Internet Bancorp (INBK) Issues Quarterly Earnings Results The Guaranty Federal Bancshares Inc. (GFED) Announces Quarterly Earnings Results The Navient Corp. (NAVI) Downgraded by JPMorgan Chase & Co. The Zacks Investment Research Lowers Kite Pharma Inc. (KITE) to Hold The BMO Capital Markets Reaffirms “Outperform” Rating for Ionis Pharmaceuticals Inc. (IONS) The Electronic Arts Inc. (EA) Downgraded by Zacks Investment Research The Safe Bulkers Inc. (SB) Now Covered by Analysts at Stifel Nicolaus The FBR & Co Upgrades Ngl Energy Part (NGL) to “Outperform” The Q2 2017 EPS Estimates for American Express Co. Increased by DA Davidson (AXP) © DailyQuint.
自由電子報 | 影音娛樂 | 好康報報 | 自由部落 ‧Business Home Front Page Taiwan News Business Editorials Sports World News Features Bilingual Pages Home / Business Sun, Feb 05, 2017 - Page 16　News List Print Mail Facebook Twitter plurk funp Trump orders review of Dodd-Frank DEREGULATION:The Dodd-Frank rules required banks to demonstrate their solid financial grounding in annual ‘stress tests’ and to refrain from some risky transactions AFP, WASHINGTON US President Donald Trump on Friday ordered a review of key reforms enacted after the 2008 financial crisis, in the first step toward scaling back toughened regulations on the banking industry. The Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act aimed to curb the actions of the financial sector that led to the Great Recession, but critics have claimed it created red tape that stifles the industry. “Today we are signing core principles for regulating the United States’ financial system,” Trump said in the Oval Office as he signed two executive orders aimed at scrapping parts of the 2010 law. “Doesn’t get much bigger than that, right?” he said. The president’s move gives the upper hand to opponents of the landmark legislation, who have long battled attempts to rein in Wall Street excesses. Addressing a White House meeting with industry leaders earlier in the day, Trump said: “We expect to cut a lot out of Dodd-Frank.” “I have friends who can’t start businesses because the banks wouldn’t let them borrow because of rules and regulations and Dodd-Frank,” he added. Trump’s directives were quickly denounced by US Senator Chuck Schumer, leader of the US Democrats in the upper house of US Congress, who vowed to fight to prevent the law’s undoing. “President Trump promised to stand up to the big banks, now he’s letting them write the rules of the road,” Schumer said in a statement. Like Trump, the Democratic senator hails from New York State, home to the financial industry’s largest global hub. The mammoth Dodd-Frank legislation was adopted after a systemic crisis in the global financial system caused by the failure of widely traded, but complex derivatives backed by poor-quality mortgages. The resulting taxpayer bailout of failing banks and financial institutions deemed “too big to fail,” or so large their collapse could cause widespread economic harm, provoked lasting public outrage. “If we allow Wall Street to go unchecked again, it’s only a matter of time before history repeats itself,” US Representative Chellie Pingree said on Twitter. The Dodd-Frank rules required banks to demonstrate their solid financial grounding in annual “stress tests,” as well as refrain from certain risky transactions and significantly expanded the role securities regulators play in overseeing the investment industry. Trump’s twin decrees came on the heels of his meeting with business leaders, including the chiefs of the largest banks and investment firms, such as JPMorgan Chase & Co, Blackstone Group LP and BlackRock Inc, which might stand to gain from looser rules. The directives would also delay a fiduciary rule adopted under the previous administration, which had yet to take effect but would have required investment advisers handling retirement funds to put their clients’ interests before maximizing their own profits. Among the many provisions of the 2,300-page legislation, Dodd-Frank also gave rise to the US Consumer Financial Protection Bureau, an agency meant to police how banks and others provide services to the public. US Republicans and industry lobbyists have made no secret of their criticism of the bureau and other checks on industry imposed by Dodd-Frank, waging battles against it in court and on Capitol Hill. The US Federal Reserve, which plays a key role in banking regulation, had yet to react to Trump’s move. 1 2 NEXT › This story has been viewed 2453 times. Comments will be moderated. Remarks containing abusive and obscene language, personal attacks of any kind or promotion will be removed and the user banned. Print Mail facebook twitter plurk funp TOP Most Popular Listing from 2017-02-04 to 2017-02-11 Most read Most e-mailed 1 Tillerson reaffirms US’ commitment to Taiwan 2 Patriot missiles deployed on east coast 3 Postings about missing Chinese billionaire deleted 4 Expunging colonialism from bills 5 Chi in the Park 公園裡的氣功 MORE  1 Trump accedes to ‘one China’ policy 2 MND launches program to build trainer aircraft 3 [ LETTER ] 4 Patriot missiles deployed on east coast 5 China’s heroes are not Taiwan’s MORE  Home Front Page Taiwan News Business Editorials Sports World News Features Bilingual Pages Subscribe‧Advertise‧Employment‧About Us‧Contact Us‧ RSS Copyright © 1999-2017 The Taipei Times. All rights reserved.
BUSINESS Here's what's at stake as Trump moves to unravel Dodd-Frank Christopher J. Dodd and Barney Frank Saul Loeb / AFP/Getty Images The Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform Act is named after former Democratic Sens. Christopher J. Dodd, left, and Barney Frank, shown in 2010. The Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform Act is named after former Democratic Sens. Christopher J. Dodd, left, and Barney Frank, shown in 2010. (Saul Loeb / AFP/Getty Images) James Rufus KorenContact Reporter President Trump signed an executive order Friday that calls for his administration to review the landmark Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform Act, with an eye toward revising or eliminating parts of the 2010 law. An administration official told reporters that the law “in many respects was a piece of massive government overreach” and that some of the rules within the law, passed in the wake of last decade’s financial crisis, “may have even been unconstitutional.” So, what’s in Dodd-Frank, and what parts might the Trump administration be looking to revise? The answer to both is: a lot. Here are some big-ticket items. Consumer Financial Protection Bureau The administration official who previewed Friday’s executive order said the law had, among other things, created “new agencies that don’t actually protect consumers.” That’s a not-so-subtle swipe at the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau, an agency created by the Dodd-Frank act that has been a strict enforcer of consumer protection laws and that has crafted a bevy of new rules that apply to mortgage lenders, banks, credit card companies and other financial firms. The bureau’s rules have made it less attractive — though not illegal — for mortgage lenders to make some types of risky loans that went bad and sparked last decade’s financial crisis. The bureau also been working on rules that would prevent banks and other financial firms from blocking class-action lawsuits by consumers and would require payday lenders to do more underwriting. The bureau and its director, Richard Cordray, have been targets of Republican lawmakers, who argue that the bureau has been overly aggressive in enforcing rules and that its power should be crimped. Trump advisor Gary Cohn suggested in an interview with the Wall Street Journal that Trump may seek to replace Cordray, though Cordray’s term doesn’t expire until the middle of next year. Proprietary trading Dodd-Frank put limits on the kind of bets banks can make on their own behalf — also called proprietary trading. (Proprietary trades in mortgage-backed securities led to huge losses for banks in the lead-up to the financial crisis.) Under those limits, often referred to as the Volcker Rule after former Federal Reserve Chairman Paul Volcker, banks also are not supposed to make investments in certain riskier asset classes. The rule was meant to prevent banks from taking too much risk, though it’s been criticized for making it harder for banks to hold certain types of securities that customers might want to buy. JPMorgan Chase chief Jamie Dimon famously criticized the rule, saying regulators would need a psychiatrist to help determine whether a trade was proprietary. ‘Systemically important’ institutions Dodd-Frank created a new group of regulators, the Financial Stability Oversight Council, tasked with overseeing all finance firms — not just banks — whose failure could provoke a financial crisis. Those firms, selected by the Federal Reserve, are called “systemically important financial institutions.” Some firms that have been tagged with that title, including insurer MetLife, have fought the designation and the additional oversight that comes with it. Living wills In a rule aimed at preventing a repeat of crisis-era bank bailouts, Dodd-Frank calls for the nation’s largest banks to write “living wills” — essentially plans that show regulators how their operations would be wound down, run and sold off if they fail in another downturn. Wells Fargo & Co. has struggled to develop its plan, which regulators have cited as deficient. Executive compensation Most of Dodd-Frank is focused on banks and other financial institutions, but some elements cut across industries. One part of the law requires stock exchanges to require public companies to adopt rules that allow the companies to take back compensation paid to executives if it turns out that compensation was based on bad accounting. It also calls for shareholders to have a nonbinding vote on the pay packages for top executives. Caption 90 seconds: 4 stories you can't miss An appeals court has ruled: Trump's travel ban will remain blocked. Arrests made by federal immigration officials sparked a protest in downtown Los Angeles. L.A. planning commissions approve most zoning change requests, a Times analysis finds. Can robots replace bees? An appeals court has ruled: Trump's travel ban will remain blocked. Arrests made by federal immigration officials sparked a protest in downtown Los Angeles. L.A. planning commissions approve most zoning change requests, a Times analysis finds. Can robots replace bees? Caption 90 seconds: 4 stories you can't miss An appeals court has ruled: Trump's travel ban will remain blocked. Arrests made by federal immigration officials sparked a protest in downtown Los Angeles. L.A. planning commissions approve most zoning change requests, a Times analysis finds. Can robots replace bees? An appeals court has ruled: Trump's travel ban will remain blocked. Arrests made by federal immigration officials sparked a protest in downtown Los Angeles. L.A. planning commissions approve most zoning change requests, a Times analysis finds. Can robots replace bees? Caption 9th Circuit court refuses to reinstate travel ban A three-judge panel of the U.S. 9th Circuit Court of Appeals ruled that a Seattle federal judge’s earlier restraining order on the new policy should remain in effect while the judge further examines its legality.. A three-judge panel of the U.S. 9th Circuit Court of Appeals ruled that a Seattle federal judge’s earlier restraining order on the new policy should remain in effect while the judge further examines its legality.. Caption LaMelo Ball puts on a show He finishes with 27 points in Chino Hills victory He finishes with 27 points in Chino Hills victory Caption Immigration arrests in L.A. spark fear, outrage, but officials say they are routine Arrests sparked a protest in downtown Los Angeles Thursday evening. (Marcus Yam / Los Angeles Times) Arrests sparked a protest in downtown Los Angeles Thursday evening. (Marcus Yam / Los Angeles Times) Caption Eagles of Death Metal and Colin Hanks on their documentary 'Nos Amis' Members of the the band Eagles of Death Metal discuss their relationship with director Colin Hanks and their approach to making the HBO documentary "Eagles of Death Metal: Nos Amis (Our Friends)." Members of the the band Eagles of Death Metal discuss their relationship with director Colin Hanks and their approach to making the HBO documentary "Eagles of Death Metal: Nos Amis (Our Friends)." james.koren@latimes.com Follow me: @jrkoren ALSO Everything you need to know about Snapchat and Snap's IPO Trump's threats to booming Mexico auto industry have executives' heads spinning After initial optimism about the economy, some investors begin to worry about a 'Trump slump'   UPDATES: 10:45 a.m.: The article has been updated to report that President Trump has signed the executive order. Privacy Policy Copyright © 2017, Los Angeles Times Donald Trump Richard Cordray Federal Reserve Wells Fargo JPMorgan Chase & Co. ICE says L.A. immigration arrests were planned long in advance, not tied to new crackdown With billions at stake, a federal judge just nullified the GOP's most cynical attack on Obamacare Inside the frantic fight to protect Oroville dam, nation's tallest, as spillway rapidly erodes Most Popular Local Sports Entertainment Politics Opinion Place An Ad 61°
gulfnews.com no longer supports Internet Explorer 8 or earlier. Please upgrade your browser.LEARN MORE ? Enter your keyword sign inorRegister now Mobile Site GN Network Aquarius The monthly women's lifestyle magazine offering real solutions for real women. Friday The most read magazine in the UAE. Lively, intelligent and thought-provoking. GN Focus Focused reports on events, business and lifestyle. In depth, insightful, influential. Inside Out An inspiring home interiors magazine showcasing the best interior design. tabloid! The No. 1 source for entertainment, lifestyle & fashion in the UAE. Weekend Review In-depth look at issues behind the news, with sections on people, books and art. Wheels A weekly motoring magazine packed with the latest local and global motoring news, reviews and views. GNTECH Gadget soup for the techy soul. News and reviews with our own irreverent spin Baby & Child From pregnancy to playdates in the UAE Gulf News Store Buy latest products from our online store Classifieds GNCars The UAE's first stop shop for buying and selling cars. GNCareers Give your career a boost. Find the best and latest jobs. GNClassifieds The site for buying and selling almost anything. GNproperty Region's leading property site for buying and renting. Apps App for iPhone The official Gulf News app tailored for iOs phones App for Android Mobile The official Gulf News app tailored for Android phones App for iPad Gulf News made highly readable for Apple's iPad Gulf News mobile Fast, lightweight, perfect for mobile browsing SMS alerts The fastest way to find out about breaking stories Cricket App Live cricket action direct to your phone Good Living App Hundreds of offers direct to your phone Subscribe Gulf News Subscribe Now Aquarius Subscribe Now Xpress Subscribe Now Inside Out Subscribe Now Wheels Subscribe Now Baby & Child Subscribe Now Quick Links E-Paper Digital version of today’s newspaper, exactly as it is in print. Mobile Version The fast and light-weight mobile version of GulfNews.com. Advertising Guide Get your brand seen in the region's most read newspaper. SMS News Alerts The fastest way to hear about major breaking stories. Goodliving 100s of offers, half price deals, 2 for 1s - and more. Contact Us Have something you want to tell us, a question, or complaint? Gulf News Store Buy latest products from our online store SHARES BANKING February 11, 2017 | Last updated less than one minute ago usd---- ---- 24KGold--   Hot Topics: UAE holidays 2017 UAE in India Gold Rate Weather Horoscope The GN Store UAE News Business Data Equities Commodities Currencies top stories in Data Dubai gold prices hit record high UAE shoppers go easy on gold jewellery Global gold jewellery demand fell to 7-year low Gold Rate Sectors12 Markets11 Automotives1 Banking Construction Employment Features1 General Investment Media Careers1 Energy66 Retail Shipping Technology2 Telecoms1 Tourism1 top stories in Sectors Airlines fighting tech glitches every day IEA says 90% compliance rate in Opec output cut Lithuania tourism chief quits over ‘fake’ ads Renewables Aviation2 Live Flights top stories in Aviation Airlines fighting tech glitches every day EU readies to face Gulf carrier challenge Boeing wins $14b jet order from Singapore Air Economy7 Property GN Property top stories in Property Moody’s upgrades Aldar rating to Baa2 Inside Donald Trump’s Dubai golf course Meet Trump's sons at Dubai golf club Money4 Visas Analysis4 Sport Opinion Leisure Life&Style Culture Guides Multimedia Your Say In Focus Trump orders review of Dodd-Frank financial reforms Move gives the upper hand to opponents of the landmark legislation who have long battled attempts to rein in Wall Street excesses Image Credit: AP/PTI President Donald Trump holds up an executive order after his signing the order in the Oval Office of the White House in Washington, Friday. The executive order that will direct the Treasury secretary to review the 2010 Dodd-Frank financial oversight law, which reshaped financial regulation after 2008-2009 crisis. Published: 18:07 February 4, 2017 AFP   SMALL MEDIUM LARGE Washington: President Donald Trump on Friday ordered a review of key reforms enacted after the 2008 financial crisis, in the first step towards scaling back toughened regulations on the banking industry. The so-called Dodd-Frank law aimed to curb the actions of the finance sector that led to the “Great Recession,” but critics claim it created red tape that stifles the industry. “Today we are signing core principles for regulating the United States financial system,” Trump said in the Oval Office as he signed two executive orders aimed at scrapping parts of the 2010 law. “Doesn’t get much bigger than that, right?” he said. The president’s move gives the upper hand to opponents of the landmark legislation who have long battled attempts to rein in Wall Street excesses. Addressing a White House meeting with industry leaders earlier in the day, Trump said: “We expect to cut a lot out of Dodd-Frank.” “I have friends who can’t start businesses because the banks wouldn’t let them borrow because of rules and regulations and Dodd-Frank.” Trump’s directives were quickly denounced by Senator Chuck Schumer, the leader of the minority Democrats in the upper house of Congress, who vowed to fight to prevent the law’s undoing. “President Trump promised to stand up to the big banks, now he’s letting them write the rules of the road,” Schumer said in a statement. Like Trump, the Democratic senator hails from New York state, home to the financial industry’s largest global hub. Failing banks The mammoth Dodd-Frank legislation was adopted after a systemic crisis in the global financial system caused by the failure of widely traded but complex derivatives backed by poor-quality mortgages. The resulting taxpayer bailout of failing banks and financial institutions deemed “too big to fail,” or so large their collapse could cause widespread economic harm, provoked lasting public outrage. “If we allow Wall Street to go unchecked again, it’s only a matter of time before history repeats itself,” Democratic Congresswoman Chellie Pingree said on Twitter. The Dodd-Frank rules required banks to demonstrate their solid financial grounding in annual “stress tests” as well as refrain from certain risky transactions, and significantly expanded the role securities regulators play in overseeing the investment industry. Trump’s twin decrees came on the heels of his meeting with business leaders including chiefs of the largest banks and investment firms, such as JP Morgan Chase, Blackstone and BlackRock, which may stand to gain from looser rules. The directives will also delay a fiduciary rule adopted under the previous administration, which had yet to take effect but would have required investment advisers handling retirement funds to put their clients’ interests before maximising their own profits. Among the many provisions of the 2,300-page legislation, Dodd-Frank also gave rise to the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau, an agency meant to police how banks and others provide services to the public. Congressional action Republicans and industry lobbyists have made no secret of their criticism of the CFPB and other checks on industry imposed by Dodd-Frank, waging battles against it in court and on Capitol Hill. The Federal Reserve, which plays a key role in banking regulation, had yet to react to Trump’s move. Any repeal of Dodd-Frank itself would require congressional action but the Trump White House is keen to send a signal that it is ready to slash red tape. Gary Cohn, the former Goldman Sachs president who now heads Trump’s National Economic Council, told The Wall Street Journal ahead of the signing that freeing up the financial services sector again would be a boon to consumers. “The banks are going to be able to price products more efficiently and more effectively to consumers,” Cohn was quoted as saying. John Berlau of the Competitive Enterprise Institute welcomed the moves, saying they would “greatly benefit middle-class investors, entrepreneurs, and consumers.” But Bartlett Naylor of the consumer activist group Public Citizen called Trump’s actions “a betrayal of his campaign promises” and a gift to big banks. Market analyst Jasper Lawler at the London Capital Group believes that “unwinding some of Dodd-Frank is a good thing because it will enable smaller community banks to compete, offering competition to consumers.” However, repealing too much of Dodd-Frank “puts the entire system at risk of a repeat of 2008,” the analyst said. More from Banking Chairman leads deal to buy stake in Arab Bank QNB eyes Southeast Asia after beating goal MoF sessions on Government Summit sidelines NBAD, FGB select managers for merged entity BNP Paribas net profit misses estimates Bank of Sharjah net profits up 61 per cent ABN Amro cuts 60 per cent of senior management Gulf Finance House net profit up nearly 20 folds tags from this storyUnited States follow this tag on MGNDonald Trump follow this tag on MGNTwitter follow this tag on MGN filed underGulfNewsBusinessSectorsBanking tagsUnited States follow this tag on MGN+ MGNDonald Trump follow this tag on MGN+ MGNTwitter follow this tag on MGN+ MGNforex Also In BankingChairman leads deal to buy stake in Arab Bank Business Gallery Classic car collectors gather in Paris Look: Inside the most expensive home in US Business Videos PlayAbu Dhabi Ship Building enjoys growing success Strata UAE leads aerospace manufacturing FOLLOW US Most Popular ViewedCommentedVideosGalleries 01NBAD, FGB select managers for merged entity 0212 dirty tricks that UAE banks play 03UAE Central Bank clarifies virtual currency ban Play Abu Dhabi Ship Building enjoys growing success Nov 24, 2016 Play Strata UAE leads aerospace manufacturing Oct 25, 2016 Play Video: Electronics fiesta as Gitex opens Oct 01, 2016 Play Emirates opens SkyPharma in Dubai Sep 18, 2016 11Images Look: Inside the most expensive home in US Feb 08, 2017 14Images In Pictures: Hatta Honey Festival Feb 02, 2017 20Images Highlights: SIHH luxury watch show Jan 18, 2017 10Images In pictures: Dubai International Boat Show 2012 Mar 13, 2012 company stock update 1d1 Wk1Mth1Qtr1Yr5Yr Gulf News Business on Twitter Tweets by @GulfNewsBiz Follow @GulfNewsBiz on Twitter Most Popular on Gulf News New UAE entry visa system approved Man who bought No 1 car plate goes on trial 2017 UAE holidays Meet Dubai's first female royal pilot Man tried to set himself on fire at Kaaba Newly-wed woman on bike killed in RAK Jet ski scam costs tourists Dh20,000 What excess sugar in diet does to your body UAE to adopt new entry visa system Close Recommended For You African nations silence the net to stem protestsPUBLISHED ON Feb 11, 2017 Energy stocks look for catalyst out of doldrumsPUBLISHED ON Feb 11, 2017 'Relationships, not money, key to happiness'PUBLISHED ON Feb 11, 2017 Feedback Get The Paper Our Apps Mobile friendly version Our location Advanced Search Sitemap MY GULF NEWS GulfNews.com is the most widely read newspaper, and online site in English in the Middle East. With a daily BPA audited paid circulation of over 108,000, and an online audience of 3.5 million uniques every month, it is your go to source for information on the region. Sign up below to begin personalising your experienceRegister now News Business Sport Leisure Guides Opinion Multimedia In Focus Life&Style Culture Your Say Enter your keyword follow usRssFollow us on FacebookFollow us on TwitterFollow us on google plus Sign up for newsletterSign Up PreviousNext © Al Nisr Publishing LLC 2016. All rights reserved GN Media How to follow Gulf News History of GulfNews Key Dates Community Advertise Print Direct Marketing About Gulf News Journalism ethics Ethics Policy Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Readers' Policy FAQs Open Calais Careers at Gulf News How to find Gulf News Contact Us Print Subscriptions MGN New GulfNews.com: A considerable step forward in terms of user experience
CBS News Logo CBS News News Latest US World Politics Entertainment Health MoneyWatch SciTech Crime Sports Shows Video More In Depth Photos Mobile Radio Local Shop Log in/out Search CBSN Toggle video Trending Videos CBSN Live » Saturday Federal judge temporarily halts President Trump's ... CBS Evening News Trump travel ban battle CBS Evening News Flynn investigation CBS Evening News Putin's dangerous game CBS Evening News Town hall protests CBS Evening News DeVos protesters CBS Evening News Massive ATM heist CBS Evening News Peak flu season CBS Evening News Trump learning curve CBS Evening News Longtime couple gets second chance CBS This Morning "48 Hours": Murder of doctor CBS This Morning Circus goes on after accident CBS This Morning D.C. surveillance cameras hacking Politics Russian dossier on Trump gaining credibility with law enforcement Politics Today in Trump: February 10, 2017 Politics Flynn might have violated law when he had call about Russian sanctions Politics FEC commissioner calls on Trump to provide evidence to support voter fraud claim Politics Trump promises "we'll be doing something very rapidly" on travel ban Politics Major Garrett to reporters: Don't bail on correspondents' dinner Politics Trump blasts "disgraceful" appeals court decision over travel ban Politics Trump, Abe news conference - live updates Politics Chaffetz faces harsh grilling at packed town hall Politics Dems call on Trump to withdraw Puzder nomination Politics How much will Trump's border wall cost? Politics Donald Trump's record: marketer, promoter - not CEO CBS News February 4, 2017, 10:23 AM Today in Trump: February 4, 2017 Comment Share Tweet Stumble Email Last Updated Feb 4, 2017 12:59 PM EST Today in the Trump Administration Trump whereabouts The president is in Mar-a-Lago for the weekend. The annual white-tie Red Cross Ball will be held at Mr. Trump’s Palm Beach estate on Saturday. The Palm Beach Post reports that President Trump and his wife, Melania Trump, are expected to attend.  Protests outside the resort were planned, although one group planning a March to Mar-a-Lago canceled its protest, saying on Facebook that the West Palm Beach Police Department would not give the group a permit, since the street it planned to march on could not be closed for the march.   Tweets on temporary travel ban injunction The president weighed in on a U.S. judge who imposed a nationwide hold on Mr. Trump’s ban on travelers and immigrants from seven countries.  In a series of tweets early Saturday, Mr. Trump said the ruling of the “so-called judge” in the case is “ridiculous and will be overturned.” He added that some Middle Eastern countries “agree with the ban,” though there is no evidence that any nations support the immigration order.  State, Homeland Security halt implementation of travel ban Agencies charged with implementing President Trump’s controversial travel ban are now complying with a court order blocking the ban, even as Mr. Trump continues to defend his executive order and attack the federal judge that handed down the decision. What you missed yesterday Administration imposes new sanctions against Iran The Trump administration on Friday imposed sanctions against multiple entities and people involved in procuring materials and technology to support Iran’s ballistic missile program and the Iran’s Islamic Revolutionary Guard. The move comes after Iran conducted a ballistic missile test Sunday. CBS News poll on immigration ban and Supreme Court nominee Americans are sharply divided along partisan lines overthe executive order temporarily banning entry into the U.S. by travelers from seven countries and refugees from all countries, according to a new CBS News poll released this morning.  Slightly more Americans disapprove (51 percent) than approve (45 percent) of President Trump’s executive order temporarily banning people from entering the U.S. from seven designated countries. Views on temporarily suspending entry for refugees are the same.  Opinions on these issues are highly partisan.   Executive action Trump took his first steps aimed at scaling back financial services regulations. The president signed an executive order Friday that will direct the Treasury secretary to review the 2010 Dodd-Frank financial oversight law, which reshaped financial regulation after the 2008-09 financial crisis. Kellyanne Conway alludes to massacre that never happened Trump top adviser Kellyanne Conway on Thursday alluded to the “Bowling Green massacre” in defending the administration’s travel ban, an event that never happened. She said on Friday morning that she misspoke. Tweets on Iran, Australia, and Paris Louvre attack In a blitz of Twitter activity early Friday morning, President Trump addressed Iran’s ballistic missile test, praised Australia’s prime minister, and discussed the machete attack that occurred in Paris’ Louvre museum.  America’s business leaders at White House Trump meets with his Strategic and Policy forum -- big business names, including Blackstone CEO Stephen Schwarzman, JPMorgan’s Jamie Dimon, Mary Barra of GM, Tesla’s Elon Musk, Bob Iger of Disney, among others. Travis Kalanick resigned from the group Thursday. The Cabinet Very early Friday morning, senators took a procedural vote on Betsy DeVos to be education secretary. The Senate advanced DeVos’ nomination on a procedural vote, 52 yeas to 48 nays -- a straight party line vote. The Senate will continue debating the nomination with a final confirmation vote on DeVos expected by the full Senate early next week, possibly as early as Tuesday February 7.  Supreme Court nominee Neil Gorsuch continues to visit with the senators who will decide on whether to confirm him. What will Senate Democrats do about Neil Gorsuch? Which Democratic senators will vote for him? Against him? When President Trump announced his Supreme Court pick as Judge Neil Gorsuch, Senate Democrats pounced.  Senate Minority Leader Chuck Schumer immediately fired off a statement that Gorsuch, a consevative Denver-based judge who currently sits on the 10th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals, would face an “exhaustive, robust, and comprehensive debate” on his fitness to be a Supreme Court justice. Others, like Oregon’s Jeff Merkley, charged that the seat on the Supreme Court bench was “stolen” from former President Obama after Republicans refused to confirm Judge Merrick Garland. Merkley vowed to do everything in his power to “stand up against this assault on the court,” seeming to threaten a filibuster of Mr. Trump’s nominee.  The Takeout podcast:  Will Neil Gorsuch be the next David Souter? On this week’s show, Carrie Severino, conservative activist and former clerk to Supreme Court Justice Clarence Thomas and conservative activist, and CBS News chief legal correspondent Jan Crawford joined CBS News chief White House correspondent Major Garrett and CBS News senior political editor Steve Chaggaris to talk about why Republicans are confident President Trump has found a bona fide conservative justice in Neil Gorsuch… and why Gorsuch is no David Souter - a justice appointed by a Republican president who ended up voting with liberals on the court. © 2017 CBS Interactive Inc. All Rights Reserved. Comment Share Tweet Stumble Email Featured 5 things never to put on a credit card Of all purchases financed with credit cards, here are five to avoid 10 most affordable U.S. cities to retire Fancy living somewhere with low taxes, affordable real estate and a reasonable cost of living? Read on Popular on CBS News From 60 Minutes Hidden magnets -- the next big cheat in cycling? The steps of finding refuge Jackie Kennedy's real White House tour Andy's inauguration trivia Obama and the 2008 general election Play Video Trump travel ban battle Play Video Flynn investigation Play Video Putin's dangerous game Play Video Town hall protests Play Video DeVos protesters Previous Next 26 Photos Notable deaths in 2017 23 Photos Best signs from women's marches around the world 28 Photos Crazy-looking fish from the deep sea 45 Photos Lady Gaga takes stage at Super Bowl 2017 45 Photos Trump's team Previous Next Most Discussed Why did White House cite "underreported" attacks that were widely covered? Rush for entry as court denies bid to reinstate travel ban Trump claims media is covering up terror attacks, citing no evidence Trump blasts "disgraceful" appeals court decision over travel ban Trump assails judge on Twitter over travel ban ruling New Fire TV App CBSNews.com Site Map Help Contact Us CBS Bios Careers CBSi Careers Internships Development Programs CBS Interactive Privacy Policy Ad Choice Terms of Use Mobile User Agreement About CBS Advertise Closed Captioning CBS News Store Follow Us Facebook Twitter RSS Email Newsletters YouTube CBS Radio News CBS Local CBS News Copyright © 2017 CBS Interactive Inc. All rights reserved. Search
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy   Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance VIVUS Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for VIVUS Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Blackrock Throgmorton Trust PLC (THRG) Increases Dividend to GBX 6.25 Per Share Pattern Energy Group Inc. (PEGI) Stock Rating Lowered by Zacks Investment Research Analysts Issue Forecasts for Akamai Technologies, Inc.’s Q1 2017 Earnings (AKAM) Allergan PLC. (AGN) Forecasted to Post Q1 2017 Earnings of $3.55 Per Share AngioDynamics, Inc. (ANGO) Receives $16.63 Average Target Price from Brokerages Sanatana Resources Inc (STA) Director Peter Leighton Miles Purchases 372,000 Shares of Stock Alexander & Baldwin Holdings, Inc. (ALEX) Director Stanley M. Kuriyama Sells 4,250 Shares Nicholas Financial, Inc. (NICK) Major Shareholder Magnolia Capital Fund, Lp Purchases 19,196 Shares Brokerages Anticipate Air Methods Corporation (AIRM) to Post $0.61 Earnings Per Share Owens Corning Inc (OC) Upgraded to Hold by Zacks Investment Research Avon Products, Inc. (AVP) Forecasted to Post Q1 2017 Earnings of $0.05 Per Share Analysts Offer Predictions for Camden Property Trust’s Q1 2017 Earnings (CPT) Jefferies Group Comments on CenturyLink, Inc.’s Q1 2017 Earnings (CTL) Brokerages Set Computer Programs and Systems, Inc. (CPSI) Price Target at $34.55 Seaport Global Securities Brokers Cut Earnings Estimates for Diamond Offshore Drilling, Inc. (DO) Daniel Kerzner Sells 36,000 Shares of Alarm.com Holdings, Inc. (ALRM) Stock Elissa Fink Sells 5,000 Shares of Tableau Software, Inc. (DATA) Stock Eaton Vance Tax-Managed Global Buy-Write (ETW) to Issue $0.10 Monthly Dividend Fiserv, Inc. to Post Q1 2017 Earnings of $1.18 Per Share, SunTrust Banks Forecasts (FISV) Marriott International (MAR) Receives $83.98 Average Target Price from Brokerages North Tide Capital, Llc Sells 78,633 Shares of VIVUS, Inc. (VVUS) Stock February 4th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Latisha Jones Filed Under: Finance - Insider Trades Tweet VIVUS, Inc. (NASDAQ:VVUS) major shareholder North Tide Capital, Llc sold 78,633 shares of VIVUS stock in a transaction on Friday, February 3rd. The shares were sold at an average price of $1.12, for a total value of $88,068.96. The sale was disclosed in a filing with the SEC, which is available through this hyperlink. Large shareholders that own at least 10% of a company’s stock are required to disclose their sales and purchases with the SEC. VIVUS, Inc. (NASDAQ:VVUS) opened at 1.10 on Friday. The company’s market capitalization is $115.33 million. The company has a 50 day moving average price of $1.19 and a 200-day moving average price of $1.15. VIVUS, Inc. has a 12-month low of $0.92 and a 12-month high of $1.85. VIVUS (NASDAQ:VVUS) last posted its quarterly earnings results on Wednesday, November 9th. The biopharmaceutical company reported ($0.09) earnings per share for the quarter, beating analysts’ consensus estimates of ($0.19) by $0.10. The business earned $13.40 million during the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $21.91 million. During the same quarter last year, the company posted ($0.15) EPS. The firm’s revenue was down 46.3% on a year-over-year basis. On average, analysts anticipate that VIVUS, Inc. will post ($0.09) EPS for the current year. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION WARNING: “North Tide Capital, Llc Sells 78,633 Shares of VIVUS, Inc. (VVUS) Stock” was reported by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are viewing this piece of content on another website, it was copied illegally and republished in violation of US & international trademark and copyright legislation. The original version of this piece of content can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/02/04/north-tide-capital-llc-sells-78633-shares-of-vivus-inc-vvus-stock.html. Hedge funds and other institutional investors have recently modified their holdings of the stock. JPMorgan Chase & Co. purchased a new position in shares of VIVUS during the second quarter worth approximately $101,000. Cornerstone Capital Management Holdings LLC. raised its position in shares of VIVUS by 204.3% in the third quarter. Cornerstone Capital Management Holdings LLC. now owns 92,500 shares of the biopharmaceutical company’s stock worth $105,000 after buying an additional 62,100 shares in the last quarter. Smith Asset Management Group LP raised its position in shares of VIVUS by 2.0% in the third quarter. Smith Asset Management Group LP now owns 123,280 shares of the biopharmaceutical company’s stock worth $141,000 after buying an additional 2,460 shares in the last quarter. LMR Partners LLP purchased a new position in shares of VIVUS during the second quarter worth approximately $154,000. Finally, Alpine Partners VI LLC purchased a new position in shares of VIVUS during the second quarter worth approximately $158,000. 35.68% of the stock is currently owned by hedge funds and other institutional investors. Separately, Zacks Investment Research raised VIVUS from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $1.25 price objective for the company in a report on Tuesday, November 8th. Four analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and one has assigned a buy rating to the company. VIVUS has an average rating of “Hold” and an average price target of $1.68. VIVUS Company Profile VIVUS, Inc is a biopharmaceutical company. The Company operates in the development and commercialization of therapeutic products segment. It provides over two therapies approved by the Food and Drug Association (FDA), which include Qsymia (phentermine and topiramate extended-release) for chronic weight management and STENDRA (avanafil) for erectile dysfunction (ED). Receive News & Ratings for VIVUS Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for VIVUS Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News White House Announces Conway Was Counseled Warren Receives Support After GOP Formally Silences Her Report: Trump Was Not Completely Briefed on Bannon NSC Seat Justice Department Will Challenge Stop to Travel Ban President Trump Cancels Harley-Davidson Trip Due to Possible Protests © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
BUSINESS Here's what's at stake as Trump moves to unravel Dodd-Frank Christopher J. Dodd and Barney Frank Saul Loeb / AFP/Getty Images The Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform Act is named after former Democratic Sens. Christopher J. Dodd, left, and Barney Frank, shown in 2010. The Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform Act is named after former Democratic Sens. Christopher J. Dodd, left, and Barney Frank, shown in 2010. (Saul Loeb / AFP/Getty Images) James Rufus KorenContact Reporter President Trump signed an executive order Friday that calls for his administration to review the landmark Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform Act, with an eye toward revising or eliminating parts of the 2010 law. An administration official told reporters that the law “in many respects was a piece of massive government overreach” and that some of the rules within the law, passed in the wake of last decade’s financial crisis, “may have even been unconstitutional.” So, what’s in Dodd-Frank, and what parts might the Trump administration be looking to revise? The answer to both is: a lot. Here are some big-ticket items. Consumer Financial Protection Bureau The administration official who previewed Friday’s executive order said the law had, among other things, created “new agencies that don’t actually protect consumers.” That’s a not-so-subtle swipe at the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau, an agency created by the Dodd-Frank act that has been a strict enforcer of consumer protection laws and that has crafted a bevy of new rules that apply to mortgage lenders, banks, credit card companies and other financial firms. The bureau’s rules have made it less attractive — though not illegal — for mortgage lenders to make some types of risky loans that went bad and sparked last decade’s financial crisis. The bureau also been working on rules that would prevent banks and other financial firms from blocking class-action lawsuits by consumers and would require payday lenders to do more underwriting. The bureau and its director, Richard Cordray, have been targets of Republican lawmakers, who argue that the bureau has been overly aggressive in enforcing rules and that its power should be crimped. Trump advisor Gary Cohn suggested in an interview with the Wall Street Journal that Trump may seek to replace Cordray, though Cordray’s term doesn’t expire until the middle of next year. Proprietary trading Dodd-Frank put limits on the kind of bets banks can make on their own behalf — also called proprietary trading. (Proprietary trades in mortgage-backed securities led to huge losses for banks in the lead-up to the financial crisis.) Under those limits, often referred to as the Volcker Rule after former Federal Reserve Chairman Paul Volcker, banks also are not supposed to make investments in certain riskier asset classes. The rule was meant to prevent banks from taking too much risk, though it’s been criticized for making it harder for banks to hold certain types of securities that customers might want to buy. JPMorgan Chase chief Jamie Dimon famously criticized the rule, saying regulators would need a psychiatrist to help determine whether a trade was proprietary. ‘Systemically important’ institutions Dodd-Frank created a new group of regulators, the Financial Stability Oversight Council, tasked with overseeing all finance firms — not just banks — whose failure could provoke a financial crisis. Those firms, selected by the Federal Reserve, are called “systemically important financial institutions.” Some firms that have been tagged with that title, including insurer MetLife, have fought the designation and the additional oversight that comes with it. Living wills In a rule aimed at preventing a repeat of crisis-era bank bailouts, Dodd-Frank calls for the nation’s largest banks to write “living wills” — essentially plans that show regulators how their operations would be wound down, run and sold off if they fail in another downturn. Wells Fargo & Co. has struggled to develop its plan, which regulators have cited as deficient. Executive compensation Most of Dodd-Frank is focused on banks and other financial institutions, but some elements cut across industries. One part of the law requires stock exchanges to require public companies to adopt rules that allow the companies to take back compensation paid to executives if it turns out that compensation was based on bad accounting. It also calls for shareholders to have a nonbinding vote on the pay packages for top executives. Caption 90 seconds: 4 stories you can't miss An appeals court has ruled: Trump's travel ban will remain blocked. Arrests made by federal immigration officials sparked a protest in downtown Los Angeles. L.A. planning commissions approve most zoning change requests, a Times analysis finds. Can robots replace bees? An appeals court has ruled: Trump's travel ban will remain blocked. Arrests made by federal immigration officials sparked a protest in downtown Los Angeles. L.A. planning commissions approve most zoning change requests, a Times analysis finds. Can robots replace bees? Caption 90 seconds: 4 stories you can't miss An appeals court has ruled: Trump's travel ban will remain blocked. Arrests made by federal immigration officials sparked a protest in downtown Los Angeles. L.A. planning commissions approve most zoning change requests, a Times analysis finds. Can robots replace bees? An appeals court has ruled: Trump's travel ban will remain blocked. Arrests made by federal immigration officials sparked a protest in downtown Los Angeles. L.A. planning commissions approve most zoning change requests, a Times analysis finds. Can robots replace bees? Caption 9th Circuit court refuses to reinstate travel ban A three-judge panel of the U.S. 9th Circuit Court of Appeals ruled that a Seattle federal judge’s earlier restraining order on the new policy should remain in effect while the judge further examines its legality.. A three-judge panel of the U.S. 9th Circuit Court of Appeals ruled that a Seattle federal judge’s earlier restraining order on the new policy should remain in effect while the judge further examines its legality.. Caption LaMelo Ball puts on a show He finishes with 27 points in Chino Hills victory He finishes with 27 points in Chino Hills victory Caption Immigration arrests in L.A. spark fear, outrage, but officials say they are routine Arrests sparked a protest in downtown Los Angeles Thursday evening. (Marcus Yam / Los Angeles Times) Arrests sparked a protest in downtown Los Angeles Thursday evening. (Marcus Yam / Los Angeles Times) Caption Eagles of Death Metal and Colin Hanks on their documentary 'Nos Amis' Members of the the band Eagles of Death Metal discuss their relationship with director Colin Hanks and their approach to making the HBO documentary "Eagles of Death Metal: Nos Amis (Our Friends)." Members of the the band Eagles of Death Metal discuss their relationship with director Colin Hanks and their approach to making the HBO documentary "Eagles of Death Metal: Nos Amis (Our Friends)." james.koren@latimes.com Follow me: @jrkoren ALSO Everything you need to know about Snapchat and Snap's IPO Trump's threats to booming Mexico auto industry have executives' heads spinning After initial optimism about the economy, some investors begin to worry about a 'Trump slump'   UPDATES: 10:45 a.m.: The article has been updated to report that President Trump has signed the executive order. Privacy Policy Copyright © 2017, Los Angeles Times Donald Trump Richard Cordray Federal Reserve Wells Fargo JPMorgan Chase & Co. ICE says L.A. immigration arrests were planned long in advance, not tied to new crackdown With billions at stake, a federal judge just nullified the GOP's most cynical attack on Obamacare Inside the frantic fight to protect Oroville dam, nation's tallest, as spillway rapidly erodes Most Popular Local Sports Entertainment Politics Opinion Place An Ad 61°
BUSINESS Here's what's at stake as Trump moves to unravel Dodd-Frank Christopher J. Dodd and Barney Frank Saul Loeb / AFP/Getty Images The Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform Act is named after former Democratic Sens. Christopher J. Dodd, left, and Barney Frank, shown in 2010. The Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform Act is named after former Democratic Sens. Christopher J. Dodd, left, and Barney Frank, shown in 2010. (Saul Loeb / AFP/Getty Images) James Rufus KorenContact Reporter President Trump signed an executive order Friday that calls for his administration to review the landmark Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform Act, with an eye toward revising or eliminating parts of the 2010 law. An administration official told reporters that the law “in many respects was a piece of massive government overreach” and that some of the rules within the law, passed in the wake of last decade’s financial crisis, “may have even been unconstitutional.” So, what’s in Dodd-Frank, and what parts might the Trump administration be looking to revise? The answer to both is: a lot. Here are some big-ticket items. Consumer Financial Protection Bureau The administration official who previewed Friday’s executive order said the law had, among other things, created “new agencies that don’t actually protect consumers.” That’s a not-so-subtle swipe at the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau, an agency created by the Dodd-Frank act that has been a strict enforcer of consumer protection laws and that has crafted a bevy of new rules that apply to mortgage lenders, banks, credit card companies and other financial firms. The bureau’s rules have made it less attractive — though not illegal — for mortgage lenders to make some types of risky loans that went bad and sparked last decade’s financial crisis. The bureau also been working on rules that would prevent banks and other financial firms from blocking class-action lawsuits by consumers and would require payday lenders to do more underwriting. The bureau and its director, Richard Cordray, have been targets of Republican lawmakers, who argue that the bureau has been overly aggressive in enforcing rules and that its power should be crimped. Trump advisor Gary Cohn suggested in an interview with the Wall Street Journal that Trump may seek to replace Cordray, though Cordray’s term doesn’t expire until the middle of next year. Proprietary trading Dodd-Frank put limits on the kind of bets banks can make on their own behalf — also called proprietary trading. (Proprietary trades in mortgage-backed securities led to huge losses for banks in the lead-up to the financial crisis.) Under those limits, often referred to as the Volcker Rule after former Federal Reserve Chairman Paul Volcker, banks also are not supposed to make investments in certain riskier asset classes. The rule was meant to prevent banks from taking too much risk, though it’s been criticized for making it harder for banks to hold certain types of securities that customers might want to buy. JPMorgan Chase chief Jamie Dimon famously criticized the rule, saying regulators would need a psychiatrist to help determine whether a trade was proprietary. ‘Systemically important’ institutions Dodd-Frank created a new group of regulators, the Financial Stability Oversight Council, tasked with overseeing all finance firms — not just banks — whose failure could provoke a financial crisis. Those firms, selected by the Federal Reserve, are called “systemically important financial institutions.” Some firms that have been tagged with that title, including insurer MetLife, have fought the designation and the additional oversight that comes with it. Living wills In a rule aimed at preventing a repeat of crisis-era bank bailouts, Dodd-Frank calls for the nation’s largest banks to write “living wills” — essentially plans that show regulators how their operations would be wound down, run and sold off if they fail in another downturn. Wells Fargo & Co. has struggled to develop its plan, which regulators have cited as deficient. Executive compensation Most of Dodd-Frank is focused on banks and other financial institutions, but some elements cut across industries. One part of the law requires stock exchanges to require public companies to adopt rules that allow the companies to take back compensation paid to executives if it turns out that compensation was based on bad accounting. It also calls for shareholders to have a nonbinding vote on the pay packages for top executives. Caption 90 seconds: 4 stories you can't miss An appeals court has ruled: Trump's travel ban will remain blocked. Arrests made by federal immigration officials sparked a protest in downtown Los Angeles. L.A. planning commissions approve most zoning change requests, a Times analysis finds. Can robots replace bees? An appeals court has ruled: Trump's travel ban will remain blocked. Arrests made by federal immigration officials sparked a protest in downtown Los Angeles. L.A. planning commissions approve most zoning change requests, a Times analysis finds. Can robots replace bees? Caption 90 seconds: 4 stories you can't miss An appeals court has ruled: Trump's travel ban will remain blocked. Arrests made by federal immigration officials sparked a protest in downtown Los Angeles. L.A. planning commissions approve most zoning change requests, a Times analysis finds. Can robots replace bees? An appeals court has ruled: Trump's travel ban will remain blocked. Arrests made by federal immigration officials sparked a protest in downtown Los Angeles. L.A. planning commissions approve most zoning change requests, a Times analysis finds. Can robots replace bees? Caption 9th Circuit court refuses to reinstate travel ban A three-judge panel of the U.S. 9th Circuit Court of Appeals ruled that a Seattle federal judge’s earlier restraining order on the new policy should remain in effect while the judge further examines its legality.. A three-judge panel of the U.S. 9th Circuit Court of Appeals ruled that a Seattle federal judge’s earlier restraining order on the new policy should remain in effect while the judge further examines its legality.. Caption LaMelo Ball puts on a show He finishes with 27 points in Chino Hills victory He finishes with 27 points in Chino Hills victory Caption Immigration arrests in L.A. spark fear, outrage, but officials say they are routine Arrests sparked a protest in downtown Los Angeles Thursday evening. (Marcus Yam / Los Angeles Times) Arrests sparked a protest in downtown Los Angeles Thursday evening. (Marcus Yam / Los Angeles Times) Caption Eagles of Death Metal and Colin Hanks on their documentary 'Nos Amis' Members of the the band Eagles of Death Metal discuss their relationship with director Colin Hanks and their approach to making the HBO documentary "Eagles of Death Metal: Nos Amis (Our Friends)." Members of the the band Eagles of Death Metal discuss their relationship with director Colin Hanks and their approach to making the HBO documentary "Eagles of Death Metal: Nos Amis (Our Friends)." james.koren@latimes.com Follow me: @jrkoren ALSO Everything you need to know about Snapchat and Snap's IPO Trump's threats to booming Mexico auto industry have executives' heads spinning After initial optimism about the economy, some investors begin to worry about a 'Trump slump'   UPDATES: 10:45 a.m.: The article has been updated to report that President Trump has signed the executive order. Privacy Policy Copyright © 2017, Los Angeles Times Donald Trump Richard Cordray Federal Reserve Wells Fargo JPMorgan Chase & Co. ICE says L.A. immigration arrests were planned long in advance, not tied to new crackdown With billions at stake, a federal judge just nullified the GOP's most cynical attack on Obamacare Inside the frantic fight to protect Oroville dam, nation's tallest, as spillway rapidly erodes Most Popular Local Sports Entertainment Politics Opinion Place An Ad 61°
BUSINESS Here's what's at stake as Trump moves to unravel Dodd-Frank Christopher J. Dodd and Barney Frank Saul Loeb / AFP/Getty Images The Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform Act is named after former Democratic Sens. Christopher J. Dodd, left, and Barney Frank, shown in 2010. The Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform Act is named after former Democratic Sens. Christopher J. Dodd, left, and Barney Frank, shown in 2010. (Saul Loeb / AFP/Getty Images) James Rufus KorenContact Reporter President Trump signed an executive order Friday that calls for his administration to review the landmark Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform Act, with an eye toward revising or eliminating parts of the 2010 law. An administration official told reporters that the law “in many respects was a piece of massive government overreach” and that some of the rules within the law, passed in the wake of last decade’s financial crisis, “may have even been unconstitutional.” So, what’s in Dodd-Frank, and what parts might the Trump administration be looking to revise? The answer to both is: a lot. Here are some big-ticket items. Consumer Financial Protection Bureau The administration official who previewed Friday’s executive order said the law had, among other things, created “new agencies that don’t actually protect consumers.” That’s a not-so-subtle swipe at the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau, an agency created by the Dodd-Frank act that has been a strict enforcer of consumer protection laws and that has crafted a bevy of new rules that apply to mortgage lenders, banks, credit card companies and other financial firms. The bureau’s rules have made it less attractive — though not illegal — for mortgage lenders to make some types of risky loans that went bad and sparked last decade’s financial crisis. The bureau also been working on rules that would prevent banks and other financial firms from blocking class-action lawsuits by consumers and would require payday lenders to do more underwriting. The bureau and its director, Richard Cordray, have been targets of Republican lawmakers, who argue that the bureau has been overly aggressive in enforcing rules and that its power should be crimped. Trump advisor Gary Cohn suggested in an interview with the Wall Street Journal that Trump may seek to replace Cordray, though Cordray’s term doesn’t expire until the middle of next year. Proprietary trading Dodd-Frank put limits on the kind of bets banks can make on their own behalf — also called proprietary trading. (Proprietary trades in mortgage-backed securities led to huge losses for banks in the lead-up to the financial crisis.) Under those limits, often referred to as the Volcker Rule after former Federal Reserve Chairman Paul Volcker, banks also are not supposed to make investments in certain riskier asset classes. The rule was meant to prevent banks from taking too much risk, though it’s been criticized for making it harder for banks to hold certain types of securities that customers might want to buy. JPMorgan Chase chief Jamie Dimon famously criticized the rule, saying regulators would need a psychiatrist to help determine whether a trade was proprietary. ‘Systemically important’ institutions Dodd-Frank created a new group of regulators, the Financial Stability Oversight Council, tasked with overseeing all finance firms — not just banks — whose failure could provoke a financial crisis. Those firms, selected by the Federal Reserve, are called “systemically important financial institutions.” Some firms that have been tagged with that title, including insurer MetLife, have fought the designation and the additional oversight that comes with it. Living wills In a rule aimed at preventing a repeat of crisis-era bank bailouts, Dodd-Frank calls for the nation’s largest banks to write “living wills” — essentially plans that show regulators how their operations would be wound down, run and sold off if they fail in another downturn. Wells Fargo & Co. has struggled to develop its plan, which regulators have cited as deficient. Executive compensation Most of Dodd-Frank is focused on banks and other financial institutions, but some elements cut across industries. One part of the law requires stock exchanges to require public companies to adopt rules that allow the companies to take back compensation paid to executives if it turns out that compensation was based on bad accounting. It also calls for shareholders to have a nonbinding vote on the pay packages for top executives. Caption 90 seconds: 4 stories you can't miss An appeals court has ruled: Trump's travel ban will remain blocked. Arrests made by federal immigration officials sparked a protest in downtown Los Angeles. L.A. planning commissions approve most zoning change requests, a Times analysis finds. Can robots replace bees? An appeals court has ruled: Trump's travel ban will remain blocked. Arrests made by federal immigration officials sparked a protest in downtown Los Angeles. L.A. planning commissions approve most zoning change requests, a Times analysis finds. Can robots replace bees? Caption 90 seconds: 4 stories you can't miss An appeals court has ruled: Trump's travel ban will remain blocked. Arrests made by federal immigration officials sparked a protest in downtown Los Angeles. L.A. planning commissions approve most zoning change requests, a Times analysis finds. Can robots replace bees? An appeals court has ruled: Trump's travel ban will remain blocked. Arrests made by federal immigration officials sparked a protest in downtown Los Angeles. L.A. planning commissions approve most zoning change requests, a Times analysis finds. Can robots replace bees? Caption 9th Circuit court refuses to reinstate travel ban A three-judge panel of the U.S. 9th Circuit Court of Appeals ruled that a Seattle federal judge’s earlier restraining order on the new policy should remain in effect while the judge further examines its legality.. A three-judge panel of the U.S. 9th Circuit Court of Appeals ruled that a Seattle federal judge’s earlier restraining order on the new policy should remain in effect while the judge further examines its legality.. Caption LaMelo Ball puts on a show He finishes with 27 points in Chino Hills victory He finishes with 27 points in Chino Hills victory Caption Immigration arrests in L.A. spark fear, outrage, but officials say they are routine Arrests sparked a protest in downtown Los Angeles Thursday evening. (Marcus Yam / Los Angeles Times) Arrests sparked a protest in downtown Los Angeles Thursday evening. (Marcus Yam / Los Angeles Times) Caption Eagles of Death Metal and Colin Hanks on their documentary 'Nos Amis' Members of the the band Eagles of Death Metal discuss their relationship with director Colin Hanks and their approach to making the HBO documentary "Eagles of Death Metal: Nos Amis (Our Friends)." Members of the the band Eagles of Death Metal discuss their relationship with director Colin Hanks and their approach to making the HBO documentary "Eagles of Death Metal: Nos Amis (Our Friends)." james.koren@latimes.com Follow me: @jrkoren ALSO Everything you need to know about Snapchat and Snap's IPO Trump's threats to booming Mexico auto industry have executives' heads spinning After initial optimism about the economy, some investors begin to worry about a 'Trump slump'   UPDATES: 10:45 a.m.: The article has been updated to report that President Trump has signed the executive order. Privacy Policy Copyright © 2017, Los Angeles Times Donald Trump Richard Cordray Federal Reserve Wells Fargo JPMorgan Chase & Co. ICE says L.A. immigration arrests were planned long in advance, not tied to new crackdown With billions at stake, a federal judge just nullified the GOP's most cynical attack on Obamacare Inside the frantic fight to protect Oroville dam, nation's tallest, as spillway rapidly erodes Most Popular Local Sports Entertainment Politics Opinion Place An Ad 61°
BUSINESS Here's what's at stake as Trump moves to unravel Dodd-Frank Christopher J. Dodd and Barney Frank Saul Loeb / AFP/Getty Images The Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform Act is named after former Democratic Sens. Christopher J. Dodd, left, and Barney Frank, shown in 2010. The Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform Act is named after former Democratic Sens. Christopher J. Dodd, left, and Barney Frank, shown in 2010. (Saul Loeb / AFP/Getty Images) James Rufus KorenContact Reporter President Trump signed an executive order Friday that calls for his administration to review the landmark Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform Act, with an eye toward revising or eliminating parts of the 2010 law. An administration official told reporters that the law “in many respects was a piece of massive government overreach” and that some of the rules within the law, passed in the wake of last decade’s financial crisis, “may have even been unconstitutional.” So, what’s in Dodd-Frank, and what parts might the Trump administration be looking to revise? The answer to both is: a lot. Here are some big-ticket items. Consumer Financial Protection Bureau The administration official who previewed Friday’s executive order said the law had, among other things, created “new agencies that don’t actually protect consumers.” That’s a not-so-subtle swipe at the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau, an agency created by the Dodd-Frank act that has been a strict enforcer of consumer protection laws and that has crafted a bevy of new rules that apply to mortgage lenders, banks, credit card companies and other financial firms. The bureau’s rules have made it less attractive — though not illegal — for mortgage lenders to make some types of risky loans that went bad and sparked last decade’s financial crisis. The bureau also been working on rules that would prevent banks and other financial firms from blocking class-action lawsuits by consumers and would require payday lenders to do more underwriting. The bureau and its director, Richard Cordray, have been targets of Republican lawmakers, who argue that the bureau has been overly aggressive in enforcing rules and that its power should be crimped. Trump advisor Gary Cohn suggested in an interview with the Wall Street Journal that Trump may seek to replace Cordray, though Cordray’s term doesn’t expire until the middle of next year. Proprietary trading Dodd-Frank put limits on the kind of bets banks can make on their own behalf — also called proprietary trading. (Proprietary trades in mortgage-backed securities led to huge losses for banks in the lead-up to the financial crisis.) Under those limits, often referred to as the Volcker Rule after former Federal Reserve Chairman Paul Volcker, banks also are not supposed to make investments in certain riskier asset classes. The rule was meant to prevent banks from taking too much risk, though it’s been criticized for making it harder for banks to hold certain types of securities that customers might want to buy. JPMorgan Chase chief Jamie Dimon famously criticized the rule, saying regulators would need a psychiatrist to help determine whether a trade was proprietary. ‘Systemically important’ institutions Dodd-Frank created a new group of regulators, the Financial Stability Oversight Council, tasked with overseeing all finance firms — not just banks — whose failure could provoke a financial crisis. Those firms, selected by the Federal Reserve, are called “systemically important financial institutions.” Some firms that have been tagged with that title, including insurer MetLife, have fought the designation and the additional oversight that comes with it. Living wills In a rule aimed at preventing a repeat of crisis-era bank bailouts, Dodd-Frank calls for the nation’s largest banks to write “living wills” — essentially plans that show regulators how their operations would be wound down, run and sold off if they fail in another downturn. Wells Fargo & Co. has struggled to develop its plan, which regulators have cited as deficient. Executive compensation Most of Dodd-Frank is focused on banks and other financial institutions, but some elements cut across industries. One part of the law requires stock exchanges to require public companies to adopt rules that allow the companies to take back compensation paid to executives if it turns out that compensation was based on bad accounting. It also calls for shareholders to have a nonbinding vote on the pay packages for top executives. Caption 90 seconds: 4 stories you can't miss An appeals court has ruled: Trump's travel ban will remain blocked. Arrests made by federal immigration officials sparked a protest in downtown Los Angeles. L.A. planning commissions approve most zoning change requests, a Times analysis finds. Can robots replace bees? An appeals court has ruled: Trump's travel ban will remain blocked. Arrests made by federal immigration officials sparked a protest in downtown Los Angeles. L.A. planning commissions approve most zoning change requests, a Times analysis finds. Can robots replace bees? Caption 90 seconds: 4 stories you can't miss An appeals court has ruled: Trump's travel ban will remain blocked. Arrests made by federal immigration officials sparked a protest in downtown Los Angeles. L.A. planning commissions approve most zoning change requests, a Times analysis finds. Can robots replace bees? An appeals court has ruled: Trump's travel ban will remain blocked. Arrests made by federal immigration officials sparked a protest in downtown Los Angeles. L.A. planning commissions approve most zoning change requests, a Times analysis finds. Can robots replace bees? Caption 9th Circuit court refuses to reinstate travel ban A three-judge panel of the U.S. 9th Circuit Court of Appeals ruled that a Seattle federal judge’s earlier restraining order on the new policy should remain in effect while the judge further examines its legality.. A three-judge panel of the U.S. 9th Circuit Court of Appeals ruled that a Seattle federal judge’s earlier restraining order on the new policy should remain in effect while the judge further examines its legality.. Caption LaMelo Ball puts on a show He finishes with 27 points in Chino Hills victory He finishes with 27 points in Chino Hills victory Caption Immigration arrests in L.A. spark fear, outrage, but officials say they are routine Arrests sparked a protest in downtown Los Angeles Thursday evening. (Marcus Yam / Los Angeles Times) Arrests sparked a protest in downtown Los Angeles Thursday evening. (Marcus Yam / Los Angeles Times) Caption Eagles of Death Metal and Colin Hanks on their documentary 'Nos Amis' Members of the the band Eagles of Death Metal discuss their relationship with director Colin Hanks and their approach to making the HBO documentary "Eagles of Death Metal: Nos Amis (Our Friends)." Members of the the band Eagles of Death Metal discuss their relationship with director Colin Hanks and their approach to making the HBO documentary "Eagles of Death Metal: Nos Amis (Our Friends)." james.koren@latimes.com Follow me: @jrkoren ALSO Everything you need to know about Snapchat and Snap's IPO Trump's threats to booming Mexico auto industry have executives' heads spinning After initial optimism about the economy, some investors begin to worry about a 'Trump slump'   UPDATES: 10:45 a.m.: The article has been updated to report that President Trump has signed the executive order. Privacy Policy Copyright © 2017, Los Angeles Times Donald Trump Richard Cordray Federal Reserve Wells Fargo JPMorgan Chase & Co. ICE says L.A. immigration arrests were planned long in advance, not tied to new crackdown With billions at stake, a federal judge just nullified the GOP's most cynical attack on Obamacare Inside the frantic fight to protect Oroville dam, nation's tallest, as spillway rapidly erodes Most Popular Local Sports Entertainment Politics Opinion Place An Ad 61°
BUSINESS Here's what's at stake as Trump moves to unravel Dodd-Frank Christopher J. Dodd and Barney Frank Saul Loeb / AFP/Getty Images The Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform Act is named after former Democratic Sens. Christopher J. Dodd, left, and Barney Frank, shown in 2010. The Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform Act is named after former Democratic Sens. Christopher J. Dodd, left, and Barney Frank, shown in 2010. (Saul Loeb / AFP/Getty Images) James Rufus KorenContact Reporter President Trump signed an executive order Friday that calls for his administration to review the landmark Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform Act, with an eye toward revising or eliminating parts of the 2010 law. An administration official told reporters that the law “in many respects was a piece of massive government overreach” and that some of the rules within the law, passed in the wake of last decade’s financial crisis, “may have even been unconstitutional.” So, what’s in Dodd-Frank, and what parts might the Trump administration be looking to revise? The answer to both is: a lot. Here are some big-ticket items. Consumer Financial Protection Bureau The administration official who previewed Friday’s executive order said the law had, among other things, created “new agencies that don’t actually protect consumers.” That’s a not-so-subtle swipe at the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau, an agency created by the Dodd-Frank act that has been a strict enforcer of consumer protection laws and that has crafted a bevy of new rules that apply to mortgage lenders, banks, credit card companies and other financial firms. The bureau’s rules have made it less attractive — though not illegal — for mortgage lenders to make some types of risky loans that went bad and sparked last decade’s financial crisis. The bureau also been working on rules that would prevent banks and other financial firms from blocking class-action lawsuits by consumers and would require payday lenders to do more underwriting. The bureau and its director, Richard Cordray, have been targets of Republican lawmakers, who argue that the bureau has been overly aggressive in enforcing rules and that its power should be crimped. Trump advisor Gary Cohn suggested in an interview with the Wall Street Journal that Trump may seek to replace Cordray, though Cordray’s term doesn’t expire until the middle of next year. Proprietary trading Dodd-Frank put limits on the kind of bets banks can make on their own behalf — also called proprietary trading. (Proprietary trades in mortgage-backed securities led to huge losses for banks in the lead-up to the financial crisis.) Under those limits, often referred to as the Volcker Rule after former Federal Reserve Chairman Paul Volcker, banks also are not supposed to make investments in certain riskier asset classes. The rule was meant to prevent banks from taking too much risk, though it’s been criticized for making it harder for banks to hold certain types of securities that customers might want to buy. JPMorgan Chase chief Jamie Dimon famously criticized the rule, saying regulators would need a psychiatrist to help determine whether a trade was proprietary. ‘Systemically important’ institutions Dodd-Frank created a new group of regulators, the Financial Stability Oversight Council, tasked with overseeing all finance firms — not just banks — whose failure could provoke a financial crisis. Those firms, selected by the Federal Reserve, are called “systemically important financial institutions.” Some firms that have been tagged with that title, including insurer MetLife, have fought the designation and the additional oversight that comes with it. Living wills In a rule aimed at preventing a repeat of crisis-era bank bailouts, Dodd-Frank calls for the nation’s largest banks to write “living wills” — essentially plans that show regulators how their operations would be wound down, run and sold off if they fail in another downturn. Wells Fargo & Co. has struggled to develop its plan, which regulators have cited as deficient. Executive compensation Most of Dodd-Frank is focused on banks and other financial institutions, but some elements cut across industries. One part of the law requires stock exchanges to require public companies to adopt rules that allow the companies to take back compensation paid to executives if it turns out that compensation was based on bad accounting. It also calls for shareholders to have a nonbinding vote on the pay packages for top executives. Caption 90 seconds: 4 stories you can't miss An appeals court has ruled: Trump's travel ban will remain blocked. Arrests made by federal immigration officials sparked a protest in downtown Los Angeles. L.A. planning commissions approve most zoning change requests, a Times analysis finds. Can robots replace bees? An appeals court has ruled: Trump's travel ban will remain blocked. Arrests made by federal immigration officials sparked a protest in downtown Los Angeles. L.A. planning commissions approve most zoning change requests, a Times analysis finds. Can robots replace bees? Caption 90 seconds: 4 stories you can't miss An appeals court has ruled: Trump's travel ban will remain blocked. Arrests made by federal immigration officials sparked a protest in downtown Los Angeles. L.A. planning commissions approve most zoning change requests, a Times analysis finds. Can robots replace bees? An appeals court has ruled: Trump's travel ban will remain blocked. Arrests made by federal immigration officials sparked a protest in downtown Los Angeles. L.A. planning commissions approve most zoning change requests, a Times analysis finds. Can robots replace bees? Caption 9th Circuit court refuses to reinstate travel ban A three-judge panel of the U.S. 9th Circuit Court of Appeals ruled that a Seattle federal judge’s earlier restraining order on the new policy should remain in effect while the judge further examines its legality.. A three-judge panel of the U.S. 9th Circuit Court of Appeals ruled that a Seattle federal judge’s earlier restraining order on the new policy should remain in effect while the judge further examines its legality.. Caption LaMelo Ball puts on a show He finishes with 27 points in Chino Hills victory He finishes with 27 points in Chino Hills victory Caption Immigration arrests in L.A. spark fear, outrage, but officials say they are routine Arrests sparked a protest in downtown Los Angeles Thursday evening. (Marcus Yam / Los Angeles Times) Arrests sparked a protest in downtown Los Angeles Thursday evening. (Marcus Yam / Los Angeles Times) Caption Eagles of Death Metal and Colin Hanks on their documentary 'Nos Amis' Members of the the band Eagles of Death Metal discuss their relationship with director Colin Hanks and their approach to making the HBO documentary "Eagles of Death Metal: Nos Amis (Our Friends)." Members of the the band Eagles of Death Metal discuss their relationship with director Colin Hanks and their approach to making the HBO documentary "Eagles of Death Metal: Nos Amis (Our Friends)." james.koren@latimes.com Follow me: @jrkoren ALSO Everything you need to know about Snapchat and Snap's IPO Trump's threats to booming Mexico auto industry have executives' heads spinning After initial optimism about the economy, some investors begin to worry about a 'Trump slump'   UPDATES: 10:45 a.m.: The article has been updated to report that President Trump has signed the executive order. Privacy Policy Copyright © 2017, Los Angeles Times Donald Trump Richard Cordray Federal Reserve Wells Fargo JPMorgan Chase & Co. ICE says L.A. immigration arrests were planned long in advance, not tied to new crackdown With billions at stake, a federal judge just nullified the GOP's most cynical attack on Obamacare Inside the frantic fight to protect Oroville dam, nation's tallest, as spillway rapidly erodes Most Popular Local Sports Entertainment Politics Opinion Place An Ad 61°
BUSINESS Here's what's at stake as Trump moves to unravel Dodd-Frank Christopher J. Dodd and Barney Frank Saul Loeb / AFP/Getty Images The Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform Act is named after former Democratic Sens. Christopher J. Dodd, left, and Barney Frank, shown in 2010. The Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform Act is named after former Democratic Sens. Christopher J. Dodd, left, and Barney Frank, shown in 2010. (Saul Loeb / AFP/Getty Images) James Rufus KorenContact Reporter President Trump signed an executive order Friday that calls for his administration to review the landmark Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform Act, with an eye toward revising or eliminating parts of the 2010 law. An administration official told reporters that the law “in many respects was a piece of massive government overreach” and that some of the rules within the law, passed in the wake of last decade’s financial crisis, “may have even been unconstitutional.” So, what’s in Dodd-Frank, and what parts might the Trump administration be looking to revise? The answer to both is: a lot. Here are some big-ticket items. Consumer Financial Protection Bureau The administration official who previewed Friday’s executive order said the law had, among other things, created “new agencies that don’t actually protect consumers.” That’s a not-so-subtle swipe at the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau, an agency created by the Dodd-Frank act that has been a strict enforcer of consumer protection laws and that has crafted a bevy of new rules that apply to mortgage lenders, banks, credit card companies and other financial firms. The bureau’s rules have made it less attractive — though not illegal — for mortgage lenders to make some types of risky loans that went bad and sparked last decade’s financial crisis. The bureau also been working on rules that would prevent banks and other financial firms from blocking class-action lawsuits by consumers and would require payday lenders to do more underwriting. The bureau and its director, Richard Cordray, have been targets of Republican lawmakers, who argue that the bureau has been overly aggressive in enforcing rules and that its power should be crimped. Trump advisor Gary Cohn suggested in an interview with the Wall Street Journal that Trump may seek to replace Cordray, though Cordray’s term doesn’t expire until the middle of next year. Proprietary trading Dodd-Frank put limits on the kind of bets banks can make on their own behalf — also called proprietary trading. (Proprietary trades in mortgage-backed securities led to huge losses for banks in the lead-up to the financial crisis.) Under those limits, often referred to as the Volcker Rule after former Federal Reserve Chairman Paul Volcker, banks also are not supposed to make investments in certain riskier asset classes. The rule was meant to prevent banks from taking too much risk, though it’s been criticized for making it harder for banks to hold certain types of securities that customers might want to buy. JPMorgan Chase chief Jamie Dimon famously criticized the rule, saying regulators would need a psychiatrist to help determine whether a trade was proprietary. ‘Systemically important’ institutions Dodd-Frank created a new group of regulators, the Financial Stability Oversight Council, tasked with overseeing all finance firms — not just banks — whose failure could provoke a financial crisis. Those firms, selected by the Federal Reserve, are called “systemically important financial institutions.” Some firms that have been tagged with that title, including insurer MetLife, have fought the designation and the additional oversight that comes with it. Living wills In a rule aimed at preventing a repeat of crisis-era bank bailouts, Dodd-Frank calls for the nation’s largest banks to write “living wills” — essentially plans that show regulators how their operations would be wound down, run and sold off if they fail in another downturn. Wells Fargo & Co. has struggled to develop its plan, which regulators have cited as deficient. Executive compensation Most of Dodd-Frank is focused on banks and other financial institutions, but some elements cut across industries. One part of the law requires stock exchanges to require public companies to adopt rules that allow the companies to take back compensation paid to executives if it turns out that compensation was based on bad accounting. It also calls for shareholders to have a nonbinding vote on the pay packages for top executives. Caption 90 seconds: 4 stories you can't miss An appeals court has ruled: Trump's travel ban will remain blocked. Arrests made by federal immigration officials sparked a protest in downtown Los Angeles. L.A. planning commissions approve most zoning change requests, a Times analysis finds. Can robots replace bees? An appeals court has ruled: Trump's travel ban will remain blocked. Arrests made by federal immigration officials sparked a protest in downtown Los Angeles. L.A. planning commissions approve most zoning change requests, a Times analysis finds. Can robots replace bees? Caption 90 seconds: 4 stories you can't miss An appeals court has ruled: Trump's travel ban will remain blocked. Arrests made by federal immigration officials sparked a protest in downtown Los Angeles. L.A. planning commissions approve most zoning change requests, a Times analysis finds. Can robots replace bees? An appeals court has ruled: Trump's travel ban will remain blocked. Arrests made by federal immigration officials sparked a protest in downtown Los Angeles. L.A. planning commissions approve most zoning change requests, a Times analysis finds. Can robots replace bees? Caption 9th Circuit court refuses to reinstate travel ban A three-judge panel of the U.S. 9th Circuit Court of Appeals ruled that a Seattle federal judge’s earlier restraining order on the new policy should remain in effect while the judge further examines its legality.. A three-judge panel of the U.S. 9th Circuit Court of Appeals ruled that a Seattle federal judge’s earlier restraining order on the new policy should remain in effect while the judge further examines its legality.. Caption LaMelo Ball puts on a show He finishes with 27 points in Chino Hills victory He finishes with 27 points in Chino Hills victory Caption Immigration arrests in L.A. spark fear, outrage, but officials say they are routine Arrests sparked a protest in downtown Los Angeles Thursday evening. (Marcus Yam / Los Angeles Times) Arrests sparked a protest in downtown Los Angeles Thursday evening. (Marcus Yam / Los Angeles Times) Caption Eagles of Death Metal and Colin Hanks on their documentary 'Nos Amis' Members of the the band Eagles of Death Metal discuss their relationship with director Colin Hanks and their approach to making the HBO documentary "Eagles of Death Metal: Nos Amis (Our Friends)." Members of the the band Eagles of Death Metal discuss their relationship with director Colin Hanks and their approach to making the HBO documentary "Eagles of Death Metal: Nos Amis (Our Friends)." james.koren@latimes.com Follow me: @jrkoren ALSO Everything you need to know about Snapchat and Snap's IPO Trump's threats to booming Mexico auto industry have executives' heads spinning After initial optimism about the economy, some investors begin to worry about a 'Trump slump'   UPDATES: 10:45 a.m.: The article has been updated to report that President Trump has signed the executive order. Privacy Policy Copyright © 2017, Los Angeles Times Donald Trump Richard Cordray Federal Reserve Wells Fargo JPMorgan Chase & Co. ICE says L.A. immigration arrests were planned long in advance, not tied to new crackdown With billions at stake, a federal judge just nullified the GOP's most cynical attack on Obamacare Inside the frantic fight to protect Oroville dam, nation's tallest, as spillway rapidly erodes Most Popular Local Sports Entertainment Politics Opinion Place An Ad 61°
BUSINESS Here's what's at stake as Trump moves to unravel Dodd-Frank Christopher J. Dodd and Barney Frank Saul Loeb / AFP/Getty Images The Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform Act is named after former Democratic Sens. Christopher J. Dodd, left, and Barney Frank, shown in 2010. The Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform Act is named after former Democratic Sens. Christopher J. Dodd, left, and Barney Frank, shown in 2010. (Saul Loeb / AFP/Getty Images) James Rufus KorenContact Reporter President Trump signed an executive order Friday that calls for his administration to review the landmark Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform Act, with an eye toward revising or eliminating parts of the 2010 law. An administration official told reporters that the law “in many respects was a piece of massive government overreach” and that some of the rules within the law, passed in the wake of last decade’s financial crisis, “may have even been unconstitutional.” So, what’s in Dodd-Frank, and what parts might the Trump administration be looking to revise? The answer to both is: a lot. Here are some big-ticket items. Consumer Financial Protection Bureau The administration official who previewed Friday’s executive order said the law had, among other things, created “new agencies that don’t actually protect consumers.” That’s a not-so-subtle swipe at the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau, an agency created by the Dodd-Frank act that has been a strict enforcer of consumer protection laws and that has crafted a bevy of new rules that apply to mortgage lenders, banks, credit card companies and other financial firms. The bureau’s rules have made it less attractive — though not illegal — for mortgage lenders to make some types of risky loans that went bad and sparked last decade’s financial crisis. The bureau also been working on rules that would prevent banks and other financial firms from blocking class-action lawsuits by consumers and would require payday lenders to do more underwriting. The bureau and its director, Richard Cordray, have been targets of Republican lawmakers, who argue that the bureau has been overly aggressive in enforcing rules and that its power should be crimped. Trump advisor Gary Cohn suggested in an interview with the Wall Street Journal that Trump may seek to replace Cordray, though Cordray’s term doesn’t expire until the middle of next year. Proprietary trading Dodd-Frank put limits on the kind of bets banks can make on their own behalf — also called proprietary trading. (Proprietary trades in mortgage-backed securities led to huge losses for banks in the lead-up to the financial crisis.) Under those limits, often referred to as the Volcker Rule after former Federal Reserve Chairman Paul Volcker, banks also are not supposed to make investments in certain riskier asset classes. The rule was meant to prevent banks from taking too much risk, though it’s been criticized for making it harder for banks to hold certain types of securities that customers might want to buy. JPMorgan Chase chief Jamie Dimon famously criticized the rule, saying regulators would need a psychiatrist to help determine whether a trade was proprietary. ‘Systemically important’ institutions Dodd-Frank created a new group of regulators, the Financial Stability Oversight Council, tasked with overseeing all finance firms — not just banks — whose failure could provoke a financial crisis. Those firms, selected by the Federal Reserve, are called “systemically important financial institutions.” Some firms that have been tagged with that title, including insurer MetLife, have fought the designation and the additional oversight that comes with it. Living wills In a rule aimed at preventing a repeat of crisis-era bank bailouts, Dodd-Frank calls for the nation’s largest banks to write “living wills” — essentially plans that show regulators how their operations would be wound down, run and sold off if they fail in another downturn. Wells Fargo & Co. has struggled to develop its plan, which regulators have cited as deficient. Executive compensation Most of Dodd-Frank is focused on banks and other financial institutions, but some elements cut across industries. One part of the law requires stock exchanges to require public companies to adopt rules that allow the companies to take back compensation paid to executives if it turns out that compensation was based on bad accounting. It also calls for shareholders to have a nonbinding vote on the pay packages for top executives. Caption 90 seconds: 4 stories you can't miss An appeals court has ruled: Trump's travel ban will remain blocked. Arrests made by federal immigration officials sparked a protest in downtown Los Angeles. L.A. planning commissions approve most zoning change requests, a Times analysis finds. Can robots replace bees? An appeals court has ruled: Trump's travel ban will remain blocked. Arrests made by federal immigration officials sparked a protest in downtown Los Angeles. L.A. planning commissions approve most zoning change requests, a Times analysis finds. Can robots replace bees? Caption 90 seconds: 4 stories you can't miss An appeals court has ruled: Trump's travel ban will remain blocked. Arrests made by federal immigration officials sparked a protest in downtown Los Angeles. L.A. planning commissions approve most zoning change requests, a Times analysis finds. Can robots replace bees? An appeals court has ruled: Trump's travel ban will remain blocked. Arrests made by federal immigration officials sparked a protest in downtown Los Angeles. L.A. planning commissions approve most zoning change requests, a Times analysis finds. Can robots replace bees? Caption 9th Circuit court refuses to reinstate travel ban A three-judge panel of the U.S. 9th Circuit Court of Appeals ruled that a Seattle federal judge’s earlier restraining order on the new policy should remain in effect while the judge further examines its legality.. A three-judge panel of the U.S. 9th Circuit Court of Appeals ruled that a Seattle federal judge’s earlier restraining order on the new policy should remain in effect while the judge further examines its legality.. Caption LaMelo Ball puts on a show He finishes with 27 points in Chino Hills victory He finishes with 27 points in Chino Hills victory Caption Immigration arrests in L.A. spark fear, outrage, but officials say they are routine Arrests sparked a protest in downtown Los Angeles Thursday evening. (Marcus Yam / Los Angeles Times) Arrests sparked a protest in downtown Los Angeles Thursday evening. (Marcus Yam / Los Angeles Times) Caption Eagles of Death Metal and Colin Hanks on their documentary 'Nos Amis' Members of the the band Eagles of Death Metal discuss their relationship with director Colin Hanks and their approach to making the HBO documentary "Eagles of Death Metal: Nos Amis (Our Friends)." Members of the the band Eagles of Death Metal discuss their relationship with director Colin Hanks and their approach to making the HBO documentary "Eagles of Death Metal: Nos Amis (Our Friends)." james.koren@latimes.com Follow me: @jrkoren ALSO Everything you need to know about Snapchat and Snap's IPO Trump's threats to booming Mexico auto industry have executives' heads spinning After initial optimism about the economy, some investors begin to worry about a 'Trump slump'   UPDATES: 10:45 a.m.: The article has been updated to report that President Trump has signed the executive order. Privacy Policy Copyright © 2017, Los Angeles Times Donald Trump Richard Cordray Federal Reserve Wells Fargo JPMorgan Chase & Co. ICE says L.A. immigration arrests were planned long in advance, not tied to new crackdown With billions at stake, a federal judge just nullified the GOP's most cynical attack on Obamacare Inside the frantic fight to protect Oroville dam, nation's tallest, as spillway rapidly erodes Most Popular Local Sports Entertainment Politics Opinion Place An Ad 61°
BUSINESS Here's what's at stake as Trump moves to unravel Dodd-Frank Christopher J. Dodd and Barney Frank Saul Loeb / AFP/Getty Images The Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform Act is named after former Democratic Sens. Christopher J. Dodd, left, and Barney Frank, shown in 2010. The Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform Act is named after former Democratic Sens. Christopher J. Dodd, left, and Barney Frank, shown in 2010. (Saul Loeb / AFP/Getty Images) James Rufus KorenContact Reporter President Trump signed an executive order Friday that calls for his administration to review the landmark Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform Act, with an eye toward revising or eliminating parts of the 2010 law. An administration official told reporters that the law “in many respects was a piece of massive government overreach” and that some of the rules within the law, passed in the wake of last decade’s financial crisis, “may have even been unconstitutional.” So, what’s in Dodd-Frank, and what parts might the Trump administration be looking to revise? The answer to both is: a lot. Here are some big-ticket items. Consumer Financial Protection Bureau The administration official who previewed Friday’s executive order said the law had, among other things, created “new agencies that don’t actually protect consumers.” That’s a not-so-subtle swipe at the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau, an agency created by the Dodd-Frank act that has been a strict enforcer of consumer protection laws and that has crafted a bevy of new rules that apply to mortgage lenders, banks, credit card companies and other financial firms. The bureau’s rules have made it less attractive — though not illegal — for mortgage lenders to make some types of risky loans that went bad and sparked last decade’s financial crisis. The bureau also been working on rules that would prevent banks and other financial firms from blocking class-action lawsuits by consumers and would require payday lenders to do more underwriting. The bureau and its director, Richard Cordray, have been targets of Republican lawmakers, who argue that the bureau has been overly aggressive in enforcing rules and that its power should be crimped. Trump advisor Gary Cohn suggested in an interview with the Wall Street Journal that Trump may seek to replace Cordray, though Cordray’s term doesn’t expire until the middle of next year. Proprietary trading Dodd-Frank put limits on the kind of bets banks can make on their own behalf — also called proprietary trading. (Proprietary trades in mortgage-backed securities led to huge losses for banks in the lead-up to the financial crisis.) Under those limits, often referred to as the Volcker Rule after former Federal Reserve Chairman Paul Volcker, banks also are not supposed to make investments in certain riskier asset classes. The rule was meant to prevent banks from taking too much risk, though it’s been criticized for making it harder for banks to hold certain types of securities that customers might want to buy. JPMorgan Chase chief Jamie Dimon famously criticized the rule, saying regulators would need a psychiatrist to help determine whether a trade was proprietary. ‘Systemically important’ institutions Dodd-Frank created a new group of regulators, the Financial Stability Oversight Council, tasked with overseeing all finance firms — not just banks — whose failure could provoke a financial crisis. Those firms, selected by the Federal Reserve, are called “systemically important financial institutions.” Some firms that have been tagged with that title, including insurer MetLife, have fought the designation and the additional oversight that comes with it. Living wills In a rule aimed at preventing a repeat of crisis-era bank bailouts, Dodd-Frank calls for the nation’s largest banks to write “living wills” — essentially plans that show regulators how their operations would be wound down, run and sold off if they fail in another downturn. Wells Fargo & Co. has struggled to develop its plan, which regulators have cited as deficient. Executive compensation Most of Dodd-Frank is focused on banks and other financial institutions, but some elements cut across industries. One part of the law requires stock exchanges to require public companies to adopt rules that allow the companies to take back compensation paid to executives if it turns out that compensation was based on bad accounting. It also calls for shareholders to have a nonbinding vote on the pay packages for top executives. Caption 90 seconds: 4 stories you can't miss An appeals court has ruled: Trump's travel ban will remain blocked. Arrests made by federal immigration officials sparked a protest in downtown Los Angeles. L.A. planning commissions approve most zoning change requests, a Times analysis finds. Can robots replace bees? An appeals court has ruled: Trump's travel ban will remain blocked. Arrests made by federal immigration officials sparked a protest in downtown Los Angeles. L.A. planning commissions approve most zoning change requests, a Times analysis finds. Can robots replace bees? Caption 90 seconds: 4 stories you can't miss An appeals court has ruled: Trump's travel ban will remain blocked. Arrests made by federal immigration officials sparked a protest in downtown Los Angeles. L.A. planning commissions approve most zoning change requests, a Times analysis finds. Can robots replace bees? An appeals court has ruled: Trump's travel ban will remain blocked. Arrests made by federal immigration officials sparked a protest in downtown Los Angeles. L.A. planning commissions approve most zoning change requests, a Times analysis finds. Can robots replace bees? Caption 9th Circuit court refuses to reinstate travel ban A three-judge panel of the U.S. 9th Circuit Court of Appeals ruled that a Seattle federal judge’s earlier restraining order on the new policy should remain in effect while the judge further examines its legality.. A three-judge panel of the U.S. 9th Circuit Court of Appeals ruled that a Seattle federal judge’s earlier restraining order on the new policy should remain in effect while the judge further examines its legality.. Caption LaMelo Ball puts on a show He finishes with 27 points in Chino Hills victory He finishes with 27 points in Chino Hills victory Caption Immigration arrests in L.A. spark fear, outrage, but officials say they are routine Arrests sparked a protest in downtown Los Angeles Thursday evening. (Marcus Yam / Los Angeles Times) Arrests sparked a protest in downtown Los Angeles Thursday evening. (Marcus Yam / Los Angeles Times) Caption Eagles of Death Metal and Colin Hanks on their documentary 'Nos Amis' Members of the the band Eagles of Death Metal discuss their relationship with director Colin Hanks and their approach to making the HBO documentary "Eagles of Death Metal: Nos Amis (Our Friends)." Members of the the band Eagles of Death Metal discuss their relationship with director Colin Hanks and their approach to making the HBO documentary "Eagles of Death Metal: Nos Amis (Our Friends)." james.koren@latimes.com Follow me: @jrkoren ALSO Everything you need to know about Snapchat and Snap's IPO Trump's threats to booming Mexico auto industry have executives' heads spinning After initial optimism about the economy, some investors begin to worry about a 'Trump slump'   UPDATES: 10:45 a.m.: The article has been updated to report that President Trump has signed the executive order. Privacy Policy Copyright © 2017, Los Angeles Times Donald Trump Richard Cordray Federal Reserve Wells Fargo JPMorgan Chase & Co. ICE says L.A. immigration arrests were planned long in advance, not tied to new crackdown With billions at stake, a federal judge just nullified the GOP's most cynical attack on Obamacare Inside the frantic fight to protect Oroville dam, nation's tallest, as spillway rapidly erodes Most Popular Local Sports Entertainment Politics Opinion Place An Ad 61°
BUSINESS Here's what's at stake as Trump moves to unravel Dodd-Frank Christopher J. Dodd and Barney Frank Saul Loeb / AFP/Getty Images The Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform Act is named after former Democratic Sens. Christopher J. Dodd, left, and Barney Frank, shown in 2010. The Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform Act is named after former Democratic Sens. Christopher J. Dodd, left, and Barney Frank, shown in 2010. (Saul Loeb / AFP/Getty Images) James Rufus KorenContact Reporter President Trump signed an executive order Friday that calls for his administration to review the landmark Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform Act, with an eye toward revising or eliminating parts of the 2010 law. An administration official told reporters that the law “in many respects was a piece of massive government overreach” and that some of the rules within the law, passed in the wake of last decade’s financial crisis, “may have even been unconstitutional.” So, what’s in Dodd-Frank, and what parts might the Trump administration be looking to revise? The answer to both is: a lot. Here are some big-ticket items. Consumer Financial Protection Bureau The administration official who previewed Friday’s executive order said the law had, among other things, created “new agencies that don’t actually protect consumers.” That’s a not-so-subtle swipe at the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau, an agency created by the Dodd-Frank act that has been a strict enforcer of consumer protection laws and that has crafted a bevy of new rules that apply to mortgage lenders, banks, credit card companies and other financial firms. The bureau’s rules have made it less attractive — though not illegal — for mortgage lenders to make some types of risky loans that went bad and sparked last decade’s financial crisis. The bureau also been working on rules that would prevent banks and other financial firms from blocking class-action lawsuits by consumers and would require payday lenders to do more underwriting. The bureau and its director, Richard Cordray, have been targets of Republican lawmakers, who argue that the bureau has been overly aggressive in enforcing rules and that its power should be crimped. Trump advisor Gary Cohn suggested in an interview with the Wall Street Journal that Trump may seek to replace Cordray, though Cordray’s term doesn’t expire until the middle of next year. Proprietary trading Dodd-Frank put limits on the kind of bets banks can make on their own behalf — also called proprietary trading. (Proprietary trades in mortgage-backed securities led to huge losses for banks in the lead-up to the financial crisis.) Under those limits, often referred to as the Volcker Rule after former Federal Reserve Chairman Paul Volcker, banks also are not supposed to make investments in certain riskier asset classes. The rule was meant to prevent banks from taking too much risk, though it’s been criticized for making it harder for banks to hold certain types of securities that customers might want to buy. JPMorgan Chase chief Jamie Dimon famously criticized the rule, saying regulators would need a psychiatrist to help determine whether a trade was proprietary. ‘Systemically important’ institutions Dodd-Frank created a new group of regulators, the Financial Stability Oversight Council, tasked with overseeing all finance firms — not just banks — whose failure could provoke a financial crisis. Those firms, selected by the Federal Reserve, are called “systemically important financial institutions.” Some firms that have been tagged with that title, including insurer MetLife, have fought the designation and the additional oversight that comes with it. Living wills In a rule aimed at preventing a repeat of crisis-era bank bailouts, Dodd-Frank calls for the nation’s largest banks to write “living wills” — essentially plans that show regulators how their operations would be wound down, run and sold off if they fail in another downturn. Wells Fargo & Co. has struggled to develop its plan, which regulators have cited as deficient. Executive compensation Most of Dodd-Frank is focused on banks and other financial institutions, but some elements cut across industries. One part of the law requires stock exchanges to require public companies to adopt rules that allow the companies to take back compensation paid to executives if it turns out that compensation was based on bad accounting. It also calls for shareholders to have a nonbinding vote on the pay packages for top executives. Caption 90 seconds: 4 stories you can't miss An appeals court has ruled: Trump's travel ban will remain blocked. Arrests made by federal immigration officials sparked a protest in downtown Los Angeles. L.A. planning commissions approve most zoning change requests, a Times analysis finds. Can robots replace bees? An appeals court has ruled: Trump's travel ban will remain blocked. Arrests made by federal immigration officials sparked a protest in downtown Los Angeles. L.A. planning commissions approve most zoning change requests, a Times analysis finds. Can robots replace bees? Caption 90 seconds: 4 stories you can't miss An appeals court has ruled: Trump's travel ban will remain blocked. Arrests made by federal immigration officials sparked a protest in downtown Los Angeles. L.A. planning commissions approve most zoning change requests, a Times analysis finds. Can robots replace bees? An appeals court has ruled: Trump's travel ban will remain blocked. Arrests made by federal immigration officials sparked a protest in downtown Los Angeles. L.A. planning commissions approve most zoning change requests, a Times analysis finds. Can robots replace bees? Caption 9th Circuit court refuses to reinstate travel ban A three-judge panel of the U.S. 9th Circuit Court of Appeals ruled that a Seattle federal judge’s earlier restraining order on the new policy should remain in effect while the judge further examines its legality.. A three-judge panel of the U.S. 9th Circuit Court of Appeals ruled that a Seattle federal judge’s earlier restraining order on the new policy should remain in effect while the judge further examines its legality.. Caption LaMelo Ball puts on a show He finishes with 27 points in Chino Hills victory He finishes with 27 points in Chino Hills victory Caption Immigration arrests in L.A. spark fear, outrage, but officials say they are routine Arrests sparked a protest in downtown Los Angeles Thursday evening. (Marcus Yam / Los Angeles Times) Arrests sparked a protest in downtown Los Angeles Thursday evening. (Marcus Yam / Los Angeles Times) Caption Eagles of Death Metal and Colin Hanks on their documentary 'Nos Amis' Members of the the band Eagles of Death Metal discuss their relationship with director Colin Hanks and their approach to making the HBO documentary "Eagles of Death Metal: Nos Amis (Our Friends)." Members of the the band Eagles of Death Metal discuss their relationship with director Colin Hanks and their approach to making the HBO documentary "Eagles of Death Metal: Nos Amis (Our Friends)." james.koren@latimes.com Follow me: @jrkoren ALSO Everything you need to know about Snapchat and Snap's IPO Trump's threats to booming Mexico auto industry have executives' heads spinning After initial optimism about the economy, some investors begin to worry about a 'Trump slump'   UPDATES: 10:45 a.m.: The article has been updated to report that President Trump has signed the executive order. Privacy Policy Copyright © 2017, Los Angeles Times Donald Trump Richard Cordray Federal Reserve Wells Fargo JPMorgan Chase & Co. ICE says L.A. immigration arrests were planned long in advance, not tied to new crackdown With billions at stake, a federal judge just nullified the GOP's most cynical attack on Obamacare Inside the frantic fight to protect Oroville dam, nation's tallest, as spillway rapidly erodes Most Popular Local Sports Entertainment Politics Opinion Place An Ad 61°
BUSINESS Here's what's at stake as Trump moves to unravel Dodd-Frank Christopher J. Dodd and Barney Frank Saul Loeb / AFP/Getty Images The Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform Act is named after former Democratic Sens. Christopher J. Dodd, left, and Barney Frank, shown in 2010. The Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform Act is named after former Democratic Sens. Christopher J. Dodd, left, and Barney Frank, shown in 2010. (Saul Loeb / AFP/Getty Images) James Rufus KorenContact Reporter President Trump signed an executive order Friday that calls for his administration to review the landmark Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform Act, with an eye toward revising or eliminating parts of the 2010 law. An administration official told reporters that the law “in many respects was a piece of massive government overreach” and that some of the rules within the law, passed in the wake of last decade’s financial crisis, “may have even been unconstitutional.” So, what’s in Dodd-Frank, and what parts might the Trump administration be looking to revise? The answer to both is: a lot. Here are some big-ticket items. Consumer Financial Protection Bureau The administration official who previewed Friday’s executive order said the law had, among other things, created “new agencies that don’t actually protect consumers.” That’s a not-so-subtle swipe at the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau, an agency created by the Dodd-Frank act that has been a strict enforcer of consumer protection laws and that has crafted a bevy of new rules that apply to mortgage lenders, banks, credit card companies and other financial firms. The bureau’s rules have made it less attractive — though not illegal — for mortgage lenders to make some types of risky loans that went bad and sparked last decade’s financial crisis. The bureau also been working on rules that would prevent banks and other financial firms from blocking class-action lawsuits by consumers and would require payday lenders to do more underwriting. The bureau and its director, Richard Cordray, have been targets of Republican lawmakers, who argue that the bureau has been overly aggressive in enforcing rules and that its power should be crimped. Trump advisor Gary Cohn suggested in an interview with the Wall Street Journal that Trump may seek to replace Cordray, though Cordray’s term doesn’t expire until the middle of next year. Proprietary trading Dodd-Frank put limits on the kind of bets banks can make on their own behalf — also called proprietary trading. (Proprietary trades in mortgage-backed securities led to huge losses for banks in the lead-up to the financial crisis.) Under those limits, often referred to as the Volcker Rule after former Federal Reserve Chairman Paul Volcker, banks also are not supposed to make investments in certain riskier asset classes. The rule was meant to prevent banks from taking too much risk, though it’s been criticized for making it harder for banks to hold certain types of securities that customers might want to buy. JPMorgan Chase chief Jamie Dimon famously criticized the rule, saying regulators would need a psychiatrist to help determine whether a trade was proprietary. ‘Systemically important’ institutions Dodd-Frank created a new group of regulators, the Financial Stability Oversight Council, tasked with overseeing all finance firms — not just banks — whose failure could provoke a financial crisis. Those firms, selected by the Federal Reserve, are called “systemically important financial institutions.” Some firms that have been tagged with that title, including insurer MetLife, have fought the designation and the additional oversight that comes with it. Living wills In a rule aimed at preventing a repeat of crisis-era bank bailouts, Dodd-Frank calls for the nation’s largest banks to write “living wills” — essentially plans that show regulators how their operations would be wound down, run and sold off if they fail in another downturn. Wells Fargo & Co. has struggled to develop its plan, which regulators have cited as deficient. Executive compensation Most of Dodd-Frank is focused on banks and other financial institutions, but some elements cut across industries. One part of the law requires stock exchanges to require public companies to adopt rules that allow the companies to take back compensation paid to executives if it turns out that compensation was based on bad accounting. It also calls for shareholders to have a nonbinding vote on the pay packages for top executives. Caption 90 seconds: 4 stories you can't miss An appeals court has ruled: Trump's travel ban will remain blocked. Arrests made by federal immigration officials sparked a protest in downtown Los Angeles. L.A. planning commissions approve most zoning change requests, a Times analysis finds. Can robots replace bees? An appeals court has ruled: Trump's travel ban will remain blocked. Arrests made by federal immigration officials sparked a protest in downtown Los Angeles. L.A. planning commissions approve most zoning change requests, a Times analysis finds. Can robots replace bees? Caption 90 seconds: 4 stories you can't miss An appeals court has ruled: Trump's travel ban will remain blocked. Arrests made by federal immigration officials sparked a protest in downtown Los Angeles. L.A. planning commissions approve most zoning change requests, a Times analysis finds. Can robots replace bees? An appeals court has ruled: Trump's travel ban will remain blocked. Arrests made by federal immigration officials sparked a protest in downtown Los Angeles. L.A. planning commissions approve most zoning change requests, a Times analysis finds. Can robots replace bees? Caption 9th Circuit court refuses to reinstate travel ban A three-judge panel of the U.S. 9th Circuit Court of Appeals ruled that a Seattle federal judge’s earlier restraining order on the new policy should remain in effect while the judge further examines its legality.. A three-judge panel of the U.S. 9th Circuit Court of Appeals ruled that a Seattle federal judge’s earlier restraining order on the new policy should remain in effect while the judge further examines its legality.. Caption LaMelo Ball puts on a show He finishes with 27 points in Chino Hills victory He finishes with 27 points in Chino Hills victory Caption Immigration arrests in L.A. spark fear, outrage, but officials say they are routine Arrests sparked a protest in downtown Los Angeles Thursday evening. (Marcus Yam / Los Angeles Times) Arrests sparked a protest in downtown Los Angeles Thursday evening. (Marcus Yam / Los Angeles Times) Caption Eagles of Death Metal and Colin Hanks on their documentary 'Nos Amis' Members of the the band Eagles of Death Metal discuss their relationship with director Colin Hanks and their approach to making the HBO documentary "Eagles of Death Metal: Nos Amis (Our Friends)." Members of the the band Eagles of Death Metal discuss their relationship with director Colin Hanks and their approach to making the HBO documentary "Eagles of Death Metal: Nos Amis (Our Friends)." james.koren@latimes.com Follow me: @jrkoren ALSO Everything you need to know about Snapchat and Snap's IPO Trump's threats to booming Mexico auto industry have executives' heads spinning After initial optimism about the economy, some investors begin to worry about a 'Trump slump'   UPDATES: 10:45 a.m.: The article has been updated to report that President Trump has signed the executive order. Privacy Policy Copyright © 2017, Los Angeles Times Donald Trump Richard Cordray Federal Reserve Wells Fargo JPMorgan Chase & Co. ICE says L.A. immigration arrests were planned long in advance, not tied to new crackdown With billions at stake, a federal judge just nullified the GOP's most cynical attack on Obamacare Inside the frantic fight to protect Oroville dam, nation's tallest, as spillway rapidly erodes Most Popular Local Sports Entertainment Politics Opinion Place An Ad 61°
BUSINESS Here's what's at stake as Trump moves to unravel Dodd-Frank Christopher J. Dodd and Barney Frank Saul Loeb / AFP/Getty Images The Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform Act is named after former Democratic Sens. Christopher J. Dodd, left, and Barney Frank, shown in 2010. The Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform Act is named after former Democratic Sens. Christopher J. Dodd, left, and Barney Frank, shown in 2010. (Saul Loeb / AFP/Getty Images) James Rufus KorenContact Reporter President Trump signed an executive order Friday that calls for his administration to review the landmark Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform Act, with an eye toward revising or eliminating parts of the 2010 law. An administration official told reporters that the law “in many respects was a piece of massive government overreach” and that some of the rules within the law, passed in the wake of last decade’s financial crisis, “may have even been unconstitutional.” So, what’s in Dodd-Frank, and what parts might the Trump administration be looking to revise? The answer to both is: a lot. Here are some big-ticket items. Consumer Financial Protection Bureau The administration official who previewed Friday’s executive order said the law had, among other things, created “new agencies that don’t actually protect consumers.” That’s a not-so-subtle swipe at the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau, an agency created by the Dodd-Frank act that has been a strict enforcer of consumer protection laws and that has crafted a bevy of new rules that apply to mortgage lenders, banks, credit card companies and other financial firms. The bureau’s rules have made it less attractive — though not illegal — for mortgage lenders to make some types of risky loans that went bad and sparked last decade’s financial crisis. The bureau also been working on rules that would prevent banks and other financial firms from blocking class-action lawsuits by consumers and would require payday lenders to do more underwriting. The bureau and its director, Richard Cordray, have been targets of Republican lawmakers, who argue that the bureau has been overly aggressive in enforcing rules and that its power should be crimped. Trump advisor Gary Cohn suggested in an interview with the Wall Street Journal that Trump may seek to replace Cordray, though Cordray’s term doesn’t expire until the middle of next year. Proprietary trading Dodd-Frank put limits on the kind of bets banks can make on their own behalf — also called proprietary trading. (Proprietary trades in mortgage-backed securities led to huge losses for banks in the lead-up to the financial crisis.) Under those limits, often referred to as the Volcker Rule after former Federal Reserve Chairman Paul Volcker, banks also are not supposed to make investments in certain riskier asset classes. The rule was meant to prevent banks from taking too much risk, though it’s been criticized for making it harder for banks to hold certain types of securities that customers might want to buy. JPMorgan Chase chief Jamie Dimon famously criticized the rule, saying regulators would need a psychiatrist to help determine whether a trade was proprietary. ‘Systemically important’ institutions Dodd-Frank created a new group of regulators, the Financial Stability Oversight Council, tasked with overseeing all finance firms — not just banks — whose failure could provoke a financial crisis. Those firms, selected by the Federal Reserve, are called “systemically important financial institutions.” Some firms that have been tagged with that title, including insurer MetLife, have fought the designation and the additional oversight that comes with it. Living wills In a rule aimed at preventing a repeat of crisis-era bank bailouts, Dodd-Frank calls for the nation’s largest banks to write “living wills” — essentially plans that show regulators how their operations would be wound down, run and sold off if they fail in another downturn. Wells Fargo & Co. has struggled to develop its plan, which regulators have cited as deficient. Executive compensation Most of Dodd-Frank is focused on banks and other financial institutions, but some elements cut across industries. One part of the law requires stock exchanges to require public companies to adopt rules that allow the companies to take back compensation paid to executives if it turns out that compensation was based on bad accounting. It also calls for shareholders to have a nonbinding vote on the pay packages for top executives. Caption 90 seconds: 4 stories you can't miss An appeals court has ruled: Trump's travel ban will remain blocked. Arrests made by federal immigration officials sparked a protest in downtown Los Angeles. L.A. planning commissions approve most zoning change requests, a Times analysis finds. Can robots replace bees? An appeals court has ruled: Trump's travel ban will remain blocked. Arrests made by federal immigration officials sparked a protest in downtown Los Angeles. L.A. planning commissions approve most zoning change requests, a Times analysis finds. Can robots replace bees? Caption 90 seconds: 4 stories you can't miss An appeals court has ruled: Trump's travel ban will remain blocked. Arrests made by federal immigration officials sparked a protest in downtown Los Angeles. L.A. planning commissions approve most zoning change requests, a Times analysis finds. Can robots replace bees? An appeals court has ruled: Trump's travel ban will remain blocked. Arrests made by federal immigration officials sparked a protest in downtown Los Angeles. L.A. planning commissions approve most zoning change requests, a Times analysis finds. Can robots replace bees? Caption 9th Circuit court refuses to reinstate travel ban A three-judge panel of the U.S. 9th Circuit Court of Appeals ruled that a Seattle federal judge’s earlier restraining order on the new policy should remain in effect while the judge further examines its legality.. A three-judge panel of the U.S. 9th Circuit Court of Appeals ruled that a Seattle federal judge’s earlier restraining order on the new policy should remain in effect while the judge further examines its legality.. Caption LaMelo Ball puts on a show He finishes with 27 points in Chino Hills victory He finishes with 27 points in Chino Hills victory Caption Immigration arrests in L.A. spark fear, outrage, but officials say they are routine Arrests sparked a protest in downtown Los Angeles Thursday evening. (Marcus Yam / Los Angeles Times) Arrests sparked a protest in downtown Los Angeles Thursday evening. (Marcus Yam / Los Angeles Times) Caption Eagles of Death Metal and Colin Hanks on their documentary 'Nos Amis' Members of the the band Eagles of Death Metal discuss their relationship with director Colin Hanks and their approach to making the HBO documentary "Eagles of Death Metal: Nos Amis (Our Friends)." Members of the the band Eagles of Death Metal discuss their relationship with director Colin Hanks and their approach to making the HBO documentary "Eagles of Death Metal: Nos Amis (Our Friends)." james.koren@latimes.com Follow me: @jrkoren ALSO Everything you need to know about Snapchat and Snap's IPO Trump's threats to booming Mexico auto industry have executives' heads spinning After initial optimism about the economy, some investors begin to worry about a 'Trump slump'   UPDATES: 10:45 a.m.: The article has been updated to report that President Trump has signed the executive order. Privacy Policy Copyright © 2017, Los Angeles Times Donald Trump Richard Cordray Federal Reserve Wells Fargo JPMorgan Chase & Co. ICE says L.A. immigration arrests were planned long in advance, not tied to new crackdown With billions at stake, a federal judge just nullified the GOP's most cynical attack on Obamacare Inside the frantic fight to protect Oroville dam, nation's tallest, as spillway rapidly erodes Most Popular Local Sports Entertainment Politics Opinion Place An Ad 61°
BUSINESS Here's what's at stake as Trump moves to unravel Dodd-Frank Christopher J. Dodd and Barney Frank Saul Loeb / AFP/Getty Images The Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform Act is named after former Democratic Sens. Christopher J. Dodd, left, and Barney Frank, shown in 2010. The Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform Act is named after former Democratic Sens. Christopher J. Dodd, left, and Barney Frank, shown in 2010. (Saul Loeb / AFP/Getty Images) James Rufus KorenContact Reporter President Trump signed an executive order Friday that calls for his administration to review the landmark Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform Act, with an eye toward revising or eliminating parts of the 2010 law. An administration official told reporters that the law “in many respects was a piece of massive government overreach” and that some of the rules within the law, passed in the wake of last decade’s financial crisis, “may have even been unconstitutional.” So, what’s in Dodd-Frank, and what parts might the Trump administration be looking to revise? The answer to both is: a lot. Here are some big-ticket items. Consumer Financial Protection Bureau The administration official who previewed Friday’s executive order said the law had, among other things, created “new agencies that don’t actually protect consumers.” That’s a not-so-subtle swipe at the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau, an agency created by the Dodd-Frank act that has been a strict enforcer of consumer protection laws and that has crafted a bevy of new rules that apply to mortgage lenders, banks, credit card companies and other financial firms. The bureau’s rules have made it less attractive — though not illegal — for mortgage lenders to make some types of risky loans that went bad and sparked last decade’s financial crisis. The bureau also been working on rules that would prevent banks and other financial firms from blocking class-action lawsuits by consumers and would require payday lenders to do more underwriting. The bureau and its director, Richard Cordray, have been targets of Republican lawmakers, who argue that the bureau has been overly aggressive in enforcing rules and that its power should be crimped. Trump advisor Gary Cohn suggested in an interview with the Wall Street Journal that Trump may seek to replace Cordray, though Cordray’s term doesn’t expire until the middle of next year. Proprietary trading Dodd-Frank put limits on the kind of bets banks can make on their own behalf — also called proprietary trading. (Proprietary trades in mortgage-backed securities led to huge losses for banks in the lead-up to the financial crisis.) Under those limits, often referred to as the Volcker Rule after former Federal Reserve Chairman Paul Volcker, banks also are not supposed to make investments in certain riskier asset classes. The rule was meant to prevent banks from taking too much risk, though it’s been criticized for making it harder for banks to hold certain types of securities that customers might want to buy. JPMorgan Chase chief Jamie Dimon famously criticized the rule, saying regulators would need a psychiatrist to help determine whether a trade was proprietary. ‘Systemically important’ institutions Dodd-Frank created a new group of regulators, the Financial Stability Oversight Council, tasked with overseeing all finance firms — not just banks — whose failure could provoke a financial crisis. Those firms, selected by the Federal Reserve, are called “systemically important financial institutions.” Some firms that have been tagged with that title, including insurer MetLife, have fought the designation and the additional oversight that comes with it. Living wills In a rule aimed at preventing a repeat of crisis-era bank bailouts, Dodd-Frank calls for the nation’s largest banks to write “living wills” — essentially plans that show regulators how their operations would be wound down, run and sold off if they fail in another downturn. Wells Fargo & Co. has struggled to develop its plan, which regulators have cited as deficient. Executive compensation Most of Dodd-Frank is focused on banks and other financial institutions, but some elements cut across industries. One part of the law requires stock exchanges to require public companies to adopt rules that allow the companies to take back compensation paid to executives if it turns out that compensation was based on bad accounting. It also calls for shareholders to have a nonbinding vote on the pay packages for top executives. Caption 90 seconds: 4 stories you can't miss An appeals court has ruled: Trump's travel ban will remain blocked. Arrests made by federal immigration officials sparked a protest in downtown Los Angeles. L.A. planning commissions approve most zoning change requests, a Times analysis finds. Can robots replace bees? An appeals court has ruled: Trump's travel ban will remain blocked. Arrests made by federal immigration officials sparked a protest in downtown Los Angeles. L.A. planning commissions approve most zoning change requests, a Times analysis finds. Can robots replace bees? Caption 90 seconds: 4 stories you can't miss An appeals court has ruled: Trump's travel ban will remain blocked. Arrests made by federal immigration officials sparked a protest in downtown Los Angeles. L.A. planning commissions approve most zoning change requests, a Times analysis finds. Can robots replace bees? An appeals court has ruled: Trump's travel ban will remain blocked. Arrests made by federal immigration officials sparked a protest in downtown Los Angeles. L.A. planning commissions approve most zoning change requests, a Times analysis finds. Can robots replace bees? Caption 9th Circuit court refuses to reinstate travel ban A three-judge panel of the U.S. 9th Circuit Court of Appeals ruled that a Seattle federal judge’s earlier restraining order on the new policy should remain in effect while the judge further examines its legality.. A three-judge panel of the U.S. 9th Circuit Court of Appeals ruled that a Seattle federal judge’s earlier restraining order on the new policy should remain in effect while the judge further examines its legality.. Caption LaMelo Ball puts on a show He finishes with 27 points in Chino Hills victory He finishes with 27 points in Chino Hills victory Caption Immigration arrests in L.A. spark fear, outrage, but officials say they are routine Arrests sparked a protest in downtown Los Angeles Thursday evening. (Marcus Yam / Los Angeles Times) Arrests sparked a protest in downtown Los Angeles Thursday evening. (Marcus Yam / Los Angeles Times) Caption Eagles of Death Metal and Colin Hanks on their documentary 'Nos Amis' Members of the the band Eagles of Death Metal discuss their relationship with director Colin Hanks and their approach to making the HBO documentary "Eagles of Death Metal: Nos Amis (Our Friends)." Members of the the band Eagles of Death Metal discuss their relationship with director Colin Hanks and their approach to making the HBO documentary "Eagles of Death Metal: Nos Amis (Our Friends)." james.koren@latimes.com Follow me: @jrkoren ALSO Everything you need to know about Snapchat and Snap's IPO Trump's threats to booming Mexico auto industry have executives' heads spinning After initial optimism about the economy, some investors begin to worry about a 'Trump slump'   UPDATES: 10:45 a.m.: The article has been updated to report that President Trump has signed the executive order. Privacy Policy Copyright © 2017, Los Angeles Times Donald Trump Richard Cordray Federal Reserve Wells Fargo JPMorgan Chase & Co. ICE says L.A. immigration arrests were planned long in advance, not tied to new crackdown With billions at stake, a federal judge just nullified the GOP's most cynical attack on Obamacare Inside the frantic fight to protect Oroville dam, nation's tallest, as spillway rapidly erodes Most Popular Local Sports Entertainment Politics Opinion Place An Ad 61°
BUSINESS Here's what's at stake as Trump moves to unravel Dodd-Frank Christopher J. Dodd and Barney Frank Saul Loeb / AFP/Getty Images The Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform Act is named after former Democratic Sens. Christopher J. Dodd, left, and Barney Frank, shown in 2010. The Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform Act is named after former Democratic Sens. Christopher J. Dodd, left, and Barney Frank, shown in 2010. (Saul Loeb / AFP/Getty Images) James Rufus KorenContact Reporter President Trump signed an executive order Friday that calls for his administration to review the landmark Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform Act, with an eye toward revising or eliminating parts of the 2010 law. An administration official told reporters that the law “in many respects was a piece of massive government overreach” and that some of the rules within the law, passed in the wake of last decade’s financial crisis, “may have even been unconstitutional.” So, what’s in Dodd-Frank, and what parts might the Trump administration be looking to revise? The answer to both is: a lot. Here are some big-ticket items. Consumer Financial Protection Bureau The administration official who previewed Friday’s executive order said the law had, among other things, created “new agencies that don’t actually protect consumers.” That’s a not-so-subtle swipe at the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau, an agency created by the Dodd-Frank act that has been a strict enforcer of consumer protection laws and that has crafted a bevy of new rules that apply to mortgage lenders, banks, credit card companies and other financial firms. The bureau’s rules have made it less attractive — though not illegal — for mortgage lenders to make some types of risky loans that went bad and sparked last decade’s financial crisis. The bureau also been working on rules that would prevent banks and other financial firms from blocking class-action lawsuits by consumers and would require payday lenders to do more underwriting. The bureau and its director, Richard Cordray, have been targets of Republican lawmakers, who argue that the bureau has been overly aggressive in enforcing rules and that its power should be crimped. Trump advisor Gary Cohn suggested in an interview with the Wall Street Journal that Trump may seek to replace Cordray, though Cordray’s term doesn’t expire until the middle of next year. Proprietary trading Dodd-Frank put limits on the kind of bets banks can make on their own behalf — also called proprietary trading. (Proprietary trades in mortgage-backed securities led to huge losses for banks in the lead-up to the financial crisis.) Under those limits, often referred to as the Volcker Rule after former Federal Reserve Chairman Paul Volcker, banks also are not supposed to make investments in certain riskier asset classes. The rule was meant to prevent banks from taking too much risk, though it’s been criticized for making it harder for banks to hold certain types of securities that customers might want to buy. JPMorgan Chase chief Jamie Dimon famously criticized the rule, saying regulators would need a psychiatrist to help determine whether a trade was proprietary. ‘Systemically important’ institutions Dodd-Frank created a new group of regulators, the Financial Stability Oversight Council, tasked with overseeing all finance firms — not just banks — whose failure could provoke a financial crisis. Those firms, selected by the Federal Reserve, are called “systemically important financial institutions.” Some firms that have been tagged with that title, including insurer MetLife, have fought the designation and the additional oversight that comes with it. Living wills In a rule aimed at preventing a repeat of crisis-era bank bailouts, Dodd-Frank calls for the nation’s largest banks to write “living wills” — essentially plans that show regulators how their operations would be wound down, run and sold off if they fail in another downturn. Wells Fargo & Co. has struggled to develop its plan, which regulators have cited as deficient. Executive compensation Most of Dodd-Frank is focused on banks and other financial institutions, but some elements cut across industries. One part of the law requires stock exchanges to require public companies to adopt rules that allow the companies to take back compensation paid to executives if it turns out that compensation was based on bad accounting. It also calls for shareholders to have a nonbinding vote on the pay packages for top executives. Caption 90 seconds: 4 stories you can't miss An appeals court has ruled: Trump's travel ban will remain blocked. Arrests made by federal immigration officials sparked a protest in downtown Los Angeles. L.A. planning commissions approve most zoning change requests, a Times analysis finds. Can robots replace bees? An appeals court has ruled: Trump's travel ban will remain blocked. Arrests made by federal immigration officials sparked a protest in downtown Los Angeles. L.A. planning commissions approve most zoning change requests, a Times analysis finds. Can robots replace bees? Caption 90 seconds: 4 stories you can't miss An appeals court has ruled: Trump's travel ban will remain blocked. Arrests made by federal immigration officials sparked a protest in downtown Los Angeles. L.A. planning commissions approve most zoning change requests, a Times analysis finds. Can robots replace bees? An appeals court has ruled: Trump's travel ban will remain blocked. Arrests made by federal immigration officials sparked a protest in downtown Los Angeles. L.A. planning commissions approve most zoning change requests, a Times analysis finds. Can robots replace bees? Caption 9th Circuit court refuses to reinstate travel ban A three-judge panel of the U.S. 9th Circuit Court of Appeals ruled that a Seattle federal judge’s earlier restraining order on the new policy should remain in effect while the judge further examines its legality.. A three-judge panel of the U.S. 9th Circuit Court of Appeals ruled that a Seattle federal judge’s earlier restraining order on the new policy should remain in effect while the judge further examines its legality.. Caption LaMelo Ball puts on a show He finishes with 27 points in Chino Hills victory He finishes with 27 points in Chino Hills victory Caption Immigration arrests in L.A. spark fear, outrage, but officials say they are routine Arrests sparked a protest in downtown Los Angeles Thursday evening. (Marcus Yam / Los Angeles Times) Arrests sparked a protest in downtown Los Angeles Thursday evening. (Marcus Yam / Los Angeles Times) Caption Eagles of Death Metal and Colin Hanks on their documentary 'Nos Amis' Members of the the band Eagles of Death Metal discuss their relationship with director Colin Hanks and their approach to making the HBO documentary "Eagles of Death Metal: Nos Amis (Our Friends)." Members of the the band Eagles of Death Metal discuss their relationship with director Colin Hanks and their approach to making the HBO documentary "Eagles of Death Metal: Nos Amis (Our Friends)." james.koren@latimes.com Follow me: @jrkoren ALSO Everything you need to know about Snapchat and Snap's IPO Trump's threats to booming Mexico auto industry have executives' heads spinning After initial optimism about the economy, some investors begin to worry about a 'Trump slump'   UPDATES: 10:45 a.m.: The article has been updated to report that President Trump has signed the executive order. Privacy Policy Copyright © 2017, Los Angeles Times Donald Trump Richard Cordray Federal Reserve Wells Fargo JPMorgan Chase & Co. ICE says L.A. immigration arrests were planned long in advance, not tied to new crackdown With billions at stake, a federal judge just nullified the GOP's most cynical attack on Obamacare Inside the frantic fight to protect Oroville dam, nation's tallest, as spillway rapidly erodes Most Popular Local Sports Entertainment Politics Opinion Place An Ad 61°
