SUBSCRIBE LOG IN LOG OUT REGISTER MY PROFILE Obituaries Events Jobs Real Estate Cars Classified PG Store April 10, 2017 3:02 AM 7-day Forecast Post-Gazette.com Archives Home News Local Sports Opinion A & E Life Business Contact Us Advertisement JPMorgan Chase's Jamie Dimon knows what the problems are April 10, 2017 12:00 AM Mark Lennihan/Associated Press Jamie Dimon, chairman and CEO of JPMorgan Chase & Co. By Len Boselovic / Pittsburgh Post-Gazette When it comes to letters to shareholders, most investors would agree that Berkshire Hathaway CEO Warren Buffett’s homespun wisdom has established the gold standard. But JPMorgan Chase chairman and CEO Jamie Dimon must be No. 2, because he certainly is trying harder. Mr. Dimon, America’s most admired or vilified banker depending on your point of view, dropped a 46-page epistle on his handsomely rewarded shareholders last week. The opus is chock full of his pride in the institution and its many accomplishments: record 2016 earnings of $24.7 billion; record results in six out of the last seven years; and a stock that has outperformed the S&P 500 and its banking peers since the Great Recession and “the extraordinarily difficult legal, regulatory and political environments that followed,” the CEO wrote. “The regulatory environment is unnecessarily complex, costly, and sometimes confusing,” Mr. Dimon lamented, writing that he supports “thoughtful, effective regulation, not simply more or less.” While he believes “America today is probably stronger than ever before,” Mr. Dimon said our nation confronts some serious problems besides its harsh regulatory climate. Among them: health care costs that are about twice as much per capita as most other developed nations and onerous taxes that prompt American companies to invest overseas, where they can earn more in countries with lower corporate tax rates. Mr. Dimon’s diagnosis and prescription require some context. First, his compensation jumped 49 percent last year to $27.2 million, bringing his three-year haul to $73.2 million. So he has more of a vested interest in lower taxes than, say, 99 percent plus of Americans. More importantly, JPMorgan Chase has paid $28.7 billion in regulatory penalties since 2010, according to Good Jobs First. The fines eclipse the bank’s record profits last year. The Washington, D.C., research group, which keeps tabs on corporate behavior as well as government subsidies, said the bank has been fined $13.5 billion for toxic securities abuses and $5.4 billion for mortgage abuses over that period. Most recently, the bank paid $264 million to settle federal civil and criminal charges for hiring hundreds of friends and relatives of potential Chinese clients in order to win business in that country. Can “complex, costly and sometimes confusing” regulations be the cause of JPMorgan Chase’s tarnished regulatory record? Could these extra costs of doing business have something to do with Mr. Dimon’s dim view of the regulatory climate? You make the call. ◊ ◊ ◊   The Trump administration’s decision to push back the impending implementation of a standard that would require more investment advisers to put their clients’ interests ahead of their own has spawned a “retirement ripoff counter” that is tracking how much the delay is costing those saving for retirement. On Tuesday, the U.S. Labor Department delayed implementation of the so-called fiduciary standard for 60 days while it considers rewriting the rule. The proposal has been sharply criticized by the U.S. Chamber of Commerce, the Investment Company Institute and other interest groups in the investment business that believe the standard will harm investors. U.S. Sen. Elizabeth Warren, D-Mass., AFL-CIO President Richard Trumka, and two consumer groups started the counter the next day. They estimate the conflicted advice that investment advisers can offer because of the delay will cost Americans $46 million a day, $1.9 million per hour, and $532 per second. The projections are based on estimates the White House Counsel of Economic Advisers made under then-President Barack Obama. Proponents of the standard say that without it, investment advisers can safely steer clients to more costly, poorer performing investments that pose greater risks and reward advisers with larger commissions. Over 30 years, the conflicted advice means a retiree will run out of money five years sooner than someone who received unconflicted advice, proponents of the measure says.  Wherever the truth lies in this regulatory ruckus, it’s all the more reason to be careful out there. Always ask your adviser what they are collecting for the help they are giving you. Len Boselovic: lboselovic@post-gazette.com or 412-263-1941 Sign up for free newsletters and get more of the Post-Gazette delivered to your inbox Most Read Most Emailed Advertisement Most Commented Join the conversation: Commenting policy | How to report abuse To report inappropriate comments, abuse and/or repeat offenders, please send an email to socialmedia@post-gazette.com and include a link to the article and a copy of the comment. Your report will be reviewed in a timely manner. Thank you. Commenting policy | How to report abuse Your e-mail: Your Name: Friends e-mail: Friends Name: Message: Captcha Submit Advertisement Create a free PG account. Register - FREE Already have an account? Login Subscribe to the PG Subscribe Customize your free Newsletter Preferences Email Preferences Advertisement Advertisement Pittsburgh Post-Gazette HOME NEWS LOCAL SPORTS OPINION A & E LIFE BUSINESS VIDEO PHOTO CLASSIFIEDS JOBS CIRCULARS CARS REAL ESTATE PG STORE WEDDINGS Site Map Media Kit About Us RSS Feeds Technical Help? Terms of Use Privacy Policy PG Sites: Sports Blogs PowerSource Staff Blogs Community Voices Early Returns Sportstown Pittsburgh Mom The Digs Special Projects Plate Pets Social Media: Twitter:   News   Customer Care Facebook Pinterest Google+ Help: Subscriber services Online support center Products and services Today’s PGe Contact Us Subscribe: Home Delivery Digital Subscriptions Email Newsletters Copyright © 1997—2017 PG Publishing Co., Inc. All Rights Reserved.
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad Brazil's Votorantim Metais considers IPO, sources say By Reuters Published: 23:02 EDT, 9 April 2017 | Updated: 23:02 EDT, 9 April 2017 e-mail By Guillermo Parra-Bernal and Tatiana Bautzer SAO PAULO, April 10 (Reuters) - Votorantim Metais Holding SA, one of Latin America's largest producers of base metals, is considering an initial public offering to fund investments and provide parent company Votorantim SA with cash to expand in other core areas, four people with direct knowledge of the transaction said. The São Paulo-based company, known as VMH, is seen completing a three-stage IPO preparation plan by September, according to one of the people. Toronto and New York appear to be the favored destinations for a VMH listing, the person said. Talks with investment banks are at an advanced stage, with Bank of America Corp, Morgan Stanley and JPMorgan Chase &amp; Co among those said to be vying for underwriting spots, two of the people said. The four people spoke under condition of anonymity because the transaction remains private. They did not detail a tentative structure and timetable for the transaction or give an estimated value for VMH. The IPO would give VMH access to a wide base of investors betting on a long-term recovery in zinc, copper, lead and silver prices, the first person said. Proceeds may come in handy for parent Votorantim, Brazil's largest diversified industrial group, which is growing in energy, pulp and agribusiness while cutting a 14.7 billion-real ($4.7 billion) debt burden, the people added. Contacted on Sunday, media officials at parent Votorantim, which is controlled by Brazil's billionaire Ermirio de Moraes family, declined to comment on "market speculation." Bank of America did not have any immediate comment. Morgan Stanley and JPMorgan declined to comment. EQUITY OFFERINGS VMH is the latest addition to a long list of Brazilian companies pursuing IPOs in coming months to rebalance their capital structure and pave the way for future expansion. Some large Brazilian groups are taking advantage of a revival in capital markets activity this year to list some subsidiaries or exit businesses, as well as to raise cash to bring down debt. Bankers expect up to one-fourth of planned Brazilian company listings for this year to happen overseas. The local subsidiary of France's Carrefour SA, as well as airline Azul SA and N2com Internet SA, known by the online shoe retailing brand Netshoes, are seeking to list their operations domestically or overseas. With a presence in Brazil and Peru, where it holds a majority stake in Cia Minera Milpo SA, VMH operates five industrial compounds in Brazil's state of Minas Gerais, and in Cajamarquilla in Peru. VMH also has sales offices in Houston and Luxembourg. Last year, investments in zinc and byproducts represented 11 percent of Votorantim's capital spending of about $3 billion. Those investments included efforts to extend the working life of the Vazante mine in Brazil for another 10 years. Net revenue at Votorantim's zinc and byproducts division came in at 6.386 billion reais last year, with adjusted earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization of 1.328 billion reais. EBITDA, as the gauge of operational profits is commonly known, reached 21 percent of revenue, making the zinc and byproducts division the most profitable activity among parent Votorantim's five business segments in last year's financial results. ($1 = 3.1301 reais) (Editing by Daniel Flynn and Steve Orlofsky) Share or comment on this article e-mail Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS 'I'm not someone who won't eat a chip': Louise Redknapp, 42, shows off her toned stomach for sizzling fitness shoot... as she reveals her attitude to eating  'Don't scare me': Kim Kardashian sobs while learning of husband Kanye West's mental breakdown on KUWTK The 36-year-old reality star received a bad call  Daddy off duty! Liam Payne, 23, leaves new mum Cheryl, 33, home with their baby as he plays basketball in the glorious sunshine Quiet time Game of Thrones couple Kit Harington and Rose Leslie put on an amorous display at the 2017 Olivier Awards... as the stunning actress flashes her Dior boxers Ridiculous ruffles, Bridget Jones pants and Rose Leslie flashes her designer boxers: It's curtains for the 2017 Olivier Awards' worst dressed stars Experts reveal easy hacks to make your family's life healthier  From cooking classes, to colourful and delicious family dinners. SPONSORED Baby joy for Bradley Cooper and Irina Shayk as couple welcome their first child Hollywood actor and Victoria's Secret model are parents Disturbing truth about how Janet Jackson's marriage was doomed from the start: How pop star's wedding to her Qatari husband was a mixing of two VERY different cultures  Embattled Mel B stopped by police for minor traffic violation in Los Angeles amid scandal-ridden split with Stephen Belafonte In her Range Rover Sheridan Smith goes for 1920s chic while Amanda Holden brings a splash of spring yellow in a backless gown and Billie Piper oozes  glamour at Oliviers Busty Louise Redknapp puts her ample assets on display in daringly low floral dress neckline at the 2017 Olivier Awards in London Tearful Billie Piper thanks her children as she wins Best Actress while Harry Potter and the Cursed Child steals the show scooping NINE prizes at the Oliviers Mum-of-two Myleene Klass shows off her superb bikini body in a skimpy black and white two piece as she splashes around in Sri Lanka Spend it like Beckham! Victoria's sold out Target range is selling for FOUR times the price on eBay... as star issues an apology after customers complain  Wardrobe Confidential: Former model, TV presenter and mum of one Jodie Kidd talks about her wardrobe staples  SPONSORED Simon Le Bon, 58, shows off his age-defying frame as he joins bikini-clad brunette for another day on Miami shores before Duran Duran gig Sheridan Smith wows in 1920s inspired dress at 2017 Olivier Awards as she admits she's struggled to lose weight after piling on the pounds for Moorside Co-parenting in action! Jennifer Garner takes the kids to church before Ben Affleck picks up daughter Violet The Hollywood duo split their time accordingly 'I won't remove the Megan tattoo, it's a memory': Pete Wicks reveals he will KEEP ex's initial on his hand... as she slams Chloe Sims for being 'over him' Bikini-clad Elizabeth Hurley, 51, flaunts her impossibly youthful physique as she larks around in leopard print two-piece during sun-drenched getaway 'You're an absolute liberty!' TOWIE's Courtney Green breaks down in tears as Myles Barnett declares he has to RETHINK their relationship  'It was wild': Stripper claims she had a threesome with Mel B and Stephen Belafonte... but claims the Spice Girl was 'the boss' of the relationship in wake of their messy divorce George Michael's family kick his ex Fadi Fawaz out of the star's £5million Regent's Park house as they prepare to put his homes on the market  Amber Riley stuns in blue sequined gown before slipping into bright red dress as she wins for Best Actress at Olivier Awards in London Best actress nominee Ruth Wilson sports a VERY risque sheer frock which reveals her Bridget Jones pants as she attends the Olivier Awards in London 'He doesn't see us anymore': Danny Dyer knuckles down to work on EastEnders set after 'ditching boozing and partying with pals' for family time I think I better bleach right now! Will Young looks unrecognisable as he steps out with new platinum hairdo and muscular physique Chocolate locks gone Not quite the Queen Vic! Eastenders star Hetti Bywater is spotting pulling pints in London pub three  years after the BBC killed off her character Lucy Beale Game of Thrones star Charlotte Hope suffers a nip slip as she goes braless under plunging white dress at the 2017 Olivier Awards in London Alec Baldwin enjoys stroll with wife Hilaria, son Rafael, 22 months, and the family dogs The duo were enjoying a relaxing weekend with their child 'Best birthday present': Jenna Jameson shares precious snap of her newborn girl as mom-of-three turns 43 Shared another snap with Instagram followers 'Mother of Dragons': Madonna posts make-up free selfie to Instagram and compares herself to Game Of Thrones' Daenerys Targaryen even she realised  'Workinnnnn'! Kylie Jenner flaunts taut tummy and cleavage in athletic wear in social media snaps She shared a sultry shot of herself Upset Kendall Jenner is 'laying low' and 'spending time with family' after fallout of lambasted Pepsi ad 'Still not happy about the controversy'  Chloe Khan flaunts her eye-popping curves in a khaki lace one-piece... before striping off to skimpy fluorescent underwear during sunny Maldives break Mum-of-four Natasha Hamilton shows off her incredible bikini body in loved up beach snap with fiance Charles Gay The former Atomic kitten singer looked toned  Maybe baby? Magazine claims Margot Robbie, 26, is 'expecting her first child' with husband Tom Ackerley Tied the knot with Tom Ackerley in December RIP Detective Sergeant Steve Arnott? Line Of Duty fans' favourite  seemed to meet a sudden, savage end in a devastating episode, writes JIM SHELLEY The Kardashian kousins! North and Penelope couldn't look cuter as they show off matching buns at church with Kourtney Busty bikini-clad Vicky Pattison can barely contain eye-popping cleavage as she squeezes into skimpy beachwear after break with John Noble Sunday fun day! Chrissy Teigen and John Legend step out for lunch with baby Luna... ahead of her first birthday Cut a stylish display Ellie Goulding looks smitten with rumoured new boyfriend Caspar Jopling in NYC... following her brief dalliance with Beckham bodyguard Bobby Rich 'Three weeks until I meet you my princess': Pregnant Amy Childs posts sweet snap of baby scan as she counts down days to welcoming her daughter Nicola Roberts embraces hippie chic in striped bell bottoms as she giggles with pals at al fresco lunch She showed off her style credentials i 'Wow you got legs': X Factor winner Sam Bailey, 39, shows some serious skin in TINY hot pants as she posts string of racy flashback photos Wheel-y fun! Christie Brinkley, 63, shares blissful bike riding video while also revealing fitness tips to her followers Is it her secret to youth? EXCLUSIVE: No wonder they can't keep their hands off each other! Elsa Pataky and husband Chris Hemsworth showcase their RIPPED physiques at the beach Jason Statham and pregnant Rosie Huntington-Whiteley leave hotel morning after The Fate of the Furious premiere in NYC Both hid their eyes  'Character comes when everyone thinks you're an adulterer': Ashton Kutcher speaks about Demi Moore drama as he gets role model award Model daughter! Kaia Gerber is Cindy Crawford's double as she dons red swimsuit in St Barts She is clearly gifted with good genes Thing are getting even more serious! Ruby Rose and girlfriend Jess Origliasso spotted house hunting together in LA and check out Jared Leto's $2m home Red hot! Olivia Culpo shows off her midriff in crimson crop top with ripped denim for farmers' market visit with boyfriend Danny Amendola Beach baby! Blanca Blanco plays swimsuit model as she sports teeny weeny bikini in Malibu The 27-year-old happily showcased her figure  'She came downstairs and threw a glass of wine over me': Lewis Bloor speaks out as video shows 'drunk' Marnie Simpson accusing ex of stealing her bank card in Dubai Mellow yellow! Gemma Collins shows off her curvaceous figure in sunshine hued kimono dress at TOWIE Easter ball filming... as ex Charlie returns 'Unicorn's out!' Kelly Brook flaunts her toned assets in cheeky naked snap as she and boyfriend Jeremy Parisi splash around in a sunlit pool on a fun float Pedal power! Kesha gets her heart pumping with cycling session in Venice Beach with her boyfriend Brad Ashenfelter She hit the beach Something in the hair! Emma Roberts shows off new long extensions as she looks cute in spring ensemble in Hollywood Showed off her long hair Ravishing in ruffles! Gina Rodriguez rocks black frock with white detailing at The Contenders Emmys in LA Popping out for a drink! Slimline Jonah Hill sips cup of iced coffee as he chats with mystery woman in Los Angeles He is looking as fit and lithe as ever Spencer Matthews spends day with a bevvy of women in London.. .after Pippa Middleton 'bans his new girlfriend Vogue Williams from her wedding' 'She is still hurt': Tensions between Delta Goodrem and Firass Dirani on set of House Husbands after he posted shocking tweet saying she needed 'to be drowned' Picture perfect! Khloe Kardashian is beaming with beau Tristan Thompson in sweet polaroid Instagram snap The 32-year-old shared a heartwarming  image Vicky Pattison locks lips with hunky beau John Noble as she flaunts her phenomenal physique in barely-there black bikini during Dubai break Amber Turner is TOWIE's golden girl in a white and nude skintight frock while Chloe Lewis channels a Grecian goddess in a plunging silk gown at Gemma Collins' Easter ball Some like it hot! Lucy Mecklenburgh shows off her stunning figure in sizzling sunshine bikini snap...days after sparking engagement rumours Worse-for-wear Alex Mytton slumps on the pavement during all-day drinking session with George Lineker... before groping mystery blonde in girlfriend Lottie Moss's absence Steve McFadden looks worlds away from his hard man Phil Mitchell character as he enjoys a relaxing bike ride in London Big man, tiny bike 'I thought "is this going to happen to me as well?"' Anne Nolan admits she has constant fear that her breast cancer will return after sister Linda's revelation 'He was determined to be famous': Graham Norton's ex-boyfriend fears the star will never find love again  Scott Michaels, 52, dated the chat show host, 54, for five years Co-parenting in action! Jennifer Garner takes the kids to church before Ben Affleck picks up daughter Violet The brunette beauty accessorized with suede 'I know it's all acting and not sexy': Mark Wright give wife Michelle Keegan TIPS on her sex scenes... as he admits they want kids Initially found watching her sex scenes awkward When it comes to killing off its main stars Line Of Duty could even teach The Sopranos a trick or two: CHRISTOPHER STEVENS reviews last night's TV  Victoria Beckham cuts a chic figure in hot pink trousers as she joins dapper husband David and son Cruz for family meal in Malibu Back to receiving star treatment  Bike It Like Beckham! David looks incredibly cool as he whips motorcycle around Hollywood streets The 41-year-old football ace looked handsome 'I'm going to kill that mother******': David Gest's bodyguard claims late star hired a HITMAN to kill Elton John after the singer insinuated he was gay Jemma 2.0! EOTB's Lucy unveils eye-popping image overhaul as she goes braless to flaunt her newly-enhanced assets atop elaborate new inking Millie Mackintosh and Hugo Taylor look as loved-up as ever as they feed each other frozen yogurt during lunch date in London The beauty, 27, appeared utterly relaxed 'I put on underwear and feel like JLo!' Braless Roxanne Pallett flashes a hint of sideboob in racy backless playsuit while shopping... after revealing delights of newly-toned body Life's peachy! Lucy Watson flaunts her perky derriere in tiny two-piece as she enjoys a 'magical last night' in the Maldives with beau James Dunmore Set pulses racing  Red hot! Miley Cyrus sizzles in crimson crop top and barely there shorts for hike with Liam Hemsworth and their two dogs Made a showstopping appearance  Conor McGregor's car is pulled over by police on his way home from wild Grand National after-party in Liverpool Police were seen standing by the 28-year-old fighter's white car  TOWIE's Yazmin Oukhellou displays her enviable curves in show-stopping gown as beau James Lock cuts a dapper figure ahead of filming in Essex 'You go dude!' Kylie Jenner accepts rejected teen's invite to high school prom... making him an instant legend He had his first prom invite rejected She's a bikini babe! Sports Illustrated model Natalia Borges sizzles in tiny two-piece which shows off her perky derriere and sculpted abs Mastermind host John Humphrys, 73, is pictured kissing his billionaire Sainsbury's heiress girlfriend, 52  The presenter, 73, showed he's still got it Help! I've become a frump in my 50s... like the poor saps I used to tease: SUSANNAH CONSTANTINE on how a dressing down from her friend Trinny convinced her she had to change  Diet guru Rosemary Conley reveals she still looks so good at 70 because of her (unfashionable) low-fat mantra, a special face exercise... and HRT for life  Loved-up Lauren Goodger celebrates one year anniversary with jailbird beau Joey Morrison... as she hints at imminent 'Summer' release in midst of 18 year sentence Janet Jackson splits from her £800m Qatari tycoon third husband just months after giving birth to her first child at the age of 50  TOWIE's Amber Dowding sparks worry amongst fans after she reveals she's been admitted to hospital in glam Instagram selfie Despite her ill health, still managed to glam up... Marla Maples puts on a VERY acrobatic display as she takes part in Italian version of Dancing with the Stars In Ballando con le Stelle in Rome Back in the ring! Liev Schreiber and Naomi Watts play on-screen lovers in new boxing film seven months after their shock split Split after eleven years together 'I just started to love it': Miranda Hart only began to feel comfortable with her looks at 40... and wants to help others with their self-esteem Struggled with her body image for most of her life He confounded those muggles! Tom Felton goes undercover at Harry Potter concert... dressed as a Slytherin pupil Watched a live orchestra Pregnant Danielle Lloyd showcases her baby bump in chic maxi dress with her fiancé after she hit back at Nicola McLean and Maria Fowler over staged baby scan jibes Lap of luxury! Sofia Richie lounges on Banana Island resort off the coast of Doha while on Qatari holiday Her holiday to Qatar thundered ahead 'Lovelier than any queen': The Princess Bride's Cary Elwes sends Robin Wright his love on her 51st birthday What a pair of perfect princesses Ex On The Beach star Jemma Lucy gets ANOTHER tattoo of Katie Price... despite previously insulting her in foul-mouthed Twitter tirade 'We'll always love each other': Marnie Simpson 'salvages a friendship' with love rat ex Lewis Bloor during platonic Dubai trip... as she is forced to insist they're not NAKED in selfie 'I recognise my children again': EastEnders legend June Brown, 90, has her eyesight 'saved' in pioneering 60 second operation Rita Ora displays her enviably toned frame in skintight gym leggings as she heads for a workout with friends The pop star, 26, showed off the fruits of her fitness labours 'They are the only things that matter to me': Mel B's estranged husband Stephen Belafonte breaks his silence on toxic divorce battle as he pledges to fight for custody of kids Stephen Belafonte's ex Nicole Contreras alleges Mel B's estranged husband 'pinned her against a wall and tried to choke her' during their relationship Following in his footsteps: Paul Walker's lookalike brother Cody to attend Sydney screenings of Fast & Furious 8 after stepping in to film scenes 'Stephen controlled her finances and she wasn't strong enough to leave him' Lady Victoria Hervey CONFIRMS threesome with Mel B and Belafonte It's back and more explicit than ever before: BBC porn storm as Versailles returns with a five-in-a-bed sex scene  A shocking scene in the new series Baby's still Boss! Animation takes the top spot at the U.S. box office for a second week with $26.3million The animation stars  Alec Baldwin 'It's more than just a one-off fling': Drake 'secretly dating British singer Jorja Smith'... and they even visited her Walsall Co-op to buy sweets together 'You naughty child!': Katie Hopkins scolds Russell Brand as he bursts into her radio studio and attempts to hijack the show   Burst into the studio and attempted to take over Tom Cruise tears around Paris in an old-fashioned BMW as he shoots car chase with a strait jacket-clad Sean Harris for Mission Impossible 6 Exciting day 'I wouldn't ever want a man to live in my house or be in my bed': Royle Family star Sue Johnston vows to never date again after two failed marriages Divorced twice Rapper Soulja Boy narrowly avoids jail time for weapons possession... but plea deal means he can't even touch a TOY GUN No more playing souljas for him No star treatment for Goldenballs! David Beckham is left waiting for a table outside popular West Hollywood restaurant.. but takes it in good spirits TOWIE's Megan McKenna shows Pete Wicks what he's missing in plunging swimsuit... following their turbulent split rife with cheating claims Flashed her cleavage  Park life! Kym Marsh enjoys family day out with daughters Emilie, 19, and Polly, six, as they soak up the good weather at Alton Towers Appeared in high spirits  Picture perfect! Geri Horner flaunts her radiant post-baby glow as she happily stops for a selfie with fans in London With two male fans  Good enough to eat! Heidi Klum flaunts her supermodel figure in a tiny floral bikini as she tucks into an ice cream  Sun-soaked break to Turks and Caicos Doctor Woo! Matt Smith shares a passionate smooch with girlfriend Lily James as they soak up the sun in a London park Leaned in for a cheeky smooch Bleary-eyed Alex Mytton is spotted GROPING mystery blonde following all-day drinking session... as absent girlfriend Lottie Moss laments her 'worrying' choice in men The Crown actress Claire Foy is pretty in a colourful floral blouse as she discusses her hit Netflix show at star-studded BFI & Radio Times TV Festival 'Wringing it dry!' Dame Maggie Smith brands plans for movie version of Downton Abbey as overkill... but admits it could start with her funeral Pregnant Danielle Bux displays her blossoming baby bump in slinky floral tea dress as she steps out in LA  The 37-year-old was glowing as she stepped out in the California sun  Marvelous in maroon! Chrissy Teigen flashes her cleavage and legs in velvet mini dress for dinner date with husband John Legend Stepped out for date night in Beverly Hills 'You can't beat real love': Katie Price shares sweet snap as she enjoys family time with Jett and Bunny back at home... following Maldives trip Pregnant Danielle Lloyd enjoys dinner with fiancé Michael O'Neill... after slamming Maria Fowler and Nicola McLean for claiming she staged her Loose Women baby scan Makeup-free Geordie Shore star Charlotte Crosby cuts a relaxed figure as she lands in Sydney to reunite with boyfriend Stephen Bear Ex On The Beach's Laura Summers flashes her ample bust and lean legs in a risqué little black dress  She's spent £155,000 in her quest to achieve the 'perfect' body GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Africa's calling for Harry's girl as he and Meghan Markle plan trip that will take in his charity projects Romantic trip looms David Schwimmer heads out in New York without wedding ring...just days after announcing split from wife of six years Zoe Buckman Mama will preach! Madonna's daughter Lourdes, 20, is spotted puffing on a ciagrette as she heads out for a casual coffee date with a pal in New York Madonna's eldest child Cat Deeley confirms she WILL return to SM:TV Live with Ant and Dec for one off special... as fans are split over appearance on Saturday Night Takeaway 'I'll do anything to help her bring him down': Ex-lover of Mel B's husband pledges to team up with former Spice Girl to protect singer's £50m fortune Family day out: Mel B steps out with daughters Madison and Angel...as divorce from Stephen Belafonte continues getting ugly Out in Beverly Hills  'She's sure to bring some drama': Mario Balotelli's ex Holly Henderson 'in talks about entering Big Brother house' Could be interesting Gary Barlow is left red faced during An Evening With Take That after admitting his lazy signature is the reason superfan has the word GAY permanently tattooed on her wrist Goldie Hawn, 71, swaps her glamorous threads for chic workout wear as she steps out for breakfast in LA The 71-year-old looked younger than her years  Worse for wear! Stephen Bear lands in Sydney looking tired after his Geordie Shore girlfriend Charlotte Crosby helps him get on the plane Looking bootyful! Kylie Jenner shimmers in skintight 'space kowgirl' costume on girls' night after Tyga split Showing Tyga what he's missing Nicky Hilton flaunts enviable post-baby body in semi-sheer blouse and skinny jeans as she enjoys a casual dinner in LA The heiress, 33, flaunted her slender frame  Whoa mama! Candice Swanepoel goes topless as she shows off her post baby bod in nothing but jeans and a hat  The 28-year-old new mother shared a series of Instagram snaps  Chloe Lattanzi gets playful in a series of racy shots as she shows off her VERY ample assets in a skimpy suede top The daughter of Olivia Newton-John  Dinner date! Kim Kardashian flashes cleavage in plunging button-up bodysuit and shredded jeans for outing with Kanye West She's never been a fan of covering up Bump in the night! Pregnant Rosie Huntington-Whiteley cuts elegant figure at The Fate Of The Furious premiere with fiance Jason Statham Pregnant model wowed  Orange crush! Elsa Pataky scorches in strapless tangerine dress for Fate Of The Furious premiere Elsa looked nothing short of a goddess  Silver siren! Michelle Rodriguez turns heads in plunging metallic gown at The Fate of the Furious premiere The sexy San Antonio native was impeccably made up Love, set, match! Amy Adams grins from ear-to-ear as she and husband Darren Le Gallo take daughter Aviana to tennis lesson Brought her daughter for a lesson Putting his back into it! Geordie Shore's Gaz Beadle hits up the golf course for a relaxed day on the green during time off filming Hell's Kitchen Jean-ius! Courteney Cox slips on flared denim and casual blouse for solo run to LA farmer's market She cut a casual figure in a blue blouse with flared jeans and sneakers  Proving the haters wrong! Amy Schumer responds to body shamers with trove of swimsuit snaps Isn't letting the body-shaming comments get her down Bikini-clad Bethenny Frankel enjoys lavish vacation with daughter... after boasting she doesn't need dating apps Shared several Instagram snaps Harrison Ford jets into LAX with wife Calista Flockhart and son Liam...months after near miss with passenger plane Chose to fly commercial instead  Demi Lovato and boyfriend Guilherme Vasconcelos share a kiss during hike in LA Exercise is good for the heart. And Demi Lovato gave hers a double workout on Saturday  Family fun day! Ciara visits the zoo with husband Russell Wilson and son Future Zahir The 31-year-old singer on Saturday documented a trip to the zoo with her NFL superstar husband  Judd Apatow's daughter Maude dons LBD and ballet flats at The House of Tomorrow world premiere Sheerly amazing! Kerry Washington wows in textured strapless dress with mesh panels at Scandal's 100th episode celebration It's been an astonishingly successful five year run  Touchdown! Mary J Blige keeps a low-profile in sunglasses and skin-tight activewear as she arrives at Sydney Airport ahead of her Australian tour Katie Piper shows off her style credentials in a pretty flared nude dress as she gives an inspirational speech at the Ideal Home Show  She looked stunning 'Her dream is about to come true': Alesha Dixon 'could land role in new US series... which may end her spell as judge on Britain's Got Talent' Beach bump ready! Bikini-clad Binky Felstead shows off her blossoming stomach on romantic babymoon with boyfriend JP Patterson 'I'm not engaged guys!' Stephanie Davis hits back at rumours she is set to wed boyfriend Jeremy McConnell... after flaunting diamond ring on her left hand With Child(s)! Pregnant Amy dresses her blossoming baby bump in a chic checked shirt dress as she treats herself to a salon visit in Essex Aidan Turner is at his smouldering best as he takes to the stage for Poldark Q&A at the BFI and Radio Times TV Festival What makes him tick? 'Kids are absolutely on the cards for us' Ant and Dec admit they're both looking forward to fatherhood... four years after Ant spoke of struggle to conceive with wife Lisa Jennifer Lopez dons baby blue with her babe Alex Rodriguez at LA recording studio The 47-year-old pop diva looked fabulous in a turtleneck pleated dress Don't ban wedding hotties, Pippa - it's how YOU got famous! RACHEL JOHNSON gives some shapely advice to Britain's most famous almost-royal rear 'I've seen your passion!' Chrissy Teigen gifts fan $5,500 to pay beauty school fees... and they've never even met The altruistic model donated $5,605  Geordie Shore's Abbie Holborn puts epic make-up mishap behind her as she steps out looking slick for a night out in Middlesbrough She's learnt her lesson 'Cheeky smiles!' Make-up free Rebekah Vardy shares sweet black and white selfie as she poses with three-month-old baby Finley Fluanted new-mum glow Subdued Kendall Jenner hides behind sunglasses as she's helped through the airport after Pepsi advert backlash Looked sullen EXCLUSIVE 'They've a vendetta against me': Danielle Lloyd slams  Maria Fowler and Nicola McLean over claims she staged Loose Women baby scan Radio 2 host Brian Matthew dies aged 88 three days after the BBC mistakenly announced the Sounds of the 60s presenter's passing  Died at the age of 88 SPOILER ALERT: EastEnders' Max Branning embarks on 'shock affair' with Carmel Kazemi in his bid to seek revenge on Albert Square 'It's a yellow kinda day!' Laura Whitmore injects a hint of sunshine into her ensemble as she leaves 'Not Dead Yet' play at the Theatre Royal A spring vibe in the air 'My little bundle of joy!' The X Factor star Kieran Alleyne, 21, reveals the name of his newborn son as he shares sweet first photo on social media Kerry Katona looks stylish in white jumper and ripped jeans as she enjoys sunny day out with her children in Brighton At the Sea Life Centre Mel C is supported by Geri Horner as she sings nostalgic Spice Girls hits during London gig... days after ruling out hopes of the girl band reuniting Spicing things up Charlize Theron flashes lingerie beneath her sheer LBD at NYC premiere of The Fate of the Furious She rocked an ultra-sheer turtleneck Thandie Newton puts on an elegant display in monochrome midi dress as she attends BFI & Radio Times TV Festival in London This is co-parenting! Kourtney Kardashian and ex Scott Disick take children Mason and Penelope to the movies The foursome went to Calabasas Nothing to see here! Vin Diesel says he and Dwayne Johnson are close 'in a weird way' amid reports of professional tension between stars Pucker up! Ariel Winter shares a tender kiss with boyfriend Levi Meaden as she flashes legs in tiny bronze shorts She looked in fine form 'Back to the dance floor!' Trump ex Marla Maples joins Italian Dancing with the Stars for special one-night engagement A one-off competition Lydia Bright looks chic in floaty white dress and suede jacket as she films new TOWIE scenes with co-star Liam 'Gatsby' Blackwell She impressed Mel B exudes glamour in figure-hugging white dress as she heads out in LA... amid claims she called the nanny Stephen Belafonte allegedly got pregnant her 'best friend' Last Piece Of Me! Britney Spears' manager confirms pop star will finish Las Vegas residency at end of the year At Planet Hollywood GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Oh my! Kate gasps at Lizzie Cundy's largesse The Duchess of Cambridge's reaction came when she spied her tanned decolletage 'If you don't like it, don't look': Little Mix's Jesy Nelson threatens to block followers as she lashes out at hurtful trolls in fiesty Instagram post Howdy partner! Hailey Baldwin hangs out with Kendall Jenner's rumored ex Jordan Clarkson at space rodeo soiree Intergalactic theme How low can you go? Busty Sofia Vergara, 44, puts her eye-popping cleavage on display in daring plunging top when in Rome Sisters' night out! Statuesque siblings Paris and Nicky Hilton sport chic ensembles for fun-filling evening of partying Graham Norton throws excited father-to-be off the red chair... just moments before he reveals the sex of their baby to his wife in hilarious on-screen prank She's a head turner! TOWIE's Amber stuns in off-the-shoulder blouse while filming with James Lock's girlfriend Yasmin Oukhellou in Brentwood Simply sensational Moving on! Jaden Smith shares serious PDA with new girlfriend Odessa Adlon... just a month after split with Sarah Snyder was revealed No caption required! The Weeknd is embraced by Selena Gomez in a moody Instagram picture 'She had an emergency': Amber Heard exits event through side door without accepting award... leaving Cara  to make her apologies Pretty Little Liars star Shay Mitchell flaunts her flat stomach in tiny cropped hoodie top as she enjoys the sunshine on LA shopping spree Making a Grand entrance! Chantelle Connelly turns heads in floor-length sequin gown as she opts for uncharacteristically demure look at Aintree races CBB's Jamie O'Hara fuels speculation he's reunited with ex Elizabeth-Jayne Tierney as they enjoy 'date night' before she shares saucy swimwear baring his initials  'Something pulls us back together every time': Corrie's Kym Marsh reveals her alter-ego Michelle Connor could rekindle romance with Steve McDonald 'The love of my life!' Gwyneth Paltrow shares sweet tribute to son Moses on his 11th birthday 'Fully addicted to working out': Nicola Hughes strips down to just her lacy lingerie as she flaunts her gym-honed figure in a racy Instagram post Pixie Lott is classically glamorous in plunging gown, feathered gloves and cat-eye shades as she films with a Corvette for her new music video in LA 'I might marry again!' Eva Longoria jokes about future nuptials as thrice wed star drinks from magical fountain This gorgeous actress was married last May Leona Lewis showcases her toned physique in dressed down chic as she takes a recording break in Los Angeles... after celebrating turning 32  Lady in red! Amber Rose sizzles in scarlet as she joins Drake at rapper Belly's star-studded birthday party At his home in LA Working hard! Bella Hadid keeps her model figure in shape by heading to the gym with a friend Showing off her chiseled midriff 'We are feeling great!' Jenna Jameson enjoys some skin to skin bonding time with her newborn daughter Batel Lu Freida Pinto showcases her sartorial style in a patterned minidress and statement coat in London 'Shake what your mama gave you': Imogen Thomas flaunts her perky derriere and ample cleavage in an array of sizzling swimwear during sun-soaked break to Miami 'I'm gonna pass out!' Mama June rushed to hospital 'in excruciating pain'... hours after debuting her revenge body 'I feel superhuman': Zoe Saldana says sci-fi film roles have given her the ability to become 'colour-blind and gender-blind' Hands off, he's mine! Does Helen McCrory EVER let go of hunky husband Damian Lewis? Or is she just a very loved-up luvvie?  Likes to keep a tight hold 'I wish we could do it all over again': Newlywed Sylvia Jeffreys gushes over NEVER BEFORE SEEN picture of her custom Rebecca Vallance wedding gown Dear neighbours... sorry about the building work, here's £45,000 (and a Hoover) Yours, the Clooneys: George and Amal offer compensation for noise caused by renovations  Turning over a new leaf! Danniella Westbrook embarks on fitness kick as she goes for run in hot pink sports top... ahead of leaving for rehab in Spain 'Glad you're getting to do your own thing': Liam Payne and Niall Horan congratulate Harry Styles as he sends fans wild with solo debut... but critics aren't as impressed Flying high: Effortlessly cool Tom Cruise cuts a suave figure as he takes a helicopter ride during Mission Impossible 6 filming in Paris Techicolour dream! David Beckham rocks a colourful cardigan as he steps out for lunch with glamorous wife Victoria 'She had a black eye and bruising everywhere, but made the X Factor final': Sharon Osbourne speaks out on the abuse Mel B suffered Don't mess with Sofia! Richie wields a sword while donning robes as she plays dress up on vacation She's not someone who ought to be trifled wit Meet my new man! Christina Milian, 35, looks delighted as she shares a kiss with NY Jets player Brandon Wilds, 23 Seems she's a new man 'He was aggressive and verbally abusive': Mel B's make-up artist claims he has been 'covering her bruises from Stephen Belafonte for years as he reveals his behaviour backstage' Pretty in pink! Real Housewives star Marysol Patton shows off her legs on the beach in Miami 'A little something!' Lisa Rinna shows off huge diamond ring as she celebrates 20 years of marriage with Harry Hamlin Love at first bite! Kelly Clarkson gives River Rose her first taste of Nutella... and the youngster can't get enough Can please a crowd 'This is a new birth!' Mama June slips into THAT red dress after shedding 150lbs... to watch Sugar Bear wed his new bride Wrap your head around that! Robert Redford cuts a casual figure wearing a red bandana before getting suited and booted on set of new flick in Ohio 'This is my last hurrah': Love Your Sister's Connie Johnson makes heartbreaking decision to end all cancer treatment after seven years battling the disease 'Whatever it takes to be a better momma': Danniella Westbrook bids a tearful goodbye to her son Kai in string of emotional Instagram posts as she leaves for rehab in Spain 'I had a midlife crisis at 28': Freida Pinto tells why her relationship with Slumdog Millionaire co-star Dev Patel hit the rocks in 2014 Existential crisis Oh baby! Kelsey Grammer looks happy and relaxed as he spends the day with wife Kayte and son Auden  This renowned thespian welcomed his third child Conor McGregor flouts Aintree's 'smart' dress code as he strolls into Grand National ground baring his tattooed chest in unbuttoned shirt George Michael's boyfriend Fadi Fawaz set to pocket £1million for tell-all book on his final hours with the star  'Producers believe it's time to give youth a chance again': X Factor bosses lower audition age limit to 14 once again... in a bid to find the next Liam Payne Pump it up! Olivia Newton-John's daughter Chloe Lattanzi showcases surgery-free method of plumping her pout... after revealing regret over 'ridiculous' lip fillers Jennifer Garner gets juice with a friend... as Ben Affleck cheers daughter's soccer team across town She had some extra pep in her step James Arthur wins £1,600 after betting on Grand National namesake One For Arthur... as he claims that Zayn Malik has been listening to his music Could Pepsi be SUED for their Kendall commercial? San Francisco police investigate the 'unauthorized' use of their logo in pulled ad Lisa Vanderpump, 56, oozes glamour as she puts her phenomenal body on display in sheer jumpsuit at Beverly Hills gala Peekaboo! Curvaceous Blac Chyna goes braless in jaw-dropping sheer black gown as she enjoys rekindled romance with Rob Kardashian 'I think curves are cool!' The Biggest Loser host Fiona Falkiner flaunts her hourglass figure in a tight off-the-shoulder frock Bringing the glam! Amber Heard and Cara Delevingne cut sophisticated figures as they lead the stars at benefit gala in LA Pretty penny! Rich Kids Of Beverly Hills Morgan Stewart cuts a fashionable figure in leggy red skirt 'I know the right people got the job:' Vicky Pattison opens up about missing out on Blind Date job as she insists hosts Melanie Sykes and Paul O'Grady 'will smash it' Megan McKenna flaunts her figure in glamorous playsuit as she enjoys a girls' night in Mayfair... after revelations emerge about her 'drunken night with former beau Harry Eden' Funny faces! Rowan Atkinson revives classic Mr Bean expressions while speaking at BFI preview screening of Maigret A Lott of love! Leggy Pixie rocks trendy denim playsuit on cosy romantic date with fiancé Oliver Cheshire Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance WisdomTree Investments Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for WisdomTree Investments Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News 5,999 Shares in AbbVie Inc (ABBV) Acquired by Bridgeworth LLC Avid Technology, Inc. (AVID) Shares Bought by AQR Capital Management LLC Menora Mivtachim Holdings LTD. Maintains Stake in Visa Inc (V) HCR Wealth Advisors Takes Position in Home Depot Inc (HD) OneBeacon Insurance Group, Ltd. (OB) Stake Reduced by AQR Capital Management LLC Standard Motor Products, Inc. (SMP) Stake Decreased by Teachers Retirement System of The State of Kentucky Teachers Retirement System of The State of Kentucky Holds Position in WisdomTree Investments, Inc. (WETF) Teachers Retirement System of The State of Kentucky Sells 1,200 Shares of Depomed Inc (DEPO) AQR Capital Management LLC Decreases Position in WD-40 Company (WDFC) Metropolitan Life Insurance Co. NY Holds Stake in Northfield Bancorp, Inc. (NFBK) Quad/Graphics, Inc. (QUAD) Stake Maintained by Metropolitan Life Insurance Co. NY Metropolitan Life Insurance Co. NY Continues to Hold Stake in ATN International Inc (ATNI) Dermira Inc (DERM) Position Held by Metropolitan Life Insurance Co. NY CBL & Associates Properties, Inc. (CBL) Position Increased by Guggenheim Capital LLC Installed Building Products Inc (IBP) Shares Sold by Metropolitan Life Insurance Co. NY Suburban Propane Partners LP (SPH) Stake Cut by Guggenheim Capital LLC Guggenheim Capital LLC Has $1,629,000 Position in PLDT Inc (PHI) Short Interest in Aceto Co. (ACET) Declines By 9.2% Allegiance Bancshares Inc (ABTX) Sees Significant Growth in Short Interest Holt Capital Advisors L.L.C. dba Holt Capital Partners L.P. Lowers Stake in Cisco Systems, Inc. (CSCO) Teachers Retirement System of The State of Kentucky Holds Position in WisdomTree Investments, Inc. (WETF) April 9th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Jeff Wilder Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Teachers Retirement System of The State of Kentucky held its position in shares of WisdomTree Investments, Inc. (NASDAQ:WETF) during the fourth quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The institutional investor owned 23,400 shares of the company’s stock at the end of the fourth quarter. Teachers Retirement System of The State of Kentucky’s holdings in WisdomTree Investments were worth $261,000 as of its most recent filing with the SEC. Several other institutional investors have also recently made changes to their positions in WETF. Russell Investments Group Ltd. bought a new position in shares of WisdomTree Investments during the fourth quarter worth approximately $3,713,000. JPMorgan Chase & Co. boosted its position in shares of WisdomTree Investments by 0.5% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 1,056,715 shares of the company’s stock worth $10,874,000 after buying an additional 5,387 shares during the period. BlackRock Investment Management LLC boosted its position in shares of WisdomTree Investments by 0.7% in the third quarter. BlackRock Investment Management LLC now owns 726,232 shares of the company’s stock worth $7,473,000 after buying an additional 5,309 shares during the period. BRYN MAWR TRUST Co boosted its position in shares of WisdomTree Investments by 0.4% in the third quarter. BRYN MAWR TRUST Co now owns 244,879 shares of the company’s stock worth $2,520,000 after buying an additional 1,056 shares during the period. Finally, Comerica Bank boosted its position in shares of WisdomTree Investments by 4.9% in the fourth quarter. Comerica Bank now owns 84,454 shares of the company’s stock worth $961,000 after buying an additional 3,947 shares during the period. 96.38% of the stock is currently owned by institutional investors. WisdomTree Investments, Inc. (NASDAQ:WETF) opened at 9.05 on Friday. WisdomTree Investments, Inc. has a 52 week low of $8.00 and a 52 week high of $13.32. The stock has a market capitalization of $1.21 billion, a PE ratio of 47.63 and a beta of 3.25. The firm has a 50-day moving average price of $9.00 and a 200-day moving average price of $10.13. WisdomTree Investments (NASDAQ:WETF) last released its quarterly earnings data on Friday, February 3rd. The company reported $0.03 earnings per share for the quarter, missing analysts’ consensus estimates of $0.06 by $0.03. The business earned $50.80 million during the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $50.85 million. WisdomTree Investments had a return on equity of 13.61% and a net margin of 11.92%. The business’s revenue was down 33.6% on a year-over-year basis. During the same period last year, the company earned $0.15 EPS. Equities research analysts predict that WisdomTree Investments, Inc. will post $0.23 EPS for the current fiscal year. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY WARNING: “Teachers Retirement System of The State of Kentucky Holds Position in WisdomTree Investments, Inc. (WETF)” was first posted by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are reading this piece of content on another publication, it was copied illegally and reposted in violation of United States and international copyright & trademark laws. The legal version of this piece of content can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/09/teachers-retirement-system-of-the-state-of-kentucky-holds-position-in-wisdomtree-investments-inc-wetf.html. A number of equities analysts have commented on WETF shares. Credit Suisse Group AG reaffirmed an “outperform” rating on shares of WisdomTree Investments in a research note on Saturday, December 10th. Bank of America Corp cut WisdomTree Investments from a “neutral” rating to an “underperform” rating and set a $10.00 price target on the stock. in a research note on Friday, December 16th. Keefe, Bruyette & Woods reaffirmed an “underweight” rating and issued a $8.00 price target on shares of WisdomTree Investments in a research note on Wednesday, December 28th. Zacks Investment Research raised WisdomTree Investments from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $13.00 price target on the stock in a research note on Saturday, December 31st. Finally, Jefferies Group LLC set a $14.00 price target on WisdomTree Investments and gave the stock a “buy” rating in a research note on Tuesday, January 10th. Three research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, five have issued a hold rating and two have assigned a buy rating to the company. The stock has an average rating of “Hold” and an average target price of $10.63. In other WisdomTree Investments news, CEO Jonathan L. Steinberg acquired 97,971 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction dated Thursday, March 16th. The stock was purchased at an average price of $9.14 per share, with a total value of $895,454.94. The acquisition was disclosed in a filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which can be accessed through the SEC website. Corporate insiders own 16.10% of the company’s stock. About WisdomTree Investments WisdomTree Investments, Inc is an asset management company that focuses on exchange-traded funds (ETFs). The Company’s family of ETFs includes fundamentally weighted funds that track its own indexes, funds that track third party indexes and actively managed funds. The Company operates through exchange traded products (ETP) sponsor and asset manager providing investment advisory services segment. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding WETF? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for WisdomTree Investments, Inc. (NASDAQ:WETF). Receive News & Ratings for WisdomTree Investments Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for WisdomTree Investments Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Government Wants to Know Trump Critic on Twitter Susan Rice Denies leaking Names of Officials in Intelligence Reports Senate Facing Showdown over Nomination of Neil Gorsuch Ex-Trump Advisor Michael Flynn Seeking Immunity Challenges on Rollback of Climate Policies to Come © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Cleveland.com Menu Home News Politics Local News Opinion Business Sports High School Sports Entertainment Obituaries Jobs Autos Real Estate Rentals Videos Photos Akron News Place an Ad Classifieds Find&Save Local Businesses Follow Us Subscribe Back to Main Menu Metro The Plain Dealer Weather Health & Medical Crime Data Central Columnists Courts Nation World Special Reports Back to Main Menu Mark Naymik Michael McIntyre Phillip Morris Back to Main Menu At Any (Court) Cost A Critical Choice: Nursing home care Cleveland's Bike Life Justice for All: Bail reform Know the RX: Opioid addiction resources Remaking The Q Stolen in the Suburbs Back to Main Menu State Politics National Politics & Elections Cleveland City Hall Cuyahoga County Insider Special Report: Ohio Matters Back to Main Menu Akron Beachwood Berea Brecksville Brunswick Chagrin Falls Cleveland Heights Hillcrest Lakewood Lyndhurst-South Euclid Medina Parma Shaker Heights Solon Strongsville Westlake More East Side More West Side Back to Main Menu Letters to the Editor Jeff Darcy's Cartoons Kevin O'Brien More columnists Back to Main Menu Real Estate Energy Consumer Affairs Personal Finance Top Workplaces Back to Main Menu Browns Indians Cavaliers Ohio State Big 10 & Recruiting College Columns Monsters Golf Horse Racing Outdoors Sports Insider Videos Photos Back to Main Menu Terry Pluto Bud Shaw Bill Livingston Back to Main Menu Boys Ice Hockey Girls Gymnastics Boys Basketball Girls Basketball Wrestling Boys Bowling Girls Bowling Boys Swimming Girls Swimming Football Off Season Sports Back to Main Menu Baseball Softball Boys Track and Field Girls Track and Field Girls Volleyball Boys Lacrosse Girls Lacrosse Boys Tennis Girls Tennis Boys Cross Country Girls Cross Country Field Hockey Boys Golf Girls Golf Boys Soccer Girls Soccer Back to Main Menu Food/Dining Best Of Events Movies Music TV Books Arts Theater Friday! People Living Travel Style Essential CLE Comics Crossword & Puzzles Back to Main Menu Dining Guide Bars Cooking Top Restaurants Drinks Back to Main Menu Homes New Homes Rent Foreclosures Commercial Home Remodeling Place an Ad Back to Main Menu All Rentals Apartments & Communities Commercial Leases Place an Ad Back to Main Menu cleveland.com Videos Back to Main Menu cleveland.com Photos Community Photos Submit Your Photos Back to Main Menu Pets For Sale Garage Sales Celebrations Fraud Prevention Manage Your Ad Place an Ad Back to Main Menu Find A Business Food & Dining Retail Shopping Health & Medicine Personal Care Entertainment Real Estate Automotive Claim Your Business Back to Main Menu Visit our Facebook Page Follow us on Twitter Visit us on Google Plus Back to Main Menu The Plain Dealer Sun News Media Insider Rewards Back to Main Menu Close Customize Your Weather Set Your Location: Congratulations! Your weather is set to . You can change the location at any time. AccuWeather.com Quick Look Change your current location » View Full Weather Report Search Search Cleveland.com Account Sign In Close Sign in to Cleveland.com You are signed in as Edit Public Profile Sign Out Subscribe The Plain Dealer Sun News Media Insider Rewards comments Mapping blight at the parcel level in Cleveland, Columbus and Cincinnati: Janis Bowdler (Opinion) blight.jpg Two vacant homes on East 77th Street in Cleveland awaited demolition in 2011. The city has made tremendous strides in addressing blight and abandoned homes but Janis Bowdler writes in the op-ed below that a $1 million JPMorgan Chase grant to track problem areas in Cleveland, Columbus and Cincinnati using multiple data sources on a parcel-by-parcel basis will contribute to a clearer picture, including of redevelopment opportunities. (Chuck Crow, The Plain Dealer, File, 2011) Print Email Guest Columnist/cleveland.com By Guest Columnist/cleveland.com The Plain Dealer on April 09, 2017 at 5:56 AM, updated April 09, 2017 at 9:00 PM comments This model has a history of success. We supported a similar initiative in Detroit. Janis Bowdler of JPMorgan Chase.Janis Bowdler  WASHINGTON, D.C. -- One of the challenges facing cities across Ohio is what to do about the dilapidated and abandoned properties that scar neighborhoods and can weaken local and regional economies. It's a tricky question, in part because we don't currently know the full extent of the problem. We don't know how many blighted properties each city has, their condition, or location. What we do know is that removing troublesome eyesores is an essential precondition to building thriving neighborhoods. To address this challenge, JPMorgan Chase & Co. recently provided the Western Reserve Land Conservancy a $1 million grant to help survey, map and track blighted properties in Cleveland, Columbus and Cincinnati. Cuyahoga County demolition fund puts dent in housing-market distress (photos, interactive map) Until now, researching parcels for redevelopment has been done manually, which is an extremely slow and arduous task. I know. I used to do it. I started my community development career at Famicos Foundation, a nonprofit that works to revitalize Cleveland's East Side neighborhoods. My first job was to go to Cleveland's City Hall, pull our neighborhood maps, and determine which parcels were owned by the city and eligible for purchase from the local land bank. I drove around the neighborhood taking Polaroid photos to document the condition of the property.  Our project called for purchasing vacant lots, so I needed the photos to show that the conditions matched (or didn't) city records.  Then I would use a highlighter to indicate our desired properties and tag them to the Polaroid photos. This entire process could easily take a couple of days, and perhaps longer if a property sold in the interim or there was a discrepancy between my research and city records. I'm clearly dating myself here, and the city of Cleveland and my colleagues at Famicos Foundation, Cleveland Neighborhood Progress, and the city's other great community development corporations have made tremendous progress in updating the systems that track city-owned property. Vacant houses, blighted buildings still plague Cleveland, but problem is shrinking (2015) We hope to further accelerate that progress through our investment. Navigate Cleveland blight map Loveland Technologies' Cleveland map let's you look up information about properties in the city of Cleveland. Moving forward, the Western Reserve Land Conservancy and the cities of Cleveland, Columbus, and Cincinnati will partner with Loveland Technologies, which specializes in mapping blighted properties, to survey, map and record each parcel in the three cities. Using cutting-edge data visualization technology, the team will overlay publicly available data from multiple sources at the parcel level, providing community members with a clear and accurate picture of troublesome properties, neighborhood conditions, and opportunities for redevelopment.  This model has a history of success. We supported a similar initiative in Detroit. In 2015, the city's philanthropic leadership banded together to commission a survey of blighted properties that would give local leadership the information needed to make time-sensitive investment decisions. Through an initiative known as Motor City Mapping, Loveland Technologies worked with community volunteers to map each of Detroit's 380,000 parcels. JPMorgan Chase provided funding to create a dashboard that the Detroit Land Bank Authority used to identify and remove more than 10,600 dangerous structures and create a door-knocking campaign to save houses at risk of foreclosure.  As a result, tax foreclosures declined nearly 50 percent in Detroit in 2016. Accessible and high-quality data is essential to making informed investment decisions, particularly when city resources are scarce. To that end, in Detroit the city's parcel database is now maintained by Data Driven Detroit, a trusted intermediary that preserves the data on behalf of the public. But the databases aren't simply for city administrators. They are also a powerful tool for the people who call these cities home. For example, Detroit's Grandmont Rosedale and MECCA Development Corporations use the data to track conditions in their communities, and an app allows them to crowdsource resident input. We believe the data will prove similarly useful to the people of Ohio. As an Ohio native, I am thrilled we are bringing this work to my home state - particularly Cleveland, with its proud history of neighborhood development.   In the information age, data is power. Communities that are unable to articulate their challenges and opportunities struggle to get the needed resources - or worse, may set to work on solutions that will not meet their needs. A digital view will allow us to work more efficiently and accelerate economic growth built on local residents' engagement and vision. Janis Bowdler is the managing director and head of community development for global philanthropy at JPMorgan Chase & Co. Have something to say about this topic? Use the comments to share your thoughts, and stay informed when readers reply to your comments by using the Notification Settings (in blue) just below. ************** cleveland.com is a partner of the Greater Cleveland Food Bank. Every dollar buys four meals for the hungry. Click here to donate. Editorial Cartoon Trump right to strike Syria ... Jeff Darcy's cartoons» Opinion Features Read letters to the editor Submit a letter to the editor How to submit an opinion article Most Read Active Discussions About Us About Cleveland.com About Advance Ohio Advertise with us Audience FAQ Contact Us Career Opportunities Community FAQ Subscribe The Plain Dealer Sun News eNewsletters Subscriber Service Media Insider Rewards View My Profile Report a Delivery Issue Place a Vacation Hold Make a Payment Cleveland.com Sections News Sports High School Sports Entertainment Living Politics Opinion Obituaries Jobs Autos Real Estate Rentals Classifieds Shopping Deals and Coupons Local Businesses Deals in Your Area Your Regional News Pages Beachwood Brunswick Lakewood Parma & Parma Heights Strongsville More Communities Mobile Mobile Apps More on Cleveland.com Videos Photos Interact with us Weather Post a job Post a classified ad Sell your car Sell/rent your home Sitemap & search Sponsor Content Follow Us Twitter | Facebook | Google+ | Instagram | Pinterest Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement and Privacy Policy © 2017 Advance Ohio All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Advance Ohio Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site. Ad Choices
Benzinga Benzinga Pro Marketfy Financial Data & APIs Fintech Awards Premarket Prep Membership is Free What are you waiting for? Sign up now! Username: Username available! Username taken! Email: Email available! Email taken! Password: Leave blank: OR Free Account Login Click here to access your premium account Username or email: Password: OR Forgot password?' Looking for ? CLICK HERE Contribute Login Sign up Benzinga - Feed Your Mind. Home Best of Benzinga Careers About Contact Us Partners Benzinga Fintech Awards News Earnings Guidance Dividends M&A Buybacks Legal Interviews Management Retail Sales Offerings IPOs Insider Trades Biotech/FDA Markets Pre-Market After Hours Movers Forex Commodities Options Binary Options Bonds Futures Global Economics Previews Reviews Small-Cap Ratings Analyst Color Downgrades Upgrades Initiations Price Target Ideas Long Ideas Short Ideas Technicals From The Press Jim Cramer Rumors ETFs Tech Start-Ups Fintech Personal Finance Premium Products My Watchlist Long Ideas Short Ideas Technicals From The Press Jim Cramer Rumors ETFs Market Overview Tickers Articles Keywords Search by keyword...googlecse JPMorgan And GE's Business Relationship Is More Than 100 Years Old Jayson Derrick , Benzinga Staff Writer   {{following ? "Following" : "Follow"}} April 07, 2017 2:43pm   Comments Share: Related GE Top Benzinga Stocks Of The Week: GE, Facebook, Apple And More Barron's Picks And Pans: Under Armour, CarMax, Lowe's And More Related JPM Financial Sector Earnings: Market Highs And High Expectations Gary Cohn, Trump's Top Economic Adviser, Supports Split Of Lending And Investment Banks These 3 Banking Giants Kick Off Earnings Season: Investing Action Plan (Investor's Business Daily) JPMorgan Chase & Co. (NYSE: JPM)'s relationship with General Electric Company (NYSE: GE) dates back to last century. According to a Bloomberg report, General Electric has been a client of JPMorgan for 125 years. Way back in 1892, JPMorgan, known as John Pierpont Morgan's Drexel Morgan & Co, actually helped create General Electric by arranging the merger of Edison's company and a rival firm. Tried And True: A 125-Year-Young Relationship The relationship survived the test of time and over the past five years alone JPMorgan collected $167 million from General Electric in M&A and other banking fees. Since General Electric spent more than $100 million in fees alone that means it has been very busy on the M&A front. But now the company faces pressure from activist investor Nelson Peltz to cut costs so few are expecting General Electric to continue acquiring companies. General Electric paid $1.6 billion to all of Wall Street over the past five years. "The major pieces have been taken care of at this point," Jeff Windau, an analyst with Edward Jones told Bloomberg in reference to General Electric's M&A activity. "That was kind of an extraordinary period of time for them." However, the Bloomberg report suggested that General Electric still boasts $10 billion of unallocated capital that it can use on deals, stock buybacks or other activities. While this is a large amount of capital, it is down from around $30 billion last year. Related Links: How Sell-Side Analysts Are Reacting To The GE-Baker Hughes Deal Wall Street's M&A Chatter From April 6: 7-Eleven, AK Steel-Mitsui, Coach, Zhaopin ________ Image Credit: Joe Mabel [CC BY-SA 3.0 (http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/3.0)], via Wikimedia Commons Posted-In: banking Bloomberg Edward Jones GE Jeff Windau JPMorganMedia General Best of Benzinga © 2017 Benzinga.com. Benzinga does not provide investment advice. All rights reserved.   Related Articles (GE + JPM) Financial Sector Earnings: Market Highs And High Expectations Gary Cohn, Trump's Top Economic Adviser, Supports Split Of Lending And Investment Banks Jamie Dimon's Annual Letter Has A Central Theme: Something's Wrong In America JPMorgan, Tiffany's, Time Warner, Retail ETF: Fast Money Picks For April 5 JPMorgan, Mondelez, Mylan: Fast Money Picks For April 4 Top Benzinga Stocks Of The Week: GE, Facebook, Apple And More View Comments and Join the Discussion! View the discussion thread. News from idealmedia Sign up for email alerts on GE Trending Recent 1 WPX, PTLA: Benzinga's Option Alert Recap From April 7 2 FB, AAPL: Gene Munster And His Crazy Crystal Ball 3 GLD, MRK: Barron's Picks And Pans: Gold, Energy, Dividends A... 4 BABA: 'Downtown' Josh Brown On Alibaba: U.S. In... 5 TCO, GM: MadDog Technology, A Fintech Incubator In Th... 6 SBUX, AMZN: 10 Retailers Poised To Perform In... 7 UL, KHC: Benzinga's Top Picks O... 1 BBRY, UL: Benzinga's Top Picks Of The Week: Disney, Netflix, BlackBerry And More 2 DGS: A Small-Cap Dividend Darling 3 CRM: Crunchbase CEO Talks Team Diversity, Product Pipeline 4 CMCSA, VZ: The Street Tries To Get A Clear Signal On Comcast's... 5 AAPL, CMCSA: Statistics Show Music Streaming Is Now Too Big... 6 HK, MRK: Barron's Picks And Pans: Gold, Ene... 7 RH, ELF: 10 Retailers Poised To Perform I... View upcoming Earnings, Ratings, Dividend and Economic Calendars. Benzinga is a fast-growing, dynamic and innovative financial media outlet that empowers investors with high-quality, unique content. Popular Channels Analyst Ratings Be Your Own Boss ETFs Economics Forex Hot News Options Press Releases Start-ups Tech Tools & Features Affiliate Program PreMarket Prep Feeds News Widget Real Time Feed Sitemap Submit News Tips About Benzinga About Us Licensing and APIs Apps (iOS and Android) Fintech Awards In the News Careers Contact Us Disclaimer Privacy Policy Syndication Terms and Conditions Benzinga Partners 1 (877) 440-9464 (ZING) © Copyright Benzinga Benzinga - Feed Your Mind News Markets Ratings Ideas Tech Small-Cap Personal Finance Premium Products Mid-Afternoon Market Update: Fuwei Films Drops After Q4 Results; Diana Shipping Shares Surge There Was An Unusual Options Trade Prior To Akorn Takeout Chatter
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Schneider Electric SE - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Schneider Electric SE with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Schneider Electric SE (SU) Given a €72.00 Price Target at JPMorgan Chase & Co. Richmont Mines Inc. (RIC) Lifted to “B” at TheStreet JPMorgan Chase & Co. Analysts Give LVMH Moet Hennessy Louis Vuitton SE (MC) a €230.00 Price Target Raging River Exploration Inc (RRX) Rating Reiterated by Scotiabank WestRock Co (WRK) Rating Reiterated by BMO Capital Markets Weekly Research Analysts’ Ratings Updates for Hologic (HOLX) Vetr Inc. Downgrades Nordstrom, Inc. (JWN) to Buy Analysts Offer Predictions for Atlantic Power Co.’s Q1 2017 Earnings (ATP) Costco Wholesale Co. (COST) Downgraded to Hold at Vetr Inc. WOOD GROUP (JOHN) (WDGJF) Given Average Recommendation of “Buy” by Analysts Ithaca Energy Inc (IACAF) Given Average Rating of “Buy” by Analysts Husky Energy Inc (HUSKF) Given Consensus Recommendation of “Buy” by Brokerages Brokerages Set Argonaut Gold Inc (AR) PT at $3.55 Intesa Sanpaolo SpA (ISP) Given Average Recommendation of “Buy” by Analysts Southwest Bancorp, Inc. (OKSB) Given Consensus Rating of “Hold” by Analysts AMETEK, Inc. (AME) Given Consensus Recommendation of “Buy” by Brokerages Seaspan Co. (SSW) Receives Consensus Rating of “Hold” from Analysts Brokerages Set Lonestar Resources US Inc. (LONE) Target Price at $11.64 Integrated Device Technology Inc (IDTI) Receives $26.50 Average Price Target from Analysts Hudson Pacific Properties Inc (HPP) Receives Consensus Rating of “Buy” from Analysts Schneider Electric SE (SU) Given a €72.00 Price Target at JPMorgan Chase & Co. April 9th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Trevor Kearing Filed Under: Analyst Articles - Europe - Finance Tweet JPMorgan Chase & Co. set a €72.00 ($76.60) price objective on Schneider Electric SE (EPA:SU) in a report released on Tuesday. The firm currently has a buy rating on the stock. Other equities analysts also recently issued research reports about the stock. Morgan Stanley reaffirmed a buy rating on shares of Schneider Electric SE in a research note on Monday, December 12th. HSBC Holdings plc set a €71.00 ($75.53) target price on shares of Schneider Electric SE and gave the company a buy rating in a research note on Monday, December 5th. Societe Generale set a €80.00 ($85.11) target price on shares of Schneider Electric SE and gave the company a buy rating in a research note on Tuesday, January 10th. Goldman Sachs Group Inc set a €77.00 ($81.91) target price on shares of Schneider Electric SE and gave the company a buy rating in a research note on Tuesday, December 27th. Finally, Deutsche Bank AG set a €73.00 ($77.66) target price on shares of Schneider Electric SE and gave the company a buy rating in a research note on Tuesday, February 7th. Two investment analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, six have issued a hold rating and nine have issued a buy rating to the company. The company presently has an average rating of Hold and an average price target of €69.29 ($73.72). Schneider Electric SE (EPA:SU) opened at 69.35 on Tuesday. Schneider Electric SE has a 1-year low of €49.50 and a 1-year high of €69.57. The company has a 50-day moving average price of €66.30 and a 200 day moving average price of €64.73. The stock has a market cap of €38.49 billion and a P/E ratio of 22.44. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY WARNING: This article was first published by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are viewing this article on another domain, it was stolen and reposted in violation of United States & international copyright and trademark law. The original version of this article can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/09/schneider-electric-se-su-given-a-72-00-price-target-at-jpmorgan-chase-co.html. Schneider Electric SE Company Profile Schneider Electric SE is a France-based company that specializes in electricity distribution, automation management and produces installation components for energy management. The Company has five divisions organized by business: Energy and Infrastructure, which includes medium and low voltage, installation systems and control, renewable energies and includes customer segments in Utilities, Marine, residential and oil & gas sector; Industry, which includes automation & control which includes water treatment and mining, minerals & metals industries; Buildings, which includes building automation and security, whose customers are hotels, hospitals, office and retail buildings; Data canters and networks, and Residential which is engaged in solutions for saving electricity bills by combining lighting and heating control features. Receive News & Ratings for Schneider Electric SE Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Schneider Electric SE and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Government Wants to Know Trump Critic on Twitter Susan Rice Denies leaking Names of Officials in Intelligence Reports Senate Facing Showdown over Nomination of Neil Gorsuch Ex-Trump Advisor Michael Flynn Seeking Immunity Challenges on Rollback of Climate Policies to Come © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 10 April 2017 by Military News World Week Ahead: US earnings season Monday, 10 April 2017, 11:27 am Article: BusinessDesk Monday 10 April 2017 08:18 AM World Week Ahead: US earnings season By Margreet Dietz April 10 (BusinessDesk) – In a week shortened to four days by Good Friday, investors will look to the pending US earnings season as a reality check on valuations. Citigroup, JPMorgan Chase, and Wells Fargo are among US companies scheduled to report their latest quarterly results in the coming days. The financial sector is projected to post a 15.4 percent profit gain, second only to energy among S&P sectors, according to Reuters. Last Friday Wall Street’s three benchmarks closed marginally weaker, each down less than 0.1 percent, after the US launched a cruise-missile strike on Syria and a report showing American employers added fewer jobs than expected in March. The Labor Department report showed payrolls climbed by 98,000 in March, after a downwardly-revised 219,000 increase in February. Even so, the unemployment rate dropped to 4.5 percent, the lowest since May 2007, while hourly wages rose at a 2.7 percent year-over-year pace. Analysts remained optimistic about the US economy, attributing March’s headline miss to poor weather. “Aside from the payroll data, all the other underlying details are encouraging,” Tom Simons, an economist at Jefferies in New York, told Bloomberg. “People are re-entering the labour force and it looks like they’re getting jobs right away. The participation rate being steady is encouraging there.” This week the latest US economic data will arrive in the form of reports on the labour market conditions index, due today; the NFIB small business optimism index and JOLTS, or the Job Openings and Labour Turnover Survey, due Tuesday; import and export prices, Atlanta Fed business inflation expectations, due Wednesday; weekly jobless claims, producer price index, and consumer sentiment, due Thursday; as well as the consumer price index, retail sales, and business inventories, due Friday. Federal Reserve chair Janet Yellen is set to speak in Ann Arbor, Michigan, today, while Minneapolis Fed President Neel Kashkari will speak on Tuesday. Both will be closely watched for clues on the pace of rate increases as well as plans to reduce the central bank’s balance sheet. Wall Street’s top banks see the Fed laying out by year end its plan to scale back reinvestments in Treasuries and mortgage-backed securities, according to a Reuters poll. Five of 15 primary dealers, or banks that do business directly with the Fed, expected it to start paring reinvestments by year end, while the rest forecast the central bank would do so by the end of the second quarter of 2018, Reuters reported. Last week, the Dow Jones Industrial Average slipped 0.03 percent, the Standard & Poor’s 500 Index declined 0.3 percent, and the Nasdaq Composite Index slid 0.6 percent. “While investors may be struggling to find reasons to get into the market, they also realise the reasons to sell are limited,” strategists at Voya Investment Management said in a note Friday, Bloomberg reported. Financial markets will be closed on Friday. In Europe, the Stoxx 600 Index closed 0.1 percent higher on Friday. One unknown as the week begins is a potential fresh geopolitical flashpoint. The US Navy is moving a strike group, including an aircraft carrier, toward the Korean peninsula as a show of force, according to a Reuters report. (BusinessDesk) ends © Scoop Media Independent, Trustworthy New Zealand Business News The Wellington-based BusinessDesk team led by former Bloomberg Asian top editor Jonathan Underhill and Qantas Award-winning journalist and commentator Pattrick Smellie provides a daily news feed for a serious business audience. CONTACT BUSINESSDESK CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Press Releases | Avnet Newsroom Next PostNext Bank governor to get ‘mates’ under Labour monetary policy Search Recent Posts Chad Statistical Development Project Makhtar Diop, World Bank Vice President for Africa to Visit Benin Makhtar Diop, vice-président de la Banque mondiale pour l’Afrique, en visite au Bénin Adèle Banzouzi : « Grâce à Lisungi, j’ai dit non à la pauvreté ! » Adèle Banzouzi: “Thanks to LISUNGI, I said no to poverty!” Business Directory Business Contacts Proudly powered by WordPress
msn back to msn home money search money search web search Sign in Change language & content: América Latina (español) Argentina (español) Australia (English) België (Nederlands) Belgique (français) Brasil (português) Canada (English) Canada (français) Chile (español) Colombia (español) Danmark (Dansk) Deutschland (Deutsch) España (español) France (français) India (English) Indonesia (Bahasa Indonesia) Ireland (English) Italia (italiano) Malaysia (English) México (español) Nederland (Nederlands) New Zealand (English) Norge (norsk, bokmål) Österreich (Deutsch) Perú (español) Philippines (English) Polska (polski) Portugal (Português) Schweiz (Deutsch) Singapore (English) South Africa (English) Suisse (français) Suomi (suomi) Sverige (svenska) Türkiye (Türkçe) United Arab Emirates (English) United Kingdom (English) United States (English) United States (español) Venezuela (español) Việt Nam (Tiếng Việt) Ελλάδα (ελληνικά) Россия (Pусский) ישראל (עברית)‏ الإمارات العربية المتحدة (العربية‏) المملكة العربية السعودية (العربية‏) مصر (العربية‏) ไทย (ไทย) 한국 (한국어) 中华人民共和国 (简体中文) 台灣 (繁體中文) 日本 (日本語) 香港特别行政區 (繁體中文) Switch to Latino (Español) Feedback Help Today Markets Investing Personal Finance Real Estate Careers Small Business My Watchlist Mortgages Credit Cards Tools Home News Weather Entertainment Sports Money Lifestyle Health & Fitness Food & Drink Travel Autos Video Top Stocks Inside the Ticker Mutual Funds and ETFs Small Business Expert Voices Taxes Stock Picks Today's 52-Week Highs Today's 52-Week Lows Volume Shockers Price Shockers High-yield Stocks The Best Blue-Chip Stocks AdChoices Three big things that markets need to watch CNBC Patti Domm 9 hrs ago SHARE SHARE TWEET SHARE EMAIL Summer driving expectations get oil investors excited again China vice stocks are back in vogue as anti-graft impact fades Click to expand Replay Video Trump: 'Only time will tell' on improving trade with China President Donald Trump says “only time will tell” if progress has been made on trade between the U.S. and China. Maria Mercedes Galuppo (@mariamgaluppo) has more. Veuer Excitement over Shake Shack fades The burger joint continues to open new locations, but they are getting less buzz. The Wall Street Journal. Washington start-up creating fleet of electric jets Zunum Aero, a Washington-based start-up is looking to start bringing hybrid and even fully electric jets into the skies. According to the company, they will focus on small regional jets that serve high-traffic, short-haul routes such as Los Angeles to San Francisco. By the early 2020s, the company says they should have a fleet of 10-passenger hybrid-electric jets, adding that the number will hit 50 by the 2030s. Wochit Tech SETTINGS OFF HD HQ SD LO The Week Ahead: Earnings kick off CNBC See more videos SHARE SHARE TWEET SHARE EMAIL What to watch next Trump: 'Only time will tell' on improving trade with China Veuer0:45 Excitement over Shake Shack fades The Wall Street Journal.0:31 Washington start-up creating fleet of electric jets Wochit Tech0:39 Here's how Wells Fargo workers created fake accounts CNN Money4:23 Washington state readies for federal marijuana crackdown CBS News2:01 States' wealthiest consumers might be driving carbon emissions Newsy0:51 Adidas joins rivals with its own 3D-printed soles Reuters0:59 These 'tax trucks' don't serve food, but they do serve up free accounting advice CNBC1:25 You can now apply for a job at McDonald's on Snapchat Fortune0:32 KFC will make chicken healthier Wochit Business0:47 Smart ways to spend your tax refund CNBC0:53 Get out your resume -- Amazon to hire 30,000 part-time workers Veuer1:06 Tony Robbins says this is what makes a great leader Bloomberg2:35 Dog attacks on mail carriers hit 30-year high as online shopping surges Wochit News0:46 Minimum wage increases hit a wall The Wall Street Journal.3:17 These Palm Beach businesses shut down when Trump visits CNN Money1:45 UP NEXT The four days before the long Easter weekend can sometimes be dullsville for markets — but don't expect that to be the case this year. Quotes in the article JPMorgan Chase & Co JPM ▼ 86.18 -0.30 -0.35% Citigroup Inc C ▼ 59.43 -0.46 -0.77% Wells Fargo & Co WFC ▼ 54.84 -0.53 -0.96% AdChoices First of all, earnings season starts with JPMorgan Chase (JPM), (JPM) Citigroup (C) and Wells Fargo (WFC) all reporting Thursday. Strategists have been praying that a super strong earnings season will make investors switch focus from Washington to corporate and economic fundamentals. There's also Fed speak, with an appearance by U.S. Federal Reserve Chair Janet Yellen on Monday afternoon. Important economic data, such as consumer inflation, is also expected, with most of it landing on Good Friday when the stock market is closed. That will be especially important after March's surprisingly weak jobs report raised questions about the economy's pace of growth. Congress may be taking spring break, but Washington could still be the source of plenty of market-moving headlines. There are a bunch of things that will be important, including the aftermath of the U.S. attack on Syria and what really went on at President Donald Trump's meeting with Chinese President Xi Jinping. Also, if there's a shakeup of the White House staff, would that be a good or a bad thing? Best sales growth since 2011 First-quarter earnings growth is now expected at 10.1 percent, the best since 2014, but sales growth, a laggard in the financial recovery, is expected to jump by 7.5 percent, the best since 2011, according to Thomson Reuters. "Earnings will thankfully become the driver of stock prices in the next couple of weeks. I think that should be a positive for stocks," said Michael Arone, chief investment strategist at State Street Global Advisors. Several of the biggest U.S. banks kick off the earnings season Thursday, and S&P financial sector profits are expected to be up 15.3 percent with revenues, up 7.5 percent, according to Thomson Reuters. "That in the short term should be and will be the next big thing that helps boost stock prices," Arone said. "I think the good news is we'll be heading toward earnings season, which hopefully will dampen some of the geopolitical noise, and get us back to the fundamentals that drive stocks." Yellen as 'second semester senior' Fed Chair Yellen, just days after the Fed minutes rocked stocks, appears in a laid-back college setting Monday afternoon at the University of Michigan. Yellen will take questions and she could be asked about the Fed's plan to start paring back its balance sheet, which grew to $4.5 trillion due to the financial crisis. The Fed's comment on that, and also the fact some officials see stock prices as too high, rippled through markets Wednesday afternoon. At the 4:10 p.m. ET address, she could be asked to elaborate. The Fed was fuzzy on how it would reduce the holdings of Treasurys and mortgages but said it would like to start this year. "I think if there's some directed questions regarding policy, she might be a little more open. I think she's been more forthcoming in these open forums," said Joe Song, senior U.S. economist at Bank of America Merrill Lynch. "It seems like she's a second semester senior in some ways. There's a light at the end of the tunnel. She's being a little more charismatic, a little more open," he said. Song said if Yellen is asked about the balance sheet, she will likely respond with the type of comments already made by New York Fed President William Dudley. Dudley said the Fed may raise rates a couple more times and then pause as it takes action with the balance sheet. He said the markets could move on her comments but she is unlikely to say anything very substantial. As for the economic data, the most important reports — retail sales and the consumer price index — are released Friday morning, when the stock market is closed but bond and other futures markets are open. Retail sales will be particularly important because of the sudden surprise slowdown in car sales in March. Excluding autos, sales are expected to be up 0.2 percent, but the headline number is expected to be down 0.1 percent. Consumer price index inflation is expected to be flat, but core is expected to rise 0.2 percent. Washington drama Congress is away for spring break, and the White House plans for the annual Easter egg roll on the day after Easter, but expect a lot of activity behind the scenes. Traders are hoping to hear more about what was discussed by Trump and Xi. Commerce Secretary Wilbur Ross told reporters Friday that Trump and Xi agreed to a 100-day plan to discuss trade. There also was some intrigue in Friday afternoon headlines about a possible shakeup among West Wing advisors. But the White House pushed back on reports that the president's advisor Steve Bannon and Chief of Staff Reince Priebus were being reassigned. The aftermath of the president's first significant military foray, the bombing of a Syrian air strip, will also be watched. Markets will also continue to be laser focused on any comments made from any quarter on the state of health care or tax reform, even if there is only minor movement. "All eyes will be on the big broad bucket that is Washington," said Arone. What to Watch Monday 4:10 p.m. Fed Chair Janet Yellen delivers remarks at the University of Michigan Ford School of Public Policy Tuesday 6:00 a.m. NFIB survey 10:00 a.m. JOLTS 1:45 p.m. Minneapolis Fed President Neel Kashkari Wednesday Earnings: Fastenal, Shaw Communications, Pier 1 Imports 8:30 a.m. Import prices 2:00 p.m. Federal budget Thursday Earnings: Citigroup, JPMorgan Chase, Wells Fargo, PNC Financial, Taiwan Semiconductor, First Republic Bank, Commerce Bancshares, Apogee, Infosys 8:30 a.m. Jobless claims 8:30 a.m. PPI Friday U.S. markets closed 8:30 a.m. Retail sales 8:30 a.m. CPI 10:00 a.m. Consumer sentiment 10:00 a.m. Business inventories Go to MSN Home Go to MSN Money Join the conversation Report Abuse Report inappropriate content Sorry! There was a problem. Please try again. Help us maintain a healthy and vibrant community by reporting any illegal or inappropriate behavior that violates MSN’s Code of Conduct. Select a category Spam Child pornography or exploitation Profanity, vulgarity or obscenity Copyright infringement Harassment or threat Threats of suicide Other Who posted the inappropriate comment (Required) Paste the unacceptable comment here submit Leave your comment AdChoices AdChoices AdChoices More from CNBC Aerospace & Defense ETF jumps after US missile strike on Syria CNBC The initial panic has passed, but Syria could still be a danger spot for traders CNBC PriceSmart shares sink after quarterly earnings fall short CNBC CNBC View the full site Feedback © 2017 Microsoft Privacy Legal About our Ads Feedback Help MSN Worldwide Newsletter Found the story interesting? Like us on Facebook to see similar stories I'm already a fan, don't show this again Send Feedback Provide Feedback Report a Problem We appreciate your input! Select a category: I'm having problems with Top Destinations I'm having issues searching I'm having problems with Featured Apps I see an error in the content Other How we can improve? Please give an overall site rating: Submit Close Privacy Statement Help Help & Support
Bloomberg the Company & Its ProductsBloomberg Anywhere Remote LoginBloomberg Anywhere LoginBloomberg Terminal Demo Request Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Philanthropy & Engagement Bloomberg London Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Execution & Order Management Data & Content Financial Data Management Integration & Distribution Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Philanthropy & Engagement Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Bloomberg London Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Advertising Bloomberg Media Distribution Bloomberg Live Conferences Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Execution & Order Management Data & Content Financial Data Management Integration & Distribution Bloomberg Tradebook Enterprise Products Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center MENU Homepage Markets Stocks Currencies Commodities Rates + Bonds Economics Magazine Benchmark Watchlist Economic Calendar Tech U.S. Global Startups Cybersecurity Digital Media Bloomberg Technology TV Hello World Studio 1.0 Pursuits Cars & Bikes Style & Grooming Spend Watches & Gadgets Food & Drinks Travel Real Estate Art & Design Brilliant Ideas Politics Global Risk Briefing How We’ll Know if Trump Is Making America Great Again Tracking Trump’s Web of Conflicts The Inauguration of Donald J. Trump On the March in Trump’s Capital Opinion View Gadfly Businessweek Subscribe Cover Stories Opening Remarks Etc Features 85th Anniversary Issue Behind The Cover More Science + Energy Graphics Billionaires Game Plan Small Business Personal Finance Live TV Inspire GO The David Rubenstein Show Sponsored Content Bloomberg About The Company Sign In Sign In Subscribe Photographer: Fred Dufour/AFP via Getty Images Most Asian Stocks Rise as Yen's Drop Lifts Topix: Markets Wrap by Adam Haigh @adhaigh More stories by Adam Haigh April 9, 2017, 6:23 PM EDT April 10, 2017, 2:22 AM EDT Korean shares slip with the won; oil extends last week’s gain Earnings from Prada, JPMorgan and Tesco are expected this week Most Asian stocks rose, with a falling yen pushing shares higher in Japan, as investors weighed the impact of the American jobs report and the path for U.S. monetary policy tightening. Equities in Tokyo and Sydney climbed with traders in the Asia Pacific region taking their first chance to react to worse-than-forecast U.S. hiring data. The Kospi slipped the most in more than five weeks and the won led losses among major currencies as geopolitical concerns lingered in South Korea. The yen weakened against the dollar for a third straight day. Oil added to last week’s rally. Financial markets are showing resilience in the face of Friday’s weaker employment figures for the world’s largest economy and a ratcheting up of geopolitical tensions, with demand for haven assets abating. While the jobs report was weaker than some had expected, it’s consistent with the U.S. economy growing at two percent this year, Federal Reserve Bank of St. Louis President James Bullard said in Melbourne Monday. Corporate results ramp up this week with earnings due from the likes of JPMorgan Chase & Co., Tesco Plc and Prada SpA. While most investors moved past last week’s missile attack on Syria, anxiety remained in South Korea amid speculation Donald Trump could make a similarly aggressive move against North Korea. An American aircraft carrier bound for Australia has been diverted to North Asia. Meanwhile, the much-anticipated meeting between Chinese President Xi Jinping and Trump ended with no mention of concrete measures to defuse tensions with Pyongyang. Read our Markets Live blog here: What investors will be watching this week: Argentina, Brazil, Canada, Chile and South Korea are among countries setting interest rates this week. U.S. banks will start reporting first-quarter earnings, led by Citigroup Inc., JPMorgan and Wells Fargo & Co. Fed Chair Janet Yellen speaks Monday in Ann Arbor, Michigan. Fed Bank of Minneapolis President Neel Kashkari will participate in a Q&A at a meeting of the Minnesota Business Partnership on Tuesday. NATO Secretary General Jens Stoltenberg will visit Washington and meet with Trump on Wednesday. European leaders remain anxious about the U.S. level of support after Trump’s complaints that some NATO nations weren’t paying their share. Here are the main moves in markets: Currencies The yen slid 0.3 percent to 111.37 per dollar as of 3:20 p.m. in Tokyo. South Korea’s won dropped 0.7 percent, sinking for a fifth straight day, the longest losing streak this year. The Aussie fell 0.2 percent after February home-loan data was weaker than expected.  The Bloomberg Dollar Spot Index rose less than 0.1 percent, after advancing 0.3 percent on Friday.  Stocks The Topix index rose 0.7 percent, advancing for a second day, and Australia’s S&P/ASX 200 Index added 0.9 percent. The Hang Seng index was little changed while the Shanghai Composite slipped 0.5 percent.  South Korea’s Kospi index declined 0.9 percent, dropping for a fifth day for the longest losing streak since June. Futures on the S&P 500 added 0.2 percent. The underlying gauge lost 0.3 percent last week. Bonds The yield on 10-year Australian government bonds rose three basis points to 2.58 percent.  The yield on 10-year Treasuries held at 2.38 percent. Commodities Gold was little changed at $1,254.39 per ounce. Oil rose 0.3 percent to $52.42 a barrel, after climbing more than 1 percent in each of the previous two sessions. WTI has gained for five straight days, the longest winning streak of the year. Iron ore futures slipped 1.1 percent after falling into a bear market on Friday. Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal. LEARN MORE Most Read America’s Retailers Are Closing Stores Faster Than Ever Delta Delays Drag Into Fifth Day, Testing Passengers' Patience A Foreign Threat to U.S. Treasuries That Dwarfs Fed's Debt Hoard San Francisco Skyline Remade by Tallest West Coast Office Tower Here's What Trump's Syria Strike Did to Markets, as Impact Eases Terms of Service Trademarks Privacy Policy ©2017 Bloomberg L.P. All Rights Reserved Careers Made in NYC Advertise Ad Choices Website Feedback Help
Sections Login / Register New York Miami Los Angeles TRData LLNYC News Residential Commercial Development Finance Tech Politics Architecture and Design Paydirt The Long View China Watch Magazine Current Issue The Closings Issue archives Special issue archive Subscribe to Magazine TRData Properties People Companies Deal Sheet Rankings Events Industry Calendar TRD Events TRD Info About us Advertising Careers The Real Deal New York Jamie Dimon urges overhaul of mortgage rules JPMorgan Chase CEO criticizes False Claims Act, calls for new servicing standards April 06, 2017 09:15AM Jamie Dimon JPMorgan Chase CEO Jamie Dimon called for an overhaul of federal mortgage regulations, arguing that “no rational person could think that everything that was done was good, fair, sensible and effective, or coherent and consistent in creating a safer and stronger system.” In a letter to shareholders, Dimon argued that the post-crisis financial regulatory framework contains “poorly conceived and uncoordinated regulations” that have prevented banks from lending and hurt ordinary Americans. But he said the Dodd-Frank Act and related laws should be reformed, not abandoned. For example, Dimon criticized that the False Claims Act makes it hard for banks to issue mortgages backed by the Federal Housing Administration because of the elevated risk of lawsuits. The law “has led us to scale back our participation in the FHA lending program in favor of less burdensome lending programs that serve the same consumer base – and we are not alone,” he wrote. Dimon also urged the Department of Treasury to simplify mortgage servicing rules. “New mortgage rules and regulations total more than 14,000 pages and stand about six feet tall,” he wrote. “In servicing alone, there are thousands of pages of federal and state servicing rules now – clearly driving up complexity and cost.” Uniform national servicing standards could increase mortgage lending by $300 billion, he claimed. [HousingWire] — Konrad Putzier Tags: Dodd-Frank, jamie dimon, JPMorgan Chase, Real Estate and Politics, Real Estate Finance Short URL Print Subscribe to our e-Lerts New York Real Estate News Daily Updates Weekly Roundup South Florida Real Estate News Daily Updates Weekly Roundup Los Angeles Real Estate News Daily Updates Weekly Roundup China Watch Coming soon! Weekly Roundup Popular Does the $79.5M Wildenstein sale mean the townhouse market is back? Condo developers set their sights on East Harlem and NoMad in Q1 Dov Hertz strikes first deal for his firm with $125M portfolio buy Century Development plans 88-unit building in Jamaica Eastern Star Development shooting for one of LIC’s priciest sellouts ever with $253M condo More Stories Sites South Florida Los Angeles TRData LLNYC Other Links Directory Shop About Us Staff Directory Contact Us Privacy Policy Careers STAY CONNECTED Join over 200,000 real estate professionals who receive our daily newsletter All rights reserved © 2017 The Real Deal is a registered Trademark of Korangy Publishing Inc. 450 West 31st Street, New York, NY 10001 Phone: 212-260-1332 Sections News Residential Commercial Development Finance Tech Politics Architecture and Design Paydirt The Long View China Watch Magazine Current Issue The Closings Issue archives Special issue archive Subscribe to Magazine TRData Properties People Companies Deal Sheet Rankings Events Industry Calendar TRD Events TRD Info About us Advertising Careers
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 9 April 2017 by Military News JPMorgan Chase announces earnings April 13 Shutterstock photo What’s Happening JPMorgan Chase ( JPM ) will release its first-quarter numbers on April 13. The company will report its quarterly results before the market open, with the consensus calling for earnings of $1.51 per share, up from $1.41 during the same period last year. The stock has lost 1.5% on the year. Technical Analysis JPM was recently trading at $85.88, down $8.10 from its 12-month high and $28.83 above its 12-month low. Technical indicators for JPM are bullish with a strong upward trend. The stock has recent support above $85.25 and recent resistance below $92.80. Of the 20 analysts who cover the stock, nine rate it a „strong buy”, 10 rate it a „hold”, and one rates it a „strong sell”. The stock receives S&P Capital IQ’s 4 STARS „Buy” ranking. Analyst’s Thoughts The banking sector has cooled off a bit over the last month, but overall sentiment remains very upbeat. Rising interest rates, President Trump’s plan to ease regulations, and promised tax reform all helped push bank stocks to new highs, but now there is some concern over President Trump’s ability to deliver on some of his campaign promises after the Republicans failed to reach an agreement on how to repeal and replace Obamacare. Despite the possibility that Trump will not be able to deliver tax reform, interest rates have started to rise. The Federal Reserve boosted rates in December, and then followed that with another increase in March, and analysts now expect two more rate hikes this year. Whether or not Trump is able to deliver tax reform could impact future rate hikes, but with the Fed raising rates twice in the last four months, big banks should already be starting to benefit. The consensus calls for JPM’s quarterly earnings to rise 7% versus the same period last year, but the street has an even higher whisper number of $1.59, which would translate to 12.8% year over year growth. JPM has a great earnings track record, and has topped analyst estimates by $0.12 or more each of the last four quarters, so another strong beat is not out of the question. The stock has an attractive P/E of 13.9, with earnings forecast to rise 8.6% in 2017 and 15.0% in 2018. I am bullish on the sector, and would suggest buying on any dip. Stock Only Trade If you’re looking to establish a long stock position in JPM, consider buying the stock under $86.00. Sell if it falls below $77.50 or take profits if it gets to $99.00. Bullish Trade If you want to set up a bullish hedged trade on JPM, consider a July 70/75 bull-put credit spread for a 40-cent credit. That’s a potential 8.7% return (30.2% annualized*) and the stock would have to fall 12.2% to cause a problem. Bearish Trade If you want to take a bearish stance on the stock at this time, consider a July 95/100 bear-call credit spread for a 50-cent credit. That’s a potential 11.1% return (38.6% annualized*) and the stock would have to rise 11.2% to cause a problem. Covered Call Trade If you like the stock, but wish to lower your cost basis on a new position, you may want to consider a June $85.00 covered call. Buy JPM shares (typically 100 shares, scale as appropriate), while selling the June $85.00 call for a debit of $81.95 per share. The trade has a target assigned return of 3.7%, and a target annualized return of 19.5% (for comparison purposes only). The views and opinions expressed herein are the views and opinions of the author and do not necessarily reflect those of Nasdaq, Inc. Originally published on InvestorsObserver.com CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Wells Fargo to post quarterly numbers April 13 Next PostNext Pier 1 Imports will release fiscal Q4 numbers April 12 Search Recent Posts HiFX Morning Update, April 10 2017 HiFX Morning Update, April 10 2017 BioTelemetry, Inc. Launches a Tender Offer to Acquire LifeWatch AG 2017 Monongahela NF Prescribed Fire (Prescribed Fire) National Public Safety Telecommunications Week Business Directory Business Contacts Proudly powered by WordPress
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Bel Fuse Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Bel Fuse Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News OMNOVA Solutions Inc. (OMN) Stake Cut by State Board of Administration of Florida Retirement System State Board of Administration of Florida Retirement System Has $429,000 Stake in New Relic Inc (NEWR) State Board of Administration of Florida Retirement System Holds Position in Ferroglobe PLC (GSM) State Board of Administration of Florida Retirement System Has $442,000 Position in SunPower Co. (SPWR) Bel Fuse, Inc. (BELFB) Position Held by State Board of Administration of Florida Retirement System 17,849 Shares in Black Knight Financial Services Inc (BKFS) Acquired by Russell Investments Group Ltd. Short Interest in Mettler-Toledo International Inc. (MTD) Decreases By 3.3% Dynegy Inc. (DYN) Bonds Trading 1% Lower Q4 2018 Earnings Forecast for Hudson's Bay Co (HBC) Issued By National Bank Financial Bottomline Technologies (EPAY) to Post Q2 2018 Earnings of $0.25 Per Share, First Analysis Forecasts Research Analysts Set Expectations for LSB Industries, Inc.’s Q1 2018 Earnings (LXU) Analysts Offer Predictions for Spartan Motors Inc’s Q1 2018 Earnings (SPAR) FY2017 EPS Estimates for Boston Private Financial Hldg Inc (BPFH) Increased by Analyst Hybridan Llp Comments on ProMetic Life Sciences Inc.’s FY2017 Earnings (PLI) Xtreme Drilling Corp (XDC) Forecasted to Post FY2017 Earnings of ($0.05) Per Share Q3 2017 Earnings Forecast for Acuity Brands, Inc. (AYI) Issued By Williams Capital Q2 2017 EPS Estimates for Blueprint Medicines Corp Raised by Wedbush (BPMC) Commerce Bancshares, Inc. to Post Q1 2017 Earnings of $0.63 Per Share, Jefferies Group Forecasts (CBSH) Hancock Holding Company (HBHC) to Post Q1 2017 Earnings of $0.56 Per Share, Jefferies Group Forecasts Williams Companies Target of Unusually High Options Trading (WMB) Bel Fuse, Inc. (BELFB) Position Held by State Board of Administration of Florida Retirement System April 9th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Tyrone Williams Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet State Board of Administration of Florida Retirement System continued to hold its stake in shares of Bel Fuse, Inc. (NASDAQ:BELFB) during the fourth quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The fund owned 14,093 shares of the company’s stock at the end of the fourth quarter. State Board of Administration of Florida Retirement System’s holdings in Bel Fuse were worth $435,000 at the end of the most recent quarter. A number of other large investors have also modified their holdings of the stock. JPMorgan Chase & Co. increased its position in shares of Bel Fuse by 69.5% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 534,013 shares of the company’s stock worth $12,890,000 after buying an additional 218,896 shares during the period. Russell Investments Group Ltd. purchased a new position in shares of Bel Fuse during the fourth quarter worth approximately $862,000. Hancock Holding Co. purchased a new position in shares of Bel Fuse during the third quarter worth approximately $556,000. Boston Partners increased its position in shares of Bel Fuse by 7.6% in the third quarter. Boston Partners now owns 284,815 shares of the company’s stock worth $6,875,000 after buying an additional 20,066 shares during the period. Finally, WealthTrust Axiom LLC purchased a new position in shares of Bel Fuse during the third quarter worth approximately $237,000. Hedge funds and other institutional investors own 57.79% of the company’s stock. Bel Fuse, Inc. (NASDAQ:BELFB) opened at 22.80 on Friday. The company’s market cap is $274.19 million. The stock has a 50 day moving average of $25.08 and a 200-day moving average of $27.73. Bel Fuse, Inc. has a 12 month low of $13.72 and a 12 month high of $33.60. The business also recently announced a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Monday, May 1st. Investors of record on Friday, April 14th will be paid a dividend of $0.07 per share. This represents a $0.28 annualized dividend and a yield of 1.23%. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Tuesday, April 11th. Bel Fuse’s dividend payout ratio is presently -5.33%. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION NOTICE: This story was first published by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are reading this story on another publication, it was illegally copied and reposted in violation of international trademark and copyright law. The legal version of this story can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/09/bel-fuse-inc-belfb-position-held-by-state-board-of-administration-of-florida-retirement-system.html. BELFB has been the subject of a number of analyst reports. Needham & Company LLC reissued a “hold” rating on shares of Bel Fuse in a research report on Tuesday, February 21st. B. Riley initiated coverage on shares of Bel Fuse in a research report on Monday, January 23rd. They issued a “buy” rating and a $39.00 price objective for the company. Bel Fuse Company Profile Bel Fuse Inc (Bel) designs, manufactures and markets a range of products that power, protect and connect electronic circuits. The Company’s products include magnetic solutions, power solutions and protection, and connectivity solutions. The Company’s operating segments are North America, Asia and Europe. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding BELFB? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Bel Fuse, Inc. (NASDAQ:BELFB). Receive News & Ratings for Bel Fuse Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Bel Fuse Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Government Wants to Know Trump Critic on Twitter Susan Rice Denies leaking Names of Officials in Intelligence Reports Senate Facing Showdown over Nomination of Neil Gorsuch Ex-Trump Advisor Michael Flynn Seeking Immunity Challenges on Rollback of Climate Policies to Come © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance ArcelorMittal SA - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for ArcelorMittal SA with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Stock Traders Buy Large Volume of Put Options on ArcelorMittal SA (MT) MBIA Target of Unusually Large Options Trading (MBI) Molina Healthcare, Inc. (MOH) Expected to Post Earnings of $0.58 Per Share SeaChange International (SEAC) Set to Announce Quarterly Earnings on Monday Bryn Mawr Bank Corp. (BMTC) Expected to Announce Earnings of $0.56 Per Share Analysts Expect DIALOG SEMICONDUCT GBP0.10 (DLGNF) to Post $0.46 EPS Somewhat Favorable Media Coverage Very Likely to Effect Ameriprise Financial (AMP) Stock Price DISH Network Corp (DISH) Receives Daily Media Sentiment Score of -0.01 Teekay LNG Partners L.P. (TGP) Given News Sentiment Score of 0.28 Maxim Integrated Products (MXIM) Given Daily News Impact Score of 0.10 Allot Communications (ALLT) Earning Somewhat Positive Media Coverage, AlphaOne Reports Somewhat Favorable News Coverage Very Likely to Effect Cal-Maine Foods (CALM) Stock Price Cinemark Holdings, Inc. (CNK) Expected to Announce Earnings of $0.53 Per Share Zacks: Brokerages Anticipate UMB Financial Corp (UMBF) to Post $0.84 Earnings Per Share Zacks: Analysts Anticipate Evogene Ltd (EVGN) Will Post Earnings of -$0.18 Per Share Analysts Anticipate Patterson Companies, Inc. (PDCO) Will Announce Earnings of $0.65 Per Share American Superconductor Co. (AMSC) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by HC Wainwright A Schulman (SHLM) Receives Media Sentiment Rating of -0.12 Somewhat Critical Press Coverage Unlikely to Effect MDC Partners (MDCA) Stock Price Teledyne Technologies (TDY) Getting Somewhat Negative Press Coverage, AlphaOne Reports Stock Traders Buy Large Volume of Put Options on ArcelorMittal SA (MT) April 9th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Jeff Wilder Filed Under: Finance - Options Articles Tweet ArcelorMittal SA (NYSE:MT) saw some unusual options trading on Thursday. Traders acquired 5,011 put options on the stock. This represents an increase of 537% compared to the typical daily volume of 787 put options. Shares of ArcelorMittal SA (NYSE:MT) traded down 0.85% during trading on Friday, reaching $8.17. The company had a trading volume of 20,865,525 shares. ArcelorMittal SA has a 12 month low of $4.18 and a 12 month high of $9.37. The firm has a 50 day moving average price of $8.73 and a 200 day moving average price of $7.48. The company has a market cap of $24.99 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 13.18 and a beta of 2.06. A number of research firms have recently commented on MT. JPMorgan Chase & Co. upgraded ArcelorMittal SA from a “neutral” rating to an “overweight” rating and lifted their price objective for the stock from $8.40 to $8.44 in a research note on Friday, March 31st. Credit Suisse Group AG set a $15.00 price objective on ArcelorMittal SA and gave the stock a “buy” rating in a research note on Saturday, March 25th. Cowen and Company upgraded ArcelorMittal SA from a “market perform” rating to an “outperform” rating and lifted their price objective for the stock from $10.00 to $11.00 in a research note on Thursday, March 23rd. They noted that the move was a valuation call. Zacks Investment Research upgraded ArcelorMittal SA from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $10.00 price objective on the stock in a research note on Wednesday, March 22nd. Finally, Goldman Sachs Group Inc reiterated a “buy” rating on shares of ArcelorMittal SA in a research note on Friday, February 17th. Four research analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating, twelve have assigned a buy rating and one has assigned a strong buy rating to the company. The stock presently has a consensus rating of “Buy” and an average price target of $7.35. Several institutional investors have recently bought and sold shares of MT. Tide Point Capital Management LP boosted its position in ArcelorMittal SA by 85.1% in the fourth quarter. Tide Point Capital Management LP now owns 8,330,860 shares of the company’s stock worth $60,815,000 after buying an additional 3,830,860 shares during the period. JPMorgan Chase & Co. boosted its position in ArcelorMittal SA by 73.1% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 5,607,239 shares of the company’s stock worth $33,868,000 after buying an additional 2,368,359 shares during the period. Two Sigma Investments LP boosted its position in ArcelorMittal SA by 11,710.2% in the fourth quarter. Two Sigma Investments LP now owns 2,992,587 shares of the company’s stock worth $21,846,000 after buying an additional 2,967,248 shares during the period. FMR LLC boosted its position in ArcelorMittal SA by 735.3% in the fourth quarter. FMR LLC now owns 2,870,010 shares of the company’s stock worth $20,951,000 after buying an additional 2,526,400 shares during the period. Finally, Jane Street Group LLC boosted its position in ArcelorMittal SA by 2,925.5% in the third quarter. Jane Street Group LLC now owns 2,492,979 shares of the company’s stock worth $15,058,000 after buying an additional 2,410,579 shares during the period. Institutional investors own 3.46% of the company’s stock. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION NOTICE: This piece was posted by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are reading this piece on another website, it was stolen and republished in violation of United States & international copyright legislation. The legal version of this piece can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/09/stock-traders-buy-large-volume-of-put-options-on-arcelormittal-sa-mt.html. ArcelorMittal SA Company Profile ArcelorMittal SA is a Luxembourg- based holding company. It is an integrated steel and mining company. It operates through five segments: NAFTA; Europe; Brazil; Africa and Commonwealth of Independent States (ACIS) and Mining. The NAFTA segment produces flat, long and tubular products. The Brazil segment includes the flat operations of Brazil, and the long and tubular operations of Brazil and neighboring countries. Receive News & Ratings for ArcelorMittal SA Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for ArcelorMittal SA and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Government Wants to Know Trump Critic on Twitter Susan Rice Denies leaking Names of Officials in Intelligence Reports Senate Facing Showdown over Nomination of Neil Gorsuch Ex-Trump Advisor Michael Flynn Seeking Immunity Challenges on Rollback of Climate Policies to Come © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Helping the world invest better since 1993. Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Latest Stock Picks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 227% 68% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 98% 57% Income Investor Dividend stocks 46% 42% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 57% 54% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 47% 31% Returns as of 3/20/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks | IRAs | Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2016 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s | 30s | 40s | 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I Reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2017 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Our Mission: Helping the World Invest — Better Founded in 1993 by brothers Tom and David Gardner, The Motley Fool helps millions of people attain financial freedom through our website, podcasts, books, newspaper column, radio show, and premium investing services. Who is The Motley Fool? About Us Foolanthropy Fool.com Site Help Media Inquiries Contact Us Fool Podcasts Motley Fool Money Marketfoolery Industry Focus Motley Fool Answers Rule Breaker Investing Social Media + Facebook Twitter Discussion Boards CAPS - Stock Picking Community Latest Stock Picks Stocks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 227% 68% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 98% 57% Income Investor Dividend stocks 46% 42% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 57% 54% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 47% 31% Returns as of 3/20/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks IRAs Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2016 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s Retirement Guide: 30s Retirement Guide: 40s Retirement Guide: 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2016 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Community Who is The Motley Fool? About Us Foolanthropy Fool.com Site Help Media Inquiries Contact Us Fool Podcasts Motley Fool Money Marketfoolery Industry Focus Motley Fool Answers Rule Breaker Investing Social Media + Facebook Twitter Discussion Boards CAPS - Stock Picking Community Login Search Search: A Guide to PNC and Shareholder Letters Last week we talked about how great U.S. Bancorp's efficiency ratio is, but PNC Bank has an even better one. John Maxfield (JohnMaxfield37) Apr 9, 2017 at 1:13PM Over the past two decades, PNC Financial Services Group (NYSE:PNC) has evolved into one of the best-managed companies in the financial services sector. Listen in to this episode of Industry Focus: Financials, as The Motley Fool's Gaby Lapera and John Maxfield dissect what's behind its success. A full transcript follows the video. This video was recorded on April 3, 2017. Gaby Lapera: Hello, everyone! Welcome to Industry Focus, the podcast that dives into a different sector of the stock market every day. You're listening to the Financials edition, taped today on Monday, April 3, 2017. My name is Gaby Lapera, and joining me on Skype is John Maxfield, banking specialist. How's it going, John? John Maxfield: It's going great, Gaby. How are you doing? Lapera: Pretty good! I'm pumped to have you on the show two times in the last two weeks. Maxfield: Lucky you, huh? Lucky listeners. I'm being facetious, though. Lapera: I'm sure they're so excited to hear more about banks, because that's what we're going to talk about today, banks. I know it's a surprise, because the title of the episode isn't Industry Focus: Financials or anything. We thought we'd switch it up again with more banks. [laughs]  Maxfield: The old banking bait and switch. Lapera: At least we crack ourselves up, John. [laughs]  Maxfield: [laughs] Only us. Maybe our moms. Lapera: My mom says hi, by the way. My mom loves Maxfield, listeners, in case you're curious. Although she did say you talked a little too quickly on the last episode, and she wants you to slow down so she can hear every word. Maxfield: I love your mom, she's our most committed listener, and I agree with her that I sometimes talk way too fast. Lapera: [laughs] In that case, now that we're done with this small talk, let's talk about PNC Bank and shareholder letters. We're going to interweave the two topics. Let's start with what's going on with PNC Bank in general right now. The reason we picked PNC Bank to begin with is because after doing that [U.S. Bancorp] (NYSE: USB) episode last week, which, if you want to link to that, I'm happy to send it. Maxfield finally published that article on the Richard Davis interview. If you emailed me about that, I'm going to email you back as soon as the show is over and send that to you. If anyone else wants that article, I'm more than happy to email it to you. Our email is industryfocus@fool.com. Winding back, the reason we're talking about PNC Bank is because we talked about how great U.S. Bancorp's efficiency ratio is, and PNC Bank has an even better one. Maxfield: Yeah. If you think about it, when you're analyzing banks as an investor, there's a couple of statistics that are really central that you're going to want to check first. Efficiency ratio is one of those. We talked about it last week, the efficiency ratio tells you the percentage of net revenue that is being consumed by operating expenses. Most banks want to get around 60%, that's what most are targeting right now. But PNC's efficiency ratio is 52.5%. So, what does that mean? The average bank in its peer group has a 62% efficiency ratio. What that means is that 10% more of PNC's revenue is available to pay taxes, cover loan-loss provisions, and to drop to the bottom line. So it has an enormous advantage right out of the chute. Lapera: Definitely. And the things that make up the efficiency ratio are expenses and assets.  Maxfield: Expenses and revenue, rather. Lapera: Expenses and revenue, sorry. Not assets. Thank you. What I was going to say is, PNC has the highest revenue as a percent of asset. PNC does have the highest revenue as a percent of assets in its class, and it's over 1%, which is great. That's generally what you want to see in banks, anything over 1% is gravy. Most banks are not there yet. Maxfield: I think we mixed up some numbers. Their revenue as a percent of assets is 4.92%, which is the highest in its peer group, and its peer group are the really large, too-big-to-fail banks, JPMorgan Chase (NYSE: JPM), Citigroup (NYSE: C), Bank of America (NYSE: BAC), Wells Fargo (NYSE: WFC), plus other large regional banks. So that's the largest with one exception, and that is Capital One (NYSE: COF). The reason that Capital One's revenue is so high as a percentage of assets is because a very large portion of its loan portfolio consists of credit card loans, and those yield, as everybody knows, a lot more than, say, a home mortgage does. So its revenue as a percent of assets is the top in its peer group. But then, if you translate that over into profitability, that's where that 1.1% return on assets is. When you're talking about profitability for banks, there's two measures that you want to look at: your return on assets and your return on equity. Return on assets is basically your unlevered profitability. Your return on equity is your levered profitability. Here's the interesting thing about PNC, and this is one of the reasons that it doesn't pop up a lot when investors are looking for the top-performing banks -- it's because their return on common equity last year was 8.58%. When you're looking for a 10% return on equity, you think, that's actually meaningfully below that standard industry benchmark that you want to see. But the reason that it's below, as we see with its good return on assets, is just because it's not very levered, which means it's a very safe bank that's still earning a lot of money if you look at it on a levered basis. Lapera: Yes. And in my defense, 4.92% is above 1%. [laughs]  Maxfield: [laughs] Absolutely. And, just for the listeners, sometimes I throw a whole bunch of numbers at Gaby as we're preparing for the show, and anybody who listens to the show knows how fast I sometimes talk, so Gaby, I'm sure you're sometimes overwhelmed by them. Lapera: So the main takeaways from that little section that we just talked about is, revenue as a percent of assets, you want it to be at 1% or higher for a bank that you're looking at in general, and return on common equity, you generally wanted to be above 10%. But not as big a deal for PNC that it's at 8.6% because of how unlevered it is. That actually gives us a great segue into, PNC Bank is like Thomas Jefferson, because literally all of its acquisitions are like the Louisiana Purchase. For our listeners who are not as familiar with history, I don't know how many of those there are, the Louisiana Purchase bought us a huge segment of the country that was originally owned by France, and we got it for super cheap. PNC does that all the time. Maxfield: Yeah, I love that comparison. You know what it shows? It's the United States really knows how to work with cycles. If you look at the Louisiana Purchase, they picked it up for pennies on the dollar because France was a distressed seller at the time because they were in the middle of a war with Great Britain. There's the same situation with Alaska. We picked it up for pennies on the dollar in a distressed sale from Russia, who needed to get money at the time. That's the exact same way, not only to grow a country -- although I think some people would question whether or not the people who are buying and selling things like the Louisiana Purchase actually had title to buy and sell the Louisiana Purchase, but that's neither here nor there -- the point being, in the bank industry, if you want to grow, the way to do it is be responsible, be prudent with your lending, then wait until troubled times, and then pick up the lenders who are not able to be responsible or prudent when the bubble is inflating. So you can get them for literally pennies on the dollar. And that's exactly what PNC has done. About a decade ago, it bought Riggs Bank after it ran into some problems, it bought National City during the financial crisis and it more than doubled in size. Just recently, over the past few years, it picked up about 400 branches in another acquisition. Lapera: And these are also great purchases because, much like Alaska had oil, or the Louisiana Purchase had, really, a variety of resources and interesting things in it, the banks that PNC has been picking up have not been in terribly bad positions. It's not like Bank of America and Countrywide. They are much better, in general, in terms of credit quality, after. Maxfield: Yeah, that's a great point. The big one to think about is that National City acquisition that happened during the financial crisis. That was actually forced on National City by the regulators. Not only that, but then PNC went and got billions of dollars worth of money from the TARP program that National City was denied and used that money to actually acquire National City. So it's an interesting subplot to all of that.  Lapera: Definitely. So, now that you have a little bit of background on PNC and us gushing over it, let's talk about the shareholder letter. For those of you unfamiliar, the shareholder letter generally appears at the beginning of a company's 10-K every year. The 10-K is the SEC filing that the companies put in at the end of the year that's basically like, "This is how are company did for the whole year," and it has all the numbers for the whole year and year over year metrics and explanations of where they think the company is going, stuff like that. So, pretty important SEC filing in general. This is just the very front half of it. Normally, shareholder letters are what you would expect them to be, because they are, in theory, written by the CEO, but they're probably written by a media team in conjunction with the CEO, which is full of corporate speak and not very transparent to people reading them. But this was a very interesting shareholder letter, because it had less ... what's a safe for work word for BS? [laughs]  Maxfield: Corporate jargon. Lapera: Corporate jargon, it had less corporate jargon than the average letter. I know that John and I have talked about this quite a bit. We love writing; there was that great writing episode we did over a year ago now. One of the most important things about writing is that, when you write, you need to be well organized. This was probably one of the best organized shareholder letters that I've ever seen. What about you, Maxfield? Maxfield: I agree. I was struck, I have never read, their CEO is a guy named William Demchak, who used to be at JPMorgan Chase for a while, and did stuff in their investment bank. I've read a lot of letters, but I hadn't read one of his before, so when I opened this up last week, or a couple weeks ago, I was really surprised by the quality of it. The first thing that struck me, to your point, Gaby, was the organization of it. I'm a writer; I'm an editor. You're a writer, you're an editor. So we appreciate these nuances. And what I found is, that very first paragraph -- and this is a tip for people who are interested in improving their writing -- that very first paragraph in Demchak's letter lays out his case, it totally provides a summary conclusion of his case, right out of the gate. What that allows you to do is test his perspective, his conclusion, relative to the facts that he lays out in the letter. And what that shows is, he is confident enough in PNC's performance that he's willing to lay it out and have people test what he has to say about that. So I think it's a great letter. But the other reason that is such a good shareholder letter, in my opinion, is that it does a really good job teasing out the natural tension that bank CEOs and executive have between growing aggressively and growing responsibly. You have to grow as a business. And as a bank, it's really easy to grow because all you have to do is jack up your loan volume by reducing your credit standards. But the problem with that is, you then take on these riskier loans, which then, in a crisis, can subject you to an existential issue. But you still have to grow. You have to balance these competing objectives. And I think Demchak does an excellent job in his letter teasing out that tension. Lapera: Yeah. Something else, for people who are looking for writing tips, one of the other really impressive things about this letter is that he really keeps in mind who his audience is. He lays out his thesis, and then right away, he hits all of the really important numbers, and then he lays out his framework, his road map for where he sees the company going, along with the letter, which is a really great way to lay anything out. But as with all things, we encourage you to think critically about this, before we sound just like an ad for William Demchak and PNC bank. One of the most important things to do when you read anything written by a company is look at it with a critical eye, because you have to understand that there's more going on than what they're saying here. And I think one of the best examples, there's a few, but a really interesting example is share repurchases. I'm on Page 2 of the shareholder letter, and it says, "In 2016, we returned more than $3 billion in capital to shareholders. Repurchases for the full year totaled 22.8 million common shares for $2.3 billion, and we paid $1.1 billion in common stock dividends." Maxfield, what is PNC currently valued at? It's like 2.1 times book or something, right? Maxfield: Right, 2.1 times book. Lapera: So the question is, most people would look at that and be like, "Was that actually a really good move, for them to repurchase shares at 2.1 times book?" If they even think to think that, and they're like, "Oh, that's nice, they returned value to the shareholders by buying stock purchases." But the savvy investor would think, "Hey, does that actually make sense, to buy your stock when it's so expensive?" Maxfield: Right. Ideally, when a company buys back its stock, it wants to buy it back cheap, because that's the way that a buyback is accretive to the book value of remaining shareholders. So in the banking world, you want to buy back, and this is ideal, but, in an ideal situation, you want to be buying back your stock at 1 times or less than 1 times book value, because that means you're basically buying dollars for $0.90 or $0.80, depending on what the valuation is. Then, once you get up to that 2 times book value and above, your repurchases actually start to destroy value for the remaining shareholders. But here's the problem that banks run into when it comes to allocating their capital. Generally, the Federal Reserve doesn't want a bank to distribute their dividends more than a third or 40% of their earnings. That leaves two-thirds to 60% of their earnings that a bank either has to retain on its balance sheet, or in some other way, get it off its balance sheet. And the only other way to get that capital off its balance sheet is through share repurchasing. So the question is, is it still a good idea when there's a high valuation, to be repurchasing shares as a bank? And the answer is, they really don't have a choice. If they retain all of that capital on their balance sheet, it will drive down the return on equity, and thereby potentially incentivize the executive to reduce their credit standards and jack up their loan volume, jack up their revenue, to offset the downward pull on their return on equity by all this additional capital that's on the balance sheet. So, a bank, in terms of buying back their shares at a high valuation, is it ideal? No. But do banks have any other choice? Not really. Lapera: Yeah. So, this is a great example of them presenting you with something, and they're like, "This is positive," and if you think about it a little bit more, you're like, "I'm not sure if it's positive," but then when you think about it even more, it turns out it's probably net-neutral. My next example of this is actually, you should read corporate shareholders' letters with a grain of salt, because one of the things that a lot of banks like to talk about is their corporate responsibility, their commitment to volunteering and helping the communities that they're in. If you're with me on the shareholder letter, if you've downloaded it from the PNC website, if you flip to Page 7, Delivering For Our Communities, there's a whole section on how much volunteers in PNC did for the communities that they're in. And I think it's natural for most people to be suspicious of most corporations saying, "Look at all the good things we did!" And that's a fair thing, because there are complicated factors at play here that you don't really see. And one of the things he actually brings up is that PNC knows that when their communities thrive, our business thrives. So, they're basically saying, "We're investing into the community because we know we're going to get a lot back from the community." Maxfield: Yeah. And when a bank or any company is investing in the community, first of all, that's good, and that's an important thing, and we should applaud that. But to your point, it's not like a bank or a company doesn't get anything from that. And this is what I think about, whenever I hear corporate executives talking about giving back to the community, there's a memory from my childhood that it brings up. I grew up in a small town in Wyoming, an agricultural community, and bankers are really important there, because that's what allows you to buy farms, for typical person, because most people in small towns don't have enough money to go out and buy a farm. So, you get to know your bankers pretty well. And what you find in these communities is, the very best bankers, the ones that are able to act as a magnet for the best borrowers in their areas, these bankers are the ones that are the most involved in their community. They sit on the boards of the local hospitals, they are involved in the local schools, they chair the local Boy Scouts League. They do all of these different things, and they do it, basically, in effect, to market to the local community. And the other part of that is, under federal legislation, specifically it's called the Community Reinvestment Act, banks are obligated by federal law to reinvest in their community, and make sure the deposits that they're collecting aren't being translated into loans in larger metropolitan areas. To your point, Gaby, there's two things here. First, it's good for business to invest in the community. So, it's not just totally gratuitous. The second part is that, to a certain extent, they don't have a choice investing in the community. Lapera: Yeah. So, when you see corporations giving themselves a huge pat on the back, like, yes, it is really good that they did these wonderful things, but they're also, A, to some extent, required to do it, and B, they're probably going to get something out of it, too. And there's some examples in here, and if you want to email me about them, I'm more than happy to chat. Maxfield: One last thing I want to hit before we move on to another topic is, when you're reading through this -- and Demchak is talking about cycles -- here's what he says about where we're at right now. He talks about, in 2016, their shareholder return, even though their shareholder return over a three-year period ranks it first and its peer group, its stock in 2016 underperformed its peer group. So the question is, why? And this is what Demchak says. "To some extent, this is the result of the long-term strategic decisions we made not to pursue short-term revenue opportunities that are inconsistent with our risk appetite, and to continue to invest in our franchise." So, what he is saying there is that right now, where the banking industry is at, they are almost getting into that zone where any additional loan growth right now will almost out of necessity come from reducing your loan standards. And that is not a good thing. You don't want to see other banks doing that. But you get the impression from what Demchak says in his letter that other banks are doing that. But he's claiming that PNC isn't. Now, you don't know for sure until, as Buffett would say, the water goes out. But it's reassuring that he points this thing out in his letter. Lapera: Yeah, definitely. That actually does fit into this general theme that we're discussing of decoding corporate speak. He's not trying to hide anything here, but because of the way these letters are written, sometimes they say something and the meaning is a little obscured. I don't know if you guys can see this, I guess you can only see this if you're watching the video, I go through and write down what each section actually means. So the whole eight page letter ends up being something like three paragraphs worth of sentences of what they actually mean when they say something. Sometimes, it's not a negative thing; it's just them having to use corporate speak, that John just decoded right there. There is one other thing that I found really interesting that they presented as a positive thing, one of the things that they're driving at, which is that they're interested in growing their consumer loans, but they're interested in growing it in surprising categories. For me, as someone who is familiar with the industry and the economic layout that we have right now, what is that they're interested in growing credit cards, student credit cards, and auto lending, which is an interesting set of things to be interested in growing for your consumer lending. Especially auto lending, which is pretty widely considered to be about to be a bubble right now. So, it's interesting, that they're like, "We want to grow this." What do you think about that? Maxfield: What's interesting about that is that it's opposed against all these other conversation about responsible growth. When he talks about one of the elements of their growth strategy going forward, and talking about getting a deeper concentration in consumer loans, specifically credit cards and auto finance, it does certainly present itself as an interesting juxtaposition. What I would say is, his argument is that they need to balance out their consumer portfolio relative to their commercial portfolio better. So the question is, you just have to assume they're going to move into those areas in a responsible way. And if you don't feel comfortable with the management moving into those areas, then you certainly should avoid their stock. Lapera: Definitely. So it's one of those things that, you should read this as a potential investor and think, "Is this a path forward that I should agree with? Do I think this is conservative and in line with what they CEO is saying is conservative? Or am I just not interested at all?" Especially with student credit cards, those can get kind of dicey, although he does mention that he wants to use appropriate disclosures and other protections. But, those tend to have some more problems than regular credit cards, because it's a group of people that aren't as experienced, and don't have as high financial literacy, potentially, as other consumers. So let's talk a little bit of about other information that was in the shareholder letter that's interesting. We mentioned previously, they are looking to grow their consumer loan portfolio through credit cards and auto lending, but they're also looking at growing in other ways. One of the most interesting ways is investing in tech and innovation. Maxfield: Yeah. If you think about where the banking industry is at right now, there are literally thousands of these so-called fintech firms, these are smaller technology firms that are trying to creep into the financials space. In order for banks to be able to fend them off and protect their competitive position in the years and decades ahead, they have to be innovating and investing in the digital experience of their customers, in order to continue to fend off these fintech companies. This is something that William Demchak talked a lot about in his letter. And there's one thing in particular that he mentions in there that I found really interesting, it's this conversation about open APIs. What an API is is, basically ... [laughs] I don't know what it stands for, but, what it is, is, it allows developers on the outside of a bank to automatically tap into the data streams in these banks. If you think about a mint.com or something like that, or the Mint app, where it can aggregate information from your bank account, your credit card account, your mortgage, other things like that. It's accessing a lot of that information through an API. One of the things about APIs is that, while it allows those banking services to run through third-party apps, what it's doing is it's masking that bank brand behind that third party app. So, it's a really interesting thing. Again, it's kind of like buybacks. Banks have to invest, they have to go down these routes, even if they could be disruptive to their traditional businesses, because in order to survive and in order to survive the institutional imperative that's going on in the industry right now, in order to survive another day and continue banking in 10, 20, 100 years, they have to make these investments. Lapera: Listeners, and Maxfield, API stands for application program interface. Maxfield: [laughs] Thank you. Lapera: You're welcome. But, more to your point, one of the facts brought up in the shareholder letter is that 60% of PNC's retail customers use non-teller channels for the majority of their transactions. That's basically mobile apps. So it's really important that they're expanding into this space. I think that's up from 40% just three years ago. That's an incredible growth. Maxfield: Yeah, think about that. 60% of their customers are using non-branch channels for a majority of their transactions, and that's up from 40%. A few years from now, it could be 80%, and after that, it could be 90% and then 100%. It just goes to show how revolutionary the changes that are going on in the banking industry are right now. Lapera: Definitely. And one of the things they have to look at is, what are they going to do with the physical branches? It sounds like PNC has a strategy. They are shifting away from full service branches to smaller -- to literally smaller footprint buildings with fewer people in them because they don't really need as many human beings doing work. Which is interesting. Actually, this segues perfectly into our next growth opportunity, which is, they are interested in growing the middle market, without opening any branches. I was joking before the show that whenever you say middle market, it sounds weird and opaque, it sounds like some kind of business that has something to do with some kind of financial vehicle that has an acronym that's equally opaque, but it's not, it's just businesses that are somewhere between $5 million and $1 billion, because that's a small, manageable range, [laughs] you know? Maxfield: It's not like the black market, that's for sure. Lapera: No, it's not the black market. They're not sitting around doing credit-default swaps or whatever it is. It's literally just lending to middle-sized businesses. I just think that's funny. Maxfield: His point on that was great. He's saying, "Look, before, what we found was, in order to attract these corporate customers, these middle market corporate customers, what we found is that you had to have an established retail branch network in that area." What he's saying in this letter is, they are finding that in order to pursue those markets in specific geographical locations, they actually don't need physical retail branches there anymore. So they're going to move into Dallas, Kansas City, and Minneapolis, where they don't have physical branch networks, but they're going to start lending there much more aggressively. When you think about this, and you look at their footprint, PNC Financial could grow still significantly from where they are today in the future, which is different than those really big banks in the United States, because there's a limit to how much the grow, because they're already in some of these different markets. Lapera: Definitely. This also speaks to the efficiency ratio that we were talking about earlier. They're keeping expenses down by not opening new branches when they don't need to open new branches, and they're doing that by testing and learning, which is one of the most important things that companies need to do in order to survive. Because if they just cruise along doing exactly what they've been doing for 100 years, it's not going to work out great, especially with how quickly things are changing for companies now. Maxfield: Yeah. And to that point, he says in here, they're in their fourth year of a five-year, $1.2 billion plan to modernize the company's infrastructure and to build out key technological and operational capabilities. One of the things he says in that conversation is that, in 2017, the current year, they finally expect those investments to begin generating net expense savings. He goes on to say that will help to fund initiatives to enhance innovation and capabilities further. So, all these investments that they're making, they are now finally coming to fruition, and starting to impact the bottom line. Lapera: Yeah. So there's a lot of really good information in the shareholder letter, a lot of really interesting things to think about. I highly encourage everyone to go ahead and do their own literature review, which is what today essentially was, of the shareholder letter, and let me know what you actually think of it. Speaking of, Maxfield, PNC, would you buy it? Maxfield: I, as maybe I have hinted in the past, I am not buying any stocks right now. And the reason I'm not buying any stocks right now is because it's my opinion that the market is really high. And people are going to say, "John, you're market timing; that's not what you stand for." As a general rule, at The Motley Fool, that is not what we stand for. However, I think we have this inflation induced bump up in bank stocks in general, so I'm generally staying away from them right now, looking for better opportunities in the future. However, if you're looking for a good bank stock to put on your watch list to watch in the future, if there is a correction in the market, I think PNC Financial is a great selection because, No. 1, I think it has a very good CEO, William Demchak, and No. 2, he's young, he's only 55, which means he could still be around for another decade running the bank, and No. 3, because it's a regional bank, and because its growth opportunities are so promising, this is a stock that could really do well over a very long period of time. Lapera: Yeah, I agree with you. And also, listeners, I have to do my usual legal disclosure which is, we are not recommending this personally for you. This is just our personal opinion. It really is up to you. You need to do your own research and think about how this type of investment would fit into your portfolio, and whether or not it actually makes sense to you. But I would agree that PNC is definitely an interesting bank to look at. I think William Demchak is a straight shooter, which is not something that I think is frequently said about bank CEOs. I actually love, there was a section in here where Demchak threw some serious shade on Wells Fargo. Wells Fargo remained unnamed, basically saying, they have a high commitment to making sure that the people at PNC know what the deal is, and it's not to create fraudulent accounts. Also, I realized today that not everyone knows what throwing shade means. It means casting aspersions on, insulting. So now you can use that. It's cool street slang with your kids. I would love that. Send me a story if you actually say "throwing some shade on you, kid," because I think that would be hilarious. But yeah, I agree. I think PNC is definitely an interesting stock to research. I'm also not buying stocks right now, so I'm not going to buy anything, because mostly, I tapped out my account with that Industry Focus-helps-Gaby-pick-stocks week we had a few weeks ago, so I have no money to buy stocks. But yeah. One point that I wanted to finish up with, unless, Maxfield, did you have anything else you wanted to say about PNC or shareholder letters in general? Maxfield: No, just to reiterate the the point that I don't recommend people to buy it right now, but I recommend people keep their eye on it, and if a better opportunity comes up, think about it at that point. Lapera: Good. My final point is, the other really good thing to look at is conference calls. If you can keep your grubby little hands on a conference call, that is great, because it's a question and answer format where analysts in the industry who are very familiar with it are asking pointed questions to the executives. It's a good way of knowing whether or not executives know what they're talking about, whether they're bluffing, what's going on. It's an exact transcript of everything that everyone has said. Conference calls are also a really good place to learn new things, because you have these analysts asking these really technical questions with all sorts of new words that you might not know, or concepts that you might not be aware of. And every time you see a new one, you just look it up and add it to your mental toolkit for being able to analyze banks in the future. Last point, this is financial literacy month, apparently. I just got an email today about it. So get ready for a financial-literacy episode soon. In the meantime, go out and increase your own financial literacy. As usual, people on the program may have interests in the stocks they talk about, and The Motley Fool may have recommendations for or against, so don't buy or sell stocks based solely on what you hear. Contact us at industryfocus@fool.com, or by tweeting us, @MFIndustryFocus, and let us know what you would like to hear next. Thank you to Heather Horton, today's rad producer, and thank you to you all for joining us. Everyone, have a great week! Gaby Lapera owns shares of JPMorgan Chase. John Maxfield owns shares of Bank of America, US Bancorp, and Wells Fargo. The Motley Fool has no position in any of the stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author John Maxfield (JohnMaxfield37) John has written for The Motley Fool since 2011. If you like what you see, then you should follow him on Twitter. Follow @OneMarlandRoad Article Info Apr 9, 2017 at 1:13PM Financials Stocks PNC Financial Services NYSE:PNC $119.17 down $0.09 (-0.08%) Read More How 1 Regional Bank Crushed Its Competitors 3 Regional Banks That Return the Most Capital to Shareholders The Top-Performing Big Bank Stocks From the Past Decade Forget Bank of America Corporation: Here Are 4 Better Dividend Stocks The 5 Most Profitable Big Banks in America Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Accessibility Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2017 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current A Guide to PNC and Shareholder Letters @themotleyfool #stocks $PNC
Newsroom Advertise News Alerts Weather School Closings (WJAC) My Account Search for: Select Home News Local News Top Stories National News International News Opinions Features Business News Election Marcellus Shale Health News Partner News Sports Local Sports National Sports PSU Sports News Spikes Obituaries Crime A & E Events Taste of Home Contest Classifieds Shop Weekly Circulars Grocery Coupons Gift Cards & More Half Off Deals Celebrations Celebrations Submission Clearfield-Lawrence Consolidation Home / News / Business News / Bank earnings galore; Big muscle cars; Will Trump call China a currency manipulator? Bank earnings galore; Big muscle cars; Will Trump call China a currency manipulator? Posted on Sunday, April 9, 2017 by CNN in Business News 1. Bank earnings galore: On Thursday, JPMorgan Chase, Wells Fargo and Citigroup will report their first quarter earnings. JPMorgan’s fourth quarter profits, reported in January, were better than expected. CEO Jamie Dimon said at the time that his general outlook was rosy. This week, Dimon appeared even more optimistic in his annual letter to shareholders, where he bragged about his bank’s monster balance sheet. Wells Fargo, on the other hand, is still feeling the effects of its fake accounts debacle. The Department of Labor this week ordered Wells Fargo to rehire a whistleblower it fired in 2010 and pay him $5.4 billion in lost wages. But Wells Fargo’s $110 million settlement with wronged customers might help it move away from the scandal, and some analysts say rising interest rates mean both Wells Fargo and Citigroup will exceed expectations. Still, it’s been a rocky ride for bank stocks, which soared after Donald Trump was elected but have slumped since then. 2. China a currency manipulator? President Trump met with Chinese President Xi Jinping for the first time on Thursday. Trump has spoken harshly of China in the past — he believes the country has kept its currency artificially low, a move he says has been harming the U.S. economy. President Trump said his Treasury department would declare China a currency manipulator on the first day of his term — but Treasury Secretary Steve Mnuchin hasn’t made up his mind yet. And experts don’t think Trump will go there now that he’s president. The Treasury Department traditionally issues two reports per year on the foreign exchange policies of the United State’s trading partners. The next one is set to publish on April 15, so we’ll know soon enough how the government feels about on China’s yuan. 3. New York auto show. The New York International Auto Show kicks off on April 14. The annual show, the largest in the country, gives automakers a chance to flaunt sleek new designs and concept vehicles. Auto enthusiasts are especially excited about the 2018 Dodge Challenger SRT Demon, a fast, powerful muscle car that Dodge has been teasing for weeks. Dodge brand sales have been increasing, so it’s not surprising that Dodge maker Fiat Chrysler has been hyping the new car. CNNMoney’s Peter Valdes-Dapena will be at the show on Wednesday, so keep an eye out for our coverage. 4. Tax day protests: On Saturday (three days before your taxes are due) protesters will march in an effort to convince the president to release his tax returns. Trump’s refusal to release his returns has been a point of contention for critics, who argue that the unprecedented move obscures the public’s understanding of the president’s finances. For what it’s worth, we do have some information about Trump’s taxes — the White House confirmed that Trump paid $38 million in taxes in 2005. 5. Coming this week: Wednesday — Delta holds call discussing its March quarter 2017 financial results Thursday — JPMorgan, Wells Fargo and Citigroup release first quarter earnings Friday — New York International Auto Show kicks off Delta tries to 'normalize' as flight cancellations continue New York on verge of tuition-free college for middle class Related Posts American cities grow the most since Great Recession Convention ratings: Democrats beat Republicans, and cable tops broadcast Russell Simmons aiding digital diversity Want a U.S. visa? Pray at this Indian temple Leave a Reply Cancel reply You must be logged in to post a comment. Jobs from Indeed What: Where: jobs by gantdaily.com Carambola © 2014 GantDaily.com. All rights reserved. About | Contact | Privacy Policy | Terms & Cond Top
Thanks for contacting us. We've received your submission. Back to Reading News Metro Page Six Sports Business Opinion Entertainment Fashion Living Media Tech Real Estate Sub Menu 1 Video Photos Covers Columnists Horoscopes Sub Menu 2 Email Newsletters Home Delivery Sign in In The News: hillary clinton iran lamar odom 2016 presidential election new york mets Sections Search Tips Sign in New York Post Share this: Facebook Twitter Google LinkedIn WhatsApp Email Copy Business Share this: Facebook Twitter Google LinkedIn WhatsApp Email Copy JPMorgan CEO’s letter overshadowed by Fed drama By Jonathon Trugman View author archive email the author follow on twitter Get author RSS feed Name(required) Email(required) Comment(required) April 8, 2017 | 10:45pm | Updated April 8, 2017 | 10:49pm Modal Trigger JPMorgan CEO Jamie Dimon Getty Images More On: jamie dimon Jamie Dimon calls for sensible banking regulations Jamie Dimon: Trump tax reform not likely this year Jamie Dimon already has visited the White House twice Jamie Dimon's pay jumps to a whopping $28 million JPMorgan Chief Executive Jamie Dimon issued his state-of-the-state shareholder letter last Tuesday, but unfortunately, it was overshadowed by Richmond Federal Reserve President Jeff Lacker’s resignation over leaking information. It’s a shame, because Dimon really hit on some key issues concerning what is right and wrong with America. The CEO of the nation’s largest bank, while stressing how great America is, pointed a finger at Washington’s ineptness over the past eight years. Without naming names, Dimon pointed to problems with education, where we’ve seen America fall from third in the world to atrocious levels. “We should be ringing the national alarm bell that inner-city schools are failing our children,” Dimon wrote. “We are creating generations of citizens who will never have a chance in this land of dreams and opportunity. Unfortunately, it’s self-perpetuating, and we all pay the price.” About the job market, Dimon said, “The labor force participation is too low.” He highlights the key facts, discounting the phony excuses for the lowest labor force participation rate on record in recent years. “Labor force participation in the United States has gone from 66 percent to 63 percent between 2008 and today.” He explained correctly that some of this is due to the aging of our nation’s population — but then he hits it out of the park, saying, “If you examine the data more closely and focus just on labor force participation for one key segment, i.e., men ages 25-54, you’ll see that we have a serious problem.” Dimon noted that those men have seen their participation rate fall to 88 percent from 96 percent in 1968. And then added this fact: “This is way below labor force participation in almost every other developed nation.” Those who love business, economics and common sense should read his 45-page script. If nothing else, you’ll feel better knowing that someone else gets what we are going through. Share this: Facebook Twitter Google LinkedIn WhatsApp Email Copy Filed under federal reserve ,  jamie dimon ,  jpmorgan chase Share this article: Share this: Facebook Twitter Google LinkedIn WhatsApp Email Copy Read Next Can my job require me to do community service? Read Next Can my job require me to do community service? Share Selection Trending Now on NYPost.com 29,560 These benefits scammers were caught thanks to dumb Facebook posts 16,246 Trump can't use his personal helicopter anymore 10,749 TV anchor learns of husband's death while reporting on it Now On Mark Hamill: Darth Vader scenes like ‘Steve Bannon’s home movies’ Irina Shayk and Bradley Cooper welcome first child Kylie Jenner crashes a high-school prom, students go wild SEE ALL Video Uber rewards driver who suffered passenger from hell More Stories pagesix Janet Jackson splits with billionaire husband Now On Decider Ann Coulter Breaks Her Silence On Jimmie Walker Romance Rumors nypost These benefits scammers were caught thanks to dumb Facebook posts New York Post Facebook Twitter Instagram LinkedIn Email Email Newsletters Mobile Apps Contact Us Tips Facebook Twitter Instagram LinkedIn Email Sections & Features News Real Estate Page Six Tech Sports Media Metro Photos Entertainment Video Business Alexa Opinion Covers Fashion Horoscopes Living Classifieds Newsletters & Feeds Email Newsletters RSS Feeds NYPost Store Home Delivery Subscribe Manage Subscription Preferences Help/Support Customer Service App FAQ & Help Contact Us Tips Newsroom Letters to the Editor Reprints Careers Apps iPhone App iPad App Android Phone Android Tablet Advertise Media Kit Contact Post Digital Network © 2017 NYP Holdings, Inc. All Rights Reserved | Terms of Use | Privacy | Your Ad Choices News Corp. is a network of leading companies in the world of diversified media, news, and information services. News Corp HarperCollins Marketwatch realtor.com Dow Jones The Sun Storyful Wall Street Journal The Times Mansion Global New York Post The Australian Checkout51 News America Marketing News.com.au Unruly Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. Copy Share URL: Copy Link Sign Up / Sign In Sign In // Sign Up With your existing account from... With your existing account {* loginWidget *} Use an account with your email address Or with a NYPost.com account {* #userInformationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *}{* traditionalSignIn_createButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} Sign Up / Sign In Sign In // Sign Up Welcome back, {* welcomeName *} {* loginWidget *} Or use NYPost.com account Sign Up / Sign In Sign In // Sign Up Welcome back Welcome back, {* welcomeName *} {* #userInformationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} Use an account with your email address Or use another account Almost Done! Please confirm the information below before signing in. Please confirm the information below. {* #socialRegistrationForm *} {* socialRegistration_emailAddress *} {* socialRegistration_displayName *} {* socialRegistration_ageVerification *} By clicking "Sign In", you confirm that you accept our terms of service and have read and understand privacy policy. {* backButton *} {* socialRegistration_signInButton *} {* /socialRegistrationForm *} Almost Done! {* #registrationForm *} {* traditionalRegistration_emailAddress *} {* traditionalRegistration_password *} {* traditionalRegistration_passwordConfirm *} {* traditionalRegistration_displayName *} {* traditionalRegistration_captcha *} {* traditionalRegistration_ageVerification *} By clicking "Create account", you confirm that you accept our terms of service and have read and understand our privacy policy. {* backButton *} {* createAccountButton *} {* /registrationForm *} Create a new password Forgot Password? Don't worry, it happens. We'll send you a link to create a new password. {* #forgotPasswordForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* backButton *} {* forgotPassword_sendButton *} {* /forgotPasswordForm *} Create a new password Sent! We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password. Your existing password has not been changed. We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password. Close Account Already Exists {* mergeAccounts *} {* backButton *} Sign in to complete account merge {* #tradAuthenticateMergeForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* mergePassword *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /tradAuthenticateMergeForm *}
Follow us Share on Facebook Share on Twitter AOL Mail Click to Open Quick Navigation Downloads Free Email Mobile Apps AIM Discover AOL MyBenefits ID Protection Travel Tips Games Favorites Maps PC Checkup Search The Web Search Aol.com Search Business Careers Personal Finance Retirement Real Estate Taxes My Portfolios Resources Finance Collective Someone made a $100 million trade with JPMorgan on their cell phone Before you go, we thought you'd like these... READ MORE READ MORE READ MORE Share Business Insider Apr 9th 2017 8:33AM JPMorgan is investing in technology in a big way — and it's paying off. The CEO of the firm's corporate investment bank, Daniel Pinto, stressed the importance of technology in an annual letter to shareholders Tuesday. Specifically, he noted, one client leveraged the firm's technological capabilities to make a $100 million trade — from a mobile phone. "Our profitable Markets business, which generated an overall ROE of 17% last year, enables us to invest in innovation and the client experience," Pinto wrote. "Eighty three percent of notional FX trading is now done electronically. We have seen a $100 million trade done on a mobile phone, and on peak days in 2016, $200 billion in FX was traded through our electronic channels, including our own J.P. Morgan Markets platform, which provides a range of services from research to pre- and post-trade reporting." The firm spends more than $9.5 billion on technology with an increasing percentage of that budget going towards new investments and innovation, according to a letter from COO Matt Zames Tuesday. Pinto said the firm fundamentally believes clients should be able to choose how to trade with JPMorgan. He emphasized that it's the firm's strong technical capabilities that allow clients trade through turbulent times like Brexit and the US presidential election last year. "The electronic evolution is advancing, and the investments we've made, and will continue to make, already are proving their merit to our clients," Pinto wrote. RELATED: The world's top 10 companies, ranked by reputation 11 PHOTOS The world's top 10 companies, ranked by reputation See Gallery The world's top 10 companies, ranked by reputation 10. Adidas. RepTrack Points: 77.3 2016 proved to be a good year for the German sportswear company, which beat earnings expectations to report net income of more than $1 billion. The year was the first in its 2020 strategic plan, which put in place by CEO Kasper Rorsted, who wants the company to boost ecommerce sales, increase efficiency, and focus on company culture. Adidas launched collaborations with celebrities including Kanye West, Pharrell, and Rita Ora to boost awareness of its brand. Photographer: Krisztian Bocsi/Bloomberg via Getty Images 9. Rolls-Royce Aerospace. RepTrack points: 77.7 Rolls-Royce is one of the few traditional manufacturing B2B companies in the ranking. The company produces the engines for a number of commercial airliners, such as the Airbus A380 and the Boeing 787. The company is keen to work on new technologies too. This March it announced plans to invest in a R&D center in Finland to develop technology for autonomous shipping. Photographer: Luke Macgregor/Bloomberg via Getty Images 8. Intel. RepTrack points: 77.7 Intel became a staple in the technology industry as the leading manufacturer of chipsets for desktop and laptop computers. Despite missing the mobile phone revolution, Intel is getting back on track. It was rumored Intel powered the iPhone 7. CEO Brian Krzanich has also said the company would be investing further in 5G and connectivity. The company kicked off 2017 with the $15.3 billion acquisition of the autonomous-driving company Mobileye. (JOSEP LAGO/AFP/Getty Images) 7. Sony. RepTrack points: 77.7. Sony successfully got rid of its underperforming VAIO computer brand last year to focus on its more successful products. 2016 saw the launch of its virtual reality headset for the Playstation gaming console, where it owns over 50% of the market. Unknown to many, Sony is also the company making the camera sensors for a number of leading smartphones, including the iPhone 7 and Samsung Galaxy S7. Its Sony Motion Pictures division had strong box office hits in 2016 with the relaunch of the "Ghostbusters" franchise and" The Angry Birds Movie." Its Sony Music division has artists like Beyonce, A$AP Rocky, and Calvin Harris among its roster. REUTERS/Thomas Peter/File Photo 6. Bosch. RepTrack points: 78.1. German engineering and electronics company Bosch used 2016 to solidify its positions in Internet of Things and software. In October 2016 the company demoed its autonomous driving software and hardware and also announced it would be building its own cloud computing offering to compete with Amazon and Google. REUTERS/Michaela Rehle 5. Google. RepTrack points: 78.2. Google's RepTrak score went up but it still dropped down from its third-place spot in the rankings in 2015. 2016 was the first full year since the launch of the new parent company Alphabet. It was also the year the tech company announced its new Pixel phone line and its voice-controlled speaker Home, which aims to bring artificial intelligence to the masses. Alphabet also made a push into VR with the launch of its Daydream headset. REUTERS/Lucy Nicholson 4. Canon. RepTrack points: 78.3. Canon was awarded nearly 4,000 patents in 2016, coming in third behind IBM and Samsung. The world's biggest maker of cameras and printers grew through acquisitions in 2016, such as its $6.5 billion purchase of Toshiba's medical division. REUTERS/Thomas Peter/File Photo 3. The Walt Disney Company. RepTrak points: 79.2. Disney slipped down a spot in the 2016 rankings but its reputation score grew by a full point. 2016 was the year the company started to see the fruits from the acquisition of the "Star Wars" franchise with "The Force Awakens" continuing its box office tear into January and the release of "Rogue One" in December, which went on to gross over $1 billion at the box office. The company recently revealed it had enough "Star Wars" films to run all the way into 2030. It also announced it was extending the contract of its CEO Bob Iger until 2019. 2. Lego. RepTrak points: 79.5. Lego was the biggest winner in the brand reputation rankings in 2016, rising up to second from its sixth spot the previous year. While the toy company's competitors Hasbro and Mattel had mixed results, Lego has been on a great streak of performance. From 2010 to 2015 the company's revenues more than doubled and sales increased by 6% in 2016.  It also announced the appointment of the company's first non-Danish CEO, Bali Padda. REUTERS/Fabian Bimmer/File Photo 1. Rolex. RepTrak points: 78.4 Rolex's position as the most reputable brand in the world is due to its incredibly high reputation for products and services. It was in the top 10 for every category in those areas. The luxury market struggled in 2016, growing only 1%, but the Swiss watch brand successfully withstood the test of the Apple Watch, which launched with a luxury edition. Last year, Rolxes announced its first watch in over 60 years with a moonphase complication, which makes sure it stays accurate for 122 years without adjustment. It also tells the current lunar phase. The luxury watch brand was founded in London in 1905 before moving operations to Switzerland at the end of World War I. REUTERS/Arnd Wiegmann Up Next See Gallery Discover More Like This HIDE CAPTION SHOW CAPTION of SEE ALL BACK TO SLIDE NOW WATCH: A financial planner explains why starting a new job is the best time to negotiate salary See Also: Someone made a $100 million trade with JPMorgan on their cell phone JPMorgan is targeting Silicon Valley DIMON: 'We are creating generations of citizens who will never have a chance' SEE ALSO: DIMON: We fear the EU will split apart, and it could have 'devastating economic and political effects' Tags banking ceo firm JP Morgan jp morgan chase JPMorgan Chase Read Full Story Want more news like this? Sign up for Finance Report by AOL and get everything from business news to personal finance tips delivered directly to your inbox daily! Subscribe to our other newsletters Emails may offer personalized content or ads. Learn more. You may unsubscribe any time. From Our Partners German Shepherd 'Adopts' An Abandoned Baby Opossum - And The Photos Are Adorable Bullfrog Swallows A Tiny Newt Whole - But Isn't Prepared When It Fights Back From Within 15 Loopholes Just Dying to Be Exploited and the Evil Geniuses Who Discovered Them The Latest from our Partners 1 - 6 of 15 2 cards charging 0% interest for 21 months Pay no interest until June 2018 with this card The highest paying cash back card is here Transfer your debt to a card with 0% APR for up to 21 months Veterans could receive up to $42,000 with these VA benefits Fastest way to pay off $10,000 in credit card debt If you owe less than $300k, use Obama's once-in-a-lifetime mortgage relief program Pay off your house at a furious pace if you owe less than $625k Congress gives American homeowners who owe less than $300-625k a once in a lifetime mortgage bailout Earn 10x the national average in your savings account Investment Accounts For Any Type of Investor Interest rates on the rise! Put your money in a new CD account today 15 worst states to live in if you want decent health care Rent or buy? 15 reasons why renting is better than buying a home Want to retire early? here are 14 signs it will probably happen to you 25 Ridiculously Weird Items Sold Through Amazon 15 Least Stressed Cities in America The 15 Best Places to Live in the United States Recommended For You 1 Uber is now totally banned in all of Italy 2 Take this simple test to see if you have enough saved to retire 3 Climate change could make severe turbulence even worse Markets USGlobalsCurrencies S&P 5002,355.54-1.95-0.08% DJIA20,656.10-6.85-0.03% NASDAQ5,877.81-1.14-0.02% DAX12,225.06-5.83-0.05% NIKKEI 22518,797.88133.250.71% HANG SENG24,253.33-13.97-0.06% USD (per EUR)1.060.000.01% USD (per CHF)1.010.00-0.03% JPY (per USD)111.280.060.05% GBP (per USD)1.240.000.16% All index data provided on a 15 minute delay. More to Explore From Our Partners Coal country to Trump: We want jobs of the futureCNNMoney Fox News, Bill O'Reilly face growing pressureCNNMoney Mexico doubles down on pivot away from U.S.CNNMoney 6 things that happened in Trumpworld this weekCNNMoney The Wells Fargo scandal is far from overCNNMoney SpaceX makes history: Used Falcon 9 rocket launchesCNNMoney U.S. debt to double over the next 30 yearsCNNMoney This is American manufacturing in the Trump eraCNNMoneyBy PubExchange Mon, Apr 10 °F Set Your Location City, State, or Zip Change weather location Mail Search Sign In / Join My Account Log Out News Entertainment Finance Lifestyle Games Video Shop Finance Search The Web Search The Web JOIN AOL MY ACCOUNT DOWNLOADS HELP & FEEDBACK ABOUT US ADVERTISING PRIVACY TERMS ABOUT OUR ADS SITEMAP Share on Facebook Facebook Share on Twitter Twitter Share on Instagram Instagram Follow us via newsletter Newsletter Follow us via RSS RSS Follow us on mobile AOL Mobile Finance © 2017  AOL Inc.
Bank earnings galore; Big muscle cars; Will Trump call China a currency manipulator? - Erie News Now: News, Weather & Sports | WICU 12 & WSEE Member Center: Create Account| Log In Manage Account| Log Out SITE SEARCHWEB SEARCH BY Video Gallery Social Stream The Master's Schedule EVENTS Email News/Apps Text Alerts LIVE Nat'l News Radar NewsNow MeTV CNN Video Social Stream Money Radar NewsNow NBC LIVE Nat'l News CNN Video CBS National/World EVENTS The Insider Real Estate Election Email News/Apps School closings Korea Veterans Radar Web Cams Traffic/Airport Email News/Apps School closings EVENTS See It, Shoot It Text Alerts Web Cams - Local Roads Buoy Data Prep Champs The Master's Schedule EVENTS Text Alerts Golf Contest BBall Challenge Watch NBC Sports LIVE Golf Fashion Friday WICU TV Guide What's On NBC MeTV Watch CBS Food Winey Wednesday WSEE TV Listings NBC Mr. Food Contest Wine Erie News Now is seeking to resolve negotiation with DirecTV Radar Giving You The Business Pump Pricer School closings MeTV EVENTS See It, Shoot It The Insider Text Alerts Across the Country Korea Veterans Local business Real Estate Transfers Wine Real Estate Closings Obituaries Great Deals! FAQ Digital Advertising Email News/Apps Wine News Team Contact Us Feedback Suggestions Jobs EEO Report Caribbean Main Entertainment Money Home/Family Health Food Pets Tech Travel Beauty & Style Auto VideoBytes Press Releases Bank earnings galore; Big muscle cars; Will Trump call China a currency manipulator? Posted: Sunday, April 9, 2017 8:18 AM EDT Updated: Sunday, April 9, 2017 8:18 AM EDT By Danielle Wiener-Bronner NEW YORK (CNNMoney) -- 1. Bank earnings galore: On Thursday, JPMorgan Chase, Wells Fargo and Citigroup will report their first quarter earnings. JPMorgan's fourth quarter profits, reported in January, were better than expected. CEO Jamie Dimon said at the time that his general outlook was rosy. This week, Dimon appeared even more optimistic in his annual letter to shareholders, where he bragged about his bank's monster balance sheet. Wells Fargo, on the other hand, is still feeling the effects of its fake accounts debacle. The Department of Labor this week ordered Wells Fargo to rehire a whistleblower it fired in 2010 and pay him $5.4 billion in lost wages. But Wells Fargo's $110 million settlement with wronged customers might help it move away from the scandal, and some analysts say rising interest rates mean both Wells Fargo and Citigroup will exceed expectations. Still, it's been a rocky ride for bank stocks, which soared after Donald Trump was elected but have slumped since then. 2. China a currency manipulator? President Trump met with Chinese President Xi Jinping for the first time on Thursday. Trump has spoken harshly of China in the past -- he believes the country has kept its currency artificially low, a move he says has been harming the U.S. economy. President Trump said his Treasury department would declare China a currency manipulator on the first day of his term -- but Treasury Secretary Steve Mnuchin hasn't made up his mind yet. And experts don't think Trump will go there now that he's president. The Treasury Department traditionally issues two reports per year on the foreign exchange policies of the United State's trading partners. The next one is set to publish on April 15, so we'll know soon enough how the government feels about on China's yuan. 3. New York auto show. The New York International Auto Show kicks off on April 14. The annual show, the largest in the country, gives automakers a chance to flaunt sleek new designs and concept vehicles. Auto enthusiasts are especially excited about the 2018 Dodge Challenger SRT Demon, a fast, powerful muscle car that Dodge has been teasing for weeks. Dodge brand sales have been increasing, so it's not surprising that Dodge maker Fiat Chrysler has been hyping the new car. CNNMoney's Peter Valdes-Dapena will be at the show on Wednesday, so keep an eye out for our coverage. 4. Tax day protests: On Saturday (three days before your taxes are due) protesters will march in an effort to convince the president to release his tax returns. Trump's refusal to release his returns has been a point of contention for critics, who argue that the unprecedented move obscures the public's understanding of the president's finances. For what it's worth, we do have some information about Trump's taxes -- the White House confirmed that Trump paid $38 million in taxes in 2005. 5. Coming this week: Wednesday -- Delta holds call discussing its March quarter 2017 financial results Thursday -- JPMorgan, Wells Fargo and Citigroup release first quarter earnings Friday -- New York International Auto Show kicks off TM & © 2017 Cable News Network, Inc., a Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. 3514 State St. Erie, PA 16508 Newsroom: (814) 454-8812 Business offices: (814) 454-5201 WICU FCC Filing WSEE FCC Filing Sections: Home Weather Sports Video Calendar Finance WICU TV Listings WSEE TV Listings Health Contact Us FAQ Services: Advertise Submit a Story Submit an Event Send Your Feedback Manage Your Account Free Emails    Forecast    Daily Headlines    News    Breaking News Wine Festivals Share: Share Stories Submit your stories to our site! Share Photos Share your photos in our community galleries RSS Feeds Mobile: WICU12/WSEE News App Free Android App Free iPhone App Free iPad App Local Weather App Free Android App Free iPhone App Free iPad App All content © Copyright 2000 - 2017 WICU. All Rights Reserved. For more information on this site, please read our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service.                    WICU/WSEE - 3514 State Street Erie, PA 16508 - (814) 454-5201 - info@wicu12.com
NEWS24  |   OLX  |   PROPERTY24  |   CAREERS24  |   SPREE  |     Search Terry Bell's Inside Labour Will Zwelinzima Vavi's new trade union federation be a new wheel or a retread? Why Zuma fired Gordhan Scenario planner Frans Cronje provides two explanations for government's recent moves. Winners work fast and smart Doing the right things in the right order grows the economic pie for all, says Ian Mann. Home Companies Advertising Agribusiness Financial Services Health ICT Industrial Investment Holdings Mining Property Retail Travel & Leisure Markets Markets News Sens Commodities Currencies Equities News International Economy Budget 2017 South Africa Eskom Africa World Labour Tech News Companies Mobile Opinion Multimedia Personal Finance Debt Insurance Medical Aid Money Clinic Money management Property Retirement Savings & Investments Tax Entrepreneurs Ask the experts Entrepreneur profiles Franchising Getting started MyBusiness News Opinion & Analysis Tips & Tools Opinion Columnists MyFin24 Finweek ZAR/AUD 10,38 (-0.43%) ZAR/EUR 14,65 (-0.47%) ZAR/GBP 17,15 (-0.79%) ZAR/JPY 0,12 (-0.32%) ZAR/USD 13,85 (-0.66%) GOLD 1254,74 (0.03%) OIL 55,48 (0.40%) PALLADIUM 799,5 (-0.56%) PLATINUM 953 (-0.10%) SILVER 17,95 (-0.22%) FTSE/JSE All Share 52853,36 (-0.12%) FTSE/JSE Financial 15 14228,57 (0.28%) FTSE/JSE Industrial 25 69652,33 (-0.07%) FTSE/JSE Resource 10 34172,63 (-0.72%) FTSE/JSE Top 40 46085,03 (-0.18%) CAC 40 5135,28 (0.00%) NIKKEI 225 18797,88 (0.71%) All data is delayed Loading... See More We’re currently experiencing serious technical problems on the site, and as a result are unable to update the news – even though our market data is running as per normal. We sincerely apologise for any inconvenience caused and hope to be up and running again this evening. Thank you for your patience in this regard. – David McKay (editor) & team SA bonds begin trading as junk for first time since 2000 Apr 10 2017 07:28 Filipe Pacheco, Bloomberg Fitch Ratings headquarters. (iStock) Related Articles Junk status signals hard times for small business Downgrade: Where to now? Fitch dumps SA in the trash Nuclear uncertainty cited as one of the reasons for Fitch downgrade - economist JSE closes lower on Fitch ratings downgrade 'SA economy is burning, Zuma must go'   Hot spots in emerging markets this week: SA and Russia Dubai - South African bonds will trade on Monday carrying junk grades from two ratings agencies for the first time since 2000, while Russian assets may come under pressure as tension between President Vladimir Putin’s government and the US escalates after an American missile attack in Syria. South Africa The rand fell for a second straight week after Fitch Ratings dealt a fresh blow to South Africa on Friday when it cut the nation’s debt to below investment grade, following a similar move by S&P Global Ratings. JPMorgan will cut SA from its investment-grade-only EMBIG indexes, which are tracked by $49bn (R677bn) of funds, on April 28. It will also exclude the nation’s debt from its GBI-EM GD and ELMI+ investment-grade-only indexes tracked by $10bn (R138bn) of funds on 31 May. The currency has weakened by about 10% over the past two weeks, more than any other major currency in the world. By Monday at 07:20, it was trading at R13.81 to the dollar. Rabobank’s Matys sees the rand dropping to 14.5 per dollar by the end of the quarter. President Jacob Zuma has plunged the nation into a political crisis since firing Finance Minister Pravin Gordhan in a cabinet purge March 31. “In light of the junk status, we will need to revise expenditure patterns as a government,” African National Congress Economic Committee Chairman Enoch Godongwana told reporters in Johannesburg on Sunday. “Another downgrade in just one week is a major blow,” said Piotr Matys, an emerging-market strategist at Rabobank in London. “It means that even those foreign investors that are still relatively optimistic about the long-term outlook for South Africa may have to trim their exposure. In the coming weeks, we will probably witness a wave of capital outflows.” Assets of state-owned companies also declined. The yield on Transnet’s $1bn of notes due 2022 rose 19 basis points to 5.28%, the highest since December 6. The rate on Eskom’s 2021 dollar debt increased 35 basis points to 5.84%. Russia Russian assets will continue to weaken over worries about rising tension with the US, says Timothy Ash, a senior strategist at Bluebay Asset Management. The ruble was the worst performer among 31 major currencies tracked by Bloomberg on Friday, falling 1.5%, while the country’s credit-default swaps jumped the most in the world. Putin has slammed the US attacks in Syria as an “act of aggression,” dispelling hopes for improved ties between the two nations. UK Foreign Secretary Boris Johnson on Saturday cancelled a trip to Moscow for high-level meetings scheduled for Monday after coordinating with the US, saying he would meet instead with his Group of Seven peers in Italy to discuss the Syrian crisis and “Russia’s support for Assad.” Turkey Turks on Sunday will vote on a proposal to reshape the nation’s democracy by abolishing the post of prime minister and handing President Erdogan sweeping executive powers. The lira’s one-month implied volatility rose last week to the highest level since January. Meanwhile, the US attack in Syria aligned Trump with Turkish policies on the civil war in the Levant nation. Turkey has been a steadfast proponent of targeting President Bashar al-Assad’s regime. Venezuela The country’s state-controlled oil-producer, known as PDVSA, is scheduled to pay $2.1bn in debt this week. The company has informed investors that all principal and interest related to its bond maturing this month will be paid on April 12, it said in an e-mailed statement. The bonds surged last week. Egypt The country’s EGX 30 Index of stocks fell Sunday by the most since February 27 after an explosion tore through a church in the Nile Delta city of Tanta, killing at least 21 people. It was followed by another attack in Alexandria that left at least 13 dead. The blasts underscore the challenges confronting President Abdel-Fattah El-Sisi as his government tries to attract international investors to an economy battered by years of unrest. The IMF said last week it’s working with Egyptian authorities to help control inflation that surged past 30%  in February. Read Fin24's top stories trending on Twitter: Fin24’s top stories Follow Fin24 on Twitter, Facebook, Google+ and Pinterest. 24.com encourages commentary submitted via MyNews24. Contributions of 200 words or more will be considered for publication. WHAT TO READ NEXT {{item.title}} Read more about:    fitch  |  s&p  |  junk status  |  ratings dowgrade NEXT ON FIN24X ANC: SA to re-think nuclear deal after junk status 2017-04-09 21:15 Share this page Yahoo! Google Digg del.icio.us Facebook Tweet         Most ReadEditor's Choice 52 phone calls expose Eskom boss #MatshelaKoko's lie Eskom mum on ‘invalid’ R4bn Gupta-linked deal – report ANC: SA to re-think nuclear deal after junk status SA bonds begin trading as junk for first time since 2000 Downgrade: Where to now? Brexit begins as EU receives divorce papers from UK A coup d’êtat of a special kind ‘White monopoly capital' an excuse to avoid SA’s real problems How does SA Inc perform? Nene: Let's hope Zuma can explain Gordhan recall to appease investors Company Snapshot We're talking about... #CabinetReshuffle The focus is firmly on how the economy will absorb the fallout from the Cabinet reshuffle.   Related links: Motlanthe hits out at 'reckless' Zuma, 'crooked' ANC Zuma reshuffle opens the door for nuclear deal OPINION | The snakes that are eating our kids’ future Get the latest with Fin24 Tech Uber fires back at Google spinoff in self-driving car case 2017-04-10 06:53 Uber is scoffing at claims its expansion into self-driving cars hinges on trade secrets stolen from a Google spinoff, arguing that its ride-hailing service has been working on potentially superior technology. Uber smartphone apps banned in Italy PICS: The best #AntiZumaMarch memes Facebook launches digital assistant 'M' in US More Tech Home| Multimedia| News Follow Fin24 Money Clinic INFOGRAPHIC: How to get a pay rise Strangled by your medical scheme contribution? Credit ombud rakes in millions for consumers MUST READ: SA expatriate in Philippines dismisses high life myth Taxing SA expats in Dubai: 3 points to consider Do you have a question about your finances? We'll get an expert opinion. Click here... Voting Booth Do you think women are under-represented in leadership positions globally? Yes, definitely There has been progress I don’t know Yes, definitely 40% 521 votes 40 There has been progress 50% 652 votes 50 I don’t know 10% 136 votes 10 Previous results · Suggest a vote Services Money Clinic Get your financial questions answered. RSS Feeds News delivered really simply. Calculators Easy-to-use personal finance tools. Newsletters You choose what you want. Contact us Lost? Confused? Problems? Let us help you. Data supplied by: RSS feeds  |  Terms & Conditions  |  Advertise on Fin24  |  About us  |  Contact us
Skip to main content Toggle navigation Menu Home About Subscribe Editors FAQ Contact Us Menu Financial Markets Stock Market Learn invaluable market insights that will help you avoid losses and profit in any share market. Commodities Market Uncover the commodities to get rich off – and the ones you should avoid. Bond Markets Where bond yields could be heading and how you should invest to preserve your assets. Gold Market Find out the crucial role of gold in society and why it could prove your financial saviour. Energy Markets Read about the hot energy plays of the coming decade that could skyrocket your portfolio. Technology Markets Discover the innovations of the future – and takes profits ‘light years’ ahead of the mainstream. Currencies What the latest currency moves mean for your wealth and how you can play them for profit. Property Market Will house prices generally rise… or are investors in for a nasty surprise? Get informed now. Global Financial Markets Gain a deeper understanding of global markets and learn how to position your portfolio for maximum gains. Close Australian Economy Australian Share Market Don’t expect simple ASX news here, instead read about the big picture factors that affect Aussie stocks – before the mainstream catches on. Australian Dollar Know when your assets are at risk from a rising or falling Aussie dollar and learn how to structure your investments for preservation and profit. Australian Housing Is Australia in a housing bubble or housing boom? (The biggest investment of your lifetime could depend on it.) So which is it? Find out here. Australian Economy Which news on the Australian economy is worth listening to and what does it mean for your investments? Click here to discover more. Close Investing Money & Wealth Find out why your wealth is at risk and how you can best protect your money from a failing financial system. Superannuation Learn the simple steps you should take now to ensure your super is still intact when you retire. Best Investment Ideas 2017 Discover why the best investments are rarely the most obvious – and how you can invest profitably for 2016 – and beyond. Close Gold & Precious Metals Gold & Silver Learn what the price of gold and silver indicates about the wider financial markets and why you should invest in them now if you truly value your wealth. Platinum & Palladium Discover the precious metals that fly below the radar and how they could bring you spectacular gains. Base Metals Everything from iron ore…to copper…to graphite and more…find out what’s hot – and what’s not – in the metals and mining markets. Close Currencies Australian Dollar US Dollar The Euro Japanese Yen All Currencies Close Commodities Energy Markets Oil Natural Gas Shale Gas and Oil Gold & Precious Metals Gold & Silver Platinum & Palladium Metals & Minerals Iron Ore Close Global Economy Major Economies US Economy European Economy Chinese Economy Japanese Economy Financial System Debt & Deficits Inflation & Deflation Interest Rates Banks Global Economic Regions Asia & Australasia Europe The Americas Africa & the Middle East Emerging Markets Free Market Debate Politics and History Libertarianism Close Latest Featured Share Subscribe X Share Tweet Share ‘High Noon’ for Stocks Bill BonnerApril 10, 2017 ‘Bill, you are living in a dream world,’ our local lawyer began (not using these exact words). ‘You are a smart guy. But you’re not that smart. You bought a marginal ranch. It’s getting more and more marginal every year. ‘Every year, we lose more money. You thought you were smart because you bought it so cheap. But it’s a liability, not an asset. ‘Look, the whole valley is for sale. The owners are giving up. These guys have a lot more experience than you do. They know. There’s no way to make these ranches profitable. Those days are over. You’re living in the past.’ The rest of that story will have to wait until next week… High noon Meanwhile, Yale economics professor and Nobel Prize-winner Robert Shiller says it’s high noon for stocks. The bright sun is at its zenith. Only twice in history has the sun been higher in the sky, he says — 1929, 1999…both before major stock market plunges. Instead of looking at stock prices relative to last year’s earnings, Shiller prefers to look at the average of the past 10 years of earnings, adjusted for inflation. This, he says, helps smooth out year-to-year swings in earnings to paint a clearer picture of value. And with the S&P 500 trading at a Shiller P/E of 29 (the market peaked at a Shiller P/E of 30 in 1929), the shadows stretch out like a drunk on the sidewalk. Get ready for a showdown. Bloomberg reports that two of Wall Street’s most influential insiders, CEOs Larry Fink of BlackRock and Jamie Dimon of JPMorgan Chase, have started to notice the fading light: ‘Fink said Thursday that U.S. growth is slowing on concern whether the Trump administration’s agenda will get through Congress. Dimon lamented that “it is clear that something is wrong” with the nation in a letter to investors Tuesday. Both CEOs are part of a group of business leaders that advise President Donald Trump. ‘Fink expressed chagrin over the pace of changes so far under the new administration. He told CNBC the U.S. economy is slowing as both consumers and businesses wait to see if the new administration can deliver on tax reform and deregulation following the failure of the health-care bill in March. ‘“There’s a greater worry that these proposed changes are going to be harder and harder to execute,” said Fink, speaking on CNBC Thursday. “You’re seeing a slowing down of our economy.”’ The Aussie Recession Survival Guide: How to protect your wealth in a fast-shrinking economy In this urgent investor report, Markets and Money editor Vern Gowdie shows you why Australia is poised to fall into its first ‘official’ recession in 25 years… Simply enter your email address in the box below and click ‘Claim My Free Report’. Plus…you’ll receive a free subscription to Markets and Money. We will collect and handle your personal information in accordance with our Privacy Policy. You can cancel your subscription at any time. Costly myth Let’s see… No Obamacare repeal…no military cutbacks…no curbs on entitlements…no reform of the phony money system. Trump aides Steve Bannon and Jared Kushner ‘are fighting non-stop,’ reports The Daily Beast. Congress is a free-for-all. Meanwhile, the feds are burning cash and bumping into a debt ceiling. What are the odds that the Trump team can corral congressional Republicans and pass a big tax cut and big infrastructure program? Long. But let’s try to look a little closer… The ‘Trump Boom’ may be the worst kind of myth: a costly one. The reality we see is that the system cannot be reformed in any serious way because the people who control it don’t want to reform it. Like alcoholics who haven’t hit bottom, they aren’t ready to give up. Cronies, contractors, bankers, politicians, campaign contributors, lobbyists, favoured Deep State industries, and especially Wall Street — none are ready to give up the sauce. Instead, they want more of it. Where do they get it? Taxation, regulation, and the money system. Tax revenues — passed around like a bottle of Four Roses — is one source of juice. But it is limited. Squeeze the taxpayers too hard and they give out a howl. The insiders also get a buzz on from regulations. Rules, paperwork, restrictions, licensing — each one adds costs on businesses and consumers…but a payoff or some crony somewhere. Who wins? The insiders who write the rules, of course. The ‘Bezzle’ Most interesting to us is the third source: the credit-money system. Who complains about cheap credit? Even savers, who have lost an estimated $2 trillion because of repressed interest rates since 2009, are bamboozled into thinking cheap credit stimulates the economy. The system is dishonest and unfair. A dear reader explains… ‘Before 2009, I like many believed I had money, savings, and a retirement vested and guaranteed. The work was supposedly done. That crash began a study that revealed the above wasn’t true. ‘When the medium of exchange can be created at someone’s will and spent according to that will, that someone is literally the god of all who use this tender. It is quite literally political capital or political money… It’s nothing but theft writ large and we are all parties to it.’ Another dear reader adds a worthy insight: ‘In Leviticus 19:35-36, “You shall do no wrong in judgment, in measures of length or weight or quantity. You shall have just balances, just weights, a just ephah, and a just hin [units of dry measure].” And in Proverbs 11:1 it says, “A false balance is an abomination to the Lord, but a just weight is his delight.”… ‘I lived in Japan from 1992 to 2012, and during that time America became ruder and less honest. The distance gave me a perspective that too few others have. I can’t help but believe that dishonest money is a subtle but significant factor in the decline of the morality of the common man.’ It’s easy to see the larceny when it is wrought by inflation. Your money loses value day by day. And there’s an even-handedness to it: Rich and poor are robbed proportionally. But the larceny of unlimited and under-priced credit is subtler. It is what economist John K Galbraith described in his book on the 1929 stock market crash as a ‘bezzle’. He observed that, in any economy, there is an element of theft and fraud. But when the credit is flowing and markets are rising, the ‘rate of embezzlement grows, the rate of discovery falls off, and the bezzle increases rapidly.’ Wealth passes from the Main Street worker to the Deep State insider…and neither of them knows what has happened. The average guy doesn’t know whom to blame — Mexicans, Chinese, robots? The insider thinks he is a genius. And the economy — and its wealth — declines. More to come… Regards, Bill Bonner, For Markets & Money Claim your FREE Special Investor Report… Five Fatal Stocks You MUST Sell Now If Markets and Money editor, Vern Gowdie is correct, the Australian stock market could be headed for a devastating correction to rival the GFC. And these five stocks will be dragged through the financial carnage. Download this free report now and discover: The five biggest threats to your wealth on the ASX: Discover why these five household–name stocks pose a threat to your wealth… and why they’ll be the first to lose you money when Aussie stocks drop dramatically. The ‘wealth destruction effect’: High share prices in the US have created the illusion of wealth. This ‘wealth effect’ has filtered through to our market and economy. But when the ‘bubble of all bubbles’ bursts in the US, stocks will drag our economy down with them. These ‘fatal’ five will be the first to fall. Get out while you still can: Why we’re just months away from a major correction in the US markets… and how that will swiftly hit the ASX. These five companies make up nearly half the entire Aussie market… and you almost certainly own one of them. To download your free report ‘Five Fatal Stocks You MUST Sell Now’ simply subscribe to Markets and Money for FREE today. Enter your email in the box below and click ‘Send My Free Report’. Privacy Statement We will collect and handle your personal information in accordance with our Privacy Policy. You can cancel your subscription at any time Author Latest Posts Bill Bonner Best-selling investment author Bill Bonner is the founder and president of Agora Publishing, one of the world's most successful consumer newsletter companies. Owner of both Fleet Street Publications and MoneyWeek magazine in the UK, he is also author of the free daily e-mail Markets and Money. Latest posts by Bill Bonner (see all) ‘High Noon’ for Stocks - April 10, 2017 Fake News from the Fed - April 7, 2017 Doom Index Says Beware! - April 6, 2017 Wanted by the Police in Argentina! - April 5, 2017 Categories: Stock Market The Bonner Diaries Leave a Reply Be the First to Comment! Connect with: Notify of new follow-up comments new replies to my comments Notify of new replies to this comment Notify of new replies to this comment Letters will be edited for clarity, punctuation, spelling and length. Abusive or off-topic comments will not be posted. We will not post all comments. If you would prefer to email the editor, you can do so by sending an email to letters@dailyreckoning.com.au Urgent Investor Briefing: The Aussie Recession Survival Guide: How to protect your wealth in a fast-shrinking economy Claim your FREE report and learn the four disturbing reasons why Markets and Money Editor Vern Gowdie believes Australia is headed for its first ‘official’ recession in 25 years. PLUS you’ll get Markets and Money every weekday… absolutely free. Enter your email address below and hit the ‘Send My Free Report’ button now. Privacy Statement We will collect and handle your personal information in accordance with our Privacy Policy.You can cancel your subscription at any time Testimonial Just thought I would let you know that whilst I receive countless financial emails daily I view yours as something special. I am not looking for the same old humdrum I am looking for news that is out of left field. Now you guys would be off the planet if you went any further left but it is refreshingly different. I get through the humdrum first and get my mind sorted and save you for last as a check. It is certainly an insane moment in time but I am still finding investment opportunities. Thanks for your comments N Markets and Money ASX Share Price News 5 days ago Supermarket Wars Wound Metcash 2 weeks ago Collins Foods Drops 9% on Capital Raising 2 weeks ago Why Fletcher Building Ltd’s shares are down Thursday Money Morning Amaysim Aus Ltd Rose 6.2% on Takeover Agreement What’s Happening with BT Investment Management Shares? Mesoblast Ltd Up 6.5% on Heart Failure Trial Sign up to Markets & Money | About | Financial Services Guide | Contact | Privacy Policy | Terms & Conditions Copyright © 2017 — Markets & Money. All Rights Reserved. x For market insights and investment ideas that you won’t find anywhere else... Take out your FREE subscription to Markets & Money today. Privacy Statement: We will collect and handle your personal information in accordance with our Privacy Policy. You can cancel your subscription at any time. Markets and Money Why Subscribe? Financial Markets Stock Market Commodities Market Gold Market Energy Market Technology Market Property Market Bond Markets Currency Market Global Markets Back Australian Economy Australian Share Market Australian Dollar Australian Housing Back Investing Money & Wealth Superannuation Best Investment Ideas 2017 Back Gold & Precious Metals Gold & Silver Platinum & Palladium Back Currencies Australian Dollar US Dollar The Euro Japanese Yen Back Commodities Oil and Gas Gold & Silver Iron Ore Energy Precious Metals Base Metals Back Global Economy US Economy Chinese Economy European Economy Japanese Economy Emerging Markets Back Financial System Inflation Interest Rates Debt & Deficits Banks Back About Subscribe For Free Editors FAQ Contact Us Back x Download Your FREE Report: The Aussie Recession Survival Guide: How to protect your wealth in a fast-shrinking economy Markets and Money Editor Vern Gowdie reveals four unsettling reasons why he believes Australia is headed for an imminent and unavoidable recession To find out how you could protect your wealth, subscribe to Markets and Money for FREE right now. We’ll deliver our latest report to your inbox within the next five minutes. To download this FREE report right now — plus, to take out a subscription to the free daily e-letter Markets and Money — simply enter your email address in the box below and click ‘Send My Free Report’. We will collect and handle your personal information in accordance with our Privacy Policy. You can cancel your subscription at any time. x
Skip to main content The Straits Times Business Toggle navigation Home Singapore Politics Asia World Videos Multimedia Photos Graphics Lifestyle Food Forum Letters in Print Letters on the Web Readers' Post Opinion ST Editorial Cartoons Business Companies & Markets Economy Banking Property Invest Sport Football Tennis Formula One Basketball Golf Schools Tech Smartphones Tablets PCs Cameras Audio Wearables Games & Apps More Multimedia Forum Opinion Business Sport Tech SPH Websites SITES AsiaOne Berita Harian Hardwarezone herworldPLUS Lianhe Wanbao My Paper Omy razor SGCarMart ShareInvestor SRX Property STCars STClassifieds STJobs STProperty STOMP tabla Tamil Murasu The Business Times The New Paper ZaoBao Print Edition ePaper Hong Kong central bank concerned about high loan-to-value mortgages extended by developers A potential buyer looking at a model of Riva, one of the latest developments by Sun Hung Kai Properties, in Hong Kong, on Feb 19, 2014.PHOTO: REUTERS Published2 hours ago More Share Tweet Linkedin Pin Google+ Reddit Print Permalink: http://str.sg/4XAf Copy HONG KONG (BLOOMBERG) - Hong Kong's de facto central bank expressed concern about the riskiness of mortgages with high loan-to-value ratios issued by developers, as some analysts are warning that property prices in the city are unsustainable. "The accumulation of these high LTV mortgages may change the risk profiles of these property developers to which banks may have exposures," Raymond Chan, executive director for banking supervision at the Hong Kong Monetary Authority, said in an emailed response to queries from Bloomberg. The HKMA said it may ask banks to take additional steps to manage their exposure to the sector. Hong Kong's property market, the world's least affordable, has been on a tear in recent months despite attempts by the city's leaders to cool prices in November by imposing additional taxes. That's prompted warnings from analysts including Cusson Leung at JPMorgan Chase & Co. who said that any external shocks could trigger tighter liquidity in the city's banking system and increase home buyers' borrowing costs. "If the bubble bursts, buyers will not only lose their own money, they will also lose all of their parents' money," Leung said in an interview. Buyers have been using all of their assets as well as leveraging parents' existing homes as collateral to help make residential property deposits, he said. Buyers have flocked to buy new homes as developers have enticed buyers with tax rebates and loan offers, often made through finance subsidiaries. Hong Kong developers such as Sun Hung Kai Properties and Cheung Kong Property Holdings are among those offering mortgages to homebuyers. While bank loans are subject to limits imposed by the monetary authority, builder-arranged mortgages aren't covered by the same restrictions. Last year, Sun Hung Kai announced a mortgage offer worth as much as 120 per cent of a home's value at one of its projects. Regulations restrict traditional bank mortgages on properties costing less than HK$10 million (S$1.8 million) to 60 per cent of their value. "The HKMA will continue to monitor the situation closely and consider whether there is a need for banks to strengthen their risk management in respect of their lending to property developers," the HKMA said. The HKMA has been urging banks for more than a year to ensure finance companies that they do business with comply with regulatory mortgage limits. On March 2, 2015, it issued a letter to banks advising them not to provide loans to finance companies which offer high loan-to-value mortgages to property buyers. The monetary authority said it does not have information on the overall size of loans by finance companies in Hong Kong, although it has been gathering information from banks on their exposure to the sector. The total amount of property-related loans provided by finance companies with relationships with the banks represents less than 1 per cent of the outstanding residential mortgages of the banking sector in Hong Kong, according to the HKMA. "While the information provided by banks reflects that the total amount of mortgages provided by property developers remains small as compared to the total amount of outstanding RMLs provided by banks, the growth rate of these mortgages is increasing," the HKMA said. Topics:  HONG KONG PROPERTY MARKET/SECTOR More Share Tweet Linkedin Pin Google+ Reddit Print Permalink: http://str.sg/4XAf Copy sentifi.com Sentifi Straitstimes Top 10 Talked About Stocks BrandInsider Sponsored Content g2000_a125767_2017apr10_300x200_stadv1.jpg Working to tackle Singapore’s food waste problem steinway_a125809_2017apr03_300x200_native.jpg Steinway Spirio brings new music lecture series to life sponsorednative.jpg What you need to know about Tanah Merah’s newest condominium Shopping iPhone 7 Plus 128 GB Now On Sale! Check Latest Price Now! Attractive Digital Gadgets from $1!! Only @ Auction Q! Never Lost Your Precious Belongings Again! HP Elitebook 840 Now On Sale! Check out Now! More Deals on Qoo10 Subscribe to The Straits Times call 6388-3838 or click here Available for iPhones and iPads Available in Google Play Back to the top Singapore Politics Asia World Videos Multimedia Lifestyle Food Forum Opinion Business Sport Tech Follow ST The Straits Times SPH Digital News / Copyright © 2017 Singapore Press Holdings Ltd. Co. Regn. No. 198402868E. All rights reserved | Terms & Conditions | Data Protection Policy | Advertise with us We have been experiencing some problems with subscriber log-ins and apologise for the inconvenience caused. Until we resolve the issues, subscribers need not log in to access ST Digital articles. But a log-in is still required for our PDFs. Close
X Edition: India Business Business Home Economy Reuters Summits Deals Business Video Company Results & Outlooks Autos Markets Markets Home Stocks India Markets US Markets Currencies Commodities India Elections Top News India Insight Monsoon Top News Video World World Home South Asia Middle East Special Reports Reuters Investigates World Video Tech Technology Home Science Tech Video Innovation Commentary Commentary Home Expert Zone Breakingviews Breakingviews Home Breakingview Videos Money Money Home Stock Screener Fund Screener Sport & Life Sports Lifestyle Bollywood Entertainment Oddly Enough Health Arts Lifestyle Video Pictures Pictures Home The Wider Image Photographers Focus 360 Video Exclusive - Brazil's Votorantim Metais considers IPO, sources say Africa América Latina عربي Argentina Brasil Canada 中国 Deutschland España France India Italia 日本 México РОССИЯ United Kingdom United States Money News | Mon Apr 10, 2017 | 8:58am IST Exclusive - Brazil's Votorantim Metais considers IPO, sources say By Guillermo Parra-Bernal and Tatiana Bautzer | SAO PAULO SAO PAULO Votorantim Metais Holding SA, one of Latin America's largest producers of base metals, is considering an initial public offering to fund investments and provide parent company Votorantim SA with cash to expand in other core areas, four people with direct knowledge of the transaction said. The São Paulo-based company, known as VMH, is seen completing a three-stage IPO preparation plan by September, according to one of the people. Toronto and New York appear to be the favored destinations for a VMH listing, the person said. Talks with investment banks are at an advanced stage, with Bank of America Corp (BAC.N), Morgan Stanley (MS.N) and JPMorgan Chase & Co (JPM.N) among those said to be vying for underwriting spots, two of the people said. The four people spoke under condition of anonymity because the transaction remains private. They did not detail a tentative structure and timetable for the transaction or give an estimated value for VMH. The IPO would give VMH access to a wide base of investors betting on a long-term recovery in zinc, copper, lead and silver prices, the first person said. Proceeds may come in handy for parent Votorantim, Brazil's largest diversified industrial group, which is growing in energy, pulp and agribusiness while cutting a 14.7 billion-real ($4.7 billion) debt burden, the people added. Contacted on Sunday, media officials at parent Votorantim, which is controlled by Brazil's billionaire Ermirio de Moraes family, declined to comment on "market speculation." Bank of America did not have any immediate comment. Morgan Stanley and JPMorgan declined to comment. EQUITY OFFERINGS VMH is the latest addition to a long list of Brazilian companies pursuing IPOs in coming months to rebalance their capital structure and pave the way for future expansion.[nL1N1F60K9] Some large Brazilian groups are taking advantage of a revival in capital markets activity this year to list some subsidiaries or exit businesses, as well as to raise cash to bring down debt. Bankers expect up to one-fourth of planned Brazilian company listings for this year to happen overseas. The local subsidiary of France's Carrefour SA (CARR.PA), as well as airline Azul SA and N2com Internet SA, known by the online shoe retailing brand Netshoes, are seeking to list their operations domestically or overseas. With a presence in Brazil and Peru, where it holds a majority stake in Cia Minera Milpo SA (MIL.LM), VMH operates five industrial compounds in Brazil's state of Minas Gerais, and in Cajamarquilla in Peru. VMH also has sales offices in Houston and Luxembourg. Last year, investments in zinc and byproducts represented 11 percent of Votorantim's capital spending of about $3 billion. Those investments included efforts to extend the working life of the Vazante mine in Brazil for another 10 years. Net revenue at Votorantim's zinc and byproducts division came in at 6.386 billion reais last year, with adjusted earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization of 1.328 billion reais. EBITDA, as the gauge of operational profits is commonly known, reached 21 percent of revenue, making the zinc and byproducts division the most profitable activity among parent Votorantim's five business segments in last year's financial results. ($1 = 3.1301 reais) (Editing by Daniel Flynn and Steve Orlofsky) Our Standards: The Thomson Reuters Trust Principles Next In Money News Asian stocks struggle, dollar shines as geopolitical risks grow HONG KONG Asian stocks slipped on Monday as increased geopolitical risks prompted investors to favour safe-haven bets such as government debt while the dollar drew support from Federal Reserve policy tightening expectations. Gold edges down on stronger dollar, but geopolitical tensions support Gold inched down on Monday on a stronger dollar, moving away from a 5-month high hit in the previous session, although geopolitical tensions continued to buoy safe-haven demand for the precious metal. MORE FROM REUTERS Sponsored Content From Around the WebPromoted by Revcontent Trending Stories Editor's Pick India clamps down on Kashmir transport after poll violence kills eight Market Jockey Live updates from markets and economy Sponsored Topics X Follow Reuters: Follow Us On Twitter Follow Us On Facebook RSS Follow Us On LinkedIn Subscribe: Newsletters | Apps Reuters News Agency | Brand Attribution Guidelines | Careers Reuters is the news and media division of Thomson Reuters. Thomson Reuters is the world's largest international multimedia news agency, providing investing news, world news, business news, technology news, headline news, small business news, news alerts, personal finance, stock market, and mutual funds information available on Reuters.com, video, mobile, and interactive television platforms. Learn more about Thomson Reuters products: Eikon Information, analytics and exclusive news on financial markets - delivered in an intuitive desktop and mobile interface Elektron Everything you need to empower your workflow and enhance your enterprise data management World-Check Screen for heightened risk individual and entities globally to help uncover hidden risks in business relationships and human networks Westlaw Build the strongest argument relying on authoritative content, attorney-editor expertise, and industry defining technology ONESOURCE The most comprehensive solution to manage all your complex and ever-expanding tax and compliance needs CHECKPOINT The industry leader for online information for tax, accounting and finance professionals All quotes delayed a minimum of 15 minutes. See here for a complete list of exchanges and delays. Site Feedback Corrections Advertising Guidelines Cookies Terms of Use Privacy Policy
Bloomberg the Company & Its ProductsBloomberg Anywhere Remote LoginBloomberg Anywhere LoginBloomberg Terminal Demo Request Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Philanthropy & Engagement Bloomberg London Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Execution & Order Management Data & Content Financial Data Management Integration & Distribution Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Philanthropy & Engagement Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Bloomberg London Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Advertising Bloomberg Media Distribution Bloomberg Live Conferences Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Execution & Order Management Data & Content Financial Data Management Integration & Distribution Bloomberg Tradebook Enterprise Products Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center MENU Homepage Markets Stocks Currencies Commodities Rates + Bonds Economics Magazine Benchmark Watchlist Economic Calendar Tech U.S. Global Startups Cybersecurity Digital Media Bloomberg Technology TV Hello World Studio 1.0 Pursuits Cars & Bikes Style & Grooming Spend Watches & Gadgets Food & Drinks Travel Real Estate Art & Design Brilliant Ideas Politics Global Risk Briefing How We’ll Know if Trump Is Making America Great Again Tracking Trump’s Web of Conflicts The Inauguration of Donald J. Trump On the March in Trump’s Capital Opinion View Gadfly Businessweek Subscribe Cover Stories Opening Remarks Etc Features 85th Anniversary Issue Behind The Cover More Science + Energy Graphics Billionaires Game Plan Small Business Personal Finance Live TV Inspire GO The David Rubenstein Show Sponsored Content Bloomberg About The Company Sign In Sign In Subscribe Photographer: Billy H.C. Kwok/Bloomberg Hong Kong Concerned About Risks From Developer Mortgages by Alfred Liu @alfredliuhk More stories by Alfred Liu April 9, 2017, 8:37 PM EDT April 9, 2017, 10:14 PM EDT HKMA may ask banks to take additional steps to manage exposure Gathering information from banks on finance company lending Hong Kong’s de facto central bank expressed concern about the riskiness of mortgages with high loan-to-value ratios issued by developers, as some analysts are warning that property prices in the city are unsustainable. “The accumulation of these high LTV mortgages may change the risk profiles of these property developers to which banks may have exposures,” Raymond Chan, executive director for banking supervision at the Hong Kong Monetary Authority, said in an emailed response to queries from Bloomberg. The HKMA said it may ask banks to take additional steps to manage their exposure to the sector. Hong Kong’s property market, the world’s least affordable, has been on a tear in recent months despite attempts by the city’s leaders to cool prices in November by imposing additional taxes. That’s prompted warnings from analysts including Cusson Leung at JPMorgan Chase & Co., who said that any external shocks could trigger tighter liquidity in the city’s banking system and increase home buyers’ borrowing costs. “If the bubble bursts, buyers will not only lose their own money, they will also lose all of their parents’ money,” Leung said in an interview. Buyers have been using all of their assets as well as leveraging parents’ existing homes as collateral to help make residential property deposits, he said. Surging Demand Buyers have flocked to buy new homes as developers have enticed buyers with tax rebates and loan offers, often made through finance subsidiaries. Hong Kong developers such as Sun Hung Kai Properties Ltd. and Cheung Kong Property Holdings Ltd. are among those offering mortgages to homebuyers. The most important market news of the day. Get our markets daily newsletter. Sign Up While bank loans are subject to limits imposed by the monetary authority, builder-arranged mortgages aren’t covered by the same restrictions. Last year, Sun Hung Kai announced a mortgage offer worth as much as 120 percent of a home’s value at one of its projects. Regulations restrict traditional bank mortgages on properties costing less than HK$10 million ($1.28 million) to 60 percent of their value. “The HKMA will continue to monitor the situation closely and consider whether there is a need for banks to strengthen their risk management in respect of their lending to property developers,” the HKMA said. The HKMA has been urging banks for more than a year to ensure finance companies that they do business with comply with regulatory mortgage limits. On March 2, 2015, it issued a letter to banks advising them not to provide loans to finance companies which offer high loan-to-value mortgages to property buyers. The monetary authority said it does not have information on the overall size of loans by finance companies in Hong Kong, although it has been gathering information from banks on their exposure to the sector. The total amount of property-related loans provided by finance companies with relationships with the banks represents less than 1 percent of the outstanding residential mortgages of the banking sector in Hong Kong, according to the HKMA. “While the information provided by banks reflects that the total amount of mortgages provided by property developers remains small as compared to the total amount of outstanding RMLs provided by banks, the growth rate of these mortgages is increasing,” the HKMA said. Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal. LEARN MORE Most Read America’s Retailers Are Closing Stores Faster Than Ever Delta Delays Drag Into Fifth Day, Testing Passengers' Patience A Foreign Threat to U.S. Treasuries That Dwarfs Fed's Debt Hoard San Francisco Skyline Remade by Tallest West Coast Office Tower Here's What Trump's Syria Strike Did to Markets, as Impact Eases Terms of Service Trademarks Privacy Policy ©2017 Bloomberg L.P. All Rights Reserved Careers Made in NYC Advertise Ad Choices Website Feedback Help
Stallion Register TrueNicks Auction Edge The Source Sign In Search BloodHorse.com Home Daily News Triple Crown Racing Breeding Stallions Sales International Horses Blogs Subscribe More Appalachian Season Debut for New Money Honey By Mary Reeder @BH_MReeder April 9, 2017 9:34 PM Thoroughbred Racing, Kentucky Photo: Anne M. Eberhardt New Money Honey after winning the Breeders' Cup Juvenile Fillies Print Email Facebook Twitter Comment Breeders' Cup Juvenile Fillies Turf (G1T) winner New Money Honey is scheduled to make her sophomore debut April 13 in Keeneland's Appalachian Stakes Presented by Japan Racing Association (G3T), a one-mile turf race loaded with talent. The Medaglio d'Oro filly, owned by e Five Racing Thoroughbreds will face a tough field of 12 other 3-year-old fillies, which includes Juvenile Fillies Turf runner-up Coasted, fourth-place finisher Lull, and Florida Oaks (G3T) runner-up La Coronel who placed sixth in the Breeders' Cup race. New Money Honey worked at Keeneland for the first time this year, clocking four furlongs in :50 1/5 for trainer Chad Brown April 8. Previously training at Palm Meadows Training Center, she last posted a five furlong work April 1 in 1:00 2/5. Trainer Mark Casse brings La Coronel and Dream Dancing into the Appalachian for owner John Oxley. La Coronel was close in the March 11 Florida Oaks, just missing by a neck. The Colonel John filly won the Oct. 12 JPMorgan Chase Jessamine Stakes (G3T) at 1 1/16 miles on the Keeneland turf prior to Breeders' Cup.  While unplaced at the graded stakes level last year, Dream Dancing has won both her starts this year at Gulfstream Park. The daughter of Tapit   finished two lengths in front of recent Keeneland allowance winner Chubby Star in a Jan. 28 optional-claiming allowance and then got a neck in front of Coasted to win the Herecomesthebride Stakes (G3T) after splitting horses with a late drive March 4. Treadway Racing Stable's Coasted won Saratoga Race Course's P.G. Johnson Stakes after breaking her maiden at the New York track by six lengths over Dream Dancing in her second start. The only time the Tizway   filly finished off the board was a fifth-place in her career debut at Belmont Park. Christophe Clement sends out the War Front   filly Lull, who had two wins and a second behind La Coronel in the Jessamine in her first four starts. In her second start, the Aug. 17 Bolton Landing Stakes at Saratoga, the filly sustained a fall but was none-the-worse post race. The Appalachian will be her 2017 debut. Livin the Dream Racing's Bourbonette Oaks (G3T) winner Purely a Dream comes into the race fresh off that March 25 score at Turfway Park. The Pure Prize filly has won on the turf and synthetic for trainer Kenny McPeek, but lost both of her dirt attempts, with a second in her October debut at Keeneland and an eighth-place finish at Churchill Downs Nov. 26.  Trainer Graham Motion sends Journey Home up against her toughest competition yet. The Jimmy Durante Stakes (G3T) winner was fourth last-time out in the Dec. 29 Blue Norther Stakes for 2-year-old fillies. Phillips Racing Partnerships homebred Bellavais comes into the Appalachian off a three-quarter-length score in the Jan. 7 Ginger Brew Stakes at Gulfstream for trainer Jimmy Toner. Appalachian S. Presented by Japan Racing Association (G3T) Keeneland, Thursday, April 13, 2017, Race 8 1m Turf $125,000 3 yo Fillies 4:57 PM (local) PP Horse Jockey Wgt Trainer M/L 1 Dream Dancing (KY) Julien R. Leparoux 120 Mark E. Casse - 2 La Coronel (KY) Florent Geroux 120 Mark E. Casse - 3 Proctor's Ledge (KY) Corey J. Lanerie 118 Brendan P. Walsh - 4 New Money Honey (KY) Javier Castellano 123 Chad C. Brown - 5 Bellavais (KY) John R. Velazquez 118 James J. Toner - 6 Coasted (KY) Irad Ortiz, Jr. 118 Leah Gyarmati - 7 Journey Home (KY) Trevor McCarthy 120 H. Graham Motion - 8 Like a Hurricane (KY) Declan Cannon 118 Philip A. Bauer - 9 Dynatail (KY) Orlando Bocachica 120 Michael Dini - 10 Lull (KY) Jose L. Ortiz 118 Christophe Clement - 11 Morticia (KY) Jose Lezcano 118 George R. Arnold, II - 12 Purely a Dream (KY) Robby Albarado 118 Kenneth G. McPeek - 13 Ghostly Presence (ON) Joel Rosario 120 Roger L. Attfield - Tags Coasted Dream Dancing La Coronel Lull New Money Honey Keeneland Appalachian Stakes 2017 Keeneland racing Related Content New Money Honey Cashes Juvenile Fillies Turf Juvenile Fillies Turf Could Launch Next Star Dream Dancing Nabs Herecomesthebride at Wire Coasted Returns in Herecomesthebride La Coronel Powers Home in Jessamine Lull Headlines Jessamine Stakes Field New Money Honey Breaks Maiden in Miss Grillo Catch a Glimpse Determined in Appalachian Score Grade 1 Winner Dortmund Retired Most Popular Stories Grade 1 Winner Dortmund Retired Wilkes Retains Confidence After Blue Grass Loss Gormley Outlasts Rivals in Santa Anita Derby Blue Grass Hero Irap in Good Order After Shocking Win Irish War Cry Rebounds in Wood Memorial Champion Songbird Logs First Workout of 2017 Union Strike Outclasses Santa Paula Field Irap Latest Sale Success for Dennis O'Neill Irap Holds off Practical Joke in Blue Grass Shocker Sweet Loretta Back to Form in Beaumont In Today's Edition Champion Songbird Logs First Workout of 2017 Plus news, analysis, entries, results & replays Download Today's Edition Or Download the App BloodHorse Daily Free and Brought to you Daily Get the latest insider news, analysis, entries and results on your phone or sent to your email! Sign Up News Sections Latest News Triple Crown Racing Breeding Sales International Pedigree Analysis Horse Health Handicapping TOBA Press Releases Breeders' Cup Search By Date PrevNext April 2017 Su Mo Tu We Th Fr Sa             1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 30             Regional News Midwest Kentucky Southwest Southeast Northeast Mid-Atlantic West Inside Triple Crown Triple Crown News Steve Haskin's Derby Dozen Derby Prep Races Derby Contenders Triple Crown Nominations 2017 Triple Crown Races Kentucky Derby May 6, 6:34 PM ET on NBC Preakness Stakes May 20 Belmont Stakes June 10 Triple Crown History Triple Crown Winners All 12 winners of the Triple Crown Near Misses Winners of the Derby and Preakness Race Histories Winners of all three classics Inside Racing Racing News Race Results & Video Race Replays Entries Stakes Calendar Handicapping Triple Crown Breeders' Cup Racetracks Race Meet Calendar Eclipse Awards Leaders By Earnings Horses Jockeys Trainers Owners Breeders Search Race Results Date All Available Tracks Aiken - AIK Albuquerque - ALB Aqueduct - AQU Arapahoe Park - ARP Arlington Park - AP Assiniboia Downs - ASD Belmont Park - BEL Belterra Park - BTP Camden - CAM Canterbury Park - CBY Charles Town Races & Slots - CT Churchill Downs - CD Del Mar - DMR Delaware Park - DEL Delta Downs - DED Ellis Park - ELP Emerald Downs - EMD Evangeline Downs - EVD Fair Meadows - FMT Fair Grounds - FG Fairmount Park - FP Finger Lakes - FL Fort Erie - FE Foxfield - FX Fresno - FNO Golden Gate Fields - GG Great Meadow - GRM Gulfstream Park - GP Gulfstream Park West - GPW Hastings Racecourse - HST Hawthorne - HAW Hazel Park - HP Indiana Downs - IND Keeneland - KEE Kentucky Downs - KD Laurel Park - LRL Lone Star Park - LS Los Alamitos Race Course - LRC Louisiana Downs - LAD Mahoning Valley Racecourse - MVR Meadowlands - MED Middleburg - MID Monmouth Park - MTH Mountaineer Race Track And Gaming Resort - MNR Northlands Park - NP Oaklawn Park - OP Oak Tree At Pleasanton - OTP Parx Racing - PRX Penn National - PEN Pimlico - PIM Prairie Meadows - PRM Presque Isle Downs - PID Remington Park - RP Retama Park - RET Ruidoso Downs - RUI Sacramento - SAC Sam Houston Race Park - HOU Santa Rosa - SR Santa Anita Park - SA Saratoga - SAR Stockton - STK Suffolk Downs - SUF Sunland Park - SUN Sunray Park - SRP Tampa Bay Downs - TAM Thistledown - TDN Timonium - TIM Turf Paradise - TUP Turfway Park - TP Will Rogers Downs - WRD Woodbine - WO Zia Park - ZIA All Available Types Graded Stakes ($50,000 and up) Other Stakes ($50,000 and up) Allowance/Optional Claiming ($30,000/$50,000 and up) Maiden Special ($20,000 and up) Maiden Claiming ($20,000 and up) Inside Breeding Breeding News Newcomers Pedigree Analysis Report of Mares Bred North American Sire Lists All Sires First-Crop Sires Second-Crop Sires Third-Crop Sires Sires of 2YOs Turf Sires All-Weather Sires Sires by AEI N. American Sires Broodmare Sires State & Regional Sire Lists Select a State or Region Kentucky Midwest Northeast Mid-Atlantic Southeast Southwest West Coast Alabama Alaska Arizona Arkansas California Colorado Connecticut Delaware District of Columbia Florida Georgia Hawaii Idaho Illinois Indiana Iowa Kansas Kentucky Louisiana Maine Maryland Massachusetts Michigan Minnesota Mississippi Missouri Montana Nebraska Nevada New Hampshire New Jersey New Mexico New York North Carolina North Dakota Ohio Oklahoma Oregon Pennsylvania Rhode Island South Carolina South Dakota Tennessee Texas Utah Vermont Virginia Washington West Virginia Wisconsin Wyoming Search Stallions Advanced Search Stallion Register Online Related Sites TrueNicks Search Stallions Advanced Search North American Sire Lists All Sires First-Crop Sires Second-Crop Sires Third-Crop Sires Sires of 2YOs Turf Sires All-Weather Sires Sires by AEI N. American Sires Broodmare Sires State & Regional Sire Lists Select a State or Region Kentucky Midwest Northeast Mid-Atlantic Southeast Southwest West Coast Alabama Alaska Arizona Arkansas California Colorado Connecticut Delaware District of Columbia Florida Georgia Hawaii Idaho Illinois Indiana Iowa Kansas Kentucky Louisiana Maine Maryland Massachusetts Michigan Minnesota Mississippi Missouri Montana Nebraska Nevada New Hampshire New Jersey New Mexico New York North Carolina North Dakota Ohio Oklahoma Oregon Pennsylvania Rhode Island South Carolina South Dakota Tennessee Texas Utah Vermont Virginia Washington West Virginia Wisconsin Wyoming Int'l Sire Lists All Sires By N. Am. Earnings First-Crop Sires Second-Crop Sires Third-Crop Sires Sires of 2-Year-Olds Sale Averages Worldwide Leaders Sires Broodmare Sires Covering Sires N. American Leaders Sires Broodmare Sires Inside Sales Sales News State of the Market Sale Calendar Auctions Digest of 2015 Hip-by-Hip Results Search by Horse Search by Sale Search by Price Search by Buyer/Seller Leading Sires Sires Broodmare Sires Sires of Sire Covering Sires Leading People Buyers Consignors Breeders Related Sites Auction Edge TrueNicks Inside International International News Race Results Sale Results International Video International Sire Lists All Sires By N. Am. Earnings First-Crop Sires Second-Crop Sires Third-Crop Sires Sires of 2-Year-Olds Search International Race Results Date All Available Tracks Ascot - ASC Ayr - AYR Baden Baden - BAD Bordeaux Le Bouscat - LBS Cagnes-Sur-Mer - CSM Camarero Race Track - CMR Chantilly - CHY Chester - CHE Clairefontaine-Deauville - CD Compiegne - CMP Cork - COR Craon - CRA Curragh - CUR Deauville - DEA Doncaster - DON Dortmund - DOR Dundalk - DUN Dusseldorf - DUS Epsom - EPS Fairyhouse - FAH Fontainebleau - FBL Galway - GAL Goodwood - GOO Gowran Park - GOW Hamburg - HBG Hannover - HAN Haydock Park - HAY Hoppegarten - HOP Kempton Park - KEM Killarney - KIL Koln - KOL Krefeld - KRE La Teste De Buch - BOR Leopardstown - LEO Lingfield - LIN Longchamp - LCH Lyon-Parilly - LYP Maisons-Laffitte - ML Milan - MIL Munchen - MCH Naas - NAA Navan - NAV Newbury - NBY Newcastle - NC Newmarket - NEW Nottingham - NOT Pisa - PIS Pontefract - PON Rome - ROM Royal Windsor - WDS Saint Cloud - STC Salisbury - SAL Sandown Park - SAN Tipperary - TIP Tokyo - TOK Toulouse - TOU Vichy - VHY York - YOR All Available Types Graded Stakes ($50,000 and up) Other Stakes ($50,000 and up) Allowance/Optional Claiming ($30,000/$50,000 and up) Maiden Special ($20,000 and up) Maiden Claiming ($20,000 and up) Find Horses Search Horses 2017 Leaders by Earnings Arrogate Shaman Ghost Neolithic Girvin Always Dreaming View Full List Trending Horses Gunnevera Always Dreaming Farrell Tapwrit Arrogate Recent Stakes Winners Macagone Highway Star Sweet Loretta Union Strike Miss Sky Warrior View Full List Blog Stable Hangin' With Haskin by Steve Haskin Haskin's Derby Dozen by Steve Haskin Unlocking Winners by J. Keeler Johnson What's Going On Here by Blood-Horse Editors Keeping Pace by Frank Angst MarketWatch by Eric Mitchell Through the Lens by Anne M. Eberhardt TrueNicks by Byron Rogers & Alan Porter Choose the magazine edition that works best for you! Subscribe Now BloodHorse Daily Free and Brought to you Daily Sign Up Newsletters & Alerts Sign up for our free weekly email newsletters and alerts, filled with race previews and results, news of the week, or breaking news. Sign Up Video That Handicapping Show A weekly show dedicated to handicappers and horse players. All Video News Triple Crown Sales Race Videos Breeders' Cup International Podcasts Photos Slideshows Photo Store Special Features Longform Interactives Reports Free Reports Premium Reports Industry Library Health Zone Regional Reports State Medication Rules Resources Classifieds Industry Directory Stakes Calendar More Calendars Shop Stallion Register TrueNicks Auction Edge Shop Eclipse Press Custom Publishing The Source Social Facebook Twitter YouTube Pinterest Instagram Subscriptions Magazine Magazine Tablet Edition BloodHorse Daily Newsletters & Alerts RSS Products & Services Our Company Media Kit Our Products Custom Publishing Contact Contact Us Editorial Staff Advertising Staff Give Feedback Legal Terms of Use Privacy Policy Community Policy Cookie Policy Site Map Copyright © 2017 Blood-Horse LLC. All rights reserved internationally. Close
Contact Newsagent Login Scoop Search MARKETS Sharemarket Finance Company Results Real Estate SOEs ECONOMY Economy Reserve Bank Confidence Commerce Industrial Relations Employers Employment Statistics Taxation Trade Agreements Treasury INDUSTRY Agriculture Horticulture Fisheries Forestry Manufacturing Telecommunications Computing & Internet Media Retail Liquor Transport Tourism ENERGY Oil Coal Alternative Energy Electricity Gas Energy Policy Scoop Homepage | BizSciTech Homepage | Business Headlines | Business Most Read | Sci-Tech Headlines | Sci-Tech Most Read Powered by scoop.co.nz Tweet World Week Ahead: US earnings season 11:27 April 10, 2017Article 0 comments Article – BusinessDesk April 10 (BusinessDesk) – In a week shortened to four days by Good Friday, investors will look to the pending US earnings season as a reality check on valuations.Monday 10 April 2017 08:18 AM World Week Ahead: US earnings season By Margreet Dietz April 10 (BusinessDesk) – In a week shortened to four days by Good Friday, investors will look to the pending US earnings season as a reality check on valuations. Citigroup, JPMorgan Chase, and Wells Fargo are among US companies scheduled to report their latest quarterly results in the coming days. The financial sector is projected to post a 15.4 percent profit gain, second only to energy among S&P sectors, according to Reuters. Last Friday Wall Street’s three benchmarks closed marginally weaker, each down less than 0.1 percent, after the US launched a cruise-missile strike on Syria and a report showing American employers added fewer jobs than expected in March. The Labor Department report showed payrolls climbed by 98,000 in March, after a downwardly-revised 219,000 increase in February. Even so, the unemployment rate dropped to 4.5 percent, the lowest since May 2007, while hourly wages rose at a 2.7 percent year-over-year pace. Analysts remained optimistic about the US economy, attributing March’s headline miss to poor weather. “Aside from the payroll data, all the other underlying details are encouraging,” Tom Simons, an economist at Jefferies in New York, told Bloomberg. “People are re-entering the labour force and it looks like they’re getting jobs right away. The participation rate being steady is encouraging there.” This week the latest US economic data will arrive in the form of reports on the labour market conditions index, due today; the NFIB small business optimism index and JOLTS, or the Job Openings and Labour Turnover Survey, due Tuesday; import and export prices, Atlanta Fed business inflation expectations, due Wednesday; weekly jobless claims, producer price index, and consumer sentiment, due Thursday; as well as the consumer price index, retail sales, and business inventories, due Friday. Federal Reserve chair Janet Yellen is set to speak in Ann Arbor, Michigan, today, while Minneapolis Fed President Neel Kashkari will speak on Tuesday. Both will be closely watched for clues on the pace of rate increases as well as plans to reduce the central bank’s balance sheet. Wall Street’s top banks see the Fed laying out by year end its plan to scale back reinvestments in Treasuries and mortgage-backed securities, according to a Reuters poll. Five of 15 primary dealers, or banks that do business directly with the Fed, expected it to start paring reinvestments by year end, while the rest forecast the central bank would do so by the end of the second quarter of 2018, Reuters reported. Last week, the Dow Jones Industrial Average slipped 0.03 percent, the Standard & Poor’s 500 Index declined 0.3 percent, and the Nasdaq Composite Index slid 0.6 percent. “While investors may be struggling to find reasons to get into the market, they also realise the reasons to sell are limited,” strategists at Voya Investment Management said in a note Friday, Bloomberg reported. Financial markets will be closed on Friday. In Europe, the Stoxx 600 Index closed 0.1 percent higher on Friday. One unknown as the week begins is a potential fresh geopolitical flashpoint. The US Navy is moving a strike group, including an aircraft carrier, toward the Korean peninsula as a show of force, according to a Reuters report. (BusinessDesk) ends Content Sourced from scoop.co.nz Original url Trackback-URL  Print This Post comments feed for this post Tweet   No comments yet. Write a comment: You must be logged in to post a comment.   Blogroll China Economic Scan Compare house prices Deposit Rates Direct Broking – NZX & ASX Trading & Prices Findata – Market Data Good Returns Herald Business Interest.co.nz – Interest Rates News & Views National Business Review Property Talk Sharechat Stuff Business Value Cruncher – NZX Latest Business news Police in attendance at incident in Queenstown 2-day closure SH1 south of Kaikoura from today 6 pm Highway south of Kaikoura closes 6 pm tonight Eco’ tourism gateway pub placed on the market for sale PEPANZ Disappointed by Latest Greenpeace Media Stunt New paper proposes medical approach to river health Independent review of Edgecumbe flood event Russel Norman was among activists who jumped into sea New cycle road markings for 30 city locations Property Brokers Manawatu fined $1.5m in price fixing case Mussel breeding research pays off Growing new teeth one of 11 projects announced Ideas for Rotorua’s transport network to be explained Partner appointment Expect delays following crash on Harbour Bridge Text Links Recent Comments Lan: Unbelievable that a WEST AUSTR... jackp: Murray, when Key is involved t... Murray Guy: There are no boundaries when i... Lan: Canada & EU do it..Bryce ... Lan: I read somewhere that they do ... Simon Johnson: The former Department of Labou... Andrew P Nichols: Long overdue. Nowhere else in ... Rafi: I look forward to Mr Lees-Gall... Kevin McMahon: Yes, good on Lord Monckton. ... Bee: How do you think Kim Jon Key m... Categories Article Column Opinion PressRelease Uncategorized Monthly Archives April 2017 March 2017 February 2017 January 2017 December 2016 November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 September 2013 August 2013 July 2013 June 2013 May 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013 January 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 August 2012 July 2012 June 2012 May 2012 April 2012 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 November 2011 October 2011 September 2011 August 2011 July 2011 June 2011 May 2011 April 2011 March 2011 February 2011 January 2011 December 2010 November 2010 October 2010 September 2010 August 2010 July 2010 June 2010 May 2010 April 2010 March 2010 February 2010 January 2010 December 2009 November 2009 October 2009 September 2009 August 2009 July 2009 June 2009 May 2009 April 2009 March 2009 February 2009 January 2009 December 2008 November 2008 October 2008 September 2008 August 2008 November 1999 Feeds RSS Posts RSS Comments Scoop Business © 2017 | Powered by Scoop Media | Terms of Use
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Intesa Sanpaolo SpA - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Intesa Sanpaolo SpA with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Brokerages Set Argonaut Gold Inc (AR) PT at $3.55 Intesa Sanpaolo SpA (ISP) Given Average Recommendation of “Buy” by Analysts Southwest Bancorp, Inc. (OKSB) Given Consensus Rating of “Hold” by Analysts AMETEK, Inc. (AME) Given Consensus Recommendation of “Buy” by Brokerages Seaspan Co. (SSW) Receives Consensus Rating of “Hold” from Analysts Brokerages Set Lonestar Resources US Inc. (LONE) Target Price at $11.64 Integrated Device Technology Inc (IDTI) Receives $26.50 Average Price Target from Analysts Hudson Pacific Properties Inc (HPP) Receives Consensus Rating of “Buy” from Analysts Tandem Diabetes Care Inc (TNDM) Receives Average Recommendation of “Hold” from Brokerages Pandora Media Inc (P) Receives $14.91 Consensus Price Target from Analysts Procter & Gamble Co (PG) Given Average Recommendation of “Hold” by Analysts Otter Tail Co. (OTTR) Given $41.50 Average Price Target by Brokerages Analysts Set Sunoco Logistics Partners L.P. (SXL) PT at $30.33 Analysts Set SunOpta, Inc. (STKL) Target Price at $8.67 Brokerages Set Constellation Brands, Inc. (STZ) Price Target at $177.73 PepsiCo, Inc. (PEP) Receives $114.53 Average Price Target from Analysts First Hawaiian Inc (FHB) Receives Buy Rating from Barclays PLC BankUnited’s (BKU) “Buy” Rating Reaffirmed at Barclays PLC Darden Restaurants, Inc. (DRI) Given Average Rating of “Hold” by Brokerages NextEra Energy Inc (NEE) Receives $137.88 Consensus PT from Analysts Intesa Sanpaolo SpA (ISP) Given Average Recommendation of “Buy” by Analysts April 9th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Latisha Jones Filed Under: Consensus Rating Articles - Finance Tweet Intesa Sanpaolo SpA (BIT:ISP) has been assigned a consensus recommendation of “Buy” from the eighteen research firms that are presently covering the company. One research analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, five have given a hold rating and twelve have given a buy rating to the company. The average 12 month target price among brokers that have issued ratings on the stock in the last year is €2.62 ($2.79). Several equities analysts have recently issued reports on the company. Barclays PLC set a €2.70 ($2.87) target price on Intesa Sanpaolo SpA and gave the stock a “buy” rating in a research report on Thursday, March 23rd. HSBC Holdings plc set a €2.44 ($2.60) target price on Intesa Sanpaolo SpA and gave the stock a “neutral” rating in a research report on Thursday, January 26th. Goldman Sachs Group Inc set a €2.90 ($3.09) target price on Intesa Sanpaolo SpA and gave the stock a “neutral” rating in a research report on Monday, February 6th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. set a €2.50 ($2.66) target price on Intesa Sanpaolo SpA and gave the stock a “neutral” rating in a research report on Monday, February 6th. Finally, Morgan Stanley set a €3.00 ($3.19) target price on Intesa Sanpaolo SpA and gave the stock a “buy” rating in a research report on Thursday. Intesa Sanpaolo SpA (BIT:ISP) traded up 0.32% during trading on Tuesday, reaching €2.54. The company had a trading volume of 94,166,030 shares. The company has a market capitalization of €42.63 billion and a PE ratio of 13.73. The company has a 50 day moving average price of €2.39 and a 200 day moving average price of €2.25. Intesa Sanpaolo SpA has a 52-week low of €1.52 and a 52-week high of €2.59. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY NOTICE: This report was originally reported by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are reading this report on another website, it was stolen and reposted in violation of U.S. & international copyright and trademark legislation. The correct version of this report can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/09/intesa-sanpaolo-spa-isp-given-average-recommendation-of-buy-by-analysts.html. Intesa Sanpaolo SpA Company Profile Intesa Sanpaolo S.p.A. is a banking company. The Company conducts its operations through various segments, such as Banca dei Territori, which includes its traditional lending and deposit collecting activities in Italy and related financial services; Corporate and Investment Banking, which deals with corporate banking, investment banking and public finance in Italy and abroad; International Subsidiary Banks, which includes its commercial operations on international markets through subsidiary and associated banks primarily involved in retail banking operations; Private Banking, which provides private and high net worth individuals with specific products and services; Asset Management, which offers asset management solutions; Insurance, which includes the operations of Intesa Sanpaolo Vita S.p.A. Receive News & Ratings for Intesa Sanpaolo SpA Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Intesa Sanpaolo SpA and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Government Wants to Know Trump Critic on Twitter Susan Rice Denies leaking Names of Officials in Intelligence Reports Senate Facing Showdown over Nomination of Neil Gorsuch Ex-Trump Advisor Michael Flynn Seeking Immunity Challenges on Rollback of Climate Policies to Come © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Seaspan Co. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Seaspan Co. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News AMETEK, Inc. (AME) Given Consensus Recommendation of “Buy” by Brokerages Seaspan Co. (SSW) Receives Consensus Rating of “Hold” from Analysts Brokerages Set Lonestar Resources US Inc. (LONE) Target Price at $11.64 Integrated Device Technology Inc (IDTI) Receives $26.50 Average Price Target from Analysts Hudson Pacific Properties Inc (HPP) Receives Consensus Rating of “Buy” from Analysts Tandem Diabetes Care Inc (TNDM) Receives Average Recommendation of “Hold” from Brokerages Pandora Media Inc (P) Receives $14.91 Consensus Price Target from Analysts Procter & Gamble Co (PG) Given Average Recommendation of “Hold” by Analysts Otter Tail Co. (OTTR) Given $41.50 Average Price Target by Brokerages Analysts Set Sunoco Logistics Partners L.P. (SXL) PT at $30.33 Analysts Set SunOpta, Inc. (STKL) Target Price at $8.67 Brokerages Set Constellation Brands, Inc. (STZ) Price Target at $177.73 PepsiCo, Inc. (PEP) Receives $114.53 Average Price Target from Analysts First Hawaiian Inc (FHB) Receives Buy Rating from Barclays PLC BankUnited’s (BKU) “Buy” Rating Reaffirmed at Barclays PLC Darden Restaurants, Inc. (DRI) Given Average Rating of “Hold” by Brokerages NextEra Energy Inc (NEE) Receives $137.88 Consensus PT from Analysts Sarepta Therapeutics Inc (SRPT) Given Consensus Rating of “Buy” by Brokerages JetBlue Airways Co. (JBLU) Given Average Recommendation of “Hold” by Brokerages Wright Medical Group Inc (WMGI) Given Average Recommendation of “Buy” by Analysts Seaspan Co. (SSW) Receives Consensus Rating of “Hold” from Analysts April 9th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Patrick Bannon Filed Under: Consensus Rating Articles - Finance Tweet Seaspan Co. (NYSE:SSW) has received an average rating of “Hold” from the eleven brokerages that are currently covering the company. Four research analysts have rated the stock with a sell recommendation and seven have assigned a hold recommendation to the company. The average 12-month target price among brokers that have covered the stock in the last year is $7.93. A number of research firms have recently weighed in on SSW. Seaport Global Securities restated a “neutral” rating on shares of Seaspan in a research note on Thursday, January 19th. Zacks Investment Research upgraded shares of Seaspan from a “strong sell” rating to a “hold” rating in a report on Saturday, February 18th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. upgraded shares of Seaspan from an “underweight” rating to a “neutral” rating and lowered their price target for the stock from $10.00 to $8.00 in a report on Thursday, March 2nd. Barclays PLC restated an “underweight” rating and set a $6.00 price target (down previously from $11.00) on shares of Seaspan in a report on Thursday, March 16th. Finally, Credit Suisse Group AG set a $8.00 price target on shares of Seaspan and gave the stock a “hold” rating in a report on Thursday, March 2nd. Seaspan (NYSE:SSW) traded down 2.86% during mid-day trading on Tuesday, reaching $6.46. 915,751 shares of the company’s stock traded hands. Seaspan has a 1-year low of $6.05 and a 1-year high of $18.36. The firm’s market cap is $682.60 million. The firm has a 50 day moving average of $7.33 and a 200 day moving average of $10.12. Seaspan (NYSE:SSW) last posted its quarterly earnings results on Tuesday, February 28th. The company reported $0.21 earnings per share for the quarter, beating analysts’ consensus estimates of $0.18 by $0.03. Seaspan had a negative net margin of 7.28% and a positive return on equity of 10.38%. The company had revenue of $213.20 million for the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $213.39 million. During the same period last year, the company posted $0.35 EPS. The firm’s quarterly revenue was down 2.4% compared to the same quarter last year. Analysts forecast that Seaspan will post $0.69 EPS for the current year. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY WARNING: “Seaspan Co. (SSW) Receives Consensus Rating of “Hold” from Analysts” was first posted by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are reading this news story on another domain, it was stolen and reposted in violation of US & international trademark & copyright law. The original version of this news story can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/09/seaspan-co-ssw-receives-consensus-rating-of-hold-from-analysts.html. A number of large investors have recently made changes to their positions in SSW. First Allied Advisory Services Inc. boosted its stake in shares of Seaspan by 6.5% in the fourth quarter. First Allied Advisory Services Inc. now owns 16,664 shares of the company’s stock worth $152,000 after buying an additional 1,021 shares in the last quarter. Ladenburg Thalmann Financial Services Inc. boosted its stake in shares of Seaspan by 215.3% in the fourth quarter. Ladenburg Thalmann Financial Services Inc. now owns 17,561 shares of the company’s stock worth $161,000 after buying an additional 11,991 shares in the last quarter. Renaissance Group LLC boosted its stake in shares of Seaspan by 16.4% in the fourth quarter. Renaissance Group LLC now owns 18,437 shares of the company’s stock worth $169,000 after buying an additional 2,597 shares in the last quarter. Highbridge Capital Management LLC purchased a new stake in shares of Seaspan during the fourth quarter worth about $193,000. Finally, L & S Advisors Inc purchased a new stake in shares of Seaspan during the fourth quarter worth about $197,000. Institutional investors and hedge funds own 11.71% of the company’s stock. Seaspan Company Profile Seaspan Corporation is an independent charter owner and manager of containerships. The Company charters pursuant to long-term, fixed-rate time charters with various container liner companies. As of February 20, 2017, it had operated a fleet of 88 containerships and had entered into contracts for the purchase of an additional eight new building containerships. Receive News & Ratings for Seaspan Co. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Seaspan Co. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Government Wants to Know Trump Critic on Twitter Susan Rice Denies leaking Names of Officials in Intelligence Reports Senate Facing Showdown over Nomination of Neil Gorsuch Ex-Trump Advisor Michael Flynn Seeking Immunity Challenges on Rollback of Climate Policies to Come © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Daily indicators SENS Click a Company Click a unit trust Unit trust portfolio tool Watchlist Click an Advisor Daily Indicators | Sens Sign in Sign up FOLLOW US Menu News Close South Africa Africa International Companies and Deals Industry Economy Markets Tech Budget Close In Depth Close E-magazines Know your Moneyweb Multimedia Ecommerce Investigations Budget The Money Expo FNB Business Leadership Tipping Point Nation Brand Forum Glacier by Sanlam GGDA Ashburton Investments Bonitas Medical 101’s Grindstone Entrepreneur Initiative Retire well RMB Africa Insights Standard Bank Africa Calling 10x Nedbank Infrastructure Bestmed Close MyMoney Close Personal Finance Financial planning Tax Millionaires Retire well Close Investing Close Commodities Equities Property Unit Trusts Offshore investing Close Mineweb Close Gold Silver Coal Base metals Mining companies & investment Close Opinion Close Columnists Soapbox Close Radio Close SAFM Market Update Special Report Market Commentator Tipping Point SME Webinars RSG Geldsake Adviseur Insigte Terug na die Toekoms Draaipunt Doen jou eie ding Landbou-potgooi Money Talk on Radio 2000 Financial education Close Tools and data Close Daily indicators Click a Company SENS Directors’ dealings JSE Search Tax calculator Latest winners and losers New 52 week highs and lows Top by value and volume Dividend watch Business calendar Company stats Unit Trust Search Unit trust portfolio tool Click an Advisor Close  SHOW QUICK INDICATORS  CLOSE QUICK INDICATORS JSE Indices Value Move % More JSE Indices World Indices Value Move % More World Indices Currencies Value Move % More Currencies Commodities Value Move % More Commodities Shares Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Google Plus Email Print WhatsApp  Registered users can save articles to their personal articles list. Login here or sign up here Shares Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Google Plus   Email Print WhatsApp    Email this article Your Name: Your Email: Send Email To: Keep this field blank  Registered users can save articles to their personal articles list. Login here or sign up here Markets Hot spots in emerging markets this week: South Africa, Russia Faceoff in Syria threatens to spark outflows from ruble assets. Filipe Pacheco, Bloomberg  /  9 April 2017&nbsp23:59 South African bonds will trade Monday carrying junk grades from two ratings agencies for the first time since 2000, while Russian assets may come under pressure as tension between President Vladimir Putin’s government and the U.S. escalates after an American missile attack in Syria. Meanwhile, Turkey’s bonds and the lira will be in the spotlight as voters prepare to decide in an April 16 referendum on whether to give President Recep Tayyip Erdogan broader executive powers. RUSSIA Russian assets will continue to weaken over worries about rising tension with the U.S., says Timothy Ash, a senior strategist at Bluebay Asset Management. The ruble was the worst performer among 31 major currencies tracked by Bloomberg on Friday, falling 1.5%, while the country’s credit-default swaps jumped the most in the world. Putin has slammed the U.S. attacks in Syria as an “act of aggression,” dispelling hopes for improved ties between the two nations. U.K. Foreign Secretary Boris Johnson on Saturday canceled a trip to Moscow for high-level meetings scheduled for Monday after coordinating with the U.S., saying he would meet instead with his Group of Seven peers in Italy to discuss the Syrian crisis and “Russia’s support for Assad.” SOUTH AFRICA The rand fell for a second straight week after Fitch Ratings dealt a fresh blow to South Africa on Friday when it cut the nation’s debt to below investment grade, following a similar move by S&P Global Ratings. JPMorgan Chase & Co. said it would remove South Africa from gauges tracked by $59 billion of funds. The currency ended the day little changed, leaving it 9.6% weaker over the past two weeks, more than any other major currency in the world. President Jacob Zuma has plunged the nation into a political crisis since firing Finance Minister Pravin Gordhan in a cabinet purge March 31. “In light of the junk status, we will need to revise expenditure patterns as a government,” African National Congress Economic Committee Chairman Enoch Godongwana told reporters in Johannesburg on Sunday. TURKEY Turks on Sunday will vote on a proposal to reshape the nation’s democracy by abolishing the post of prime minister and handing President Erdogan sweeping executive powers. The lira’s one-month implied volatility rose last week to the highest level since January. Meanwhile, the U.S. attack in Syria aligned Trump with Turkish policies on the civil war in the Levant nation. Turkey has been a steadfast proponent of targeting President Bashar al-Assad’s regime. VENEZUELA The country’s state-controlled oil-producer, known as PDVSA, is scheduled to pay $2.1 billion in debt this week. The company has informed investors that all principal and interest related to its bond maturing this month will be paid on April 12, it said in an e-mailed statement. The bonds surged last week. EGYPT The country’s EGX 30 Index of stocks fell Sunday by the most since Feb. 27 after an explosion tore through a church in the Nile Delta city of Tanta, killing at least 21 people. It was followed by another attack in Alexandria that left at least 13 dead. The blasts underscore the challenges confronting President Abdel-Fattah El-Sisi as his government tries to attract international investors to an economy battered by years of unrest. The IMF said last week it’s working with Egyptian authorities to help control inflation that surged past 30% in February. Read More Dozens Killed in Two Egyptian Church Bombings on Palm Sunday Trump’s Syria Missile Strike Ramps Up Tensions With Moscow Why South Africans Are Losing Faith in Zuma and ANC: QuickTake Turkey Debt No Longer No-Go Zone as 11% Yield May Cushion Risks Venezuela Steps Up Harassment of Opponents as Protests Rise. © 2017 Bloomberg Home    News    Markets More stories from Moneyweb SPONSORED SA’s largest advertising agency group was born without a strategy Sibonelo Ngema Masthead Financial Planning Are SA government bonds a buying opportunity? ‘Junk’-rated debt could cost SA more than R138bn in lost funds Latest headlines    Five things you need to know to start your day    RTIA moves to appeal Fines4U Aarto judgement    IFC pressures Net1 to review lending practices    How Vodacom has hiked contract prices by stealth    No comments so far To comment, you must be registered and logged in. LOGIN HERE Username Password Remember Me Forgot password Don't have an account? Sign up here Latest Currencies ZAR / USD ZAR / GBP ZAR / Euro Editor's Picks Commented Top Read 1 Meet the guy who wants to build the Woolies of financial services 2 Prescription: Moderate exercise, five times a week 3 Fitch also downgrades South Africa to junk 1 Put your Underwood face on, Mmusi   22 2 Zuma talks tough on land, though repeat of Zimbabwe unlikely   20 3 Fitch also downgrades South Africa to junk   18 1 Third new stock exchange licence granted 2 Are SA government bonds a buying opportunity? 3 ‘Junk’-rated debt could cost SA more than R138bn in lost funds SEARCH CLICK A COMPANY Enter company name or share code: MONEYWEB NEWSLETTERS Subscribe to our mailing list * indicates required Email Address * First Name Last Name Moneyweb newsletters Morning Coffee Moneyweb radio transcripts On SAFM Market update tonight Op RSG Geldsake vanaand Moneyweb Investor monthly magazine Podcasts <a href="https://iono.fm/c/2249">This channel is hosted by iono.fm</a> Moneyweb Investor Issue 23 South Africa is facing significant challenges and not all are of our own making. This month’s issue of The Moneyweb Investor takes a closer look at Donald Trump's economic policies and considers their implications for South Africa. Read online MONEYWEB JOURNALISTS Follow @Moneyweb Tweet to @Moneyweb A Twitter List by Moneyweb HOME Fast News In depth Budget E-magazines Investigations Investing Commodities Equities Offshore investing Property Unit Trusts MyMoney Financial planning Personal Finance Tax News South Africa Africa International Companies and Deals Industry Economy Markets Tech Opinion Columnists Soapbox Radio SAFM Market Update RSG Geldsake Market Commentator Special Report JSE Today Latest winners and losers Top by value and volume New 52 week highs and lows Tools and data Business calendar Click a company Click an Advisor Daily indicators Directors’ dealings Dividend watch SENS Tax calculator Unit trust portfolio tool Unit Trust Search Moneyweb Site feedback Register for Click an Advisor Advertise with us Contact Moneyweb About Moneyweb Investor relations Moneyweb staff disclosures Terms of Use Home Click a company Click a Unit Trust Click an Advisor Unit trust portfolio tool Directors’ dealings Dividend watch Advertise with us About Moneyweb Contact Moneyweb Price and trade data source: JSE Ltd. All other statistics calculated by Profile Data. All data on this page is delayed by at least 15 minutes. Copyright © 2017 Moneyweb Holdings Ltd. All Rights Reserved. server: 172.16.0.15
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance PepsiCo Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for PepsiCo Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Brokerages Set Constellation Brands, Inc. (STZ) Price Target at $177.73 PepsiCo, Inc. (PEP) Receives $114.53 Average Price Target from Analysts First Hawaiian Inc (FHB) Receives Buy Rating from Barclays PLC BankUnited’s (BKU) “Buy” Rating Reaffirmed at Barclays PLC Darden Restaurants, Inc. (DRI) Given Average Rating of “Hold” by Brokerages NextEra Energy Inc (NEE) Receives $137.88 Consensus PT from Analysts Sarepta Therapeutics Inc (SRPT) Given Consensus Rating of “Buy” by Brokerages JetBlue Airways Co. (JBLU) Given Average Recommendation of “Hold” by Brokerages Wright Medical Group Inc (WMGI) Given Average Recommendation of “Buy” by Analysts Gastar Exploration Inc (GST) Receives $2.15 Average PT from Brokerages Cowen and Company Reaffirms “Outperform” Rating for K2M Group Holdings Inc (KTWO) Sunoco LP (SUN) Given Outperform Rating at Credit Suisse Group AG Hewlett Packard Enterprise Co (HPE) Rating Reiterated by Mizuho Zacks: Brokerages Set $13.25 Target Price for Fulgent Genetics Inc (FLGT) Selecta Biosciences Inc (SELB) Given Consensus Recommendation of “Strong Buy” by Brokerages Kemper Corp (KMPR) Earns Media Impact Rating of 0.31 Hub Group (HUBG) Receives Media Impact Score of 0.31 Positive Media Coverage Somewhat Likely to Impact Liberty Global plc – Class A (LBTYA) Stock Price Life Storage Inc (LSI) Given Average Rating of “Hold” by Analysts Analysts Set $23.00 Price Target for Northwest Pipe Company (NWPX) PepsiCo, Inc. (PEP) Receives $114.53 Average Price Target from Analysts April 9th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Patrick Bannon Filed Under: Consensus Rating Articles - Finance Tweet Shares of PepsiCo, Inc. (NYSE:PEP) have been assigned a consensus rating of “Buy” from the twenty-one analysts that are currently covering the company. One investment analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, seven have given a hold rating and thirteen have assigned a buy rating to the company. The average 12-month price target among analysts that have issued a report on the stock in the last year is $114.53. A number of research firms have recently commented on PEP. Royal Bank of Canada reiterated a “hold” rating and issued a $115.00 price objective on shares of PepsiCo in a report on Thursday, March 23rd. Credit Suisse Group AG increased their price objective on PepsiCo from $115.00 to $121.00 and gave the company a “buy” rating in a report on Thursday, March 23rd. BMO Capital Markets reiterated a “buy” rating and issued a $115.00 price objective on shares of PepsiCo in a report on Wednesday, March 22nd. JPMorgan Chase & Co. began coverage on PepsiCo in a report on Tuesday, March 21st. They issued an “overweight” rating and a $125.00 price objective on the stock. Finally, Sanford C. Bernstein reiterated an “outperform” rating on shares of PepsiCo in a report on Friday, March 3rd. In other news, CEO Laxman Narasimhan sold 4,258 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction on Monday, March 6th. The shares were sold at an average price of $109.50, for a total value of $466,251.00. Following the transaction, the chief executive officer now directly owns 112,519 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $12,320,830.50. The transaction was disclosed in a document filed with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is available at this hyperlink. Also, COO Vivek Sankaran sold 2,000 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction on Friday, March 3rd. The stock was sold at an average price of $110.22, for a total transaction of $220,440.00. Following the completion of the transaction, the chief operating officer now directly owns 73,595 shares in the company, valued at $8,111,640.90. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Insiders have sold a total of 44,343 shares of company stock valued at $4,850,480 in the last quarter. Insiders own 0.33% of the company’s stock. Institutional investors have recently bought and sold shares of the company. State Street Corp boosted its stake in PepsiCo by 1.8% in the fourth quarter. State Street Corp now owns 63,651,479 shares of the company’s stock valued at $6,663,170,000 after buying an additional 1,115,697 shares during the last quarter. Price T Rowe Associates Inc. MD boosted its stake in PepsiCo by 21.1% in the third quarter. Price T Rowe Associates Inc. MD now owns 21,642,802 shares of the company’s stock valued at $2,354,088,000 after buying an additional 3,773,486 shares during the last quarter. Franklin Resources Inc. boosted its stake in PepsiCo by 2.2% in the fourth quarter. Franklin Resources Inc. now owns 15,671,152 shares of the company’s stock valued at $1,639,677,000 after buying an additional 340,666 shares during the last quarter. Norges Bank bought a new stake in PepsiCo during the fourth quarter valued at $1,492,411,000. Finally, UBS Asset Management Americas Inc. boosted its stake in PepsiCo by 2.2% in the third quarter. UBS Asset Management Americas Inc. now owns 8,028,947 shares of the company’s stock valued at $873,308,000 after buying an additional 173,958 shares during the last quarter. 70.43% of the stock is currently owned by hedge funds and other institutional investors. PepsiCo (NYSE:PEP) traded up 0.03% during midday trading on Tuesday, hitting $111.61. The company had a trading volume of 2,799,610 shares. The firm has a 50-day moving average price of $109.02 and a 200-day moving average price of $105.85. The company has a market cap of $159.29 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 25.60 and a beta of 0.53. PepsiCo has a 12 month low of $98.50 and a 12 month high of $112.76. PepsiCo (NYSE:PEP) last posted its quarterly earnings results on Wednesday, February 15th. The company reported $1.20 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, beating analysts’ consensus estimates of $1.16 by $0.04. The company had revenue of $19.52 billion for the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $19.51 billion. PepsiCo had a return on equity of 56.16% and a net margin of 10.74%. PepsiCo’s revenue for the quarter was up 5.0% compared to the same quarter last year. During the same quarter last year, the company earned $1.06 EPS. Equities analysts anticipate that PepsiCo will post $5.12 EPS for the current year. The business also recently disclosed a quarterly dividend, which was paid on Friday, March 31st. Stockholders of record on Friday, March 3rd were given a dividend of $0.7525 per share. The ex-dividend date was Wednesday, March 1st. This represents a $3.01 dividend on an annualized basis and a dividend yield of 2.70%. PepsiCo’s dividend payout ratio (DPR) is presently 66.01%. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY NOTICE: “PepsiCo, Inc. (PEP) Receives $114.53 Average Price Target from Analysts” was first published by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are reading this report on another website, it was illegally copied and reposted in violation of United States and international trademark & copyright laws. The legal version of this report can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/09/pepsico-inc-pep-receives-114-53-average-price-target-from-analysts.html. PepsiCo Company Profile PepsiCo, Inc is a global food and beverage company. The Company’s portfolio of brands includes Frito-Lay, Gatorade, Pepsi-Cola, Quaker and Tropicana. The Company operates through six segments: Frito-Lay North America (FLNA), Quaker Foods North America (QFNA), North America Beverages (NAB), Latin America, Europe Sub-Saharan Africa (ESSA), and Asia, Middle East and North Africa (AMENA). Receive News & Ratings for PepsiCo Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for PepsiCo Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Government Wants to Know Trump Critic on Twitter Susan Rice Denies leaking Names of Officials in Intelligence Reports Senate Facing Showdown over Nomination of Neil Gorsuch Ex-Trump Advisor Michael Flynn Seeking Immunity Challenges on Rollback of Climate Policies to Come © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Vodafone Group Plc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Vodafone Group Plc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Zacks: Analysts Expect Vodafone Group Plc (VOD) Will Announce Quarterly Sales of $0.00 $0.00 in Sales Expected for Napco Security Technologies Inc (NSSC) This Quarter $0.00 in Sales Expected for Novogen Limited (NVGN) This Quarter Short Interest in Computer Task Group, Inc. (CTG) Drops By 24.6% Norges Bank Purchases Shares of 447,978 Stifel Financial Corp (SF) Quadrature Capital Ltd Acquires New Stake in AMC Entertainment Holdings Inc (AMC) MSG Networks Inc (MSGN) Position Boosted by Quadrature Capital Ltd River & Mercantile Asset Management LLP Buys New Position in UnitedHealth Group Inc (UNH) Quadrature Capital Ltd Takes Position in Advance Auto Parts, Inc. (AAP) Quadrature Capital Ltd Acquires Shares of 5,841 Willis Towers Watson PLC (WLTW) Norges Bank Acquires Shares of 1,349,284 KBR, Inc. (KBR) PLDT (PHI) Getting Favorable News Coverage, AlphaOne Reports Presbia PLC (LENS) Earning Very Favorable News Coverage, Analysis Finds Rightside Group (NAME) Given Daily News Impact Score of 0.46 Luxottica Group SpA (LUX) Earns News Sentiment Rating of 0.56 Altria Group Inc (MO) Stake Raised by Pittenger & Anderson Inc. Altria Group Inc (MO) Stake Maintained by Tortoise Investment Management LLC Norges Bank Acquires Shares of 787,585 Mosaic Co (MOS) Comcast Co. (CMCSA) Shares Bought by Putnam Investments LLC Wal-Mart Stores Inc (WMT) Shares Bought by Archford Capital Strategies LLC Zacks: Analysts Expect Vodafone Group Plc (VOD) Will Announce Quarterly Sales of $0.00 April 9th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Tyrone Williams Filed Under: Consensus Rating Articles - Finance Tweet Wall Street analysts expect Vodafone Group Plc (NASDAQ:VOD) to post sales of $0.00 for the current fiscal quarter, according to Zacks. Zero analysts have issued estimates for Vodafone Group Plc’s earnings. The business is scheduled to issue its next earnings report on Tuesday, May 16th. On average, analysts expect that Vodafone Group Plc will report full-year sales of $0.00 for the current financial year. For the next fiscal year, analysts anticipate that the firm will post sales of $56.74 billion per share. Zacks’ sales calculations are an average based on a survey of sell-side research firms that follow Vodafone Group Plc. A number of research firms have recently issued reports on VOD. Zacks Investment Research raised Vodafone Group Plc from a “sell” rating to a “hold” rating in a research report on Tuesday, March 28th. HSBC Holdings plc downgraded Vodafone Group Plc from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating in a research report on Tuesday, January 17th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. reissued a “neutral” rating on shares of Vodafone Group Plc in a research report on Wednesday, January 11th. Barclays PLC reissued a “buy” rating on shares of Vodafone Group Plc in a research report on Sunday, January 8th. Finally, Goldman Sachs Group Inc raised Vodafone Group Plc from a “neutral” rating to a “buy” rating in a research report on Tuesday, January 10th. Eight equities research analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating, six have issued a buy rating and one has issued a strong buy rating to the company’s stock. The company has an average rating of “Buy” and an average target price of $30.35. A number of large investors have recently modified their holdings of the stock. HighPoint Advisor Group LLC increased its stake in shares of Vodafone Group Plc by 0.3% in the fourth quarter. HighPoint Advisor Group LLC now owns 20,569 shares of the cell phone carrier’s stock worth $520,000 after buying an additional 65 shares during the last quarter. Wellington Shields & Co. LLC increased its stake in shares of Vodafone Group Plc by 0.8% in the third quarter. Wellington Shields & Co. LLC now owns 16,956 shares of the cell phone carrier’s stock worth $494,000 after buying an additional 129 shares during the last quarter. Pekin Singer Strauss Asset Management IL increased its stake in shares of Vodafone Group Plc by 2.2% in the third quarter. Pekin Singer Strauss Asset Management IL now owns 7,980 shares of the cell phone carrier’s stock valued at $233,000 after buying an additional 175 shares in the last quarter. Middleton & Co Inc MA increased its stake in shares of Vodafone Group Plc by 2.1% in the third quarter. Middleton & Co Inc MA now owns 8,655 shares of the cell phone carrier’s stock valued at $252,000 after buying an additional 182 shares in the last quarter. Finally, Security National Trust Co. increased its stake in shares of Vodafone Group Plc by 4.9% in the third quarter. Security National Trust Co. now owns 4,195 shares of the cell phone carrier’s stock valued at $123,000 after buying an additional 195 shares in the last quarter. 9.59% of the stock is currently owned by institutional investors. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY WARNING: “Zacks: Analysts Expect Vodafone Group Plc (VOD) Will Announce Quarterly Sales of $0.00” was reported by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are accessing this report on another publication, it was copied illegally and republished in violation of U.S. & international copyright and trademark law. The original version of this report can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/09/zacks-analysts-expect-vodafone-group-plc-vod-will-announce-quarterly-sales-of-0-00.html. Vodafone Group Plc (NASDAQ:VOD) opened at 25.59 on Friday. Vodafone Group Plc has a 12 month low of $24.17 and a 12 month high of $34.70. The firm’s market capitalization is $71.43 billion. The stock’s 50 day moving average is $25.46 and its 200-day moving average is $26.43. About Vodafone Group Plc Vodafone Group Plc (Vodafone) is a telecommunications company. The Company’s business is organized into two geographic regions: Europe, and Africa, Middle East and Asia Pacific (AMAP). Its segments include Europe and AMAP. Its Europe segment includes geographic regions, such as Germany, Italy, the United Kingdom, Spain and Other Europe. Get a free copy of the Zacks research report on Vodafone Group Plc (VOD) For more information about research offerings from Zacks Investment Research, visit Zacks.com Receive News & Ratings for Vodafone Group Plc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Vodafone Group Plc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Government Wants to Know Trump Critic on Twitter Susan Rice Denies leaking Names of Officials in Intelligence Reports Senate Facing Showdown over Nomination of Neil Gorsuch Ex-Trump Advisor Michael Flynn Seeking Immunity Challenges on Rollback of Climate Policies to Come © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Clovis Oncology Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Clovis Oncology Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Apollo Education Group (APOL) Receives News Sentiment Rating of 0.48 Favorable Media Coverage Extremely Likely to Effect BroadSoft (BSFT) Stock Price Clovis Oncology (CLVS) Earning Favorable Media Coverage, Study Finds Caesars Acquisition Company (CACQ) Short Interest Down 4.4% in March Sprouts Farmers Market Inc (SFM) Short Interest Update Share Repurchase Plan Announced by Ross Stores (ROST) Board Share Buyback Plan Initiated by Chipotle Mexican Grill (CMG) Board Share Repurchase Plan Announced by Motorcar Parts of America (MPAA) Board of Directors Share Repurchase Program Initiated by Genpact Limited (G) Board Liberty Global plc – Class C (LBTYK) Initiates Stock Repurchase Plan General Dynamics (GD) to Buyback 10,000,000 Shares KLX (KLXI) to Buyback $100 million in Stock $110.05 Million in Sales Expected for Helix Energy Solutions Group Inc (HLX) This Quarter Chevy Chase Trust Holdings Inc. Raises Stake in Waste Management, Inc. (WM) Chevy Chase Trust Holdings Inc. Has $26,848,000 Position in Equinix, Inc. (EQIX) Chevy Chase Trust Holdings Inc. Has $27,966,000 Stake in Regeneron Pharmaceuticals Inc (REGN) Constellation Brands, Inc. (STZ) Position Increased by Chevy Chase Trust Holdings Inc. Charles Schwab Corp (SCHW) Stake Held by Rathbone Brothers plc Rathbone Brothers plc Continues to Hold Position in RPM International Inc. (RPM) Chevy Chase Trust Holdings Inc. Has $24,123,000 Stake in Laboratory Corp. of America Holdings (LH) Clovis Oncology (CLVS) Earning Favorable Media Coverage, Study Finds April 9th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Stacy Sanders Filed Under: Finance - News Sentiment Articles Tweet Headlines about Clovis Oncology (NASDAQ:CLVS) have trended positive this week, Alpha One reports. The research group, a unit of Accern, scores the sentiment of news coverage by reviewing more than 20 million blog and news sources in real-time. Alpha One ranks coverage of companies on a scale of negative one to one, with scores closest to one being the most favorable. Clovis Oncology earned a coverage optimism score of 0.44 on Alpha One’s scale. Alpha One also gave news articles about Clovis Oncology an impact score of 90 out of 100, indicating that recent news coverage is very likely to have an effect on the stock’s share price in the next several days. Shares of Clovis Oncology (NASDAQ:CLVS) opened at 55.46 on Friday. The company’s market capitalization is $2.47 billion. Clovis Oncology has a 52 week low of $11.57 and a 52 week high of $74.94. The firm’s 50-day moving average price is $63.34 and its 200 day moving average price is $45.12. Clovis Oncology (NASDAQ:CLVS) last announced its quarterly earnings results on Wednesday, February 22nd. The biopharmaceutical company reported ($1.83) earnings per share for the quarter, missing the consensus estimate of ($1.65) by $0.18. The business earned $0.08 million during the quarter. During the same quarter in the prior year, the company posted ($3.12) EPS. Equities analysts predict that Clovis Oncology will post ($5.31) EPS for the current year. A number of research firms recently commented on CLVS. Piper Jaffray Companies set a $43.00 target price on Clovis Oncology and gave the stock a “hold” rating in a research report on Tuesday, December 20th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. set a $49.00 target price on Clovis Oncology and gave the stock a “hold” rating in a research report on Tuesday, December 20th. WallachBeth Capital boosted their target price on Clovis Oncology from $22.00 to $49.00 and gave the stock a “hold” rating in a research report on Wednesday, December 21st. Chardan Capital upgraded Clovis Oncology from a “sell” rating to a “neutral” rating and boosted their target price for the stock from $15.00 to $36.00 in a research report on Tuesday, December 20th. Finally, Janney Montgomery Scott set a $38.00 target price on Clovis Oncology and gave the stock a “hold” rating in a research report on Tuesday, December 20th. One analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, six have issued a hold rating, six have assigned a buy rating and one has issued a strong buy rating to the company. The stock has a consensus rating of “Buy” and a consensus price target of $58.93. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION NOTICE: This report was published by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are accessing this report on another site, it was copied illegally and reposted in violation of United States & international copyright law. The correct version of this report can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/09/clovis-oncology-clvs-earning-favorable-media-coverage-study-finds.html. In other Clovis Oncology news, insider Gillian C. Ivers-Read sold 3,000 shares of the stock in a transaction dated Wednesday, March 15th. The stock was sold at an average price of $66.99, for a total transaction of $200,970.00. Following the sale, the insider now directly owns 209,583 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $14,039,965.17. The sale was disclosed in a legal filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is available through the SEC website. 17.40% of the stock is currently owned by company insiders. About Clovis Oncology Clovis Oncology, Inc is a biopharmaceutical company focused on acquiring, developing and commercializing anti-cancer agents in the United States, Europe and other international markets. The Company’s product candidates include Rociletinib, Rubraca (Rucaparib) and Lucitanib. Rucaparib is an oral, small molecule poly adenosine diphosphate (ADP)-ribose polymerase (PARP) inhibitor of PARP1, PARP2 and PARP3 approved as a monotherapy for the treatment of patients with deleterious breast cancer (BRCA) (human genes associated with the repair of damaged deoxyribonucleic acid (DNA)) mutation (germline and/or somatic) associated advanced ovarian cancer. Receive News & Ratings for Clovis Oncology Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Clovis Oncology Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Government Wants to Know Trump Critic on Twitter Susan Rice Denies leaking Names of Officials in Intelligence Reports Senate Facing Showdown over Nomination of Neil Gorsuch Ex-Trump Advisor Michael Flynn Seeking Immunity Challenges on Rollback of Climate Policies to Come © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Bloomberg the Company & Its ProductsBloomberg Anywhere Remote LoginBloomberg Anywhere LoginBloomberg Terminal Demo Request Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Philanthropy & Engagement Bloomberg London Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Execution & Order Management Data & Content Financial Data Management Integration & Distribution Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Philanthropy & Engagement Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Bloomberg London Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Advertising Bloomberg Media Distribution Bloomberg Live Conferences Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Execution & Order Management Data & Content Financial Data Management Integration & Distribution Bloomberg Tradebook Enterprise Products Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center MENU Homepage Markets Stocks Currencies Commodities Rates + Bonds Economics Magazine Benchmark Watchlist Economic Calendar Tech U.S. Global Startups Cybersecurity Digital Media Bloomberg Technology TV Hello World Studio 1.0 Pursuits Cars & Bikes Style & Grooming Spend Watches & Gadgets Food & Drinks Travel Real Estate Art & Design Brilliant Ideas Politics Global Risk Briefing How We’ll Know if Trump Is Making America Great Again Tracking Trump’s Web of Conflicts The Inauguration of Donald J. Trump On the March in Trump’s Capital Opinion View Gadfly Businessweek Subscribe Cover Stories Opening Remarks Etc Features 85th Anniversary Issue Behind The Cover More Science + Energy Graphics Billionaires Game Plan Small Business Personal Finance Live TV Inspire GO The David Rubenstein Show Sponsored Content Bloomberg About The Company Sign In Sign In Subscribe Photographer: Brent Lewin/Bloomberg Hong Kong Property Prices Are Near Their Peak: JPMorgan by Moxy Ying More stories by Moxy Ying April 9, 2017, 5:00 PM EDT Fixing stamp duty loophole to help reduce speculation Office landlord stocks, Cheung Kong Property mostly preferred Hong Kong housing prices are close to their peak and economically “unsustainable,” said Cusson Leung, managing director at J.P. Morgan Chase & Co.’s Asia Pacific equity research unit. Price increases in the world’s most expensive home market have outpaced Hong Kong’s gross domestic product growth “significantly” since 2009, and any external shocks could trigger tighter liquidity in the city’s banking system, increasing home buyers’ borrowing costs, Leung said in an interview. Hong Kong Homes Are World's Least Affordable “I won’t buy,” said Leung, who expects that new home prices will remain unchanged this year. “If the bubble bursts, buyers will not only lose their own money, they will also lose all of their parents’ money.” Buyers have been using all of their assets as well as leveraging parents’ existing homes as collateral to help make residential property deposits, he said. The resurgent housing market has posed a headache for Hong Kong’s leaders. After a short-lived dip, existing home prices have set new records in recent weeks. Still, the market isn’t immune to risk as the Federal Reserve has signaled it will continue on a path of interest-rate hikes this year. Read More: Hong Kong Existing Home Prices Rise to Record, Defying Curbs New property projects prices have also heated up, with Cheung Kong Property Holdings Ltd. last week offering 40-square-meter flats in east Hong Kong island for at least HK$10.3 million ($1.33 million), Apple Daily reported. The amount could buy a two-bedroom, inner-city Sydney apartment with a car park, according to rental aggregator Domain.com. Housing Policies Your cheat sheet on life, in one weekly email. Get our weekly Game Plan newsletter. Sign Up Despite efforts by Hong Kong Chief Executive Leung Chun-ying to curb the rally in home prices, investors have found ways to breach barriers. Qualifying as first-time buyers and buying multiple new flats on a single contract is an option wealthy purchasers have pursued, enabling them to skirt a measure that would increase stamp duty to 15 percent for existing property owners. The government is considering ways to plug the loophole, the Hong Kong Economic Journal reported last week. Closing ways to bypass measures would make the property market “less crazy,” while the government could increase supply by selling public flats under its rental housing program, Leung said. Other Comments Stamp duty Cutting a 15% stamp duty for non-first time buyers would eventually help reverse home-price gains as market may get more efficient Such a move, however, is “unlikely” as neither government nor individuals can afford a significant home price increase after removal of the tax  Sector investment strategy Short-term trading opportunities seen, with new property-project sales as catalyst  No long-term re-rating drivers seen Stock picks Office landlords preferred due to limited supply and enduring demand from Chinese companies Prefers Cheung Kong Property among developers, based on valuation and stock buybacks Retail property owners are least preferred NOTE: Leung’s stock picks generated a return of about 17% in the past year, outperforming peers by 6.12%: Bloomberg data Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal. LEARN MORE Most Read America’s Retailers Are Closing Stores Faster Than Ever Delta Delays Drag Into Fifth Day, Testing Passengers' Patience A Foreign Threat to U.S. Treasuries That Dwarfs Fed's Debt Hoard San Francisco Skyline Remade by Tallest West Coast Office Tower Here's What Trump's Syria Strike Did to Markets, as Impact Eases Terms of Service Trademarks Privacy Policy ©2017 Bloomberg L.P. All Rights Reserved Careers Made in NYC Advertise Ad Choices Website Feedback Help
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance The Medicines Company - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for The Medicines Company with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News The Medicines Company (MDCO) Given Daily Coverage Optimism Rating of 0.56 Very Favorable Media Coverage Somewhat Likely to Effect Navigators Group (NAVG) Share Price Bright Horizons Family Solutions (BFAM) Earns Daily Coverage Optimism Rating of 0.56 OraSure Technologies (OSUR) Receives Daily Media Impact Rating of 0.56 Integrated Investment Consultants LLC Holds Position in U.S. Bancorp (USB) Home Depot (HD) to Buyback $15 billion in Shares Hospitality Properties Trust (HPT) Shares Sold by Foundry Partners LLC Marten Transport, Ltd (MRTN) Shares Sold by Foundry Partners LLC Affiliated Managers Group (AMG) Board Initiates Stock Repurchase Plan GlaxoSmithKline plc (GSK) Stake Held by Integrated Investment Consultants LLC Sterling Construction Company, Inc. (STRL) Position Decreased by Foundry Partners LLC Hilltop Holdings (HTH) to Buyback $50 million in Outstanding Shares Integrated Investment Consultants LLC Has $119,000 Position in Equinix, Inc. (EQIX) Park National Corp OH Reduces Position in Navient Corp (NAVI) Park National Corp OH Continues to Hold Position in Humana Inc (HUM) Zacks: Analysts Expect Ingersoll-Rand PLC (IR) Will Announce Quarterly Sales of $2.92 Billion CyrusOne Inc (CONE) Expected to Announce Quarterly Sales of $150.63 Million Brokerages Anticipate Israel Chemicals Ltd. (ICL) Will Announce Quarterly Sales of $0.00 TriNet Group (TNET) Receives Daily News Impact Rating of 0.39 Highbridge Capital Management LLC Decreases Position in BJ's Restaurants, Inc. (BJRI) The Medicines Company (MDCO) Given Daily Coverage Optimism Rating of 0.56 April 9th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Stacy Sanders Filed Under: Finance - News Sentiment Articles Tweet Headlines about The Medicines Company (NASDAQ:MDCO) have been trending very positive this week, AlphaOne Sentiment Analysis reports. The research group, a subsidiary of Accern, scores the sentiment of press coverage by monitoring more than twenty million blog and news sources in real time. AlphaOne ranks coverage of companies on a scale of negative one to one, with scores nearest to one being the most favorable. The Medicines Company earned a media sentiment score of 0.56 on AlphaOne’s scale. AlphaOne also assigned media headlines about The Medicines Company an impact score of 92 out of 100, indicating that recent press coverage is extremely likely to have an impact on the company’s share price in the near term. Several research analysts have recently weighed in on MDCO shares. HC Wainwright reissued a “buy” rating and set a $60.00 price objective on shares of The Medicines Company in a report on Monday, March 20th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. reissued a “buy” rating on shares of The Medicines Company in a report on Saturday, March 18th. Jefferies Group LLC boosted their price objective on shares of The Medicines Company from $49.00 to $62.00 and gave the company a “positive” rating in a report on Wednesday, March 1st. Royal Bank of Canada reissued a “buy” rating on shares of The Medicines Company in a report on Wednesday, March 1st. Finally, Zacks Investment Research cut shares of The Medicines Company from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating in a report on Tuesday, January 10th. Two analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and nine have issued a buy rating to the company’s stock. The company presently has a consensus rating of “Buy” and a consensus price target of $53.50. Shares of The Medicines Company (NASDAQ:MDCO) opened at 51.87 on Friday. The Medicines Company has a one year low of $30.80 and a one year high of $55.28. The stock’s market capitalization is $3.66 billion. The firm’s 50-day moving average is $51.09 and its 200-day moving average is $39.92. In other news, CFO William Bernard O’connor sold 25,833 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction dated Tuesday, February 7th. The shares were sold at an average price of $46.20, for a total value of $1,193,484.60. Following the sale, the chief financial officer now directly owns 30,935 shares in the company, valued at approximately $1,429,197. The transaction was disclosed in a document filed with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which can be accessed through this link. 7.90% of the stock is currently owned by company insiders. TRADEMARK VIOLATION WARNING: This news story was originally posted by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are reading this news story on another domain, it was illegally copied and republished in violation of U.S. & international trademark and copyright law. The legal version of this news story can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/09/the-medicines-company-mdco-given-daily-coverage-optimism-rating-of-0-56.html. The Medicines Company Company Profile The Medicines Company is a global biopharmaceutical company. The Company’s marketed products include Angiomax (bivalirudin), Cleviprex (clevidipine) injectable emulsion, Ionsys (fentanyl iontophoretic transdermal system), Kengreal (cangrelor), Minocin (minocycline) for injection, and Orbactiv (oritavancin). Receive News & Ratings for The Medicines Company Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for The Medicines Company and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Government Wants to Know Trump Critic on Twitter Susan Rice Denies leaking Names of Officials in Intelligence Reports Senate Facing Showdown over Nomination of Neil Gorsuch Ex-Trump Advisor Michael Flynn Seeking Immunity Challenges on Rollback of Climate Policies to Come © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Synchronoss Technologies Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Synchronoss Technologies Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Cushing Energy Income Fund (SRF) Earns Daily Media Sentiment Rating of 0.27 Somewhat Favorable News Coverage Very Likely to Impact Synchronoss Technologies (SNCR) Share Price Inventure Foods (SNAK) Earning Somewhat Favorable Press Coverage, AlphaOne Reports Conn's (CONN) Given Coverage Optimism Rating of -0.02 Zacks: Iradimed Corp (IRMD) Given $10.25 Consensus Target Price by Analysts Somewhat Negative News Coverage Unlikely to Impact Ducommun (DCO) Stock Price Zacks: Analysts Expect Rexford Industrial Realty Inc (REXR) Will Announce Quarterly Sales of $35.09 Million Somewhat Favorable Press Coverage Very Likely to Effect SunTrust Banks (STI) Share Price Somewhat Positive Media Coverage Somewhat Likely to Impact SunCoke Energy Partners (SXCP) Share Price Somewhat Positive Press Coverage Somewhat Likely to Impact Teekay Tankers (TNK) Stock Price TCP Capital Corp (TCPC) Receives News Sentiment Score of 0.29 Titan Machinery (TITN) Receiving Somewhat Favorable News Coverage, Analysis Shows TransDigm Group (TDG) Earns Daily News Impact Score of 0.00 Analysts Set Emerge Energy Services LP (EMES) Target Price at $19.80 Somewhat Negative Media Coverage Likely to Effect Visteon Corp (VC) Share Price U.S. Energy Corp. (USEG) Receiving Favorable News Coverage, Study Shows Analysts Set Alkermes Plc (ALKS) PT at $64.40 Affiliated Managers Group, Inc. (AMG) Receives $162.00 Consensus Target Price from Analysts Spectrum Brands Holdings, Inc. (SPB) Receives $149.00 Average Target Price from Brokerages Somewhat Favorable Media Coverage Somewhat Likely to Effect Valley National Bancorp (VLY) Stock Price Somewhat Favorable News Coverage Very Likely to Impact Synchronoss Technologies (SNCR) Share Price April 8th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Patrick Bannon Filed Under: Finance - News Sentiment Articles Tweet News headlines about Synchronoss Technologies (NASDAQ:SNCR) have trended somewhat positive recently, according to Alpha One. Alpha One, a service of Accern, rates the sentiment of press coverage by analyzing more than twenty million blog and news sources. Alpha One ranks coverage of publicly-traded companies on a scale of -1 to 1, with scores closest to one being the most favorable. Synchronoss Technologies earned a daily sentiment score of 0.06 on Alpha One’s scale. Alpha One also assigned media stories about Synchronoss Technologies an impact score of 82 out of 100, indicating that recent press coverage is very likely to have an effect on the company’s share price in the near future. A number of equities research analysts have recently commented on SNCR shares. Zacks Investment Research cut Synchronoss Technologies from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating in a research report on Saturday, April 1st. Stifel Nicolaus dropped their target price on Synchronoss Technologies from $40.00 to $32.00 and set a “hold” rating on the stock in a research report on Thursday, February 9th. Deutsche Bank AG cut Synchronoss Technologies from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating and dropped their target price for the company from $50.00 to $35.00 in a research report on Thursday, February 9th. Wells Fargo & Co restated an “outperform” rating and set a $35.00 target price (down from $43.00) on shares of Synchronoss Technologies in a research report on Sunday, April 2nd. Finally, JPMorgan Chase & Co. started coverage on Synchronoss Technologies in a research report on Wednesday, January 25th. They set an “overweight” rating and a $65.00 target price on the stock. Three investment analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and five have issued a buy rating to the stock. The stock has an average rating of “Buy” and a consensus target price of $44.75. Synchronoss Technologies (NASDAQ:SNCR) traded up 0.46% during midday trading on Friday, reaching $24.00. The company had a trading volume of 708,191 shares. The firm’s 50 day moving average is $26.45 and its 200 day moving average is $36.98. The stock has a market capitalization of $1.06 billion, a PE ratio of 53.33 and a beta of 2.28. Synchronoss Technologies has a 1-year low of $23.05 and a 1-year high of $49.94. Synchronoss Technologies (NASDAQ:SNCR) last announced its earnings results on Wednesday, February 8th. The company reported $0.24 EPS for the quarter, missing analysts’ consensus estimates of $0.26 by $0.02. Synchronoss Technologies had a net margin of 3.38% and a return on equity of 11.20%. The business earned $147.80 million during the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $149.11 million. During the same period in the previous year, the company posted $0.61 earnings per share. Synchronoss Technologies’s quarterly revenue was down 6.3% on a year-over-year basis. On average, equities analysts anticipate that Synchronoss Technologies will post $2.55 EPS for the current fiscal year. In other news, EVP David Schuette sold 1,081 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction dated Monday, March 20th. The shares were sold at an average price of $26.25, for a total value of $28,376.25. Following the completion of the sale, the executive vice president now directly owns 49,093 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $1,288,691.25. The sale was disclosed in a filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is available through this link. Also, Director Donnie Moore sold 5,500 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction dated Thursday, January 12th. The shares were sold at an average price of $38.19, for a total transaction of $210,045.00. Following the completion of the sale, the director now directly owns 29,092 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $1,111,023.48. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Insiders sold 57,563 shares of company stock valued at $2,120,573 over the last ninety days. Corporate insiders own 11.00% of the company’s stock. TRADEMARK VIOLATION NOTICE: “Somewhat Favorable News Coverage Very Likely to Impact Synchronoss Technologies (SNCR) Share Price” was originally reported by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are viewing this news story on another site, it was copied illegally and republished in violation of international trademark & copyright laws. The legal version of this news story can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/08/somewhat-favorable-news-coverage-very-likely-to-impact-synchronoss-technologies-sncr-share-price.html. Synchronoss Technologies Company Profile Synchronoss Technologies, Inc is a global software and services company, which provides technologies and services for the mobile transformation of business. The Company’s portfolio in the Consumer and Enterprise markets contains offerings, such as personal cloud, secure-mobility, identity management and scalable messaging platforms, products and solutions. Receive News & Ratings for Synchronoss Technologies Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Synchronoss Technologies Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Government Wants to Know Trump Critic on Twitter Susan Rice Denies leaking Names of Officials in Intelligence Reports Senate Facing Showdown over Nomination of Neil Gorsuch Ex-Trump Advisor Michael Flynn Seeking Immunity Challenges on Rollback of Climate Policies to Come © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Bloomberg the Company & Its ProductsBloomberg Anywhere Remote LoginBloomberg Anywhere LoginBloomberg Terminal Demo Request Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Philanthropy & Engagement Bloomberg London Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Execution & Order Management Data & Content Financial Data Management Integration & Distribution Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Philanthropy & Engagement Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Bloomberg London Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Advertising Bloomberg Media Distribution Bloomberg Live Conferences Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Execution & Order Management Data & Content Financial Data Management Integration & Distribution Bloomberg Tradebook Enterprise Products Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center MENU Homepage Markets Stocks Currencies Commodities Rates + Bonds Economics Magazine Benchmark Watchlist Economic Calendar Tech U.S. Global Startups Cybersecurity Digital Media Bloomberg Technology TV Hello World Studio 1.0 Pursuits Cars & Bikes Style & Grooming Spend Watches & Gadgets Food & Drinks Travel Real Estate Art & Design Brilliant Ideas Politics Global Risk Briefing How We’ll Know if Trump Is Making America Great Again Tracking Trump’s Web of Conflicts The Inauguration of Donald J. Trump On the March in Trump’s Capital Opinion View Gadfly Businessweek Subscribe Cover Stories Opening Remarks Etc Features 85th Anniversary Issue Behind The Cover More Science + Energy Graphics Billionaires Game Plan Small Business Personal Finance Live TV Inspire GO The David Rubenstein Show Sponsored Content Bloomberg About The Company Sign In Sign In Subscribe Hot Spots in Emerging Markets This Week: South Africa, Russia by Filipe Pacheco @filipepacheco More stories by Filipe Pacheco April 9, 2017, 11:00 AM EDT Faceoff in Syria threatens to spark outflows from ruble assets Explosions in Egyptian Churches shatter calm on Palm Sunday South African bonds will trade Monday carrying junk grades from two ratings agencies for the first time since 2000, while Russian assets may come under pressure as tension between President Vladimir Putin’s government and the U.S. escalates after an American missile attack in Syria. Meanwhile, Turkey’s bonds and the lira will be in the spotlight as voters prepare to decide in an April 16 referendum on whether to give President Recep Tayyip Erdogan broader executive powers. RUSSIA Russian assets will continue to weaken over worries about rising tension with the U.S., says Timothy Ash, a senior strategist at Bluebay Asset Management. The ruble was the worst performer among 31 major currencies tracked by Bloomberg on Friday, falling 1.5 percent, while the country’s credit-default swaps jumped the most in the world. The most important market news of the day. Get our markets daily newsletter. Sign Up Putin has slammed the U.S. attacks in Syria as an “act of aggression,” dispelling hopes for improved ties between the two nations. U.K. Foreign Secretary Boris Johnson on Saturday canceled a trip to Moscow for high-level meetings scheduled for Monday after coordinating with the U.S., saying he would meet instead with his Group of Seven peers in Italy to discuss the Syrian crisis and “Russia’s support for Assad.” SOUTH AFRICA The rand fell for a second straight week after Fitch Ratings dealt a fresh blow to South Africa on Friday when it cut the nation’s debt to below investment grade, following a similar move by S&P Global Ratings. JPMorgan Chase & Co. said it would remove South Africa from gauges tracked by $59 billion of funds. The currency ended the day little changed, leaving it 9.6 percent weaker over the past two weeks, more than any other major currency in the world. President Jacob Zuma has plunged the nation into a political crisis since firing Finance Minister Pravin Gordhan in a cabinet purge March 31. “In light of the junk status, we will need to revise expenditure patterns as a government,” African National Congress Economic Committee Chairman Enoch Godongwana told reporters in Johannesburg on Sunday. TURKEY Turks on Sunday will vote on a proposal to reshape the nation’s democracy by abolishing the post of prime minister and handing President Erdogan sweeping executive powers. The lira’s one-month implied volatility rose last week to the highest level since January. Read More: Investors Just Want Turkey’s Referendum Done With: Scenarios Meanwhile, the U.S. attack in Syria aligned Trump with Turkish policies on the civil war in the Levant nation. Turkey has been a steadfast proponent of targeting President Bashar al-Assad’s regime. VENEZUELA The country’s state-controlled oil-producer, known as PDVSA, is scheduled to pay $2.1 billion in debt this week. The company has informed investors that all principal and interest related to its bond maturing this month will be paid on April 12, it said in an e-mailed statement. The bonds surged last week. Read More: PDVSA to Make $2.1 Billion Payment That Spurred Bets on Default EGYPT The country’s EGX 30 Index of stocks fell Sunday by the most since Feb. 27 after an explosion tore through a church in the Nile Delta city of Tanta, killing at least 21 people. It was followed by another attack in Alexandria that left at least 13 dead. The blasts underscore the challenges confronting President Abdel-Fattah El-Sisi as his government tries to attract international investors to an economy battered by years of unrest. The IMF said last week it’s working with Egyptian authorities to help control inflation that surged past 30 percent in February. Read More Dozens Killed in Two Egyptian Church Bombings on Palm Sunday Trump’s Syria Missile Strike Ramps Up Tensions With Moscow Why South Africans Are Losing Faith in Zuma and ANC: QuickTake Turkey Debt No Longer No-Go Zone as 11% Yield May Cushion Risks Venezuela Steps Up Harassment of Opponents as Protests Rise Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal. LEARN MORE Most Read America’s Retailers Are Closing Stores Faster Than Ever Delta Delays Drag Into Fifth Day, Testing Passengers' Patience A Foreign Threat to U.S. Treasuries That Dwarfs Fed's Debt Hoard San Francisco Skyline Remade by Tallest West Coast Office Tower Here's What Trump's Syria Strike Did to Markets, as Impact Eases Terms of Service Trademarks Privacy Policy ©2017 Bloomberg L.P. All Rights Reserved Careers Made in NYC Advertise Ad Choices Website Feedback Help
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Selecta Biosciences Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Selecta Biosciences Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Zacks: Brokerages Set $13.25 Target Price for Fulgent Genetics Inc (FLGT) Selecta Biosciences Inc (SELB) Given Consensus Recommendation of “Strong Buy” by Brokerages Kemper Corp (KMPR) Earns Media Impact Rating of 0.31 Hub Group (HUBG) Receives Media Impact Score of 0.31 Positive Media Coverage Somewhat Likely to Impact Liberty Global plc – Class A (LBTYA) Stock Price Life Storage Inc (LSI) Given Average Rating of “Hold” by Analysts Analysts Set $23.00 Price Target for Northwest Pipe Company (NWPX) Leucrotta Exploration Inc (LXE) Given Consensus Rating of “Buy” by Analysts Somewhat Favorable Media Coverage Somewhat Likely to Effect Phoenix New Media (FENG) Stock Price Fort Dearbornome Securities (FDI) Receives Daily News Sentiment Rating of 0.31 Clifton Bancorp (CSBK) Given Daily Media Sentiment Rating of 0.17 Direxion Shares Exchange Traded Fund Trust Target of Unusually Large Options Trading (JNUG) Analysts Set Halcon Resources Co. (HK) Price Target at $11.00 Somewhat Critical News Coverage Unlikely to Effect Frontline (FRO) Stock Price Fortune Brands Home & Security Inc (FBHS) Receives Consensus Recommendation of “Buy” from Analysts Positive Media Coverage Somewhat Likely to Effect Stag Industrial (STAG) Stock Price Science Applications International Corp (SAIC) Getting Somewhat Favorable Media Coverage, Study Shows Raven Industries (RAVN) Receiving Positive Press Coverage, Report Shows Extreme Networks, Inc (EXTR) Receives Average Recommendation of “Buy” from Brokerages SkyWest, Inc. (SKYW) Given Average Rating of “Buy” by Brokerages Selecta Biosciences Inc (SELB) Given Consensus Recommendation of “Strong Buy” by Brokerages April 9th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Trevor Kearing Filed Under: Finance - Zacks Consensus Ratings Tweet Shares of Selecta Biosciences Inc (NASDAQ:SELB) have earned an average broker rating score of 1.33 (Strong Buy) from the three brokers that provide coverage for the stock, Zacks Investment Research reports. One equities research analyst has rated the stock with a buy recommendation and two have issued a strong buy recommendation on the company. Analysts have set a 1-year consensus target price of $26.67 for the company, according to Zacks. Zacks has also assigned Selecta Biosciences an industry rank of 119 out of 265 based on the ratings given to related companies. SELB has been the topic of a number of research reports. Zacks Investment Research downgraded Selecta Biosciences from a “hold” rating to a “sell” rating in a report on Saturday. Needham & Company LLC restated a “buy” rating and issued a $28.00 price objective on shares of Selecta Biosciences in a report on Tuesday, March 28th. TRADEMARK VIOLATION NOTICE: “Selecta Biosciences Inc (SELB) Given Consensus Recommendation of “Strong Buy” by Brokerages” was originally reported by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are accessing this news story on another website, it was copied illegally and reposted in violation of United States and international trademark & copyright law. The original version of this news story can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/09/selecta-biosciences-inc-selb-given-consensus-recommendation-of-strong-buy-by-brokerages.html. Selecta Biosciences (NASDAQ:SELB) traded up 1.46% during mid-day trading on Tuesday, hitting $13.94. The stock had a trading volume of 32,987 shares. Selecta Biosciences has a 12 month low of $10.26 and a 12 month high of $28.00. The firm’s 50-day moving average is $13.31 and its 200 day moving average is $16.50. Selecta Biosciences (NASDAQ:SELB) last announced its quarterly earnings results on Monday, March 27th. The company reported ($0.77) earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, missing analysts’ consensus estimates of ($0.25) by $0.52. Analysts forecast that Selecta Biosciences will post ($2.04) earnings per share for the current fiscal year. Large investors have recently added to or reduced their stakes in the company. JPMorgan Chase & Co. boosted its stake in Selecta Biosciences by 2.2% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 307,893 shares of the company’s stock valued at $4,387,000 after buying an additional 6,593 shares in the last quarter. Sphera Funds Management LTD. bought a new stake in Selecta Biosciences during the third quarter valued at about $3,989,000. Baker BROS. Advisors LP acquired a new position in shares of Selecta Biosciences during the third quarter worth $2,550,000. State Street Corp acquired a new position in shares of Selecta Biosciences during the fourth quarter worth $1,195,000. Finally, Deerfield Management Co. acquired a new position in shares of Selecta Biosciences during the fourth quarter worth $14,632,000. 41.74% of the stock is currently owned by institutional investors and hedge funds. About Selecta Biosciences Selecta Biosciences, Inc is a clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company. The Company using its synthetic vaccine particle (SVP) technology to discover and develop targeted therapies that are designed to modulate the immune system to treat rare and serious diseases. The Company is engaged in the research and development of nanoparticle immunomodulatory drugs for the treatment and prevention of human diseases. Get a free copy of the Zacks research report on Selecta Biosciences (SELB) For more information about research offerings from Zacks Investment Research, visit Zacks.com Receive News & Ratings for Selecta Biosciences Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Selecta Biosciences Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Government Wants to Know Trump Critic on Twitter Susan Rice Denies leaking Names of Officials in Intelligence Reports Senate Facing Showdown over Nomination of Neil Gorsuch Ex-Trump Advisor Michael Flynn Seeking Immunity Challenges on Rollback of Climate Policies to Come © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Vereit Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Vereit Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Vereit (VER) Getting Somewhat Favorable Press Coverage, Study Shows Stock Traders Buy Large Volume of Put Options on ArcelorMittal SA (MT) MBIA Target of Unusually Large Options Trading (MBI) Molina Healthcare, Inc. (MOH) Expected to Post Earnings of $0.58 Per Share SeaChange International (SEAC) Set to Announce Quarterly Earnings on Monday Bryn Mawr Bank Corp. (BMTC) Expected to Announce Earnings of $0.56 Per Share Analysts Expect DIALOG SEMICONDUCT GBP0.10 (DLGNF) to Post $0.46 EPS Somewhat Favorable Media Coverage Very Likely to Effect Ameriprise Financial (AMP) Stock Price DISH Network Corp (DISH) Receives Daily Media Sentiment Score of -0.01 Teekay LNG Partners L.P. (TGP) Given News Sentiment Score of 0.28 Maxim Integrated Products (MXIM) Given Daily News Impact Score of 0.10 Allot Communications (ALLT) Earning Somewhat Positive Media Coverage, AlphaOne Reports Somewhat Favorable News Coverage Very Likely to Effect Cal-Maine Foods (CALM) Stock Price Cinemark Holdings, Inc. (CNK) Expected to Announce Earnings of $0.53 Per Share Zacks: Brokerages Anticipate UMB Financial Corp (UMBF) to Post $0.84 Earnings Per Share Zacks: Analysts Anticipate Evogene Ltd (EVGN) Will Post Earnings of -$0.18 Per Share Analysts Anticipate Patterson Companies, Inc. (PDCO) Will Announce Earnings of $0.65 Per Share American Superconductor Co. (AMSC) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by HC Wainwright A Schulman (SHLM) Receives Media Sentiment Rating of -0.12 Somewhat Critical Press Coverage Unlikely to Effect MDC Partners (MDCA) Stock Price Vereit (VER) Getting Somewhat Favorable Press Coverage, Study Shows April 9th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Patrick Bannon Filed Under: Finance - News Sentiment Articles Tweet Media coverage about Vereit (NYSE:VER) has been trending somewhat positive on Sunday, Alpha One Sentiment reports. Alpha One, a division of Accern, rates the sentiment of press coverage by reviewing more than twenty million news and blog sources in real-time. Alpha One ranks coverage of companies on a scale of -1 to 1, with scores closest to one being the most favorable. Vereit earned a news impact score of 0.07 on Alpha One’s scale. Alpha One also assigned news stories about the company an impact score of 0 out of 100, indicating that recent press coverage is extremely unlikely to have an impact on the company’s share price in the next few days. Here are some of the media headlines that may have effected AlphaOne’s rankings: Vereit Inc (VER) Expected to Post Quarterly Sales of $306.49 Million (americanbankingnews.com) VEREIT, Inc. (VER) Is Making A Strong Argument Through Its Technicals – NY Stock News (nystocknews.com) Featured Stock to Focus: Kimco Realty Corporation (KIM) (hoyentv.com) Zacks: Analysts Expect Vereit Inc (VER) to Announce $0.18 Earnings Per Share (americanbankingnews.com) Illegal migration at U.S. border at lowest point in 17 years: Kelly (emfizz.com) A number of equities research analysts have issued reports on VER shares. BMO Capital Markets set a $10.00 target price on shares of Vereit and gave the stock a “buy” rating in a report on Thursday, January 12th. Zacks Investment Research lowered shares of Vereit from a “buy” rating to a “sell” rating in a report on Saturday, February 25th. JMP Securities upgraded shares of Vereit from a “market perform” rating to an “outperform” rating in a report on Monday, January 9th. Finally, JPMorgan Chase & Co. raised shares of Vereit from a “neutral” rating to an “overweight” rating and set a $11.00 price objective on the stock in a research report on Friday, December 16th. Two analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, three have assigned a hold rating and four have given a buy rating to the company’s stock. The company currently has an average rating of “Hold” and a consensus target price of $10.00. Shares of Vereit (NYSE:VER) traded up 0.35% during midday trading on Friday, hitting $8.69. 5,485,906 shares of the company’s stock were exchanged. The stock’s market cap is $8.46 billion. The stock’s 50 day moving average is $8.65 and its 200-day moving average is $8.95. Vereit has a 1-year low of $7.99 and a 1-year high of $11.09. Vereit (NYSE:VER) last posted its quarterly earnings data on Thursday, February 23rd. The company reported $0.17 earnings per share for the quarter, beating the consensus estimate of ($0.01) by $0.18. Vereit had a negative return on equity of 3.12% and a negative net margin of 18.02%. The company earned $351.87 million during the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $309.69 million. During the same period in the prior year, the business earned $0.20 earnings per share. Vereit’s revenue for the quarter was down 8.2% compared to the same quarter last year. Analysts predict that Vereit will post $0.03 earnings per share for the current fiscal year. The firm also recently disclosed a dividend, which will be paid on Monday, April 17th. Stockholders of record on Friday, March 31st will be given a $0.138 dividend. This is a boost from Vereit’s previous dividend of $0.08. The ex-dividend date is Wednesday, March 29th. Vereit’s dividend payout ratio is currently -141.02%. TRADEMARK VIOLATION NOTICE: This article was originally reported by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are reading this article on another publication, it was illegally copied and reposted in violation of U.S. & international trademark & copyright law. The correct version of this article can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/09/vereit-ver-getting-somewhat-favorable-press-coverage-study-shows.html. About Vereit VEREIT, Inc is a full-service real estate operating company. The Company operates through two business segments: real estate investment (REI) segment and investment management segment, Cole Capital. As of December 31, 2016, through its REI segment, the Company owned and managed a portfolio of 4,142 retail, restaurant, office and industrial real estate properties with an aggregate of 93.3 million square feet, which are located in 49 states, Puerto Rico and Canada. Receive News & Ratings for Vereit Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Vereit Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Government Wants to Know Trump Critic on Twitter Susan Rice Denies leaking Names of Officials in Intelligence Reports Senate Facing Showdown over Nomination of Neil Gorsuch Ex-Trump Advisor Michael Flynn Seeking Immunity Challenges on Rollback of Climate Policies to Come © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Press Esc to close Monday 10 April 2017 News updated at 12:32 PM IST  Home   News   District   City   Point Blank - Bengaluru   State   National   International   Business   DH Wheels   Supplements   Sunday   Sportscene   Sunday Herald   Travel   Articulations   Books   Art & Culture   Entertainment   Monday   Cyber Space   Family Finance   Economy & Business   Art Review   Metrolife   Tuesday   Spectrum   Science & Technology   Environment   Wednesday   Metrolife   Thursday   Metrolife   DH Education   Friday   Homes & Interiors   Metrolife   Saturday   Movie Review   She   Living   Metrolife   IPL   Sports   Entertainment   Videos   Opinion   Edits   First Edit   Second Edit   Main Article   In Perspective   Right in the Middle   Columns   Oasis   Analysis   Panorama   Special Features   Sunday Spotlight   Kitchen   Recipe   ePaper   Archives    SC rejects PIL to declare Indus Waters Treaty unconstitutional      Oppn protests BJP leader Tarun Vijay's remarks, disrupts LS      Cong forces two adjournments of RS      PDP's Anantnag candidate urges EC to defer by-poll to seat      R K Nagar bypoll: Chidambaram takes dig at PM's demonetisation drive      Alleged EVM tampering: Oppn parties to meet EC      China offers cash rewards to public against foreign espionage      HC denies bail to LIC agent in PMLA case involving Virbhadra      UP govt starts work on 6 AIIMS, 25 new medical colleges      Infiltration bid foiled in Kashmir; 4 militants killed      Flag march by RAF-CRPF, social media blocked for 48 hours in Bhadrak      EC may cancel bypoll to R K Nagar Assembly seat in Tamil Nadu      'Govt to ensure minimum Rs 1 cr compensation to CAPFs martyrs'      Will behead traitors who oppose Ram temple in Ayodhya: BJP MLA      UP Guv, deputy CM raise pitch for 'Vande Mataram'      Warner, Rashid star performers as Sunrisers wallop Lions      Warner, Rashid star performers as Sunrisers wallop Lions      Warner leads Sunrisers to nine wicket win      Over 200 vehicles gutted in fire at parking area in Chhattisgarh      Ramkumar wins but Prajnesh bites dust, India win 4-1      AI pilot turns up drunk for flight, grounded for three months      FM gets President's pat for finishing Budget process by Mar 31      United in Grief: Pant shows steely resolve like Sachin, Virat      United in Grief: Pant shows steely resolve like Sachin, Virat      Chennai's busy road Annai Salai caves-in      Bhagwat condemns violence by cow protection groups      IT dept issues summons to Tamil Nadu Minister Vijayabhaskar      Sunrisers elect to field, Gujarat Lions make two changes      Young Rashid tames Gujarat Lions, restricted to 135/7      Woman decapitated before Kali idol      Indian, Chinese navies rescue merchant ship in Gulf of Aden      Lewis Hamilton coasts to fifth title at Chinese Grand Prix      Hasina 'selling' Bangladesh to India to stay in power: Zia      45 dead, 119 injured in ISIS blasts at Egypt's Coptic churches      19-yr-old youth stripped, beaten over affair with girl; 4 held      PM Modi to be BJP's face for Gujarat elections      TV anchor puts up brave face,reads out news on husband's death      SC absolves doctor of medical negliegence charge after 20 yrs      Global nuclear giants go bust, should India celebrate?      US navy strike group heads toward Korean peninsula      Uttering talaq thrice does not amount to divorce: Salma Ansari      MP bypolls: Cong alleges firing at Ater candidate      People sending demonetised notes abroad by courier: Customs      8 killed, scores wounded during Srinagar LS by-poll      No deadline for introduction of Sharia banking in India: RBI      Maxwell fires KXIP to six-wicket win over Pune Supergiant      Maxwell leads Kings XI Punjab to thumping win      Surabhi says she never expected national award      Virat and I still good friends: Warner      Virat and I still good friends: Warner      Shocked to see Vinod Khanna looking so frail: Irrfan Khan      Captain Smith's unbeaten knock helps Pune beat Mumbai      Rising Pune Supergiant elect to field against Mumbai Indians      Rising Pune Supergiant elect to field against Mumbai Indians      Dominant Sunrisers outclass RCB by 35 runs in IPL opener      Dominant Sunrisers outclass RCB by 35 runs in IPL opener      'Smoking causes over 11% deaths; India among top 4 countries'      Prince who charmed wildlife lovers dead      Black teen wins essay contest on topic of white privilege      Ace Hindustani classical vocalist Kishori Amonkar no more      Twitter drops egg icon in battle with internet 'trolls'     You are here: Home » Supplements » Cyber Space » Online ad industry sees transformation Online ad industry sees transformation Farhad Manjoo, April 10, 2017, International New York Times Through profiling, instead of buying advertisements tied to a certain piece of content, companies can buy ads targeted exactly to an audience. Digital ads are easy to hate. Sure, they support much of today’s media and technology business. They give us social networks and search engines and — oh, for the love of Pete, can you just let me watch my video already? Why are you making me sit through 30 seconds of some guy trying to sell me boat insurance? What I’m saying is, people tend to fly off the handle when they contemplate the modern advertising industry. This irrationality makes it difficult to talk soberly about what’s really going on when the business of ads makes the news. It’s especially difficult to take the nuanced position when you’re talking about ‘programmatic ads’ — ads that are purchased and placed according to algorithms that determine their relevance to you and that sometimes appear to follow you across your digital meanderings. These ads have lately come under fire. The Wall Street Journal found that YouTube’s advertising engine was placing ads from large brands on racist videos. In response, several large advertisers pulled their ads. Meanwhile, an experiment by JPMorgan Chase called into question the effectiveness of programmatic ads. The company significantly reduced the number of ads it shows, but didn’t see a decline in response from users. But let’s take a deep breath before condemning programmatic ads. On the one hand, there are some clear problems with how programmatic ads are placed. The industry is rife with complexity. This type of advertising is also quite new, so a lot of the machinery that runs the ad market is still in the works. But these problems are also fixable and should not obscure a larger truth: Even though they are far from perfect, in many ways programmatic ads are creating a more efficient advertising market. And given that advertising pays for nearly the entirety of what we see and do online, the upside of all the hand-wringing is that we are now examining how all of that money gets spent — a process that should lead to better ads, and better media, too. To understand what’s at stake in the ad industry’s shift toward programmatic ads, we need to first traipse through a brief history of media and advertising. Once upon a time the ad business was dominated by size. Big companies with lots of money needed a way to convince people to buy their stuff. Luckily the people were easy to find: They were all watching or reading one of a handful of media offerings — three TV networks, some big glossy magazines and one or two newspapers in every town. So it was all pretty simple. The companies paid men in Manhattan to come up with catchy songs to get people to buy soda and soap and razor blades. The men got to drink martinis at work, so few had any reason to complain. But glamorous as it was, the ad business wasn’t the best deal for the companies that were paying for the ads. The central problem was the conflation of audience and media outlet: When it ran an ad for razors, Gillette would have preferred to show the spot just to men who shaved regularly. But you couldn’t target men who shaved regularly. “It wasn’t possible for us to be certain that we were reaching that audience, so we used the content of certain programming to define that audience,” said Brian Lesser, the chief executive of GroupM, a division of the advertising giant WPP. In other words, instead of targeting men, they’d run ads on shows they thought men liked to watch — a good enough solution, except for all the women and non-shavers who were also watching. Digital advertising fundamentally altered this model. Through profiling, now ad companies know — or, at least, aim to know — exactly who is reading a certain site or watching a certain video. So instead of buying ads tied to a certain piece of content, companies can buy ads targeted exactly to an audience. “Now we can get down to the level of an individual user and we can be certain that we’re targeting an ad to the same user across multiple devices,” Lesser said. But it’s deeper than that. Ad companies don’t just know the user, but they also know the user’s context — for instance, whether you’re at work or at home, or whether you’re in the mood for shopping or not. All of this comes together in a real-time calculation as you wander around the digital world, from app to website to social feed. The computers are watching what you do and deciding which ads to serve you when. Often the ads are sold dynamically in an auction — different companies offer to pay different amounts to get your attention at different times. There are some obvious downsides to this model. It relies on the profiling of users, which makes many people uncomfortable, even if the ad companies say that they do all of this anonymously and without invading your privacy. It also raises an issue for brands. One consequence of this model is that it pays for a lot of content that wouldn’t have been funded under the old model — now a teenager can attract a few million followers on YouTube, sign up for the company’s revenue-sharing programme and make money from all of the programmatic sponsors. That’s a mixed blessing. It turns out there’s a lot of crazy stuff on the Internet. Some of it is popular, even if it’s racist or otherwise objectionable. So suddenly a whole bunch of brands may be funding content that, in the old days of human-powered ad buying, they’d never in a million years have ventured anywhere near. The best way to think of this is as a supply-chain problem. Big, complicated industries that sell commodity goods often get tripped up on sourcing: you don’t know who made your clothes, whether your diamonds are funding war or whether your shrimp may be complicit in slavery. The way to solve these externalities is through investigation and better documentation — to follow the money deep in the supply chain, to figure out who’s ultimately getting it. Something like that is now happening in the programmatic ad industry. It’s rare to talk to someone in advertising who will tell you that things are working perfectly. They admit that there are holes in the system: Computers aren’t yet great at figuring out what’s racist and what’s not, or what’s fake news and what isn’t. But they’re getting better, and the more activists push platforms like YouTube on this issue, the more incentive the platforms have to keep improving things. “The nature of the Internet is that it is fragmented,” said Ari Paparo, the chief executive of Beeswax, an advertising technology company. “You can’t buy over martinis everywhere you want to reach those customers. It just doesn’t work that way. There’s no amount of wishing that’s going to make the old days come back.” Email this page Print this page Tweet Go to Top Videos Anti-Pak protests break out across Afghanistan Mysore introduces public toilets for transgender CRPF dog 'Cracker' killed in IED blast,... No question of apologising to Air India:... Subscribe - Deccan Herald's YouTube channel more videos Most popular stories now Commented Emailed Viewed 1.If we were racist, why would we have entire south: BJP's Tarun Vijay 2.Police stops church event after Adityanath's HYV alleges conversion 3.MPs can't fulfil duties if there is ban on flying: Mahajan 4.Getting H-1B visa gets harder now 5.Will behead traitors who oppose Ram temple in Ayodhya: BJP MLA 1.Now, link Aadhaar with PAN through ID proof scan, OTP 2.People sending demonetised notes abroad by courier: Customs 3.Retracing the history of Chamarajpet 4.It's curtains for Kapali theatre; to make way for a multiplex 5.No deadline for introduction of Sharia banking in India: RBI 1. Bengaluru girl gets 1st rank in International English Olympiad 2. TV anchor puts up brave face,reads out news on husband's death 3. 8 killed, scores wounded during Srinagar LS by-poll 4. Faster train between Mangaluru and Bengaluru flagged off 5. It's curtains for Kapali theatre; to make way for a multiplex Photo Gallery A Buddha statue is pictured in Tawang in the northeastern state of Arunachal Pradesh, India... A car and a Metropolitian Transport Corporation (MTC) bus sink into a huge crater formed after... The old entrance gate of the Lodhi Gardens in central Delhi on its 81st anniversary on Sunday... Sunrisers Hyderabad players celebrate the dismissal of a Gujarat Lions batsman during their IPL... Voters in a long queue to cast their votes during Lok Sabha elections,at a polling booth... Demonstrators hold placards as they sit next to a mural during a protest against rape incidents... LGBT community members and supporters dance during their Queer Pride March in Lucknow on Sunday... President Pranab Mukherjee with Sheikh Hasina, Prime Minister of Bangladesh at Rashtrapati Bhavan... India's Prajnesh Guneshwaran and Temur Ismaitov of Uzbekistan greets each others soon after... Actor Prabhas with actresses Tamannah Bhatia and Anushka at a press conference to formally launch... more Like us on Facebook About Us | News | Business | Sports | Supplements | Contact Us | Privacy Policy Copyright 2017, The Printers (Mysore) Private Ltd., 75, M.G Road, Post Box 5331, Bengaluru - 560001 Tel: +91 (80) 25880000 Fax No. +91 (80) 25880523
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance DIALOG SEMICONDUCT GBP0.10 - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for DIALOG SEMICONDUCT GBP0.10 with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Bryn Mawr Bank Corp. (BMTC) Expected to Announce Earnings of $0.56 Per Share Analysts Expect DIALOG SEMICONDUCT GBP0.10 (DLGNF) to Post $0.46 EPS Somewhat Favorable Media Coverage Very Likely to Effect Ameriprise Financial (AMP) Stock Price DISH Network Corp (DISH) Receives Daily Media Sentiment Score of -0.01 Teekay LNG Partners L.P. (TGP) Given News Sentiment Score of 0.28 Maxim Integrated Products (MXIM) Given Daily News Impact Score of 0.10 Allot Communications (ALLT) Earning Somewhat Positive Media Coverage, AlphaOne Reports Somewhat Favorable News Coverage Very Likely to Effect Cal-Maine Foods (CALM) Stock Price Cinemark Holdings, Inc. (CNK) Expected to Announce Earnings of $0.53 Per Share Zacks: Brokerages Anticipate UMB Financial Corp (UMBF) to Post $0.84 Earnings Per Share Zacks: Analysts Anticipate Evogene Ltd (EVGN) Will Post Earnings of -$0.18 Per Share Analysts Anticipate Patterson Companies, Inc. (PDCO) Will Announce Earnings of $0.65 Per Share American Superconductor Co. (AMSC) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by HC Wainwright A Schulman (SHLM) Receives Media Sentiment Rating of -0.12 Somewhat Critical Press Coverage Unlikely to Effect MDC Partners (MDCA) Stock Price Teledyne Technologies (TDY) Getting Somewhat Negative Press Coverage, AlphaOne Reports Trust Co. of Oklahoma Has $1,289,000 Position in Mondelez International Inc (MDLZ) Douglass Winthrop Advisors LLC Purchases 400 Shares of FedEx Co. (FDX) Becton Dickinson and Co (BDX) Shares Bought by Douglass Winthrop Advisors LLC Creative Planning Sells 943 Shares of Stanley Black & Decker, Inc. (SWK) Analysts Expect DIALOG SEMICONDUCT GBP0.10 (DLGNF) to Post $0.46 EPS April 9th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Tyrone Williams Filed Under: Finance - Zacks Consensus Ratings Tweet Shares of DIALOG SEMICONDUCT GBP0.10 (NASDAQ:DLGNF) have been assigned a consensus broker rating score of 2.00 (Buy) from the two brokers that provide coverage for the stock, Zacks Investment Research reports. One analyst has rated the stock with a hold rating and one has given a strong buy rating to the company. DIALOG SEMICONDUCT GBP0.10’s rating score has declined by 100% in the last three months as a result of various analysts’ upgrades and downgrades. Zacks has also assigned DIALOG SEMICONDUCT GBP0.10 an industry rank of 75 out of 265 based on the ratings given to related companies. A number of equities analysts have issued reports on the stock. DZ Bank AG restated a “sell” rating on shares of DIALOG SEMICONDUCT GBP0.10 in a research report on Thursday, March 30th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. restated a “buy” rating on shares of DIALOG SEMICONDUCT GBP0.10 in a research report on Tuesday, February 28th. Morgan Stanley restated a “buy” rating on shares of DIALOG SEMICONDUCT GBP0.10 in a research report on Monday, February 20th. Finally, Zacks Investment Research upgraded shares of DIALOG SEMICONDUCT GBP0.10 from a “hold” rating to a “strong-buy” rating and set a $49.00 target price for the company in a research report on Wednesday, January 11th. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY WARNING: This news story was originally posted by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are viewing this news story on another website, it was illegally stolen and republished in violation of US & international copyright & trademark legislation. The original version of this news story can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/09/analysts-expect-dialog-semiconduct-gbp0-10-dlgnf-to-post-0-46-eps.html. DIALOG SEMICONDUCT GBP0.10 (NASDAQ:DLGNF) remained flat at $51.55 during mid-day trading on Thursday. 5 shares of the company traded hands. DIALOG SEMICONDUCT GBP0.10 has a 12 month low of $30.80 and a 12 month high of $53.00. The company has a market cap of $3.93 billion and a P/E ratio of 15.86. The stock’s 50-day moving average is $50.61 and its 200-day moving average is $42.47. Get a free copy of the Zacks research report on DIALOG SEMICONDUCT GBP0.10 (DLGNF) For more information about research offerings from Zacks Investment Research, visit Zacks.com Receive News & Ratings for DIALOG SEMICONDUCT GBP0.10 Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for DIALOG SEMICONDUCT GBP0.10 and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Government Wants to Know Trump Critic on Twitter Susan Rice Denies leaking Names of Officials in Intelligence Reports Senate Facing Showdown over Nomination of Neil Gorsuch Ex-Trump Advisor Michael Flynn Seeking Immunity Challenges on Rollback of Climate Policies to Come © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Menu Home About Archives Bloggers Policies Documents Limited Partnership Agreements Contact Fearless commentary on finance, economics, politics and power Follow yvessmith on Twitter Feedburner RSS Feed RSS Feed for Comments Subscribe via Email SUBSCRIBE Menu Skip to content Home About Archives Bloggers Policies Documents Limited Partnership Agreements Contact Recent Items Goodbye Fiduciary Rule? Department of Labor Delays Implementation Until June - 04/09/2017 - Jerri-Lynn Scofield Links 4/9/17 - 04/09/2017 - Jerri-Lynn Scofield Wolf Richter: Great Debt Unwind: Consumer Bankruptcies Jump, First Since 2010; Commercial Bankruptcies Spike - 04/09/2017 - Jerri-Lynn Scofield Links 4/8/17 - 04/08/2017 - Lambert Strether John Michael Greer, James Howard Kunstler, Chris Martenson, Frank Morris, and Dmitry Orlov Discuss Trump, the Inequality Taboo and Other Hot Topics - 04/08/2017 - Yves Smith President of Richmond Fed Leaks Insider Information and Gets to Walk Free - 04/08/2017 - Yves Smith 2:00PM Water Cooler 4/7/2017 - 04/07/2017 - Lambert Strether What is Artificial Intelligence? - 04/07/2017 - Yves Smith Links 4/7/17 - 04/07/2017 - Lambert Strether Goodbye Fiduciary Rule? Department of Labor Delays Implementation Until June Posted on April 9, 2017 by Jerri-Lynn Scofield By Jerri-Lynn Scofield, who has worked as a securities lawyer and a derivatives trader. She now spends most of her time in Asia and is currently researching a book about textile artisans. She also writes regularly about legal, political economy, and regulatory topics for various consulting clients and publications, as well as scribbles occasional travel pieces for The National. Last week, the Department of Labor (DOL) formally announced it would delay implementation of the “fiduciary rule”– previously promulgated in 2016 and due otherwise to come into effect on Monday, April 10– until June 9. By that date, the DOL may elect to implement the rule as written, revise it, or torpedo it entirely. What is the fiduciary rule and why does it matter? Permit me to quote from my February post on this topic: [On February 3], Trump issued a Presidential Memorandum on Fiduciary Duty Rule, in which he directed the Department of Labor (DoL) to conduct an examination of the a new fiduciary rule, due to come into effect on April 10. This rule would impose a basic fiduciary duty standard on investment advisors, requiring them to act in a client’s best interest.  The fiduciary rule replaces the previous suitability standard, which consumer advocates have criticised for allowing investment advisors to provide conflicted advice, motivated by fees. This suitability standard imposes costs estimated at $17 billion annually on investors and depresses investment returns on retirement savings by a percentage point. Brokerages and insurance companies rely heavily on commission-based compensation. What Is the Impact of the DOL Action? The latest delay does not necessarily spell the death knell for some form of the rule.  As I noted in my February post– relying on reporting in The Wall Street Journal, “Procedures for complying with such a complicated framework are not developed overnight, and many investment advisers had already taken steps to conform theirs to the new framework that was slated to come into effect in April.” Further reporting from Saturday’s Wall Street Journal, New Retirement Rule Is Delayed, but Not Its Impact  further expands on this point, describing steps already undertaken by many investment advisers to comply with the rule as promulgated, under the assumption that the rule would be implemented according to the original schedule. When Trump issued his February memo, many measures were either in place, or in the process of being implemented, and these are not easily reversed: The rule would have required brokers who oversee $3 trillion in tax-advantaged retirement savings to act in their clients’ best interest. That is a stricter standard than many brokerages were using. After the rule was unveiled in April 2016, some brokerages moved clients from commission-based accounts that could run afoul of the rule to fee-only accounts. Among firms that disclosed their plans after the fiduciary rule was announced, Merrill Lynch— Bank of America Corp.’s wealth-management unit—and J.P. Morgan Chase & Co. say they are still moving most clients to fee-based accounts. A J.P. Morgan spokesman said the bank would push back its deadline to track the Labor Department’s actions. Other brokerages including Morgan Stanley and Edward Jones have said they would keep some previously announced changes, such as lower commission charges and some sales restrictions. Other industry groups— including the Financial Planning Association and the National Association of Personal financial Advisors– supported adoption of the new fiduciary rule. It’s well and widely understood that the 1974 Employment Retirement Security Act (ERISA) framework is long overdue for an overhaul (and indeed, the latest reform efforts date to 2010). Will the Rule Survive? Despite the steps such firms have already taken, the current consensus is that the rule as promulgated will not survive– and will at least in some respects be watered down before it becomes effective, especially with respect to the legal liability provisions. Allow me to quote from a Forbes piece from last week, Under Trump, The Future Of Fiduciary Rule Is Uncertain As DOL Delays Rule: So where does the delay leave the future of the rule? The short answer is no one knows yet. Uncertainty remains king today. It is possible that the current rule that is set to “go live” on June 9, 2017, still survives. However, very few people expect the rule that was passed back in 2016 to ever see the light of day. Either the rule will be repealed completely, or the ability to qualify for an exemption to the rule will be significantly loosened, allowing more financial advisors to avoid compliance. Given the compliance steps already undertaken, I’m less certain than is Forbes that the fiduciary rule will be completely gutted.  Yet even if a  weakened version of the rule survives, its legal liability provisions– which allow consumers to sue investment advisers and the financial firms with which  consumers hold their retirement accounts for breach of the new fiduciary standards– will almost certainly be scaled back. Republicans control the executive branch and Congress, and they are extremely unlikely to allow any significant expansion in the ability of private actors to sue to enforce this or for that matter any other rule that would expand corporate legal liability to proceed. Recall further that congressional Republicans are intent on further weakening the already-listing class action litigation framework, as Russ and Pam Martens reported in March in Republicans Plan a Coup Today in the House, Gutting Established Class Action Law.  (This is a longstanding trend. One significant step was taken in President George W. Bush’s 2005 Class Action Fairness Act– which I should point out, was passed with the assistance of some Democrats, including the vote of a certain junior Senator from the state of Illinois. But what had a far greater impact on class action litigation than this statutory change was a series of business-friendly legal decisions that have seriously constrained the ability of plaintiffs to recover significant punitive damages– citing constitutional grounds.  Sadly, I don’t expect the newest Supreme Court Justice– Neil Gorsuch– to do anything that might arrest, let alone reverse, this trend.) I should mention two other areas of uncertainty.  First, as I mentioned in my February post, litigation challenging the fiduciary rule as promulgated in April 2016 is pending.  I won’t hazard a guess as to how these suits could proceed, except to say any of them could upset the apple cart– effectively preempting what the DOL would be able to do. And second, the 2010 Dodd–Frank Wall Street Reform and Competitiveness act authorizes the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC)  to issue its own new fiduciary standards– which would extend beyond the narrow area of retirement accounts to cover brokerage accounts more generally.  The agency has yet to act on this authority. The SEC is unlikely to forge ahead on this issue at this point, since with only two of five sitting commissioners in place, agency activity is effectively stymied. That is particularly so on the issue of expanding fiduciary standards for brokers, as acting chairman Michael Piwowar has denounced the DOL’s existing rule, and would be extremely unlikely to support any expansive  SEC rule-making in this area (and even if the SEC were to proceed, it would take a minimum of years rather than weeks to develop new rules in this area.) Bottom Line So, for the moment, it looks like the DOL efforts on the fiduciary rule will remain the only game in town– and we’ll need to wait until June, to see what the agency decides to do next. 00300 This entry was posted in Banking industry, Guest Post, Investment management, Regulations and regulators, The destruction of the middle class on April 9, 2017 by Jerri-Lynn Scofield. Post navigation ← Links 4/9/17 Subscribe to Post Comments 10 comments pebird April 9, 2017 at 12:43 pm Maybe they can change the regulation to an optional fiduciary requirement, but require clear disclosure such that advertisements would have to state either “We act in our client’s fiduciary interest.” or “We do NOT act in our client’s fiduciary interest.” Make watching TV fun again. Reply ↓ Vatch April 9, 2017 at 12:46 pm This whole situation seems strange to me. Republican voters are more likely to have investment advisors than Democratic voters are, because the Republicans are, on average, richer than the Democrats (of course there are individual exceptions). A person won’t even bother to think about consulting an investment advisor unless she or he has a non-trivial amount of money saved. Republican voters should be up in arms contacting their Senators, Representative, and the White House switchboard about this. Why isn’t it happening? Is it hubris? Are Republicans too proud to admit that they can be tricked by an investment advisor? Reply ↓ Jim Haygood April 9, 2017 at 12:56 pm If by investment adviser you mean an RIA (Registered Investment Adviser), they are already required to follow a fiduciary standard. The Financial Planning Association supports the fiduciary rule. http://www.investmentnews.com/article/20170111/FREE/170119983/rias-could-be-ultimate-winners-if-dol-fiduciary-rule-is-repealed-or It’s mainly brokerage houses with their registered reps and (especially) insurance brokers who are resisting a fiduciary standard. Reply ↓ Vatch April 9, 2017 at 1:24 pm From the article: Independent registered investment advisers, which have largely supported from the start the idea of requiring fiduciary responsibility when managing retirement account assets, could be set up for a big win if the rule fades away or falls way behind the April enactment schedule. Are they required by law to follow a fiduciary standard? The article appears to indicate that there is some leeway. Reply ↓ Jim Haygood April 9, 2017 at 1:11 pm Republican voters should be up in arms Watching the R party sell out its base is about as exciting as watching the sun rise. It literally happens every day. To put it in slightly hyperbolic terms, the D party is quite honest and upfront about its intent to wreck the economy with war, taxes and over-regulation. Whereas the R party flat out lies about its sole raison d’être, running a government of, by and for Big Business. That’s the only reason the D party has soldiered on this long — typically it takes less than a year for the utter hypocrisy of a new R administration to become apparent. This time we got ‘er done in less than three months. ;-) Reply ↓ Jim Haygood April 9, 2017 at 12:49 pm “Dodd–Frank … authorizes the SEC to issue its own new fiduciary standards – which would extend beyond the narrow area of retirement accounts to cover brokerage accounts more generally.” Can you say “regulatory capture”? Wall Street’s “suitability rule” [meaning in practice that clients can be screwed silly with astronomical fees, when dirt-cheap equivalents are available] is as antiquated as the bucket shops that were shut down a century ago, frustrating ol’ Jesse Livermore’s most profitable wheeze. So-called “financial professionals” who want to continue fleecing serving clients under a suitability standard really ought to work under ornate gaslights in three-piece suits with stand-up collar shirts and ornate watch chains, to project historical authenticity. Ultimately the fiduciary rule will be instituted by informed customers, followed by the useless appendage of the SEC scurrying behind them on its tiny mouse legs, squeaking “Me too! Me too!“ Reply ↓ lyle April 9, 2017 at 7:30 pm But all one has to do is ask if the advisor is following the fiduciary rule and if not say thanks but no thanks, goodbye. If companies supplying 401ks provide information about the definition of a fiduciary and explain that one should ask, then it would also help. Reply ↓ Collin April 9, 2017 at 8:25 pm Bank of America/Merrill Lynch had planned to make lemonade from lemons, using the rule to tell clients “we’re forced into changing your retirement account to a fee based system by the gov’t”, with some ML brokers already securing contracts with their predominantly elderly clients for a fee based structure at 2.2% per year. I have personal knowledge of this. Reply ↓ K April 10, 2017 at 12:08 am Correct! It is terrible for the client. It will cost them more. Reply ↓ seabos84 April 9, 2017 at 11:04 pm I’m scratching my head. Since 1992, we’ve had 8+ years of Bush-Cheney-Heil-Herr-Trump thieving, and 16 years of Clinton-Obama sell outs to thieves. It is all VERY sim[le – the MORE rules & the MORE complicated the rules, the MORE crap they’re pulling. ta da. Why weren’t the bandits of Wall Street shipped more spun gold foam … ummm … ooops … I mean locked up for 10 year minimum sentences, decades ago? Bill & Hill & Darth & … wouldn’t have been living as large! Haygood at 12:49 nails it. I think Las Vegas is more honest. rmm. Reply ↓ Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment Name * Email * Tip Jar Please Donate or Subscribe! Search Search for: Recent Comments MoiAussie on Links 4/9/17The natural resources on a piece of land... MoiAussie on Links 4/9/17If Marine gets up Europe will be transformed,... MoiAussie on Links 4/9/17First up, fraud should attract penalties that are... Procopius on Links 4/9/17Russia is too cantankerous for TPTB. Our powers... Oregoncharles on John Michael Greer, James Howard Kunstler, Chris Martenson, Frank Morris, and Dmitry Orlov Discuss Trump, the Inequality Taboo and Other Hot TopicsYes, please do that, and announce it here.... Topics Africa (17) Australia (127) Auto industry (94) Banana republic (3,014) Banking industry (4,648) Brexit (48) Carbon credits (29) CEO compensation (249) China (565) Commodities (455) Corporate governance (319) Credit cards (159) Credit markets (3,624) Curiousities (273) Currencies (903) Derivatives (687) Documents (5) Doomsday scenarios (1,467) Dubious statistics (575) ECONNED (87) Economic fundamentals (2,765) Energy markets (507) Environment (454) Europe (621) Federal Reserve (1,268) Free markets and their discontents (1,412) Garrulous insolence (66) Global warming (323) Globalization (1,097) Guest Post (6,484) Health care (391) Hedge funds (417) Income disparity (959) India (15) Infrastructure (78) Investment banks (744) Investment management (498) Investment outlook (851) Japan (204) Legal (1,886) Links (3,048) Macroeconomic policy (972) Market inefficiencies (230) Media appearances (74) Media watch (864) Middle East (142) Moral hazard (340) New McCarthyism (6) New Zealand (77) Notices (288) OCC (12) Payment system (47) Permaculture (32) Politics (5,024) Private equity (512) Privatization (66) Real estate (1,523) Regulations and regulators (3,583) Ridiculously obvious scams (438) Risk and risk management (717) Russia (236) Science and the scientific method (195) Social policy (1,019) Social values (1,790) Species loss (52) Student loans (51) Summer rerun (48) Surveillance state (120) Taxes (384) Technology and innovation (452) The destruction of the middle class (1,345) The dismal science (1,458) TPP (83) UK (114) Water Cooler (649) Blogroll Angry Bear Automatic Earth Bill Mitchell – billy blog Credit Slips Econbrowser Economic Populist Ed Harrison Eyes on Trade Health Care Renewal Lambert Strether Macro Business Marginal Revolution mathbabe Matt Stoller Michael Hudson New Economic Perspectives OilPrice Pando Daily Paul Krugman TripleCrisis Warren Mosler Wolf Richter (WolfStreet) Yanis Varoufakis Copyright © 2006 - 2017 Aurora Advisors Incorporated All Rights Reserved
connexion Français English Español Português Deutsch العربية EN London (AFP) - 04/10/2017 - 08:33 Barclays, its CEO probed over whistleblower probe Cairo (AFP) - 04/09/2017 - 17:50 Egypt's Sisi orders military to protect 'vital infrastucture' Mogadishu (AFP) - 04/09/2017 - 17:16 Toll climbs to 10 in Somalia car bomb attack: army Cairo (AFP) - 04/09/2017 - 14:47 Islamic State group claims Egypt church bombings: Amaq Mogadishu (AFP) - 04/09/2017 - 14:40 Attack on Somali army chief kills at least five: AFP Search form Search The News The Agency About Awards Press releases and newsletter Medialab Products Products and services Partners Inside AFP BUY OUR PRINTS You are here Home News London finance chief upbeat after Brexit trigger 9 Apr 2017 AFP/File / Daniel LEAL-OLIVAS A person holds Union Flags near the Houses of Parliament in London, on March 29, 2017, after British Prime Minister Theresa May activated the process for Britain's exit from the European Union The outlook for London's financial sector has improved since Brexit was triggered, insists the man charged with its policy, even as banks remain set to move some jobs abroad. Mark Boleat, who spoke on Thursday to AFP after British Prime Minister Theresa May activated the process for Britain's EU exit, nevertheless urged speedy trade talks to minimise disruption. The signing of Article 50 of the Lisbon Treaty late last month has kick-started a two-year countdown to Brexit. "On the whole, I think things are looking rather better," Boleat said when asked about the impact on London's financial sector, otherwise known as the City. "We would hope that the negotiations go quickly and go well," he said. AFP/File / Daniel LEAL-OLIVAS The outlook for London's financial sector has improved since Brexit was triggered, insists Mark Boleat, who is charged with its policy, even as banks remain set to move some jobs abroad If early agreement could be reached on the terms for exit and on the rights of EU nationals, "there will be the minimum of disruption to business and consumers in this country -- and in Europe," said Boleat, who steps down next month as policy chairman of the City of London Corporation. Bank of England chief Governor Mark Carney on Friday warned of sector-wide consequences of leaving without a trade deal, but was optimistic for an agreement. - London to lose bank jobs - In the run-up to last year's Brexit referendum, the business community threw its weight behind the failed Remain campaign, arguing it would prompt large-scale City job losses. So far, HSBC has stated it would likely shift 1,000 jobs to Paris, where the banking titan already has a significant operation. US player Goldman Sachs will meanwhile move 1,000 staff from London to Frankfurt. Boleat sought, however, to calm jitters over banks shifting jobs to other major European hubs. "Banks have had contingency plans since before the Brexit referendum in some cases. They have known there is a possibility that Britain will not be in the single market -- that has now been confirmed." Many banks "will need to restructure what they are doing -- perhaps cease doing a few things, in some cases build up business elsewhere in the European Union. They are getting on and doing that." And he cited US investment bank JPMorgan's chief executive Jamie Dimon, who stated this week that he did not foresee shifting many staff from Britain over the next two years because of Brexit. "I don't think businesses are going to announce what they are doing in a great fanfare," Boleat said. As executives such as Jamie Dimon had pointed out, "we are going to need to build up our resources in other EU member states." A few people would be moved, but "no one is going to say: we are closing down in London," he said. Historic insurance market Lloyd's of London was the first group to respond to the Brexit trigger, announcing it will open a Brussels subsidiary in early 2019. The market, which insures against catastrophes such as earthquakes, shipwrecks and revolutions, is seeking to ensure its continued access across the bloc. - 'It will not be Lloyd's of Brussels' - Lloyd's is "a unique organisation. It's not a company, it's a market. They will have to do something if Britain is outside the single market," Boleat told AFP. "They have spent a long time looking at location. They have decided it's Brussels." But that was only part of their business, he said. "It's Lloyd's of London. The vast bulk of its business will stay in London. It will not be Lloyd's of Brussels," the departing policy chief added. Boleat also argued that the future location of euro clearing -- the processing of euro currency transactions -- should remain in London. France has been particularly vocal that other EU hubs should be ready to take over from London. "The clearing is done in London because that is where the expertise is. That's where the market is. Brexit will not change that," Boleat said. "Euro clearing is already a political football -- but we hope that economic reality will determine the outcome, not a wish to have a trophy function move to another place." 9 Apr 2017 Previous Back to summary Next Newsletter AFP Subscribe to our newsletter AFP's worldwide network The global network of Agence France Presse covers 150 countries Find out more Find out more Contact us If you have news to share or a question, comment or suggestion, contact us via... MAIL Facebook Twitter Subsidiaries AFP Gmbh Sport Informations Dienst AFP-Services   About AFP AFP is a global news agency delivering fast, in-depth coverage of the events shaping our world from wars and conflicts to politics, sports, entertainment and the latest breakthroughs in health, science and technology. Useful links Site Map Contact us Terms of use Our Blog Correspondent Partners Business Wire News Press close
Home Privacy About Contributors Contact Headlines Markets M&A Analysts’ Updates Earnings Health & Biotech Technology Randgold Resources Limited - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Randgold Resources Limited with our FREE daily email newsletter: Recent Market News Prudential plc (PRU) Given a GBX 2,095 Price Target by Morgan Stanley Analysts Royal Bank of Scotland Group plc (RBS) Receives “Underperform” Rating from BNP Paribas Rio Tinto plc (RIO) Given New GBX 4,400 Price Target at Royal Bank of Canada Randgold Resources Limited (RRS) Given Neutral Rating at Goldman Sachs Group Inc Prudential plc (PRU) Given Conviction-Buy Rating at Goldman Sachs Group Inc QinetiQ Group plc (QQ) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Liberum Capital Royal Dutch Shell Plc’s (RDSB) Buy Rating Reaffirmed at HSBC Holdings plc Petra Diamonds Limited (PDL) Given New GBX 170 Price Target at JPMorgan Chase & Co. The Sage Group plc (SGE) Given Underweight Rating at Barclays PLC Sirius Real Estate Limited (SRE) Price Target Increased to GBX 57 by Analysts at Canaccord Genuity Christopher Morley Sells 129,651 Shares of Zayo Group Holdings Inc (ZAYO) Stock Jefferies Group LLC Trims Tullow Oil plc (TLW) Target Price to GBX 270 Peel Hunt Reiterates Buy Rating for Telecom plus PLC (TEP) Jefferies Group LLC Lowers Foxtons Group PLC (FOXT) Price Target to GBX 90 Beaufort Securities Reaffirms Speculative Buy Rating for Cyanconnode Holdings PLC (CYAN) Beaufort Securities Reiterates Buy Rating for Berkeley Group Holdings PLC (BKG) Southern Copper Corp (SCCO) Receives $30.41 Consensus Price Target from Analysts Zacks: Brokerages Set $3.50 Target Price for Transenterix Inc (TRXC) TINGYI(CAYMAN ISL) USD 0.005 (TCYMF) Given Average Rating of “Hold” by Analysts AnaptysBio Inc (ANAB) Given Consensus Rating of “Strong Buy” by Brokerages Randgold Resources Limited (RRS) Given Neutral Rating at Goldman Sachs Group Inc April 8th, 2017 - By Jessica Moore - 0 comments Filed Under: Finance Goldman Sachs Group Inc reaffirmed their neutral rating on shares of Randgold Resources Limited (LON:RRS) in a research report released on Thursday. The brokerage currently has a GBX 8,000 ($99.86) price objective on the stock. Several other brokerages also recently weighed in on RRS. Canaccord Genuity reaffirmed a hold rating and set a GBX 6,400 ($79.89) price target on shares of Randgold Resources Limited in a report on Monday, February 6th. Deutsche Bank AG reissued a buy rating and issued a GBX 7,400 ($92.37) target price on shares of Randgold Resources Limited in a report on Tuesday, February 7th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. reissued an overweight rating and issued a GBX 8,000 ($99.86) target price on shares of Randgold Resources Limited in a report on Monday, February 6th. Numis Securities Ltd reissued a buy rating and issued a GBX 8,000 ($99.86) target price on shares of Randgold Resources Limited in a report on Monday, January 30th. Finally, Barclays PLC lowered their target price on shares of Randgold Resources Limited from GBX 8,300 ($103.61) to GBX 7,300 ($91.12) and set an overweight rating on the stock in a report on Monday, January 9th. One investment analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, five have assigned a hold rating and eight have issued a buy rating to the company’s stock. The stock has an average rating of Buy and a consensus target price of GBX 7,282.07 ($90.90). Shares of Randgold Resources Limited (LON:RRS) traded up 4.29% during midday trading on Thursday, reaching GBX 7410.00. 989,944 shares of the company’s stock were exchanged. The stock’s market capitalization is GBX 6.97 billion. Randgold Resources Limited has a 12-month low of GBX 5,410.00 and a 12-month high of GBX 9,820.00. The firm has a 50-day moving average of GBX 7,211.49 and a 200-day moving average of GBX 6,793.28. WARNING: “Randgold Resources Limited (RRS) Given Neutral Rating at Goldman Sachs Group Inc” was first reported by The Cerbat Gem and is the sole property of of The Cerbat Gem. If you are accessing this article on another website, it was copied illegally and reposted in violation of international copyright legislation. The original version of this article can be read at https://www.thecerbatgem.com/2017/04/08/goldman-sachs-group-inc-reiterates-neutral-rating-for-randgold-resources-limited-rrs-updated.html. The firm also recently declared a dividend, which will be paid on Friday, May 26th. Investors of record on Thursday, March 16th will be issued a GBX 1 ($0.01) dividend. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Thursday, March 16th. This represents a yield of 1.12%. Randgold Resources Limited Company Profile Randgold Resources Limited is engaged in the gold mining, exploration and related activities. The Company’s activities are focused on West and Central Africa. The Company operates through the gold mining segment. The Company operates mines, such as Morila, Loulo, Gounkoto, Tongon and Kibali. The Company holds Morila Limited, which holds interests in the Morila mine in Mali. Receive News & Stock Ratings for Randgold Resources Limited Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Randgold Resources Limited and related stocks with our FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website   © The Cerbat Gem Investing News and Analysis 2012-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About Us | Our Contributors | Contact Us
24/7 Wall St. - Insightful Analysis and Commentary for U.S. and Global Equity Investors Search this site Business Aerospace & Defense Autos Banking & Finance Commodities & Metals Consumer Products Energy Healthcare Industrials Infrastructure Media Retail Services Technology Apps & Software Consumer Electronics Telecom & Wireless Apple Inc. Facebook Google Investing Analyst Upgrades Bankruptcy Buffett Corporate Governance Corporate Performance Dividends and Buybacks Earnings ETFs and Mutual Funds International Markets IPOs and Secondaries Mergers and Acquisitions Personal Finance Rumors Value Investing Economy Energy Government Regulation Healthcare Housing Jobs Special Report Brands and Products Cities Countries States Top 3 Bank Earnings Coming This Week By Chris Lange April 9, 2017 10:25 am EDT Print Email Tweet 24/7 Wall St. has put together a preview of some of the major companies reporting their quarterly results this week. We are just entering into earnings season in which most major companies will report and set a direction for the market. We have included the consensus earnings estimates from Thomson Reuters and the stock price and trading history, as well as added some additional color on each. The main companies reporting this week are banks, which always kick off the earnings season. Although only three major banks are reporting on this shortened trading week, the rest will be coming very shortly. Currently, bank fundamentals are stuck in a tight spot, considering the still-slow economy and policy uncertainty weighing on loan growth, as well as higher rates affecting mortgage origination volumes. However, there is a positive side. Higher rates are helping net interest margins, credit quality remains excellent and capital return is expected to be higher again in this year’s Comprehensive Capital Analysis and Review (CCAR) stress test process. As a result, one key analyst thinks that first-quarter results will not be mind-blowing, but instead believes estimates are still biased upward as more rate hikes get built in, deposit betas remain low and credit loss/provision levels prove lower-for-longer. After considering the current climate for banking stocks, Jefferies picked out a couple of its top ideas going forward. Be advised that the earnings and revenue estimates may change ahead of the formal reports, and some companies may change reporting dates as well. Citigroup Inc. (NYSE: C) is scheduled to reveal its first-quarter results on Thursday. The consensus estimates call for $1.24 in earnings per share (EPS), as well as $17.83 in revenue. Shares ended trading at $59.43 on Friday. The consensus analyst price target is $64.74. The stock has a 52-week trading range of $38.31 to $62.53. JPMorgan Chase & Co. (NYSE: JPM) is set to report its first-quarter results on Thursday. The analysts’ consensus estimates call for EPS of $1.52 and $24.88 billion in revenue. Shares were changing hands at $86.18 on Friday’s close. The consensus price target is $91.22, and the stock has a 52-week range of $57.05 to $93.98. Wells Fargo & Co. (NYSE: WFC) also is expected to report its most recently quarter results on Thursday. The consensus analyst estimates call for $0.97 in EPS and revenue of $22.3 billion. Shares of Wells Fargo closed at $54.84 on Friday. The consensus price target is $59.07. The 52-week trading range is $43.55 to $59.99. I'm interested in the Newsletter Get Newsletter terms and conditions   By Chris Lange « Massive Consumer Staple Trade Highlights Insider Buying: Campbell Soup, Apollo Global, G-III Apparel and More Read more: Banking & Finance, Earnings, Citigroup Inc (NYSE:C), JPMorgan Chase & Co. (NYSE:JPM), Wells Fargo (NYSE:WFC) Free Daily Newsletter Subscribe Terms & Conditions Sponsors Popular The Most Dangerous States in America The Most and Least Reliable Car in Each Class 25 Worst Tasting Beers in America The Safest States in America 10 Disappearing Car Brands Recent Top 3 Bank Earnings Coming This Week Massive Consumer Staple Trade Highlights Insider Buying: Campbell Soup, Apollo Global, G-III Apparel and More IPOs This Week: Yext, Warrior Met Coal, Netshoes Verizon Is the DJIA’s Worst Performing Stock for 2017 Get Quote for: Symbol Lookup Search Amazon Intercepts With NFL Thursday Night Football PNC Financial's Bet on Technology Invest Like Warren Buffett, Not Carl Icahn Trump names Kevin Hassett chairman of Council of Economic Advisers Dow finishes week barely in the red S&P 500 books a weekly decline of 0.3% Asian stocks struggle, dollar shines as geopolitical risks grow British regulators investigate Barclays CEO Staley over whistleblowing Google offers at least $880 million to LG display for OLED investment: Electronic Times US Gas Prices Rise 9 Cents to $2.43 a Gallon Truckers Swift and Knight to Merge Oil Firm on Strong Demand, Uncertainty in Syria Here's How Your Money Multiplies When You Contribute To A 401K Budapest Protesters Fight Government Shutdown Of Soros-Founded University 'Smurfs' Struggles In Weekend Box Office Up Against 'Boss Baby' Home About Us Disclaimer and Terms of Use Privacy Policy Contact Us Advertise AOL-HuffPost Money & Finance ©2017 24/7 Wall St. | Powered by WordPress.com VIP
on Serving Central Oregon since 1903 Monday, April 10, 2017 Subscriber Sign In Manage Account Subscribe Toggle navigation Local/State Education Environment Bend Deschutes County Politics OSU-Cascades Marijuana Sports High School Ducks Beavers Golf Community Sports Outdoors Business Lifestyle Restaurants Drinks Food Home & Garden Family Milestones Fashion Travel Outdoors Cook Like a Chef Opinion Editorials Letters to the Editor Endorsements Submission Policies Erik Lukens column Entertainment Events Music Movies GO! Arts Restaurants Drinks Books TV Health Pulse Magazine Opioids addiction Slideshows Obits MORE Jobs Nation Science/Tech Outdoors Events Classifieds Webcams Special Publications BendHomes.com Subscribe My Account Digital Newsstand Submit a photo Home Local/State Sports Business Lifestyle Entertainment Slideshows Obits Jobs Science/Tech Events Classifieds Webcams BendHomes.com My Account Submit a photo Movies GO! Restaurants Real Estate Home Business Banks fight back against Venmo with own apps print Share | e-mail Facebook Tweet StumbleUpon Google 3025033 false Apps and online tools could someday overtake cash and checks as the primary way individuals pay each other. (Dreamstime/TNS) Click here to enlarge image Banks fight back against Venmo with own apps By James Rufus Koren / Los Angeles Times Published Apr 9, 2017 at 12:02AM Odds are, you’ve at least heard of Venmo, but there’s also a good chance you haven’t used the mobile app or anything else like it to send money to family or friends. But that’s likely to change over the next few years, as banks, payment companies and even the likes of Google and Facebook push so-called peer-to-peer, or p2p, payment systems — a medium of exchange with revolutionary potential. The apps and online tools could someday overtake cash and checks as the primary way individuals pay each other, and they even could make inroads at the cash register and with businesses that send refunds and other payments to their customers. These systems will get a boost later this year when a coalition of the nation’s biggest banks roll out Zelle, a mobile and online money-transfer network that will let any customer of nearly every U.S. bank send money to customers of any other bank using only a phone number or email address. Analysts say the bank-led system — and the related marketing push — should bring online and mobile peer-to-peer payments to a larger audience. Even competitors, notably the popular money transfer app Venmo, say the Zelle rollout could boost their fortunes by making digital-money transfers more mainstream. “We don’t see it as a winner-take-all scenario,” said Josh Criscoe, a spokesman for Venmo owner PayPal. “We welcome any effort to move folks to more digital payments and move toward the smartphone as the central point of financial life. The common enemy is cash.” Online and mobile peer-to-peer payment systems have grown rapidly over the last few years, and analysts expect that to continue. In a report published in March, finance industry research firm Aite Group estimated Americans made about $147 billion in digital p2p transfers last year, up from $100 billion the year before. Those are big numbers, to be sure, but last year’s sum still only accounted for about 12 percent of the more than $1.2 trillion that Americans paid each other that year, mostly in cash. That means there’s still plenty of growth ahead, said Talie Baker, an analyst at Aite Group. In her report, she estimated the volume of digital p2p payments will more than double by 2020, topping $316 billion. “Not that many consumers are using mobile payments yet,” Baker said, noting that though these payments are more common among young consumers in big coastal cities, they’re not so ubiquitous elsewhere. “I’m a Gen X person, and I live in Denver — I hadn’t heard of Venmo until 2015,” she said. There are plenty of players in the p2p game. Square Inc., the payments company behind the tiny white credit-card reader that plugs into a smartphone, has a p2p service of its own, Square Cash, which launched in 2013. Following the geometric theme, there’s also Circle, a Boston firm that started the same year and specializes in cross-border p2p transfers in dollars, euros and British pounds. Facebook and Google, too, allow users to send money to friends. Google has Google Wallet, which started as a mobile wallet app but became a p2p payment tool in 2015, and Facebook users have been able to send money through Facebook Messenger since 2015. Square, Google and Facebook don’t report the volume of payments made through their p2p systems, but Facebook in regulatory filings has said only “a relatively small percentage” of its users have used the payments feature. Venmo is arguably the biggest name in peer-to-peer transfers. It even has the coveted status, like Google, Uber and a few others, of becoming a verb — as in “Venmo me.” Founded in 2009, the company was acquired in 2012 by payment services provider Braintree, which was acquired the following year by online payments giant PayPal — which offers p2p payments under its own name, too. But the biggest players in the market are still the banks. Last year, Venmo users transferred $17.6 billion. That’s more than double the volume from 2015, but it’s also much less than the $28 billion transferred in 2016 through QuickPay, JPMorgan Chase’s peer-to-peer payment system. And that’s just one bank. Chase, Bank of America, Wells Fargo and other major financial institutions have had their own p2p transfer programs for years, though it can sometimes be clunky for bank customers to send money to people with accounts at other financial institutions. Aite Group estimates that of all the digital p2p transfers Americans made last year, nonbank systems such as Venmo accounted for only about 17 percent of that. Banks accounted for the rest, though much of that likely was made through banks’ websites, not mobile apps, and much of it was money transferred between customers of the same bank. In part, that’s a statement about who uses different systems, and what they are used for. Venmo and other nonbank systems are accessed about twice as often as bank systems, but for much smaller transactions, according to Aite Group. The average money transfer on a nonbank system is $135; the average for bank systems is $1,359, according to the report. That might suggest parents sending money to a student for college tuition, for instance, might be more likely to transfer money through a bank, while students are much more likely to split a restaurant bill or bar tab using Venmo. The payment app is also a social network in its own right, with users sending messages to friends when they transfer money — a feature Venmo pioneered. Those messages shed light on what’s behind each transaction and indicate Venmo is most often used among friends over food and drink, said Criscoe, the Venmo spokesman. “Pizza is the No. 1 emoji on Venmo; beer is a close follow,” he said, adding that other messages suggest users are splitting bigger-ticket items, too, such as rent. Though Venmo and other nonbank payment systems are still a small part of the p2p market, banks want to make sure they keep their place in the financial order and keep their customers. This summer, Early Warning, a company owned by some of the nation’s largest banks, will release Zelle, a payment system built to compete with Venmo and others — and, banks hope, to make digital p2p payments more mainstream. Along with the release, Early Warning will kick off a marketing campaign showing not only how Zelle works but how it might be used. Lou Anne Alexander, president of Early Warning’s payments group, said the focus will be on appealing to older consumers who might not have tried p2p payments. “We’re trying to take (p2p) from millennials to the mainstream — customers might use a product like this,” Alexander said. “That might be managing contributions to the high school marching band or it might be renting a home on the beach with friends or family.” 16932843 View next article in Business     Get Central Oregon's top headlines delivered to your inbox every morning GO print version Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. comments powered by Disqus This image is copyrighted. To purchase photo click here! Close window Slideshow The building of a Keith Manufacturing Walking Floor Slideshow Hops harvest Get daily headlines to your inbox GO Connect with The Bulletin Tweets from https://twitter.com/thebulletin/business-writers Popular Comments Popular stories for Business Landmark home in Bend for sale 04/07/2017 A house on NW Riverside Boulevard in Bend, one of the first ... more Bend businessman sentenced to jail 02/11/2016 A Deschutes County Circuit Court judge Thursday sentenced a Bend businessman to ... more Eclipse chaser plans life around solar events 04/05/2017 Three-quarters of the way through an hour-long conversation about chasing total solar ... more Bend median home price jumped in March 04/07/2017 The median sales price of a single-family home in Bend was $396,000 ... more Bend entrepreneurs learn crowdfunding pitfalls 04/09/2017 If you’ve seen a nifty product designed in Bend, chances are good ... more Recent article comments» View more comments» Comments powered by Disqus The Bulletin Contact us Staff directory Advertise with us Frequently asked questions Privacy policy Terms of use Careers Connect with The Bulletin Subscriptions New subscription Vacation hold Back copies Share because you care Newspapers in Education Subscription rates General account help Our partners Baker City Herald La Grande Observer Northeast Oregon Classifieds Union Democrat Del Norte Triplicate Curry Coastal Pilot Central Oregon Nickel Bend Homes Northwest Web Press Quick links Digital newsstand Special ad Ssctions Restaurant guide Obituaries TV listings Movie listings ODOT web cams Oregon lottery Parade Magazine Submit a news tip Submit an event Submit a worship service Photos Submit photos View reader photos View Bulletin photos Purchase photos Explore more of Central Oregon with a subscription to The Bulletin. Subscribe © 2017 The Bulletin | A Western Communications Company | All Rights Reserved | 1777 Chandler Ave, Bend, OR 97702 | Email Contacts | 541-382-1811 Quick links Contact Us Frequently Asked Questions Manage Account ODOT Web Cams Movie Listings Restaurant Guide Submit Photos Submit an Event © 2017 The Bulletin | A Western Communications Company | All Rights Reserved | 1777 Chandler Ave, Bend, OR 97702 | Contact us | 541-382-1811
e-paper India Follow us: Today in New Delhi, India Apr 10, 2017-Monday -°C New Delhi Humidity - Wind - select city Metro cities - Delhi Mumbai Chennai Kolkata Other cities - Noida Gurgaon Bengaluru Hyderabad Bhopal Chandigarh Dehradun Indore Jaipur Lucknow Patna Ranchi Powered by Close india world cities opinion ipl 2017 sports entertainment lifestyle business tech education whatnow photos videos jaago re Livemint Livehindustan Shine HTcampus Mycollegesabroad Desimartini Is the govt finally taking note of Reliance Jio’s impact on telecom industry? Reliance Jio initially offered free voice calls and data until the year-end in a promotional offer, and later extended them to March 31. business Updated: Apr 10, 2017 08:01 IST Amrit Raj Livemint.com, New Delhi Telecom companies have repeatedly complained against Jio’s free offers since its launch in September.(Reuters File Photo) High-level meetings centred on Reliance Jio Infocomm Ltd that preceded the telecom regulator’s order halting a complimentary offer from the Mukesh Ambani-run operator seem to suggest that the government has taken note of the impact of free services on the industry and its own revenue. A day before the Telecom Regulatory Authority of India’s (Trai’s) order, telecom minister Manoj Sinha met officials to discuss Reliance Jio’s promotional offers and their impact on the telecom sector and licence fee collection, two people familiar with the matter said. Licence fee collection in the March quarter is expected to decline 28% to Rs 2,300 crore from Rs 3,165.8 crore in the December quarter, these people said, asking not to be identified. Sinha was briefed by his bureaucrats about the industry’s demand that licence fee for the fourth quarter should be on actuals and should be equal to the licence fee of the last quarter. Sinha was also informed that the industry’s debt levels have risen sharply from Rs 2.7 lakh crore in 2014 to Rs 4.85 lakh crore at the end of December 31. PK Pujari, secretary, ministry of power, who also holds additional charge for the department of telecom (DoT), did not respond to phone calls and a text message seeking a response. Rajan Mathews, director general, Cellular Operators Association of India (COAI), confirmed that he had written to DoT seeking respite from submitting licence fees, among other issues. “Nobody in their wildest dream had thought that revenue will come under pressure as we thought subscribers will keep increasing, but now, because of the situation that we are in, nobody had anticipated that somebody will give away 100% services for free,” Mathews of COAI said. An email sent to Reliance Jio on Thursday remained unanswered till press time. Read more Reliance Jio closes 3-month Summer Surprise offer after TRAI advisory Here’s why Reliance Jio was asked to stop ‘complimentary’ summer offer Telecom companies have repeatedly complained against Jio’s free offers since its launch in September. Jio initially offered free voice calls and data until the year-end in a promotional offer, and later extended them to March 31. Sinha’s meeting came days after cabinet secretary PK Sinha asked SBI Caps to apprise him of the situation in the telecom sector. According to a Moneycontrol.com report on 5 April, the state-run investment bank highlighted the industry’s debt situation as a major worry. Such activity in the government, the people mentioned earlier said, were largely triggered by Jio’s announcement on March 31 when it said it had a paid subscriber base of 72 million and that its services would remain free for three more months till end-June for certain subscribers. Experts said Trai and DoT may be seeing merit in arguments that the industry incumbents are hurting as a result of these offers. “The regulator’s decision likely reflects a more holistic view of the health of the players, which would be critical for roll-out 4G services and fulfil the Digital India agenda of the government,” Deutsche Bank Markets Research said in a note on 7 April. JPMorgan Asia Pacific Research said that it expects Rs 1500 crore annualized shortfall in the government’s revenue because of a tariff war that has disrupted the industry. “Going forward, new free offers from RJio could invite greater scrutiny and may not be easy to push through, if this event is any indication,” it said in a note on Friday. Read more Reliance Jio beats rivals with almost double 4G download speed, shows TRAI data Free services for customers, how profitable is Mukesh Ambani’s Reliance Jio “This could be an indication that Trai and the Department of Telecommunication have begun to see RJio’s promotional offers as dragging down and/or hurting industry revenues (by implication, affecting government proceeds by way of licence and spectrum fees it collects from operators) – a mild relief for the incumbents,” JP Morgan added. (Published in arrangement with Livemint) tags Reliance Jio TRAI Telecom industry Telecom regulator Mukesh Ambani more from business What’s streaming? Netflix, Amazon tune into India with ₹2,000-cr war chests each Apr 10, 2017 07:17 IST Digi Dhan: Transaction of Rs 1,590 wins Central Bank of India customer Rs 1 cr Apr 09, 2017 19:36 IST Worth a Thousand Words- Make Your Smartphone Photography Smarter Promotional Feature Recommended for you India World Business Education Autos Real estate Opinion Analysis Columns Editorials Blogs Authors Cities Delhi Gurgaon Noida Mumbai Bhopal Chandigarh Dehradun Indore Jaipur Kolkata Lucknow Patna Ranchi Sports Cricket Football Tennis Others Entertainment Movie reviews Bollywood Hollywood Regional movies World cinema TV Music Tabloid Lifestyle Sex & relationship Health & fitness Fashion & trends Art & culture Travel Books Brunch Tech Tech Reviews Gadgets Photos Videos Epaper HT Indepth Punjab Livemint Livehindustan Shine HTcampus Desimartini HTsyndication Follow us on: Newsletter Register with Hindustan Times to get best news and articles Copyright © HT Media Limited All rights reserved. About us Contact us Privacy policy Disclaimer Print Ad rates Jobs Experts dig deep into rock art history of MP’s Bhimbetaka and other heritage sites Apr 10, 2017 07:42 IST Akali Dal slams Centre over its stand on Ontario assembly motion over 1984 riots Apr 10, 2017 07:40 IST While you were away: Top ten stories to bring you up to date Apr 10, 2017 07:46 IST Scare and sell: How an Indian call centre cheated foreign computer owners Apr 10, 2017 07:51 IST SC forms panel to tackle pending cases across all high courts Apr 10, 2017 01:03 IST Tamil Nadu: Jishnu’s parents call off fast after five days Apr 10, 2017 01:32 IST India set to announce new envoys to France, Indonesia and Germany Apr 10, 2017 00:45 IST Swedish media name Stockholm truck attack suspect Apr 10, 2017 01:48 IST Egypt President declares 3-month state of emergency following church bombings Apr 10, 2017 01:48 IST US strike on Syria a ‘strategic mistake’, says Iran’s Ayatollah Khamenei Apr 10, 2017 00:55 IST Pakistan condemns killing of 8 people in Kashmir bypoll violence Apr 10, 2017 07:10 IST Trump seeks options for eliminating North Korea nuke threat Apr 09, 2017 23:02 IST Russian naval activity in Europe exceeds Cold War levels, says US admiral Apr 09, 2017 22:33 IST Iraqi Christians celebrate Palm Sunday near Mosul for the first time in three y... Apr 09, 2017 21:55 IST delhi gurgaon noida mumbai bhopal chandigarh dehradun indore jaipur kolkata lucknow patna ranchi Drop in catch forced 80K fisherfolk to pull out sand in Thane Apr 10, 2017 01:11 IST Opposition to intensify agitation over farm loan waiver in Maharashtra Apr 10, 2017 00:23 IST Discom to tie up with four more banks for cashless bill payment Apr 09, 2017 23:57 IST Youth injured as portion of Mumbai hostel ceiling falls on him Apr 09, 2017 23:55 IST Gurgaon: Haryana police demands verification fee for gau rakshak ID cards Apr 09, 2017 23:54 IST Parents assemble at Noida stadium to protest school fee hike, hand memo to admin Apr 09, 2017 23:55 IST Gurgaon journalist alleges assault at BJP office Apr 09, 2017 23:47 IST Parents from Gurgaon schools protest at Jantar Mantar against school fee hike Apr 09, 2017 23:35 IST Rajouri Garden bypoll: Voters say leaders change, but issues remain the same Apr 10, 2017 07:29 IST analysis columns editorials blogs authors The Centre’s gender-sensitive Swachh Bharat messaging is a good step forward Apr 10, 2017 07:29 IST Universities in India need more basic amenities, not just rankings Apr 10, 2017 07:25 IST Farmers still fighting the odds: There are hundreds of Champarans today Apr 10, 2017 07:23 IST Farmers’ debts: Loan waivers are great palliatives, but can’t tackle problems Apr 10, 2017 07:16 IST A Calmer You, by Sonal Kalra: 3 thoughts if you want to end it all Apr 09, 2017 17:26 IST cricket football tennis other sports ht gifa Formula One: Max Verstappen makes Lewis Hamilton take notice with Chinese GP podium charge Apr 10, 2017 01:37 IST Life in Gurudwara to IPL success, Rishabh Pant’s story of big sacrifices Apr 10, 2017 01:25 IST Bundesliga: Hertha Berlin end losing streak with 2-0 win against Augsburg Apr 10, 2017 01:12 IST Zlatan Ibrahimovic revives Manchester United F.C., Leicester City F.C. lose Apr 10, 2017 00:47 IST Leander Paes, Mahesh Bhupathi in ugly spat after Davis Cup row Apr 10, 2017 00:54 IST movie reviews bollywood hollywood regional movies world cinema tv music tabloid I am balancing the two, don’t want to settle on one: Priyanka Chopra on Bollywood Vs Hollywood Apr 10, 2017 07:18 IST Shilpa Shinde set a bad example by staying quiet for a year: TV actor Kavita Ka... Apr 09, 2017 20:22 IST For Diljit Dosanjh, a strong role isn’t good enough unless it’s a strong script Apr 09, 2017 19:33 IST Bobby Deol says being a star kid is a bonus, but finally, it’s work that matters Apr 09, 2017 19:16 IST Amyra Dastur of Kung Fu Yoga has an interesting tryst with Tamil for her next f... Apr 09, 2017 18:22 IST sex & relationships health & fitness fashion & trends art & culture travel books more from lifestyle brunch Delhi violence: Are restaurants in the capital city not safe anymore for us? Apr 09, 2017 20:11 IST Book by American expat looks at a ‘new Paris’ that is breaking free from cliches Apr 09, 2017 19:54 IST Combating depression: Learn to spot and help a suicidal person Apr 09, 2017 19:48 IST New research on peripheral nervous system could widen scope of pain medication Apr 09, 2017 19:22 IST Dear brides-to-be, here’s how to take zero stress and look gorgeous on your big... Apr 09, 2017 18:53 IST Is the govt finally taking note of Reliance Jio’s impact on telecom industry? Apr 10, 2017 08:01 IST What’s streaming? Netflix, Amazon tune into India with ₹2,000-cr war chests each Apr 10, 2017 07:17 IST Digi Dhan: Transaction of Rs 1,590 wins Central Bank of India customer Rs 1 cr Apr 09, 2017 19:36 IST DRDO ropes in Patanjali to market herbal products Apr 10, 2017 07:27 IST Tax department issues fresh demand note of Rs 10,247 crore to Cairn Energy Apr 09, 2017 15:34 IST Objectives of demonetisation have been met to large extent, says Sitharaman Apr 08, 2017 22:49 IST Maruti’s Alto best-selling for 13 straight yrs, 2.41 lakh cars sold last fiscal Apr 08, 2017 18:35 IST Google adds ‘fact check’ to global search results Apr 07, 2017 21:40 IST India’s internet economy to double to $250 billion by 2020: report Apr 07, 2017 17:13 IST Apple iPhone 7, Fitbit wearables and HP laptops: Top tech deals this week Apr 07, 2017 17:13 IST YouTube channels must get 10,000 cumulative views before winning advertisements Apr 07, 2017 16:35 IST Apple’s Clips app now available on app store for free Apr 07, 2017 16:18 IST Samsung expected to sell over 40 million Galaxy S8 units Apr 07, 2017 16:10 IST Indians prefer Xiaomi over Samsung, Apple: Report Apr 07, 2017 16:10 IST Delhi University’s School of Opening Learning to start 10 new courses Apr 08, 2017 09:40 IST Mumbai college moves court against university, saying it protects absentees Apr 08, 2017 00:43 IST UPSEE 2017 admit card to be released today Apr 07, 2017 17:36 IST SBI PO 2017 pre-exam training call letters released, download them here Apr 07, 2017 12:00 IST India Rankings 2017: Not a single UP college on list of top 100 Apr 06, 2017 21:16 IST Srinagar bypoll: Violence mars election as protesters, security forces ... Apr 09, 2017 17:30 IST Tension grips Odisha’s Bhadrak after communal violence Apr 08, 2017 21:41 IST Play it again, Peter: Mumbai’s one-man band who plays 13 musical... Apr 08, 2017 21:17 IST World Health Day: 6 common issues afflicting India Apr 07, 2017 19:30 IST In pics: Navratri rituals leave behind polluted rivers Apr 06, 2017 16:43 IST Comedy of errors: When two PMs were asked to “step down” Apr 08, 2017 17:04 IST Comedy of errors: When two PMs were asked to “step down” Apr 08, 2017 16:55 IST Toilet for transgenders open up in Mysore Apr 08, 2017 15:52 IST Karnataka’s first successful intestine transplant performed Apr 08, 2017 16:48 IST Maneka Gandhi slams films for promoting sexual harassment Apr 08, 2017 12:25 IST ht-indepth real-estate autos punjab epaper ht-brand stories weekend
Skip to main content South China Morning Post Edition: International Hong Kong International Jobs Events Education Courses Newsletters Business Register / Login Search " SIGN UP FOR eNEWSLETTER Main menu Home China HK Asia World Comment Business Tech Life Culture Sport Week in asia Post Mag Style .TV All South China Morning Post Main menu China HK Asia World Comment Business Tech Life Culture Sport Week in asia Post Mag Style .TV Search " Share PrintEmail Now Reading Strong private-sector investment likely to propel China’s economy  Hong Kong Politics Economy Health & Environment Law & Crime Education & Community China Policies & Politics Diplomacy & Defence Money & Wealth Economy Society Tech This Week in Asia News Asia World Business Companies Markets Property Investor Relations Global Economy China Economy Money & Wealth Special Reports Country Reports Tech China Tech Enterprises Social & Gadgets Start-ups Apps & Gaming Innovation Leaders & Founders Science & Research Lifestyle Fashion & Luxury Travel & Leisure Motoring Families Food & Drink Health & Beauty Watches Style Good Eating 100 Top Tables Sport Hong Kong China Golf Racing Rugby HK Sevens Soccer Tennis Boxing Motorsport Comment Insight & Opinion Harry's View Blogs Polls Letters Multimedia Infographics Photos Video Magazines Post Magazine Style Good Eating Destination Macau Popular Topics Hong Kong Sevens 2017 Chief executive election 2017 Macroscope The View Inside Out & Outside In The Insider Donald Trump Money Matters China: Around The Nation South China Sea: Hague case Cathay Pacific Jake's View A-shares Brexit Advertising Solutions SCMP Mobile Edition SCMP Tablet Edition SCMP ePaper Edition SCMP.com search Historical Archive HK Magazine Archive Directories Luxehomes At your service Business Services Directory MICE Biz Restaurant Directory CPJobs.com Education Post Events Young Post Follow us on Facebook Follow us on Twitter Business China Economy China Economy China Economy Strong private-sector investment likely to propel China’s economy Private-sector investments may rebound to between 6 per cent and 10 per cent this year in China, JP Morgan’s chief economist says. PUBLISHED : Monday, 10 April, 2017, 8:03am UPDATED : Monday, 10 April, 2017, 8:03am Comments:   Daniel Ren Share PrintEmail Related topics China Economy More on this story Commodities China's economic data is dodgy, but it doesn't matter for commodities 26 Oct 2015 Markets & Investing China's economic growth to fuel rally in H shares 31 Jul 2014 China China's economy on track for 7.5pc gain, says NDRC planner Zhang Ping 30 May 2016 Economy China's economy needs no strong stimulus measures, says central bank economist 27 Apr 2015 Insight & Opinion China's economy in need of a new wave of reforms to avoid contraction 30 May 2016 Related Articles Economy China’s foreign exchange reserves rise for second month in row 7 Apr 2017 Economy A hawkish Fed is biggest danger for Asia, ADB says 7 Apr 2017 Economy China urges foreign firms to make ‘joint efforts’ to control flow of cash out country 6 Apr 2017 The growth of China’s private-sector investment is expected to climb up to 10 per cent in 2017 as rising producer prices help entrepreneurs shrug off gloomy sentiments about the country’s economic outlook. Investment by privately owned businesses, after posting a lacklustre 3.2 per cent year-on-year growth in 2016, is set to rebound to 6 to 10 per cent this year, putting a positive spin on the world’s second-largest economy, according to JP Morgan chief China economist Zhu Haibin. “Producer inflation helps lower the businesses’ real interest rate and improve their profitability,” he said. “An increasing private-sector investment is to act as a major stabilising force for the economy.” Slowing investment by privately owned companies has been one of the primary concerns for the mainland’s leadership since it reflected weaker business morale, said Ma Guangyuan, a renowned independent economist. Private-sector investment accounts for about 60 per cent of the country’s total fixed-asset investment. In the first two months of this year, investment by privately businesses increased 6.7 per cent to 24.98 trillion yuan (US$3.62 trillion), the first time since March 2016 that the figure exceeded 6 per cent, according to the National Bureau of Statistics. The mainland’s producer prices jumped 7.8 per cent in February, the fastest pace since 2008, beating economists’ expectations. The growth of 7.8 per cent was in a stark contrast to a decline of 5.9 per cent in December 2015. A poor reading of producer price index has been a main dragging force for weak investment in early 2016 as company owners anticipated a worsening business environment. Real interest rate is the effective interest rate minus the inflation rate. JP Morgan’s optimistic forecast on China’s private-sector investment came after Beijing took a concrete step toward a mixed-ownership reform, under which Beijing invites the injection of public funds into state firms in key industries such as oil and railway. Last week, Unicom, the country’s second-largest wireless network operator, said it would implement the mixed-ownership reform, becoming the first state-controlled industrial juggernaut to introduce a powerful non-state-owned investor. Ownership reform rekindles investor interest in big China companies Anecdotal evidence showed that mainland China’s private entrepreneurs were actively seeking to allocate more assets abroad owing to a loss of confidence in the mainland economy where high labour and land costs largest ate into their profits. “There are encouraging signs for the economy and investment, but the outlook is still not clear,” said Ding Ziting, owner of a seafood processing business in Guangdong. “It looks as if that the higher producer prices benefit only those upstream manufacturers.” China’s major industrial firms reported profits of 1.02 trillion yuan in the January-to-February period on aggregate, up 31. 5 per cent from a year ago, the national statistics bureau said. Zhu said that an expected slowing in auto sales and lower property investment growth would have a negative impact on the mainland economy in 2017. JP Morgan predicted auto sales growth in the world’s largest vehicle market to slow to 5 per cent in 2017, from 16 per cent in 2016. Property investment is expected to rise as much as 2 per cent this year, down from 7 per cent in 2016. Zhu added that the mainland economy would expand 6.6 per cent, better than the government’s target of 6.5 per cent for 2017. business-article-page   Most Popular Viewed 1 China takes down CIRC’s Xiang, capping insurance shake-out 2 The reason China won’t exert economic pressure on North Korea 3 Debt distress in Shandong province points to new risks 4 World Rugby squeezes Hong Kong media out of own event 5 HNA offers to buy Singaporean logistics firm CWT for S$1.4b Shared 1 China takes down CIRC’s Xiang, capping insurance shake-out 2 World Rugby squeezes Hong Kong media out of own event 3 Debt distress in Shandong province points to new risks 4 The reason China won’t exert economic pressure on North Korea 5 HNA offers to buy Singaporean logistics firm CWT for S$1.4b Commented 1 US and North Korea ‘closer to brink’ of accidental conflict 2 Some ideas for cleaning up Hong Kong’s dog excrement 3 Ill-fated IPO that could sway Malaysia’s election 4 Cathay Pacific hits out at union after it ups stakes in dispute 5 Hong Kong Sevens Day Three – Fiji blow South Africa away to win third title in a row Promotions SCMP Invites you to Le French May “Paris Ballet Legend - A Night With The Stars”       You may also like Comment Vancouver’s Eastside in ‘moral collapse’, say Chinese election ads 7 Apr 2017 - 11:41am 7 Gaming experience poised to get even better In partnership with: HKT PREMIER China Climate change will lead to ‘huge increase in turbulence on flights’ 7 Apr 2017 - 10:12am 15 Smooth sailing on the high seas Sponsored by: Transport and Housing Bureau Insight & Opinion Yeah, right, ask Trump for help with Hong Kong’s human rights 6 Apr 2017 - 8:13pm 61 China Why the Xi-Trump summit is a high-stakes gamble 7 Apr 2017 - 2:33am 34 China Will Trump echo Xi’s words in leaders’ first meeting? 6 Apr 2017 - 11:38pm 2 China Bed, breakfast and beverages – the fine details of a summit 6 Apr 2017 - 11:35pm China Chinese backwater becomes centre of Xi’s futuristic dream city 5 Apr 2017 - 2:31pm 5 China Can Xi make infrastructure a new cornerstone of Sino-US ties? 5 Apr 2017 - 3:07pm 9 China Is Trump at risk of alienating Chinese-Americans? 4 Apr 2017 - 11:29pm 24 Culture Remembering 11 Chinese stars who were taken from us too young 4 Apr 2017 - 3:37pm 10 South China Morning Post Stay connected Facebook Twitter Hong Kong Politics Economy Health & Environment Law & Crime Education & Community News China Hong Kong Asia World China Policies & Politics Diplomacy & Defence Money & Wealth Society Economy Tech Business Companies Markets Property Investor Relations Mutual Funds Economy China Economy Money & Wealth Country Reports Tech China Tech Enterprises Social & Gadgets Start-ups Apps & Gaming Innovation Leaders & Founders Science & Research E-Commerce Lifestyle Arts & Entertainment Health & Beauty Film & TV Food & Drink Families Music Fashion & Luxury Books Travel & Leisure Watches Sport Hong Kong China Golf Racing Rugby Soccer Tennis Boxing Comment Insight & Opinion Harry's View Blogs Polls Letters Multimedia Video Photos Infographics SCMP Chronicles Magazine Post Magazine Style Good Eating Destination Macau HK Magazine Archive Other Weather Most Popular 7 Days Index Country Reports Crossword Promotions Directories Luxehomes At your service Business Services Directory MICE Biz Restaurant Directory Information Buy SCMP Photos Copyright Licensing RSS Feeds SCMP.com search Historical Archive Print Subscription Advertising Opportunities Contact our Advertising Sales HK Rate card Overseas Rate Card China Rate Card The Marketer SCMP Marketing Solutions SCMP Outdoor Advertising Recruitment Advertising Events SCMP Events Operation Santa Claus Other Sites CPJobs.com Education Post Young Post Cosmopolitan CosmoGIRL! Elle Harpers Bazaar Racing Post SCMP Mobile Edition IOS Android Window SCMP TABLET Edition iOS HTML5 Android HTML5 SCMP ePaper Edition SCMP ePaper Edition SIGN UP for SCMP eNewsletter SCMP Publishers Privacy Policy FAQs Terms & Conditions Work For Us Contact Us Copyright © 2017 South China Morning Post Publishers Ltd. All rights reserved.
Home Macau Our Team Editorial Statute Code of Ethics Archive Archive 2009-2014 Archive 2007-2009 Contacts Extra Times Drive In Book It tTunes Features World of Bacchus Taste of Edesia Search for: FOUNDER & PUBLISHER Kowie Geldenhuys EDITOR-IN-CHIEF Paulo Coutinho Macau, Macau Forum Business China Asia World Sports Interview Editorial Opinion Photo Shop DAILY EDITION 8 hours ago Monday, April 10, 217 – edition no. 2780 EXTRA TIMES 3 days ago Millennials are growing in Vegas – Boomers are remodeling homes MDT LIVE TRACK FEED Live Traffic Stats OTHER ARTICLES Chui gathers with lawmakers to seek Pearl Horizon solution Beijing pushes for flights from Macau to Portuguese-speaking countries US carrier strike group heads toward Korea Air Macau to train ten more local Cadet Pilots Briefs | Anima’s president charged for sharing video of dog abuse LATEST COMMENTS John on Letter to the Editor | Bilinguals’ initial delay ‘is only natural’ L on Aerial photography book launched today Cassandra Fynes on Survey | Hearing health knowledge is ‘insufficient’ Eric on Heritage | Sun Yat Sen memorialized in Macau and China, neglected in HK Tom on This Day in History | 1965 – Millions watch space probe crash into Moon MDT MACAU GRAND PRIX SPECIAL SUBSCRIBE TO MDT NEWSLETTER Email * Home | Business | Markets Wrap| Dollar rises, treasuries retreat as stocks slip Markets Wrap| Dollar rises, treasuries retreat as stocks slip - Monday, April 10, 2017 - 7 hours ago No Comments 340 Views Crude surges on back of Syrian airbase strike U.S. stocks ended a volatile session lower, while the dollar advanced with Treasury yields as investors looked past a U.S. military strike in Syria and worse-than-forecast hiring data. The S&P 500 Index slipped amid volume 15 percent lower than the 30-day average, while the greenback capped its best week in two months. Comments from the Fed Bank of New York president bolstered speculation it bank won’t slow the pace of rate hikes as it trims its balance sheet. The 10-year Treasury yield topped 2.35 percent after falling as low as 2.28 percent amid a weak jobs report and the first military strike undertaken by President Donald Trump’s administration. Financial markets showed resilience in the face of weaker-than-forecast hiring in the world’s largest economy and a ratcheting up of geopolitical tensions, with demand for haven assets abating. Volatility across equity markets came down from highs reached overnight. New York Fed President William Dudley’s comments come two days after Fed meeting minutes signaled officials discussed the timing for shrinking the central bank’s balance sheet as it tightens monetary policy. “I would think we’d be seeing more risk off with everything that could happen into the weekend with Syria, to the continued lengthening of the tax plan timeline, as well as Dudley’s comments,” Andrew Brenner, head of international fixed income for National Alliance Capital Markets, said by phone. “But there’s a short base out there and people are under-invested in equities and very negative, which always keeps a bid into the market.” What investors will be looking out in the coming days: U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson will today [Macau time] attend the Group of Seven gathering in Italy and next week meet with Russian counterpart Sergei Lavrov in Moscow. Argentina, Brazil, Canada, Chile and South Korea are among countries setting interest rates next week. U.S. banks will start reporting first-quarter earnings, led by Citigroup Inc., JPMorgan Chase & Co., and Wells Fargo & Co. Stocks – The S&P 500 fell 0.1 percent to 2,355.58 as of 4 p.m. in New York. Futures fell as much as 0.7 percent in the hour after the attack in Syria. The CBOE Volatility Index rose 3 percent, paring a gain that topped 6 percent. The Stoxx Europe 600 Index added 0.1 percent. Volatility measures from Hong Kong to Europe increased. Currencies – The Bloomberg Dollar Spot Index advanced 0.3 percent, rebounding from earlier losses as it heads for a weekly advance of 0.6 percent. The ruble dropped 1.5 percent. The currency has been trading near the highest since July 2015. President Vladimir Putin believes the U.S. airstrikes caused “considerable damage” to relations with Russia, a Kremlin spokesman said. The yen weakened 0.4 percent to 111.198 after erasing gains of as much as 0.6 percent. The euro slipped 0.3 percent, the British pound dropped 0.6 percent. South Africa’s rand touched the weakest level this year after Fitch Ratings became the second company to cut the country’s credit assessment to junk. It traded at 13.809 per dollar, lower by 0.4 percent. Bonds – The yield on 10-year Treasuries rose four basis points to 2.38 percent after falling as low as 2.28 percent. The yield on the 10-year German benchmark fell four basis points to 0.23 percent. Commodities – West Texas Intermediate crude added 1 percent to settle at USD52.245, after touching the highest in a month. Oil rose about 3 percent for the week. Gold futures rose 0.3 percent to $1,256.90. The metal climbed more than 1 percent earlier in the session to the highest since November, following two days of declines. Asia – Japan’s Topix index climbed 0.7 percent, rebounding after erasing a rally of as much as 1.2 percent during the morning session. The Shanghai Composite Index rose 0.2 percent, giving it a 2 percent gain for the holiday- shortened week. Bloomberg Share this: Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Related Categories Business Share This Post Related Posts Insider Trading | Phil Mickelson’s gambler pal convicted: ‘I’m in total shock’ Ask the Vet | An Introduction to Dog Hearing Real Estate Matters | Clarifying Costs For Buyers Guitars oust minarets as Hard Rock redoes Taj Mahal casino  No Comments Cancel Reply Notify me of follow-up comments by email. Notify me of new posts by email. Copyright © Macau Daily Times 2008-2017. All Rights Reserved Contact our Administrator Contact our Director Contacts Contact for Subscriptions and Issues Contact Our Advertising Department Contact Our Managing Editor Contact Our Newsroom Contact Our Newsroom Secretary Home Our Team Search results Editorial Statute Code of Ethics Subscribe to the MDT Newsletter Join our mailing list to receive the latest breaking news and updates from our team. SUBSCRIBE! You have Successfully Subscribed!
T20CRICKET LEAGUE Firstpost . Monday, April 10, 2017Latest E-bookSwitch to हिन्दी SportsTracker From aerodynamics to tyres, all F1 rule changes for 2017 season explained Front Page Politics PDP appeals to EC to postpone Anantnag bypoll amid violence in Jammu and Kashmir Yogi Adityanath govt starts work on 6 Aiims, 25 new medical colleges Kashmir bypolls: Srinagar violence, abysmal voter turnout reflects erosion of democratic space in the Valley RK Nagar bypoll: P Chidambaram taunts Modi over demonetisation, says black money still being used EC decision to postpone RK Nagar bypolls is an admission that it cannot police Tamil Nadu Yogi Adityanath's crackdown on abattoirs: Religionising of plates must be countered by constitutional checks Sports Mahesh Bhupathi has opened a can of worms, Leander Paes' Davis Cup era looks set to end IPL 2017: Mahela Jayawardene says Mumbai Indians showed character and quality to beat KKR Premier League: Zlatan Ibrahimovic says he feels like Benjamin Button after scoring 28th goal of season Premier League: Zlatan Ibrahimovic shines as Manchester United defeat struggling Sunderland Davis Cup: India thrash Uzbekistan in second round, advance to World Group playoffs West Indies vs Pakistan, 2nd ODI: Hasan Ali, Babar Azam power visitors to a 74-run win, parity in series India Yogi Adityanath govt starts work on 6 Aiims, 25 new medical colleges Jishnu Pranoy's family calls off hunger strike, but case against Kerala govt will continue Petrol pumps threaten 'weekly off' every Sunday from 10 May as govt yet to decide on higher commission Opposition parties to collectively knock on EC's door over alleged EVM tampering in polls Sheikh Hasina in India: Symbolism aside, will the visit improve bilateral ties, address critical issues? Australian PM Malcolm Turnbull on four-day visit to India: Defence, energy likely to top agenda World 45 killed in attack on Egypt's Coptic Christians: All you need to know about the community Germany introduces new measures to promote voluntary returns of asylum seekers Pakistan PM Nawaz Sharif bars his partymen from commenting on Gen Raheel Sharif Australian PM Malcolm Turnbull on four-day visit to India: Defence, energy likely to top agenda Donald Trump's policy shift on Syria rekindles glimmer of hope for millions of refugees Egypt churches attacked: Emergency imposed as 44 killed in suicide bombing, Islamic State claims responsibility Business Petrol pumps threaten 'weekly off' every Sunday from 10 May as govt yet to decide on higher commission Cairn Energy gets fresh demand notice from tax dept, this time for Rs 10,247 cr Farm loan waiver: Can Devendra Fadnavis walk his talk post Yogi Adityanath’s googly? Snapdeal may not fit into Flipkart's biz strategy, but 3 other options Kunal Bahl can look into China set to be India’s fastest growing FDI partner, leaps from 35th to 17th spot in 5 years Demonetisation: Declare loan, credit card payments above Rs 2 lakh in cash in tax returns Life Puducherry: There's more to this sleepy town than Auroville and the Shri Aurobindo Ashram Great Barrier Reef: No chance of recovery for corals in Australia after consecutive years of bleaching Women in the workplace: Dealing with micro-aggression and micro-invalidation Zanzibar: The tropical paradise David Livingstone called 'the most beautiful place on Earth' Cali: How I conquered my two left feet in Colombia's 'salsa capital' At the 2016 Rio Summer Olympics, why the Refugee Team represented a major triumph Entertainment Begum Jaan declared tax-free in Jharkhand for promotion of state as film destination Naam Shabana banned in Pakistan after distributors showed 'unfit scenes' on terrorism Arjun Rampal denies reports of assaulting fan in New Delhi club, dubs it as 'fake news' Anuskha Sharma's neighbour files complaint with BMC against actress' 'illegal' electrical installation Aamir Khan's Secret Superstar release pushed to Diwali, will now clash with Rajinikanth's 2.0 Sholay: Karnataka tourism to bring film scenes to life using 3D virtual reality technology Photos Videos TECH2 FAKING NEWS हिंदी IPL 2017 You are here: Latest News Fwire News Investors look to global growth for earnings power | Reuters Investors look to global growth for earnings power | Reuters ReutersApr, 10 2017 05:15:06 IST #Reuters By Caroline Valetkevitch | NEW YORK NEW YORK America First may be a main policy of the White House and fuel to the stock market rally but U.S. investors are looking overseas for stronger earnings as S&P 500 companies are set to report their first quarter of double-digit profit gains since 2014.A strong earnings season would help justify pricey stock valuations, with the S&P 500 rallying this month to its most expensive since 2004 on a forward price-to-earnings basis.While the U.S. economy has gotten a lot of attention since the Nov. 8 election and President Donald Trump's vows to boost the domestic economy, data during the quarter has suggested the global economy is strengthening.That is welcome news for S&P components, since nearly half of their sales come from overseas.Shares of the biggest U.S. companies, which tend to have the most overseas exposure, have been among the strongest performers over the past several weeks. For instance, the S&P 500 .SPX has outperformed its average stock .SPXEW this year since mid-February, after performing mostly in line at the beginning of the year. [www.bit.ly/2oQPVXF]"The fact that we're seeing stabilization in the global community will bode well for multinational companies and help earnings for the first quarter," said Terry Sandven, senior equity strategist at U.S. Bank Wealth Management in Minneapolis."You've also seen the dollar not appreciate as much as many had forecast a quarter ago, so multinational companies may get some relief on the (foreign exchange) line," he said.A weaker dollar boosts offshore revenues when they are translated into the U.S. currency. The U.S. dollar index .DXY was down 1.8 percent in the first quarter, but it was still cheaper during last year's first quarter. STRONGER DATA AS EARNINGS LOOM A survey this week showed euro zone business activity at a six-year high. Forecasts from the International Monetary Fund show a pickup in the global economy in 2017 and 2018, especially in developing economies.However, some investors worry multinationals may have already priced in big gains in earnings."As long as nothing changes, these firms are going to be fine," said Jack Ablin, chief investment officer at BMO Private Bank in Chicago, speaking of the strength of the largest American companies. He warned, however, that stock prices may have taken in any good news. "The market has certainly fully discounted all that."The U.S. earnings season gets under way next week, with results from banks JPMorgan Chase (JPM.N), Wells Fargo (WFC.N) and Citigroup (C.N) among others.The financial sector is projected to post a 15.4 percent profit gain, second only to energy among S&P sectors.Energy companies, which carried most of the losses that extended an S&P 500 earnings recession until the second quarter of last year, are expected to do most of the heavy lifting this earnings season with a whopping 600 percent increase. For the entire S&P 500, analysts are projecting earnings up 10.1 percent compared with a year ago, which would be the first double-digit increase since the third quarter of 2014, according to Thomson Reuters data.Excluding the energy sector, S&P 500 earnings are expected to be up 6.1 percent.Revenue is expected to have jumped 7 percent, the most since 2011, which should help compensate for higher wage and other costs facing companies, strategists said."We're seeing revenues contribute materially more to that bottom-line growth," said Patrick Palfrey, senior equity strategist at RBC Capital Markets in New York.Big profit gains are expected in technology and materials as well, the data showed."It comes down to a synchronized global economic acceleration ...; a rebound and stabilization in commodity prices and a higher interest rate environment," Palfrey said. (Reporting by Caroline Valetkevitch; Editing by Rodrigo Campos and James Dalgleish) This story has not been edited by Firstpost staff and is generated by auto-feed. #Reuters Published Date: Apr 10, 2017 05:15 am | Updated Date: Apr 10, 2017 05:15 am Also See Pirates hijack Indian vessel off coast of Somalia | Reuters As Israeli settlement growth slows, some drift away | Reuters Another train derails at New York's Penn Station, one injured | Reuters Under pressure, Snapdeal woos staff with promises of profit | Reuters T20 LEAGUE SCHEDULE Match Date Details 1 Apr 10 KXIP Vs RCB 2 Apr 11 RPS Vs DD 3 Apr 12 MI Vs SRH 4 Apr 13 KKR Vs KXIP 5 Apr 14 RCB Vs MI Full Schedule Top Stories Yogi Adityanath's crackdown on abattoirs: Religionising of plates must be countered by constitutional checks EC Behaving Like Dhritarashtra to Help Duryodhan, Says Arvind Kejriwal Sheikh Hasina in India: Symbolism aside, will the visit improve bilateral ties, address critical issues? IPL 2017: Nervy Kolkata Knight Riders displayed art of losing, but Manish Pandey's batting a positive How your debt fund portfolio gets impacted due to changes in debt markets Aadhaar-PAN linking: Govt proposes changes to ease process but renders it futile; here's why Aamir Khan's Secret Superstar release pushed to Diwali, will now clash with Rajinikanth's 2.0 Cricket Scores Current & Recent Upcoming Indian Premier League, 2017 MUM Vs KOL Mumbai Indians beat Kolkata Knight Riders by 4 wickets Pakistan in West Indies, 3 ODI Series, 2017 WI Vs PAK Pakistan beat West Indies by 74 runs Indian Premier League, 2017 HYD Vs GUJ Sunrisers Hyderabad beat Gujarat Lions by 9 wickets Indian Premier League, 2017 BLR Vs DEL Royal Challengers Bangalore beat Delhi Daredevils by 15 runs Indian Premier League, 2017 PUN Vs PNE Kings XI Punjab beat Rising Pune Supergiant by 6 wickets Indian Premier League, 2017 GUJ Vs KOL Kolkata Knight Riders beat Gujarat Lions by 10 wickets Pakistan in West Indies, 3 ODI Series, 2017 WI Vs PAK West Indies beat Pakistan by 4 wickets Indian Premier League, 2017 PNE Vs MUM Rising Pune Supergiant beat Mumbai Indians by 7 wickets Bangladesh in Sri Lanka, 2 T20 International Series, 2017 SL Vs BAN Bangladesh beat Sri Lanka by 45 runs Indian Premier League, 2017 HYD Vs BLR Sunrisers Hyderabad beat Royal Challengers Bangalore by 35 runs Indian Premier League, 2017 PUN vs BLR - Apr 10th, 2017, 08:00 PM IST Pakistan in West Indies, 3 ODI Series, 2017 WI vs PAK - Apr 11th, 2017, 07:00 PM IST Indian Premier League, 2017 PNE vs DEL - Apr 11th, 2017, 08:00 PM IST Papua New Guinea in United Arab Emirates, 3 T20 International Series, 2017 UAE vs PNG - Apr 12th, 2017, 11:30 AM IST Indian Premier League, 2017 MUM vs HYD - Apr 12th, 2017, 08:00 PM IST Indian Premier League, 2017 KOL vs PUN - Apr 13th, 2017, 08:00 PM IST Papua New Guinea in United Arab Emirates, 3 T20 International Series, 2017 UAE vs PNG - Apr 14th, 2017, 11:30 AM IST Indian Premier League, 2017 BLR vs MUM - Apr 14th, 2017, 04:00 PM IST Papua New Guinea in United Arab Emirates, 3 T20 International Series, 2017 UAE vs PNG - Apr 14th, 2017, 07:00 PM IST Indian Premier League, 2017 GUJ vs PNE - Apr 14th, 2017, 08:00 PM IST Site Index हिंदी फर्स्टपोस्ट About Firstpost Newsletter RSS Twitter Facebook Sections Front Page Politics Sports India World Business Life Entertainment Photos Videos Plus India Open 2017 New Delhi Mumbai Photos Videos FP Exclusives Cartoons Video Room eBooks Weather Others Sample Papers Online Business Technology News MTV India Online Shopping in India Indian Premier League 2017 Assembly Election Results 2017 Weather E-Learning Franchise Opportunity Tools RSS Feeds Apps iOS Android Copyright © 2017. Firstpost - All Rights Reserved. Terms of usePrivacy
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Pentair plc. Ordinary Share - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Pentair plc. Ordinary Share with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Kentucky Retirement Systems Acquires Shares of 12,133 Pentair plc. Ordinary Share (PNR) Kentucky Retirement Systems Purchases Shares of 12,401 Centene Corp (CNC) Kentucky Retirement Systems Insurance Trust Fund Acquires Shares of 2,786 Cintas Co. (CTAS) Kentucky Retirement Systems Purchases Shares of 55,304 Honeywell International Inc. (HON) Red Rock Resorts Inc (RRR) Position Raised by Teachers Advisors LLC Surgery Partners (SGRY) Given Daily News Impact Rating of 0.56 Select Comfort Corp. (SCSS) Getting Positive Media Coverage, Analysis Shows Nuveen AMT-Free Municipal Credit Income Fund (NVG) Earning Positive News Coverage, Study Shows Nevro Corp (NVRO) Earning Very Positive Media Coverage, Study Shows Neuroderm (NDRM) Receives News Impact Score of -0.12 Avista Healthcare Public Acquisiton Corp’s Lock-Up Period To Expire Tomorrow (NASDAQ:AHPAU) Extraction Oil & Gas Inc’s Lock-Up Period Will End Tomorrow (NYSE:XOG) Silver Wheaton Corp. Sees Unusually Large Options Volume (SLW) Southwestern Energy Company Sees Unusually High Options Volume (SWN) UBS Asset Management Americas Inc. Cuts Stake in Assurant, Inc. (AIZ) UBS Asset Management Americas Inc. Has $42,550,000 Position in BCE Inc. (BCE) UBS Asset Management Americas Inc. Has $42,280,000 Position in Invesco Ltd. (IVZ) Honeywell International Inc. (HON) Shares Bought by Whalerock Point Partners LLC Perigon Wealth Management LLC Has $3,328,000 Position in United Technologies Co. (UTX) Teachers Advisors LLC Buys 92,102 Shares of Skyworks Solutions Inc (SWKS) Kentucky Retirement Systems Acquires Shares of 12,133 Pentair plc. Ordinary Share (PNR) April 9th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Latisha Jones Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Kentucky Retirement Systems acquired a new stake in shares of Pentair plc. Ordinary Share (NYSE:PNR) during the fourth quarter, according to its most recent disclosure with the Securities and Exchange Commission. The firm acquired 12,133 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $680,000. A number of other hedge funds have also modified their holdings of PNR. Global X Management Co. LLC raised its stake in shares of Pentair plc. Ordinary Share by 76.5% in the third quarter. Global X Management Co. LLC now owns 1,957 shares of the company’s stock valued at $126,000 after buying an additional 848 shares during the last quarter. Wrapmanager Inc. raised its stake in shares of Pentair plc. Ordinary Share by 2.3% in the fourth quarter. Wrapmanager Inc. now owns 3,663 shares of the company’s stock valued at $205,000 after buying an additional 83 shares during the last quarter. Creative Planning raised its stake in shares of Pentair plc. Ordinary Share by 9.4% in the third quarter. Creative Planning now owns 4,102 shares of the company’s stock valued at $263,000 after buying an additional 354 shares during the last quarter. Bradley Foster & Sargent Inc. CT acquired a new stake in shares of Pentair plc. Ordinary Share during the third quarter valued at approximately $272,000. Finally, Kohmann Bosshard Financial Services LLC acquired a new stake in shares of Pentair plc. Ordinary Share during the fourth quarter valued at approximately $274,000. 90.30% of the stock is currently owned by institutional investors. Pentair plc. Ordinary Share (NYSE:PNR) opened at 62.79 on Friday. The company’s 50-day moving average price is $59.55 and its 200-day moving average price is $58.97. Pentair plc. Ordinary Share has a 12 month low of $50.37 and a 12 month high of $66.99. The stock has a market cap of $11.41 billion, a P/E ratio of 21.99 and a beta of 1.45. Pentair plc. Ordinary Share (NYSE:PNR) last released its earnings results on Tuesday, January 31st. The company reported $0.78 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, topping the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of $0.73 by $0.05. Pentair plc. Ordinary Share had a return on equity of 14.89% and a net margin of 9.15%. The company had revenue of $1.19 billion for the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $1.21 billion. During the same quarter in the previous year, the firm posted $0.88 EPS. The firm’s quarterly revenue was down 7.8% on a year-over-year basis. Equities analysts forecast that Pentair plc. Ordinary Share will post $3.47 earnings per share for the current year. The firm also recently announced a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Friday, May 5th. Shareholders of record on Friday, April 21st will be given a dividend of $0.345 per share. This represents a $1.38 annualized dividend and a yield of 2.20%. The ex-dividend date is Wednesday, April 19th. Pentair plc. Ordinary Share’s payout ratio is 48.42%. WARNING: “Kentucky Retirement Systems Acquires Shares of 12,133 Pentair plc. Ordinary Share (PNR)” was reported by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are accessing this article on another website, it was illegally stolen and reposted in violation of US and international trademark and copyright laws. The original version of this article can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/09/kentucky-retirement-systems-acquires-shares-of-12133-pentair-plc-ordinary-share-pnr.html. PNR has been the topic of several research analyst reports. Vertical Research raised Pentair plc. Ordinary Share from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating in a report on Monday, January 23rd. Royal Bank of Canada reissued a “buy” rating and issued a $66.00 price objective on shares of Pentair plc. Ordinary Share in a report on Tuesday, January 3rd. Sanford C. Bernstein reissued an “outperform” rating on shares of Pentair plc. Ordinary Share in a report on Thursday, December 15th. Finally, JPMorgan Chase & Co. raised Pentair plc. Ordinary Share from a “neutral” rating to an “overweight” rating and raised their price objective for the company from $56.00 to $68.00 in a report on Friday, January 13th. One investment analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, ten have assigned a hold rating and six have assigned a buy rating to the company’s stock. Pentair plc. Ordinary Share currently has an average rating of “Hold” and an average target price of $65.07. About Pentair plc. Ordinary Share Pentair, Inc (Pentair) is a focused diversified industrial manufacturing company. The Company operates in two segments: Water & Fluid Solutions and Technical Products. Water & Fluid Solutions is providing products and systems used worldwide in the movement, storage and treatment of water. Technical Products is engaged in the global enclosures and thermal management markets, designing and manufacturing standard, modified and custom enclosures that house and protect sensitive electronics and electrical components and protect the people that use them. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding PNR? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Pentair plc. Ordinary Share (NYSE:PNR). Receive News & Ratings for Pentair plc. Ordinary Share Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Pentair plc. Ordinary Share and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Government Wants to Know Trump Critic on Twitter Susan Rice Denies leaking Names of Officials in Intelligence Reports Senate Facing Showdown over Nomination of Neil Gorsuch Ex-Trump Advisor Michael Flynn Seeking Immunity Challenges on Rollback of Climate Policies to Come © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Wendys Co - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Wendys Co with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Wendys (WEN) to Buyback $150 million in Outstanding Stock $0.00 in Sales Expected for Alon USA Partners LP (ALDW) This Quarter $224.1 Million in Sales Expected for Interface, Inc. (TILE) This Quarter Analysts Anticipate Mondelez International Inc (MDLZ) Will Post Quarterly Sales of $6.38 Billion $0.00 in Sales Expected for Alamos Gold Inc (US) (AGI) This Quarter Kentucky Retirement Systems Acquires Shares of 12,133 Pentair plc. Ordinary Share (PNR) Kentucky Retirement Systems Purchases Shares of 12,401 Centene Corp (CNC) Kentucky Retirement Systems Insurance Trust Fund Acquires Shares of 2,786 Cintas Co. (CTAS) Kentucky Retirement Systems Purchases Shares of 55,304 Honeywell International Inc. (HON) Red Rock Resorts Inc (RRR) Position Raised by Teachers Advisors LLC Surgery Partners (SGRY) Given Daily News Impact Rating of 0.56 Select Comfort Corp. (SCSS) Getting Positive Media Coverage, Analysis Shows Nuveen AMT-Free Municipal Credit Income Fund (NVG) Earning Positive News Coverage, Study Shows Nevro Corp (NVRO) Earning Very Positive Media Coverage, Study Shows Neuroderm (NDRM) Receives News Impact Score of -0.12 Avista Healthcare Public Acquisiton Corp’s Lock-Up Period To Expire Tomorrow (NASDAQ:AHPAU) Extraction Oil & Gas Inc’s Lock-Up Period Will End Tomorrow (NYSE:XOG) Silver Wheaton Corp. Sees Unusually Large Options Volume (SLW) Southwestern Energy Company Sees Unusually High Options Volume (SWN) UBS Asset Management Americas Inc. Cuts Stake in Assurant, Inc. (AIZ) Wendys (WEN) to Buyback $150 million in Outstanding Stock April 9th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Patrick Bannon Filed Under: Finance Tweet Wendys (NASDAQ:WEN) announced that its Board of Directors has initiated a share buyback plan, which allows the company to repurchase $150 million in shares on Thursday, February 16th, EventVestor reports. This repurchase authorization allows the company to reacquire up to 4.3% of its shares through open market purchases. Shares repurchase plans are usually an indication that the company’s board believes its stock is undervalued. Shares of Wendys (NASDAQ:WEN) opened at 13.67 on Friday. The stock’s 50 day moving average price is $13.68 and its 200 day moving average price is $12.52. Wendys has a 12-month low of $9.15 and a 12-month high of $14.47. The company has a market capitalization of $3.38 billion, a PE ratio of 27.90 and a beta of 0.97. Wendys (NASDAQ:WEN) last posted its quarterly earnings results on Thursday, February 16th. The company reported $0.08 earnings per share for the quarter, missing the consensus estimate of $0.09 by $0.01. The firm had revenue of $309.90 million for the quarter. Wendys had a return on equity of 16.62% and a net margin of 11.74%. The business’s revenue for the quarter was down 33.3% compared to the same quarter last year. During the same period last year, the firm earned $0.12 EPS. On average, equities research analysts forecast that Wendys will post $0.46 earnings per share for the current year. The company also recently declared a quarterly dividend, which was paid on Wednesday, March 15th. Stockholders of record on Wednesday, March 1st were paid a dividend of $0.07 per share. This is an increase from Wendys’s previous quarterly dividend of $0.07. The ex-dividend date was Monday, February 27th. This represents a $0.28 annualized dividend and a dividend yield of 2.05%. Wendys’s dividend payout ratio is presently 38.24%. WEN has been the subject of a number of analyst reports. Wedbush reaffirmed a “neutral” rating and issued a $14.00 price target on shares of Wendys in a research note on Sunday, February 19th. Zacks Investment Research raised Wendys from a “sell” rating to a “hold” rating in a research note on Thursday, February 2nd. JPMorgan Chase & Co. raised Wendys from a “neutral” rating to an “overweight” rating and set a $15.00 price target for the company in a research note on Friday, February 24th. Royal Bank of Canada reaffirmed a “sector perform” rating and issued a $14.00 price target on shares of Wendys in a research note on Monday, February 13th. Finally, Stephens reaffirmed an “overweight” rating and issued a $15.00 price target on shares of Wendys in a research note on Monday, December 19th. Ten equities research analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and five have issued a buy rating to the company’s stock. The stock presently has an average rating of “Hold” and a consensus price target of $13.77. TRADEMARK VIOLATION WARNING: This story was originally posted by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are reading this story on another website, it was illegally copied and reposted in violation of US and international copyright and trademark laws. The original version of this story can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/09/wendys-wen-to-buyback-150-million-in-outstanding-stock.html. About Wendys The Wendy’s Company is the parent company of its subsidiary holding company Wendy’s Restaurants, LLC (Wendy’s Restaurants). Wendy’s Restaurants is the parent company of Wendy’s International, LLC (Wendy’s), which is the owner and franchisor of the Wendy’s restaurant system in the United States. Wendy’s is the restaurant company specializing in the hamburger sandwich segment. Receive News & Ratings for Wendys Co Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Wendys Co and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Government Wants to Know Trump Critic on Twitter Susan Rice Denies leaking Names of Officials in Intelligence Reports Senate Facing Showdown over Nomination of Neil Gorsuch Ex-Trump Advisor Michael Flynn Seeking Immunity Challenges on Rollback of Climate Policies to Come © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Navient Corp - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Navient Corp with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Integrated Investment Consultants LLC Holds Position in U.S. Bancorp (USB) Home Depot (HD) to Buyback $15 billion in Shares Hospitality Properties Trust (HPT) Shares Sold by Foundry Partners LLC Marten Transport, Ltd (MRTN) Shares Sold by Foundry Partners LLC Affiliated Managers Group (AMG) Board Initiates Stock Repurchase Plan GlaxoSmithKline plc (GSK) Stake Held by Integrated Investment Consultants LLC Sterling Construction Company, Inc. (STRL) Position Decreased by Foundry Partners LLC Hilltop Holdings (HTH) to Buyback $50 million in Outstanding Shares Integrated Investment Consultants LLC Has $119,000 Position in Equinix, Inc. (EQIX) Park National Corp OH Reduces Position in Navient Corp (NAVI) Park National Corp OH Continues to Hold Position in Humana Inc (HUM) Zacks: Analysts Expect Ingersoll-Rand PLC (IR) Will Announce Quarterly Sales of $2.92 Billion CyrusOne Inc (CONE) Expected to Announce Quarterly Sales of $150.63 Million Brokerages Anticipate Israel Chemicals Ltd. (ICL) Will Announce Quarterly Sales of $0.00 TriNet Group (TNET) Receives Daily News Impact Rating of 0.39 Highbridge Capital Management LLC Decreases Position in BJ's Restaurants, Inc. (BJRI) Macquarie Group Ltd. Acquires 39,057 Shares of ExlService Holdings, Inc. (EXLS) Steel Dynamics, Inc. (STLD) Shares Bought by Macquarie Group Ltd. Macquarie Group Ltd. Sells 8,058 Shares of Kirby Co. (KEX) Macquarie Group Ltd. Has $28,703,000 Position in Duke Realty Corp (DRE) Park National Corp OH Reduces Position in Navient Corp (NAVI) April 9th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Stacy Sanders Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Park National Corp OH decreased its position in shares of Navient Corp (NASDAQ:NAVI) by 14.2% during the first quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The firm owned 12,075 shares of the company’s stock after selling 2,000 shares during the period. Park National Corp OH’s holdings in Navient Corp were worth $179,000 as of its most recent SEC filing. Other large investors also recently modified their holdings of the company. WFG Advisors LP bought a new stake in shares of Navient Corp during the fourth quarter worth about $132,000. Toronto Dominion Bank raised its stake in Navient Corp by 397.4% in the third quarter. Toronto Dominion Bank now owns 9,376 shares of the company’s stock valued at $135,000 after buying an additional 7,491 shares during the last quarter. Moore Capital Management LP acquired a new stake in Navient Corp during the third quarter valued at about $150,000. Thrivent Financial for Lutherans raised its stake in Navient Corp by 0.9% in the fourth quarter. Thrivent Financial for Lutherans now owns 10,420 shares of the company’s stock valued at $171,000 after buying an additional 90 shares during the last quarter. Finally, Cigna Investments Inc. New acquired a new stake in Navient Corp during the fourth quarter valued at about $182,000. 93.89% of the stock is owned by institutional investors. Navient Corp (NASDAQ:NAVI) opened at 14.68 on Friday. The company has a market cap of $4.27 billion, a P/E ratio of 6.92 and a beta of 2.57. The company has a 50-day moving average of $15.01 and a 200 day moving average of $15.29. Navient Corp has a one year low of $11.01 and a one year high of $17.95. Navient Corp (NASDAQ:NAVI) last issued its earnings results on Tuesday, January 24th. The company reported $0.43 EPS for the quarter, missing the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of $0.44 by $0.01. Navient Corp had a net margin of 13.72% and a return on equity of 15.65%. During the same quarter in the prior year, the company posted $0.49 earnings per share. Equities research analysts predict that Navient Corp will post $1.83 EPS for the current year. The company also recently announced a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Friday, June 16th. Shareholders of record on Friday, June 2nd will be paid a $0.16 dividend. This represents a $0.64 annualized dividend and a yield of 4.36%. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Wednesday, May 31st. Navient Corp’s payout ratio is presently 30.19%. TRADEMARK VIOLATION NOTICE: This article was posted by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are reading this article on another site, it was illegally copied and republished in violation of U.S. and international copyright & trademark laws. The original version of this article can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/09/park-national-corp-oh-reduces-position-in-navient-corp-navi.html. Several equities research analysts recently issued reports on the stock. Barclays PLC reaffirmed a “buy” rating on shares of Navient Corp in a research note on Friday, January 27th. Zacks Investment Research raised shares of Navient Corp from a “sell” rating to a “hold” rating in a research note on Tuesday, December 13th. Keefe, Bruyette & Woods set a $20.00 price objective on shares of Navient Corp and gave the company a “buy” rating in a research note on Thursday. JPMorgan Chase & Co. lowered shares of Navient Corp from an “overweight” rating to a “neutral” rating and set a $19.00 price objective for the company. in a research note on Tuesday, January 17th. Finally, Credit Suisse Group AG lowered shares of Navient Corp from an “outperform” rating to a “neutral” rating and reduced their price objective for the company from $18.50 to $18.00 in a research note on Wednesday, January 4th. Seven research analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and four have issued a buy rating to the company. The stock has an average rating of “Hold” and an average price target of $17.32. Navient Corp Company Profile Navient Corporation is a loan management, servicing and asset recovery company. The Company holds the portfolio of education loans insured or guaranteed under the Federal Family Education Loan Program (FFELP), as well as the portfolio of Private Education Loans. FFELP Loans are insured or guaranteed by state based on guaranty agreements among the United States Department of Education (ED) and these agencies. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding NAVI? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Navient Corp (NASDAQ:NAVI). Receive News & Ratings for Navient Corp Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Navient Corp and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Government Wants to Know Trump Critic on Twitter Susan Rice Denies leaking Names of Officials in Intelligence Reports Senate Facing Showdown over Nomination of Neil Gorsuch Ex-Trump Advisor Michael Flynn Seeking Immunity Challenges on Rollback of Climate Policies to Come © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Invesco Ltd. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Invesco Ltd. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News UBS Asset Management Americas Inc. Cuts Stake in Assurant, Inc. (AIZ) UBS Asset Management Americas Inc. Has $42,550,000 Position in BCE Inc. (BCE) UBS Asset Management Americas Inc. Has $42,280,000 Position in Invesco Ltd. (IVZ) Honeywell International Inc. (HON) Shares Bought by Whalerock Point Partners LLC Perigon Wealth Management LLC Has $3,328,000 Position in United Technologies Co. (UTX) Teachers Advisors LLC Buys 92,102 Shares of Skyworks Solutions Inc (SWKS) Care.com (CRCM) Getting Very Positive Media Coverage, Analysis Finds Very Positive Media Coverage Extremely Likely to Impact Callaway Golf (ELY) Stock Price Zacks: Analysts Expect Vodafone Group Plc (VOD) Will Announce Quarterly Sales of $0.00 $0.00 in Sales Expected for Napco Security Technologies Inc (NSSC) This Quarter $0.00 in Sales Expected for Novogen Limited (NVGN) This Quarter Short Interest in Computer Task Group, Inc. (CTG) Drops By 24.6% Norges Bank Purchases Shares of 447,978 Stifel Financial Corp (SF) Quadrature Capital Ltd Acquires New Stake in AMC Entertainment Holdings Inc (AMC) MSG Networks Inc (MSGN) Position Boosted by Quadrature Capital Ltd River & Mercantile Asset Management LLP Buys New Position in UnitedHealth Group Inc (UNH) Quadrature Capital Ltd Takes Position in Advance Auto Parts, Inc. (AAP) Quadrature Capital Ltd Acquires Shares of 5,841 Willis Towers Watson PLC (WLTW) Norges Bank Acquires Shares of 1,349,284 KBR, Inc. (KBR) PLDT (PHI) Getting Favorable News Coverage, AlphaOne Reports UBS Asset Management Americas Inc. Has $42,280,000 Position in Invesco Ltd. (IVZ) April 9th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Latisha Jones Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet UBS Asset Management Americas Inc. increased its position in shares of Invesco Ltd. (NYSE:IVZ) by 6.5% during the fourth quarter, according to its most recent disclosure with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). The fund owned 1,393,515 shares of the company’s stock after buying an additional 85,041 shares during the period. UBS Asset Management Americas Inc. owned approximately 0.35% of Invesco worth $42,280,000 at the end of the most recent reporting period. Several other hedge funds also recently added to or reduced their stakes in the stock. Virtus Investment Advisers Inc. bought a new stake in Invesco during the third quarter worth $107,000. Global X Management Co. LLC raised its stake in Invesco by 111.2% in the third quarter. Global X Management Co. LLC now owns 3,605 shares of the company’s stock worth $113,000 after buying an additional 1,898 shares during the period. Ropes Wealth Advisors LLC raised its stake in Invesco by 8.6% in the third quarter. Ropes Wealth Advisors LLC now owns 4,754 shares of the company’s stock worth $149,000 after buying an additional 377 shares during the period. Bessemer Group Inc. raised its stake in Invesco by 99.8% in the fourth quarter. Bessemer Group Inc. now owns 5,110 shares of the company’s stock worth $155,000 after buying an additional 2,552 shares during the period. Finally, SRB Corp raised its stake in Invesco by 7.1% in the third quarter. SRB Corp now owns 5,105 shares of the company’s stock worth $160,000 after buying an additional 340 shares during the period. 80.85% of the stock is owned by hedge funds and other institutional investors. Invesco Ltd. (NYSE:IVZ) opened at 30.37 on Friday. The stock has a market cap of $12.26 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 14.74 and a beta of 1.82. The firm’s 50-day moving average price is $31.82 and its 200 day moving average price is $30.99. Invesco Ltd. has a 12 month low of $23.01 and a 12 month high of $33.46. Invesco (NYSE:IVZ) last announced its quarterly earnings data on Thursday, January 26th. The company reported $0.59 EPS for the quarter, beating the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of $0.58 by $0.01. The company had revenue of $1.19 billion for the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $867.07 million. Invesco had a return on equity of 11.79% and a net margin of 18.04%. Invesco’s quarterly revenue was down 3.6% on a year-over-year basis. During the same quarter in the prior year, the company posted $0.58 EPS. On average, analysts anticipate that Invesco Ltd. will post $2.41 earnings per share for the current year. WARNING: “UBS Asset Management Americas Inc. Has $42,280,000 Position in Invesco Ltd. (IVZ)” was posted by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are viewing this story on another website, it was copied illegally and republished in violation of United States & international copyright and trademark law. The correct version of this story can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/09/ubs-asset-management-americas-inc-has-42280000-position-in-invesco-ltd-ivz.html. A number of analysts recently commented on the company. Credit Suisse Group AG reaffirmed a “hold” rating and issued a $34.00 price target on shares of Invesco in a research note on Friday. Jefferies Group LLC reaffirmed a “buy” rating and issued a $33.00 price target on shares of Invesco in a research note on Thursday. Zacks Investment Research raised Invesco from a “sell” rating to a “hold” rating in a research note on Wednesday, December 21st. JPMorgan Chase & Co. reaffirmed an “overweight” rating on shares of Invesco in a research note on Thursday, January 12th. Finally, Goldman Sachs Group Inc raised Invesco from a “neutral” rating to a “conviction-buy” rating and raised their price target for the stock from $30.00 to $37.00 in a research note on Wednesday, March 15th. Five analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating, seven have issued a buy rating and one has given a strong buy rating to the company. The stock has an average rating of “Buy” and a consensus target price of $35.00. About Invesco Invesco Ltd. (Invesco) is an independent investment management company. The Company provides a range of investment capabilities and outcomes, which are delivered through a set of investment vehicles, to help clients achieve their investment objectives. It has a presence in the retail and institutional markets within the investment management industry in North America; Europe, Middle East and Africa (EMEA), and Asia-Pacific. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding IVZ? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Invesco Ltd. (NYSE:IVZ). Receive News & Ratings for Invesco Ltd. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Invesco Ltd. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Government Wants to Know Trump Critic on Twitter Susan Rice Denies leaking Names of Officials in Intelligence Reports Senate Facing Showdown over Nomination of Neil Gorsuch Ex-Trump Advisor Michael Flynn Seeking Immunity Challenges on Rollback of Climate Policies to Come © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance McKesson Co. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for McKesson Co. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Northern Trust Co. (NTRS) Shares Sold by West Oak Capital LLC McKesson Co. (MCK) Stake Boosted by West Oak Capital LLC Acropolis Investment Management LLC Has $892,000 Position in Estee Lauder Companies Inc (EL) Capital One Financial Corp. (COF) Position Decreased by Acropolis Investment Management LLC Acropolis Investment Management LLC Boosts Stake in Whole Foods Market, Inc. (WFM) Kroger Co (KR) Stake Reduced by Acropolis Investment Management LLC Catawba Capital Management VA Acquires 1,017 Shares of Duke Energy Corp (DUK) Catawba Capital Management VA Reduces Position in Baxter International Inc (BAX) Chubb Ltd (CB) Shares Sold by Catawba Capital Management VA Allstate Corp (ALL) Stake Increased by Catawba Capital Management VA Catawba Capital Management VA Raises Position in L3 Technologies Inc (LLL) Xylem Inc Forecasted to Post FY2019 Earnings of $3.05 Per Share (XYL) Quaker Chemical Corp (KWR) to Post FY2018 Earnings of $5.80 Per Share, Jefferies Group Forecasts Profire Energy, Inc. (PFIE) Director Harold Albert Sells 12,700 Shares of Stock Birchcliff Energy Ltd. (BIR) Insider Bruno P. Geremia Purchases 2,000 Shares of Stock Leidos Holdings, Inc. (LDOS) Stake Cut by Catawba Capital Management VA Continental Gold Inc (CNL) Director Christopher Joseph Sattler Buys 6,000 Shares Hewlett Packard Enterprise Co (HPE) Forecasted to Post FY2019 Earnings of $1.50 Per Share Imperial Capital Brokers Reduce Earnings Estimates for Delta Air Lines, Inc. (DAL) Equities Analysts Issue Forecasts for Abeona Therapeutics Inc’s FY2018 Earnings (ABEO) McKesson Co. (MCK) Stake Boosted by West Oak Capital LLC April 6th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Patrick Bannon Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet West Oak Capital LLC raised its stake in McKesson Co. (NYSE:MCK) by 6.7% during the first quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The institutional investor owned 1,707 shares of the company’s stock after buying an additional 107 shares during the period. West Oak Capital LLC’s holdings in McKesson were worth $253,000 as of its most recent filing with the SEC. A number of other large investors have also modified their holdings of the company. MAI Capital Management increased its stake in shares of McKesson by 31.1% in the third quarter. MAI Capital Management now owns 5,592 shares of the company’s stock valued at $933,000 after buying an additional 1,326 shares in the last quarter. First Quadrant L P CA increased its stake in shares of McKesson by 3.3% in the third quarter. First Quadrant L P CA now owns 198,008 shares of the company’s stock valued at $33,018,000 after buying an additional 6,380 shares in the last quarter. Trust Co acquired a new stake in shares of McKesson during the second quarter valued at $845,000. Trust Department MB Financial Bank N A increased its stake in shares of McKesson by 2.2% in the third quarter. Trust Department MB Financial Bank N A now owns 54,202 shares of the company’s stock valued at $9,038,000 after buying an additional 1,166 shares in the last quarter. Finally, Meeder Asset Management Inc. increased its stake in shares of McKesson by 45.9% in the third quarter. Meeder Asset Management Inc. now owns 8,890 shares of the company’s stock valued at $1,482,000 after buying an additional 2,795 shares in the last quarter. 87.81% of the stock is owned by institutional investors and hedge funds. McKesson Co. (NYSE:MCK) traded up 0.06% during midday trading on Thursday, hitting $144.84. The company had a trading volume of 1,937,670 shares. The firm has a 50-day moving average price of $148.57 and a 200-day moving average price of $148.16. The company has a market cap of $30.71 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 17.18 and a beta of 1.06. McKesson Co. has a 12 month low of $114.53 and a 12 month high of $199.43. The firm also recently disclosed a quarterly dividend, which was paid on Monday, April 3rd. Stockholders of record on Wednesday, March 1st were issued a $0.28 dividend. The ex-dividend date was Monday, February 27th. This represents a $1.12 dividend on an annualized basis and a dividend yield of 0.77%. McKesson’s payout ratio is currently 13.25%. WARNING: “McKesson Co. (MCK) Stake Boosted by West Oak Capital LLC” was originally reported by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are viewing this news story on another website, it was stolen and republished in violation of US & international copyright & trademark laws. The correct version of this news story can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/06/mckesson-co-mck-stake-boosted-by-west-oak-capital-llc.html. MCK has been the subject of several recent analyst reports. Vetr downgraded McKesson from a “strong-buy” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $163.26 price target for the company. in a report on Monday, December 12th. Mizuho downgraded McKesson from a “buy” rating to a “neutral” rating and set a $147.00 price target for the company. in a report on Tuesday, January 3rd. JPMorgan Chase & Co. downgraded McKesson from an “overweight” rating to a “neutral” rating and lowered their price target for the stock from $171.00 to $169.00 in a report on Thursday, January 5th. Avondale Partners raised McKesson from a “market perform” rating to an “outperform” rating and raised their price target for the stock from $157.00 to $193.00 in a report on Wednesday, January 18th. Finally, Leerink Swann set a $155.00 price target on McKesson and gave the stock a “hold” rating in a report on Saturday, January 21st. Two research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, eleven have given a hold rating, five have issued a buy rating and one has issued a strong buy rating to the company. The company presently has a consensus rating of “Hold” and an average target price of $172.76. In other news, Chairman John H. Hammergren sold 100,500 shares of the stock in a transaction dated Wednesday, March 29th. The stock was sold at an average price of $150.44, for a total value of $15,119,220.00. Following the transaction, the chairman now owns 22,390 shares in the company, valued at approximately $3,368,351.60. The transaction was disclosed in a document filed with the SEC, which is available at this hyperlink. Corporate insiders own 1.15% of the company’s stock. About McKesson McKesson Corporation (McKesson) is engaged in delivering pharmaceuticals, medical supplies and healthcare information technology. The Company operates through two segments: McKesson Distribution Solutions and Technology Solutions. The McKesson Distribution Solutions segment distributes drugs and equipment, and health and beauty care products across North America and internationally. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding MCK? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for McKesson Co. (NYSE:MCK). Receive News & Ratings for McKesson Co. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for McKesson Co. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Susan Rice Denies leaking Names of Officials in Intelligence Reports Senate Facing Showdown over Nomination of Neil Gorsuch Ex-Trump Advisor Michael Flynn Seeking Immunity Challenges on Rollback of Climate Policies to Come President Trump Creating American Innovation Office © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Exxon Mobil Co. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Exxon Mobil Co. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News 500.com Ltd (WBAI) Stake Decreased by Fmr LLC Shenandoah Telecommunications Company (SHEN) Position Reduced by Fmr LLC Fmr LLC Raises Stake in Bristow Group Inc (BRS) Glovista Investments LLC Cuts Stake in Apple Inc. (AAPL) Cim Investment Mangement Inc. Boosts Position in Exxon Mobil Co. (XOM) Northwest Quadrant Wealth Management LLC Invests $289,000 in Exxon Mobil Co. (XOM) German American Bancorp., Inc. (GABC) Shares Bought by Renaissance Technologies LLC BlackRock, Inc. (BLK) Sees Large Decline in Short Interest AMERCO (UHAL) Short Interest Down 8.9% in March O'Reilly Automotive Inc (ORLY) Sees Significant Increase in Short Interest Ruth's Hospitality Group, Inc. (RUTH) Shares Bought by State Street Corp Dimensional Fund Advisors LP Has $24,413,000 Stake in The Advisory Board Company (ABCO) Dimensional Fund Advisors LP Has $24,844,000 Position in Banco Santander, S.A. (SAN) Quality Systems, Inc. (QSII) Shares Bought by Dimensional Fund Advisors LP Dimensional Fund Advisors LP Reduces Position in Depomed Inc (DEPO) Continental Building Products Inc (CBPX) Stake Increased by State Street Corp State Street Corp Raises Position in Windstream Holdings Inc (WIN) State Street Corp Boosts Position in Blucora Inc (BCOR) OMNOVA Solutions Inc. (OMN) Stake Cut by State Board of Administration of Florida Retirement System State Board of Administration of Florida Retirement System Has $429,000 Stake in New Relic Inc (NEWR) Northwest Quadrant Wealth Management LLC Invests $289,000 in Exxon Mobil Co. (XOM) April 9th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Stacy Sanders Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Northwest Quadrant Wealth Management LLC purchased a new position in Exxon Mobil Co. (NYSE:XOM) during the fourth quarter, according to its most recent 13F filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission. The fund purchased 3,469 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $289,000. Other institutional investors also recently bought and sold shares of the company. Ruggie Capital Group increased its position in shares of Exxon Mobil by 0.5% in the third quarter. Ruggie Capital Group now owns 3,312 shares of the company’s stock worth $288,000 after buying an additional 16 shares in the last quarter. Sterling Global Strategies LLC increased its position in shares of Exxon Mobil by 0.4% in the fourth quarter. Sterling Global Strategies LLC now owns 5,225 shares of the company’s stock worth $472,000 after buying an additional 19 shares in the last quarter. Sunbelt Securities Inc. increased its position in shares of Exxon Mobil by 0.3% in the fourth quarter. Sunbelt Securities Inc. now owns 11,713 shares of the company’s stock worth $1,057,000 after buying an additional 38 shares in the last quarter. Oakmont Partners LLC increased its position in shares of Exxon Mobil by 0.6% in the third quarter. Oakmont Partners LLC now owns 6,848 shares of the company’s stock worth $598,000 after buying an additional 41 shares in the last quarter. Finally, Proficio Capital Partners LLC increased its position in shares of Exxon Mobil by 1.9% in the third quarter. Proficio Capital Partners LLC now owns 2,257 shares of the company’s stock worth $197,000 after buying an additional 42 shares in the last quarter. 51.09% of the stock is currently owned by institutional investors. Exxon Mobil Co. (NYSE:XOM) opened at 82.76 on Friday. Exxon Mobil Co. has a 12-month low of $80.31 and a 12-month high of $95.55. The firm has a market capitalization of $343.17 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 44.09 and a beta of 0.91. The stock has a 50 day moving average of $81.98 and a 200 day moving average of $85.30. Exxon Mobil (NYSE:XOM) last posted its earnings results on Tuesday, January 31st. The company reported $0.41 EPS for the quarter, missing the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of $0.70 by $0.29. The business earned $61.02 billion during the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $62.28 billion. Exxon Mobil had a return on equity of 5.56% and a net margin of 3.47%. The business’s revenue was up 2.0% on a year-over-year basis. During the same period in the prior year, the firm earned $0.67 earnings per share. Equities research analysts anticipate that Exxon Mobil Co. will post $3.97 earnings per share for the current year. The firm also recently announced a quarterly dividend, which was paid on Friday, March 10th. Shareholders of record on Thursday, February 9th were given a $0.75 dividend. This represents a $3.00 annualized dividend and a yield of 3.62%. The ex-dividend date of this dividend was Tuesday, February 7th. Exxon Mobil’s dividend payout ratio is 159.58%. WARNING: “Northwest Quadrant Wealth Management LLC Invests $289,000 in Exxon Mobil Co. (XOM)” was reported by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are reading this article on another publication, it was illegally stolen and republished in violation of US & international trademark and copyright law. The correct version of this article can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/09/northwest-quadrant-wealth-management-llc-invests-289000-in-exxon-mobil-co-xom.html. A number of equities analysts have recently commented on XOM shares. JPMorgan Chase & Co. reissued a “neutral” rating on shares of Exxon Mobil in a research note on Monday, December 12th. Macquarie reissued an “underperform” rating and issued a $75.00 target price on shares of Exxon Mobil in a research note on Saturday, December 17th. Goldman Sachs Group Inc set a $96.00 target price on shares of Exxon Mobil and gave the company a “neutral” rating in a research note on Tuesday, December 20th. Vetr raised shares of Exxon Mobil from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $91.00 target price on the stock in a research note on Monday, January 9th. Finally, Wells Fargo & Co downgraded shares of Exxon Mobil from an “outperform” rating to a “market perform” rating in a research note on Wednesday, January 11th. They noted that the move was a valuation call. Six research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, fourteen have assigned a hold rating and seven have given a buy rating to the stock. Exxon Mobil presently has an average rating of “Hold” and an average target price of $90.06. Exxon Mobil Company Profile Exxon Mobil Corporation is engaged in energy business. The Company is engaged in the exploration, production, transportation and sale of crude oil and natural gas, and the manufacture, transportation and sale of petroleum products. The Company also manufactures and markets commodity petrochemicals, including olefins, aromatics, polyethylene and polypropylene plastics, and a range of specialty products. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding XOM? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Exxon Mobil Co. (NYSE:XOM). Receive News & Ratings for Exxon Mobil Co. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Exxon Mobil Co. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Government Wants to Know Trump Critic on Twitter Susan Rice Denies leaking Names of Officials in Intelligence Reports Senate Facing Showdown over Nomination of Neil Gorsuch Ex-Trump Advisor Michael Flynn Seeking Immunity Challenges on Rollback of Climate Policies to Come © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance People's United Financial Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for People's United Financial Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Ryder System, Inc. (R) Position Increased by Contravisory Investment Management Inc. Raymond James Trust N.A. Buys 629 Shares of Allergan plc (AGN) Positive Press Coverage Extremely Likely to Impact Meta Financial Group (CASH) Share Price Contravisory Investment Management Inc. Has $226,000 Position in Brookline Bancorp, Inc. (BRKL) Landstar System (LSTR) Getting Somewhat Negative News Coverage, Report Shows Raymond James Trust N.A. Acquires 745 Shares of American Express Company (AXP) Contravisory Investment Management Inc. Takes Position in People's United Financial, Inc. (PBCT) Ethan Allen Interiors (ETH) Receiving Somewhat Favorable News Coverage, Study Finds ADTRAN, Inc. (ADTN) Short Interest Update Short Interest in Advaxis, Inc. (ADXS) Expands By 3.7% Synaptics, Incorporated (SYNA) Stake Cut by New England Research & Management Inc. New England Research & Management Inc. Acquires Shares of 5,700 US Concrete Inc (USCR) Osborn Williams & Donohoe LLC Has $368,000 Position in AutoNation, Inc. (AN) Kinder Morgan Inc (KMI) Position Decreased by New England Research & Management Inc. $0.35 EPS Expected for TopBuild Corp (BLD) This Quarter New England Research & Management Inc. Continues to Hold Position in Bank of Nova Scotia (BNS) General Dynamics Co. (GD) Stake Maintained by Osborn Williams & Donohoe LLC Wabash National Co. (WNC) Stake Lowered by Peregrine Capital Management LLC Zacks: Brokerages Anticipate TransUnion (TRU) Will Announce Earnings of $0.36 Per Share Quinpario Acquisition Corp (JASN) Earns Coverage Optimism Rating of 0.40 Contravisory Investment Management Inc. Takes Position in People's United Financial, Inc. (PBCT) April 9th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Tyrone Williams Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Contravisory Investment Management Inc. bought a new stake in shares of People's United Financial, Inc. (NASDAQ:PBCT) during the first quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The institutional investor bought 13,170 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $240,000. A number of other institutional investors also recently added to or reduced their stakes in PBCT. Wells Fargo & Company MN increased its position in shares of People's United Financial by 41.9% in the third quarter. Wells Fargo & Company MN now owns 14,623,420 shares of the company’s stock valued at $231,343,000 after buying an additional 4,320,486 shares during the last quarter. BlackRock Fund Advisors increased its position in shares of People's United Financial by 4.2% in the third quarter. BlackRock Fund Advisors now owns 9,785,005 shares of the company’s stock valued at $154,799,000 after buying an additional 391,770 shares during the last quarter. BlackRock Institutional Trust Company N.A. increased its position in shares of People's United Financial by 1.0% in the third quarter. BlackRock Institutional Trust Company N.A. now owns 9,325,559 shares of the company’s stock valued at $147,530,000 after buying an additional 91,179 shares during the last quarter. Epoch Investment Partners Inc. increased its position in shares of People's United Financial by 2.1% in the third quarter. Epoch Investment Partners Inc. now owns 8,568,134 shares of the company’s stock valued at $135,548,000 after buying an additional 174,192 shares during the last quarter. Finally, Guggenheim Capital LLC increased its position in shares of People's United Financial by 3.8% in the fourth quarter. Guggenheim Capital LLC now owns 3,151,205 shares of the company’s stock valued at $61,008,000 after buying an additional 116,084 shares during the last quarter. Institutional investors own 80.80% of the company’s stock. Shares of People's United Financial, Inc. (NASDAQ:PBCT) traded down 0.50% during midday trading on Friday, hitting $17.84. The stock had a trading volume of 2,540,004 shares. The stock has a market cap of $5.51 billion, a PE ratio of 19.43 and a beta of 0.83. People's United Financial, Inc. has a 52-week low of $13.80 and a 52-week high of $20.13. The firm has a 50 day moving average price of $18.89 and a 200-day moving average price of $17.97. People's United Financial (NASDAQ:PBCT) last announced its quarterly earnings results on Thursday, January 19th. The company reported $0.24 earnings per share for the quarter, hitting the consensus estimate of $0.24. People's United Financial had a return on equity of 5.86% and a net margin of 19.12%. During the same quarter in the prior year, the company posted $0.22 EPS. Equities analysts predict that People's United Financial, Inc. will post $0.96 EPS for the current fiscal year. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION NOTICE: This report was published by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are accessing this report on another site, it was copied illegally and reposted in violation of United States & international copyright law. The correct version of this report can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/09/contravisory-investment-management-inc-takes-position-in-peoples-united-financial-inc-pbct.html. Several equities analysts have recently commented on PBCT shares. Keefe, Bruyette & Woods restated a “hold” rating and issued a $19.00 price objective on shares of People's United Financial in a research report on Thursday. JPMorgan Chase & Co. started coverage on People's United Financial in a research report on Thursday, January 5th. They issued a “neutral” rating and a $20.50 price objective on the stock. Wells Fargo & Co started coverage on People's United Financial in a research report on Friday, January 6th. They issued a “market perform” rating on the stock. Sandler O’Neill upgraded People's United Financial from a “sell” rating to a “hold” rating and boosted their price objective for the company from $17.00 to $19.50 in a research report on Friday, March 10th. Finally, Barclays PLC boosted their price objective on People's United Financial from $17.00 to $18.00 and gave the company an “underweight” rating in a research report on Friday, January 20th. Two analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating and eight have given a hold rating to the company. The stock presently has a consensus rating of “Hold” and an average price target of $18.31. In other People's United Financial news, VP David K. Norton sold 149,965 shares of the stock in a transaction dated Tuesday, March 7th. The stock was sold at an average price of $19.24, for a total transaction of $2,885,326.60. Following the sale, the vice president now directly owns 276,891 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $5,327,382.84. The sale was disclosed in a legal filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is available through the SEC website. Also, Director Mark W. Richards sold 32,732 shares of the stock in a transaction dated Wednesday, January 25th. The stock was sold at an average price of $19.02, for a total value of $622,562.64. Following the sale, the director now directly owns 333,364 shares in the company, valued at $6,340,583.28. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Insiders have sold a total of 292,768 shares of company stock worth $5,590,175 over the last ninety days. 2.90% of the stock is owned by insiders. About People's United Financial People’s United Financial, Inc is a bank holding company and a financial holding company of People’s United Bank (the Bank). The Bank is engaged in providing commercial banking, retail banking and wealth management services to individual, corporate and municipal customers. The Company operates through two segments: Commercial Banking and Retail Banking. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding PBCT? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for People's United Financial, Inc. (NASDAQ:PBCT). Receive News & Ratings for People's United Financial Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for People's United Financial Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Government Wants to Know Trump Critic on Twitter Susan Rice Denies leaking Names of Officials in Intelligence Reports Senate Facing Showdown over Nomination of Neil Gorsuch Ex-Trump Advisor Michael Flynn Seeking Immunity Challenges on Rollback of Climate Policies to Come © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home Latest News Nation World Business Cities Sports Entertainment Lifestyle Technology Opinion Education Photos Videos Explained Good News Trending Astrology Photo News Today’s Paper See More See Less Search for:   Nation World Cities Opinion Sports Entertainment Lifestyle Technology Viral Photos Videos Blogs ePaper Latest News At least 8 killed in Srinagar poll violence, voter turnout 7.14 per cent Push GST rollout to Oct 1, fitment in tax slabs will be key: P Chidambaram Memorandum of Procedure stuck, Collegium starts to clear names for CJs Indian, Chinese navies rescue merchant ship in Gulf of Aden RSS chief Mohan Bhagwat calls for nationwide ban on slaughter of cows Home World China probes chief of top insurance regulator China probes chief of top insurance regulator Xiang Junbo is being probed for "suspected serious violation of the Party's code of conduct," the Central Commission for Discipline Inspection said in a brief statement on its website. By: AFP | Beijing | Published:April 9, 2017 4:17 pm China has opened an investigation into the head of its top insurance regulatory body, the anti-corruption watchdog said on Sunday in an announcement that could signal problems for some of the country’s most powerful companies. Xiang Junbo is being probed for “suspected serious violation of the Party’s code of conduct,” the Central Commission for Discipline Inspection said in a brief statement on its website. The phrase is often a euphemism for corruption. Xiang took the top spot at the China Insurance Regulatory Commission in 2011 after heading the Agricultural Bank of China, one of the biggest state banks. Various Chinese regulatory agencies have trained their sights on the insurance industry, complaining about companies’ use of their financial holdings to fund risky acquisitions in real estate and unlisted equities. In February Beijing announced investigations into several major insurance companies, including Evergrande Life and Foresea Life, for alleged market manipulation. The announcement came after the chairman of the China Securities Regulatory Commission singled out the industry as a home for “barbarians” and “thieves” who engaged in debt-fuelled stock market acquisitions. The president of PICC, the country’s first non-life insurance company, is also currently being probed for corruption. Rumours about a possible investigation into Xiang have been swirling for months. He has previously been tied to scandal. In 2014, the New York Times reported he approached JPMorgan executives for a job for the child of a well-connected friend. Last November the company agreed to pay a $264 million fine to the US government to settle claims it had violated the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act by handing out jobs to the friends and family of top Chinese officials under similar circumstances in exchange for preferential treatment. For all the latest World News, download Indian Express App now Best of Express RK Nagar bypoll: EC scraps April 12 polling as voter bribery charges fly EntertainmentNot Kapil Sharma, Sunil Grover's new project is with Sunny Leone! Watch his video EntertainmentDad is doing better: Akshaye Khanna confirms that father Vinod Khanna is recovering well EntertainmentPreeti Simoes rejects doing a new show with Sunil Grover. Is she still a part of The Kapil Sharma Show? EntertainmentAkshay Kumar in tears as he launches his dream app for Indian jawans, see pics Must Read Sports'Glad youngster like Rana, Hardik carried us through' SportsI think we can improve our death bowling: Pandey SportsRohit Sharma reprimanded for showing dissent TechnologyApple’s red iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus to be available in India by end of this week TechnologyVivo V5 Plus IPL Limited Edition now available to buy from Flipkart at Rs 25,990 TechnologyMoto E4 Plus receives FCC certification, likely to feature 5,000mAh battery LifestyleAmrita Lahiri on Kuchipudi male dancers, their 'exaggerated femininity' on stage and 'Samudra' Apr 10: Latest News Jammu and Kashmir: PDP’s Anantnag candidate urges Election Commission to defer by-election AKTU UPSEE 2017: Admit cards to be released to tomorrow, check here SC rejects PIL to declare Indus Waters Treaty unconstitutional Bradley Cooper, Irina Shayk welcome their first baby Donald Trump considers new order that could lead to more trade duties, says official                           The Express Group The Indian Express The Financial Express Loksatta Jansatta inUth Ramnath Goenka Awards Privacy Policy Advertise with Us Contact Us Subscribe Please reload and try again !!! X   Copyright © 2017 The Indian Express [P] Ltd. All Rights Reserved
Skip to main content The Straits Times Asia Toggle navigation Home Singapore Politics Asia East Asia SE Asia South Asia Australia/NZ World Videos Multimedia Photos Graphics Lifestyle Food Forum Letters in Print Letters on the Web Readers' Post Opinion ST Editorial Cartoons Business Companies & Markets Economy Banking Property Invest Sport Football Tennis Formula One Basketball Golf Schools Tech Smartphones Tablets PCs Cameras Audio Wearables Games & Apps More Multimedia Forum Opinion Business Sport Tech SPH Websites SITES AsiaOne Berita Harian Hardwarezone herworldPLUS Lianhe Wanbao My Paper Omy razor SGCarMart ShareInvestor SRX Property STCars STClassifieds STJobs STProperty STOMP tabla Tamil Murasu The Business Times The New Paper ZaoBao Print Edition ePaper China probes chief of top insurance regulator for graft Xiang Junbo heads the China Insurance Regulatory Commission. Published10 hours ago More Share Tweet Linkedin Pin Google+ Reddit Print Purchase Article Permalink: http://str.sg/4XM9 Copy BEIJING • The head of China's top insurance regulatory body is being investigated, the country's anti-corruption watchdog said yesterday in an announcement that could signal problems for some of China's most powerful companies. Xiang Junbo is being probed for "suspected serious violation of the Party's code of conduct", the Central Commission for Discipline Inspection said in a brief statement on its website. The phrase is often a euphemism for corruption. Xiang took the top spot at the China Insurance Regulatory Commission in 2011 after heading the Agricultural Bank of China, one of the biggest state banks. He is also a member of the central bank's monetary policy committee. Various Chinese regulatory agencies have trained their sights on the insurance industry, complaining about companies' use of their financial holdings to fund risky acquisitions in real estate and unlisted equities. In February, Beijing announced investigations into several major insurance companies, including Evergrande Life and Foresea Life, for alleged market manipulation. The announcement came after the chairman of the China Securities Regulatory Commission singled out the industry as a home for "barbarians" and "thieves" who engaged in debt-fuelled stock market acquisitions. The president of PICC, the country's first non-life insurance company, is also currently being probed for corruption. Rumours about a possible investigation into Xiang have been swirling for months. He is no stranger to scandal. In 2014, the New York Times reported that he approached JP Morgan executives to secure a job for the child of a well-connected friend. Last November, JP Morgan Chase agreed to pay a US$264 million (S$370 million) settlement to the US government after it had violated the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act by handing out jobs to the friends and family of top Chinese officials under similar circumstances in exchange for preferential treatment. Chinese President Xi Jinping is leading a campaign against official corruption that is tearing down once-untouchable party, military and business leaders and rolling up their powerful networks of relatives and allies. AGENCE FRANCE-PRESSE, REUTERS A version of this article appeared in the print edition of The Straits Times on April 10, 2017, with the headline 'China probes chief of top insurance regulator for graft'. Print Edition | Subscribe Topics:  CHINA CORRUPTION More Share Tweet Linkedin Pin Google+ Reddit Print Permalink: http://str.sg/4XM9 Copy BrandInsider Sponsored Content g2000_a125767_2017apr10_300x200_stadv1.jpg Working to tackle Singapore’s food waste problem steinway_a125809_2017apr03_300x200_native.jpg Steinway Spirio brings new music lecture series to life sponsorednative.jpg What you need to know about Tanah Merah’s newest condominium Shopping iPhone 7 Plus 128 GB Now On Sale! Check Latest Price Now! Attractive Digital Gadgets from $1!! Only @ Auction Q! Never Lost Your Precious Belongings Again! HP Elitebook 840 Now On Sale! Check out Now! More Deals on Qoo10 Subscribe to The Straits Times call 6388-3838 or click here Available for iPhones and iPads Available in Google Play Back to the top Singapore Politics Asia World Videos Multimedia Lifestyle Food Forum Opinion Business Sport Tech Follow ST The Straits Times SPH Digital News / Copyright © 2017 Singapore Press Holdings Ltd. Co. Regn. No. 198402868E. All rights reserved | Terms & Conditions | Data Protection Policy | Advertise with us We have been experiencing some problems with subscriber log-ins and apologise for the inconvenience caused. Until we resolve the issues, subscribers need not log in to access ST Digital articles. But a log-in is still required for our PDFs. Close
2 Desktop notifications are on   | Turn off Get breaking news alerts from The Washington Post Turn on desktop notifications? Yes Not now It looks like you've previously blocked notifications. Please update your browser permissions to allow them. Democracy Dies in Darkness Sections Sign In Username Subscribe Accessibility for screenreader Home Page U.S. & World | Regional Politics PowerPost The Fix White House Courts and Law Polling Monkey Cage Fact Checker Post Politics Blog Opinions The Post's View Toles Cartoons Telnaes Animations Local Opinions Global Opinions Letters to the Editor Act Four All Opinions Are Local Book Party Compost Erik Wemple Five Myths In Theory The Plum Line PostEverything PostPartisan Rampage Right Turn The Watch Volokh Conspiracy DemocracyPost Sports Redskins NFL MLB NBA NHL AllMetSports Soccer Boxing/MMA College Sports College Football College Basketball D.C. Sports Bog Early Lead Fancy Stats Golf Tennis Fantasy Sports Local D.C. Maryland Virginia Public Safety Education Obituaries Transportation Weather Retropolis National Acts of Faith Health and Science National Security Investigations Morning Mix Post Nation True Crime Obituaries World Africa The Americas Asia and Pacific Europe Middle East National Security WorldViews Checkpoint Business Wonkblog On Leadership Personal Finance Digger Energy and Environment Markets On Small Business World Business Capital Business Tech Innovations The Switch Lifestyle Arts and Entertainment Advice Carolyn Hax Food Travel Wellness Magazine Home and Garden Inspired Life Fashion KidsPost On Parenting Reliable Source The Intersect Solo-ish Entertainment Books Comics Comic Riffs Going Out Guide Horoscopes Movies Museums Music Puzzles and Games Theater and Dance TV Restaurants Bars & Clubs Crosswords Video World Top News Entertainment Local Popular Video Politics Live Sports Opinions National Business Technology Style Newsletters & Alerts Podcasts Cape Up Ciquizza Can He Do That? Presidential Sports Photography In Sight Washington Post Live Events Live Chats Real Estate Rentals Where We Live Recently Sold Homes Cars Jobs Classifieds Partners Express Parade WP BrandStudio washingtonpost.com 1996-2017 The Washington Post Terms of Service Privacy Policy Submissions and Discussion Policy RSS Terms of Service Ad Choices Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on Google Plus Share via Email Share on LinkedIn Share on Pinterest Share on Tumblr Resize Text Print Article Comments0 The inside track on Washington politics. Be the first to know about new stories from PowerPost. Sign up to follow, and we’ll e-mail you free updates as they’re published. You’ll receive free e-mail news updates each time a new story is published. You’re all set! Sign up *Invalid email address Got it Got it Capital Business Washington-area appointments and promotions for April 10 The inside track on Washington politics. Be the first to know about new stories from PowerPost. Sign up to follow, and we’ll e-mail you free updates as they’re published. You’ll receive free e-mail news updates each time a new story is published. You’re all set! Sign up *Invalid email address Got it Got it By Aaron Gregg By Aaron Gregg April 8 Follow @Post_AG Companies Abt Associates of Bethesda appointed Jorge Elguera chief information officer. Atlas Research of the District appointed Patricia Weaver vice president for corporate development. Capital Digestive Care of Silver Spring appointed Darryn Potosky member of the practice and Michael Weinstein president and chief executive. Cleared Solutions of Vienna appointed Daniel Klemm vice president of information security and chief information security officer. Edelman of the District appointed Sarah Swinehart vice president in the media services and strategies team. Fairmont Hotels of the District appointed Sandy Yi-Davis group sales manager. HZDG of Rockville appointed Debbie Norris media director. Kimpton Lorien Hotel & Spa of Alexandria appointed Jennifer Montgomery director of sales and marketing. Quality Associates of Fulton appointed John Burgess senior ECM sales consultant. Quinn Evans Architects of the District appointed Jack Chin senior architect. RMR & Associates of Rockville appointed Guy Shields leader of the cyber communications and crisis communications practice. Associations and nonprofits Association for Accessible Medicines of the District appointed Erik Komendant vice president of federal affairs. Common Cause of the District appointed Max Wolfson development manager, Grant Hallmark and LaShanda Jackson fundraising specialists, and Rey Lopez-Calderon interim vice president. National Association of Convenience Stores of Alexandria appointed Jeff McQuilkin exhibit sales and services manager. National Organization for Rare Disorders of the District appointed Debbie Drell director of membership. Finance Federal Capital Partners of Chevy Chase appointed Christopher LoSapio director of asset management. J.P. Morgan Private Bank of the District appointed Geoffrey Hart and Justin Bakewell bankers and executive directors. Law and lobbying Baker McKenzie of the District appointed Creighton Macy partner in the global antitrust and competition practice. Bradley Arant Boult Cummings of the District appointed Aron Beezley partner. Jenner & Block of the District appointed Thomas Newton Bolling, David Bitkower and Marc Warren partners and David Lynn co-chair of the security practice. Squire Patton Boggs of the District appointed Mark Dever and Eduardo Guzmán partners in the communications practice. Venable of the District appointed W. Andrew (Drew) Gantt III partner. — Compiled by Aaron Gregg Send information about promotions, appointments and personnel moves in the Washington region to appointments@washpost.com. business capitalbusiness true Please provide a valid email address. Sign up You’re all set! See all newsletters 0 Comments  Share on FacebookShare   Share on TwitterTweet Share via Email Aaron Gregg covers the local economy for Capital Business, the Post’s local business section. He studied music (Jazz guitar) and political science at Emory University in Atlanta, and has a graduate degree in public policy from Georgetown. Follow @Post_AG 0 Show Comments Discussion Policy Comments SuperFan Badge SuperFan badge holders consistently post smart, timely comments about Washington area sports and teams. More about badges | Request a badge Culture Connoisseur Badge Culture Connoisseurs consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on the arts, lifestyle and entertainment. More about badges | Request a badge Fact Checker Badge Fact Checkers contribute questions, information and facts to The Fact Checker. More about badges | Request a badge Washingtologist Badge Washingtologists consistently post thought-provoking, timely comments on events, communities, and trends in the Washington area. More about badges | Request a badge Post Writer Badge This commenter is a Washington Post editor, reporter or producer. Post Forum Badge Post Forum members consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on politics, national and international affairs. More about badges | Request a badge Weather Watcher Badge Weather Watchers consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on climates and forecasts. More about badges | Request a badge World Watcher Badge World Watchers consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on international affairs. More about badges | Request a badge Post Contributor Badge This commenter is a Washington Post contributor. Post contributors aren’t staff, but may write articles or columns. In some cases, contributors are sources or experts quoted in a story. More about badges | Request a badge Post Recommended Washington Post reporters or editors recommend this comment or reader post. You must be logged in to report a comment. Sign in here You must be logged in to recommend a comment. Sign in here Comments our editors find particularly useful or relevant are displayed in Top Comments, as are comments by users with these badges: . Replies to those posts appear here, as well as posts by staff writers. All comments are posted in the All Comments tab. More about badges Get a badge To pause and restart automatic updates, click "Live" or "Paused". If paused, you'll be notified of the number of additional comments that have come in. Comments our editors find particularly useful or relevant are displayed in Top Comments, as are comments by users with these badges: . Replies to those posts appear here, as well as posts by staff writers. Spam Offensive Disagree Off-Topic Among the criteria for featured comments: likes by users, replies by users, previous history of valuable commenting, and selection by moderators. Facebook Twitter Reddit StumbleUpon Digg Most Read 1 ‘One word says it all. Asian’: Airbnb host reportedly leaves guest stranded because of her race 2 Trump considers investigation of international trade partners 3 She was pregnant and broke. She signed up for Uber — and fell into debt. 4 ‘An enormous loss’: 900 miles of the Great Barrier Reef have bleached severely since 2016 5 Trump and taxes: Back to drawing board, seeks GOP consensus Market Watch DJIA -0.03% NASDAQ -0.02% Get quote Last Update: 04/10/2017(DJIA&NASDAQ) Our Online Games Play right from this page Mahjongg Dimensions Strategy game Spider Solitaire Card game Mahjongg Candy Strategy game business capitalbusiness Success! Check your inbox for details. Please enter a valid email address You might also like: Sign Up No Thanks See all newsletters washingtonpost.com © 1996-2017 The Washington Post   Help and Contact Us Terms of Service Privacy Policy Print Products Terms of Sale Digital Products Terms of Sale Submissions and Discussion Policy RSS Terms of Service Ad Choices Close video player Now Playing Read content from allstate Content from Allstate This content is paid for by an advertiser and published by WP BrandStudio. The Washington Post newsroom was not involved in the creation of this content. Learn more about WP BrandStudio. We went to the source. Here’s what matters to millennials. A state-by-state look at where Generation Y stands on the big issues.
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Exxon Mobil Co. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Exxon Mobil Co. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News 500.com Ltd (WBAI) Stake Decreased by Fmr LLC Shenandoah Telecommunications Company (SHEN) Position Reduced by Fmr LLC Fmr LLC Raises Stake in Bristow Group Inc (BRS) Glovista Investments LLC Cuts Stake in Apple Inc. (AAPL) Cim Investment Mangement Inc. Boosts Position in Exxon Mobil Co. (XOM) Northwest Quadrant Wealth Management LLC Invests $289,000 in Exxon Mobil Co. (XOM) German American Bancorp., Inc. (GABC) Shares Bought by Renaissance Technologies LLC BlackRock, Inc. (BLK) Sees Large Decline in Short Interest AMERCO (UHAL) Short Interest Down 8.9% in March O'Reilly Automotive Inc (ORLY) Sees Significant Increase in Short Interest Ruth's Hospitality Group, Inc. (RUTH) Shares Bought by State Street Corp Dimensional Fund Advisors LP Has $24,413,000 Stake in The Advisory Board Company (ABCO) Dimensional Fund Advisors LP Has $24,844,000 Position in Banco Santander, S.A. (SAN) Quality Systems, Inc. (QSII) Shares Bought by Dimensional Fund Advisors LP Dimensional Fund Advisors LP Reduces Position in Depomed Inc (DEPO) Continental Building Products Inc (CBPX) Stake Increased by State Street Corp State Street Corp Raises Position in Windstream Holdings Inc (WIN) State Street Corp Boosts Position in Blucora Inc (BCOR) OMNOVA Solutions Inc. (OMN) Stake Cut by State Board of Administration of Florida Retirement System State Board of Administration of Florida Retirement System Has $429,000 Stake in New Relic Inc (NEWR) Cim Investment Mangement Inc. Boosts Position in Exxon Mobil Co. (XOM) April 9th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Jeff Wilder Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Cim Investment Mangement Inc. raised its stake in shares of Exxon Mobil Co. (NYSE:XOM) by 1.2% during the fourth quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The institutional investor owned 23,389 shares of the company’s stock after buying an additional 286 shares during the period. Exxon Mobil accounts for about 0.8% of Cim Investment Mangement Inc.’s holdings, making the stock its 16th largest position. Cim Investment Mangement Inc.’s holdings in Exxon Mobil were worth $2,111,000 at the end of the most recent reporting period. Several other institutional investors have also made changes to their positions in the stock. North Star Investment Management Corp. raised its position in shares of Exxon Mobil by 2.0% in the third quarter. North Star Investment Management Corp. now owns 50,710 shares of the company’s stock valued at $4,426,000 after buying an additional 1,012 shares in the last quarter. Bristlecone Advisors LLC raised its position in shares of Exxon Mobil by 4.0% in the third quarter. Bristlecone Advisors LLC now owns 37,205 shares of the company’s stock valued at $3,247,000 after buying an additional 1,424 shares in the last quarter. First United Bank Trust raised its position in shares of Exxon Mobil by 4.2% in the third quarter. First United Bank Trust now owns 25,553 shares of the company’s stock valued at $2,230,000 after buying an additional 1,037 shares in the last quarter. Carroll Financial Associates Inc. raised its position in shares of Exxon Mobil by 12.6% in the third quarter. Carroll Financial Associates Inc. now owns 201,793 shares of the company’s stock valued at $17,612,000 after buying an additional 22,633 shares in the last quarter. Finally, Raymond James Trust N.A. raised its position in shares of Exxon Mobil by 2.6% in the third quarter. Raymond James Trust N.A. now owns 318,832 shares of the company’s stock valued at $27,828,000 after buying an additional 7,978 shares in the last quarter. Hedge funds and other institutional investors own 51.09% of the company’s stock. Exxon Mobil Co. (NYSE:XOM) opened at 82.76 on Friday. The company has a 50-day moving average price of $81.98 and a 200-day moving average price of $85.30. Exxon Mobil Co. has a 12-month low of $80.31 and a 12-month high of $95.55. The firm has a market capitalization of $343.17 billion, a PE ratio of 44.09 and a beta of 0.91. Exxon Mobil (NYSE:XOM) last issued its quarterly earnings data on Tuesday, January 31st. The company reported $0.41 earnings per share for the quarter, missing the Zacks’ consensus estimate of $0.70 by $0.29. Exxon Mobil had a return on equity of 5.56% and a net margin of 3.47%. The business had revenue of $61.02 billion for the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $62.28 billion. During the same period last year, the business earned $0.67 earnings per share. The company’s revenue for the quarter was up 2.0% on a year-over-year basis. On average, analysts predict that Exxon Mobil Co. will post $3.97 earnings per share for the current year. The firm also recently disclosed a quarterly dividend, which was paid on Friday, March 10th. Stockholders of record on Thursday, February 9th were paid a dividend of $0.75 per share. The ex-dividend date was Tuesday, February 7th. This represents a $3.00 dividend on an annualized basis and a dividend yield of 3.62%. Exxon Mobil’s dividend payout ratio (DPR) is 159.58%. TRADEMARK VIOLATION WARNING: “Cim Investment Mangement Inc. Boosts Position in Exxon Mobil Co. (XOM)” was originally reported by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are viewing this piece of content on another publication, it was stolen and republished in violation of United States & international trademark & copyright legislation. The legal version of this piece of content can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/09/cim-investment-mangement-inc-boosts-position-in-exxon-mobil-co-xom.html. XOM has been the subject of several research reports. Macquarie reiterated an “underperform” rating and set a $75.00 price objective on shares of Exxon Mobil in a research note on Saturday, December 17th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. reiterated a “neutral” rating on shares of Exxon Mobil in a research note on Monday, December 12th. Goldman Sachs Group Inc set a $96.00 price objective on Exxon Mobil and gave the stock a “neutral” rating in a research note on Monday, December 26th. Vetr upgraded Exxon Mobil from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $91.00 price objective for the company in a research note on Monday, January 9th. Finally, Jefferies Group LLC set a $92.00 price objective on Exxon Mobil and gave the stock a “neutral” rating in a research note on Tuesday, January 17th. Six investment analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, fourteen have assigned a hold rating and seven have assigned a buy rating to the stock. The stock currently has an average rating of “Hold” and an average target price of $90.06. About Exxon Mobil Exxon Mobil Corporation is engaged in energy business. The Company is engaged in the exploration, production, transportation and sale of crude oil and natural gas, and the manufacture, transportation and sale of petroleum products. The Company also manufactures and markets commodity petrochemicals, including olefins, aromatics, polyethylene and polypropylene plastics, and a range of specialty products. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding XOM? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Exxon Mobil Co. (NYSE:XOM). Receive News & Ratings for Exxon Mobil Co. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Exxon Mobil Co. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Government Wants to Know Trump Critic on Twitter Susan Rice Denies leaking Names of Officials in Intelligence Reports Senate Facing Showdown over Nomination of Neil Gorsuch Ex-Trump Advisor Michael Flynn Seeking Immunity Challenges on Rollback of Climate Policies to Come © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Windstream Holdings Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Windstream Holdings Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Continental Building Products Inc (CBPX) Stake Increased by State Street Corp State Street Corp Raises Position in Windstream Holdings Inc (WIN) State Street Corp Boosts Position in Blucora Inc (BCOR) OMNOVA Solutions Inc. (OMN) Stake Cut by State Board of Administration of Florida Retirement System State Board of Administration of Florida Retirement System Has $429,000 Stake in New Relic Inc (NEWR) State Board of Administration of Florida Retirement System Holds Position in Ferroglobe PLC (GSM) State Board of Administration of Florida Retirement System Has $442,000 Position in SunPower Co. (SPWR) Bel Fuse, Inc. (BELFB) Position Held by State Board of Administration of Florida Retirement System 17,849 Shares in Black Knight Financial Services Inc (BKFS) Acquired by Russell Investments Group Ltd. Short Interest in Mettler-Toledo International Inc. (MTD) Decreases By 3.3% Dynegy Inc. (DYN) Bonds Trading 1% Lower Q4 2018 Earnings Forecast for Hudson's Bay Co (HBC) Issued By National Bank Financial Bottomline Technologies (EPAY) to Post Q2 2018 Earnings of $0.25 Per Share, First Analysis Forecasts Research Analysts Set Expectations for LSB Industries, Inc.’s Q1 2018 Earnings (LXU) Analysts Offer Predictions for Spartan Motors Inc’s Q1 2018 Earnings (SPAR) FY2017 EPS Estimates for Boston Private Financial Hldg Inc (BPFH) Increased by Analyst Hybridan Llp Comments on ProMetic Life Sciences Inc.’s FY2017 Earnings (PLI) Xtreme Drilling Corp (XDC) Forecasted to Post FY2017 Earnings of ($0.05) Per Share Q3 2017 Earnings Forecast for Acuity Brands, Inc. (AYI) Issued By Williams Capital Q2 2017 EPS Estimates for Blueprint Medicines Corp Raised by Wedbush (BPMC) State Street Corp Raises Position in Windstream Holdings Inc (WIN) April 9th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Jeff Wilder Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet State Street Corp increased its stake in shares of Windstream Holdings Inc (NYSE:WIN) by 12.5% during the fourth quarter, according to its most recent 13F filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). The fund owned 2,174,588 shares of the company’s stock after buying an additional 241,378 shares during the period. State Street Corp owned about 2.26% of Windstream Holdings worth $15,936,000 as of its most recent filing with the SEC. Several other large investors also recently made changes to their positions in WIN. Creative Planning raised its stake in shares of Windstream Holdings by 4.0% in the third quarter. Creative Planning now owns 10,269 shares of the company’s stock valued at $103,000 after buying an additional 397 shares during the period. Aviance Capital Management LLC bought a new stake in shares of Windstream Holdings during the third quarter valued at about $116,000. Two Sigma Securities LLC bought a new stake in shares of Windstream Holdings during the third quarter valued at about $120,000. Alps Advisors Inc. bought a new stake in shares of Windstream Holdings during the third quarter valued at about $121,000. Finally, Russell Investments Group Ltd. bought a new stake in shares of Windstream Holdings during the fourth quarter valued at about $120,000. Shares of Windstream Holdings Inc (NYSE:WIN) opened at 5.63 on Friday. The company’s market capitalization is $547.73 million. Windstream Holdings Inc has a 12-month low of $5.16 and a 12-month high of $10.46. The firm’s 50-day moving average is $6.35 and its 200-day moving average is $7.57. Windstream Holdings (NYSE:WIN) last announced its quarterly earnings results on Wednesday, March 1st. The company reported ($0.94) earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, missing analysts’ consensus estimates of ($0.63) by $0.31. The firm had revenue of $1.31 billion for the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $1.34 billion. During the same quarter last year, the firm posted $1.41 earnings per share. The company’s quarterly revenue was down 8.3% on a year-over-year basis. On average, equities analysts predict that Windstream Holdings Inc will post ($0.97) EPS for the current year. The company also recently declared a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Monday, April 17th. Stockholders of record on Friday, March 31st will be issued a $0.15 dividend. This represents a $0.60 dividend on an annualized basis and a dividend yield of 10.66%. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Wednesday, March 29th. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY NOTICE: This news story was originally posted by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are viewing this news story on another publication, it was stolen and republished in violation of United States and international copyright laws. The correct version of this news story can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/09/state-street-corp-raises-position-in-windstream-holdings-inc-win.html. Several brokerages recently issued reports on WIN. Citigroup Inc decreased their price target on shares of Windstream Holdings from $8.50 to $7.00 and set a “neutral” rating on the stock in a report on Monday, March 20th. Goldman Sachs Group Inc reaffirmed a “sell” rating and set a $4.50 price target on shares of Windstream Holdings in a report on Wednesday, March 22nd. Zacks Investment Research raised shares of Windstream Holdings from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $8.50 target price on the stock in a report on Wednesday, January 11th. Jefferies Group LLC raised shares of Windstream Holdings from an “underperform” rating to a “hold” rating and set a $7.50 target price on the stock in a report on Thursday, March 2nd. Finally, JPMorgan Chase & Co. initiated coverage on shares of Windstream Holdings in a report on Wednesday, March 15th. They set a “neutral” rating and a $7.00 target price on the stock. Two research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, six have given a hold rating and one has assigned a buy rating to the company’s stock. The company currently has an average rating of “Hold” and an average price target of $7.21. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding WIN? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Windstream Holdings Inc (NYSE:WIN). Receive News & Ratings for Windstream Holdings Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Windstream Holdings Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Government Wants to Know Trump Critic on Twitter Susan Rice Denies leaking Names of Officials in Intelligence Reports Senate Facing Showdown over Nomination of Neil Gorsuch Ex-Trump Advisor Michael Flynn Seeking Immunity Challenges on Rollback of Climate Policies to Come © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Saudi Arabia Middle East World Business & Economy Business & Economy Corporate News Sports Lifestyle Lifestyle Art & Culture fashion Offbeat Travel Science & Technology Food & Health Motoring Opinion Media Search form Search The Middle East’s Leading English Language Daily Search form Search Last updated: 1 min 16 sec ago Saudi Arabia Middle East World Business Corporate News Sports Lifestyle Art & Culture fashion Offbeat Travel Science & Technology Food & Health Motoring Opinion Editorial Letters Media Jobs Egypt bombings: Muslim countries lead chorus of condemnation US steps up pressure on Syria ahead of Russia talks ‘Saudi people want to shop in the mall, not from their computer’ The Saudi economy: ‘With great challenges come great opportunities’ Arab News to host panel on ‘Middle East’s perception problem’ Terror threat: Did UK govt. turn blind eye to ‘hotbeds of extremism’? Wins for Yemen govt. as port reclaimed, Parliament set to move to Aden Arabs, Muslims condemn Egypt church bombings Trump has ‘confidence’ in El-Sisi’s leadership after attacks; Pope prays for victims Russian computer scientist arrested in Spain: police You are here Home Business & Economy London finance chief upbeat after Brexit trigger Business & Economy London finance chief upbeat after Brexit trigger /node/1081871/business-economy London finance chief upbeat after Brexit trigger AFP | Published — Monday 10 April 2017 LONDON: The outlook for London’s financial sector has improved since Brexit was triggered, insists the man charged with its policy, even as banks remain set to move some jobs abroad. Mark Boleat, who spoke on Thursday to AFP after British Prime Minister Theresa May activated the process for Britain’s EU exit, nevertheless urged speedy trade talks to minimize disruption. The signing of Article 50 of the Lisbon Treaty late last month has kick-started a two-year countdown to Brexit. “On the whole, I think things are looking rather better,” Boleat said when asked about the impact on London’s financial sector, otherwise known as the City. “We would hope that the negotiations go quickly and go well,” he said. If early agreement could be reached on the terms for exit and on the rights of EU nationals, “there will be the minimum of disruption to business and consumers in this country — and in Europe,” said Boleat, who steps down next month as policy chairman of the City of London Corporation (CLC). Bank of England (BoE) Gov. Mark Carney on Friday warned of sector-wide consequences of leaving without a trade deal but was optimistic for an agreement. In the run-up to last year’s Brexit referendum, the business community threw its weight behind the failed Remain campaign, arguing it would prompt large-scale City job losses. So far, HSBC has stated it would likely shift 1,000 jobs to Paris, where the banking titan already has a significant operation. US player Goldman Sachs will, meanwhile, move 1,000 staff from London to Frankfurt. Boleat sought, however, to calm jitters over banks shifting jobs to other major European hubs. “Banks have had contingency plans since before the Brexit referendum in some cases. They have known there is a possibility that Britain will not be in the single market — that has now been confirmed.” Many banks “will need to restructure what they are doing — perhaps cease doing a few things, in some cases build up business elsewhere in the EU. They are getting on and doing that.” And he cited US investment bank JPMorgan’s Chief Executive Jamie Dimon, who stated this week that he did not foresee shifting many staff from Britain over the next two years because of Brexit. “I don’t think businesses are going to announce what they are doing in a great fanfare,” Boleat said. As executives such as Jamie Dimon had pointed out: “We are going to need to build up our resources in other EU member states.” A few people would be moved, but “no one is going to say: We are closing down in London,” he said. Historic insurance market Lloyd’s of London was the first group to respond to the Brexit trigger, announcing it will open a Brussels subsidiary in early 2019. The market, which insures against catastrophes such as earthquakes, shipwrecks and revolutions, is seeking to ensure its continued access across the bloc. Lloyd’s is “a unique organization. It is not a company, it is a market. They will have to do something if Britain is outside the single market,” Boleat told AFP. “They have spent a long time looking at location. They have decided it is Brussels.” But that was only part of their business, he said. “It is Lloyd’s of London. The vast bulk of its business will stay in London. It will not be Lloyd’s of Brussels,” the departing policy chief added. Boleat also argued that the future location of euro clearing — the processing of euro currency transactions — should remain in London. France has been particularly vocal that other EU hubs should be ready to take over from London. “The clearing is done in London because that is where the expertise is. That’s where the market is. Brexit will not change that,” Boleat said. “Euro clearing is already a political football — but we hope that economic reality will determine the outcome, not a wish to have a trophy function move to another place.” LONDON: The outlook for London’s financial sector has improved since Brexit was triggered, insists the man charged with its policy, even as banks remain set to move some jobs abroad. Mark Boleat, who spoke on Thursday to AFP after British Prime Minister Theresa May activated the process for Britain’s EU exit, nevertheless urged speedy trade talks to minimize disruption. The signing of Article 50 of the Lisbon Treaty late last month has kick-started a two-year countdown to Brexit. “On the whole, I think things are looking rather better,” Boleat said when asked about the impact on London’s financial sector, otherwise known as the City. “We would hope that the negotiations go quickly and go well,” he said. If early agreement could be reached on the terms for exit and on the rights of EU nationals, “there will be the minimum of disruption to business and consumers in this country — and in Europe,” said Boleat, who steps down next month as policy chairman of the City of London Corporation (CLC). Bank of England (BoE) Gov. Mark Carney on Friday warned of sector-wide consequences of leaving without a trade deal but was optimistic for an agreement. In the run-up to last year’s Brexit referendum, the business community threw its weight behind the failed Remain campaign, arguing it would prompt large-scale City job losses. So far, HSBC has stated it would likely shift 1,000 jobs to Paris, where the banking titan already has a significant operation. US player Goldman Sachs will, meanwhile, move 1,000 staff from London to Frankfurt. Boleat sought, however, to calm jitters over banks shifting jobs to other major European hubs. “Banks have had contingency plans since before the Brexit referendum in some cases. They have known there is a possibility that Britain will not be in the single market — that has now been confirmed.” Many banks “will need to restructure what they are doing — perhaps cease doing a few things, in some cases build up business elsewhere in the EU. They are getting on and doing that.” And he cited US investment bank JPMorgan’s Chief Executive Jamie Dimon, who stated this week that he did not foresee shifting many staff from Britain over the next two years because of Brexit. “I don’t think businesses are going to announce what they are doing in a great fanfare,” Boleat said. As executives such as Jamie Dimon had pointed out: “We are going to need to build up our resources in other EU member states.” A few people would be moved, but “no one is going to say: We are closing down in London,” he said. Historic insurance market Lloyd’s of London was the first group to respond to the Brexit trigger, announcing it will open a Brussels subsidiary in early 2019. The market, which insures against catastrophes such as earthquakes, shipwrecks and revolutions, is seeking to ensure its continued access across the bloc. Lloyd’s is “a unique organization. It is not a company, it is a market. They will have to do something if Britain is outside the single market,” Boleat told AFP. “They have spent a long time looking at location. They have decided it is Brussels.” But that was only part of their business, he said. “It is Lloyd’s of London. The vast bulk of its business will stay in London. It will not be Lloyd’s of Brussels,” the departing policy chief added. Boleat also argued that the future location of euro clearing — the processing of euro currency transactions — should remain in London. France has been particularly vocal that other EU hubs should be ready to take over from London. “The clearing is done in London because that is where the expertise is. That’s where the market is. Brexit will not change that,” Boleat said. “Euro clearing is already a political football — but we hope that economic reality will determine the outcome, not a wish to have a trophy function move to another place.” Comments View the discussion thread. MORE FROM Business & Economy ‘Saudi people want to shop in the mall, not from their computer’ What happens when you turn a top-notch banker into a shopkeeper? If the plans for Arabian... The Saudi economy: ‘With great challenges come great opportunities’ JEDDAH: Few would dispute that Saudi Arabia’s economy has witnessed some tough times. But as this... Arab News to host panel on ‘Middle East’s perception problem’ London finance chief upbeat after Brexit trigger China probes chief of top insurance regulator Investors flock to macro hedge funds Load more ‘Saudi people want to shop in the mall, not from their computer’ The Saudi economy: ‘With great challenges come great opportunities’ Arab News to host panel on ‘Middle East’s perception problem’ London finance chief upbeat after Brexit trigger China probes chief of top insurance regulator Investors flock to macro hedge funds Latest News Egypt bombings: Muslim countries lead chorus of condemnation 55 views US steps up pressure on Syria ahead of Russia talks 72 views ‘Saudi people want to shop in the mall, not from their computer’ 101 views The Saudi economy: ‘With great challenges come great opportunities’ 33 views Arab News to host panel on ‘Middle East’s perception problem’ 9 views Terror threat: Did UK govt. turn blind eye to ‘hotbeds of extremism’? 65 views Opinion — Frank Kane — In era of inequality, soaring CEO pay is a priority issue — Maria Dubovikova — US strike more of a complicator than game-changer — Abdul Rahman Al-Rashed — The danger of the Muslim Brotherhood’s provocative games — Mohammed Nosseir — Egypt’s bomb blasts should prompt a revisit of our policies — Dr. Manuel Almeida — A slim chance for a GCC-Iran strategic dialogue — Daphne Benoit — What if Marine Le Pen wins in May? More in Opinion MOST POPULAR Day Week Month Most Read Shared Oil prices set for strong week after Russia comments, US strike 722 views Janet Jackson splits from Qatari husband 223 views France expels Egyptian-born Swiss imam from country 169 views Iran’s long-exiled prince wants a revolution in age of Trump 164 views Tension escalates as US navy group heads toward Korean peninsula 146 views Clooneys gift $55K holiday to neighbors 134 views Most Read Shared Economy, project suspensions ‘hit Saudi expat remittances’ 20342 views India news presenter learns of husband’s death on live TV 17808 views A father bids farewell to twin toddlers after Syria attack 13866 views Saudi Insurance companies ready to offer no-claim bonus for motor policyholders 13792 views Russia announces retaliatory steps after US strikes Syrian airbase 13204 views Erdogan: 'Hey murderer Assad, how are you going to escape from their curse?' 12735 views Most Read Shared Iran continues to sponsor terror: US defense chief 25784 views Economy, project suspensions ‘hit Saudi expat remittances’ 20342 views India news presenter learns of husband’s death on live TV 17808 views Viral video of Turkish proposal in front of Islam’s Kaaba sparks anger online 17314 views Escorts cannot travel without the passport holder  14217 views A father bids farewell to twin toddlers after Syria attack 13866 views Contact Us About Arab news Advertise Privacy & Terms of Service © 2017 SAUDI RESEARCH & PUBLISHING COMPANY, All Rights Reserved And subject to Terms of Use Agreement.
Jump to main navigationJump to main content News Search News by eluta.ca Search Jobs at eluta.ca Jobs Login Register 18  Toronto Subscribe Help AdChoices Home News Opinion Business Investing Sports Life Arts Tech Drive Real Estate Portfolio Watchlist Markets Inside the Market Funds & ETFs Investment Ideas Personal Finance Retirement Home» Globe Investor» Markets Traders work on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange on April 7, 2017 in New York City. (Drew Angerer/Getty Images) Traders work on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange on April 7, 2017 in New York City. (Drew Angerer/Getty Images) U.S. companies poised to report first quarter of double-digit profit gains since 2014 Add to ... Caroline Valetkevitch NEW YORK — Reuters Published Sunday, Apr. 09, 2017 1:29PM EDT Last updated Sunday, Apr. 09, 2017 2:44PM EDT Comments Share via email Share on facebook Share on twitter Share on LinkedIn Print America First may be a main policy of the White House and fuel to the stock market rally but U.S. investors are looking overseas for stronger earnings as S&P 500 companies are set to report their first quarter of double-digit profit gains since 2014. A strong earnings season would help justify pricey stock valuations, with the S&P 500 rallying this month to its most expensive since 2004 on a forward price-to-earnings basis. While the U.S. economy has gotten a lot of attention since the Nov. 8 election and President Donald Trump’s vows to boost the domestic economy, data during the quarter have suggested the global economy is strengthening. That is welcome news for S&P components, since nearly half of their sales come from overseas. Shares of the biggest U.S. companies, which tend to have the most overseas exposure, have been among the strongest performers over the past several weeks. For instance, the S&P 500 has outperformed its average stock this year since mid-February, after performing mostly in line at the beginning of the year. “The fact that we’re seeing stabilization in the global community will bode well for multinational companies and help earnings for the first quarter,” said Terry Sandven, senior equity strategist at U.S. Bank Wealth Management in Minneapolis. “You’ve also seen the dollar not appreciate as much as many had forecast a quarter ago, so multinational companies may get some relief on the [foreign exchange] line,” he said. A weaker dollar boosts offshore revenues when they are translated into the U.S. currency. The U.S. dollar index was down 1.8 per cent in the first quarter, but it was still cheaper during last year’s first quarter. STRONGER DATA AS EARNINGS LOOM A survey last week showed euro zone business activity at a six-year high. Forecasts from the International Monetary Fund show a pickup in the global economy in 2017 and 2018, especially in developing economies. However, some investors worry multinationals may have already priced in big gains in earnings. “As long as nothing changes, these firms are going to be fine,” said Jack Ablin, chief investment officer at BMO Private Bank in Chicago, speaking of the strength of the largest American companies. He warned, however, that stock prices may have taken in any good news. “The market has certainly fully discounted all that.” The U.S. earnings season gets under way this week, with results from banks JPMorgan Chase, Wells Fargo and Citigroup among others. The financial sector is projected to post a 15.4 per cent profit gain, second only to energy among S&P sectors. Energy companies, which carried most of the losses that extended an S&P 500 earnings recession until the second quarter of last year, are expected to do most of the heavy lifting this earnings season with a whopping 600 per cent increase. For the entire S&P 500, analysts are projecting earnings up 10.1 per cent compared with a year ago, which would be the first double-digit increase since the third quarter of 2014, according to Thomson Reuters data. Excluding the energy sector, S&P 500 earnings are expected to be up 6.1 per cent. Revenue is expected to have jumped 7 per cent, the most since 2011, which should help compensate for higher wage and other costs facing companies, strategists said. “We’re seeing revenues contribute materially more to that bottom-line growth,” said Patrick Palfrey, senior equity strategist at RBC Capital Markets in New York. Big profit gains are expected in technology and materials as well, the data showed. “It comes down to a synchronized global economic acceleration ..., a rebound and stabilization in commodity prices and a higher interest rate environment,” Mr. Palfrey said. Report Typo/Error Also on The Globe and Mail Trump trade doubts send dollar, shares tumbling (Reuters)   More Related to this Story How 13 market analysts are reacting to U.S. strikes on Syria The close: TSX ends lower as financials, risk aversion weigh Global stocks spooked, safe-haven assets jump as U.S. missiles hit Syria Topics Capital Markets S&P Company Comments Share via email Share on facebook Share on twitter Share on LinkedIn Print Next story | Learn More Discover content from The Globe and Mail that you might otherwise not have come across. Here we’ll provide you with fresh suggestions where we will continue to make even better ones as we get to know you better. You can let us know if a suggestion is not to your liking by hitting the ‘’ close button to the right of the headline. {{article_sprite}} {{title}} {{published_at}} Trending {{title}} Most popular videos » News Scarlett Johansson 'disappointed' in Ivanka Trump Report on Business This tiny Toronto house sold for $370,000 over asking News Opinion: Saunders: Trump's surprise airstrike part of U.S. political tradition News McCain: We need further air operations in Syria News Clashes at U.N. over U.S. airstrikes on Syria Report on Business Carrick Talks Money: Three ways retirees can defend their savings against a stock market crash News Trudeau, Hollande mark centenary of Vimy Ridge battle Technology Student-designed rocket reaches record heights Report on Business Inside the Market: Three things investors should pay attention to in Q2 Technology LiFi tech turns light bulbs into Internet transmitters Life Want to lose that gut? The Globe's Dave McGinn has three tips from his effort to trim down News Moscow says U.S. ties 'hurt' by Syria missile strike ◀ ● ● ● ▶ More from The Globe and Mail Report on Business Growth slows for Canadian farmland value amid declining field-crop prices Arts With her Leonard Cohen tribute, Feist found a way to say goodbye Most popular U.S. hardens stance on Russia over al-Assad support Fifth body recovered in hiking disaster near Vancouver April 10: Your daily horoscope All of Canada would pay the price if Toronto’s real estate bubble burst Kelly: Garcia’s Masters victory the ultimate act of redemption X connect with us Products The Globe and Mail Newspaper Newspaper delivered to your doorstep. Subscribe to the newspaper Globe Unlimited Digital all access pass across devices. Subscribe to Globe Unlimited Globe2Go The digital replica of our newspaper. Subscribe to Globe2Go Globe Email Newsletters Get top Globe stories sent to your inbox. Subscribe to email newsletters Globe eBooks A collection of articles by the Globe. View the library Advertise with us GlobeLink.ca Your number one partner for reaching Canada's Influential Achievers. Or go directly to: Newspaper Magazine Digital Globe Alliance: extend your reach Globe Edge: custom content Classifieds The Globe at your Workplace Globe Corporate Sales Globe Unlimited digital edition and Globe2Go e-paper group discounts available. Learn more Corporate financial data and content licensing for your organization. Learn more Or go directly to: Report On Business Top 1000 DataStore essential business intelligence Our Company About us Work at The Globe Staff The Globe and Mail Centre Secure Services Secure Drop Staff PGP Directory Customer Service Contact Us Customer Preference Center FAQs Customer Care website Digital subscription services Print subscription services Change your delivery address Vacation Stops Mobile Apps News NEWS APP Available for download on the following devices iPhone iPad Android Blackberry Other Sections Appointments Art Store Births & Announcements Corrections Classifieds Classroom Edition Deaths Newspaper Ads Real Estate Special Reports Site Map Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Disclaimer Accessibility Policy Community Guidelines Globe sustainability Editorial Code of Conduct Restrictions © Thomson Reuters 2012. All rights reserved. Republication or redistribution of Thomson Reuters content, including by framing or similar means, is prohibited without the prior written consent of Thomson Reuters. Thomson Reuters is not liable for any errors or delays in Thomson Reuters content, or for any actions taken in reliance on such content. ‘Thomson Reuters’ and the Thomson Reuters logo are trademarks of Thomson Reuters and its affiliated companies. Globe Investor is part of The Globe and Mail's Report on Business Selected data supplied by Thomson Reuters.© Thomson Reuters Limited. Click for Restrictions . Copyright 2017 The Globe and Mail Inc. All Rights Reserved. 351 King Street East, Suite 1600,  Toronto,  ON  Canada  M5A 0N1 Phillip Crawley, Publisher Add to Watchlist Add to Watchlist We've run into a glitch. Please try again later. We've run into a glitch. Please try again later.
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance General Electric Company - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for General Electric Company with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News William Blair Investment Management LLC Lowers Position in Alphabet Inc (GOOGL) Guardian Capital LP Has $672,000 Position in PepsiCo, Inc. (PEP) Nations Financial Group Inc. IA ADV Acquires 511 Shares of General Electric Company (GE) Guardian Capital Advisors LP Raises Stake in PepsiCo, Inc. (PEP) Raymond James Financial’s (RJF) “Buy” Rating Reaffirmed at Nomura Renaissance Technologies LLC Increases Stake in Gulf Island Fabrication, Inc. (GIFI) 500.com Ltd (WBAI) Stake Decreased by Fmr LLC Shenandoah Telecommunications Company (SHEN) Position Reduced by Fmr LLC Fmr LLC Raises Stake in Bristow Group Inc (BRS) Glovista Investments LLC Cuts Stake in Apple Inc. (AAPL) Cim Investment Mangement Inc. Boosts Position in Exxon Mobil Co. (XOM) Northwest Quadrant Wealth Management LLC Invests $289,000 in Exxon Mobil Co. (XOM) German American Bancorp., Inc. (GABC) Shares Bought by Renaissance Technologies LLC BlackRock, Inc. (BLK) Sees Large Decline in Short Interest AMERCO (UHAL) Short Interest Down 8.9% in March O'Reilly Automotive Inc (ORLY) Sees Significant Increase in Short Interest Ruth's Hospitality Group, Inc. (RUTH) Shares Bought by State Street Corp Dimensional Fund Advisors LP Has $24,413,000 Stake in The Advisory Board Company (ABCO) Dimensional Fund Advisors LP Has $24,844,000 Position in Banco Santander, S.A. (SAN) Quality Systems, Inc. (QSII) Shares Bought by Dimensional Fund Advisors LP Nations Financial Group Inc. IA ADV Acquires 511 Shares of General Electric Company (GE) April 9th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Latisha Jones Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Nations Financial Group Inc. IA ADV boosted its stake in shares of General Electric Company (NYSE:GE) by 1.1% during the fourth quarter, according to its most recent filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). The institutional investor owned 48,003 shares of the company’s stock after buying an additional 511 shares during the period. General Electric Company makes up approximately 1.6% of Nations Financial Group Inc. IA ADV’s holdings, making the stock its 10th largest position. Nations Financial Group Inc. IA ADV’s holdings in General Electric Company were worth $1,517,000 as of its most recent filing with the SEC. Other large investors have also recently bought and sold shares of the company. Rothschild Investment Corp IL raised its stake in shares of General Electric Company by 4.6% in the third quarter. Rothschild Investment Corp IL now owns 504,506 shares of the company’s stock valued at $14,943,000 after buying an additional 22,344 shares in the last quarter. NBW Capital LLC bought a new stake in shares of General Electric Company during the third quarter valued at $2,853,000. Leisure Capital Management raised its stake in shares of General Electric Company by 0.3% in the third quarter. Leisure Capital Management now owns 68,894 shares of the company’s stock valued at $2,041,000 after buying an additional 188 shares in the last quarter. Farmers & Merchants Investments Inc. raised its stake in shares of General Electric Company by 2.7% in the third quarter. Farmers & Merchants Investments Inc. now owns 350,485 shares of the company’s stock valued at $10,381,000 after buying an additional 9,113 shares in the last quarter. Finally, Horizon Investments LLC raised its stake in shares of General Electric Company by 73.7% in the fourth quarter. Horizon Investments LLC now owns 49,545 shares of the company’s stock valued at $1,565,000 after buying an additional 21,025 shares in the last quarter. 54.68% of the stock is currently owned by institutional investors and hedge funds. Shares of General Electric Company (NYSE:GE) opened at 29.99 on Friday. The stock has a market capitalization of $261.66 billion, a P/E ratio of 33.58 and a beta of 1.20. General Electric Company has a one year low of $28.19 and a one year high of $33.00. The stock’s 50 day moving average price is $29.89 and its 200 day moving average price is $30.21. General Electric Company (NYSE:GE) last issued its quarterly earnings data on Friday, January 20th. The company reported $0.46 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, meeting the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of $0.46. General Electric Company had a return on equity of 15.99% and a net margin of 6.86%. The firm earned $33.10 billion during the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $33.67 billion. During the same quarter in the previous year, the company posted $0.52 EPS. The business’s revenue for the quarter was down 2.4% compared to the same quarter last year. On average, analysts forecast that General Electric Company will post $1.63 EPS for the current year. The firm also recently disclosed a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Tuesday, April 25th. Shareholders of record on Monday, February 27th will be given a $0.24 dividend. The ex-dividend date is Thursday, February 23rd. This represents a $0.96 annualized dividend and a yield of 3.20%. General Electric Company’s payout ratio is 106.67%. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY WARNING: “Nations Financial Group Inc. IA ADV Acquires 511 Shares of General Electric Company (GE)” was reported by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are reading this story on another website, it was stolen and republished in violation of US and international trademark and copyright laws. The correct version of this story can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/09/nations-financial-group-inc-ia-adv-acquires-511-shares-of-general-electric-company-ge.html. Several equities research analysts have weighed in on the company. Deutsche Bank AG reaffirmed a “neutral” rating and issued a $28.00 target price on shares of General Electric Company in a research report on Wednesday. Vetr cut General Electric Company from a “strong-buy” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $33.56 price target for the company. in a research note on Tuesday, April 4th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. reissued an “underweight” rating on shares of General Electric Company in a research note on Monday, April 3rd. William Blair reissued a “buy” rating on shares of General Electric Company in a research note on Saturday, April 1st. Finally, BMO Capital Markets reissued a “hold” rating on shares of General Electric Company in a research note on Thursday, March 23rd. Two analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, seven have given a hold rating and thirteen have issued a buy rating to the company’s stock. The company presently has an average rating of “Buy” and an average price target of $33.14. In other General Electric Company news, insider Jeffrey S. Bornstein acquired 5,000 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction on Tuesday, January 31st. The stock was purchased at an average price of $29.63 per share, for a total transaction of $148,150.00. Following the transaction, the insider now owns 68,757 shares in the company, valued at approximately $2,037,269.91. The transaction was disclosed in a document filed with the SEC, which can be accessed through this hyperlink. Also, Vice Chairman David Leon Joyce sold 159,662 shares of General Electric Company stock in a transaction on Friday, February 3rd. The shares were sold at an average price of $29.56, for a total value of $4,719,608.72. Following the completion of the transaction, the insider now owns 738,907 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $21,842,090.92. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Insiders own 0.23% of the company’s stock. About General Electric Company Want to see what other hedge funds are holding GE? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for General Electric Company (NYSE:GE). Receive News & Ratings for General Electric Company Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for General Electric Company and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Government Wants to Know Trump Critic on Twitter Susan Rice Denies leaking Names of Officials in Intelligence Reports Senate Facing Showdown over Nomination of Neil Gorsuch Ex-Trump Advisor Michael Flynn Seeking Immunity Challenges on Rollback of Climate Policies to Come © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Democracy Dies in Darkness Sections Sign In Username Subscribe Accessibility for screenreader Home Page U.S. & World | Regional Politics PowerPost The Fix White House Courts and Law Polling Monkey Cage Fact Checker Post Politics Blog Opinions The Post's View Toles Cartoons Telnaes Animations Local Opinions Global Opinions Letters to the Editor Act Four All Opinions Are Local Book Party Compost Erik Wemple Five Myths In Theory The Plum Line PostEverything PostPartisan Rampage Right Turn The Watch Volokh Conspiracy DemocracyPost Sports Redskins NFL MLB NBA NHL AllMetSports Soccer Boxing/MMA College Sports College Football College Basketball D.C. Sports Bog Early Lead Fancy Stats Golf Tennis Fantasy Sports Local D.C. Maryland Virginia Public Safety Education Obituaries Transportation Weather Retropolis National Acts of Faith Health and Science National Security Investigations Morning Mix Post Nation True Crime Obituaries World Africa The Americas Asia and Pacific Europe Middle East National Security WorldViews Checkpoint Business Wonkblog On Leadership Personal Finance Digger Energy and Environment Markets On Small Business World Business Capital Business Tech Innovations The Switch Lifestyle Arts and Entertainment Advice Carolyn Hax Food Travel Wellness Magazine Home and Garden Inspired Life Fashion KidsPost On Parenting Reliable Source The Intersect Solo-ish Entertainment Books Comics Comic Riffs Going Out Guide Horoscopes Movies Museums Music Puzzles and Games Theater and Dance TV Restaurants Bars & Clubs Crosswords Video World Top News Entertainment Local Popular Video Politics Live Sports Opinions National Business Technology Style Newsletters & Alerts Podcasts Cape Up Ciquizza Can He Do That? Presidential Sports Photography In Sight Washington Post Live Events Live Chats Real Estate Rentals Where We Live Recently Sold Homes Cars Jobs Classifieds Partners Express Parade WP BrandStudio washingtonpost.com 1996-2017 The Washington Post Terms of Service Privacy Policy Submissions and Discussion Policy RSS Terms of Service Ad Choices Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on Google Plus Share via Email Share on LinkedIn Share on Pinterest Share on Tumblr Resize Text Print Article Comments0 The inside track on Washington politics. Be the first to know about new stories from PowerPost. Sign up to follow, and we’ll e-mail you free updates as they’re published. You’ll receive free e-mail news updates each time a new story is published. You’re all set! Sign up *Invalid email address Got it Got it 2 Desktop notifications are on   | Turn off Get breaking news alerts from The Washington Post Turn on desktop notifications? Yes Not now It looks like you've previously blocked notifications. Please update your browser permissions to allow them. Answer Sheet Analysis Analysis Interpretation of the news based on evidence, including data, as well as anticipating how events might unfold based on past events Beyond ‘The Apprentice’: Why the U.S. needs a thriving apprenticeship system The inside track on Washington politics. Be the first to know about new stories from PowerPost. Sign up to follow, and we’ll e-mail you free updates as they’re published. You’ll receive free e-mail news updates each time a new story is published. You’re all set! Sign up *Invalid email address Got it Got it By Valerie Strauss By Valerie Strauss April 9 at 11:00 AM Follow @valeriestrauss In this July 9, 2004, photo, Donald Trump is interviewed at Universal Studios Hollywood about his show “The Apprentice.” (Ric Francis/Associated Press) If you hear the word “apprentice,” you may well think of Donald Trump’s “The Apprentice” television show, where he famously told people they were fired, or have a flashback to learning in school about “apprenticeships” in the Middle Ages, when young people would learn a trade at the foot of skilled craftsmen (while providing virtually free labor for years). Well, apprenticeships never died. In Germany today, for example, 60 percent of high school students spend half of their school time doing academic work and the other half getting hands-on training at a company. Other countries, too, have successful apprenticeship programs that successfully keep young people working. In the United States, where the focus for years has been getting more people to graduate from college, less than 5 percent of young people train as apprentices. But there is new interest among policymakers in raising that number significantly. President Trump recently embraced the idea of creating millions of apprenticeships over the next five years. Here’s more on this subject from Jonathan Hasak,  a director of public policy and government affairs at Year Up, a national nonprofit that connects low-income young adults with livable-wage careers. It is one of a number of organizations in that space, including YouthBuild, which works with unemployed young people around the world who dropped out of high school to gain skills they need for employment.   By Jonathan Hasak An interesting thing happened at the White House recently when Salesforce chief executive Marc Benioff attended a roundtable discussion on vocational training with U.S. and German business leaders.  President Trump left that meeting and embraced Benioff’s moonshot goal of creating 5 million apprenticeships within five years, winning praise from advocates who believe that a four-year college should not be the only pathway to a good job in this country. But with only 505,000 apprentices currently enrolled in Labor Department-registered programs, getting to 5 million apprenticeships will require a level of commitment and investment from America’s C-suites that has been largely absent.  Consider that in 2014, then-President Barack Obama used his State of the Union address to call on employers to double the number of apprenticeships at the time to 750,000 by 2019. Still, any commitment from the White House that helps Americans gain skills that have real currency in today’s labor market should be applauded.  But instead of focusing solely on apprenticeships — an employer-led, driven, and funded model — the Trump administration and corporate leaders like Benioff ought to reframe their moonshot goal and embrace a spectrum of work-based education programs that provide a hand up to Americans who are out of work, out of school, and lacking opportunities to gain stable employment. All Americans deserve on-ramps to good jobs and apprenticeships can certainly help. Many apprenticeship advocates often point to the successful German model, which has students spending half of the school week getting paid by company training and the other half in related academic work.  What is perhaps most compelling about German apprenticeships is that they were not created as placeholders for non-college bound youth.  Rather, they are popular alternative pathways for job readiness and postsecondary education. But in its current form, the American apprenticeship system is too small, too exclusive, and poorly targeted. And despite bipartisan support for apprenticeships, they are available in only a narrow range of occupations, predominately in the building trade and manufacturing industries.  As a result, there is low employer demand for apprenticeships, with more companies using cost-effective programs that look like apprenticeships. Year Up, for example, is a national organization that has spent the past 16 years connecting low-income young adults with livable-wage careers in high-growth industries in a single year.  It’s mission is to close the mismatches in the youth labor market, also known as the Opportunity Divide, and to date, it has served more than 16,000 students and helped develop custom training solution to meet the specific needs of over 250 corporate partners. Given that the federal government has spent $2.4 billion annually in training Opportunity Youth — the approximate 5.5 million young adults in this country who are out of work and out of school — with limited labor market outcomes, Year Up’s success should not be overlooked.  Students intern at top companies across the country, such as JPMorgan Chase, Salesforce, and American Express, and 85 percent of graduates are employed or attending college full time within four months of completing the year-long program at starting salaries averaging $36,000 a year. Year Up’s success can provide two important lessons for any vocational training initiative that ends up coming out of the White House. First, a demand-driven approach is critical for expanding access to opportunity.  This requires mobilizing employers to help correct education, workforce, and apprenticeship systems that have failed to provide young adults the skills they need for success in life by making them more responsive to jobs employers are actually creating.  Year Up does this through a campaign called Grads of Life, a national initiative focused on helping employers build and strengthen their talent pipelines.  It would not be hard to imagine a similar type of campaign led by the White House and corporate leaders such as Marc Benioff that targets corporate social responsibility offices and tries to convince employers to make longer-term commitments to training. Second, reformers should connect apprenticeships and other work-based education program to our existing education systems — something Year Up has been doing through its partnerships with community colleges.  Even for Opportunity Youth who are disengaged from school, the easiest place to find a training provider or an apprenticeship is often at schools.  And so more integration of work-based education programs to existing secondary and postsecondary systems — infrastructure with substantial investments in work-based learning — would make it easier to improve career pathways offered to students. Trump is an expert at branding — and creating 5 million apprenticeships from the former Apprentice himself has a certain ring to it.  But retraining and upskilling millions of Americans will require offering up a spectrum of work-based education programs.  Call it what you will.  But it’s going to take more than just apprenticeships. Read more: [What vocational education students need today — but aren’t likely to get under Trump] [Blue-collar and service work takes more smarts than you may think] [Want more jobs? Give high school students more exposure to training for a variety of careers]     local answer-sheet Orlando Shooting Updates News and analysis on the deadliest mass shooting in U.S. history. post_newsletter348 follow-orlando false after3th false Please provide a valid email address. Sign up You’re all set! See all newsletters local answer-sheet Dallas shooting updates News and analysis on the deadliest day for police since 9/11. post_newsletter353 follow-dallas true endOfArticle false Please provide a valid email address. Sign up You’re all set! See all newsletters 0 Comments  Share on FacebookShare   Share on TwitterTweet Share via Email Valerie Strauss covers education and runs The Answer Sheet blog. Follow @valeriestrauss 0 Show Comments Discussion Policy Comments SuperFan Badge SuperFan badge holders consistently post smart, timely comments about Washington area sports and teams. More about badges | Request a badge Culture Connoisseur Badge Culture Connoisseurs consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on the arts, lifestyle and entertainment. More about badges | Request a badge Fact Checker Badge Fact Checkers contribute questions, information and facts to The Fact Checker. More about badges | Request a badge Washingtologist Badge Washingtologists consistently post thought-provoking, timely comments on events, communities, and trends in the Washington area. More about badges | Request a badge Post Writer Badge This commenter is a Washington Post editor, reporter or producer. Post Forum Badge Post Forum members consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on politics, national and international affairs. More about badges | Request a badge Weather Watcher Badge Weather Watchers consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on climates and forecasts. More about badges | Request a badge World Watcher Badge World Watchers consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on international affairs. More about badges | Request a badge Post Contributor Badge This commenter is a Washington Post contributor. Post contributors aren’t staff, but may write articles or columns. In some cases, contributors are sources or experts quoted in a story. More about badges | Request a badge Post Recommended Washington Post reporters or editors recommend this comment or reader post. You must be logged in to report a comment. Sign in here You must be logged in to recommend a comment. Sign in here Comments our editors find particularly useful or relevant are displayed in Top Comments, as are comments by users with these badges: . Replies to those posts appear here, as well as posts by staff writers. All comments are posted in the All Comments tab. More about badges Get a badge To pause and restart automatic updates, click "Live" or "Paused". If paused, you'll be notified of the number of additional comments that have come in. Comments our editors find particularly useful or relevant are displayed in Top Comments, as are comments by users with these badges: . Replies to those posts appear here, as well as posts by staff writers. Spam Offensive Disagree Off-Topic Among the criteria for featured comments: likes by users, replies by users, previous history of valuable commenting, and selection by moderators. Facebook Twitter Reddit StumbleUpon Digg Most Read 1 New York set to become first state to offer free tuition at public four-year colleges 2 What Metro can learn from the Atlanta subway’s effort to win riders 3 Like Obama before him, Trump struggles to deport some foreign-born criminals 4 D.C. police believe they’ve solved 8-year murder mystery; arrest boyfriend of woman who vanished from home in 2009 5 Perspective Theresa May is no feminist hero. Her decision not to wear a headscarf in Saudi Arabia was not brave Our Online Games Play right from this page Mahjongg Dimensions Strategy game Spider Solitaire Card game Mahjongg Candy Strategy game local answer-sheet Success! Check your inbox for details. Please enter a valid email address You might also like: Sign Up No Thanks See all newsletters   Search Jobs Featured Jobs professional development assistant - great opportunity for recent graduates!! Legal E cyber security analyst - ts/sci required - norfolk, va General Dynamics senior cnd analyst, security operations , ts/sci, washington dc General Dynamics washingtonpost.com © 1996-2017 The Washington Post   Help and Contact Us Terms of Service Privacy Policy Print Products Terms of Sale Digital Products Terms of Sale Submissions and Discussion Policy RSS Terms of Service Ad Choices Close video player Now Playing Read content from allstate Content from Allstate This content is paid for by an advertiser and published by WP BrandStudio. The Washington Post newsroom was not involved in the creation of this content. Learn more about WP BrandStudio. We went to the source. Here’s what matters to millennials. A state-by-state look at where Generation Y stands on the big issues.
Top News Opinion Entertainment Taiwan Living Learn English E-Newsletter App International Edition Monday April 10, 2017 About Us Subscribe Advertise Contact Us Business Company Focus Africa Middle East Europe Americas Asia Global Markets CEO Talks London finance chief upbeat after Brexit trigger By Roland Jackson, AFP  Monday, April 10, 2017, 12:02 am TWN SHARE CLOSE Blogger   Google+ Live Journal   Plurk Stumble Upon     Tweet A- A+ 中文 LONDON -- The outlook for London's financial sector has improved since Brexit was triggered, insists the man charged with its policy, even as banks remain set to move some jobs abroad. Mark Boleat, who spoke on Thursday to AFP after British Prime Minister Theresa May activated the process for Britain's EU exit, nevertheless urged speedy trade talks to minimize disruption. The signing of Article 50 of the Lisbon Treaty late last month has kick-started a two-year countdown to Brexit. "On the whole, I think things are looking rather better," Boleat said when asked about the impact on London's financial sector, otherwise known as the City. "We would hope that the negotiations go quickly and go well," he said. If early agreement could be reached on the terms for exit and on the rights of EU nationals, "there will be the minimum of disruption to business and consumers in this country — and in Europe," said Boleat, who steps down next month as policy chairman of the City of London Corporation. Bank of England chief Governor Mark Carney on Friday warned of sector-wide consequences of leaving without a trade deal, but was optimistic for an agreement. London to Lose Bank Jobs In the run-up to last year's Brexit referendum, the business community threw its weight behind the failed Remain campaign, arguing it would prompt large-scale City job losses. So far, HSBC has stated it would likely shift 1,000 jobs to Paris, where the banking titan already has a significant operation. U.S. player Goldman Sachs will meanwhile move 1,000 staff from London to Frankfurt. Boleat sought, however, to calm jitters over banks shifting jobs to other major European hubs. "Banks have had contingency plans since before the Brexit referendum in some cases. They have known there is a possibility that Britain will not be in the single market — that has now been confirmed." Many banks "will need to restructure what they are doing — perhaps cease doing a few things, in some cases build up business elsewhere in the European Union. They are getting on and doing that." And he cited U.S. investment bank JPMorgan's chief executive Jamie Dimon, who stated this week that he did not foresee shifting many staff from Britain over the next two years because of Brexit. "I don't think businesses are going to announce what they are doing in a great fanfare," Boleat said. As executives such as Jamie Dimon had pointed out, "we are going to need to build up our resources in other EU member states." A few people would be moved, but "no one is going to say: we are closing down in London," he said. Historic insurance market Lloyd's of London was the first group to respond to the Brexit trigger, announcing it will open a Brussels subsidiary in early 2019. The market, which insures against catastrophes such as earthquakes, shipwrecks and revolutions, is seeking to ensure its continued access across the bloc. 1|2|Next Page>> NEXT ARTICLE More retail store jobs cut as buyers go online Facebook Twitter Google+ Write a Comment Terms Enter your comments - 3000 characters max Type in image code  Receive our promos  Respond to this email Submit MOST POPULAR OF THIS SECTION 1 Now that the US is out, Beijing authorities may be interested in attending TPP talks 2 Reports of TSMC's US plant rattle Taiwan 3 TSMC still considering plans for 3nm chip production 4 Why analysts believed TSMC was looking elsewhere 5 Wanda ends bid for US producer 6 Brazil investment plan under discussion: Taiwanese IC company 7 China's Premier Li arrives in New Zealand for talks 8 Wistron shares soar on earnings, Apple orders 9 American Airlines buys stake in China Southern Airlines 10 Debt, low wages signal rise of youth poverty: job bank Subscribe  |   Advertise  |   RSS Feed  |   About Us  |   Career  |   Contact Us Sitemap  |   Top Stories  |   Taiwan  |   China  |   Business  |   Asia  |   World  |   Sports  |   Life  |   Arts & Leisure  |   Health  |   Editorial  |   Commentary Travel  |   Movies  |   TV Listings  |   Classifieds  |   Bookstore  |   Getting Around  |   Weather  |   Guide Post  |   Student Post  |   Terms of Use  |   Sitemap   Copyright © 1999 – 2017 The China Post. Breaking news from Taiwan, China and the world. News X Top Stories Taiwan China Business Asia World Sports Life Health Opinion X Editorial Commentary Entertainment X Movies & TV Arts & Leisure Discover Taiwan Travel Taiwain Living X Dream Catcher Eye On Taiwan Consumer Highlights TV Listings Classifieds Bookstore Supplement Chinese Fables Getting Around Weather Learn English X Guide Post Bilingual News Student Post
null
RecomN - Local Services| About Us| E-Paper| Search| MOBILE KLIK UNTUK PROJEKMMO 点击M中文网 Facebook Twitter RSS Last updated Monday, April 10, 2017 2:46 pm GMT+8 Kuala Lumpur 32°C, Mostly Cloudy MMOTV News Malaysia World Money Life Showbiz Opinion Sports Eat/Drink Travel Read Tech/Gadgets Drive Gallery Money Investors look to global growth for earnings power Sunday April 9, 2017 07:43 AM GMT+8 ICYMI The Edit: Damage to Great Barrier Reef ‘unprecedented’ ProjekMMO: Menang enam anugerah, Ziela Jalil kenang jasa Buntat Familiarity breeds tension in Champions League quarterfinals The Edit: ‘Gilmore Girls’ stars respond to the latest revival rumours Advertisement More stories                Tools Increase Text Decrease Text Reset Text Print Article A trader works on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE) before the opening bell in the Manhattan borough of New York, US April 4, 2017. — Reuters picNEW YORK, April 9 — America First may be a main policy of the White House and fuel to the stock market rally but US investors are looking overseas for stronger earnings as S&P 500 companies are set to report their first quarter of double-digit profit gains since 2014. A strong earnings season would help justify pricey stock valuations, with the S&P 500 rallying this month to its most expensive since 2004 on a forward price-to-earnings basis. While the US economy has gotten a lot of attention since the November 8 election and President Donald Trump’s vows to boost the domestic economy, data during the quarter has suggested the global economy is strengthening. That is welcome news for S&P components, since nearly half of their sales come from overseas. Shares of the biggest US companies, which tend to have the most overseas exposure, have been among the strongest performers over the past several weeks. For instance, the S&P 500 has outperformed its average stock this year since mid-February, after performing mostly in line at the beginning of the year. “The fact that we’re seeing stabilisation in the global community will bode well for multinational companies and help earnings for the first quarter,” said Terry Sandven, senior equity strategist at US Bank Wealth Management in Minneapolis. “You’ve also seen the dollar not appreciate as much as many had forecast a quarter ago, so multinational companies may get some relief on the (foreign exchange) line,” he said. A weaker dollar boosts offshore revenues when they are translated into the US currency. The US dollar index was down 1.8 per cent in the first quarter, but it was still cheaper during last year’s first quarter. Stronger data as earnings loom A survey this week showed euro zone business activity at a six-year high. Forecasts from the International Monetary Fund show a pickup in the global economy in 2017 and 2018, especially in developing economies. However, some investors worry multinationals may have already priced in big gains in earnings. “As long as nothing changes, these firms are going to be fine,” said Jack Ablin, chief investment officer at BMO Private Bank in Chicago, speaking of the strength of the largest American companies. He warned, however, that stock prices may have taken in any good news. “The market has certainly fully discounted all that.” The US earnings season gets under way next week, with results from banks JPMorgan Chase, Wells Fargo  and Citigroup among others. The financial sector is projected to post a 15.4 per cent profit gain, second only to energy among S&P sectors. Energy companies, which carried most of the losses that extended an S&P 500 earnings recession until the second quarter of last year, are expected to do most of the heavy lifting this earnings season with a whopping 600 per cent increase. For the entire S&P 500, analysts are projecting earnings up 10.1 per cent compared with a year ago, which would be the first double-digit increase since the third quarter of 2014, according to Thomson Reuters data. Excluding the energy sector, S&P 500 earnings are expected to be up 6.1 per cent. Revenue is expected to have jumped 7 per cent, the most since 2011, which should help compensate for higher wage and other costs facing companies, strategists said. “We’re seeing revenues contribute materially more to that bottom-line growth,” said Patrick Palfrey, senior equity strategist at RBC Capital Markets in New York. Big profit gains are expected in technology and materials as well, the data showed. “It comes down to a synchronised global economic acceleration ...; a rebound and stabilisation in commodity prices and a higher interest rate environment,” Palfrey said. — Reuters                MORE ON MMOTV Most Viewed Now Week Australia PM, Musk discuss offer to fix power woes Activist targets GM share structure, board Selangor Zakat Board targets RM700m tithe collection in 2017 Deutsche Bank board to meet Sunday to discuss capital hike Ringgit slightly lower against US dollar Australia PM, Musk discuss offer to fix power woes Deutsche Bank board to meet Sunday to discuss capital hike Selangor Zakat Board targets RM700m tithe collection in 2017 Activist targets GM share structure, board Second Australia miner declares force majeure in wake of Cyclone Debbie Most Watched Now Week Reuters Video: ‘Babies’ on board for Beyonce and Jay Z Star-studded lineup in 'War Machine' Reuters Video: Cast and crew of ‘The Beguiled’ discuss the remake Reuters Video: ‘Babies’ on board for Beyonce and Jay Z Reuters Video: Cast and crew of ‘The Beguiled’ discuss the remake Star-studded lineup in 'War Machine' Related Articles Wall Street sees Fed balance sheet normalisation plan by year end, poll shows US stocks flat as March jobs growth disappoints US employment growth seen slowing as warm weather boost fades Wall Street posts slight gain, investors anxious on Trump-Xi meet (VIDEO) Many states still struggling despite growing US economy Advertisement MMO Instagram Tweets by @themmailonline Tweets by @themmailonline MMOTV News Malaysia World Money Life Showbiz Opinion Sports Eat/Drink Travel Read Tech/Gadgets Drive Gallery Copyright © 2017 Malay Mail Online About Us | Contact Us | Policies | Search | Archive | E-Paper | Mobile | ProjekMMO | RecomN - Local Services
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance BlackRock Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for BlackRock Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News BlackRock, Inc. (BLK) Sees Large Decline in Short Interest AMERCO (UHAL) Short Interest Down 8.9% in March O'Reilly Automotive Inc (ORLY) Sees Significant Increase in Short Interest Ruth's Hospitality Group, Inc. (RUTH) Shares Bought by State Street Corp Dimensional Fund Advisors LP Has $24,413,000 Stake in The Advisory Board Company (ABCO) Dimensional Fund Advisors LP Has $24,844,000 Position in Banco Santander, S.A. (SAN) Quality Systems, Inc. (QSII) Shares Bought by Dimensional Fund Advisors LP Dimensional Fund Advisors LP Reduces Position in Depomed Inc (DEPO) Continental Building Products Inc (CBPX) Stake Increased by State Street Corp State Street Corp Raises Position in Windstream Holdings Inc (WIN) State Street Corp Boosts Position in Blucora Inc (BCOR) OMNOVA Solutions Inc. (OMN) Stake Cut by State Board of Administration of Florida Retirement System State Board of Administration of Florida Retirement System Has $429,000 Stake in New Relic Inc (NEWR) State Board of Administration of Florida Retirement System Holds Position in Ferroglobe PLC (GSM) State Board of Administration of Florida Retirement System Has $442,000 Position in SunPower Co. (SPWR) Bel Fuse, Inc. (BELFB) Position Held by State Board of Administration of Florida Retirement System 17,849 Shares in Black Knight Financial Services Inc (BKFS) Acquired by Russell Investments Group Ltd. Short Interest in Mettler-Toledo International Inc. (MTD) Decreases By 3.3% Dynegy Inc. (DYN) Bonds Trading 1% Lower Q4 2018 Earnings Forecast for Hudson's Bay Co (HBC) Issued By National Bank Financial BlackRock, Inc. (BLK) Sees Large Decline in Short Interest April 9th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Jeff Wilder Filed Under: Finance - Options Articles Tweet BlackRock, Inc. (NYSE:BLK) was the recipient of a large decline in short interest during the month of March. As of March 31st, there was short interest totalling 2,343,509 shares, a decline of 9.2% from the March 15th total of 2,580,944 shares. Based on an average daily volume of 605,546 shares, the short-interest ratio is presently 3.9 days. In other BlackRock news, insider J. Richard Kushel sold 8,573 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction on Wednesday, February 8th. The stock was sold at an average price of $374.92, for a total value of $3,214,189.16. The sale was disclosed in a filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is available through the SEC website. Also, CFO Gary Shedlin sold 2,417 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction on Friday, February 3rd. The shares were sold at an average price of $375.00, for a total value of $906,375.00. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Insiders have sold a total of 26,614 shares of company stock valued at $10,014,028 over the last 90 days. Insiders own 2.20% of the company’s stock. A number of hedge funds have recently modified their holdings of the company. Norges Bank acquired a new stake in shares of BlackRock during the fourth quarter worth $3,254,686,000. State Street Corp boosted its stake in shares of BlackRock by 7.9% in the fourth quarter. State Street Corp now owns 5,332,773 shares of the company’s stock worth $2,029,332,000 after buying an additional 389,812 shares during the last quarter. Capital World Investors boosted its stake in shares of BlackRock by 33.3% in the third quarter. Capital World Investors now owns 4,375,014 shares of the company’s stock worth $1,585,768,000 after buying an additional 1,092,806 shares during the last quarter. Morgan Stanley boosted its stake in shares of BlackRock by 2.3% in the third quarter. Morgan Stanley now owns 2,414,880 shares of the company’s stock worth $875,296,000 after buying an additional 53,785 shares during the last quarter. Finally, Northern Trust Corp boosted its stake in shares of BlackRock by 0.4% in the third quarter. Northern Trust Corp now owns 1,785,263 shares of the company’s stock worth $647,086,000 after buying an additional 6,231 shares during the last quarter. Hedge funds and other institutional investors own 80.82% of the company’s stock. Several brokerages have weighed in on BLK. Morgan Stanley reiterated a “market perform” rating on shares of BlackRock in a report on Saturday, December 17th. Credit Suisse Group AG reiterated an “outperform” rating on shares of BlackRock in a report on Saturday, December 10th. Goldman Sachs Group Inc downgraded BlackRock from a “buy” rating to a “neutral” rating and cut their price target for the company from $410.00 to $403.00 in a report on Wednesday, January 4th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. reiterated a “buy” rating on shares of BlackRock in a report on Wednesday, March 8th. Finally, Citigroup Inc boosted their price target on BlackRock from $425.00 to $430.00 and gave the company a “buy” rating in a report on Wednesday, January 25th. Seven research analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and seven have assigned a buy rating to the company’s stock. The stock currently has a consensus rating of “Buy” and an average target price of $409.36. Shares of BlackRock (NYSE:BLK) opened at 386.02 on Friday. The stock’s 50 day moving average is $384.56 and its 200 day moving average is $374.21. BlackRock has a 52 week low of $317.60 and a 52 week high of $399.46. The stock has a market capitalization of $62.97 billion, a PE ratio of 20.27 and a beta of 1.72. BlackRock (NYSE:BLK) last issued its earnings results on Friday, January 13th. The company reported $5.14 earnings per share for the quarter, topping the Zacks’ consensus estimate of $5.02 by $0.12. The firm earned $2.89 billion during the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $2.93 billion. BlackRock had a net margin of 28.44% and a return on equity of 11.20%. The firm’s revenue for the quarter was up .9% compared to the same quarter last year. During the same period last year, the firm posted $4.75 earnings per share. Analysts anticipate that BlackRock will post $21.43 EPS for the current fiscal year. The firm also recently announced a quarterly dividend, which was paid on Thursday, March 23rd. Investors of record on Monday, March 6th were issued a dividend of $2.50 per share. This represents a $10.00 dividend on an annualized basis and a yield of 2.59%. This is a boost from BlackRock’s previous quarterly dividend of $2.29. The ex-dividend date was Thursday, March 2nd. BlackRock’s dividend payout ratio (DPR) is presently 48.11%. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY NOTICE: “BlackRock, Inc. (BLK) Sees Large Decline in Short Interest” was first reported by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are reading this piece of content on another domain, it was stolen and reposted in violation of US & international trademark & copyright laws. The correct version of this piece of content can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/09/blackrock-inc-blk-sees-large-decline-in-short-interest.html. About BlackRock BlackRock, Inc (BlackRock) is an investment management company. BlackRock provides a range of investment and risk management services to institutional and retail clients worldwide. Its diverse platform of active (alpha) and index (beta) investment strategies across asset classes enables the Company to tailor investment outcomes and asset allocation solutions for clients. Receive News & Ratings for BlackRock Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for BlackRock Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Government Wants to Know Trump Critic on Twitter Susan Rice Denies leaking Names of Officials in Intelligence Reports Senate Facing Showdown over Nomination of Neil Gorsuch Ex-Trump Advisor Michael Flynn Seeking Immunity Challenges on Rollback of Climate Policies to Come © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Cleveland.com Menu Home News Politics Local News Opinion Business Sports High School Sports Entertainment Obituaries Jobs Autos Real Estate Rentals Videos Photos Akron News Place an Ad Classifieds Find&Save Local Businesses Follow Us Subscribe Back to Main Menu Metro The Plain Dealer Weather Health & Medical Crime Data Central Columnists Courts Nation World Special Reports Back to Main Menu Mark Naymik Michael McIntyre Phillip Morris Back to Main Menu At Any (Court) Cost A Critical Choice: Nursing home care Cleveland's Bike Life Justice for All: Bail reform Know the RX: Opioid addiction resources Remaking The Q Stolen in the Suburbs Back to Main Menu State Politics National Politics & Elections Cleveland City Hall Cuyahoga County Insider Special Report: Ohio Matters Back to Main Menu Akron Beachwood Berea Brecksville Brunswick Chagrin Falls Cleveland Heights Hillcrest Lakewood Lyndhurst-South Euclid Medina Parma Shaker Heights Solon Strongsville Westlake More East Side More West Side Back to Main Menu Letters to the Editor Jeff Darcy's Cartoons Kevin O'Brien More columnists Back to Main Menu Real Estate Energy Consumer Affairs Personal Finance Top Workplaces Back to Main Menu Browns Indians Cavaliers Ohio State Big 10 & Recruiting College Columns Monsters Golf Horse Racing Outdoors Sports Insider Videos Photos Back to Main Menu Terry Pluto Bud Shaw Bill Livingston Back to Main Menu Boys Ice Hockey Girls Gymnastics Boys Basketball Girls Basketball Wrestling Boys Bowling Girls Bowling Boys Swimming Girls Swimming Football Off Season Sports Back to Main Menu Baseball Softball Boys Track and Field Girls Track and Field Girls Volleyball Boys Lacrosse Girls Lacrosse Boys Tennis Girls Tennis Boys Cross Country Girls Cross Country Field Hockey Boys Golf Girls Golf Boys Soccer Girls Soccer Back to Main Menu Food/Dining Best Of Events Movies Music TV Books Arts Theater Friday! People Living Travel Style Essential CLE Comics Crossword & Puzzles Back to Main Menu Dining Guide Bars Cooking Top Restaurants Drinks Back to Main Menu Homes New Homes Rent Foreclosures Commercial Home Remodeling Place an Ad Back to Main Menu All Rentals Apartments & Communities Commercial Leases Place an Ad Back to Main Menu cleveland.com Videos Back to Main Menu cleveland.com Photos Community Photos Submit Your Photos Back to Main Menu Pets For Sale Garage Sales Celebrations Fraud Prevention Manage Your Ad Place an Ad Back to Main Menu Find A Business Food & Dining Retail Shopping Health & Medicine Personal Care Entertainment Real Estate Automotive Claim Your Business Back to Main Menu Visit our Facebook Page Follow us on Twitter Visit us on Google Plus Back to Main Menu The Plain Dealer Sun News Media Insider Rewards Back to Main Menu Close Customize Your Weather Set Your Location: Congratulations! Your weather is set to . You can change the location at any time. AccuWeather.com Quick Look Change your current location » View Full Weather Report Search Search Cleveland.com Account Sign In Close Sign in to Cleveland.com You are signed in as Edit Public Profile Sign Out Subscribe The Plain Dealer Sun News Media Insider Rewards comments Bringing diversity, inclusion to Cleveland's clean-energy economy: SeMia Bray (Opinion) Print Email Guest Columnist/cleveland.com By Guest Columnist/cleveland.com The Plain Dealer on April 09, 2017 at 6:17 AM, updated April 09, 2017 at 6:18 AM comments The Cleveland/Cuyahoga County academy represents a major step forward for diversity and inclusion. SeMia Bray is director of Emerald Cities ClevelandSeMia Bray  CLEVELAND -- A few weeks ago, 15 women and minority business owners of diverse ages and nationalities completed the first session of our E-Contractor Academy serving Cleveland and Cuyahoga County. The academy's curriculum, delivered in seven weekly seminars, substantially enhanced the abilities of these local entrepreneurs to advance Cleveland's clean-energy economy while growing their own companies. The academy is a project of Emerald Cities Cleveland, a local affiliate of the national Emerald Cities Collaborative. It is designed to expand inclusion, diversity and equity in the clean-energy arena by qualifying historically disadvantaged contractors to compete for energy efficiency, renewable energy and green infrastructure projects. In doing so, the academy supports the Emerald Cities Collaborative's goal of ensuring that residents of low-income communities of color enjoy all the economic and health benefits of clean energy. Among the academy's graduates were Harold Harper, president of Comfort Master Heating and Cooling; Deborah Kerr, owner of Dierko Construction; Thurston Jennings IV, owner of IV Electric; and Jose Ramos Jr., executive vice president of Alternalite Electric - minority businesspeople who expect their participation to lead to more work in green energy, green construction and/or renewable energy. The academy also is a major building block in the Emerald Cities Collaborative's mission to build high-road - sustainable, just and inclusive - economies that offer family-supporting, career-path, local jobs in projects that save energy and money while increasing communities' resilience to severe weather and other ravages of climate change. In Cuyahoga County, our mission first bore fruit in June 2014, with our RENEW program, which employed some 40 local workers in making energy efficiency and renewable energy upgrades to municipal buildings in the city of Seven Hills. Emerald Cities Collaborative staff facilitated $1.9 million in financing for the energy-saving and money-saving upgrades and, at no cost to the city, provided technical and project support. Emerald Cities aims to RENEW suburban city halls, create jobs, cut carbon and utility bills (2014) Emerald Cities Cleveland's RENEW work led, the following spring, to Cuyahoga County's establishment of a Clean Energy Financing Hub, now a central point of contact for financing of affordable, clean-energy retrofits and renewable power supplies. These projects will lower energy costs, reduce pollution and grow the local economy while benefiting local businesses, institutions, governments and homeowners. Via the hub, the county's Department of Sustainability is leveraging $225,000 in county resources to make up to $120 million in private-sector money available to finance energy-efficiency building retrofits and renewable-energy technologies such as rooftop solar. At present, construction projects worth up to $15 million are in the financing pipeline. The new E-Contractor Academy, Emerald Cities Cleveland's most recent project, is modeled on the original program in Los Angeles County sponsored by the Emerald Cities Collaborative. LA academy graduates - owners of small firms that are minority-, women- and veteran-owned doing energy-efficiency work - have so far landed more than $3 million in contract awards from LA County and another $12.46 million from the county's Metropolitan Transportation Authority. Locally, thanks to financial support from JPMorgan Chase and in-kind contributions from Cuyahoga County, the new E-Contractor Academy's seven-week program of once-a-week, three-hour seminars is free of charge to qualifying local contractors. The Cleveland/Cuyahoga County academy represents a major step forward for diversity and inclusion in Ohio's clean-energy economy, as does our role in the Great Lakes' first offshore wind energy project, LEEDCo (Lake Erie Energy Development Company). December: LEEDCo's Icebreaker seeking local contractors and suppliers LEEDCo, a regional nonprofit, is spearheading the construction and installation in Lake Erie of a 20.7-megawatt demonstration project, dubbed Icebreaker for being the region's first project of its kind. The project encompasses construction of six wind turbines sited eight to 10 miles from the Cleveland Harbor. With the Icebreaker project, LEEDCo and its partners aim to make Ohio a cornerstone of the American offshore wind industry while re-energizing Northeast Ohio's economy. Emerald Cities Cleveland's role is to ensure project diversity among supply-chain companies, with an emphasis on local workers and businesses. During the pre-construction phase, Emerald Cities Cleveland is supporting design and implementation of strategies connecting small and minority businesses to the project's supply chain opportunities; providing outreach to, and training and support for, minority, women and veteran contractors; and overseeing compliance on labor and supplier/contractor diversity. Along with our colleagues in Emerald Cities Cooperative's national office, we at Emerald Cities Cleveland are excited to be part of these innovative and forward-looking projects, which are expanding sustainability, diversity and economic development in our city, county and state. SeMia Bray is director of Emerald Cities Cleveland and previously served as senior director of emerging programs and institutional advancement at the Urban League of Greater Cleveland. Have something to say about this topic? Use the comments to share your thoughts, and stay informed when readers reply to your comments by using the Notification Settings (in blue) just below. ************** cleveland.com is a partner of the Greater Cleveland Food Bank. Every dollar buys four meals for the hungry. Click here to donate. Editorial Cartoon Trump right to strike Syria ... Jeff Darcy's cartoons» Opinion Features Read letters to the editor Submit a letter to the editor How to submit an opinion article Most Read Active Discussions About Us About Cleveland.com About Advance Ohio Advertise with us Audience FAQ Contact Us Career Opportunities Community FAQ Subscribe The Plain Dealer Sun News eNewsletters Subscriber Service Media Insider Rewards View My Profile Report a Delivery Issue Place a Vacation Hold Make a Payment Cleveland.com Sections News Sports High School Sports Entertainment Living Politics Opinion Obituaries Jobs Autos Real Estate Rentals Classifieds Shopping Deals and Coupons Local Businesses Deals in Your Area Your Regional News Pages Beachwood Brunswick Lakewood Parma & Parma Heights Strongsville More Communities Mobile Mobile Apps More on Cleveland.com Videos Photos Interact with us Weather Post a job Post a classified ad Sell your car Sell/rent your home Sitemap & search Sponsor Content Follow Us Twitter | Facebook | Google+ | Instagram | Pinterest Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement and Privacy Policy © 2017 Advance Ohio All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Advance Ohio Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site. Ad Choices
Home Markets Companies Opinion Politics Technology Specials PF Portfolio My Page GST Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll North East West South Election News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page GST Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page GST Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page GST BS APPS iPad iPhone Android Wap BS PRODUCTS Smart Investor BS Hindi BS Motoring BS Books Today's Paper BS SPECIALS B2B Connect Power & Energy SME BS E-Paper Hi, Change Password Subscribe Sign out Change Password Manage My Account Sign out SIGN IN Subscribe               TRENDING ON BS #TelecomWars #Demonetisation #ElectionResults2017 #GST #AssemblyElections2017 News Stock Quote Authors  News    Stock Quote    Authors You are here: Home » PTI Stories » National » News Man kills wife over petty issue Business Standard China probes chief of top insurance regulator AFP  |  Beijing  April 9, 2017 Last Updated at 15:02 IST email this article Message: Recipients' Email: Type address separated by commas Your Email: Enter the characters shown in the image. Send me a copy:   http://mybs.in/2UUu1CI ALSO READ China regulator raps stock market 'crocodiles' Regulator: China needs to rein in risky stock behavior China replaces finance minister Lou Jiwei: Xinhua Most Asia stocks up after China data, Bangkok soars China stock regulator challenges corporate hype to cool economic zone fever China has opened an investigation into the head of its top insurance regulatory body, the anti-corruption watchdog said today in an announcement that could signal problems for some of the country's most powerful companies. Xiang Junbo is being probed for "suspected serious violation of the Party's code of conduct," the Central Commission for Discipline Inspection said in a brief statement on its website. The phrase is often a euphemism for corruption. Xiang took the top spot at the China Insurance Regulatory Commission in 2011 after heading the Agricultural Bank of China, one of the biggest state banks. Various Chinese regulatory agencies have trained their sights on the insurance industry, complaining about companies' use of their financial holdings to fund risky acquisitions in real estate and unlisted equities. In February Beijing announced investigations into several major insurance companies, including Evergrande Life and Foresea Life, for alleged market manipulation. The announcement came after the chairman of the China Securities Regulatory Commission singled out the industry as a home for "barbarians" and "thieves" who engaged in debt-fuelled stock market acquisitions. The president of PICC, the country's first non-life insurance company, is also currently being probed for corruption. Rumours about a possible investigation into Xiang have been swirling for months. He has previously been tied to scandal. In 2014, the New York Times reported he approached JPMorgan executives for a job for the child of a well-connected friend. Last November the company agreed to pay a $264 million fine to the US government to settle claims it had violated the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act by handing out jobs to the friends and family of top Chinese officials under similar circumstances in exchange for preferential treatment. (This story has not been edited by Business Standard staff and is auto-generated from a syndicated feed.) Read More On National News | International News | Insurance | China | Bank | Beijing | Stock Market | Pti Stories | News PREVIOUS STORY NEXT STORY RECOMMENDED FOR YOU Advertisements Rs 2 lakh health coverage @ Rs 8* per day Club ITC - 25% earnings on dining at ITC Hotels Lavish 3 & 4 BHK in Khar, Mumbai @ 6.9 Cr* Onwards Open a demat account with Sharekhan & learn online trading. Go Cashless, buy Health Insurance Online Luxury 3 & 4 BHK in BKC, Mumbai @ 6.4 Cr* Onwards New to investing in shares? New to the Stock Market? Take your FirstStep China probes chief of top insurance regulator China has opened an investigation into the head of its top insurance regulatory body, the anti-corruption watchdog said today in an announcement that could signal problems for some of the country's most powerful companies. Xiang Junbo is being probed for "suspected serious violation of the Party's code of conduct," the Central Commission for Discipline Inspection said in a brief statement on its website. The phrase is often a euphemism for corruption. Xiang took the top spot at the China Insurance Regulatory Commission in 2011 after heading the Agricultural Bank of China, one of the biggest state banks. Various Chinese regulatory agencies have trained their sights on the insurance industry, complaining about companies' use of their financial holdings to fund risky acquisitions in real estate and unlisted equities. In February Beijing announced investigations into several major insurance companies, including Evergrande Life and Foresea Life, for alleged market manipulation. The ... China has opened an investigation into the head of its top insurance regulatory body, the anti-corruption watchdog said today in an announcement that could signal problems for some of the country's most powerful companies. Xiang Junbo is being probed for "suspected serious violation of the Party's code of conduct," the Central Commission for Discipline Inspection said in a brief statement on its website. The phrase is often a euphemism for corruption. Xiang took the top spot at the China Insurance Regulatory Commission in 2011 after heading the Agricultural Bank of China, one of the biggest state banks. Various Chinese regulatory agencies have trained their sights on the insurance industry, complaining about companies' use of their financial holdings to fund risky acquisitions in real estate and unlisted equities. In February Beijing announced investigations into several major insurance companies, including Evergrande Life and Foresea Life, for alleged market manipulation. The announcement came after the chairman of the China Securities Regulatory Commission singled out the industry as a home for "barbarians" and "thieves" who engaged in debt-fuelled stock market acquisitions. The president of PICC, the country's first non-life insurance company, is also currently being probed for corruption. Rumours about a possible investigation into Xiang have been swirling for months. He has previously been tied to scandal. In 2014, the New York Times reported he approached JPMorgan executives for a job for the child of a well-connected friend. Last November the company agreed to pay a $264 million fine to the US government to settle claims it had violated the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act by handing out jobs to the friends and family of top Chinese officials under similar circumstances in exchange for preferential treatment. (This story has not been edited by Business Standard staff and is auto-generated from a syndicated feed.) AFP Business Standard http://bsmedia.business-standard.com/_media/bs/wap/images/bs_logo_amp.png 177 22 China probes chief of top insurance regulator China has opened an investigation into the head of its top insurance regulatory body, the anti-corruption watchdog said today in an announcement that could signal problems for some of the country's most powerful companies. Xiang Junbo is being probed for "suspected serious violation of the Party's code of conduct," the Central Commission for Discipline Inspection said in a brief statement on its website. The phrase is often a euphemism for corruption. Xiang took the top spot at the China Insurance Regulatory Commission in 2011 after heading the Agricultural Bank of China, one of the biggest state banks. Various Chinese regulatory agencies have trained their sights on the insurance industry, complaining about companies' use of their financial holdings to fund risky acquisitions in real estate and unlisted equities. In February Beijing announced investigations into several major insurance companies, including Evergrande Life and Foresea Life, for alleged market manipulation. The announcement came after the chairman of the China Securities Regulatory Commission singled out the industry as a home for "barbarians" and "thieves" who engaged in debt-fuelled stock market acquisitions. The president of PICC, the country's first non-life insurance company, is also currently being probed for corruption. Rumours about a possible investigation into Xiang have been swirling for months. He has previously been tied to scandal. In 2014, the New York Times reported he approached JPMorgan executives for a job for the child of a well-connected friend. Last November the company agreed to pay a $264 million fine to the US government to settle claims it had violated the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act by handing out jobs to the friends and family of top Chinese officials under similar circumstances in exchange for preferential treatment. (This story has not been edited by Business Standard staff and is auto-generated from a syndicated feed.) AFP Business Standard http://bsmedia.business-standard.com/_media/bs/wap/images/bs_logo_amp.png 177 22 MORE ON MARKETS: Quick Links Stock Market Live Portfolio Commodity Market Upcoming IPO Personal Finance Stock Market News Derivatives Mutual Funds Gold Price Sensex Browse STOCK Companies A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 Browse Mutual Funds A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z Index Stocks ACC Adani Ports Ambuja Cem. Asian Paints Aurobindo Pharma Axis Bank B P C L Bajaj Auto Bank of Baroda Bharti Airtel Bharti Infra. Bosch Cipla Coal India Dr Reddy's Labs Eicher Motors GAIL (India) Grasim Inds H D F C HCL Technologies HDFC Bank Hero Motocorp Hind. Unilever Hindalco Inds. ICICI Bank Indiabulls Housing Finance Indian Oil Corporation Ltd. IndusInd Bank Infosys ITC Kotak Mah. Bank Larsen & Toubro Lupin M & M Maruri Suzuki NTPC O N G C Power Grid Corpn Reliance Inds. St Bk of India Sun Pharma. Inds. Tata Motors Tata Motors-DVR Tata Power Co. Tata Steel TCS Tech Mahindra UltraTech Cement Ltd Wipro Yes Bank Zee Entertainment Copyrights © 2017 Business Standard Private Ltd. All rights reserved. From BS Website Home Companies Markets Opinion Politics Technology Specials Personal Finance Budget Latest News Today's Paper RBI Policy General News General Videos General Photo Gallery Events Authors About us About Us Code of Conduct Terms & Conditions Cookie Policy Disclaimer Investor Communication Support & Contact Partner with Us Careers Advertise with Us Contact Us Feedback Browser Support Sitemap Subscribe E-Paper BS Magazines Portfolio Tracker BS Products Smart Investor BS Hindi BS Motoring BS Books B2B Connect iPhone iPad android wap BS Fund Cafe 2016 Budget Insight Out Budget 2017 Budget 2017 Budget News Budget Connect with BS Facebook Google+ Linkedin Twitter Youtube RSS Upgrade To Premium Services Welcome User Business Standard is happy to inform you of the launch of "Business Standard Premium Services" As a premium subscriber you get an across device unfettered access to a range of services which include: Access Exclusive content - articles, features & opinion pieces Weekly Industry/Genre specific newsletters - Choose multiple industries/genres Access to 17 plus years of content archives Set Stock price alerts for your portfolio and watch list and get them delivered to your e-mail box End of day news alerts on 5 companies (via email) NEW: Get seamless access to WSJ.com at a great price. No additional sign-up required.   Premium Services In Partnership with   Dear Guest,   Welcome to the premium services of Business Standard brought to you courtesy FIS. Kindly visit the Manage my subscription page to discover the benefits of this programme. Enjoy Reading! Team Business Standard  
Markets BI Intelligence Events Trending Tech Insider Finance Politics Strategy Life Sports Video All × From To You have successfully emailed the post. × 
     

 Here's how you'll know if Trump is making America's economy great again Bob Bryan Apr. 9, 2017, 6:08 AM 3,387 facebook linkedin twitter email print Joe Raedle/Getty Images President Donald Trump promised frequently throughout his campaign to "Make American great again" or "MAGA." Part of his promise was to revive the sleepy US economy, which has been experiencing its slowest post-recession recovery in decades. So far, Trump has not delivered on many of his economic policy promises. We haven't seen a tax plan, an infrastructure investment plan, or any sense of additional economic policy from the White House. There have been a few Trump meetings with individual business leaders to secure commitments to bring back jobs (though many of these had already been announced), but otherwise not a whole lot to go on. However, this has not dampened the enthusiasm of Americans for the possibility of economic growth. Consumer confidence has been soaring, with both the University of Michigan and the Conference Board's indexes hitting multi-year highs. Additionally, the Pew Research Center found that Americans feel better about the economy than they have at any time since the financial crisis. While this boost for consumers has been highly partisan — Republicans' enthusiasm has surged while Democrats view the economy similarly to previous years, according to the Pew survey — it does seem that overall people think the economy is going to improve under Trump. Unfortunately, this enthusiasm has yet to translate to real economic activity. "Hard data" that measures actual economic transactions has yet to see a substantial boost since Trump's election. In fact, the Federal Reserve of Atlanta's GDPNow tracker, which only incorporates "hard data," slid on Friday to just 0.6% for the first quarter of 2017. Yet, there still is one way to get a sense of whether a Trump boom is coming or not — look at whether businesses and/or people are tapping into credit. Credit can be a good piece of "hard data" because it is an implicit indication that Americans feel that the economy will improve over the medium to long-term.  Consumers and businesses that take out a loan assume they will be able to pay back the balance of the loan in the future and are thus more inclined to access credit when their expectations of the economy are improving. While volatile, recent consumer credit data from the Federal Reserve has not shown a substantial uptick since the election, remaining roughly in line with the trend. Andy Kiersz/Business Insider The same goes for bank lending to businesses. The Federal Reserve's H.8 report, which shows the weekly outstanding loans at US banks has slowed considerably and has been especially bad for loans to businesses. "Of particular note, YOY C&I loan growth decelerated to 2.7% this quarter from 7.1% last quarter," said a note from JPMorgan economist Daniel Silver. "That said, the deceleration was broad-based across all loan categories and at banks both large and small. The decline seems to reflect borrowers waiting for greater certainty around tax, healthcare costs, etc." JPMorgan Now, the effect will be complicated by the fact that the Federal Reserve has launched on a path of increasing interest rates. The more expensive it is to borrow, the less likely a person or business is to take out a loan. However, interest rates are still incredibly low and if expectations are for economic growth to double, it is likely borrowers would look past these measures. Additionally, some of these releases do lag a bit so it can difficult to get a direct read on the current situation. It will be interesting to keep an eye on H.8 as it is a weekly report. Other reports such as the Senior Loan Officer Opinion Survey are also less timely, but can give a sense of the demand for loans. Despite the timeliness issue, an increase in borrowing could be a more direct way of seeing if the reported confidence of Americans is because of possible economic improvement or simply due to the current trendline of economic growth. While there is some variability, logically someone who feels their pay and personal economic situation are going to improve would increase their borrowing. Those who do not feel that way would continue to borrow as usual, or even less. So far there hasn't been a "Trump bump" in credit growth, but Trump's presidency is still young. NOW WATCH: 7 mega-billionaires who made a fortune last year Loading video... More: Consumer Credit Donald Trump H.8 Report facebook linkedin twitter email print × Recommended For You Powered by Sailthru Here's how you'll know if Trump is making America's economy great again Here's how you'll know if Trump is making America's economy great again President Donald Trump promised frequently... Recommended For You Disclaimer Featured Foreign policy star Anne-Marie Slaughter: the 2 key lessons that helped me most in my career More "Idea Factory" » Craiglist's founder Craig Newmark on overcoming 'my suckage as a manager' More "Idea Factory" » Markets Emails & Alerts Get the best of Business Insider delivered to your inbox every day. Sign-Up Get the Slide Deck from Henry Blodget's IGNITION Presentation on the Future of Digital     Read Business Insider On The Go Available on iOS or Android Find A Job Tech Jobs C-Level Jobs Media Jobs Design Jobs Finance Jobs Sales Jobs See All Jobs » Thanks to our partners Follow us on: Also check out: * Copyright © 2017 Business Insider Inc. All rights reserved. Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. Disclaimer Commerce Policy Made in NYC Stock quotes by finanzen.net International Editions: UK DE AUS ID IN MY SG PL SE NL FR IT JP
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance EPR Properties - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for EPR Properties with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Hills Bank & Trust Co. Sells 313 Shares of Walgreens Boots Alliance Inc (WBA) Marsh & McLennan Companies, Inc. (MMC) Shares Sold by CHURCHILL MANAGEMENT Corp 33,300 Shares in Spirit AeroSystems Holdings, Inc. (SPR) Acquired by Denali Advisors LLC Denali Advisors LLC Has $2,062,000 Stake in EPR Properties (EPR) CHURCHILL MANAGEMENT Corp Invests $386,000 in Applied Materials, Inc. (AMAT) Sonoco Products Co (SON) Stake Raised by CHURCHILL MANAGEMENT Corp Denali Advisors LLC Holds Stake in Voya Financial Inc (VOYA) Real Industry Inc (RELY) Expected to Post Earnings of -$0.41 Per Share Somewhat Negative News Coverage Extremely Likely to Effect ChemoCentryx (CCXI) Share Price Fiserv Inc (FISV) Stake Decreased by Trust Co Marathon Oil Co. (MRO) Shares Bought by Trust Co Trust Co Reduces Position in Macy's Inc (M) Trust Co Sells 249 Shares of Lowe's Companies, Inc. (LOW) Catawba Capital Management VA Sells 7 Shares of Parker-Hannifin Corp (PH) Trust Co Acquires 323 Shares of Newell Brands Inc (NWL) Catawba Capital Management VA Invests $302,000 in Comerica Incorporated (CMA) Catawba Capital Management VA Has $9,732,000 Stake in Lowe's Companies, Inc. (LOW) $0.00 in Sales Expected for Singlepoint Inc (SING) This Quarter Brokerages Anticipate Kraft Heinz Co (KHC) Will Post Quarterly Sales of $6.47 Billion ReneSola (SOL) Given News Sentiment Rating of -0.22 Denali Advisors LLC Has $2,062,000 Stake in EPR Properties (EPR) April 9th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Stacy Sanders Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Denali Advisors LLC continued to hold its position in EPR Properties (NYSE:EPR) during the first quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The firm owned 28,000 shares of the company’s stock at the end of the first quarter. Denali Advisors LLC’s holdings in EPR Properties were worth $2,062,000 at the end of the most recent reporting period. Several other hedge funds and other institutional investors have also recently added to or reduced their stakes in the company. California State Teachers Retirement System increased its position in EPR Properties by 0.8% in the third quarter. California State Teachers Retirement System now owns 138,342 shares of the company’s stock valued at $10,893,000 after buying an additional 1,100 shares during the period. Dimensional Fund Advisors LP increased its position in EPR Properties by 2.0% in the fourth quarter. Dimensional Fund Advisors LP now owns 837,941 shares of the company’s stock valued at $60,138,000 after buying an additional 16,301 shares during the period. Capital Growth Management LP increased its position in EPR Properties by 25.0% in the third quarter. Capital Growth Management LP now owns 150,000 shares of the company’s stock valued at $11,811,000 after buying an additional 30,000 shares during the period. BlackRock Investment Management LLC increased its position in EPR Properties by 0.5% in the third quarter. BlackRock Investment Management LLC now owns 224,972 shares of the company’s stock valued at $17,714,000 after buying an additional 1,108 shares during the period. Finally, Principal Financial Group Inc. increased its position in EPR Properties by 7.2% in the third quarter. Principal Financial Group Inc. now owns 2,878,025 shares of the company’s stock valued at $226,615,000 after buying an additional 193,130 shares during the period. 95.55% of the stock is owned by institutional investors and hedge funds. Shares of EPR Properties (NYSE:EPR) traded up 0.09% on Friday, reaching $74.35. 305,314 shares of the company traded hands. EPR Properties has a 52-week low of $64.00 and a 52-week high of $84.67. The company has a market capitalization of $4.77 billion, a PE ratio of 23.45 and a beta of 0.69. The firm has a 50-day moving average of $74.15 and a 200-day moving average of $73.37. EPR Properties (NYSE:EPR) last released its quarterly earnings results on Tuesday, February 28th. The company reported $1.26 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, topping the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of $0.78 by $0.48. EPR Properties had a return on equity of 10.16% and a net margin of 46.29%. The company earned $130.80 million during the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $125.09 million. During the same quarter in the prior year, the business posted $1.18 earnings per share. The company’s revenue for the quarter was up 16.8% compared to the same quarter last year. On average, equities research analysts forecast that EPR Properties will post $3.25 earnings per share for the current fiscal year. The firm also recently declared a apr 17 dividend, which will be paid on Monday, April 17th. Stockholders of record on Friday, March 31st will be paid a $0.34 dividend. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Wednesday, March 29th. EPR Properties’s payout ratio is 130.35%. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION NOTICE: This story was originally reported by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are reading this story on another publication, it was stolen and republished in violation of United States & international trademark & copyright laws. The correct version of this story can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/09/denali-advisors-llc-has-2062000-stake-in-epr-properties-epr.html. EPR has been the subject of several research reports. Zacks Investment Research downgraded EPR Properties from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating in a research note on Friday, January 13th. Stifel Nicolaus lifted their price target on EPR Properties to $80.00 in a research note on Wednesday, March 1st. Finally, JPMorgan Chase & Co. downgraded EPR Properties from an “overweight” rating to a “neutral” rating and set a $78.00 price target for the company. in a research note on Friday, December 16th. Four research analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and three have issued a buy rating to the company. The company currently has a consensus rating of “Hold” and a consensus target price of $82.29. In other news, CEO Gregory K. Silvers sold 20,000 shares of the stock in a transaction on Monday, January 9th. The stock was sold at an average price of $72.16, for a total value of $1,443,200.00. The transaction was disclosed in a legal filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is available at this hyperlink. Also, CFO Mark Alan Peterson sold 13,645 shares of the stock in a transaction on Tuesday, January 17th. The stock was sold at an average price of $74.61, for a total value of $1,018,053.45. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. In the last three months, insiders sold 37,995 shares of company stock valued at $2,777,150. Company insiders own 1.70% of the company’s stock. EPR Properties Company Profile EPR Properties is a specialty real estate investment trust. The Company’s investment portfolio includes primarily entertainment, education and recreation properties. The Company’s segments include Entertainment, Education, Recreation and Other. The Entertainment segment consists of investments in megaplex theatres, entertainment retail centers, family entertainment centers and other retail parcels. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding EPR? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for EPR Properties (NYSE:EPR). Receive News & Ratings for EPR Properties Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for EPR Properties and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Government Wants to Know Trump Critic on Twitter Susan Rice Denies leaking Names of Officials in Intelligence Reports Senate Facing Showdown over Nomination of Neil Gorsuch Ex-Trump Advisor Michael Flynn Seeking Immunity Challenges on Rollback of Climate Policies to Come © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Never miss a great news story! Get instant notifications from Economic Times AllowNot now You can switch off notifications anytime using browser settings. SECTIONS ET APPS ET Android AppET iPhone AppET iPad AppET Wealth Android AppET Blackberry AppET Nokia AppET Markets Android AppET Markets iPhone AppET Money Android App ENGLISH हिन्दीગુજરાતી E-PAPER SIGN-IN FOLLOW US FACEBOOKTWITTERYOUTUBELINKEDINGOOGLE PLUSRSS News LATEST NEWS Good time to look at IT biggies: Rajen Shah FPI custodians, tax consultants in deadlock over GAAR liabilities Gold, silver trade on a cautious note Dilip Buildcon advances on winning two EPC orders worth Rs 580 crore Talking stocks: Sell Kushal Trade Link, hold Persistent Welspun India surges over 8% after Credit Suisse initiates coverage with 'outperform' Neuland Lab tanks 5% as USFDA issues observations to Hyderabad facility Investment tip: How long should you run an SIP Nifty week ahead: Metals, auto, pharma may lag; media, bank, realty stocks likely to shine Home MarketsNewsIndustrySmall BizPoliticsWealthMFTech JobsOpinionBlogsNRIMagazinesSlideshowsET NOWET SpeedET Portfolio Markets Stocks IPOs/FPOs Market Stats Market Moguls Expert View Technicals Technical ChartVisualizeScreener Commodities ViewsNews Precious MetalsGold Petal DelhiGold PetalSilver MicroGold MGoldSilver MSilverGold GuineaSilver 1000OthersMentha Oil Oil & EnergyCrude Oil MiniBrent Crude OilNatural GasCrude OilOil Seeds & OilsCrude Palm OilRBD PalmoleinCastor seedSpicesCardamomPlantationKapasCotton Base MetalsLead MiniNickel MiniLeadAluminium MiniAluminiumNickelCopper MiniCopperZinc MiniZinc Forex Mobile Apps ET Markets Android AppET Markets iPhone App More BondsStock GameChartMantra Technicals Trading GameWebinarsSitemapDefinitions NewsLive BlogTrendsRecosEarningsETMarkets PodcastMarket PaathshalaAnnouncementsPolicyMarket CalendarStock Price Quotes ET Home›Markets›Stocks›News 10:51 AM | 10 Aprmarket stats SENSEX 29,73225.14 NIFTY 50 9,21213.60 GOLD (MCX) (Rs/10g.) 28,69511.00 USD/INR 64.450.17 Portfolio Loading... Select Portfolio and Asset Combination for Display on Market Band Select Portfolio Select Asset Class Stocks MF ETF Show More CREATE PORTFOLIO ADD INVESTMENT Download ET MARKETS APP Get ET Markets in your own language DOWNLOAD THE APP NOW +91 CHOOSE LANGUAGE ENG ENG - English HIN - हिन्दी GUJ - ગુજરાતી MAR - मराठी BEN - বাংলা KAN - ಕನ್ನಡ ORI - ଓଡିଆ TEL - తెలుగు TAM - தமிழ் Drag according to your convenience ET NOW RADIO ET NOW TIMES NOW Investors look to global growth for earnings power By Reuters | Updated: Apr 09, 2017, 12.15 PM IST Post a Comment READ MORE ONWells FargoWealthstock marketSharesRecessionNewsJack Ablin Love visual aspect of news?: Enjoy this exclusive slideshows treat! NEW YORK: America First may be a main policy of the White House and fuel to the stock market rally but US investors are looking overseas for stronger earnings as S&P 500 companies are set to report their first quarter of double-digit profit gains since 2014. A strong earnings season would help justify pricey stock valuations, with the S&P 500 rallying this month to its most expensive since 2004 on a forward price-to-earnings basis. While the US economy has gotten a lot of attention since the Nov. 8 election and President Donald Trump's vows to boost the domestic economy, data during the quarter has suggested the global economy is strengthening. That is welcome news for S&P components, since nearly half of their sales come from overseas. Shares of the biggest US companies, which tend to have the most overseas exposure, have been among the strongest performers over the past several weeks. For instance, the S&P 500 has outperformed its average stock this year since mid-February, after performing mostly in line at the beginning of the year. "The fact that we're seeing stabilization in the global community will bode well for multinational companies and help earnings for the first quarter," said Terry Sandven, senior equity strategist at US Bank Wealth Management in Minneapolis. "You've also seen the dollar not appreciate as much as many had forecast a quarter ago, so multinational companies may get some relief on the (foreign exchange) line," he said. A weaker dollar boosts offshore revenues when they are translated into the US currency. The US dollar index was down 1.8 per cent in the first quarter, but it was still cheaper during last year's first quarter. STRONGER DATA AS EARNINGS LOOM A survey this week showed euro zone business activity at a six-year high. Forecasts from the International Monetary Fund show a pickup in the global economy in 2017 and 2018, especially in developing economies. However, some investors worry multinationals may have already priced in big gains in earnings. "As long as nothing changes, these firms are going to be fine," said Jack Ablin, chief investment officer at BMO Private Bank in Chicago, speaking of the strength of the largest American companies. He warned, however, that stock prices may have taken in any good news. "The market has certainly fully discounted all that." The US earnings season gets under way next week, with results from banks JPMorgan Chase, Wells Fargo and Citigroup among others. The financial sector is projected to post a 15.4 per cent profit gain, second only to energy among S&P sectors. Energy companies, which carried most of the losses that extended an S&P 500 earnings recession until the second quarter of last year, are expected to do most of the heavy lifting this earnings season with a whopping 600 per cent increase. For the entire S&P 500, analysts are projecting earnings up 10.1 per cent compared with a year ago, which would be the first double-digit increase since the third quarter of 2014, according to Thomson Reuters data. Excluding the energy sector, S&P 500 earnings are expected to be up 6.1 per cent. Revenue is expected to have jumped 7 per cent, the most since 2011, which should help compensate for higher wage and other costs facing companies, strategists said. "We're seeing revenues contribute materially more to that bottom-line growth," said Patrick Palfrey, senior equity strategist at RBC Capital Markets in New York. Big profit gains are expected in technology and materials as well, the data showed. "It comes down to a synchronized global economic acceleration ...; a rebound and stabilization in commodity prices and a higher interest rate environment," Palfrey said. Comments(0)Add Comments Investors look to global growth for earnings power To post this comment you must Log In/Connect with:Indiatimes Network or Fill in your details: Will be displayed Will not be displayed Will be displayed Share this Comment:Post to Twitter Related Articles Post holiday, earnings to be in focus Banks and earnings power European shares Demonetisation impacting earnings, spending Earnings could be key driver for stock markets Why youngsters should be allowed to enjoy their earnings READ MORE ONWells FargoWealthstock marketSharesRecessionNewsJack Ablin Stay on top of business news with The Economic Times App.DOWNLOAD NOW FROM AROUND THE WEB Buy homes at Springside in Robbinsville Sharbell Developers We Tried Nutrisystem's New Lean13 Program: Here's What Hap.. Trueself for Nutrisystem Remember Hurley? Wait Till You See What He Looks Like Now WeightLossGrooveMORE FROM ECONOMIC TIMES American Airlines buys stake in China Southern Airlines NSE to launch weekly options contracts on Bank Nifty index Indian Bank to operate on all days till April 1 From Around the WebMore from The Economic Times If You Own a Computer You Must Try This Game Pirates: Free Online Game If you own a computer you must try this game! Vikings: Free Online Game Find Out Why the Gerber Life Grow-Up® Plan is So Well Lov.. Gerber Life Insurance Company Here’s Why Guys Are Obsessed With This Underwear… The Weekly Brief | Mack Weldon 6 interesting things about the new UP CM, Yogi Adityanath I value money because I have seen tough times—Ajinkya Rahane Actress Kalpana given state funeral, celebrities pay homage Railways mulls underground rail link to Hyderabad airport Popular Articles This India-Russia corridor may undercut China's Asia ambitions 10 Apr 2017, 10:47 INSTC is one of corridors that New Delhi is working on as part of connectivity initiatives parallel to China's One Belt One Road strategy. This invisible inflation is quietly eating away at your finances. Find out how 10 Apr 2017, 10:27 Is your money going up in smoke very quickly, which was never the case a few years ago? Read to know how this invisible inflation is affecting your finances. Indians pay more for soaps, shampoos & toothpastes as HUL, P&G get ready for GST 10 Apr 2017, 06:11 In the run-up to GST implementation, HUL & P&G are either changing production strategies or raising prices to reflect the new tax treatment for their products. Cow slaughter ban may soon banish the cow itself 10 Apr 2017, 10:38 From 1997 to 2012 the number of cows has increased from 103 million to 117 million. Over the same time the number of male cattle has gone down from 96 million to 66 million. Depts occupying extra space will have to pay rent 10 Apr 2017, 10:34 Ministries and departments such as external affairs, Press Information Bureau and programme implementation will fall under this category , to name a few. There is no triple talaq in Quran: Salma Ansari 10 Apr 2017, 10:27 Vice President Hamid Ansari's wife, Salma Ansari's views on triple talaq comes at a time when there is a nationwide debate on the practice and its validity.  J&K: Infiltration bid foiled; 4 militants killed 10 Apr 2017, 09:27 A defence spokesman said that a group of militants tried to infiltrate from across the Line of Control (LoC) in Keran sector but troops foiled their bid. EC cancels RK Nagar by-elections in Chennai 10 Apr 2017, 06:24 After several rounds of meeting with Tamil Nadu election officials, the Election Commission decided to rescind the election notification. Manmohan PMO passed buck on CWG scams: PAC 10 Apr 2017, 07:38 The PAC also asked the CBI to take up de novo (afresh) investigation into cases of alleged corruption that were closed by the agency. UP, U'khand to resolve disputes over Ganga assets 10 Apr 2017, 08:24 The Union water resources ministry brought both states to the discussion table and decided to constitute a joint body — Ganga Management Board, next month. Cong to go into a huddle with like-minded oppn parties 10 Apr 2017, 01:09 Cong leadership has sent out invites to many “likeminded Opposition parties” for the meeting scheduled to be held at leader of Opposition Ghulam Nabi Azad’s office. Dalai Lama may name his successor in Tawang 10 Apr 2017, 01:34 Accusing China of making a bid to name his successor, 14th Dalai Lama said it is for the people to decide whether they want to continue with the institution of Dalai Lama or not. NDA meet gets bigger with North East, Kerala allies 10 Apr 2017, 01:41 BJP recently diffused a crisis with Sena, which was upset after flight ban against one of its MPs. Though the BJP has a majority, it had accommodated its allies in govt. 'In the next 5 years UP will be the best in the country' 10 Apr 2017, 00:36 "Every department of Uttar Pradesh govt is plagued with corruption, which the Adityanath government has resolved to root out completely." Modi not to endorse any move that will weaken Hasina 10 Apr 2017, 00:15 Any compromise on the part of Hasina on the proposed agreement to share Teesta water will weaken her position ahead of the election in 2019. View: Political reforms are direly needed in India 10 Apr 2017, 00:06 People need to be encouraged to make government accountable on a daily basis, instead of on a five-year cycle. UP guv Ram Naik, Dy CM speak for ‘Vande Mataram’ 10 Apr 2017, 00:03 "Freedom fighters had laid down their lives singing Vande Mataram. The Constitution had given recognition to national anthem and national song in 1950." 8 killed, several injured during Kashmir by-polls 10 Apr 2017, 00:50 Almost 70 per cent of the polling booths in Budgam district were abandoned by the polling staff due to the spate of violent protests in several areas, officials said. Mohan Bhagwat condemns violence by cow vigilantes 10 Apr 2017, 00:00 RSS chief Mohan Bhagwat said, "Any violence in the name of cow slaughter defames the cause and the law must be obeyed." Gaikwad books AI ticket from Pune to Delhi  9 Apr 2017, 23:36 Gaikwad has booked a business class seat in AI 852, which takes off from Pune at 7.40 AM and lands at Indira Gandhi International airport at 9.50 AM. Have something to say? Post your comment To post this comment you must Log In/Connect with:Indiatimes Network Fill in your details: Will be displayed Will not be displayed Will be displayed Share this Comment:Post to Twitter Most Read Most Shared Most Commented This billionaire made Rs 6,100 crore from only one stock in just two days PSU banks losing foothold fast as private players ride the new wave Nifty week ahead: 6 factors that can steer market in coming week Fifteen stocks in focus on Monday, 10 April 2017 MF inflows into stocks drop 27% to Rs 51,000 crore in FY17 More » Get a Quote Browse CompaniesABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZ|123456789 Browse Mutual FundsABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZ The Economic Times Live Market News Portfolio Mobile Live TV Newsletter Commodities Speed QnA Blogs Alerts RSS Other Times Group news sitesTimes of India|इकनॉमिक टाइम्स ઈકોનોમિક ટાઈમ્સ|Mumbai Mirror Times Now|Indiatimes नवभारत टाइम्स|महाराष्ट्र टाइम्स ವಿಜಯ ಕರ್ನಾಟಕ|Lifehacker Gizmodo|Eisamay|IGN India NavGujarat Samay Living and entertainmentTimescity|iDiva|Zoom| Luxpresso|Gaana|Happytrips| Cricbuzz|Get Smartapp Networkingitimes|MensXP.com Hot on the WebBSE Sensex|Gold rate today Sensex|Income Tax Slabs RBI Policy|Gold rate National Awards 2017 Servicesads2book|Gadgetsnow|Free Business Listings Simplymarry|Astrospeak|Timesjobs|Magicbricks|Zigwheels|Timesdeal| dineout|Filmipop|Remit2india|Gaana|Greetzap|Techradar|Alivear| Google Play | Manage Notifications About us/Advertise with us/Terms of Use & Grievance Redressal/Privacy Policy/Feedback/Sitemap/Code of Ethics//Disclaimer Copyright © 2017 Bennett, Coleman & Co. Ltd. All rights reserved. BACK TO TOP Digg Google Bookmarks StumbleUpon Reddit Newsvine Live Bookmarks Technorati Yahoo Bookmarks Blogmarks Del.icio.us ApnaCircle Google Plus Pinterest Mail This Article My Saved ArticlesSign inSign up Find this comment offensive? Choose your reason below and click on the Report button. This will alert our moderators to take actionName Reason for reporting:Foul languageSlanderousInciting hatred against a certain communityOthers Your Reason has been Reported to the admin.
Google+ Singapore Weather Min. 25° | Max. 33° Air Quality: PSI 58-62 We set you thinking Monday 10 April 2017 Read the PDF print edition Main menu hot news Commentary Voices Singapore daily focus China & India World Business Tech Sports Entertainment Lifestyle Blogs Photos Videos Print Edition Health Science newstream World Malaysia seizes US$3.1 million worth of rhino horns at airport 1491807360 World IranAir signs contract with ATR to buy 20 planes 1491807320 World Exclusive: At strategic shoal, China asserts power through control, and concessions 1491779238 World Ukraine's central bank governor Gontareva resigns 1491806638 Business British regulators investigate Barclays CEO Staley over whistleblowing 1491806508 World Fellow Uighurs should beware of 'two-faced' people in separatism fight, official says 1491805577 World Burundi opposition leader fears for his life, urges government to speed up talks 1491805485 World Citigroup sees Macron winning French vote, changing its earlier Fillon forecast 1491805088 World Philippine court upholds guilty verdict on U.S. Marine in transgender woman's killing 1491804464 Business Asian stocks struggle, dollar shines as geopolitical risks grow 1491804147 World India clamps down on Kashmir transport after poll violence kills eight 1491802301 China&India Beijing hutongs: Village life in the city 1491802320 Singapore PAssion card, vouchers among perks for national servicemen 1491752880 Business In the Trump era, one U.S. Muslim investor tries a louder voice 1491801721 Business Banks scramble to fix old systems as IT 'cowboys' ride into sunset 1491801565 World U.S. air strike gives Tillerson a boost for Moscow talks 1491800714 Business OCBC and UOB offer free shared ATM transactions 1491768120 Singapore Trials for self-driving pods, buses to kick off this month 1491796200 World Beijing offers cash rewards to unearth foreign spies 1491799015 Sports Red-hot Westbrook breaks NBA 55-year-old triple-double record 1491798120 World Fugitive Mexican ex-governor captured in Italy 1491798457 World 'Dollars and euros': How a Malaysian firm helped fund North Korea's leadership 1491797520 World Australia selects Raytheon for $1.5 billion ground-based air defense system 1491798045 World China's nuclear envoy in South Korea amid talk of Trump action against North Korea 1491796363 Sports Teen footballer Han is first North Korean to score in Italy's Serie A 1491795360 World Cyclone strikes healthiest part of Great Barrier Reef 1491795115 Voices Cycling lane on extended Tanah Merah Coast Road needs a divider 1491794510 World India, China navies stop suspected Somali pirate attack on merchant vessel 1491793026 World US and North Korea ‘closer to brink’ of accidental conflict 1491792060 Singapore At 73, grandpa dances for a workout 1491749820 World Baidu, Alibaba, Tencent advance China’s AI development goals, says Microsoft research head 1491790560 Sports Liverpool to play Sydney FC in May 1491790920 World Tillerson’s Russia trip highlights emergence from shadows 1491790312 World No-fly zone: Trump not allowed to use personal helicopter 1491787910 World Support for Finnish anti-EU party slumps in local election 1491787397 China&India Parents take their children around the world on foot 1491786360 World G7 foreign ministers seek U.S. clarity over Syria 1491783173 Business Google offers at least $880 million to LG display for OLED investment: Electronic Times 1491783783 World Duterte softens tone toward US before talks on South China Sea 1491784312 World US manhunt underway for alleged gun thief who wrote manifesto to Trump 1491782209 Singapore Good communication vital to Singapore's success: Shanmugam 1491768120 Singapore Terror attack will be true test of nation building: Eng Hen 1491768120 Singapore TODAY's morning brief for Monday, April 10 1491777000 Singapore Govt studying ways to take City Harvest case further 1491768120 World Chile's socialists to support left-leaning independent's presidential bid 1491776431 World Massive protest in Hungary against bill that could oust Soros university 1491776142 World Egypt's Sisi says three-month state of emergency to be declared 1491775215 World Palm Sunday bombings of Egyptian Coptic churches kill 44 1491769063 World Trump aides differ over Assad's future after Syria attack 1491773643 World Assad allies say U.S. attack on Syria air base crosses 'red lines' 1491773643 Lifestyle Sleep is the new status symbol A Deep Rest “class” at Inscape, a meditation studio in New York, March 31, 2017. Sleep today is a measure of success, a skill to be cultivated and nourished. Photo: New York Times mail print View all comments Tweet By Penelope Green - - Published: 8:50 PM, April 9, 2017 Updated: 9:28 PM, April 9, 2017 NEW YORK — At the Massachusetts Institute of Technology’s Media Lab, the digital futurist playground, Mr David Rose is investigating swaddling, bedtime stories and hammocks, as well as lavender oil and cocoons. Mr Rose, a researcher, an inventor-entrepreneur and the author of Enchanted Objects: Design, Human Desire and the Internet of Things, and his colleagues have been road-testing weighted blankets to induce a swaddling sensation and listening to recordings of Icelandic fairy tales — all research into an ideal sleep environment that may culminate in a nap pod or, as he said, “some new furniture form”. “For me, it’s a swinging bed on a screened porch in northwestern Wisconsin,” he said. “You can hear the loons and the wind through the fir trees, and there’s the weight of 10 blankets on top of me because it’s a cold night. We’re trying a bunch of interventions.” Meanwhile, at the University of California, Berkeley, Dr Matthew P Walker, a professor of neuroscience and psychology and the director of the Sleep and Neuroimaging Laboratory there, is working on direct current stimulation as a cure for sleeplessness in the aging brain. Dr Walker is also sifting through the millions of hours of human sleep data he has received from Sense, a delicately lovely polycarbonate globe designed to look like the National Stadium in Beijing that measures air quality and other intangibles in your bedroom, then suggests tweaks to help you sleep better. “I’ve got a mission,” he said. “I want to reunite humanity with the sleep it is so bereft of.” Sense is the first product made by Hello Inc, a technology company started by Mr James Proud, a British entrepreneur, for which Dr Walker is the chief scientist. In Paris, Mr Hugo Mercier, a computer science engineer, has invested in sound waves. He has raised more than US$10 million (S$14 million) to create a headband that uses them to induce sleep. The product, called Dreem, has been beta-tested on 500 people (out of a pool of 6,500 applicants, Mr Mercier said) and will be ready for sale this summer. That is when Mr Ben Olsen, an Australian entrepreneur, hopes to introduce Thim, a gadget you wear on your finger that uses sound to startle you awake every three minutes for an hour, just before you go to sleep. Sleep disruptions, apparently, can cure sleep disruption (and Mr Olsen, like all good sleep entrepreneurs, has the research to prove it). It is his second sleep contraption. His first, the Re-Timer, a pair of goggles fitted with tiny green-blue lights that shine back into your eyes, aims to reset your body’s clock. He said that since 2012, he had sold 30,000 pairs in 40 countries. For years, studies upon studies have shown how bad sleep weakens the immune system, impairs learning and memory, and contributes to depression and other mood and mental disorders, as well as obesity, diabetes, cancer and an early death. (Sedated sleep — hello Ambien — has been shown to be as deleterious as poor sleep.) The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention calls sleeplessness a public health concern. Good sleep helps brain plasticity, studies in mice have shown; poor sleep will make you fat and sad, and then will kill you. It is also expensive: Last year, the RAND Corp. published a study that calculated the business loss of poor sleep in the United States at US$411 billion — a gross domestic product loss of 2.28 per cent. Companies now fight “presenteeism”, a neologism that describes the lackluster performance of foggy-brained, sleep-deprived employees, with sleep programs like Sleepio, an online sleep coach, and sleep fairs, like the one hosted last month in Manhattan by Ms Nancy H Rothstein, director of Circadian Corporate Sleep Programs and otherwise known as the Sleep Ambassador, for LinkedIn. For the past few years, Ms Rothstein has been designing sleep education and training programs for a number of Fortune 500 companies. At the LinkedIn sleep fair, she taught attendees how to make a bed (use hospital corners, please) and gave out analog alarm clocks. (It was her former husband’s snoring, she said, that led her to a career as a sleep evangelist.) If sleep used to be the new sex, as Ms Marian Salzman, a trend spotter and chief executive of Havas PR North America, proclaimed 10 years ago, today it is a measure of success — a skill to be cultivated and nourished as a “human potential enhancer,” as one West Coast entrepreneur told me, and life extender. “Sleep is the single most effective thing you can do to reset your brain and body,” Dr Walker said. “We have a saying in medicine: What gets measured, gets managed.” Sleep entrepreneurs from Silicon Valley and beyond have poured into the sleep space, as branders like to say — a US$32 billion market in 2012 — formerly inhabited by old-style mattress and pharmaceutical companies. “I can see sleep being another weapon in competitive parenting and career-building,” Ms Salzman said. “If you want your child to succeed, do you have to buy them these sleep devices? Sleep is personal, it’s class, not mass, and now the sleep industry is based on technical services, customized for me. It’s a bizarre marriage of high tech and low tech. Chamomile tea is going to have a resurgence, as the antithesis to the whole pharma thing.” The familiar paradigm of success used to center on the narrative of the short sleeper: Corporate titans and world leaders — like Ms Martha Stewart and our last two presidents — counted abbreviated rest as proof of their prowess. It turns out that short sleepers, as they are known, may have a genetic mutation, as Ms Arianna Huffington pointed out in her 2016 book, The Sleep Revolution: Transforming Your Life One Night at a Time. (It’s worth noting that Mr George W Bush, formerly a sleep outlier among his presidential peers for clocking in around nine hours of nightly shut-eye, along with a daily nap, is newly popular.) The Army has proclaimed sleep a pillar of peak soldier performance. Mr Jeff Bezos, the chief executive of Amazon, who used to take a sleeping bag to work when he was a lowly computer programmer, has said that his eight hours of sleep each night were good for his stockholders. Ms Huffington’s new company, Thrive Global, whose first-round investors include internet entrepreneur Sean Parker and venture capital firm Greycroft Partners, is working with Accenture, JP Morgan Chase and Uber, among other companies, on anti-burnout programming, which educates their employees on the importance of sleep. Aetna, the health care company, is paying its workers as much as US$500 a year if they can prove they have slept for seven hours or more for 20 days in a row. But the growing pile of apps, gizmos and gurus — some from unlikely corners — has led to “pandemonium in the bedroom”, Ms Rothstein said. In 2015, actor Jeff Bridges made a spoken-word album, Dreaming With Jeff, a project for Squarespace, that reached No 2 on Billboard’s New Age chart and raised US$280,000 for the No Kid Hungry campaign, for which he is the national spokesman. He collaborated with Mr Keefus Ciancia, the composer and music producer, on a truly weird collection of quasi-bedtime stories, musings about death and also a humming song, with Mr Bridges’ familiar gruff voice and all manner of ambient sounds that many listeners found more alarming than sleep-inducing. “I don’t know where this is leading,” Mr Bridges said the other day, “but I’m steeping myself in the subject. We’re working on something called Sleep Club, which will be sort of a hub for all things sleep related.” Dreaming With Jeff made me anxious, as did Sleep With Me, a podcast by Mr Drew Ackerman, a gravelly voiced librarian in San Francisco, whose “boring bedtime stories” are designed to cure insomnia and are downloaded at a rate of 1.3 million a month, as The New Yorker reported last year. I’m more drawn to the thousands of “songs” in Spotify’s Sleep Sound Library, particularly “full gutters” and “office air-conditioners”, and I have a white noise machine. But recently, desperately, I craved a more substantial intervention, perhaps a cure for the 3am fretting that has plagued me for years. Mr Mercier sent me his Dreem headset, a weighty crown of rubber and wire that he warned would be a tad uncomfortable. The finished product, about US$400, he said, will be much lighter and slimmer. But it wasn’t the heft of the thing that had me pulling it off each night. It skeeved me out that it was reading — and interfering with — my brain waves, a process I would rather not outsource. I was just as wary of the Re-Timer goggles, US$299, which make for a goofy/spooky selfie in a darkened room. My eye sockets glowed a deep fluorescent green and terrified the cat. The Ghost Pillow, US$85, has “patent-pending thermo-sensitivity technology” designed to keep your head cool. It is wildly comfy, but when I read what it is made from, a polyurethane foam, I lost sleep. I bought a Good Night Light LED Sleep bulb, US$28, which comes with its own “patented technology” to support your body’s melatonin production. I can’t tell if that’s what happened, but since the bulb is too dim for my middle-aged eyes, I struggled to read my go-to sleep aid, a worn copy of The Pursuit of Love, by Ms Nancy Mitford, and knocked off a good half-hour earlier than usual. I was up again at 3am, however, as my new Sense pod alerted me the next day, through an app on my phone. And again at 5am, when the cat swatted the pod off the night stand and it glowed red in protest. “There was a noise disturbance,” the app explained. My sleep summary, as provided by Sense, was both compelling and off-putting. Why is my air quality “not ideal”? And how comfortable am I sharing my sleep habits with a Silicon Valley startup? Ms Rothstein, the sleep ambassador, is less bothered by privacy concerns than by the temptation to wakefulness that phone interfaces pose. And nearly every gizmo seemed to have one. “I’d like to have a survey done to show how many people are also reading their texts while they’re tracking their sleep,” Ms Rothstein said. “If you want to improve your sleep, you have to make some changes. Your Fitbit and your Apple Watch are not going to do it for you. We’ve lost the simplicity of sleep. All this writing, all these websites, all this stuff. I’m thinking, Just sleep. I want to say: ‘Shh. Make it dark, quiet and cool. Take a bath.’” Ms Rothstein taught me her relaxation recipe, a practice that mixed gratitude with body awareness and breathing. Start with your toes, she said, and thank your body parts for their hard work. (My favorite: “Knees, I know it’s not always easy for you. You can rest now.”) Still, the best sleep I’ve had in weeks cost US$22, and lasted 33 minutes. It was a Deep Rest “class” at Inscape, a meditation studio in Manhattan designed by Mr Winka Dubbeldam, the sought-after Dutch architect, to evoke the temple at Burning Man, and other esoteric spaces, and created by Mr Khajak Keledjian, a founder, with his brother, Haro, of Intermix, which they sold to the Gap for US$130 million in 2013. Mr Keledjian, a meditator, aims to make the practice both secular and modern: a “mindful luxury”, he said. Although there are human “facilitators” in each class, who gently touch the feet of snoring attendees if they get too loud, the practice is guided by a recording made by an Australian female member of Mr Keledjian’s company. “We call her ‘Skye,’” he said. It was lunchtime on a rainy Tuesday, and I settled onto a soft mat outfitted with a bolster, a pillow and a cozy fleece blanket. “Skye” urged me to stay awake, and then delivered a script like Rothstein’s, in mellifluous antipodean tones. I drifted once or twice, and from the muffled snorts of the other attendees, they did too. That night, I slept until dawn. NEW YORK TIMES mail print View all comments Tweet Recommended For You   More Stories For You The Most Daily Focus READ COMMENTED “Star-gazing” shrimp discovered in South Africa ‘You can change your life’, says former kampung boy who's an ex-VP of SGX ‘Thank the aliens’: Thousands displaced for China’s huge telescope ‘Sleeping giant’ glacier may lift sea levels by two metres: Study ‘Reverse microwave’ that can chill drinks in 45 seconds developed Turning negative thinkers into positive ones Sleep is the new status symbol Marmite may be brain food: Study It took 10 years before doctors knew patient had nerve disorder HK scientists discover protein suppression method that may boost fight against cancer Global smoking deaths up by 5% since 1990: Study Get happy: Four well-being workouts Inside Today World Malaysia seizes Ukraine's central bank governor Gontareva resigns IranAir signs contract with ATR to buy 20 planes Fellow Uighurs should beware of 'two-faced' people in separatism fight, official says Burundi opposition leader fears for his life, urges government to speed up talks Business British regulators investigate Barclays CEO Staley over whistleblowing Asian stocks struggle, dollar shines as geopolitical risks grow In the Trump era, one U.S. Muslim investor tries a louder voice Banks scramble to fix old systems as IT 'cowboys' ride into sunset Google offers at least $880 million to LG display for OLED investment: Electronic Times Sports Red-hot Westbrook breaks NBA 55-year-old triple-double record Teen footballer Han is first North Korean to score in Italy's Serie A Liverpool to play Sydney FC in May Fiji gears up for S'pore Sevens with Hong Kong win Man United need to regain killer instinct, say club legends Giggs and Neville Entertainment Boo Junfeng's Apprentice continues winning streak French Photographer presents Singapore landmarks overrun by nature It’s official — Najip Ali is out of Malaysian show Najip Ali could lose spot on Astro’s flagship programme Affordable art on offer at two weekend events About TODAY Apps RSS Sitemap Syndication Contact Us Advertise with Us Terms & Conditions About MediaCorp Copyright 2017 © Mediacorp Press Ltd. All Rights Reserved. Mediacorp News Group
BREAKING NEWS: Palm oil hits six-month low on rising output forecast … Tokyo stocks close higher as Syrian jitters ease … �Whole nation eyes on Panama case: Musharraf … Cement: anybodys game … Turning on tobacco … Back to the future: a story of Pakistans turnaround … Petroleum sales in 9MFY17 … Tennis star Kyrgios could make top five by year's end: Courier … 'Our focus is the end user', Country Manager, and GM Dawlance … US air strike gives Tillerson a boost for Moscow talks … Menu Home Top News From The Print BR Research Press Release Pakistan Banking & Finance Business & Economy General News Industries & Sectors Markets Politics & Policy Zardari decides to build Bilawal House.. Fawad Maqsood Apr 10th, 2017 02:21 Shaikh Saleh visits PUC office Fawad Maqsood Apr 10th, 2017 01:44 CM Sindh visits Lal Shahbaz Qalandar.. Fawad Maqsood Apr 10th, 2017 00:55 PPP denies reports of forging alliance.. Fawad Maqsood Apr 10th, 2017 00:43 Well-being of general public will be.. Shoaib Ur Rehman Siddiqui Apr 9th, 2017 18:33 Govt released funds for projects in.. Shoaib Ur Rehman Siddiqui Apr 9th, 2017 18:16 Police arrested three alleged terrorists .. Shoaib Ur Rehman Siddiqui Apr 9th, 2017 18:14 World Africa Europe Global Business & Economy Middle East North America South America South Asia South East Asia Japan Feb current account surplus 2.8trn.. Imaduddin Apr 10th, 2017 08:36 Malala set to be youngest UN.. Fawad Maqsood Apr 10th, 2017 02:11 UN Security Council condemns Egypt church.. Fawad Maqsood Apr 10th, 2017 00:45 Trudeau says Canada ‘was born’ at.. Fawad Maqsood Apr 10th, 2017 00:44 Stockholm suspect had residence permit application.. Shoaib Ur Rehman Siddiqui Apr 9th, 2017 19:21 Five dead in militantt attack in.. Shoaib Ur Rehman Siddiqui Apr 9th, 2017 18:48 France’s Macron unveils priorities as race.. Shoaib Ur Rehman Siddiqui Apr 9th, 2017 18:44 Business Banking & Finance Industries & Sectors Managed Funds Real Estate Thyssenkrupp plans steel cost cuts of.. Shoaib Ur Rehman Siddiqui Apr 7th, 2017 23:04 Siemens employee held by Dutch for.. Shoaib Ur Rehman Siddiqui Apr 7th, 2017 20:22 Ford plans to launch Ranger pickup.. Shoaib Ur Rehman Siddiqui Apr 7th, 2017 20:07 PetroChina sees lower Q1 profit on.. Shoaib Ur Rehman Siddiqui Apr 7th, 2017 20:00 German output surges as industry enjoys.. Shoaib Ur Rehman Siddiqui Apr 7th, 2017 19:56 Mauritius 91-day T-bills yield rises to.. Shoaib Ur Rehman Siddiqui Apr 7th, 2017 19:31 Bank of England’s Carney calls for.. Shoaib Ur Rehman Siddiqui Apr 7th, 2017 18:52 Markets Commodities Energy Equity Fixed Income FXMM Palm oil hits six-month low on.. Imaduddin Apr 10th, 2017 11:43 Tokyo stocks close higher as Syrian.. Imaduddin Apr 10th, 2017 11:40 Oil prices firm on strong demand,.. Imaduddin Apr 10th, 2017 08:35 Corn eases for 3rd session on.. Imaduddin Apr 10th, 2017 08:34 Asian traders tread uneasily as Syria.. Imaduddin Apr 10th, 2017 08:31 Tokyo stocks rise by break as.. Imaduddin Apr 10th, 2017 08:30 Australia shares expected to rise; NZ.. Fawad Maqsood Apr 10th, 2017 03:46 Stocks Stocks Market Data Exchange Rates Sports Cricket Football Hockey Olympic London 2012 Other Sports Tennis star Kyrgios could make top.. Imaduddin Apr 10th, 2017 10:59 Cricket: Babar, Hasan lead Pakistan to.. Fawad Maqsood Apr 10th, 2017 03:35 Kasatkina captures first WTA title at.. Fawad Maqsood Apr 10th, 2017 02:52 Cricket: Pakistan beat West Indies by.. Fawad Maqsood Apr 10th, 2017 02:29 Tennis: New mum Azarenka to return.. Fawad Maqsood Apr 10th, 2017 02:09 Babar century leads Pakistan to 282.. Shoaib Ur Rehman Siddiqui Apr 9th, 2017 22:53 West Indies win toss, elect to.. Shoaib Ur Rehman Siddiqui Apr 9th, 2017 19:24 Entertainment Arts Lifestyle Movies Music Asad Amanat Ali remembered on 10th.. Parvez Jabri Apr 8th, 2017 19:37 World Health Day observed Parvez Jabri Apr 8th, 2017 18:52 Why Aamir refuse to release ‘Dangal’.. Madiha Shakeel Apr 8th, 2017 16:16 Parineeti discreetly mocks Alia and Shraddha Madiha Shakeel Apr 8th, 2017 15:19 Girl found living with monkeys and.. Madiha Shakeel Apr 8th, 2017 13:34 Nouman Javaid talks about the reason.. Madiha Shakeel Apr 8th, 2017 12:51 Adidas looks to 3-D printers for.. Shoaib Ur Rehman Siddiqui Apr 7th, 2017 20:48 Sci-Tech Scientists find Earth-like planet with an.. Aagha Majid Apr 7th, 2017 13:17 Chinese engineer marries self-created woman robot Aagha Majid Apr 6th, 2017 15:21 UK researchers create graphene-sieve to make.. Aagha Majid Apr 6th, 2017 13:11 New Pyramid Older than Giza, Excavated.. Aagha Majid Apr 5th, 2017 13:30 Yahoo, AOL joining hands to form.. Madiha Shakeel Apr 4th, 2017 15:40 Towards the digital future: Striking balance.. Imran Kazmi Apr 1st, 2017 15:20 Arctic Ice turning green, cause for.. Aagha Majid Mar 31st, 2017 13:27 ePaper AAJ Live Home »Top News » Front Top News » London finance chief upbeat after Brexit trigger     Front Top News London finance chief upbeat after Brexit trigger     Shoaib Ur Rehman Siddiqui Apr 9th, 2017 18:03 0   LONDON: The outlook for London's financial sector has improved since Brexit was triggered, insists the man charged with its policy, even as banks remain set to move some jobs abroad. Mark Boleat, who spoke on Thursday to AFP after British Prime Minister Theresa May activated the process for Britain's EU exit, nevertheless urged speedy trade talks to minimise disruption. The signing of Article 50 of the Lisbon Treaty late last month has kick-started a two-year countdown to Brexit. "On the whole, I think things are looking rather better," Boleat said when asked about the impact on London's financial sector, otherwise known as the City. "We would hope that the negotiations go quickly and go well," he said. If early agreement could be reached on the terms for exit and on the rights of EU nationals, "there will be the minimum of disruption to business and consumers in this country -- and in Europe," said Boleat, who steps down next month as policy chairman of the City of London Corporation. Bank of England chief Governor Mark Carney on Friday warned of sector-wide consequences of leaving without a trade deal, but was optimistic for an agreement.   - London to lose bank jobs -   In the run-up to last year's Brexit referendum, the business community threw its weight behind the failed Remain campaign, arguing it would prompt large-scale City job losses. So far, HSBC has stated it would likely shift 1,000 jobs to Paris, where the banking titan already has a significant operation. US player Goldman Sachs will meanwhile move 1,000 staff from London to Frankfurt. Boleat sought, however, to calm jitters over banks shifting jobs to other major European hubs. "Banks have had contingency plans since before the Brexit referendum in some cases. They have known there is a possibility that Britain will not be in the single market -- that has now been confirmed." Many banks "will need to restructure what they are doing -- perhaps cease doing a few things, in some cases build up business elsewhere in the European Union. They are getting on and doing that." And he cited US investment bank JPMorgan's chief executive Jamie Dimon, who stated this week that he did not foresee shifting many staff from Britain over the next two years because of Brexit. "I don't think businesses are going to announce what they are doing in a great fanfare," Boleat said. As executives such as Jamie Dimon had pointed out, "we are going to need to build up our resources in other EU member states." A few people would be moved, but "no one is going to say: we are closing down in London," he said. Historic insurance market Lloyd's of London was the first group to respond to the Brexit trigger, announcing it will open a Brussels subsidiary in early 2019.   - 'It will not be Lloyd's of Brussels' -   Lloyd's is "a unique organisation. It's not a company, it's a market. They will have to do something if Britain is outside the single market," Boleat told AFP. "They have spent a long time looking at location. They have decided it's Brussels." But that was only part of their business, he said. "It's Lloyd's of London. The vast bulk of its business will stay in London. It will not be Lloyd's of Brussels," the departing policy chief added. Boleat also argued that the future location of euro clearing -- the processing of euro currency transactions -- should remain in London. France has been particularly vocal that other EU hubs should be ready to take over from London. "The clearing is done in London because that is where the expertise is. That's where the market is. Brexit will not change that," Boleat said. "Euro clearing is already a political football -- but we hope that economic reality will determine the outcome, not a wish to have a trophy function move to another place."     Copyright AFP (Agence France-Press), 2017  Twitter Facebook Google+ Pinterest LinkedIn Tumblr Mail Print the author Shoaib Ur Rehman Siddiqui Previous Iran's Rouhani affirms support for Assad in call   Next Tennis: Kerber to face Pavlyuchenkova for Monterrey title   Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment Name * Email * Website Quick Search BULLION RATE COTTON YARN CURRENCY EXCHANGE CAPITAL GROWTH LIBOR MUTUAL FUNDS KERB VEGETABLE OIL GRAIN MARKET RATES Buy direct from China free shipping trade platform. Quinceanera Dress LED Replacement headlight bulb Copyright © 2017  Business Recorder. All Rights Reserved. Powered by e-Dynamics - Software Department. Contact us Terms of use Privacy Policy Disclaimer Top
147686468041 Subscribe Manage Manage my account Preferences Newsletters Subscribe to TV Weekly Subscribe to Newsday Manage my account Subscribe to TV Weekly Uh-Oh! It looks like there is no Newsday subscription account associated with this login information. If you used an Optimum login, click the Connect Account button to use your Optimum login info to manage your Newsday subscription account. If you used a Newsday login, it looks like it's not connected to an active subscriber account. To verify your subscription information, click the Connect Account button. Otherwise, click Subscribe to create a new Newsday account. CONNECT ACCOUNT SUBSCRIBE Today's Paper Today's paper / archives » Newsday Fun Book » Recent covers gallery » Special sections » Traffic 1 Weather 48° Log in Log out Sections Home Long Island Top Stories Nassau Suffolk Education Crime Politics Towns Investigations Data and maps Commuting LI Life History Obituaries Sports Top Stories Yankees Mets Islanders Rangers Jets Giants Knicks Nets High school College Columns Videos Scores Baseball Basketball Boxing Football Golf Hockey Horse Racing Media MMA Motor Racing Olympics Soccer Opinion Top Stories Matt Davies Columnists Letters to the editor Submit your letter Business Top Stories Real Estate Technology Cars Columns Mutual funds Markets Stocks Nation and World Nation and World NYC State and Region Health Technology Weird news Lottery Entertainment Top Stories Movies TV Celebrities Music Books Theater Reality TV Nassau Coliseum Crosswords Puzzles Comics Lifestyle Top Stories Restaurants Family Pets Travel Food and Drink Top 100 Restaurants Fashion and Shopping Home and Garden LI Getaways Recreation Retirement Advice Events Spring Things to do Classifieds Classifieds Jobs Cars Real Estate Yellow Pages Legal Notices Obituaries Crosswords More Today's Paper Weather Traffic and Transit Data and maps Photos Videos Act 2 Horoscopes Advice Columns Lottery search Long Island Sports Entertainment Lifestyle News Business Health Opinion Obituaries Cars Homes Jobs Business Experts: Higher interest rates no reason to abandon stocks Updated April 9, 2017 6:00 AM By Sheryl Nance-Nash  Special to Newsday Reprints + - Before you make a move from stocks to more conservative investments, double check your strategy, experts advise. Photo Credit: iStockphoto.com / Lee Walters advertisement | advertise on newsday Some folks see rising interest rates as a signal to make a move. In a recent Wells Fargo survey of 1,007 investors, 37 percent said higher interest rates would make them very or somewhat likely to transfer money out of the stock market and into more conservative investments. This is up from 23 percent two years ago, when Gallup asked the same question. Is this a good idea? Most Popular LI firm struggles to find enough qualified hires Dowling College campus sold for $26.5M Retail stores cutting jobs at fastest pace in 7 years Preparing to comply with new pay equity rules Report: LI property taxes among highest in U.S. “While market timing seems like an attractive proposition, it actually requires a series of good decisions — when to get out and when to get back in again,” says Robert Johnson, president of the American College of Financial Services in Bryn Mawr, Pennsylvania. Luke Orlando, a contributor to OneSmartDollar.com, says a JPMorgan analysis illustrates that if you missed out on the 40 best days of the market in the 10-year period they studied, your return would be negative. If you missed only 10 of those days, your return dropped from 9.85 percent to 6.10 percent. The biggest surprise, says Orlando: “The market’s best and worst days usually fall within a two-week period of each other. It’s impossible to separate them, and those who try may devastate their portfolio as a result.” Some advice A better strategy is to rebalance your portfolio to keep your target asset allocation in place, says Johnson. But if you insist, don’t put money in bonds yielding 2 percent, says Jordan Goodman of MoneyAnswers.com. Instead choose alternative investments that have much higher yields, such as commercial real estate income funds. advertisement | advertise on newsday However, Johnson’s best advice: Keep investing in stocks, “whether the market is moving upward, downward or sideways.” Get the Biz Briefing newsletter! The latest LI business news in your inbox daily. sign up    Click here to read or post comments Comments Newsday.com now uses Facebook for our comment boards. Please read our guidelines and connect your Facebook account to comment. More coverage LI firm struggles to find enough qualified hires 13 boats you can buy for under $40,000 See who got hired, promoted on Long Island Like it? Share it! Back to Top Services Subscribe Manage my Newsday Today's paper Join us on Facebook Join us on Twitter Sign up for newsletters Get our Apps Newsday mobile Our Network News 12 am New York Newsday Cars The Hometown Shopper Newsday Homes Newsday Jobs Optimum Newsday Connect News 12 Varsity News Long Island Nassau Suffolk Education Crime Politics Towns NYC U.S. / World Business Technology Commuting History Data and Maps Traffic Obituaries Sports Giants Jets Knicks Nets Islanders Rangers Yankees Mets High school Colleges Columns Scores Videos Photo Entertainment Celebrities Movies TV Music Restaurants Theater Lifestyle Family Shopping Pets Events Travel Books Weekend Guide Spring Nassau Coliseum Classifieds Jobs Cars Real Estate Yellow Pages More Crossword Weather Photos Videos LI Life Act 2 Lottery RSS Archive Site Map Privacy Policy Your ad choices Terms of Service Subscription Terms Contact Newsday Careers Reprints & Permissions Media Kit Advertise with Newsday Help Copyright ©   Newsday. All rights reserved. Sorry to interrupt... Your first 5 are free Access to Newsday is free for Optimum customers. Please enjoy 5 complimentary views to articles, photos, and videos during the next 30 days. LOGIN SUBSCRIBE
Skip to content Petro Global News 24 Home Business Science Crude Oil Regulation International About – Staff Contact Privacy Policy You are here Home > Business > The Jon Kessler Sells 20,000 Shares of Healthequity Inc (HQY) Stock The Jon Kessler Sells 20,000 Shares of Healthequity Inc (HQY) Stock April 9, 2017 Susan G. Crespo Healthequity Inc (NASDAQ:HQY) CEO Jon Kessler sold 20,000 shares of the stock in a transaction that occurred on Monday, April 3rd. The stock was sold at an average price of $41.85, for a total value of $837,000.00. Following the completion of the transaction, the chief executive officer now owns 440,000 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $18,414,000. The sale was disclosed in a filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is accessible through the SEC website. Jon Kessler also recently made the following trade(s): Shares of Healthequity Inc (NASDAQ:HQY) opened at 42.67 on Friday. Healthequity Inc has a 52 week low of $22.26 and a 52 week high of $49.25. The stock has a 50 day moving average price of $42.93 and a 200 day moving average price of $41.12. The firm has a market capitalization of $2.54 billion, a PE ratio of 96.98 and a beta of 1.94. Healthequity (NASDAQ:HQY) last issued its quarterly earnings data on Tuesday, March 21st. The company reported $0.07 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, topping the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of $0.04 by $0.03. Healthequity had a return on equity of 11.08% and a net margin of 15.19%. The firm earned $46.83 million during the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $45.55 million. During the same period in the previous year, the firm posted $0.07 EPS. The company’s quarterly revenue was up 30.4% compared to the same quarter last year. Equities analysts forecast that Healthequity Inc will post $0.53 earnings per share for the current fiscal year. Hedge funds and other institutional investors have recently modified their holdings of the company. Macquarie Group Ltd. bought a new position in shares of Healthequity during the second quarter valued at about $2,309,000. Capstone Asset Management Co. increased its position in shares of Healthequity by 18.5% in the third quarter. Capstone Asset Management Co. now owns 12,680 shares of the company’s stock valued at $480,000 after buying an additional 1,980 shares in the last quarter. Lebenthal Lisanti Capital Growth LLC bought a new position in shares of Healthequity during the third quarter valued at about $666,000. Louisiana State Employees Retirement System increased its position in shares of Healthequity by 21.0% in the third quarter. Louisiana State Employees Retirement System now owns 19,000 shares of the company’s stock valued at $719,000 after buying an additional 3,300 shares in the last quarter. Finally, Chicago Equity Partners LLC bought a new position in shares of Healthequity during the third quarter valued at about $319,000. Hedge funds and other institutional investors own 89.22% of the company’s stock. A number of research analysts have commented on the company. Chardan Capital restated a “buy” rating and set a $53.00 price target (up from $50.00) on shares of Healthequity in a research note on Wednesday, March 22nd. CIBC assumed coverage on Healthequity in a research note on Tuesday, March 14th. They set an “outperform” rating on the stock. Cantor Fitzgerald assumed coverage on Healthequity in a research note on Thursday, March 30th. They set an “overweight” rating and a $50.00 price target on the stock. JPMorgan Chase & Co. upped their price target on Healthequity from $44.00 to $51.00 and gave the stock an “overweight” rating in a research note on Wednesday, March 22nd. Finally, Wells Fargo & Co assumed coverage on Healthequity in a research note on Tuesday, March 14th. They set an “outperform” rating on the stock. Three equities research analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and twelve have given a buy rating to the stock. Healthequity presently has a consensus rating of “Buy” and an average target price of $45.18. About Healthequity HealthEquity, Inc provides a range of solutions for managing healthcare accounts (Health Savings Accounts (HSAs), Health Reimbursement Arrangements (HRAs) and Flexible Spending Accounts (FSAs)) for health plans, insurance companies and third-party administrators. The Company is engaged in technology-enabled services platforms that allow consumers to make healthcare saving and spending decisions. Post navigation The Park National Corp OH Continues to Hold Stake in Monsanto Company (MON) The SYSCO Co. (SYY) Position Maintained by Integrated Investment Consultants LLC Related posts The Private & Commercial Finance Group plc Plans Dividend of GBX 0.10 (PCF) April 10, 2017 Robert V. Boyd Private & Commercial Finance Group plc (LON:PCF) announced a dividend on Friday, December 8th. Investors of... The TopBuild Corp (BLD) Initiates Share Buyback Program April 10, 2017 Robert V. Boyd TopBuild Corp (NYSE:BLD) declared that its board has approved a stock buyback program, which authorizes the... The Verizon Communications (VZ) Board of Directors Initiates Stock Repurchase Plan April 10, 2017 Robert V. Boyd Verizon Communications (NYSE:VZ) announced that its Board of Directors has initiated a share buyback program, which... Leave a Comment Cancel reply Latest The Private & Commercial Finance Group plc Plans Dividend of GBX 0.10 (PCF) The TopBuild Corp (BLD) Initiates Share Buyback Program The Verizon Communications (VZ) Board of Directors Initiates Stock Repurchase Plan The Walgreens Boots Alliance (WBA) Board Approves Share Buyback Program The Cinemark Holdings, Inc. (CNK) Expected to Post Quarterly Sales of $722.93 Million The LogMeIn Inc (LOGM) Expected to Announce Quarterly Sales of $197.04 Million The Sapiens International Co. (SPNS) Sees Large Increase in Short Interest The Davita Inc (DVA) to Post Q1 2018 Earnings of $0.89 Per Share, SunTrust Banks Forecasts The Integrated Investment Consultants LLC Has $123,000 Stake in Walgreens Boots Alliance Inc (WBA) The Woodstock Corp Has $146,000 Position in Atwood Oceanics, Inc. (ATW) The Colgate-Palmolive Company (CL) Stake Lowered by Centre Asset Management LLC The Woodstock Corp Maintains Position in Freeport-McMoRan Inc (FCX) The F&V Capital Management LLC Raises Position in Citigroup Inc (C) The Exxon Mobil (XOM) Earning Somewhat Favorable News Coverage, Report Finds The Yandex NV (YNDX) Getting Somewhat Positive Media Coverage, AlphaOne Reports The Wolverine World Wide (WWW) Earning Favorable Press Coverage, Analysis Shows The $0.00 in Sales Expected for Redwood Trust, Inc. (RWT) This Quarter The Share Buyback Plan Authorized by American Tower Corp (AMT) Board The Kentucky Retirement Systems Invests $788,000 in Cabot Oil & Gas Co. (COG) The Kentucky Retirement Systems Invests $770,000 in CenterPoint Energy, Inc. (CNP) The Kentucky Retirement Systems Acquires Shares of 11,153 Global Payments Inc (GPN) The Kentucky Retirement Systems Acquires New Stake in Tesoro Co. (TSO) The Kentucky Retirement Systems Insurance Trust Fund Invests $354,000 in Macy’s Inc (M) The 8,313 Shares in McCormick & Company, Incorporated (MKC) Acquired by Kentucky Retirement Systems The Jefferies Group Brokers Boost Earnings Estimates for Fifth Third Bancorp (FITB) The Insider Selling: Regional Management Corp (RM) Director Sells $128,861.10 in Stock The Neos Therapeutics (NEOS) Given News Sentiment Score of -0.39 The NB Global Floating Rate Income Fund Ltd (NBLS) to Issue Dividend of GBX 0.90 The Manchester & London Investment Trust plc (MNL) Plans Dividend of GBX 3 The Ellie Mae (ELLI) Receives Coverage Optimism Score of -0.29 © All Right Reserved
    E-Edition Stepsaver/Observers Citizens News Photo Reprints Contests Employment Dining About Us Advertising Newsroom History Forms Employment Privacy Terms of Use Contact Us Subscriptions Letters to the Editor Editorial and Opinion News Article News Tip Sports Department Website Issues Subscribe Activate Access Home Delivery Subscription Purchase a Digital Subscription Home Top Stories Advanced Search Calendar Weather Webcam Photo Reprints Lottery Contests Traffic Email Updates News Elections Local Election National Election Candidate Profiles Business Connecticut Local Morning 5 National New England Offbeat Today in History World Records Courts Inspections Police Bus Routes Sports The Zone UConn College Local sports MLB NBA NFL NHL Pro Sports Entertainment Arts Best Bets Movies Music Nightlife People Theater TV Lifestyle Wheels Horoscope Family Food Health Outdoors Technology Travel Tide Charts Social Moments Announcements Anniversaries Births Engagements Marriages Obits Opinion Editorials Syndicated Columnists Commentary Letters Your Page Columns Active Outdoors Beer Snob CT-Music Living Here Matter Of Laugh And Death Nature Off Stage Ride CT Sunday Reflections Blogs Gardening Off The Record Throwback Thursday Time Out What’s for Dinner Marketplace Place Ad Jobs Open Houses Legal Ads Dining Guide Coupons Newspaper Ads Special Sections Classifieds Announcements Employment Merchandise Pets & Animals Real Estate for Rent Real Estate for Sale Transportation – Autos Rec Vehicles Services Investment As millennials ‘Venmo’ each other money, banks fight back with their own mobile apps April 8, 2017 - Business - Tagged: Social media - no comments By James Rufus Koren TRIBUNE NEWS SERVICE Odds are, you’ve at least heard of Venmo, but there’s also a good chance you haven’t used the mobile app or anything else like it to send money to family or friends. But that’s likely to change over the next few years, as banks, payment companies and even the likes of Google and Facebook push so-called peer-to-peer, or p2p, payment systems – a medium of exchange with revolutionary potential. The apps and online tools could someday overtake cash and checks as the primary way individuals pay each other, and they even could make inroads at the cash register and with businesses that send refunds and other payments to their customers. These systems will get a boost later this year when a coalition of the nation’s biggest banks roll out Zelle, a mobile and online money-transfer network that will let any customer of nearly every U.S. bank send money to customers of any other bank using only a phone number or email address. Analysts say the bank-led system – and the related marketing push – should bring online and mobile peer-to-peer payments to a larger audience. Even competitors, notably the popular money transfer app Venmo, say the Zelle rollout could boost their fortunes by making digital-money transfers more mainstream. “We don’t see it as a winner-take-all scenario,” said Josh Criscoe, a spokesman for Venmo owner PayPal. “We welcome any effort to move folks to more digital payments and move toward the smartphone as the central point of financial life. The common enemy is cash.” Online and mobile peer-to-peer payment systems have grown rapidly over the last few years, and analysts expect that to continue. In a report published in March, finance industry research firm Aite Group estimated that Americans made about $147 billion in digital p2p transfers last year, up from $100 billion the year before. Those are big numbers, to be sure, but last year’s sum still only accounted for about 12 percent of the more than $1.2 trillion that Americans paid each other that year, mostly in cash. That means there’s still plenty of growth ahead, said Talie Baker, an analyst at Aite Group. In her report, she estimated that the volume of digital p2p payments will more than double by 2020, topping $316 billion. “Not that many consumers are using mobile payments yet,” Baker said, noting that though these payments are more common among young consumers in big coastal cities, they’re not so ubiquitous elsewhere. “I’m a Gen-X person and I live in Denver – I hadn’t heard of Venmo until 2015.” There are plenty of players in the p2p game. Square Inc., the payments company behind the tiny white credit card reader that plugs into a smartphone, has a p2p service of its own, Square Cash, which launched in 2013. Following the geometric theme, there’s also Circle, a Boston firm that started the same year and specializes in cross-border p2p transfers in dollars, euros and British pounds. Facebook and Google, too, allow users to send money to friends. Google has Google Wallet, which started as a mobile wallet app but became a p2p payment tool in 2015, and Facebook users have been able to send money through Facebook Messenger since 2015. Square, Google and Facebook don’t report the volume of payments made through their p2p systems, but Facebook in regulatory filings has said that only “a relatively small percentage” of its users have used the payments feature. Venmo is arguably the biggest name in peer-to-peer transfers. It even has the coveted status, like Google, Uber and a few others, of becoming a verb – as in “Venmo me.” Founded in 2009, the company was acquired in 2012 by payment services provider Braintree, which was acquired the following year by online payments giant PayPal – which offers p2p payments under its own name too. But the biggest players in the market are still the banks. Last year, Venmo users transferred $17.6 billion. That’s more than double the volume from 2015, but it’s also much less than the $28 billion transferred in 2016 through QuickPay, JPMorgan Chase’s peer-to-peer payment system. And that’s just one bank. Chase, Bank of America, Wells Fargo and other major financial institutions have had their own p2p transfer programs for years, though it can sometimes be clunky for bank customers to send money to people with accounts at other financial institutions. Stay Informed. Get Top stories in your inbox. * indicates required Email Address * Aite Group estimates that of all the digital p2p transfers Americans made last year, non-bank systems such as Venmo accounted for only about 17 percent of that. Banks accounted for the rest, though much of that likely was made through banks’ websites, not mobile apps, and much of it was money transferred between customers of the same bank. In part, that’s a statement about who uses different systems, and what they are used for. Venmo and other non-bank systems are accessed about twice as often as bank systems, but for much smaller transactions, according to Aite Group. The average money transfer on a non-bank system is $135; the average for bank systems is $1,359, according to the report. That might suggest that parents sending money to a student for college tuition, for instance, might be more likely to transfer money through a bank, while students are much more likely to split a restaurant bill or bar tab using Venmo. Share this: Email Print Facebook Twitter Google WhatsApp Pinterest Reddit More Skype LinkedIn Pocket Tumblr Telegram Related Leave a Reply Cancel reply You must be logged in to post a comment. More articles from Business Customer retention firm is sold on collaboration April 9, 2017 - Business Towns: Greater Waterbury, Prospect CT - no comments MINNEAPOLIS – CEO Eric Lopez of 2-year-old WorkOutLoud believes he has developed a better way for companies to retain customers. WorkOutLoud, a six-person company in Minneapolis that has 20 clients, says it is the “first and only social platform” designed… Read Post → If you build it, they’ll stay Boomers remodel their homes April 9, 2017 - Business - Tagged: World War II - no comments NEW YORK – If you build it, they will stay. The small businesses that dominate the home remodeling industry are expecting robust growth in the next few years, thanks partly to baby boomers who want to remain in their homes…. Read Post → Trump’s tax plan going back to drawing board April 9, 2017 - Business - Tagged: Democratic Party, Donald Trump, Republican Party, Taxes - no comments WASHINGTON – President Donald Trump has scrapped the tax plan he campaigned on and is going back to the drawing board in a search for Republican consensus behind legislation to overhaul the U.S. tax system. The administration’s first attempt to… Read Post → US college grads see slim-to-nothing wage gain since recession April 8, 2017 - Business - no comments WASHINGTON – The bachelor’s degree – long a ticket to middle-class comfort – is losing its luster in the U.S. job market. Wages for college graduates across many majors have fallen since the 2007-09 recession, according to an unpublished analysis… Read Post → New ways to return online purchases that just aren’t right April 8, 2017 - Business - no comments NEW YORK – As online shopping surges, so do the returns – and the hassles for shoppers trying to get rid of items that aren’t right. A few startups dedicated to online returns as well as changes at some big… Read Post → Venmo now used for more than just paying friends April 8, 2017 - Business - no comments Mobile payment apps are easy ways for people to send money to each other – digital replacements for the cash used to pay back a friend for beers or the $50 birthday check to your granddaughter. But some peer-to-peer, or… Read Post → Retail store job cuts deepen as more buyers migrate online April 8, 2017 - Business, News - no comments NEW YORK (AP) — Retail stores are cutting jobs at the sharpest pace in more than seven years, evidence of a seemingly inexorable shift away from employee-heavy stores as Americans increasingly shop online. A combined 60,600 retail job losses over… Read Post → Robocops unite! Those robocalls are out of hand April 7, 2017 - Business - no comments Are robocalls driving you mad? Last year, U.S. consumers received about 2.3 billion automated, unwanted phone calls every month, according to YouMail National Robocall Index. That’s 51,523 calls every minute. Isn’t it time you did something about it? While the… Read Post → Google expands ‘fact check’ conclusions in news searches April 7, 2017 - Business - Tagged: Fake news, Social media - no comments NEW YORK (AP) – Google will expand the use of “fact check” tags in its search results – the tech industry’s latest effort to combat false and misleading news stories. People who search for a topic in Google’s main search… Read Post → Vioguard’s self-cleaning keyboard rids itself of (ew!) germs April 7, 2017 - Business - no comments The keyboards we touch multiple times every day are crawling with germs. But Bothell tech company Vioguard has found a way to eliminate them, and, armed with FDA approval, the company is ready to bring its solution to market. Vioguard… Read Post → ‹ Older posts Newspaper Ads Latest News Hop aboard the Bunny Express! 3 hours ago Meals on Wheels, already cash starved, faces new cuts 3 hours ago Plymouth officer to face DUI charges 3 hours ago Kaynor Tech sends crew to national competition 3 hours ago Pizzeria shootout leaves 2 injured 3 hours ago CategoriesCategories Select Category _Posts Announcements    Anniversaries    Births    Engagements    Marriages    Reunions Blogs    City Beat    Gardening    Off The Record    Pickin’ on Life    Throwback Thursday    What’s for Dinner Campership Cartoon Columns    Active Outdoors    Beer Snob    CT-Music    Living Here    Matter Of Laugh And Death    Nature    Off Stage    Ride CT    Sunday Reflections Community Entertainment    Arts    Best Bets    Movies    Music    Nightlife    People    Theater    TV Featured Gallery    Auto Racing Photo Gallery    College Sports    Graduations    Local Sports Photos    NASA Image of the day    News Gallery    Reader Photos    Social Moments    Top Sports Horoscope Lifestyle    Family    Food    Health    Home    Outdoors    Technology    Travel    wheels News    Bus Routes    Business    Connecticut    Elections       Candidate Profiles       Election Videos       Local Election       National Election          US Senate and House       State Elections    Local    Morning 5    National    New England    News Videos    Offbeat    Today in History    World Obituaries Opinion    Commentary    Editorials    Letters    Syndicated Columnists    Worth Reading    Your Page Records    Courts    Inspections    Police Special    Honor rolls Sports    Athlete of the Week    Auto Racing    College    Goalzone    Golf    High School       Gymnastics    Hoopzone    Latest on The Zone    Local Sports       Local Sports Videos    MLB    NBA    NFL    NHL    Olympics    Pro Sports    Redzone    Soccer    Sports featured    Sports Gallery    Sports Videos    Strikezone    Sunday Six    The Zone test    UConn       Football       Men’s Basketball       The coaches       The Streak       UConn video       UCWBB Best Ever       Women’s Basketball Top Stories Valedictorians    Valedictorians 2016 Videos Polls How should Meals on Wheels programs deal with funding deficits? Cut back on delivery dates Cut back on community meals Increase eligibility requirements Make users pay Seek charitable partners Give up View Results  Loading ... Polls Archive Reader Comments philthy on Meals on Wheels, already cash starved, faces new cuts philthy on State police investigating vandalism in Harwinton, Burlington conservative1 on Lopez: Rename sites for Latinos philthy on Adding controls to businesses won’t help state economy philthy on Connecticut optometrists fighting online eye exams Towns Barkhamsted Beacon Falls Bethlehem Bridgewater Burlington Canaan Cheshire Colebrook Cornwall Falls Village Goshen Harwinton Kent Litchfield Middlebury Morris Naugatuck New Hartford Norfolk Oxford Plymouth Prospect Roxbury Salisbury Seymour Sharon Southbury Thomaston Torrington Warren Waterbury Watertown Winsted Wolcott Woodbury Lottery Powerball for 04/08/2017 23-36-51-53-60 PB-15Next Drawing: Wed. Apr. 12Next Jackpot: $60.0 Million; Est. Cash Value: $36.9 Mega Millions for 04/07/2017 30-33-43-47-69 MB-15 MP-5Next Drawing: Tue. Apr. 11Next Jackpot: $25.0 Million; Est. Cash Value: $15.2 Lotto! for 04/07/2017 02-04-13-31-39-44Next Drawing: Tue. Apr. 11Next Jackpot: $1.6 Million; Est. Cash Value: $1,303,000 Lucky for Life for 04/06/2017 06-18-37-41-47 LB-06Next Drawing: Mon. Apr. 10 Cash5 for 04/09/2017 01-04-06-18-30 Upcoming Events Apr 10 Mon all-day Spring Vacation Camp @ YMCA Camp Mataucha Spring Vacation Camp @ YMCA Camp Mataucha Apr 10 – Apr 14 all-day April 10-14 & 17. Camp is from 9am-3pm, 7:30am – 5:30pm. Games, archery, Gaga, arts & crafts, hiking, field trips to the Sports Center of CT on 3/12, SkyZone on 3/13, and Thomaston Lanes on 3/14. 8:00 am Mohegan Sun Casino @ Griffin School Mohegan Sun Casino @ Griffin School Apr 10 @ 8:00 am – 5:00 pm $30 back in gratuities. Sponsor: Oakville VFW 7330 9:00 am Flanders’ Spring Break Adventure... @ Flanders Nature Center and Land Trust Flanders’ Spring Break Adventure... @ Flanders Nature Center and Land Trust Apr 10 @ 9:00 am – 1:00 pm 9 a.m.-1 p.m. or 1-5 p.m. April 10-14 at Flanders’ Trail House. Children in Kindergarten-Grade 5 participate in hay rides, hikes, games, art projects, crafts, stories; and feed the sheep, goats, horse and pigs and collect eggs. 9:00 am TW Kids @ TheatreWorks New Milford TW Kids @ TheatreWorks New Milford Apr 10 @ 9:00 am – 3:00 pm The 2017 TWKids Spring Break Program, Imagination Exploration for students ages 10 and older begins on Monday, April 10 and runs through Friday, April 14. The program teaches students how to develop characters and stories and culminates in a performance of... 9:30 am Camp @ White Memorial Conservation Center Museum Camp @ White Memorial Conservation Center Museum Apr 10 @ 9:30 am – Apr 13 @ 4:30 pm “Sense”sational Spring Break Camp. 9:30 a.m.-12:30 p.m., grades 1 to 3; 1:30-4:30 p.m., grades 4 to 6. Learn which Connecticut animal has the best sense of hearing, why owls don’t mind eating smelly skunks. Campers will meet live animals, hike, play... View Calendar Add Add to Timely Calendar Add to Google Add to Outlook Add to Apple Calendar Add to other calendar Export to XML Featured Ads WATERBURY WATERBURY 3br $750, 2nd floor. 434 Baldwin St. 203-574-2131 DOGS COMPLETE TREE SERVICE Lot clearing, LOG DOGS COMPLETE TREE SERVICE Lot clearing, stump grinding. Free est. 203-271-3355. 5% of every job donated to local dog rescue. www.logdogstreeremoval.com Comments Popular Today Week Month All Connecticut optometrists fighting online eye exams No solution emerging on tax hike Adding controls to businesses won't help state economy State leaders' priorities growing hard to follow Rep. Esty is 'citizen' in leading program Today Week Month All Fire uncovers drug factory Waterbury lawyer faces drug charge Man shot while walking in Waterbury, police say Lawyer charged in pursuit Updated: Head-on collision in Norfolk injures 4 Featured Ads Featured Coupons Sign up for Email Updates Email Updates Top Stories Town News Lifestyle News Daily News Update Entertainment News The Zone Meta Register Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Republican American 389 Meadow St Waterbury CT 06712 203 574-3636 Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Home Privacy About Contributors Contact Headlines Markets M&A Analysts’ Updates Earnings Health & Biotech Technology PepsiCo Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for PepsiCo Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Recent Market News Garmin Ltd. (GRMN) Stake Increased by Dimensional Fund Advisors LP Altra Industrial Motion Corp (AIMC) Stake Lowered by Dimensional Fund Advisors LP Resources Connection, Inc. (RECN) Shares Bought by Dimensional Fund Advisors LP Dimensional Fund Advisors LP Buys 125,913 Shares of Aceto Co. (ACET) Dimensional Fund Advisors LP Acquires 5,059 Shares of LaSalle Hotel Properties (LHO) Red Robin Gourmet Burgers, Inc. (RRGB) Shares Bought by Dimensional Fund Advisors LP PepsiCo, Inc. (PEP) Shares Sold by Edgewood Management LLC 28,476 Shares in AT&T Inc. (T) Acquired by United Bank Martingale Asset Management L P Has $63,796,000 Position in PepsiCo, Inc. (PEP) Newfield Exploration Co. (NFX) Receives $50.55 Average PT from Analysts Crocs, Inc. (CROX) Receives Consensus Recommendation of “Hold” from Analysts Energen Co. (EGN) Receives $65.24 Consensus Target Price from Analysts Sprint Corp (S) Receives $8.63 Average Price Target from Brokerages Dimension Therapeutics Inc (DMTX) Receives Average Recommendation of “Hold” from Analysts Brokerages Set Empire District Electric Co (EDE) Price Target at $20.13 Axa SA (CS) Receives Average Rating of “Buy” from Analysts Alkermes Plc (ALKS) CMO Elliot Ehrich Sells 11,000 Shares Coldstream Capital Management Inc. Has $5,105,000 Stake in Johnson & Johnson (JNJ) Insider Selling: MKS Instruments, Inc. (MKSI) VP Sells 12,066 Shares of Stock Verisk Analytics, Inc. (VRSK) Director Christopher M. Foskett Sells 10,500 Shares Martingale Asset Management L P Has $63,796,000 Position in PepsiCo, Inc. (PEP) April 9th, 2017 - By Doug Wharley - 0 comments Filed Under: Finance Martingale Asset Management L P cut its stake in shares of PepsiCo, Inc. (NYSE:PEP) by 4.7% during the fourth quarter, according to its most recent filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). The firm owned 609,722 shares of the company’s stock after selling 30,383 shares during the period. PepsiCo comprises about 0.9% of Martingale Asset Management L P’s investment portfolio, making the stock its 10th largest position. Martingale Asset Management L P’s holdings in PepsiCo were worth $63,796,000 as of its most recent filing with the SEC. A number of other institutional investors have also recently bought and sold shares of PEP. Kentucky Retirement Systems bought a new position in shares of PepsiCo during the second quarter valued at approximately $13,013,000. Stonebridge Capital Management Inc. raised its position in shares of PepsiCo by 0.3% in the third quarter. Stonebridge Capital Management Inc. now owns 77,741 shares of the company’s stock valued at $8,456,000 after buying an additional 201 shares in the last quarter. First Eagle Investment Management LLC raised its position in shares of PepsiCo by 106.7% in the third quarter. First Eagle Investment Management LLC now owns 2,469,429 shares of the company’s stock valued at $268,600,000 after buying an additional 1,274,477 shares in the last quarter. NN Investment Partners Holdings N.V. raised its position in shares of PepsiCo by 0.6% in the fourth quarter. NN Investment Partners Holdings N.V. now owns 343,748 shares of the company’s stock valued at $35,966,000 after buying an additional 2,129 shares in the last quarter. Finally, Raymond James Trust N.A. raised its position in shares of PepsiCo by 4.7% in the third quarter. Raymond James Trust N.A. now owns 101,338 shares of the company’s stock valued at $11,023,000 after buying an additional 4,554 shares in the last quarter. Institutional investors own 70.43% of the company’s stock. PepsiCo, Inc. (NYSE:PEP) traded up 0.03% on Friday, hitting $111.61. 2,799,610 shares of the company were exchanged. PepsiCo, Inc. has a 52-week low of $98.50 and a 52-week high of $112.76. The firm has a 50 day moving average of $110.69 and a 200-day moving average of $106.29. The stock has a market cap of $159.29 billion, a PE ratio of 25.60 and a beta of 0.53. PepsiCo (NYSE:PEP) last posted its quarterly earnings data on Wednesday, February 15th. The company reported $1.20 earnings per share for the quarter, topping the consensus estimate of $1.16 by $0.04. The business earned $19.52 billion during the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $19.51 billion. PepsiCo had a net margin of 10.74% and a return on equity of 56.16%. The company’s quarterly revenue was up 5.0% compared to the same quarter last year. During the same quarter in the prior year, the company posted $1.06 earnings per share. On average, equities analysts expect that PepsiCo, Inc. will post $5.12 earnings per share for the current fiscal year. The business also recently disclosed a quarterly dividend, which was paid on Friday, March 31st. Investors of record on Friday, March 3rd were issued a $0.7525 dividend. This represents a $3.01 annualized dividend and a yield of 2.70%. The ex-dividend date was Wednesday, March 1st. PepsiCo’s payout ratio is currently 66.01%. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY WARNING: This news story was reported by The Cerbat Gem and is the sole property of of The Cerbat Gem. If you are accessing this news story on another publication, it was copied illegally and reposted in violation of international trademark and copyright laws. The legal version of this news story can be read at https://www.thecerbatgem.com/2017/04/09/pepsico-inc-pep-is-martingale-asset-management-l-ps-10th-largest-position-updated.html. Several brokerages have recently commented on PEP. BMO Capital Markets restated a “buy” rating and issued a $115.00 price objective on shares of PepsiCo in a report on Wednesday, March 22nd. Credit Suisse Group AG increased their target price on shares of PepsiCo from $115.00 to $121.00 and gave the stock a “buy” rating in a report on Thursday, March 23rd. JPMorgan Chase & Co. assumed coverage on shares of PepsiCo in a report on Tuesday, March 21st. They set an “overweight” rating and a $125.00 target price on the stock. Royal Bank of Canada reiterated a “hold” rating and set a $115.00 target price on shares of PepsiCo in a report on Thursday, March 23rd. Finally, Vetr lowered shares of PepsiCo from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating and set a $109.00 target price on the stock. in a report on Wednesday, January 4th. One investment analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, seven have given a hold rating and thirteen have issued a buy rating to the company. PepsiCo has a consensus rating of “Buy” and an average target price of $114.76. In other PepsiCo news, CEO Laxman Narasimhan sold 4,258 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction dated Monday, March 6th. The shares were sold at an average price of $109.50, for a total value of $466,251.00. Following the completion of the sale, the chief executive officer now directly owns 112,519 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $12,320,830.50. The sale was disclosed in a filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is available through this hyperlink. Also, CEO Ramon Laguarta sold 23,585 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction dated Tuesday, February 28th. The shares were sold at an average price of $109.05, for a total transaction of $2,571,944.25. Following the completion of the sale, the chief executive officer now directly owns 135,859 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $14,815,423.95. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Insiders sold 44,343 shares of company stock valued at $4,850,480 in the last ninety days. Corporate insiders own 0.33% of the company’s stock. PepsiCo Company Profile PepsiCo, Inc is a global food and beverage company. The Company’s portfolio of brands includes Frito-Lay, Gatorade, Pepsi-Cola, Quaker and Tropicana. The Company operates through six segments: Frito-Lay North America (FLNA), Quaker Foods North America (QFNA), North America Beverages (NAB), Latin America, Europe Sub-Saharan Africa (ESSA), and Asia, Middle East and North Africa (AMENA). Receive News & Stock Ratings for PepsiCo Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for PepsiCo Inc. and related stocks with our FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website   © The Cerbat Gem Investing News and Analysis 2012-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About Us | Our Contributors | Contact Us
Alts Equities Smart-Beta New ETFs ETF Ecosystem Webcasts ETF Newsletter Video Podcasts ETF Strategist Channel Smart Beta Channel Search You Are Here: Home → 2017 → April → What to Expect From Bank ETFs in Earnings Season What to Expect From Bank ETFs in Earnings Season April 6, 2017 at 10:46 am by Tom Lydon The Financial Select Sector SPDR (NYSEArca: XLF) and other financial services exchange traded funds are among the more disappointing sector-level plays this year, particularly after the Federal Reserve boosted borrowing costs last month. A subsequent dovish tone from the Fed weighed on financial services, the S&P 500’s second-largest sector weight. As a result, XLF is up just 2% this year. With first-quarter earnings season right around the corner, some market observers believe investors should be careful in betting that earnings will meaningfully impact financial services ETFs. “As we head into quarterly results, our expectations have been lowered, but we remain optimistic near-term that bank fundamentals will continue improving–led mostly by higher rates,” according to part of a KBW note posted by Crystal Kim of Barron’s. KBW has mixed views on first-quarter results for some of XLF’s biggest holdings. The research firm is “raising first-quarter earnings estimates for Bank of New York Mellon (BK), State Street (STT), and Wells Fargo (WFC). He is lowering estimates for Bank of America (BAC), Citigroup (C), Goldman Sachs (GS), JPMorgan Chase (JPM) and Morgan Stanley (MS),” according to Barron’s. The Trump administration’s expansionary policies would be especially beneficial for banks since the segment is sensitive to the overall economy. Moreover, the expansionary policies have fueled bets of increased Federal Reserve interest rate hikes to rein in a potentially overheating economy and rising inflation, which further supports lending revenue and their bottom line among bankers and insurers. The financial sector is getting hit by a double whammy as more are growing concerned over Trump’s ability to deliver on promises and yields on Treasury bonds pulled back. Financial sector valuations still look relatively cheap, compared to the broader market. The sector’s valuations are still about 25% below the average since the early 1990s. XLF is coming off one of its best annual performances since the global financial crisis. While the financial services sector, the second-largest sector allocation in the S&P 500, has some doubters after last year’s impressive rally, some market observers believe the sector can keep tracking higher this year. Some strategists also argue that the financial sector may be a good area to look at this time around, given the potential for growth in a rising rate environment, along with potential tax and regulatory changes under the Donald Trump administration. For more information on the financial sector, visit our financial category. You might also like: How You Can Attract UHNW Clients 9 Strategies to Accelerate the Sales Process It’s the Fiduciary Standard That Matters: NOT the Rule Does Hedge Fund Branding Drive Asset Flows? Post Comment Cancel reply You must be logged in to post a comment. Latest News 7 Sales Questions That Expose What Your Prospect Is Really Thinking April 9, 2017 Featured Is There an Antidote to Market Worry? April 9, 2017 Featured How You Can Attract UHNW Clients April 9, 2017 Featured, Slider 9 Strategies to Accelerate the Sales Process April 9, 2017 Featured, Slider It’s the Fiduciary Standard That Matters: NOT the Rule April 9, 2017 Featured, Slider Keep Calm, Tax Reform Is on Its Way April 8, 2017 Featured Worried About Wealth Transfer? It’s Time for the Human Touch April 8, 2017 Featured Does Hedge Fund Branding Drive Asset Flows? April 8, 2017 Featured, Slider 7 Sales Questions That Expose What Your Prospect Is Really Thinking April 9, 2017 Featured Is There an Antidote to Market Worry? April 9, 2017 Featured How You Can Attract UHNW Clients April 9, 2017 Featured, Slider 9 Strategies to Accelerate the Sales Process April 9, 2017 Featured, Slider It’s the Fiduciary Standard That Matters: NOT the Rule April 9, 2017 Featured, Slider About Us Thanks for visiting ETFtrends.com. Our team of writers, editors, and financial experts work hard to bring you the latest news, trends and insights from the world of exchange traded funds. The following links will give you some further information about us and our team. Read more BE SURE TO VISIT Articles Index Category Highlights ETF Education Central ETF Resume Feature Articles Video Podcasts Glossary COPYRIGHT © 2005-2017 GLOBAL TRENDS INVESTMENTS. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. DISCLAIMERS &nbsp;
msn back to msn home money search money search web search Sign in Change language & content: América Latina (español) Argentina (español) Australia (English) België (Nederlands) Belgique (français) Brasil (português) Canada (English) Canada (français) Chile (español) Colombia (español) Danmark (Dansk) Deutschland (Deutsch) España (español) France (français) India (English) Indonesia (Bahasa Indonesia) Ireland (English) Italia (italiano) Malaysia (English) México (español) Nederland (Nederlands) New Zealand (English) Norge (norsk, bokmål) Österreich (Deutsch) Perú (español) Philippines (English) Polska (polski) Portugal (Português) Schweiz (Deutsch) Singapore (English) South Africa (English) Suisse (français) Suomi (suomi) Sverige (svenska) Türkiye (Türkçe) United Arab Emirates (English) United Kingdom (English) United States (English) United States (español) Venezuela (español) Việt Nam (Tiếng Việt) Ελλάδα (ελληνικά) Россия (Pусский) ישראל (עברית)‏ الإمارات العربية المتحدة (العربية‏) المملكة العربية السعودية (العربية‏) مصر (العربية‏) ไทย (ไทย) 한국 (한국어) 中华人民共和国 (简体中文) 台灣 (繁體中文) 日本 (日本語) 香港特别行政區 (繁體中文) Switch to Latino (Español) Feedback Help Today Markets Investing Personal Finance Real Estate Careers Small Business My Watchlist Mortgages Credit Cards Tools Home News Weather Entertainment Sports Money Lifestyle Health & Fitness Food & Drink Travel Autos Video Top Stocks Inside the Ticker Mutual Funds and ETFs Small Business Expert Voices Taxes Stock Picks Today's 52-Week Highs Today's 52-Week Lows Volume Shockers Price Shockers High-yield Stocks The Best Blue-Chip Stocks AdChoices China Vice Stocks Are Back in Vogue as Anti-Graft Impact Fades Bloomberg Bloomberg News 10 hrs ago SHARE SHARE TWEET SHARE EMAIL The week ahead: 3 big things that markets need to watch China offers concessions to avert trade war with US © Bloomberg News BC-CHINA-VICE (Bloomberg) -- Industries that suffered under President Xi Jinping’s anti-corruption campaign are thriving again. Quotes in the article Kweichow Moutai Co Ltd 600519 ▼ 389.91 -2.96 -0.75% The Swatch Group AG SWGAY ▼ 17.63 -0.01 -0.03% Sands China Ltd SCHYY ▲ 48.90 +0.70 +1.45% Wuliangye Yibin Co Ltd 000858 ▼ 41.69 -1.00 -2.34% AdChoices Shares of Macau casino operators have clawed their way back to the highest level since August 2015 as VIP takings recover. Makers of pricey spirits, which became a symbol for official excess, are trading near multi-year highs. Even Chinese imports of Swiss watches are looking buoyant, jumping 28 percent in December alone, as demand rebuilds in the wake of the Communist Party’s crackdown on conspicuous spending. Much of the investor confidence can be attributed to the success of industry efforts to target the mass market, rather than relying on a cashed-up elite. Casinos shifted to courting tourists and building family-friendly facilities in Macau. Kweichow Moutai Co. cut prices of its premium liquor to make it more affordable, an approach emulated by Swatch Group AG, which introduced more economical models. Bolstering their outlook is a perception that Xi’s campaign is losing its immediacy, according to Sun Hung Kai Financial Ltd. "Anti-corruption remains a concern to those stocks, but it’s no longer a top concern," said Kenny Wen, a strategist at Sun Hung Kai Financial in Hong Kong. Demand from the mass market has given these industries a "new growth engine," he said. Reversal of Fortunes It’s easy to see why investors are optimistic. Macau’s casino revenue growth jumped 18 percent in March, the fastest pace in eight months, as both high rollers and leisure gamblers flocked to the former Portuguese enclave. Kweichow Moutai said in February it expected first-quarter net income to climb about 16 percent to 5.7 billion yuan ($826.4m). Such a turnaround is remarkable given the pressures that affected the industries near the start of Xi’s presidency. Macau gambling revenue fell every month for more than two years straight beginning in mid-2014, a stretch that included a record 49 percent plunge in February 2015. This helped drag shares of companies such as Galaxy Entertainment Group Ltd. and Sands China Ltd. down more than 65 percent from their peak. The crackdown on graft equally reverberated through the alcohol industry. Five years ago, government-related sales accounted for about 70 percent of the total at premium spirits distillers Kweichow Moutai, Wuliangye Yibin Co. and Luzhou Laojiao Co., according to Sanford C Bernstein & Co. That’s fallen to no more than 10 percent, said Hong Kong-based Bernstein analyst Euan McLeish, citing meetings with the companies’ management. "The structure of demand has fundamentally changed," said McLeish. "What has become increasingly apparent is that there is underlying demand from individuals. That’s really why the interest in those stocks picked up so much." There are concerns gains in vice stocks have been too far, too fast. Galaxy has surged 60 percent in the past 12 months, the third-best performance on Hong Kong’s Hang Seng Index. Its shares trade at 26 times projected earnings, 42 percent above its five-year average. Kweichow Moutai and Wuliangye have gained more than 50 percent in that time, five times the pace of China’s CSI 300 Index. "Casino stocks have almost fully priced in an industry recovery in 2017 so shares may end the year roughly unchanged," said Daniel So, Kong Kong-based strategist with CMB International Securities Ltd. Arthur Kwong, Hong Kong-based Head of Asia Pacific Equities at BNP Paribas Investment Partners Asia Ltd., says enthusiasm toward casinos would quickly dim if the State Council rolls out tough measures to curb capital outflows. And Xi’s drive to clean up official corruption hasn’t gone away, even if investors are less worried about the impact as the campaign enters its fifth year. About 415,000 officials were punished in 2016, a 23 percent increase from the previous year, according to government statistics. At least 120 officials at the vice-ministerial rank or above have been among those ensnared, including Zhou Yongkang, the country’s former security chief, and Ling Jihua, the former chief of staff to Xi’s predecessor. Xiang Junbo, chairman of the country’s insurance regulator, became the latest senior official to come under the spotlight. Xiang, formerly head of Agricultural Bank of China Ltd., is under investigation on suspicion of severe disciplinary violations, according to a government statement posted on Sunday that didn’t give further details of the probe. Still, analysts are bullish: Galaxy has 20 buys and just 1 sell rating, while Kweichow Moutai has 26 buys and zero sells. Ebru Sener Kurumlu, an analyst at JPMorgan Chase & Co. forecasts the spirit maker will lift sales by about 11 percent this year, while Foundation Asset Management (HK) Ltd. ’s Michael Liang sees the recovery continuing. "With the improving economy, soaring home prices and growing luxury car sales, I see the big picture," said Liang, Hong Kong-based chief investment officer of Foundation Asset. "It’s a consumption upgrade.” --With assistance from Ting Shi Brendan Scott and Hannah Dormido To contact Bloomberg News staff for this story: Jeanny Yu in Hong Kong at jyu107@bloomberg.net, Amanda Wang in Shanghai at twang234@bloomberg.net. To contact the editors responsible for this story: Richard Frost at rfrost4@bloomberg.net, Ryan Lovdahl ©2017 Bloomberg L.P. Go to MSN Home Go to MSN Money Join the conversation Report Abuse Report inappropriate content Sorry! There was a problem. Please try again. Help us maintain a healthy and vibrant community by reporting any illegal or inappropriate behavior that violates MSN’s Code of Conduct. Select a category Spam Child pornography or exploitation Profanity, vulgarity or obscenity Copyright infringement Harassment or threat Threats of suicide Other Who posted the inappropriate comment (Required) Paste the unacceptable comment here submit Leave your comment AdChoices AdChoices AdChoices Feedback © 2017 Microsoft Privacy Legal About our Ads Feedback Help MSN Worldwide Newsletter Found the story interesting? Like us on Facebook to see similar stories I'm already a fan, don't show this again Send Feedback Provide Feedback Report a Problem We appreciate your input! Select a category: I'm having problems with Top Destinations I'm having issues searching I'm having problems with Featured Apps I see an error in the content Other How we can improve? Please give an overall site rating: Submit Close Privacy Statement Help Help & Support
| E-Paper Sections Home Companies Industry Politics Money Opinion Lounge Consumer Elections 2017 More... MultimediaScienceEducationSportsSpecials People Results Management Start-ups Financial Services Manufacturing Retail Telecom Infotech Infrastructure Education World Reports Agriculture Mint 50 Mark to Market Markets Ask Mint Money Calculators Mediclaim Ratings Views Online Views Columns Quick Edit Blogs Lounge Business of Life Slideshows Videos Technology Videos Marketing Research Personal Tech Media Advertising Reclaiming safe public spaces 2017: New year, new beginnings The year of surprise Home » Industry Last Modified: Mon, Apr 10 2017. 04 10 AM IST Reliance Jio: Is the govt finally taking note of impact of free services? High-level meetings centred on Reliance Jio seem to suggest the government has taken note of impact of free services on the telecom industry and its own revenue Subscribe to our newsletter. Amrit Raj Telecom regulator Trai had on Thursday ordered halting of Reliance Jio’s Summer Surprise offer. Photo: Aniruddha Chowdhury/Mint New Delhi: High-level meetings, centred on Reliance Jio Infocomm Ltd that preceded the telecom regulator’s Thursday order halting a complimentary offer from the Mukesh Ambani-run telco, seem to suggest that the government has taken note of the impact of free services on the industry and its own revenue. A day before the Telecom Regulatory Authority of India’s (Trai) order, telecom minister Manoj Sinha met officials to discuss Reliance Jio’s promotional offers and their impact on the telecom sector and licence fee collection, two people familiar with the matter said.  Licence fee collection in the March quarter is expected to decline 28% to Rs2,300 crore from Rs3,165.8 crore in the December quarter, these people said, asking not to be identified. ALSO READ | Reliance Jio to withdraw Summer Surprise offer after Trai’s order Sinha was briefed by his bureaucrats about the industry’s demand that licence fee for the fourth quarter should be on actuals and should be equal to the licence fee of the March quarter. Sinha was also informed that the industry’s debt levels have risen sharply from Rs2.7 trillion in 2014 to Rs4.85 trillion at the end of 31 December, 2016. P.K. Pujari, secretary, ministry of power, who also holds additional charge for the department of telecom (DoT), did not respond to phone calls and a text message seeking a response. Rajan Mathews, director general, Cellular Operators Association of India (COAI), confirmed that he had written to DoT seeking respite from submitting licence fees, among other issues. “Nobody in their wildest dreams had thought that revenue will come under pressure as we thought subscribers will keep increasing, but now, because of the situation that we are in, nobody had anticipated that somebody will give away 100% services for free,” Mathews said. ALSO READ | Reliance Jio complementary offer not in sync with regulations, says Trai An email sent to Reliance Jio on Thursday remained unanswered till press time. Telecom companies have repeatedly complained against Jio’s free offers since its launch in September. Jio initially offered free voice calls and data until the year-end in a promotional offer, and later extended them to 31 March, further to June-end, which is now being rolled back. Sinha’s meeting came days after cabinet secretary P.K. Sinha asked SBI Caps to apprise him of the situation in the telecom sector. According to a Moneycontrol.com report on 5 April, the state-run investment bank highlighted the industry’s debt situation as a major worry. Such activity in the government, the people mentioned earlier  said, were largely triggered by Jio’s announcement on 31 March, when it said it had a paid subscriber base of 72 million and that its services would remain free for three more months till end-June for certain users. ALSO READ | It’s the survival of the biggest in India’s telecom industry Experts said Trai and DoT may be seeing merit in arguments that the industry incumbents are hurting as a result of these offers. “The regulator’s decision likely reflects a more holistic view of the health of the players, which would be critical for the roll-out of 4G services and fulfil the Digital India agenda of the government,” Deutsche Bank Markets Research said in a note on 7 April. JPMorgan Asia Pacific Research said that it expects a Rs1,500-crore annualized shortfall in the government’s revenue because of a tariff war that has disrupted the industry. “Going forward, new free offers from Reliance Jio could invite greater scrutiny and may not be easy to push through, if this event is any indication,” it said in a note on Friday. “This could be an indication that Trai and the DoT have begun to see RJio’s promotional offers as dragging down and/or hurting industry revenues (by implication, affecting government proceeds by way of licence and spectrum fees it collects from operators) – a mild relief for the incumbents,” JP Morgan added. Amrit Raj Topics: Reliance Jio free offers free services Summer Surprise offer Trai More From Livemint READ MORE Opposition to meet Election Commission over EVM tampering allegations Android phones for the perfect shot Lok Sabha disrupted as opposition protests Tarun Vijay’s racial remarks First Published: Mon, Apr 10 2017. 02 57 AM IST Editor's Picks Uttar Pradesh’s farm loan waiver: Neither egalitarian nor productive Edelweiss ARC begins BILT Graphic loan recast, may infuse Rs400 crore Snapdeal’s co-founders hint firm’s fate not in their hands Latest News Opposition to meet Election Commission over EVM tampering allegations Android phones for the perfect shot Lok Sabha disrupted as opposition protests Tarun Vijay’s racial remarks Indian nurses in Kuwait to be hired only via govt-run agencies Yogi Adityanath govt starts work on 6 AIIMS, 25 new medical colleges Mint On Sunday All the world's a stage: Teaching autistic children through theatre When ant enslaves ant The beauty of a good detective story Letter from... a backpack Love in the age of terabytes Home Companies Opinion Industry Politics Consumer Lounge Multimedia Money Sitemap Subscribe Contact Us Mint Code Privacy policy Terms of Use Advertising Mint Apps About Us Syndication Mint on Sunday RSS Hindustan Times Desimartini Copyright © 2017 HT Media Ltd. All Rights Reserved Close Home Companies Industry Politics Money Opinion Lounge Elections 2017 Multimedia Consumer Science Education Sports Specials Close
RecomN - Local Services| About Us| E-Paper| Search| MOBILE KLIK UNTUK PROJEKMMO 点击M中文网 Facebook Twitter RSS Last updated Monday, April 10, 2017 2:46 pm GMT+8 Kuala Lumpur 32°C, Mostly Cloudy MMOTV News Malaysia World Money Life Showbiz Opinion Sports Eat/Drink Travel Read Tech/Gadgets Drive Gallery Money China probes chief of top insurance regulator Sunday April 9, 2017 05:32 PM GMT+8 ICYMI The Edit: Damage to Great Barrier Reef ‘unprecedented’ ProjekMMO: Menang enam anugerah, Ziela Jalil kenang jasa Buntat Familiarity breeds tension in Champions League quarterfinals The Edit: ‘Gilmore Girls’ stars respond to the latest revival rumours Advertisement More stories                Tools Increase Text Decrease Text Reset Text Print Article Xiang Junbo, chairman of China Insurance Regulatory Commission (CIRC), attends a news conference on the sidelines of the National People’s Congress (NPC) in China’s parliament, in Beijing, China March 12, 2016. — Reuters picBEIJING, April 9 — China has opened an investigation into the head of its top insurance regulatory body, the anti-corruption watchdog said today in an announcement that could signal problems for some of the country’s most powerful companies. Xiang Junbo is being probed for “suspected serious violation of the Party’s code of conduct,” the Central Commission for Discipline Inspection said in a brief statement on its website. The phrase is often a euphemism for corruption. Xiang took the top spot at the China Insurance Regulatory Commission in 2011 after heading the Agricultural Bank of China, one of the biggest state banks. Various Chinese regulatory agencies have trained their sights on the insurance industry, complaining about companies’ use of their financial holdings to fund risky acquisitions in real estate and unlisted equities. In February Beijing announced investigations into several major insurance companies, including Evergrande Life and Foresea Life, for alleged market manipulation. The announcement came after the chairman of the China Securities Regulatory Commission singled out the industry as a home for “barbarians” and “thieves” who engaged in debt-fuelled stock market acquisitions. The president of PICC, the country’s first non-life insurance company, is also currently being probed for corruption. Rumours about a possible investigation into Xiang have been swirling for months. He has previously been tied to scandal. In 2014, the New York Times reported he approached JPMorgan executives for a job for the child of a well-connected friend. Last November the company agreed to pay US $264 million (RM1.2 billion) fine to the US government to settle claims it had violated the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act by handing out jobs to the friends and family of top Chinese officials under similar circumstances in exchange for preferential treatment. — AFP                MORE ON MMOTV Most Viewed Now Week Australia PM, Musk discuss offer to fix power woes Activist targets GM share structure, board Selangor Zakat Board targets RM700m tithe collection in 2017 Deutsche Bank board to meet Sunday to discuss capital hike Ringgit slightly lower against US dollar Australia PM, Musk discuss offer to fix power woes Deutsche Bank board to meet Sunday to discuss capital hike Selangor Zakat Board targets RM700m tithe collection in 2017 Activist targets GM share structure, board Second Australia miner declares force majeure in wake of Cyclone Debbie Most Watched Now Week Reuters Video: ‘Babies’ on board for Beyonce and Jay Z Star-studded lineup in 'War Machine' Reuters Video: Cast and crew of ‘The Beguiled’ discuss the remake Reuters Video: ‘Babies’ on board for Beyonce and Jay Z Reuters Video: Cast and crew of ‘The Beguiled’ discuss the remake Star-studded lineup in 'War Machine' Related Articles Hong Kong protester jailed over anti-China clashes Young directors take top prize at Hong Kong Film Awards China’s HNA offers to buy Singapore’s CWT for US$1bn Dalai Lama accuses China of fooling its people (VIDEO) US sends message to N. Korea, China with Syria strike Advertisement MMO Instagram Tweets by @themmailonline Tweets by @themmailonline MMOTV News Malaysia World Money Life Showbiz Opinion Sports Eat/Drink Travel Read Tech/Gadgets Drive Gallery Copyright © 2017 Malay Mail Online About Us | Contact Us | Policies | Search | Archive | E-Paper | Mobile | ProjekMMO | RecomN - Local Services
Monday, April 10 , 2017, 12:05 am | Fair 51º Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Pinterest YouTube     MENU My Noozhawk Subscribe Text Alerts Hawks Club Submit Your News Contact Us Meet the Team About Noozhawk Advertise Sponsorship Application Terms of Use Privacy Policy Local News Local News Bill Macfadyen A.M. Report Archive Noozhawk Asks Emergency Preparedness Good for Santa Barbara Your Health Salute to Nurses News Grid News Releases Photo of the Day Locals Only Videos UCSB Special Reports Noozhawk Asks Emergency Preparedness Good for Santa Barbara Salute to Nurses El Niño Prescription for Abuse Safety Net Series Santa Barbara Challenge Missing Pets Obituaries Obituaries Submit an Obituary Noozhawk Asks Noozhawk Asks Emergency Preparedness Emergency Preparedness Good for Santa Barbara Good for Santa Barbara Your Health Your Health Health Videos Salute to Nurses Sports Sports Outdoors Allison Moehlis Outdoors Outdoors Capt. David Bacon Ray Ford Dennis Mammana Dan McCaslin Sports Carrie Wilson Business Business BizHawk Scott Campbell John Haan Sanford Horowitz Chris Jones Travis Logue Talking Law Jobs Schools Schools ParentNooz Activity Listings Bill Cirone Dos Pueblos High School Charger Account Laguna Blanca School Fourth Estate San Marcos High School King's Page Santa Barbara High School Forge Santa Barbara High School MAD Academy ParentNooz ParentNooz Activity Listings First 5 Lee Littlewood Ben Romo Alana Walczak Multimedia Photo Galleries Locals Only Videos Nonprofits Nonprofits Good for Santa Barbara iSociety Ken Saxon Cynder Sinclair Sponsorship Application iSociety iSociety Good for Santa Barbara Nonprofits Sponsorship Application Homes & Lifestyle Homes & Lifestyle Weekly Home Showcase Lisa Amador Rona Barrett Brian Burke First 5 Judy Foreman Susan Miles Gulbransen Laurie Jervis Tara Jones Jim Langley Winifred Lender Collin McShirley Louise Palanker Donna Polizzi Ben Romo Tracy Shawn Karen Telleen-Lawton Alana Walczak Arts Cinema in Focus Jeff Moehlis Danny Tyree Calendar Opinions Opinions Letters to the Editor Bill Macfadyen Randy Alcorn Michael Barone Lou Cannon Joe Conason Veronique de Rugy Diane Dimond Will Durst Susan Estrich Ron Fink Christine Flowers Peter Funt Brian Goebel Joe Guzzardi David Harsanyi Tam Hunt Ken Macdonald Michelle Malkin Ron Paul Dick Polman Tom Purcell Ted Rall Mark Shields Susan Stamper Brown Jamie Stiehm Ken Williams Columnists Bill Macfadyen Randy Alcorn Lisa Amador Capt. David Bacon Rona Barrett Brian Burke Scott Campbell Lou Cannon Catholic Church of the Beatitudes Cinema in Focus Bill Cirone Joe Conason Veronique de Rugy Diane Dimond Will Durst Susan Estrich Ron Fink First 5 Christine Flowers Ray Ford Judy Foreman Peter Funt Brian Goebel Susan Miles Gulbransen Joe Guzzardi John Haan David Harsanyi Sanford Horowitz Tam Hunt Laurie Jervis Chris Jones Tara Jones Jim Langley Winifred Lender Lee Littlewood Travis Logue Ken Macdonald Michelle Malkin Dennis Mammana Dan McCaslin Collin McShirley Allison Moehlis Jeff Moehlis Louise Palanker Ron Paul Donna Polizzi Dick Polman Tom Purcell Ted Rall Ben Romo Ken Saxon Tracy Shawn Mark Shields Cynder Sinclair Susan Stamper Brown Jamie Stiehm Talking Law Karen Telleen-Lawton Danny Tyree Alana Walczak Ken Williams Carrie Wilson Home Local News Schools Sports Business Nonprofits Arts Homes & Lifestyle Your Health     News Releases Posted on April 9, 2017 | 9:00 a.m. Santa Barbara County Adds Leadership Pro to HR Department Source: Peter Dugre for Santa Barbara County Share on email Share on print All the buzz in the private sector workforce is humming around employee culture and increased productivity through structural efficiencies. Leonie Mattison Santa Barbara County is responding by revamping its approach in the public sector with the addition of Leonie Mattison as its director of Organizational Transformation and Leadership. Joining the human resources team, Mattison will reboot the county’s Employees’ University — offering a range of leadership training and professional development workshops — and contribute organizational input she acquired over 15 years in the private sector. Jamaican-born, Mattison said she is excited to join and support a diverse and dynamic team. “I look forward to playing an important role in the future of Santa Barbara County while building on the strong foundation already established by the leadership team and staff,” Mattison said. “HR is committed to empowering our people to lead, and I am eager to listen to and engage with the staff and the local community members to foster strong relationships that will deepen our impact,” she said. As the former director of Organizational Development and Research Operations at Santa Barbara’s William Sansum Diabetes Center, Mattison was credited with creating organization efficiency and raising several million dollars for clinical research, training and development. She has specialized in setting strategic directions to transform organizations and deliver results measured in profitability, cycle time reduction, added quality and employee effectiveness. “Dr. Mattison brings a wealth of pertinent knowledge to the county of Santa Barbara,” said Andreas Pyper, assistant director of human resources. Prior to her time in California, Mattison held key positions at the New York City Department of Health and Mental Hygiene, Newark Alliance, Merck & Company and JP Morgan Chase. She holds a doctorate in organizational leadership from Argosy University in Pittsburgh, and an MBA from Georgian Court University, Lakewood, N.J. Mattison’s first day will be April 10. — Peter Dugre for Santa Barbara County. Share on email Share on print   Ask Vote Investigate Answer Noozhawk Asks: What’s Your Question? Welcome to Noozhawk Asks, a new feature in which you ask the questions, you help decide what Noozhawk investigates, and you work with us to find the answers. Here’s how it works: You share your questions with us in the nearby box. In some cases, we may work with you to find the answers. In others, we may ask you to vote on your top choices to help us narrow the scope. And we’ll be regularly asking you for your feedback on a specific issue or topic. We also expect to work together with the reader who asked the winning questions to find the answer together. Noozhawk’s objective is to come at questions from a place of curiosity and openness, and we believe a transparent collaboration is the key to achieve it. The results of our investigation will be published here in this Noozhawk Asks section. Once or twice a month, we plan to do a review of what was asked and answered. Thanks for asking! Click here to get started > Support Noozhawk Today You are an important ally in our mission to deliver clear, objective, high-quality professional news reporting for Santa Barbara, Goleta and the rest of Santa Barbara County. Join the Hawks Club today to help keep Noozhawk soaring. We offer four membership levels: $5 a month, $10 a month, $25 a month or $1 a week. Payments can be made through PayPal below, or click here for information on recurring credit-card payments. Thank you for your vital support. Red-Tailed Hawk : $5.00 USD - monthly Cooper's Hawk : $10.00 USD - monthly Red-Shouldered Hawk : $25.00 USD - monthly Birds of a Feather : $52.00 USD - yearly VIEW COMMENTS > Most Shared Latest Posts 1. Developers of Village at Los Carneros Seek Agreement Changes to Expedite Goleta… - April 9, 2017 | 11:20 p.m. 2. Dan McCaslin: Natural Beauty Abounds at Ojai Meadows Preserve - April 9, 2017 | 10:40 p.m. 3. National Charity League Sends Off Its 2017 Senior Class in Style - April 9, 2017 | 10:20 p.m. 4. Canada’s Derek Drouin Officially Sets World Mark in Decathlon High Jump - April 9, 2017 | 9:25 p.m. 5. UCSB Baseball Loses to Northridge on Walk-Off Home Run - April 9, 2017 | 9:17 p.m. Daily Noozhawk Subscribe to Noozhawk's A.M. Report, our free e-Bulletin sent out every day at 4:15 a.m. with Noozhawk's top stories, hand-picked by the editors. Sign Up Now > Facebook Twitter Tweets from https://twitter.com/Noozhawk/lists/noozhawks More Tweets > Noozhawk Homes Powered by Chicago Title and Fidelity National Title -- Weekly Home Showcase 1224 Harbor Hills, Santa Barbara 93109 975 Mariposa Lane, Santa Barbara 93108   More Homes >     Home About Us What We Do Meet the Team Contact Us Want to Work? Hawks Club Terms of Use Privacy Policy Services Advertise Subscribe Text Alerts Donate Make Noozhawk Your Home Page Affiliates Authentically Local Dos Pueblos High School Charger Account Laguna Blanca School Fourth Estate San Marcos High School King's Page Contact Submit Your News Advertise Sponsorship Application Have a Question?     © Malamute Ventures LLC 2007-2017 | ISSN No. 1947-6086 Noozhawk is a founding member of the national Authentically Local project for independent online media. Site design and development by Hop Studios  
Jump to main navigationJump to main content News Search News by eluta.ca Search Jobs at eluta.ca Jobs Login Register 18  Toronto Subscribe Help AdChoices Home News Opinion Business Investing Sports Life Arts Tech Drive Real Estate Streetwise Economy International Industry News Small Business Commentary Careers Magazine Report on Business Streetwise News and analysis on Bay Street and the world of finance available exclusively to subscribers of Globe Unlimited Home» Report on Business» Streetwise Subscribe to RSS Entry archive: Choose month April 2017 March 2017 February 2017 January 2017 December 2016 November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 September 2013 August 2013 July 2013 June 2013 May 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013 January 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 August 2012 July 2012 June 2012 May 2012 April 2012 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 November 2011 October 2011 September 2011 August 2011 July 2011 June 2011 May 2011 April 2011 March 2011 February 2011 January 2011 December 2010 November 2010 October 2010 September 2010 August 2010 July 2010 June 2010 May 2010 April 2010 March 2010 February 2010 January 2010 December 2009 November 2009 October 2009 September 2009 August 2009 July 2009 June 2009 May 2009 April 2009 March 2009 February 2009 January 2009 December 2008 November 2008 October 2008 September 2008 August 2008 July 2008 June 2008 May 2008 April 2008 March 2008 February 2008 January 2008 December 2007 November 2007 October 2007 September 2007 August 2007 July 2007 June 2007 May 2007 April 2007 Canada’s oil-patch deal flow picks up in 2017 Add to ... Subscribers Only Christina Pellegrini And Jeff Lewis The Globe and Mail Published Thursday, Apr. 06, 2017 5:00AM EDT Last updated Thursday, Apr. 06, 2017 5:00AM EDT Comments Share via email Share on facebook Share on twitter Share on LinkedIn PrintLicense article Blockbuster deals in Canada’s oil patch unveiled in the first quarter have kept energy bankers, lawyers and investors busy. A tepid outlook for crude prices after a lengthy downturn has sparked a wave of consolidation in the oil sands, as major domestic producers scramble to lower costs in one of the world’s priciest exploration zones. Thomson Reuters’s quarterly ranking of Canadian deal-making by investment banks and law firms shows that foreign dealers, led by JPMorgan Chase & Co., have played leading roles in these energy transactions. X To continue reading this article, you must be a Globe Unlimited subscriber. Don't stop here. Go unlimited. A Globe Unlimited subscription also gives you: Full access to all our award-winning news articles and exclusive features Access and availability on all devices and platforms Real-time Stock Quotes that remove the 15-minute stock price delay on all Canadian stock portals Reuters Financial News providing key insights from the world's best economies and markets newsroom Subscribe to Globe Unlimited now! Already a print newspaper subscriber? Click here to get full access to Globe Unlimited. Already a Globe Unlimited subscriber? Log in to keep reading. Keep me logged in I forgot my password No Thanks Report Typo/Error Follow Jeff Lewis on Twitter: @jeffalewis   CVE-TCenovus Energy Inc Latest Price$14.74 0.00 (0.00%) CVE-NCenovus Energy Inc Latest Price$10.96 0.00 (0.00%) CNQ-TCanadian Natural Resources Ltd Latest Price$44.60 0.00 (0.00%) CNQ-NCanadian Natural Resources Ltd Latest Price$33.29 0.00 (0.00%) COP-NConocoPhillips Latest Price$49.54 0.00 (0.00%) RDS.B-NRoyal Dutch Shell PLC Latest Price$56.43 0.00 (0.00%) ALA-TAltagas Ltd Latest Price$30.95 0.00 (0.00%) WGL-NWGL Holdings Inc Latest Price$81.96 0.00 (0.00%) SU-TSuncor Energy Inc Latest Price$41.47 0.00 (0.00%) SU-NSuncor Energy Inc Latest Price$30.98 0.00 (0.00%) IMO-TImperial Oil Ltd Latest Price$40.58 0.00 (0.00%) IMO-AImperial Oil Ltd Latest Price$30.33 0.00 (0.00%) TRP-TTransCanada Corp Latest Price$62.96 0.00 (0.00%) TRP-NTransCanada Corp Latest Price$46.95 0.00 (0.00%) ENB-TEnbridge Inc Latest Price$56.80 0.00 (0.00%) ENB-NEnbridge Inc Latest Price$42.35 0.00 (0.00%) Updated April 7 4:00 PM EDT. Delayed by at least 15 minutes. More Related to this Story BIG DEALS New risks rain on oil patch’s parade Here's why investors reacted so differently to two similar oil sands deals As crude hits three-month low, oil patch worries return Topics Energy Comments Share via email Share on facebook Share on twitter Share on LinkedIn PrintLicense article Next story | Learn More Discover content from The Globe and Mail that you might otherwise not have come across. Here we’ll provide you with fresh suggestions where we will continue to make even better ones as we get to know you better. You can let us know if a suggestion is not to your liking by hitting the ‘’ close button to the right of the headline. {{article_sprite}} {{title}} {{published_at}} Trending {{title}} Most popular videos » News Scarlett Johansson 'disappointed' in Ivanka Trump Report on Business This tiny Toronto house sold for $370,000 over asking News Opinion: Saunders: Trump's surprise airstrike part of U.S. political tradition News McCain: We need further air operations in Syria News Clashes at U.N. over U.S. airstrikes on Syria Report on Business Carrick Talks Money: Three ways retirees can defend their savings against a stock market crash News Trudeau, Hollande mark centenary of Vimy Ridge battle Technology Student-designed rocket reaches record heights Report on Business Inside the Market: Three things investors should pay attention to in Q2 Technology LiFi tech turns light bulbs into Internet transmitters Life Want to lose that gut? The Globe's Dave McGinn has three tips from his effort to trim down News Moscow says U.S. ties 'hurt' by Syria missile strike ◀ ● ● ● ▶ More from The Globe and Mail Report on Business Growth slows for Canadian farmland value amid declining field-crop prices Arts With her Leonard Cohen tribute, Feist found a way to say goodbye Most popular U.S. hardens stance on Russia over al-Assad support Fifth body recovered in hiking disaster near Vancouver April 10: Your daily horoscope Kelly: Garcia’s Masters victory the ultimate act of redemption All of Canada would pay the price if Toronto’s real estate bubble burst X connect with us Products The Globe and Mail Newspaper Newspaper delivered to your doorstep. Subscribe to the newspaper Globe Unlimited Digital all access pass across devices. Subscribe to Globe Unlimited Globe2Go The digital replica of our newspaper. Subscribe to Globe2Go Globe Email Newsletters Get top Globe stories sent to your inbox. Subscribe to email newsletters Globe eBooks A collection of articles by the Globe. View the library Advertise with us GlobeLink.ca Your number one partner for reaching Canada's Influential Achievers. Or go directly to: Newspaper Magazine Digital Globe Alliance: extend your reach Globe Edge: custom content Classifieds The Globe at your Workplace Globe Corporate Sales Globe Unlimited digital edition and Globe2Go e-paper group discounts available. Learn more Corporate financial data and content licensing for your organization. Learn more Or go directly to: Report On Business Top 1000 DataStore essential business intelligence Our Company About us Work at The Globe Staff The Globe and Mail Centre Secure Services Secure Drop Staff PGP Directory Customer Service Contact Us Customer Preference Center FAQs Customer Care website Digital subscription services Print subscription services Change your delivery address Vacation Stops Mobile Apps News NEWS APP Available for download on the following devices iPhone iPad Android Blackberry Other Sections Appointments Art Store Births & Announcements Corrections Classifieds Classroom Edition Deaths Newspaper Ads Real Estate Special Reports Site Map Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Disclaimer Accessibility Policy Community Guidelines Globe sustainability Editorial Code of Conduct Restrictions © Thomson Reuters 2012. All rights reserved. Republication or redistribution of Thomson Reuters content, including by framing or similar means, is prohibited without the prior written consent of Thomson Reuters. Thomson Reuters is not liable for any errors or delays in Thomson Reuters content, or for any actions taken in reliance on such content. ‘Thomson Reuters’ and the Thomson Reuters logo are trademarks of Thomson Reuters and its affiliated companies. Selected data supplied by Thomson Reuters.© Thomson Reuters Limited. Click for Restrictions . Copyright 2017 The Globe and Mail Inc. All Rights Reserved. 351 King Street East, Suite 1600,  Toronto,  ON  Canada  M5A 0N1 Phillip Crawley, Publisher Add to Watchlist Add to Watchlist We've run into a glitch. Please try again later. We've run into a glitch. Please try again later.
SUBSCRIBE NOWFOR HOME DELIVERY Home News Sports Business Autos Life Entertainment Opinion Advice Mitch Albom Archives Insider Media USA TODAY More Home News Sports Business Autos Life Entertainment Opinion Advice Mitch Albom Archives Insider Media USA TODAY social Follow search Firefly Hi Already a subscriber?Log in Subscribe today for full access on your desktop, tablet, and mobile device.Subscribe Now Already a print edition subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. Manage your account settings.My Account View the E-Newspaper Manage your Newsletters View your Insider deals and more Member ID Card Chat Support Chat Support Log Out Get the newsLog In or Subscribe to skip Already a subscriber?Log in Subscribe today for full access on your desktop, tablet, and mobile device.Subscribe Now Already a subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. Share This Story! Let friends in your social network know what you are reading about FacebookEmailTwitterGoogle+LinkedInPinterest Flat close not without excitement Total nonfarm payroll expansion amounted to 98,000. Post to Facebook Flat close not without excitement Total nonfarm payroll expansion amounted to 98,000.  Check out this story on Freep.com: http://on.freep.com/2oOzEGj {# #} CancelSend Sent! A link has been sent to your friend's email address. Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. Join the Conversation To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs Flat close not without excitement Jason Shubnell 12:06 a.m. ET April 9, 2017 The missile launch on Syria on Thursday caused severe volatility in the markets. (Photo: BRYAN R. SMITH/AFP/Getty Images) CONNECTTWEETLINKEDINCOMMENTEMAILMORE The markets closed the week mostly flat, although not without some excitement. After two consecutive months of better-than-expected payroll growth, with January and February beating estimates by a combined 87,000 jobs, the U.S. suffered a significant miss in its March employment figures. According to the Bureau of Labor Statistics establishment survey, total nonfarm payroll expansion amounted to 98,000 — slightly more than half of the forecasted 180,000. The figure represented a 55% drop from February’s 219,000 gain. Despite the overall miss in jobs growth, the report wasn’t entirely dreary. The unemployment rate fell 0.2% to a 10-year low of 4.5%, beating estimates and the previously calculated rate of 4.7%. TD Ameritrade Chief Market Strategist JJ Kinahan thinks the March number seemed like one the market just wanted to “get out of the way” ahead of several other catalysts. Syria “We have the situation with Syria, we have Congress on a two-week break. We know this number probably won’t influence rates one way or the other, so let’s get it out of the way and wait for earnings season next week,” he said. The missile launch on Syria on Thursday night caused severe volatility in the overall markets, although it subsided throughout Friday’s session. Syria’s oil production on the global stage is pretty insignificant, but oil investors are on edge as to what impacts this will pose for the entire oil-rich Middle East region. GasBuddy’s senior petroleum analyst Patrick DeHaan said oil prices “hate turmoil,” but it’s too early to understand how severe or how long the impact on oil prices will last. Earnings season Q1 earnings expectations for the financial sector are high. According to FactSet Research, earnings are expected to grow at 14.8% year-over-year in Q1, the highest earnings growth projection across all 11 sectors. Wells Fargo, JPMorgan Chase and Citigroup are on tap later this week as the Q1 earnings season kicks off. Benzinga is a financial media outlet and a content partner of the Detroit Free Press. Get real-time, actionable investment advice at Benzinga.com. Elizabeth Balboa contributed to this report. CONNECTTWEETLINKEDINCOMMENTEMAILMORE Read or Share this story: http://on.freep.com/2oOzEGj
