SUBSCRIBE NOWto get home delivery News Sports Life Money Tech Travel Opinion Weather Icon Humidity Precip. Winds Open settings Settings Enter City, State or Zip Cancel Set Close settingsFull Forecast Crosswords Washington Video Stocks Apps Best-Selling Books Classifieds College Corrections Interactives Newsletters Photo Galleries Scores Newsstand Audio Investigations Policing the USA More News Sports Life Money Tech Travel Opinion Weather Crosswords Washington Video Stocks Apps Best-Selling Books Classifieds College Corrections Interactives Newsletters Photo Galleries Scores Newsstand Audio Investigations Policing the USA Lightpost Search Firefly Hi Already a subscriber?Sign In Subscribe to USA TODAYSubscribe Now Already a print edition subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. Manage your account settings.My Account Log Out Get the newsLog In or Subscribe to skip Sign in with FacebookSign in with GoogleSign in FAQ 12623 11 Share This Story! Let friends in your social network know what you are reading about FacebookEmailTwitterGoogle+LinkedInPinterest JPMorgan paid dozens of women less than men: lawsuit Application developers and project managers got a paycheck discount, Labor Dept. charges Post to Facebook JPMorgan paid dozens of women less than men: lawsuit Application developers and project managers got a paycheck discount, Labor Dept. charges  Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/2k1zPrd {# #} CancelSend Sent! A link has been sent to your friend's email address. Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. Join the Nation's Conversation To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs JPMorgan paid dozens of women less than men: lawsuit Laura Mandaro , USA TODAY Network Published 6:33 p.m. ET Jan. 18, 2017 | Updated 7:16 p.m. ET Jan. 18, 2017 A JPMorgan Chase office in New York City. (Photo: 2012 photo by Spencer Platt, Getty Images) 12623 CONNECTTWEET 11 LINKEDINCOMMENTEMAILMORE JPMorgan Chase paid female employees less than their male counterparts, according to a Labor Department lawsuit filed Wednesday that seeks to halt new federal contracts with the massive bank until it compensates the women. Since at least May 2012, JPMorgan paid at least 93 women employed as lead application developers, project managers and technology directors in its Investment Bank, Technology & Market Strategies unit less than comparable men employed in the same positions, said the suit. The complaint says JPMorgan failed to make sure the compensation systems for these employees was fair. The agency's Office of Federal Contract Compliance Programs (OFCCP) also seeks relief for the female workers, including lost pay and salary adjustments. The bank, in a statement, said it is committed to diversity in the workplace and that it tried to work with the Justice Department to resolve the matter. While it says it is disappointed OFCCP chose to file the suit, "we look forward to presenting our evidence to a neutral decision maker.” As a federal contractor, it's illegal for JPMorgan Chase to discriminate in employment because of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability or veteran status. USA TODAY Oracle sued by Labor Department for paying white men more The suit came on the same day J.P. Morgan agreed to a $55 million settlement with the government over allegations that it discriminated against "thousands" of African American and Hispanic mortgage borrowers. The bank's independent brokers charged minority borrowers higher mortgage interest rates and fees compared to "similarly situated white borrowers," said the government lawsuit filed in New York federal court. The two suits take some shine from recent accolades received by the bank for its diversity efforts. CEO Jamie Dimon has said maintaining a diversity and inclusive workplace "is not only the smart thing to do — it's the right thing to do." 12623 CONNECTTWEET 11 LINKEDINCOMMENTEMAILMORE Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/2k1zPrd NEVER MISS OUT Managing Your Money Master your money with the latest business and investment news, articles and tips from financial experts each Friday. Privacy Notice THANKS FOR SIGNING UP FOR THE Managing Your Money NEWSLETTER We're sorry. something went wrong. Please try again soon, or contact Customer Service at 1-800-872-0001Sign up for more Newsletters
Fox News Fox Business Fox News Go Fox News Radio Fox Nation Fox News Insider Fox News U.S. Expand/Collapse Search Home Video Politics U.S. Opinion Business Entertainment Tech Science Health Travel Lifestyle World On Air U.S. Home Crime Terrorism Economy Immigration Disasters Military Education Environment Personal Freedoms Regions Jobs Labor Department sues JPMorgan over sexual discrimination Published January 18, 2017 Associated Press Facebook0 Twitter0 Email Print A view of the exterior of the JP Morgan Chase & Co. corporate headquarters in New York City May 20, 2015. REUTERS/Mike Segar/Files - RTSS8RV The Department of Labor is suing JPMorgan Chase & Co. for discriminating against female workers. The federal agency said Wednesday that its review found that at least 93 female workers in an investment-bank division earned less than comparable men in the same jobs since at least May 2012. The Labor Department said it filed its complaint after it was unable to get JPMorgan to voluntarily make changes. Its lawsuit seeks to make the New York bank comply with regulations, prohibit further discrimination and give the affected workers lost pay, benefits and interest. JPMorgan said it tried to work with the agency and was disappointed that it filed the complaint. "JPMorgan is committed to diversity in the workplace," the company said. Advertisement Site Index Sections Home Video Politics U.S. Opinion Entertainment Tech Science Health Travel Lifestyle World Sports Weather On Air Tools Live Video Trending Newsletters Alerts Blogs Mobile Podcasts Radio Apps & Downloads About Careers College Students Fox Around the World Advertise With Us New Terms of Use (What's New) New Privacy Policy Ad Choices Contact Us Email Newsroom FAQ Media Relations Follow Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn RSS Newsletters Fox News Back to Top This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. ©2017 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved. All market data delayed 20 minutes. New Privacy - New Terms of Use (What's New) - FAQ
X Edition: United States Business Business Home Legal Deals Aerospace & Defense Finance Autos Reuters Summits ADventures Data Dive Markets Markets Home U.S. Markets European Markets Asian Markets Global Market Data Indices Stocks Bonds Currencies Commodities Futures Funds Earnings Dividends World World Home U.S. Special Reports Reuters Investigates Euro Zone Middle East China Japan Mexico Brazil Africa Russia India Politics Politics Home Polling Explorer Just In: Election 2016 What Voters Want Supreme Court Tech Technology Home Science Top 100 Global Innovators Media Environment Innovation Commentary Commentary Home Podcasts Breakingviews Breakingviews Home Breakingviews Video Money Money Home Retirement Lipper Awards Analyst Research Stock Screener Fund Screener Life Health Sports Arts Entertainment Oddly Enough Pictures Pictures Home The Wider Image Photographers Focus 360 Video BRIEF-JPMorgan Chase says Todd Combs appointed to risk policy committee Africa América Latina عربي Argentina Brasil Canada 中国 Deutschland España France India Italia 日本 México РОССИЯ United Kingdom United States Market News | Wed Jan 18, 2017 | 5:03pm EST BRIEF-JPMorgan Chase says Todd Combs appointed to risk policy committee Jan 18 JPMorgan Chase & Co * JPMorgan Chase - board approved appointment, effective march 20, 2017, of Todd Combs to its risk policy committee and to its public responsibility committee * JPMorgan Chase - Todd Combs will replace Timothy Flynn on risk policy committee and Linda Bammann on public responsibility committee * JPMorgan Chase -Linda Bammann will become chair of risk policy committee; James Bell will become chair of audit committee; Timothy Flynn will join audit committee Source text - bit.ly/2k5ar7Z Further company coverage: Next In Market News UPDATE 1-Boeing machinists in S. Carolina to vote in February on unionizing SEATTLE, Jan 27 Boeing Co and its largest union said on Friday they had agreed on a February date for a union vote at Boeing's jetliner factory in South Carolina, setting up what is likely to be a fresh battle between the union and the world's biggest plane maker. FBI request for Twitter account data may have overstepped legal guidelines WASHINGTON, Jan 27 The FBI appeared to go beyond the scope of existing legal guidance in seeking certain kinds of internet records from Twitter as recently as last year, legal experts said, citing two warrantless surveillance orders the social media company published on Friday. Boeing, machinists set February date for S. Carolina union vote SEATTLE, Jan 27 Boeing Co and its largest union said on Friday they had agreed on a February date for a union vote at Boeing's jetliner factory in South Carolina, setting up what is likely to be a fresh battle between the union and the world's biggest plane maker. MORE FROM REUTERS Sponsored Content From Around the Web Promoted by Taboola Trending Stories Pictures Photos of the week Sponsored Topics X Follow Reuters: Follow Us On Twitter Follow Us On Facebook Follow Us On RSS Follow Us On Instagram Follow Us On YouTube Follow Us On LinkedIn Subscribe: Feeds | Newsletters | Podcasts | Apps Reuters News Agency | Brand Attribution Guidelines Reuters is the news and media division of Thomson Reuters. Thomson Reuters is the world's largest international multimedia news agency, providing investing news, world news, business news, technology news, headline news, small business news, news alerts, personal finance, stock market, and mutual funds information available on Reuters.com, video, mobile, and interactive television platforms. Learn more about Thomson Reuters products: Eikon Information, analytics and exclusive news on financial markets - delivered in an intuitive desktop and mobile interface Elektron Everything you need to empower your workflow and enhance your enterprise data management World-Check Screen for heightened risk individual and entities globally to help uncover hidden risks in business relationships and human networks Westlaw Build the strongest argument relying on authoritative content, attorney-editor expertise, and industry defining technology ONESOURCE The most comprehensive solution to manage all your complex and ever-expanding tax and compliance needs CHECKPOINT The industry leader for online information for tax, accounting and finance professionals All quotes delayed a minimum of 15 minutes. See here for a complete list of exchanges and delays. Site Feedback Corrections Advertising Guidelines Cookies Terms of Use Privacy Policy
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad Labor Department sues JPMorgan over sexual discrimination By Associated Press Published: 17:19 EST, 18 January 2017 | Updated: 17:19 EST, 18 January 2017 e-mail NEW YORK (AP) — The Department of Labor is suing JPMorgan Chase & Co. for discriminating against female workers. The federal agency said Wednesday that its review found that at least 93 female workers in an investment-bank division earned less than comparable men in the same jobs since at least May 2012. The Labor Department said it filed its complaint after it was unable to get JPMorgan to voluntarily make changes. Its lawsuit seeks to make the New York bank comply with regulations, prohibit further discrimination and give the affected workers lost pay, benefits and interest. JPMorgan said it tried to work with the agency and was disappointed that it filed the complaint. "JPMorgan is committed to diversity in the workplace," the company said. Share or comment on this article e-mail Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS 'They're getting nasty': Speidi slam Jedward for 'mean' behaviour as they get evicted from Celebrity Big Brother The former Hills stars have got the boot PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Tour of love! Smitten Selena Gomez and The Weeknd can't keep their hands to themselves on romantic trip to Italy Three's a crowd! Charlotte Dawson rocks risqué mini dress as she enjoys date night with beau Matt Sarsfield... and her mother Tracey 'I'm still in shock': Drew Barrymore confesses she's 'not ready' to begin dating...five months after officially divorcing Will Kopelman Bella Hadid looks chic on solo outing in New York... as her ex The Weekend whisks Selena Gomez off to Italy for romantic holiday Shows a brave face Anne Hathaway is movie star chic in all black ensemble with dark shades and bold red lip as she steps out in NYC Ever the A-lister She's clearly a fan! Michelle Rodriguez steps out in a Rolling Stones T-shirt with grey leggings for gym session 'I bet they won't be able to say these things to his face': Katie Price challenges troll who branded disabled son Harvey, 14, a 'c***'... and will take the case to Parliament Is there a CBB baby on the way? Newly evicted Speidi reported to have 'requested a pregnancy test on the show' Housemate 'believed' they are expecting No time for jet lag! Alessandra Ambrosio hits the gym in Victoria's Secret gym gear... just a day after flying from Paris to LA 'What a journey': Michelle Keegan shares glamorous selfies from Tina and Bobby set on Instagram... as the final episode is praised by fans 'He's got depth': Jessica Cunningham gushes about 'charming' Calum Best after they share a sweet smooch before she is evicted from CBB The 'Oh yeah' song from 'Ferris Bueller's Day Off' made its one-hit-wonder writer filthy rich - but he has never even SEEN the movie Made $175million SPOILER ALERT! Wannabe Tanya Lacey attempts to wow the judges with a performance of a Whitney Houston song on The Voice 'It stems from insecurities in her own marriage': Danielle Lloyd takes ANOTHER swipe at Nicola McLean as she calls her behaviour in the CBB house 'really sad' 'I was never cool but I'm having the last laugh': Donny Osmond tells how he resisted drugs, booze and the temptations of Sin City - but not Botox and hair dye Bad hair day! Paula Patton has trouble with her locks after bombshell allegations about Robin Thicke having an affair as she fights for sole custody  CBB's James Jordan takes aims at Bianca Gascoigne and Jamie O'Hara's 'showmance' on Twitter while Jessica Cunningham remains tight-lipped  She's clearly a fan! Michelle Rodriguez steps out in a Rolling Stones T-shirt with grey leggings for gym session Oh Balls! Former MP Ed gets kicked in the FACE onstage by partner Katya Jones during Strictly tour performance in Sheffield Are roo thirsty? Wine-drinking kangaroo stars alongside bikini-clad model Ellie Gonsalves in $5MILLION Super Bowl ad for Australian wine SEBASTIAN SHAKESPEARE: Age-defying Elizabeth Hurley poses for favourite photographer, son Damian, 14, in a £152 blue crystal bikini 'Isn't it the most beautiful thing you've ever seen': Shirtless Jason Dundas hits the Bronte Beach rockpool after flying in from L.A. for David Jones show 'Can't wait for Bali': Bikini-clad Skye Wheatley flaunts pert derrière and MAJOR sideboob as she stands provocatively under a shower 'I was breastfeeding in the interviews': Teresa Palmer praises film industry for being 'so accommodating' as she returns to work just weeks after giving birth  Turning the tables! Sofia Richie rocks pink jacket as she practises photography skills while out and about in LA Took a turn at the other end of the camera  Fragile Megan McKenna lashes out at trolls on Twitter after sharing sultry snaps... following her very public NTAs row with TOWIE beau Pete Wicks It's Freaky Friday! Lindsay Lohan meets with Turkish President Erdogan, his wife and a Syrian girl blogger to discuss 'efforts in helping refugees' Buxom Pamela Anderson,49, rolls back the years as she shows off her famous cleavage in plunging party dress at Paris bash 'It gets so much worse': RHOA's Kandi Burruss hits back at co-star Porsha Williams over threesome and lesbian rumours  'Drinking a lot of beer and eating a lot of cheeseburgers': Matthew McConaughey talks weight gain for new role as he transforms his body AGAIN  Revealed: Carrie Fisher wanted ex-lover and long-time friend Harrison Ford to sing Melancholy Wookiee at her Oscars tribute Great sense of humour Riddle of the ring! Eva Mendes steps out wearing an impressive piece of bling after claims she and Ryan Gosling have secretly wed Stylish jet setter Amal Clooney wears baggy jumper as she touches down in LA in with George amid baby rumours Australia Day USA! Hunky Australian chef Curtis Stone drops by Hollywood Today Live to promote American series of My Kitchen Rules David Foster rejected offer to perform at President Trump's inauguration after taking heat from new girlfriend Christie Brinkley for considering the invite 'See you in one week': Ariana Grande shares sultry mirror selfie to plug upcoming Dangerous Woman tour Posed for a black-and-white mirror selfie Bikini babe Kourtney Kardashian flaunts killer figure in tiny white two-piece as she enjoys family getaway in Costa Rica  Lily Collins flashes her six-pack abs in an exercise bra and low-rise leggings as she leaves gym Spotted after a strenuous work out in Beverly Hills Scott Disick wheedles his way back into the Kardashian clan to join Kourtney in Costa Rica... and posts a saucy snap of her online Home, sweet home! Jon Hamm steps out in sweats to grab an icy drink with a female companion in LA after his latest film premieres at Sundance  Looking booty-ful! Kylie Jenner shows off her bikini body as she poses in the mirror on family trip to Costa Rica It's certainly not the usual family-friendly activity. TOWIE's Kate Wright confirms she is not jetting to Tenerife to film start of the new series... amid rumours of her romance with footballer Rio Ferdinand She's beautiful she even gets prisoners freed from Death Row - and she's engaged! She's the trainee lawyer played by Harry's girl Meghan Markle in Suits Paula Patton claims she found husband Robin Thicke naked in bed with two women, details how he abused her and says he even invited his DRUG DEALER to their son's birthday Former X Factor finalist Lucie Jones breaks down in tears of joy as she's picked to represent the United Kingdom at Eurovision 2017 PICTURED: Selena Gomez and The Weeknd caught holding hands on romantic date at arcade Sometimes playing games is good for a new relationship Fit for a king (or queen)! Pregnant Cheryl and Liam Payne get baby delivery from the Royal Family's favourite pram company Baby's coming soon... PICTURED: Distraught Megan McKenna leaves the NTAs in floods of tears after explosive row with TOWIE boyfriend Pete Wicks Floods of tears Bianca Gascoigne's boyfriend CJ Meeks is left heartbroken as he reads about his love's steamy CBB antics with Jamie O'Hara on MailOnline Model life! Elsa Hosk flashes her bikini body as she poses up a storm at the beach... and posts it all on Instagram Looking hotter than ever in a sultry swimsuit. Red hot Jenna Dewan Tatum shares behind the scenes footage from her dressing room on Snapchat Not easy getting red carpet ready  'This a** is all real!': Brielle Biermann fiercely defends alleged plastic surgery rumours on her shapely rear Vented her frustrations during a Snapchat video Gigi Hadid flashes a hint of cleavage in a perilously thin polo shirt as she showcases her sartorial swagger in a chic ensemble in New York  Ant & Dec are joined by supportive wives Lisa Armstrong and Ali Astall as they receive their OBEs for services to television at Buckingham Palace Bianca Gascoigne sets pulses racing as she flaunts her eye-popping cleavage and sensational curves in skimpy swimwear for calendar shoot Made In Chelsea's Binky Felstead hides her growing baby bump in saucy thigh-grazing camouflage T-shirt from her collection, exhibiting her slender legs 'Her links with Sue made it easy': Anna Richardson 'turned down role on Great British Bake Off over show favourite and girlfriend Perkins' SPOILER ALERT: Corrie's Steve McDonald races to the registry office as Leanne Battersby fills in their baby's birth certificate... but will he be listed as the father? 'Not long to go now little angel': Rachael Finch cradles bare baby bump and reveals two boys names have been chosen as due date nears SEBASTIAN SHAKESPEARE: I plotted to behead Duke of Manchester, says Australian model ex-wife in extraordinary disclosure  PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Make-up free Perrie Edwards looks glum as she takes dog Hatchi for a walk... amid rumours of a split with Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain 'You can only fall out with someone you love': Ewan McGregor looks back at his bitter 17-year dispute with T2 Trainspotting director Danny Boyle  'I had let myself go due to personal circumstances': Drew Barrymore admits she lost 20lbs for her new show after split from Will Kopelman She DOES eat crisps! Gwyneth Paltrow reveals her immaculately organised pantry containing some surprisingly normal snacks (including Kettle Chips and popcorn) 39 weeks and counting! Jessa Duggar shares side-by-side baby bump comparison in second pregnancy Due to deliver her second child in weeks  'My angel in heaven': Bobby Brown pays tribute to his late daughter Bobbi Kristina in a bomber jacket with her image on the back 'He's a pathological liar!' Richard Keys' wife blasts the ex-Sky pundit as he renews his affair with their daughter's 27-year-old lawyer friend with trysts at five-star hotel  REVEALED: Photographer Kendall Jenner takes a turn behind the lens as she shoots stunning image of Kaia Gerber, 15, for cover of Love magazine 'G'day from the Philippines!' Miss Universe hopeful Caris Tiivel flashes a hint of thigh in skimpy lace nightgown as she prepares for beauty pageant 'I was called a s***!' Charlotte McKinney reveals her bullying torment over large breasts... and why she is even considering a reduction 'There was no plan, I just lived like him': Matthew McConaughey reveals it took him SIX months of excess to put on more than THREE STONE for new film Gold Aloha! Mother-of-one Amber Rose showcases her eye-popping curves in tiny bikini while relaxing in Hawaii hotel  Shearling delight! Bethenny Frankel bundles up in sheepskin with her daughter Bryn Gone from being Nicky Hilton's nanny to a  Real Housewife  Amanda Warren set to guest star on This Is Us after signing up to play William Hill's mother Show focused on fight with cancer. Joanna Krupa wins permission to 'dig into Brandi Glanville's finances'... after she's ordered to share gynecological records in 'smelly' defamation case Make-up free Melissa McCarthy bundles up on set of her latest film project Can You Ever Forgive Me? in New York City This funny lady is back Somebody Alp me! Josie Gibson takes ANOTHER tumble on the ski slopes as she continues to train for injury-ridden series The Jump Sex J-Education: CBB's Jedward shock housemates by talking about having sex on the kitchen table and teach Jamie O'Hara how to put a condom on a banana 'I didn't show him my picture for FIVE months': Ex EastEnders star Cheryl Fergison, 51, reveals she hid her identity from now husband Yassine, 30 Rihanna shows her humble side as she meets school pupils on Malawi charity trip Visit follows reports Madonna is to adopt in the country Carrie on Homeland: Claire Danes on why the show is good for her marriage and how her neighbourhood book club keeps her sane Life's just peachy! Rebecca Ferguson is the picture of elegance in pastel dress and coat as she promotes her new album in Liverpool Showing Aaron what he's missing! Lauren Pope flaunts her fabulous figure in black lingerie... after split from Geordie Shore star A sultry selfie  'I chose velvet knickerbockers over a suit!' David Beckham discusses his flamboyant fashion history in Desert Island Discs special In bed with Lea Michele! Star strips NAKED to slip between the sheets for latest racy Instagram snap Shared a raunchy photo of herself in bed Meet Lara Croft's dad! Dominic West signs on to play Lord Richard in Tomb Raider reboot starring Alicia Vikander The Affair star has signed on to film He's ripped! Joe Jonas endured 16 weeks of intense pro-athlete training to achieve defined abs and muscles Bam! Pow! Iconic Batman Returns costume worn by Michael Keaton sells at auction for $41,250 The black rubber bat suit stands at 6'5" tall 'Job hazard': Chrissy Teigen shares photograph of her legs covered in bruises... after getting injured while dancing Sore knees 'Zayn's asleep!': Taylor Swift complains about her very early start in behind the scenes peek on I Don't Wanna Live Forever video set 'A day with him and I get so tired my eyes start to itch!' Chloe Madeley on England rugby player beau James Haskell 'pushing himself too hard' 'First day of school v prom!' Taylor Swift fans go wild for sultry new look in I Don't Wanna Live Forever with Zayn Malik At her sexiest 'I'm alive... and I feel great!' Lamar Odom on life after rehab and his brush with death  The 37-year-old has been keeping busy since coming out of the facility The name's Ratajkowski... Lisa Ratajkowski! Big Brother star Appleton emulates DKNY model Emily as she walks her dog in bra and knickers 'You never really leave': Sherlock's Amanda Abbington hints return to the show opposite ex Martin Freeman is possible... despite being killed off Now that's a statement piece! Natalie Portman carries 'Make America Read Again' tote after calling out President Donald Trump at LA Women's March 'Shove it in your mouth!' Jamie O'Hara thrusts a cream-filled scone into Bianca Gascoigne's face as they clash in latest CBB challenge 'It's a wonderful thing to have closure': Uma Thurman wins primary custody of her daughter after a bitter legal battle with financier ex Arpad Busson Tamara Ecclestone displays her long legs in thigh-high boots and chic dress as she goes hand-in-hand with daughter Sophia Mummy-daughter day PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Is this the new line-up for C4's Great British Bake Off? Michel Roux Jr joins Paul Hollywood and even a Mary Berry lookalike at 'screen test' It's Ant OR Dec! Cheeky television presenters swap places for the first time during photo opportunity after being awarded OBEs This feels weird Elizabeth Hurley, 51, parades her incredible bikini body in TINY string two-piece as she holidays in India with son Damian, 14 Sexy Instagram snap  Good Morning America host Lara Spencer heats things up in primetime as she breaks for MULTIPLE makeout sessions during three-hour dinner date The Muse! Sharon Stone, 58, relaxes in her bikini as she paints watercolours in the pool while on 'retreat' She's inspired many over the year, too 'She made me re-evaluate how I see life': Russell Brand rocks grungy leather trousers for The One Show... as he gushes about his two-month-old daughter Mabel Multi-tasking mamma! Jennifer Garner catches up on calls as she juggles her bags after a busy school run in Los Angeles 'We're NOT engaged': GBBO winner Candice Brown denies her convicted drug dealer boyfriend has proposed but says they will definitely marry There's no hiding it now! Zooey Deschanel shows off her baby bump on set of New Girl despite being yet to confirm she is expecting her second child 'Blondes Rule!' Paris Hilton posts a nostalgic throwback picture with old pal Britney Spears It's a flashback of two iconic beauties!  Just a pair of ordinary teens! Rocco Ritchie and girlfriend Kim Turnbull look in good spirits as they join tube-goers for London rush-hour commute 'Slow down, you're drunk': CBB's Nicola McLean scolds Bianca Gascoigne after she puts on a very steamy display with Jamie O'Hara  Kelly Brook flashes her ample cleavage in colourful plunging leotard as she poses for busty calendar shot She commanded attention Lady Victoria Hervey puts on an eye-popping display as she attends pyjama party TOPLESS... covering her modesty in nothing but a pair of nipple tassels That made her morning! The Queen flashes a smile as she's greeted by topless men in traditional Fijian grass skirts at an exhibition in Norwich Bad hair day: Nicolas Cage disheveled look reveals his thinning locks at LAX Actor battles with baldness on Thursday Dream team! Celine Dion joins Gwen Stefani as her key adviser for season 12 of The Voice 'There's nobody like Celine. Everybody's going to be so mad ... that I got you.' Portrait of my lady! Evan Ross shows off his sketching skills with wife Ashlee Simpson as his model and muse He can act, sing, and also draw Royally good pals! Princess Eugenie embraces Hollywood star Felicity Jones as they unexpectedly bump into each other while shopping in London 'Backyard bum shots': Bikini-clad Skye Wheatley flaunts her pert derrière as former Big Brother star poses beside busty brunette friend A house to remember! Mandy Moore secretly buys unusual Mid-century modern home on the outskirts of Los Angeles for just under $2.6 million Ouch! Sarah Hyland hobbles around on crutches 'nursing an ankle injury' on set of Modern Family Performing through pain never looked so good.  Our little helpers! Neil Patrick Harris and David Burtka's twins stir up something sweet in the kitchen Something for all the family Rachel Weisz wraps up warm as she shoots scenes in London as Rachel McAdams' lover for new movie Disobedience Remarkably relaxed  'I know what it feels like to be vulnerable': Charlie Webster reflects on her harrowing sexual abuse ordeal as she visits women's refuge for domestic violence  Bikini-clad Danielle Lloyd shows off her curves as she puts her troubles behind her in Dubai... after publicly slamming ex-husband Jamie O'Hara City chic! Bella Hadid shows off her flawless figure in a plunging mini dress as she hits the streets of Manhattan in a fierce new DKNY campaign 'Orlando Bloom is just chilling behind my house... WHAT': Actor's school visit sends teenagers into meltdown  What I go to school for First ladies first? Trump didn't wait for Melania at their car when they arrived at the White House to meet the Obama's... unlike Barack, George and Bill 'She's giving me a headache': Kelly Brook is slammed on Twitter for being too 'loud and hyper' following fashion segment on Lorraine  Didn't go down well Chloe Ferry bounces back from CBB eviction as she hits the town with Geordie Shore gal pals Charlotte Crosby and Sophie Kasaei Back on the toon Goodman gracious three! Ex On The Beach star Chloe oozes sex appeal in plunging red dress as she hits the town with sisters Lauryn and Amelia Fleeing the country? Scott Eastwood enjoys an escape to Fiji after threats of $300 fine for dangerous cliff diving After making headlines for a cliff dive  Rafa's secret weapon! The childhood sweetheart who almost NEVER goes on tour whose support has helped send Nadal to Australian Open Have Perrie Edwards and Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain split already? Little Mix star DELETES her only Instagram snap of the footballer 'Whisper in her ear that it's okay to go': Carl Reiner reveals what he told actress Mary Tyler Moore's husband the day before she died  Time to go Making a splash! Selfie queen Karen Danczuk flaunts her curves in a VERY low cut swimsuit on Spain's Costa Blanca  Former Labour councillor 'I need to do what's best for my family!' Heather Dubrow reveals she's quitting Real Housewives after five seasons She's a TV veteran Mischa Barton taken to hospital for mental evaluation after neighbours found her 'screaming about end of the world and her mum being a witch'  EXCLUSIVE 'I attract toyboys!' Wild Lisa Appleton says she wants to bag a younger man during lively appearance on Lizzie Cundy's radio show Rita Ora falls victim to a gust of wind as she reveals her legs in extreme thigh-split skirt and cow-print fur jacket while leaving recording studio Hugh Jackman isn't perfect - there's video proof! Aussie triple threat hilariously fumbles classic cane twirl with face smacking results Lily Collins rocks casual workout gear as she gets her morning caffeine fix... after revealing she battled an eating disorder as a teen Back to business: Amy Adams puts on a brave face as she runs errands following VERY awkward Oscars snub The actress is still smiling Game, set and perfect match! Rafael Nadal shares a cuddle and passionate kiss with girlfriend Xisca Perello at Melbourne hotel before the tennis Got this covered! Heidi Klum looks lovely in layers as she heads to the on location set of Germany's Next Top Model Wrapping up warm He's got t-issues! Richard Madeley struggles to blow his own nose as he nurses a bandaged arm after shattering his elbow It's a rough time Who needs Kim? Jonathan Cheban enjoys a walk with Kardashian lookalike in London as his BFF heads to Costa Rica with Saint and North The playful Prince! Albert is poked by his adorable two-year-old son as he joins his wife and daughter on the balcony on Saint Devote Day in Monaco It's them or me! Amir Khan's 'paranoid' wife gives boxer a family ultimatum because she can't get over 'Michael Jackson' jibe and fears MORE sex tapes Jennifer Lopez, 47, suffers a wardrobe malfunction as she accidentally flashes her flesh-coloured bra in low-cut white dress at shoe collection launch '21 feels amazing!' AFL WAG Rebecca Judd thanks fans for the 'bday love' as she is gifted with large bouquet of flowers... before bonding with twins Well he is a Saint! Kim Kardashian can't stop kissing her son's cherubic cheeks as they join North onboard jet to Costa Rica... but Kanye isn't there! From slumdog to Hollywood: Incredible rags to riches story of Indian boy, 8, plucked from Mumbai ghetto to star in Nicole Kidman's Lion blockbuster Ex TOWIE star Danielle Armstrong parties with Kate Wright's new love interest Rio Ferdinand as former footballer reopens his Manchester restaurant Racy Kylie Jenner flashes major underboob as she exposes her lace bra and flat stomach in a cropped sweatshirt on night out with Tyga PICTURED: Proof Madonna IS trying to adopt four-year-old twin sisters in Malawi as she is seen leaving court... hours after she denied it  Larry Lamb channels notorious thief Brian Reader in dramatic new trailer for The Hatton Garden Job... based on real-life jewellery heist by ageing gang 'We need a DNA test...' Pregnant Rochelle Humes claims Chris Kamara could be the father of her unborn baby during playful interview  'Of course we're getting married!' GBBO winner Candice Brown's convicted drug dealer boyfriend CONFIRMS wedding plans Robin Thicke 'loses custody' of son Julian as judge issues 'restraining order blocking him from going near his child and ex-wife Paula Patton' Nicole Richie looks stylish in Beetlejuice inspired top and shaggy coat as she supports husband Joel Madden for latest music venture Perfect pair Eamonn Holmes, Davina McCall and Kirstie Allsopp rally behind Gary Lineker who said homework should be BANNED (and calling for a boycott day) Bella Thorne proudly shows off new piercing as she goes braless in tight top after boasting about nipple ring Sure to give a view of the area to her fans 'Baby, baby, I feel crazy': Taylor Swift and Zayn Malik trash luxurious hotel room in sizzling video for I Don't Wanna Live Forever At long last, it's landed Oh yes she (Ha)did! Braless Bella shares racy Instagram snap of her sheer crystal-studded gown from opulent Christian Dior masquerade ball Kourtney's son Reign, 2, sports cute man bun while Kardashian clan leave for Costa Rica (but Scott Disick was uninvited) Doting mom  She's usually flawless! Kris Jenner appeared windswept as hair sticks straight up while boarding private jet to Costa Rica Here comes mama Liza Minnelli digs up mother Judy Garland's remains and has them moved 3,000 miles from New York to Hollywood celebrity cemetery, 48 years after her death  'He's my escape from it all!' Faye Brookes credits boyfriend Gareth Gates following NTA win... as she admits there's extra pressure due to their schedules Playing without the boys! Josephine Skriver shows off her beach volleyball skills as Victoria's Secret models shoot sexy sporty set in Santa Monica 'She can't control her eye': Nicola McLean 'may need emergency corrective surgery after leaving Big Brother house' as new medical woes are revealed  Suddenly shy? Emily Ratajkowski covers up in a tight top and skinny jeans as she enjoys a dinner date at Catch LA  Uncharacteristically covered up Happy family! Mariah Carey's boyfriend Bryan Tanaka bonds with her children as the couple take them to gym class in LA  Seem to be serious 'Total lies': Shane Warne and ex-wife Simone Callahan blast magazine claims their daughter Brooke, 19, is a 'wild girl' who parties too hard She DOES eat crisps! Gwyneth Paltrow reveals her immaculate pantry containing some surprisingly normal snacks (including popcorn and pasta) 'A disgrace': President Trump blasts SNL writer for targeting his son Barron and calls Madonna 'disgusting' for talking about blowing up the White House Ivanka settles into DC life: First Daughter shares charming picture of her children playing at a local park after the family's move to Washington  'What I should've said': Ayda Field shares funny NTAs debrief video with husband Robbie Williams... after her awkward presenting moment fell flat Out and a pout! Katie Price displays alarmingly fuller lips just one day after demure NTAs appearance... before she's slapped with a parking ticket  Make-up free Kaley Cuoco shows off her natural beauty as she cuts a casual figure in baggy sweatshirt and jeans while enjoying some pamper time  From Page 3 girl to grown-up glamour: How Kelly Brook's astonishing wardrobe transformation has earned her an unlikely gig as a fashion editor Anna Wintour heads to Dolce & Gabbana show in Milan... amid claims feud with Alexandra Shulman could be to blame for her stepping down from British Vogue Paula Patton cast as protective mom in ABC summer series amid ongoing custody war with Robin Thicke ABC thriller called Somewhere Between 'We're completely in love!' Delighted Alex Jones, 39, reveals she's given birth to a baby boy as she announces the news live on The One Show 'They look like great tits!' Kate Garraway has to apologise to viewers after Ben Shephard gets naughty talking about 'chasing birds' on Good Morning Britain Glum Megan McKenna appears downcast during solo outing... just hours after 'she was left hysterical amid furious row with beau Pete Wicks at NTAs' Whitney survives the Walford bus crash and soon feels well enough to snog her father-in-law Mick (Danny Dyer) in EastEnders, by Jim Shelley  Kim Kardashian starts new trend as she shows off PIERCED nails (but it's only for the truly pampered) Not for everyone  'I can do whatever the fig I like!' Nadia Sawalha defends her actions after she was caught on camera swearing about Loose Women losing at NTAs to This Morning 'We went for it!': EastEnders' Emma Barton reveals soap's cast did lift a REAL double decker bus while filming controversial crash scene 'I'll be at the hotel!' Third Williams sister will NOT be going to Venus and Serena's Australian Open final - because she doesn't want to choose a side Seeing double! Rob Kardashian compares baby pictures of himself and daughter Dream on Instagram He's been nothing but adoring  Ben Price QUITS Coronation Street to spend more time with his family after seven years playing Nick Tilsley Hope she isn't fishing for compliments! Christina Milian wears hideous multicoloured gown to seafood restaurant in Los Angeles  Sarah Paulson is a fashionable flyer while touching down at LAX... as girlfriend Holland Taylor calls their relationship 'the most wonderful thing' Janet Jackson spotted out for first time since welcoming son Eissa just weeks ago as she shops at baby boutique in London A galaxy far, far away! Star Wars actor Ben Mendelsohn cast in Netflix film 'The Land of Steady Habits'... after wife Emma Forrest files for divorce 'Why are we on her mind so often?' Paris Jackson hits back at Wendy Williams after chat show host said she did not deserve Rolling Stone cover Is that you, Charlene? Kylie Minogue provides a throwback to Neighbours in retro overall outfit as she starts work on wedding and a name change Nothing casual about it! Gigi Hadid dons a sweat suit with a full face of make-up after  Maybelline photoshoot Heading back to her apartment in NYC Wait for us! Kylie Jenner holds King Cairo's hand as duo sprint to private jet for family trip to Costa Rica Playing stepmum She's a walking advert! Mary Berry totes her new recipe book as she arrives at the Radio 4 studios after taking a swipe at Paul Hollywood  Self-promotion He's got axes to grind! Jason Momoa carries multiple hatchets while heading to chat show in Hollywood Heading to a television appearance She's a beaming bride-to-be! Kate Mara smiles while out with doting fiance Jamie Bell in Beverly Hills Had the look of love on Thursday 'Baby, I'm so proud of you!' Gareth Gates performs an impromptu rap in celebration of girlfriend Faye Brookes' NTA win as they relax in bed together 'Don Draper would be dead': Jon Hamm doesn't think his Mad Men character would be alive today He'd be in his 80s by now Astonishing forgiveness of fallen TV star Rory's wife: She stands by McGrath despite his 14-month harassment of married lover who ended affair 'You talk so much b****cks!': CBB's Nicola McLean unleashes a scathing attack on Jedward as she labels them 'f***ing p***ks' . 'I'm feeling for you': CBB's Jamie O'Hara forgives love-interest Bianca Gascoigne as the pair kiss and make-up... after she lied about being single Ladies who lunch! Cara Santana and Jamie Chung don knit jumpers for meal at WeHo restaurant Have yet to collaborate onscreen Braless Sam Faiers slips into risqué gown to flaunt her perky assets... as she flashes 'PK' phone case in homage to beau Paul Knightley and baby son  Who needs Adrian? Rocky star Sylvester Stallone shows off elegant wife Jennifer Flavin at charity gala He will forever be known for his on-screen love  Oops she did it again! Britney Spears posts sexy lingerie snap just a day after almost breaking the internet by showing off her nether region tattoos Ben Affleck's passion project flop Live By Night results in $75 million loss for Warner Bros The gangster flick has not made a profit Rod Stewart borrows style tips from Only Fools And Horses as he channels Del Boy in shearling coat and flat cap while touching down in NYC Cheeky Anna Friel lauds Paddy McGuinness' hunky physique... as they transform into Rocky characters for new sketch show Bond babe Olga Kurylenko flashes her BARE BREASTS in raunchy caged jumpsuit as she leads sizzling stars at Paris Fashion Week gala dinner So Fancy! Charli XCX goes green in an ab-flashing cropped tee with matching tracksuit bottoms as she shows off her painting skills during radio appearance In the jeans! Julia Roberts keeps it casual in denim as she flashes a big smile with her son Finn, 12, in Malibu The 49-year-old enjoyed a relaxing day  Lottie Moss channels her inner zen at SAME Turkish retreat enjoyed by sister Kate before her infamous easyJet 'basic b***h' meltdown 'I'm good now': Khloe Kardashian helps Jill whose parents died as teen lose 30 pounds on Revenge Body Regained her personality Family business! Bella Hadid and brother Anwar pose up a storm in new Zadig & Voltaire ad campaign Working together for her latest modelling gig 'Practically twins': Beyonce's mom Tina Knowles shares sweet photo collage of super star and lookalike granddaughter Blue Ivy Posted on Instagram All that glitters! Aubrey Plaza wows in thigh-skimming sequined mini as she joins Mary Elizabeth Winstead at Legion premiere Walking the red carpet Dazzling Depp! Lily-Rose, 17, sparkles in a shimmering cropped catsuit as she lends her rising star power to Paris fashion charity bash Still got it! Melanie Griffith shows off taut legs as she steps out in West Hollywood with a male friend A stroll through the neighbourhood  Coldplay star Chris Martin shows off his cycling form as he goes for a ride in revealing shorts in Malibu  It is not every day you see Chris on a bike Another day, ANOTHER soiree! Jet-setter Pixie Lott takes the plunge in stunning black gown as she parties in Paris, 24 hours after NTAs 'I'll miss you Mair': Valerie Harper, 77, takes to Twitter and posts emotional tribute to co-star Mary Tyler Moore To remember her beloved late co-star  Mike Connors of Mannix fame dies aged 91 ONE WEEK after being diagnosed with leukemia His son-in-law Mike confirmed the news Pamela Anderson looks chic in a white playsuit with wide-brimmed hat for Paris sightseeing trip... a day after surprise visit to France's refugees Ashley James continues to flaunt her newly-slimmed down frame as she slips into a tight plunging yellow dress for night out on the town 'I'm a fitness Barbie': Khloe Kardashian displays her toned derriere in tiny bodysuit as she shares behind-the-scenes video from steamy shoot Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
Home   Street Talk   Personal Finance   Economy   Companies   Markets   Investing & Analysis   Insiders   Money Wire   Newsletters Sponsor Men Don’t Need Viagra If you Do This Once Daily - Reverses ED For Good Home | Companies Tags: JPMorgan | discrimination | lawsuit | mortgage JPMorgan Settles Mortgage Discrimination Lawsuit (Dreamstime) Wednesday, 18 Jan 2017 12:48 PM Close  More ways to share... Stumbled LinkedIn Vine Reddit Delicious Newstrust Tell my politician Technocrati Short URL| Email Article| Comment| Contact| Print|     A   A    JPMorgan Chase will pay $55 million to settle federal charges that independent brokers working for the bank discriminated against minorities seeking home mortgages during the housing crisis. While the settlement is not a big financial dent to the giant bank, the cases illustrate the depth of the mortgage quagmire that has trailed the financial sector for a decade. A federal suit filed in Manhattan Wednesday accused JPMorgan Chase & Co. of charging black and Hispanic borrowers higher interest rates and fees for mortgages from 2006 to at least 2009. The lawsuit alleges that discrimination cost at least 53,000 minority borrowers tens of millions in higher interest payments and fees, in violation of the Fair Housing Act. The New York bank denied wrongdoing, but says it's agreed to settle the claims. "We've agreed to settle these legacy allegations that relate to pricing set by independent brokers," said JPMorgan spokeswoman Elizabeth Seymour, adding that the brokers were using a model similar to "a model all the banks had in 2006 to 2009." While JPMorgan said those involved were independent brokers working under contract for the bank, federal prosecutors said that Chase maintained ultimate control and was "directly and extensively involved" in setting up the deals. "Chase could have, but failed, to better monitor its wholesale brokers to discourage discrimination against borrowers based on race or national origin," the lawsuit said.   © Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. Click Here to comment on this article Close  More ways to share... Stumbled LinkedIn Vine Reddit Delicious Newstrust Tell my politician Technocrati Short URL| Email Article| Comment| Contact| Print|     A   A    1Like our page 2Share Share Companies JPMorgan Chase will pay $55 million to settle federal charges that independent brokers working for the bank discriminated against minorities seeking home mortgages during the housing crisis. JPMorgan, discrimination, lawsuit, mortgage 228 Wednesday, 18 Jan 2017 12:48 PM 2017-48-18 Around The Web Powered by Newsmax Join the Newsmax Community Register To Comment Login To Comment Please review Community Guidelines before posting a comment. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. blog comments powered by Disqus   Free Newsmax E-Alerts Email: Country: Zip Code: Privacy: We never share your email.   Mortgage Rates Get Today's Low Rates Widget Request a mortgage or refinance Powered by Take A Look At This Recommended by Newsmax Most Commented Trump to Company Executives: We Think we Can Cut Regulations by 75 Pct Monday, 23 Jan 2017 | 107 comments This is what leadership looks like... Lawsuit: Trump Businesses Violate Constitution Monday, 23 Jan 2017 | 89 comments Waste time and money. Nonsense. This is what RATs will do... Robert Reich: Here's Why I Don't Think So-Called 'Trump Rally' Will Continue Wednesday, 25 Jan 2017 | 44 comments Do not forget mr.REICH is a FABIAN SOCIALIST ,he is like the Clintons!!... Dow Tops 20,000 as Trump Rally Pushes Higher Wednesday, 25 Jan 2017 | 31 comments Be prepared for O'dumbo and his acolytes to claim this all happened... Mexico President Demands North America Stay Free-Trade Zone Tuesday, 24 Jan 2017 | 31 comments :...humane treatment of Mexican migrant workers....and a coordinated and...       To view this video please enable JavaScript, and consider upgrading to a web browser that supports HTML5 video Home   Street Talk   Personal Finance   Economy   Companies   Markets   Investing & Analysis   Insiders   Money Wire   Newsletters Newsmax, Moneynews, Newsmax Health, and Independent. American. are registered trademarks of Newsmax Media, Inc. Newsmax TV, and Newsmax World are trademarks of Newsmax Media, Inc. NEWSMAX.COM MONEYNEWS.COM © Newsmax Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved Contact | Advertise | Shop | RSS | Archives | Links | Privacy Policy | Terms & Conditions
Reuters - Video Edition: US | UK | IN | CN | JP Editors' Picks Entertainment Technology Business Breakingviews World Davos More Videos video Business Wall St slips after soft GDP data, earnings - 01:12 Alexa versus Siri - 01:53 Mexico tariffs could hurt Americans - 01:40 Goldbean's Jane Barratt on the winners and losers of Trump's first week - 03:22 The ups and down of trading with Trump - 01:51 Breakingviews TV: Trump's GDP dilemma - 05:46 Cuba launches exports to U.S. - 01:08 Euro zone leaders talk banking rules, unity - 01:37 U.S. growth slows - 01:22 Abe preps for Trump talks after America's TPP exit - 01:23 JPMorgan sued for alleged mortgage discrimination Thursday, January 19, 2017 - 01:21 The U.S. government sued JPMorgan Chase for discriminating against minority borrowers by charging them higher rates and fees on home mortgage loans. Bobbi Rebell reports. ▲ Hide Transcript ▶ View Transcript The U.S. government is suing JPMorgan Chase for discriminating against minority borrowers. The lawsuit accuses the bank charged them higher rates and fees on home mortgage loans between 2006 and at least 2009. The alleged discrimination involved so-called wholesale loans made through mortgage brokers. The complaint said, Chase allowed them to change rates without giving any reason, and failed to address racial discrimination, encouraging it to continue. Robert Heim of law firm Meyers & Heim says JPMorgan disclosed the investigation in its SEC filling and settled the suit to avoid litigation costs: (SOUNDBITE) ROBERT G. HEIM, ATTORNEY AT LAW, MEYERS & HEIM LLP, (ENGLISH) SAYING: "The terms of the settlement are, as it's typical in this scenario, done without admitting any wrongdoing, but the key part of the settlement is the agreement by JPMorgan to pay $55 million in civil penalties to address the alleged Fair Housing Act violations. So, it's quite significant number. It's meant to deter and to help JPMorgan understand that the DOJ is going to be very aggressive in enforcing this statue." JPMorgan Chase did not immediately respond to requests for comment. The bank got hit with another lawsuit on Wednesday, this time for pay discrimination against women. Press CTRL+C (Windows), CMD+C (Mac), or long-press the URL below on your mobile device to copy the code http://reut.rs/2k4MeyC <iframe class="reuters-vidembed" width="700" height="394" src="http://www.reuters.com/assets/iframe/yovideo?videoId=370944437" allowfullscreen></iframe> Close JPMorgan sued for alleged mortgage discrimination Thursday, January 19, 2017 - 01:21 Top News » Hindus wade into the Ganges for 'no moon day' Fri, 27 Jan, 2017 - (1:00) French, German leaders visit site of Berlin... Fri, 27 Jan, 2017 - (0:54) Putin-Trump phone call to take place Saturday Fri, 27 Jan, 2017 - (1:31) Gambia's president makes a triumphant return... Fri, 27 Jan, 2017 - (1:34) Top level State Dept. officers forced out Fri, 27 Jan, 2017 - (1:12) New challenges facing an old 'special... Fri, 27 Jan, 2017 - (1:48) Trump keen to discuss a TPP alternative with... Fri, 27 Jan, 2017 - (1:14) Mexico Foreign Minister: paying for wall meant... Fri, 27 Jan, 2017 - (1:10) Mexico: Trump's wall tax would cost U.S.... Fri, 27 Jan, 2017 - (1:22) Rough Cuts » Trump signs order for rebuilding of military,... 3:47am IST - (1:25) Mexico has "made us look foolish": Trump 12:24am IST - (1:37) Haley presents credentials to U.N. chief... Fri, 27 Jan, 2017 - (0:43) 'Life is winning again': Pence to... Fri, 27 Jan, 2017 - (1:27) Trump: Brexit "wonderful" for UK 12:16am IST - (1:00) Trump on Putin: "I hope we have a fantastic... 12:06am IST - (2:03) Trump meets with UK's May at White House Fri, 27 Jan, 2017 - (0:38) UK's May arrives at White House Fri, 27 Jan, 2017 - (0:34) Miss Universe's preliminary show starts in... Fri, 27 Jan, 2017 - (1:17) Pro-lifers gather in D.C. to march against... Fri, 27 Jan, 2017 - (0:40) Technology » Car parks could become 'lungs of the city' Fri, 27 Jan, 2017 - (2:11) Scientists see a mind controlled virtual... Thu, 26 Jan, 2017 - (2:26) Snow chains for your car that switch on and... Wed, 25 Jan, 2017 - (1:24) First self-driving bus line opens in Paris Tue, 24 Jan, 2017 - (1:23) Three arrested for Facebook Live 'gang-rape' Tue, 24 Jan, 2017 - (0:51) First self-driving bus line opens in Paris Tue, 24 Jan, 2017 - (1:23) First self-driving bus line opens in Paris Tue, 24 Jan, 2017 - (1:23) The drone that could herald the end of selfie... Tue, 24 Jan, 2017 - (2:03) Wheat grain size boosted by synthetic chemical Mon, 23 Jan, 2017 - (2:16) Understanding your pet's emotions with... Mon, 23 Jan, 2017 - (1:15) Oddly Enough » Meet the priest who's also a powerlifting pro Fri, 27 Jan, 2017 - (0:58) Japan sumo champ Kisenosato honoured at Tokyo... Fri, 27 Jan, 2017 - (0:55) Tycoon brings beauty to Manila amid ugly drug... Fri, 27 Jan, 2017 - (2:01) Indian snake charmers struggle to keep trade... Thu, 26 Jan, 2017 - (1:28) Man bites roommate's ear off over Trump fear Tue, 24 Jan, 2017 - (1:04) Farmers spray milk powder on EU Council to... Mon, 23 Jan, 2017 - (0:52) Spider milking time at the zoo, all to save... Tue, 24 Jan, 2017 - (0:45) Animal tech firm combines fashion with health Mon, 23 Jan, 2017 - (1:37) Flamenco venue celebrates its 60th anniversary Thu, 19 Jan, 2017 - (2:07) China's Silk Road hits London for Lunar New... Thu, 19 Jan, 2017 - (1:15) Entertainment » The red carpet for the Screen Actors Guild... 3:53am IST - (1:13) Iranian actress boycotts Oscars over Trump... Fri, 27 Jan, 2017 - (1:25) Kasabian headline Reading and Leeds festivals Fri, 27 Jan, 2017 - (1:05) Willie Nelson cancels shows due to illness Fri, 27 Jan, 2017 - (0:36) Ryan Gosling and Damien Chazelle bring 'La La... Fri, 27 Jan, 2017 - (1:16) Shia LaBeouf returns to anti-Trump performance... Fri, 27 Jan, 2017 - (1:28) Iconic war movie 'Apocalypse Now' getting its... Fri, 27 Jan, 2017 - (1:10) Madonna says Malawi adoption rumours are... Thu, 26 Jan, 2017 - (0:57) Follow Reuters: Follow Us On Twitter Follow Us On Facebook RSS Follow Us On LinkedIn Subscribe: Newsletters | Apps Reuters News Agency | Brand Attribution Guidelines Reuters is the news and media division of Thomson Reuters. Thomson Reuters is the world's largest international multimedia news agency, providing investing news, world news, business news, technology news, headline news, small business news, news alerts, personal finance, stock market, and mutual funds information available on Reuters.com, video, mobile, and interactive television platforms. Learn more about Thomson Reuters products: Eikon Information, analytics and exclusive news on financial markets - delivered in an intuitive desktop and mobile interface Elektron Everything you need to empower your workflow and enhance your enterprise data management World-Check Screen for heightened risk individual and entities globally to help uncover hidden risks in business relationships and human networks Westlaw Build the strongest argument relying on authoritative content, attorney-editor expertise, and industry defining technology ONESOURCE The most comprehensive solution to manage all your complex and ever-expanding tax and compliance needs CHECKPOINT The industry leader for online information for tax, accounting and finance professionals All quotes delayed a minimum of 15 minutes. See here for a complete list of exchanges and delays. Site Feedback Corrections Advertising Guidelines Cookies Terms of Use Privacy Policy
JPMorgan settles mortgage discrimination lawsuit - WAFB 9 News Baton Rouge, Louisiana News, Weather, Sports Member Center: Create Account| Log In Manage Account| Log Out SITE SEARCHWEB SEARCH BY HOME TRAFFIC MAPS/CAMERAS WBXH-TV Hourly Forecast Information Editorials Contact Us NEWS Health Anchors and Reporters Entertainment News Heart of Louisiana Video Hand It On Crime Stoppers Links Mentioned Investigators Slideshows Power of 9 9News This Morning WEATHER Interactive Radar Hourly Forecast Information Satellite Images Color the Weather Get a Game Plan SPORTS LSU Headlines SU Headlines Saints Headlines SFN Player of the Week Sportsline Friday Nite Pelicans Headlines Traffic Baton Rouge Area Traffic Incidents DOTD Road Closures and Traffic Cameras National Highway Traffic Safety Adminstration Investigators Baton Rouge: Interactive homicide map WAFB wins Murrow Award for Investigative Reporting VIDEO Louisiana Weekend Lagniappe Community Stirrin It Up Recipes About Programming 9News Internships Contact WAFB Anchors and Reporters Contact 9 Closed Captioning WAFB FCC Public File WBXH FCC Public File WAFB EEO File Advertise on the WAFB Network WAFB Jobs Grow Your Business JPMorgan settles mortgage discrimination lawsuit By KEN SWEET and LARRY NEUMEISTER The Associated Press NEW YORK (AP) - JPMorgan Chase will pay $55 million to settle federal charges that independent brokers working for the bank discriminated against minorities seeking home mortgages during the housing crisis. While the settlement is not a big financial dent to the giant bank, the cases illustrate the depth of the mortgage quagmire that has trailed the financial sector for a decade. A federal suit filed in Manhattan Wednesday accused JPMorgan Chase & Co. of charging black and Hispanic borrowers higher interest rates and fees for mortgages from 2006 to at least 2009, causing them to pay an average of an extra thousand dollars. The lawsuit alleges that discrimination cost at least 53,000 minority borrowers tens of millions in higher interest payments and fees, in violation of the Fair Housing Act. The lawsuit said Chase originated about 260,000 wholesale mortgage loans during those years, with 40,000 of the loans going to black applicants and another 66,000 going to Hispanic borrowers. It said the pricing discretion was not based on borrower risk. The New York bank denied wrongdoing and shifted the blame. "We've agreed to settle these legacy allegations that relate to pricing set by independent brokers," said JPMorgan spokeswoman Elizabeth Seymour. "We deny any wrongdoing and remain committed to providing equal access to credit." While JPMorgan said those involved were independent brokers working under contract for the bank, federal prosecutors said that Chase maintained ultimate control and was "directly and extensively involved" in setting up the deals. "Chase could have, but failed, to better monitor its wholesale brokers to discourage discrimination against borrowers based on race or national origin," the lawsuit said. Meanwhile, the Labor Department on Wednesday said it is suing JPMorgan Chase for discriminating against female workers. The agency said that it found that at least 93 female workers in an investment-bank division earned less than comparable men in the same jobs since at least May 2012. JPMorgan said it tried to work with the agency and was disappointed that it filed the complaint. ____ Ken Sweet covers banks and consumer financial issues for The Associated Press. Follow him on Twitter at @kensweet. Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. NationalMore>> Decades-old slaying of Righteous Brothers singer's ex solved Decades-old slaying of Righteous Brothers singer's ex solved Los Angeles County authorities say they've solved the 1976 rape and killing of the ex-wife of Righteous Brothers singer Bill MedleyMore >> Los Angeles County authorities say they've solved the 1976 rape and killing of the ex-wife of Righteous Brothers singer Bill MedleyMore >> 'Perry Mason' actress Barbara Hale dies at 94 'Perry Mason' actress Barbara Hale dies at 94 A family spokeswoman says that Barbara Hale, the actress who played steadfast secretary Della Street on "Perry Mason," has died at the age of 94. Hale appeared in the courtroom drama on CBS from 1957 to 1966 and...More >> A family spokeswoman says that Barbara Hale, who played steadfast secretary Della Street on "Perry Mason," has died at the age of 94More >> A mix of despair and resolve for US Muslims in Trump era A mix of despair and resolve for US Muslims in Trump era Posted: Friday, January 27 2017 9:22 PM EST2017-01-28 02:22:45 GMT Updated: Friday, January 27 2017 9:22 PM EST2017-01-28 02:22:45 GMT American Muslims are vowing to be resilient as they confront President Donald Trump's agendaMore >> American Muslims are vowing to be resilient as they confront President Donald Trump's agendaMore >> Prosecutors won't pursue misconduct charge against Christie Prosecutors won't pursue misconduct charge against Christie New Jersey prosecutors say they will not pursue a criminal misconduct case against Republican Gov. Chris Christie in the George Washington Bridge lane-closing scandalMore >> New Jersey prosecutors say they will not pursue a criminal misconduct case against Republican Gov. Chris Christie in the George Washington Bridge lane-closing scandalMore >> Chicago police chief discloses he needs kidney transplant Chicago police chief discloses he needs kidney transplant Chicago Police Superintendent Eddie Johnson became ill and waivered on his feet during a news conference Friday morningMore >> Chicago Police Superintendent Eddie Johnson says he is on a waiting list for a kidney transplant because of a condition he has been dealing with for 32 yearsMore >>    AP National News VideoMore>> Trump, May affirm special relationship between US, UK Trump, May affirm special relationship between US, UK President Donald Trump and British Prime Minister Theresa May appeared chummy as they faced a curious world together for the first time, pledging allegiance to the special relationship between their countries while trying to paper over stark differences. More >> President Donald Trump and British Prime Minister Theresa May appeared chummy as they faced a curious world together for the first time, pledging allegiance to the special relationship between their countries while trying to paper over stark differences.More >> Scientists move Doomsday Clock 30 seconds closer to midnight Scientists move Doomsday Clock 30 seconds closer to midnight The Bulletin of the Atomic Scientists says President Donald Trump's comments on nuclear weapons and climate change factored in to its decision to move the Doomsday Clock 30 seconds closer to midnight. More >> The Bulletin of the Atomic Scientists says President Donald Trump's comments on nuclear weapons and climate change factored in to its decision to move the Doomsday Clock 30 seconds closer to midnight.More >> Trump proposes big tax, triggering fight with Mexico Trump proposes big tax, triggering fight with Mexico President Donald Trump triggered a diplomatic clash and fresh fight over trade Thursday as the White House proposed a 20 percent tax on imports from Mexico and Mexican President Enrique Pena Nieto abruptly scrapped next week's trip to Washington More >> President Donald Trump triggered a diplomatic clash and fresh fight over trade Thursday as the White House proposed a 20 percent tax on imports from Mexico and Mexican President Enrique Pena Nieto abruptly scrapped next week's trip to WashingtonMore >> Spokesman says Trump seeks 20 percent tax on Mexican imports Spokesman says Trump seeks 20 percent tax on Mexican imports Sean Spicer says the President is currently planning on implementing an import tax on Mexico to pay for border wall. More >> Sean Spicer says the President is currently planning on implementing an import tax on Mexico to pay for border wall. More >> Pence hints at SCOTUS nominee Pence hints at SCOTUS nominee Vice-President Mike Pence says President Trump will nominate someone in the "tradition of" Scalia.  More >> Vice-President Mike Pence says President Trump will nominate someone in the "tradition of" Scalia. More >> Trump to GOP lawmakers: 'Our chance to achieve great change' Trump to GOP lawmakers: 'Our chance to achieve great change' President Donald Trump called on fellow Republicans to help him enact "great and lasting change" during a party retreat Thursday, but offered the lawmakers few details about his views on key issues including tax reform and health care More >> President Donald Trump called on fellow Republicans to help him enact "great and lasting change" during a party retreat Thursday, but offered the lawmakers few details about his views on key issues including tax reform and health careMore >> Trump to GOP lawmakers: 'Our chance to achieve great change' Trump to GOP lawmakers: 'Our chance to achieve great change' President Donald Trump called on fellow Republicans to help him enact "great and lasting change" during a party retreat Thursday, but offered the lawmakers few details about his views on key issues including tax reform and health care More >> President Donald Trump called on fellow Republicans to help him enact "great and lasting change" during a party retreat Thursday, but offered the lawmakers few details about his views on key issues including tax reform and health careMore >> Trump to address GOP House, Senate members at retreat Trump to address GOP House, Senate members at retreat President Donald Trump on Thursday rallied fellow Republicans who control the White House and Congress for the first time in nearly a decade, telling lawmakers they will be busier than they have been in decades helping him implement a broad agenda More >> President Donald Trump on Thursday rallied fellow Republicans who control the White House and Congress for the first time in nearly a decade, telling lawmakers they will be busier than they have been in decades helping him implement a broad agendaMore >> Trump to address GOP House, Senate members at retreat Trump to address GOP House, Senate members at retreat President Donald Trump is making his first appearance before Republican House and Senate members since taking office to address lawmakers at their annual policy retreat More >> President Donald Trump is making his first appearance before Republican House and Senate members since taking office to address lawmakers at their annual policy retreatMore >> Workers, strivers, huddled masses: Immigration in America Workers, strivers, huddled masses: Immigration in America Immigration to the United States has come in swells and dips over the past two-plus centuries, driven by shifts in U.S. policy, the mood in the country and world events More >> Immigration to the United States has come in swells and dips over the past two-plus centuries, driven by shifts in U.S. policy, the mood in the country and world eventsMore >>    Can't Find Something? 844 Government Street Baton Rouge, LA 70802 (225) 383-9999 WAFB FCC Public File WBXH FCC Public File publicfile@wafb.com (225) 215-4703 EEO Report Closed Captioning Texas News Now All content © Copyright 2000 - 2017 Raycom Media. All Rights Reserved. For more information on this site, please read our Privacy Policy, and Terms of Service, and Ad Choices.
Home About/Contact US Privacy Policy Staff Daily Email Updates Headlines Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Investing Investors Bancorp Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Investors Bancorp Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Recent Posts National Asset Management Inc. Sells 2 Shares of Apple Hospitality REIT, Inc. (APLE) Bemis Company, Inc. (BMS) Shares Bought by National Asset Management Inc. Panagora Asset Management Inc. Reduces Stake in Everest Re Group, Ltd. (RE) Panagora Asset Management Inc. Buys 12,475 Shares of Reliance Steel & Aluminum Co. (RS) Panagora Asset Management Inc. Acquires 186,494 Shares of American Express Company (AXP) CBS Corporation (CBS) Position Increased by Capital International Sarl Fuller & Thaler Asset Management Inc. Lowers Position in ADTRAN, Inc. (ADTN) Energizer Holdings, Inc. (ENR) Stake Lowered by Fuller & Thaler Asset Management Inc. TPG Group Holdings SBS Advisors Inc. Sells 716,539 Shares of Verint Systems Inc. (VRNT) Blackstone Group L.P. Invests $9,189,000 in Brunswick Corporation (BC) Gamestop Corporation (GME) Stake Cut by National Asset Management Inc. Blackstone Group L.P. Sells 11,441 Shares of W.R. Grace & Co. (GRA) Fuller & Thaler Asset Management Inc. Has $52,380,000 Position in Artisan Partners Asset Management Inc. (APAM) Highbridge Capital Management LLC Boosts Stake in United Therapeutics Corporation (UTHR) Coca-Cola European Partners PLC (CCE) Shares Sold by Highbridge Capital Management LLC Highbridge Capital Management LLC Sells 45,230 Shares of DISH Network Corporation (DISH) Highbridge Capital Management LLC Boosts Stake in Brink’s Company (The) (BCO) Moors & Cabot Inc. Sells 2,391 Shares of Mplx Lp (MPLX) General Mills, Inc. (GIS) Shares Bought by Moors & Cabot Inc. Moors & Cabot Inc. Has $1,034,000 Stake in National Oilwell Varco, Inc. (NOV) Citadel Advisors LLC Has $2,671,000 Stake in Investors Bancorp, Inc. (ISBC) Posted by Abby Graham on Jan 18th, 2017 // No Comments Tweet Citadel Advisors LLC boosted its position in shares of Investors Bancorp, Inc. (NASDAQ:ISBC) by 238.4% during the third quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The fund owned 222,383 shares of the company’s stock after buying an additional 156,668 shares during the period. Citadel Advisors LLC’s holdings in Investors Bancorp were worth $2,671,000 as of its most recent SEC filing. A number of other hedge funds and other institutional investors have also recently added to or reduced their stakes in ISBC. RDL Financial Inc. bought a new stake in Investors Bancorp during the second quarter worth approximately $361,000. JPMorgan Chase & Co. boosted its stake in Investors Bancorp by 183.6% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 6,047,390 shares of the company’s stock worth $72,629,000 after buying an additional 3,914,835 shares in the last quarter. Great Lakes Advisors LLC boosted its stake in Investors Bancorp by 29.4% in the third quarter. Great Lakes Advisors LLC now owns 443,951 shares of the company’s stock worth $5,332,000 after buying an additional 100,926 shares in the last quarter. BlackRock Fund Advisors boosted its stake in Investors Bancorp by 6.6% in the third quarter. BlackRock Fund Advisors now owns 8,095,845 shares of the company’s stock worth $97,231,000 after buying an additional 502,456 shares in the last quarter. Finally, Tradition Capital Management LLC bought a new stake in Investors Bancorp during the second quarter worth approximately $110,000. 78.23% of the stock is owned by institutional investors. Investors Bancorp, Inc. (NASDAQ:ISBC) traded up 0.58% during mid-day trading on Wednesday, hitting $13.78. 1,076,113 shares of the stock were exchanged. The company has a 50-day moving average price of $13.95 and a 200-day moving average price of $12.47. Investors Bancorp, Inc. has a one year low of $10.67 and a one year high of $14.39. The company has a market cap of $4.10 billion, a P/E ratio of 24.18 and a beta of 0.69. Investors Bancorp (NASDAQ:ISBC) last issued its quarterly earnings results on Thursday, October 27th. The company reported $0.15 earnings per share for the quarter, hitting the Zacks’ consensus estimate of $0.15. The firm earned $168.13 million during the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $163.95 million. Investors Bancorp had a net margin of 21.68% and a return on equity of 5.51%. Investors Bancorp’s quarterly revenue was up 3.4% compared to the same quarter last year. During the same quarter in the prior year, the business earned $0.14 EPS. Analysts forecast that Investors Bancorp, Inc. will post $0.59 earnings per share for the current fiscal year. TRADEMARK VIOLATION WARNING: “Citadel Advisors LLC Has $2,671,000 Stake in Investors Bancorp, Inc. (ISBC)” was published by Web Breaking News and is owned by of Web Breaking News. If you are viewing this piece on another site, it was copied illegally and reposted in violation of United States and international copyright law. The correct version of this piece can be read at http://www.webbreakingnews.com/2017/01/18/citadel-advisors-llc-has-2671000-stake-in-investors-bancorp-inc-isbc.html. A number of analysts have recently commented on ISBC shares. Zacks Investment Research raised shares of Investors Bancorp from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $16.00 target price for the company in a research note on Wednesday, December 28th. Barclays PLC cut shares of Investors Bancorp from an “overweight” rating to an “underweight” rating and set a $13.00 target price for the company. in a research note on Tuesday, December 6th. One equities research analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, two have issued a hold rating and two have assigned a buy rating to the stock. The company presently has a consensus rating of “Hold” and a consensus price target of $13.25. In other Investors Bancorp news, Director James H. Ward III purchased 3,784 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Thursday, December 1st. The stock was purchased at an average price of $13.59 per share, for a total transaction of $51,424.56. Following the purchase, the director now directly owns 249,404 shares in the company, valued at $3,389,400.36. The acquisition was disclosed in a filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which can be accessed through the SEC website. Also, Director James J. Garibaldi sold 11,000 shares of the stock in a transaction on Monday, December 5th. The stock was sold at an average price of $13.79, for a total transaction of $151,690.00. Following the sale, the director now owns 93,889 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $1,294,729.31. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Corporate insiders own 3.44% of the company’s stock. About Investors Bancorp Investors Bancorp, Inc is a holding company for Investors Bank (the Bank). The Bank is a chartered savings bank. The Company is in the business of attracting deposits from the public through its branch network and borrowing funds in the wholesale markets to originate loans and to invest in securities. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding ISBC? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Investors Bancorp, Inc. (NASDAQ:ISBC). Receive News & Ratings for Investors Bancorp Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Investors Bancorp Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter. « Previous Citadel Advisors LLC Acquires 60,878 Shares of Douglas Emmett, Inc. (DEI) Next » Oxbow Advisors LLC Has $2,681,000 Stake in Hanesbrands Inc. (HBI) Latest News Nike Suspends Relationship with Maria Sharapova Rob Bironas Ex-Titans Kicker Dies in Car Crash Ron Washington Leaves Texas Rangers Due to an Affair Jonathan Dwyer Falls in Line with Other Banned NFL Players Tony Stewart Case Going to the Grand Jury Oscar Pistorius “Blade Runner” Found Not Guilty of Murder Leave a Reply Click here to cancel reply. Name (Required) Mail (will not be published) (Required) Website   Home Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Headlines Investing © 2006-2017 Web Breaking News.
Home About/Contact US Privacy Policy Staff Daily Email Updates Headlines Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Investing Standex International Corporation - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Standex International Corporation with our FREE daily email newsletter: Recent Posts Santander Consumer USA Holdings Inc. (SC) Shares Gap Down Following Weak Earnings Community Bankers Trust Corp. (ESXB) Reaches New 12-Month High After Better-Than-Expected Earnings Gran Tierra Energy Inc. (GTE) Earns Outperform Rating from Scotiabank CIBC Lowers Gran Tierra Energy Inc. (GTE) Price Target to C$4.50 Barclays PLC Raises HudBay Minerals Inc. (HBM) Price Target to C$10.00 Canadian National Railway Company (CNR) PT Raised to C$92.00 at National Bank Financial FY2016 Earnings Forecast for CBL & Associates Properties, Inc. Issued By Jefferies Group (CBL) FY2016 EPS Estimates for Time Warner Inc. Lifted by Analyst (TWX) Vetr Inc. Downgrades Altria Group (MO) to Sell Vetr Inc. Lowers First Solar, Inc. (FSLR) to Buy Ford Motor Company (F) Releases Quarterly Earnings Results Great Western Bancorp, Inc. (GWB) Posts Quarterly Earnings Results, Beats Expectations By $0.01 EPS Dover Downs Gaming & Entertainment Inc (DDE) Releases Quarterly Earnings Results Booz Allen Hamilton Holding Corporation (BAH) Set to Announce Earnings on Monday eBay Inc. (EBAY) Updates Q1 Earnings Guidance Murray International Trust plc (MYI) Insider Marcia Campbell Sells 5,726 Shares Analysts Set Equiniti Group PLC (EQN) Target Price at $224.60 Parkland Fuel Corp (PKI) Receives C$32.04 Average PT from Brokerages Analysts Set Connecture, Inc. (CNXR) Target Price at $4.00 Akebia Therapeutics, Inc. (AKBA) Receives $15.38 Average Price Target from Analysts JPMorgan Chase & Co. Has $3,030,000 Stake in Standex International Corporation (SXI) Posted by William Strong on Jan 18th, 2017 // No Comments Tweet JPMorgan Chase & Co. decreased its stake in shares of Standex International Corporation (NYSE:SXI) by 77.3% during the third quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The firm owned 32,628 shares of the company’s stock after selling 110,936 shares during the period. JPMorgan Chase & Co.’s holdings in Standex International Corporation were worth $3,030,000 at the end of the most recent quarter. A number of other institutional investors also recently modified their holdings of SXI. Wedge Capital Management L L P NC boosted its stake in Standex International Corporation by 334.7% in the second quarter. Wedge Capital Management L L P NC now owns 1,917,722 shares of the company’s stock worth $45,661,000 after buying an additional 1,476,568 shares during the last quarter. FMR LLC boosted its stake in Standex International Corporation by 73.7% in the second quarter. FMR LLC now owns 1,119,245 shares of the company’s stock worth $92,483,000 after buying an additional 474,942 shares during the last quarter. Allianz Asset Management AG boosted its stake in Standex International Corporation by 225.3% in the second quarter. Allianz Asset Management AG now owns 269,443 shares of the company’s stock worth $22,264,000 after buying an additional 186,624 shares during the last quarter. Royal Bank of Canada boosted its stake in Standex International Corporation by 2,547.4% in the second quarter. Royal Bank of Canada now owns 178,940 shares of the company’s stock worth $14,785,000 after buying an additional 172,181 shares during the last quarter. Finally, Silvercrest Asset Management Group LLC boosted its stake in Standex International Corporation by 12.6% in the second quarter. Silvercrest Asset Management Group LLC now owns 571,457 shares of the company’s stock worth $47,220,000 after buying an additional 63,963 shares during the last quarter. Institutional investors and hedge funds own 88.64% of the company’s stock. Shares of Standex International Corporation (NYSE:SXI) traded up 1.25% during midday trading on Wednesday, reaching $89.30. The company had a trading volume of 15,499 shares. Standex International Corporation has a 12-month low of $65.53 and a 12-month high of $97.55. The firm has a market capitalization of $1.14 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 22.81 and a beta of 1.48. The company has a 50 day moving average of $90.17 and a 200 day moving average of $87.55. Standex International Corporation (NYSE:SXI) last released its earnings results on Friday, October 28th. The company reported $1.11 EPS for the quarter, missing analysts’ consensus estimates of $1.18 by $0.07. Standex International Corporation had a return on equity of 14.96% and a net margin of 6.82%. The company earned $179.60 million during the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $192.66 million. During the same period in the prior year, the company posted $1.34 earnings per share. Analysts anticipate that Standex International Corporation will post $4.57 EPS for the current year. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION WARNING: “JPMorgan Chase & Co. Has $3,030,000 Stake in Standex International Corporation (SXI)” was posted by Web Breaking News and is the sole property of of Web Breaking News. If you are viewing this article on another domain, it was stolen and republished in violation of US and international trademark and copyright law. The legal version of this article can be read at http://www.webbreakingnews.com/2017/01/18/jpmorgan-chase-co-has-3030000-stake-in-standex-international-corporation-sxi.html. A number of equities research analysts have recently commented on the company. Zacks Investment Research upgraded Standex International Corporation from a “sell” rating to a “hold” rating in a research note on Wednesday, January 11th. Sidoti cut Standex International Corporation from a “buy” rating to a “neutral” rating and set a $103.00 target price on the stock. in a research note on Monday, December 19th. Finally, CJS Securities assumed coverage on Standex International Corporation in a research note on Monday, December 12th. They set a “market perform” rating on the stock. In other news, insider Paul C. Burns sold 1,707 shares of the stock in a transaction on Wednesday, November 23rd. The stock was sold at an average price of $89.25, for a total value of $152,349.75. The transaction was disclosed in a legal filing with the SEC, which is available through this link. Also, CEO David A. Dunbar sold 4,455 shares of the stock in a transaction on Friday, November 18th. The stock was sold at an average price of $87.80, for a total value of $391,149.00. Following the completion of the sale, the chief executive officer now directly owns 46,145 shares in the company, valued at $4,051,531. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. 2.10% of the stock is owned by insiders. About Standex International Corporation Standex International Corporation is a diversified manufacturing company. The Company is a manufacturer of a range of products and services for diverse commercial and industrial market segments. The Company has 11 operating segments, aggregated and organized into five segments: Food Service Equipment, Engraving, Engineering Technologies, Electronics and Hydraulics. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding SXI? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Standex International Corporation (NYSE:SXI). Receive News & Ratings for Standex International Corporation Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Standex International Corporation and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter. « Previous Citadel Advisors LLC Cuts Stake in IBERIABANK Corporation (IBKC) Next » JPMorgan Chase & Co. Has $3,032,000 Stake in AutoNation, Inc. (AN) Latest News Nike Suspends Relationship with Maria Sharapova Rob Bironas Ex-Titans Kicker Dies in Car Crash Ron Washington Leaves Texas Rangers Due to an Affair Jonathan Dwyer Falls in Line with Other Banned NFL Players Tony Stewart Case Going to the Grand Jury Oscar Pistorius “Blade Runner” Found Not Guilty of Murder Leave a Reply Click here to cancel reply. Name (Required) Mail (will not be published) (Required) Website   Home Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Headlines Investing © 2006-2017 Web Breaking News.
Home About/Contact US Privacy Policy Staff Daily Email Updates Headlines Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Investing AutoNation Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for AutoNation Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Recent Posts Southwest Bancorp, Inc. (OKSB) to Issue Quarterly Dividend of $0.08 on February 17th Canaccord Genuity Reiterates Hold Rating for Ashford Hospitality Prime, Inc. (AHP) Tallgrass Energy GP, LP (TEGP) To Go Ex-Dividend on February 1st California Resources Corporation (CRC) Stock Rating Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research Wells Fargo & Company (WFC) to Issue Quarterly Dividend of $0.38 on March 1st Bluerock Residential Growth REIT Inc (BRG) Stock Rating Lowered by Zacks Investment Research Heritage Financial Corporation (HFWA) Releases Earnings Results, Hits Expectations East West Bancorp, Inc. (EWBC) Releases Quarterly Earnings Results, Beats Expectations By $0.05 EPS Duke Realty Corporation (DRE) Issues FY17 Earnings Guidance Brixmor Property Group Inc. (BRX) Receives $27.39 Consensus Target Price from Brokerages Analysts Set Zillow Group, Inc. (Z) Price Target at $29.50 Xenon Pharmaceuticals Inc. (XENE) Receives $16.30 Average PT from Analysts Santander Consumer USA Holdings Inc. (SC) Shares Gap Down Following Weak Earnings Community Bankers Trust Corp. (ESXB) Reaches New 12-Month High After Better-Than-Expected Earnings Gran Tierra Energy Inc. (GTE) Earns Outperform Rating from Scotiabank CIBC Lowers Gran Tierra Energy Inc. (GTE) Price Target to C$4.50 Barclays PLC Raises HudBay Minerals Inc. (HBM) Price Target to C$10.00 Canadian National Railway Company (CNR) PT Raised to C$92.00 at National Bank Financial FY2016 Earnings Forecast for CBL & Associates Properties, Inc. Issued By Jefferies Group (CBL) FY2016 EPS Estimates for Time Warner Inc. Lifted by Analyst (TWX) JPMorgan Chase & Co. Has $3,032,000 Stake in AutoNation, Inc. (AN) Posted by Abby Graham on Jan 18th, 2017 // No Comments Tweet JPMorgan Chase & Co. reduced its stake in shares of AutoNation, Inc. (NYSE:AN) by 54.9% during the third quarter, according to its most recent 13F filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission. The institutional investor owned 62,262 shares of the company’s stock after selling 75,640 shares during the period. JPMorgan Chase & Co.’s holdings in AutoNation were worth $3,032,000 as of its most recent SEC filing. Several other institutional investors also recently added to or reduced their stakes in AN. Teacher Retirement System of Texas increased its position in AutoNation by 37.2% in the second quarter. Teacher Retirement System of Texas now owns 5,372 shares of the company’s stock valued at $252,000 after buying an additional 1,456 shares during the period. Eaton Vance Management acquired a new position in AutoNation during the second quarter valued at approximately $281,000. Victory Capital Management Inc. increased its position in AutoNation by 4.7% in the second quarter. Victory Capital Management Inc. now owns 18,147 shares of the company’s stock valued at $853,000 after buying an additional 821 shares during the period. UBS Asset Management Americas Inc. increased its position in AutoNation by 0.8% in the second quarter. UBS Asset Management Americas Inc. now owns 172,039 shares of the company’s stock valued at $8,083,000 after buying an additional 1,391 shares during the period. Finally, Neuberger Berman Group LLC increased its position in AutoNation by 2.7% in the second quarter. Neuberger Berman Group LLC now owns 160,898 shares of the company’s stock valued at $7,559,000 after buying an additional 4,212 shares during the period. Hedge funds and other institutional investors own 66.55% of the company’s stock. AutoNation, Inc. (NYSE:AN) traded down 0.068% during midday trading on Wednesday, reaching $51.635. 537,579 shares of the company traded hands. AutoNation, Inc. has a one year low of $39.28 and a one year high of $54.15. The firm has a 50-day moving average price of $48.77 and a 200-day moving average price of $48.03. The firm has a market capitalization of $5.22 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 13.308 and a beta of 1.00. AutoNation (NYSE:AN) last issued its quarterly earnings data on Friday, October 28th. The company reported $1.05 earnings per share for the quarter, missing the consensus estimate of $1.15 by $0.10. AutoNation had a net margin of 1.92% and a return on equity of 19.77%. The company had revenue of $5.57 billion for the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $5.63 billion. During the same quarter last year, the business posted $1.05 earnings per share. AutoNation’s revenue was up 4.0% on a year-over-year basis. Equities analysts predict that AutoNation, Inc. will post $4.03 EPS for the current fiscal year. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION WARNING: “JPMorgan Chase & Co. Has $3,032,000 Stake in AutoNation, Inc. (AN)” was posted by Web Breaking News and is owned by of Web Breaking News. If you are reading this article on another website, it was copied illegally and republished in violation of U.S. & international copyright & trademark legislation. The correct version of this article can be viewed at http://www.webbreakingnews.com/2017/01/18/jpmorgan-chase-co-has-3032000-stake-in-autonation-inc-an.html. AN has been the topic of several research reports. TheStreet upgraded shares of AutoNation from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating in a research note on Wednesday, January 4th. Bank of America Corporation downgraded shares of AutoNation from a “buy” rating to a “neutral” rating and set a $45.00 price target on the stock. in a research note on Monday, October 31st. Finally, Goldman Sachs Group, Inc. (The) upgraded shares of AutoNation from a “sell” rating to a “neutral” rating and decreased their price target for the company from $52.00 to $49.00 in a research note on Thursday, October 6th. They noted that the move was a valuation call. Six research analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and three have issued a buy rating to the company’s stock. The company currently has an average rating of “Hold” and an average price target of $51.83. About AutoNation AutoNation, Inc is an automotive retailer in the United States. The Company offers a range of automotive products and services, including new vehicles, used vehicles, parts and service, which includes automotive repair and maintenance services, as well as wholesale parts and collision businesses, and automotive finance and insurance products, including vehicle service and other protection products, as well as the arranging of financing for vehicle purchases through third-party finance sources. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding AN? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for AutoNation, Inc. (NYSE:AN). Receive News & Ratings for AutoNation Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for AutoNation Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter. « Previous JPMorgan Chase & Co. Has $3,030,000 Stake in Standex International Corporation (SXI) Next » Corning Incorporated (GLW) Position Cut by Oxbow Advisors LLC Latest News Nike Suspends Relationship with Maria Sharapova Rob Bironas Ex-Titans Kicker Dies in Car Crash Ron Washington Leaves Texas Rangers Due to an Affair Jonathan Dwyer Falls in Line with Other Banned NFL Players Tony Stewart Case Going to the Grand Jury Oscar Pistorius “Blade Runner” Found Not Guilty of Murder Leave a Reply Click here to cancel reply. Name (Required) Mail (will not be published) (Required) Website   Home Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Headlines Investing © 2006-2017 Web Breaking News.
facebook twitter youtube google-plus instagram soundcloud coub Applications RSS العربية ESP РУС DE FR ИНОТВ RTД RUPTLY RTQuestion more live 03:14 GMT, Jan 28, 2017 search Menu mobile News America UK Russian politics Business Sport Op-Edge In vision In motion RT360 Shows On-Air Talent More HomeAmerica JPMorgan mortgage lending based on racist practices, US says in lawsuit Published time: 18 Jan, 2017 19:47Edited time: 19 Jan, 2017 12:09 Get short URL © Mike Segar / Reuters JPMorgan Chase & Co allowed brokers to charge African-American and Hispanic borrowers higher home mortgage loan rates and fees than white borrowers with similar credit, the US government says in a new federal lawsuit. After the suit was filed, JPMorgan announced it agreed to settle the charges for $55 million while avoiding any liability, according to reports. "We’ve agreed to settle these legacy allegations that relate to pricing set by independent brokers," the company said in a statement. "We deny any wrongdoing and remain committed to providing equal access to credit." Read more EU fines JPMorgan, HSBC and Credit Agricole $520mn for rate manipulation Between 2006 and at least 2009, JPMorgan Chase violated the US Fair Housing Act and the Equal Credit Opportunity Act in the process of the alleged loan discrimination, the US government said in the suit, filed Wednesday by US attorney Preet Bharara of the Southern District of New York. Independent mortgage brokers working with JPMorgan Chase were allowed, and even encouraged through rewards, to recalculate rates for wholesale loans that deviated from objectively-established rates based on credit factors, the lawsuit said. Brokers, in turn, were not required by JPMorgan Chase to document why a rate was changed. "Even when Chase had reason to know there were disparities, however, Chase did not act to determine the full scope of these wholesale pricing disparities, nor did it take prompt and effective action to eliminate those disparities, nor did it engage in adequate efforts to remedy the impact of those disparities upon the borrowers," the plaintiffs said in the lawsuit. Minority borrowers were often charged an average of about $1,000 more for mortgage interest rates and fees than "similarly situated white borrowers," the lawsuit said.  The average African-American borrower was charged around $1,126 more over the first five years for an average loan of $191,100, the suit said. The average Hispanic borrower was charged about $968 on an average loan of $236,800, according to the lawsuit. The discrimination cost at least 53,000 borrowers "tens of millions of dollars in damages," the suit said. Where to watch Schedule Think-tank you very much: Corporations use nonprofits to skirt lobbying rules – report Washington proposes $7bn fine on Credit Suisse in mortgage claims Where to watch Schedule News America UK Russian politics Business Sport Op-Edge More Live Where to watch In vision In motion RT360 Shows Schedule Business projects Legal disclaimer Privacy policy Feedback About us Vacancies Contact info On-Air Talent RT NEWS APP Android iOS Windows phone Windows 8 العربية Español Русский Deutsch Français ИНОТВ RTД RUPTLY Applications RSS facebook twitter youtube google-plus instagram soundcloud coub © Autonomous Nonprofit Organization “TV-Novosti”, 2005–2017. All rights reserved.
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy   Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Werner Enterprises Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Werner Enterprises Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Analysts’ Weekly Ratings Updates for Eagle Pharmaceuticals (EGRX) Saratoga Investment Corp (SAR) To Go Ex-Dividend on January 27th Chatham Lodging Trust (REIT) (CLDT) to Issue Monthly Dividend of $0.11 on February 24th Capstead Mortgage Corporation (CMO) Posts Quarterly Earnings Results, Misses Expectations By $0.05 EPS BankUnited, Inc. (BKU) Releases Quarterly Earnings Results, Beats Estimates By $0.05 EPS Skyworks Solutions, Inc. (SWKS) Price Target Raised to $66.00 at Morgan Stanley Deutsche Post AG (DPW) PT Set at €30.00 by Jefferies Group LLC Lloyds Banking Group PLC (LLOY) Price Target Raised to GBX 75 QinetiQ Group plc (QQ) Price Target Increased to GBX 270 by Analysts at Liberum Capital Short Interest in InfuSystem Holdings Inc (INFU) Decreases By 85.7% Neuberger Berman MLP Income Fund Inc (NML) Sees Significant Drop in Short Interest Brinker International, Inc. (EAT) Shares Down 6.2% on Disappointing Earnings TE Connectivity Ltd. (TEL) Shares Gap Up Following Strong Earnings Abbott Laboratories (ABT) Updates FY17 Earnings Guidance Honeywell International Inc. (HON) to Release Quarterly Earnings on Friday TCF Financial Corporation (TCB) to Release Quarterly Earnings on Friday United Financial Bancorp, Inc. (UBNK) Releases Earnings Results, Beats Estimates By $0.02 EPS CA, Inc. (CA) Releases Earnings Results, Beats Estimates By $0.02 EPS Endo International PLC to Post FY2016 Earnings of $4.55 Per Share, Oppenheimer Holdings Forecasts (ENDP) Prospect Capital Corporation (PSEC) to Issue Monthly Dividend of $0.08 on February 16th JPMorgan Chase & Co. Purchases 45,268 Shares of Werner Enterprises, Inc. (WERN) January 18th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Trevor Kearing Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet JPMorgan Chase & Co. raised its stake in Werner Enterprises, Inc. (NASDAQ:WERN) by 52.4% during the third quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The firm owned 131,736 shares of the company’s stock after buying an additional 45,268 shares during the period. JPMorgan Chase & Co.’s holdings in Werner Enterprises were worth $3,066,000 as of its most recent filing with the SEC. A number of other hedge funds and other institutional investors have also added to or reduced their stakes in the company. Stoneridge Investment Partners LLC acquired a new position in Werner Enterprises during the second quarter valued at approximately $260,000. American Century Companies Inc. acquired a new position in Werner Enterprises during the second quarter valued at approximately $20,376,000. Speece Thorson Capital Group Inc. increased its position in Werner Enterprises by 27.6% in the second quarter. Speece Thorson Capital Group Inc. now owns 605,741 shares of the company’s stock valued at $13,914,000 after buying an additional 131,124 shares during the period. Capital Fund Management S.A. acquired a new position in Werner Enterprises during the second quarter valued at approximately $2,389,000. Finally, California Public Employees Retirement System increased its position in Werner Enterprises by 1.6% in the second quarter. California Public Employees Retirement System now owns 180,800 shares of the company’s stock valued at $4,153,000 after buying an additional 2,900 shares during the period. 64.73% of the stock is owned by institutional investors. Shares of Werner Enterprises, Inc. (NASDAQ:WERN) traded up 0.921% during trading on Wednesday, reaching $26.845. 121,005 shares of the company were exchanged. Werner Enterprises, Inc. has a 1-year low of $20.91 and a 1-year high of $29.05. The company has a market capitalization of $1.93 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 20.634 and a beta of 0.72. The stock’s 50 day moving average is $27.47 and its 200 day moving average is $24.94. The company also recently declared a quarterly dividend, which was paid on Tuesday, January 17th. Shareholders of record on Tuesday, January 3rd were given a $0.06 dividend. The ex-dividend date of this dividend was Thursday, December 29th. This represents a $0.24 dividend on an annualized basis and a dividend yield of 0.90%. Werner Enterprises’s payout ratio is currently 18.46%. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION WARNING: This story was first reported by Daily Political and is the propert of of Daily Political. If you are accessing this story on another publication, it was copied illegally and republished in violation of US and international trademark & copyright law. The correct version of this story can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/01/18/jpmorgan-chase-co-purchases-45268-shares-of-werner-enterprises-inc-wern.html. WERN has been the subject of several analyst reports. Zacks Investment Research downgraded shares of Werner Enterprises from a “hold” rating to a “sell” rating in a report on Tuesday, September 27th. Cowen and Company cut their price objective on shares of Werner Enterprises from $22.00 to $21.00 and set a “market perform” rating for the company in a report on Friday, October 21st. Deutsche Bank AG started coverage on shares of Werner Enterprises in a report on Wednesday, November 2nd. They issued a “buy” rating and a $27.00 price objective for the company. KeyCorp reissued a “hold” rating on shares of Werner Enterprises in a report on Thursday, November 10th. Finally, TheStreet raised shares of Werner Enterprises from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating in a report on Friday, November 11th. Three investment analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, fourteen have given a hold rating, three have given a buy rating and one has given a strong buy rating to the company. The company currently has an average rating of “Hold” and an average price target of $26.21. Werner Enterprises Company Profile Werner Enterprises, Inc is a transportation and logistics company. The Company is engaged in transporting truckload shipments of general commodities in both interstate and intrastate commerce. The Company operates through two segments: Truckload Transportation Services (Truckload) and Value Added Services (VAS). Want to see what other hedge funds are holding WERN? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Werner Enterprises, Inc. (NASDAQ:WERN). Receive News & Ratings for Werner Enterprises Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Werner Enterprises Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Trump Agenda: Border Wall and Sanctuary Cities White House Says President Trump Will Not Release His Tax Returns Protesters Plan Big Disruptions for Trump Inauguration Summer Zervos Filing Defamation Suit Against Donald Trump Trump Says EU Dissolution Was Caused by Refugees © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy   Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Rockwell Collins Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Rockwell Collins Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News National Asset Management Inc. Has $607,000 Stake in American Water Works (AWK) Panagora Asset Management Inc. Boosts Position in eBay Inc. (EBAY) Panagora Asset Management Inc. Buys 989,883 Shares of Baxter International Inc. (BAX) Panagora Asset Management Inc. Has $49,920,000 Position in Western Alliance Bancorporation (WAL) Eli Lilly and Company (LLY) Position Lowered by Capital International Sarl Goldman Sachs Group, Inc. (The) (GS) Position Reduced by Capital International Sarl Capital International Sarl Maintains Position in Canadian National Railway Company (CNI) Capital International Sarl Maintains Position in Cognizant Technology Solutions Corp (CTSH) Fuller & Thaler Asset Management Inc. Acquires 2,304,519 Shares of Verifone Systems, Inc. (PAY) Blackstone Group L.P. Invests $13,851,000 in Take-Two Interactive Software, Inc. (TTWO) TPG Group Holdings SBS Advisors Inc. Cuts Position in Continental Building Products, Inc. (CBPX) TPG Group Holdings SBS Advisors Inc. Sells 3,273 Shares of LinkedIn Corp (LNKD) National Asset Management Inc. Has $858,000 Position in Medtronic PLC (MDT) E.W. Scripps Company (The) (SSP) Shares Bought by Blackstone Group L.P. Blackstone Group L.P. Maintains Stake in NantHealth Inc (NH) Fuller & Thaler Asset Management Inc. Has $59,582,000 Stake in Cabot Corporation (CBT) Fuller & Thaler Asset Management Inc. Sells 9,719 Shares of MTS Systems Corporation (MTSC) Fuller & Thaler Asset Management Inc. Sells 494,508 Shares of El Paso Electric Company (EE) Fuller & Thaler Asset Management Inc. Decreases Position in Brink’s Company (The) (BCO) Cheniere Energy Partners LP Holdings LLC (CQH) Position Cut by Blackstone Group L.P. Rockwell Collins, Inc. (COL) Stake Cut by JPMorgan Chase & Co. January 18th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Patrick Bannon Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet JPMorgan Chase & Co. decreased its position in Rockwell Collins, Inc. (NYSE:COL) by 24.6% during the third quarter, according to its most recent Form 13F filing with the SEC. The firm owned 39,251 shares of the company’s stock after selling 12,821 shares during the period. JPMorgan Chase & Co.’s holdings in Rockwell Collins were worth $3,311,000 at the end of the most recent quarter. Other hedge funds have also bought and sold shares of the company. Van ECK Associates Corp boosted its position in shares of Rockwell Collins by 31.8% in the second quarter. Van ECK Associates Corp now owns 1,340 shares of the company’s stock valued at $114,000 after buying an additional 323 shares in the last quarter. Cantab Capital Partners LLP boosted its position in shares of Rockwell Collins by 1,109.2% in the second quarter. Cantab Capital Partners LLP now owns 1,451 shares of the company’s stock valued at $124,000 after buying an additional 1,331 shares in the last quarter. Mizuho Asset Management Co. Ltd. boosted its position in shares of Rockwell Collins by 64.1% in the second quarter. Mizuho Asset Management Co. Ltd. now owns 1,595 shares of the company’s stock valued at $136,000 after buying an additional 623 shares in the last quarter. Point72 Asia Hong Kong Ltd acquired a new position in shares of Rockwell Collins during the second quarter valued at $193,000. Finally, Signature Estate & Investment Advisors LLC acquired a new position in shares of Rockwell Collins during the third quarter valued at $196,000. 77.43% of the stock is owned by institutional investors and hedge funds. Shares of Rockwell Collins, Inc. (NYSE:COL) traded down 0.32% on Wednesday, hitting $89.42. The company had a trading volume of 681,364 shares. Rockwell Collins, Inc. has a 1-year low of $76.03 and a 1-year high of $96.55. The company has a 50 day moving average price of $93.28 and a 200 day moving average price of $86.63. The firm has a market capitalization of $11.65 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 16.23 and a beta of 0.80. Rockwell Collins (NYSE:COL) last announced its quarterly earnings data on Monday, October 31st. The company reported $1.58 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, beating analysts’ consensus estimates of $1.20 by $0.38. The firm earned $1.45 billion during the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $1.22 billion. Rockwell Collins had a return on equity of 37.31% and a net margin of 13.84%. The business’s revenue for the quarter was up 4.4% on a year-over-year basis. During the same quarter in the prior year, the company earned $1.38 EPS. On average, equities analysts forecast that Rockwell Collins, Inc. will post $5.43 earnings per share for the current fiscal year. TRADEMARK VIOLATION NOTICE: “Rockwell Collins, Inc. (COL) Stake Cut by JPMorgan Chase & Co.” was posted by Daily Political and is the propert of of Daily Political. If you are viewing this article on another domain, it was copied illegally and reposted in violation of U.S. and international trademark & copyright laws. The original version of this article can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/01/18/rockwell-collins-inc-col-stake-cut-by-jpmorgan-chase-co.html. Several equities research analysts have recently commented on the company. Deutsche Bank AG increased their price objective on Rockwell Collins from $98.00 to $105.00 and gave the company a “buy” rating in a report on Monday, December 5th. Seaport Global Securities assumed coverage on Rockwell Collins in a report on Wednesday, December 21st. They issued a “neutral” rating and a $100.00 price objective for the company. Zacks Investment Research raised Rockwell Collins from a “sell” rating to a “hold” rating in a report on Friday, December 16th. Royal Bank Of Canada assumed coverage on Rockwell Collins in a report on Thursday, January 12th. They issued a “sector perform” rating and a $98.00 price objective for the company. Finally, RBC Capital Markets assumed coverage on Rockwell Collins in a report on Thursday, January 12th. They issued a “sector perform” rating and a $98.00 price objective for the company. One analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, thirteen have assigned a hold rating and four have assigned a buy rating to the company’s stock. The stock currently has an average rating of “Hold” and a consensus target price of $92.31. In other Rockwell Collins news, SVP Nan Mattai sold 19,400 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction on Thursday, January 5th. The stock was sold at an average price of $92.55, for a total value of $1,795,470.00. Following the completion of the transaction, the senior vice president now owns 14,139 shares in the company, valued at approximately $1,308,564.45. The sale was disclosed in a filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which can be accessed through the SEC website. 1.50% of the stock is owned by company insiders. Rockwell Collins Company Profile Rockwell Collins, Inc designs, produces and supports communications and aviation systems for commercial and military customers. The Company provides information management services through voice and data communication networks and solutions across the world. The Company operates through three segments: Commercial Systems, Government Systems and Information Management Services. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding COL? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Rockwell Collins, Inc. (NYSE:COL). Receive News & Ratings for Rockwell Collins Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Rockwell Collins Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Trump’s Labor Secretary Choice Outsourced Jobs President Trump Agenda: Border Wall and Sanctuary Cities White House Says President Trump Will Not Release His Tax Returns Protesters Plan Big Disruptions for Trump Inauguration Summer Zervos Filing Defamation Suit Against Donald Trump © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
WSJ WSJ LIVE WSJ Live on Facebook WSJ Live on Twitter MARKETWATCH MarketWatch on Facebook MarketWatch on Twitter BARRON'S <h4>Barrons on Facebook</h4><div style="border: none; padding: 2px 3px;" class="fb-like" data-href="http://www.facebook.com/barronsonline" data-send="false" data-layout="button_count" data-width="250" data-show-faces="false" data-action="recommend"></div> <h4>Barrons on Twitter</h4><a href="https://twitter.com/barronsonline" class="twitter-follow-button" data-show-count="true">Follow @barronsonline</a> DJX Product X on Facebook Product X on Twitter RT F R&C PE&VC WSJ B MORE Mansion Global WSJ Secure BigCharts Financial News Professor Journal Realtor.com Student Journal Virtual Stock Exchange WSJ Classifieds WSJ Classrooms WSJ Wine Search Asia Edition U.S. Edition   Subscribe Log In Home Magazine This Week's Edition Past Editions New: Cartoons Daily All Coverage Barron's Take Weekday Trader Up & Down Wall St. Daily Getting Technical Striking Price Daily Wall Street's Best Minds Read This, Spike That Stocks to Watch Today Asia Stocks to Watch Income Investing Tech Trader Daily Focus on Funds Emerging Markets Q&A Video Center Investing Ideas Overview Barron's Picks & Pans Mutual Funds / ETFs Hedge Funds Stocks Center Commodities Center Bonds Center Options Center Barron's Take Weekday Trader Stock Alert Inside Scoop Ahead of the Crowd Focus on Funds Stocks to Watch Today Barron's Roundtable Advisor Center Overview Top 100 Advisors Top 100 Women Advisors Top 100 Independent Advisors Top 1,200 Advisors Advisor Profiles Market Data Market Data Center Market Lab Economic Calendar Watchlist Stock Grader Stock & Fund Tables Barron's 400 PENTA Penta Magazine Penta Daily Penta Archives Barron's NEXT The Striking Price Wells Fargo Stock Is Weaker Than Understood The options market offers ways for investors to insulate the stock from the unexpected and the undesirable. By Steven M. Sears Biography Jan. 18, 2017 2:00 p.m. ET Wells Fargo has generally been treated as a near-messianic stock. But the fake-account scandal has prompted many investors to view one of Warren Buffett’s top holdings with skepticism – and even derision. Wells Fargo’s shares (ticker: WFC) have gained about 18% since Donald Trump won the presidential election. But JPMorgan is telling clients to be wary. The bulk of Wells Fargo’s gains, it notes, occurred in the first two days after... Get The Full Story Subscribe   or   Log In Want to participate in the discussion? Already a subscriber? Log in for complete access. Powered by Livefyre Most Popular 1. Red Flags for Stocks, Oil Subscriber Content Read Preview 2. Is Microsoft Leaping Ahead of Amazon? Subscriber Content Read Preview 3. Jeremy Grantham: Why Donald Trump Won Subscriber Content Read Preview 4. PayPal Has Big Plans for Venmo Subscriber Content Read Preview 5. The Good and Bad of the Coming Trump Economy Subscriber Content Read Preview See Full List Latest Market Videos 1 Barron's Buzz: Warren Buffett's $2.95 Breakfast 2 Amazon is Disrupting a New Industry 3 ​Dow 20,000: Why You Shouldn't Get Excited Barron's Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn YouTube RSS Feed AppStore Google Play Return to Top« Customer Service Customer Center Contact Us Live Help Refer Your Friends to Barron's and Get Rewarded. Learn More Create an Account Subscribe to Barron's Magazine Subscribers: Activate Your Digital Access About Barrons.com Advertising Masthead Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Data Policy Copyright Policy Subscriber Agreement & Terms of Use Your Ad Choices Community Guidelines Also From Barron's Conferences Reprints Classifieds College Program Find a Broker Barron's in Japanese Tools & Services Mobile Site Email Newsletters Barron's on iPad/iPhone Barron's on Android Watchlist Video Annual Reports StockGrader Barron's 400 Economic Calendar Stock & Mutual Fund Listings Commodities, Options & Annuities Listings Fund Prospectuses ACAP Enabled Copyright ©2017 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
Home About/Contact US Privacy Policy Staff Daily Email Updates Headlines Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Investing Amicus Therapeutics Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Amicus Therapeutics Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Recent Posts Xylem Inc. (XYL) Position Boosted by Page Arthur B Page Arthur B Purchases 693 Shares of Illumina, Inc. (ILMN) EJF Capital LLC Decreases Position in PHH Corp (PHH) First Connecticut Bancorp, Inc. (FBNK) Position Maintained by EJF Capital LLC Praxair, Inc. (PX) Shares Sold by Patten Group Inc. James A. Courter Sells 5,000 Shares of Genie Energy Ltd. (GNE) Stock Peconic Partners LLC Has $510,000 Stake in LogMein, Inc. (LOGM) Kemper Corp Master Retirement Trust Boosts Position in CubeSmart (CUBE) Host Hotels & Resorts, Inc. (HST) Shares Bought by Kemper Corp Master Retirement Trust Kemper Corp Master Retirement Trust Has $914,000 Position in Senior Housing Properties Trust (SNH) Kemper Corp Master Retirement Trust Continues to Hold Position in State Street Corporation (STT) Tractor Supply Company (TSCO) Stake Lowered by Mastrapasqua Asset Management Inc. Salesforce.com Inc (CRM) Shares Sold by Mastrapasqua Asset Management Inc. Northrop Grumman Corporation (NOC) Shares Bought by Mastrapasqua Asset Management Inc. Usca Ria LLC Raises Stake in Whole Foods Market, Inc. (WFM) Usca Ria LLC Raises Stake in Sanofi (SNY) Capital International Sarl Has $6,807,000 Position in ON Semiconductor Corporation (ON) Kepos Capital LP Has $3,136,000 Position in CME Group Inc. (CME) Baker BROS. Advisors LP Invests $2,381,857,000 in Seattle Genetics, Inc. (SGEN) Baker BROS. Advisors LP Takes Position in Idera Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (IDRA) JPMorgan Chase & Co. Lowers Stake in Amicus Therapeutics, Inc. (FOLD) Posted by Dave Schultz on Jan 18th, 2017 // No Comments Tweet JPMorgan Chase & Co. reduced its stake in Amicus Therapeutics, Inc. (NASDAQ:FOLD) by 54.3% during the third quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The institutional investor owned 453,851 shares of the biopharmaceutical company’s stock after selling 538,838 shares during the period. JPMorgan Chase & Co. owned approximately 0.32% of Amicus Therapeutics worth $3,358,000 as of its most recent SEC filing. A number of other large investors also recently modified their holdings of the company. Dynamic Technology Lab Private Ltd bought a new stake in shares of Amicus Therapeutics during the second quarter valued at about $108,000. Principal Financial Group Inc. boosted its stake in shares of Amicus Therapeutics by 10.5% in the second quarter. Principal Financial Group Inc. now owns 22,411 shares of the biopharmaceutical company’s stock valued at $122,000 after buying an additional 2,122 shares in the last quarter. BlackRock Inc. boosted its stake in shares of Amicus Therapeutics by 224.8% in the second quarter. BlackRock Inc. now owns 26,443 shares of the biopharmaceutical company’s stock valued at $144,000 after buying an additional 18,301 shares in the last quarter. State Board of Administration of Florida Retirement System boosted its stake in shares of Amicus Therapeutics by 36.6% in the second quarter. State Board of Administration of Florida Retirement System now owns 55,248 shares of the biopharmaceutical company’s stock valued at $302,000 after buying an additional 14,810 shares in the last quarter. Finally, UBS Oconnor LLC bought a new stake in shares of Amicus Therapeutics during the second quarter valued at about $307,000. Shares of Amicus Therapeutics, Inc. (NASDAQ:FOLD) traded down 1.017% during mid-day trading on Wednesday, hitting $5.355. 1,354,263 shares of the stock traded hands. The firm has a 50 day moving average of $5.48 and a 200 day moving average of $6.75. The stock’s market cap is $762.16 million. Amicus Therapeutics, Inc. has a 12 month low of $4.41 and a 12 month high of $9.83. Amicus Therapeutics (NASDAQ:FOLD) last issued its quarterly earnings results on Monday, November 7th. The biopharmaceutical company reported ($0.33) earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, beating the Zacks’ consensus estimate of ($0.34) by $0.01. The company had revenue of $2.10 million for the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $1.71 million. On average, equities analysts expect that Amicus Therapeutics, Inc. will post ($1.40) EPS for the current fiscal year. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY WARNING: “JPMorgan Chase & Co. Lowers Stake in Amicus Therapeutics, Inc. (FOLD)” was first reported by Web Breaking News and is the sole property of of Web Breaking News. If you are accessing this news story on another website, it was stolen and republished in violation of United States and international trademark and copyright legislation. The correct version of this news story can be read at http://www.webbreakingnews.com/2017/01/18/jpmorgan-chase-co-lowers-stake-in-amicus-therapeutics-inc-fold.html. FOLD has been the topic of several research reports. Cowen and Company set a $12.00 target price on shares of Amicus Therapeutics and gave the stock a “buy” rating in a report on Thursday, December 8th. Leerink Swann reiterated a “buy” rating and set a $17.00 price target on shares of Amicus Therapeutics in a research note on Tuesday, November 8th. Chardan Capital reiterated a “buy” rating and set a $16.00 price target (up previously from $15.00) on shares of Amicus Therapeutics in a research note on Tuesday, November 29th. Robert W. Baird reiterated a “hold” rating and set a $7.00 price target (down previously from $9.00) on shares of Amicus Therapeutics in a research note on Tuesday, November 29th. Finally, Zacks Investment Research upgraded shares of Amicus Therapeutics from a “sell” rating to a “hold” rating in a research note on Tuesday, October 25th. One analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, two have assigned a hold rating and six have issued a buy rating to the company’s stock. Amicus Therapeutics has an average rating of “Buy” and an average target price of $11.08. In related news, major shareholder Perceptive Advisors Llc purchased 94,750 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction on Friday, December 30th. The shares were acquired at an average price of $4.96 per share, for a total transaction of $469,960.00. The transaction was disclosed in a filing with the SEC, which is available at this link. Also, insider Hung Do sold 25,000 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Tuesday, November 1st. The shares were sold at an average price of $7.00, for a total transaction of $175,000.00. Following the transaction, the insider now owns 533,453 shares in the company, valued at approximately $3,734,171. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Company insiders own 3.40% of the company’s stock. Amicus Therapeutics Company Profile Amicus Therapeutics, Inc is a biopharmaceutical company. The Company is focused on the discovery and development of therapies to treat a range of rare and orphan diseases. Its lead product candidate, migalastat HCl (Galafold), is an orally administered small molecule pharmacological chaperone for the treatment of Fabry disease, which is a type of lysosomal storage disorder (LSD). Want to see what other hedge funds are holding FOLD? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Amicus Therapeutics, Inc. (NASDAQ:FOLD). Receive News & Ratings for Amicus Therapeutics Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Amicus Therapeutics Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter. « Previous Xilinx, Inc. (XLNX) Shares Bought by Hartford Investment Management Co. Next » Primerica, Inc. (PRI) Receives Consensus Rating of “Buy” from Brokerages Latest News Nike Suspends Relationship with Maria Sharapova Rob Bironas Ex-Titans Kicker Dies in Car Crash Ron Washington Leaves Texas Rangers Due to an Affair Jonathan Dwyer Falls in Line with Other Banned NFL Players Tony Stewart Case Going to the Grand Jury Oscar Pistorius “Blade Runner” Found Not Guilty of Murder Leave a Reply Click here to cancel reply. Name (Required) Mail (will not be published) (Required) Website   Home Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Headlines Investing © 2006-2017 Web Breaking News.
Advertisement Home News Top Stories Local State National World Politics Crime Business Industry Sports High School McNeese State LSU Saints & NFL National Scoreboard Prep Football Schedules Prep Football Stats Outdoors Opinion Jim Beam Scooter Hobbs Jim Gazzolo Informer by Andrew Perzo American Press Editorials Alex Hickey Entertainment Features Events Calendar Life Submit Life Event School Lunch Menu Obits Obituaries Local Funeral Homes Submit Obituaries Classifieds Classified Ads Build Your Own Classified Ad ePaper Today's ePaper ePaper Archives Subscribe to the ePaper Sample 50 Years Ago Subscribers Account Services Subscribe Real Estate Home Preview Galleries Featured Galleries Buy Photos Contact Us Contact Us Advertise Newspapers In Education Shutterbugs Policy About Us Friday, January 27, 2017 Southwest Louisiana , JPMorgan settles mortgage discrimination lawsuit Last Modified: Wednesday, January 18, 2017 12:17 PM By The Associated Press NEW YORK -- JPMorgan Chase will pay $55 million to settle federal charges that independent brokers working for the bank discriminated against minorities seeking home mortgages during the housing crisis. While the settlement is not a big financial dent to the giant bank, the cases illustrate the depth of the mortgage quagmire that has trailed the financial sector for a decade. A federal suit filed in Manhattan Wednesday accused JPMorgan Chase & Co. of charging black and Hispanic borrowers higher interest rates and fees for mortgages from 2006 to at least 2009. The lawsuit alleges that discrimination cost at least 53,000 minority borrowers tens of millions in higher interest payments and fees, in violation of the Fair Housing Act. The New York bank denied wrongdoing, but says it's agreed to settle the claims. "We've agreed to settle these legacy allegations that relate to pricing set by independent brokers," said JPMorgan spokeswoman Elizabeth Seymour, adding that the brokers were using a model similar to "a model all the banks had in 2006 to 2009." While JPMorgan said those involved were independent brokers working under contract for the bank, federal prosecutors said that Chase maintained ultimate control and was "directly and extensively involved" in setting up the deals. "Chase could have, but failed, to better monitor its wholesale brokers to discourage discrimination against borrowers based on race or national origin," the lawsuit said. Print Page Email to a Friend Comments (0 ) Comments made about this article - 0 Total Comment on this article Title: Comments: Your Name: (required - shown on comment approval) Enter text seen above: Copyright © 2017 American Press Privacy Policies: American Press Close
Sports Listen Menu Pay & Benefits Workforce Tech Management Acquisition Defense Congress Causey Pay & Benefits News Pay Benefits Retirement TSP Shows Your Turn For Your Benefit Expert Insights Workforce News OPM Cyber Breach OPM Hiring/Retention SES Facilities/Fleet Workforce Rights/Governance Unions News Facilities/Fleet Workforce Rights/Governance Unions Shows FEDtalk Fed Access Tech News Cybersecurity Cloud Computing Mobility Big Data Open Data/Transparency Digital Government News Big Data Open Data/Transparency Digital Government Shows Ask the CIO Federal Executive Forum Federal Tech Talk Expert Insights Management News OMB Budget Sequestration Agency Oversight SES People News Agency Oversight SES People Shows Agency of the Month Business of Government Hour Expert Insights Women of Washington Acquisition News Contracts/Awards Acquisition Policy Industry/Associations Shows Amtower Off-Center Off the Shelf Ready To Prime What’s Working in Washington Defense News Army Air Force Navy Marine Corps DISA Other DoD Agencies Defense Industry News DISA Other DoD Agencies Defense Industry Shows On DoD Pentagon Solutions Expert Insights Congress News Legislation Hearings/Oversight Budget Sequestration Causey News Federal Report Causey Awards Shows Your Turn Trending: Hiring Freeze•First 100 Days•BRAC•FOIA•Mike Causey•Multimedia Gallery Headlines Get Email Alerts Government News Home » The Associated Press » Government News » Update on the latest business Update on the latest business By The Associated Press January 18, 2017 1:28 pm Share FINANCIAL MARKETS Stocks little changed NEW YORK (AP) — The major stock indexes are little changed in listless trading on Wall Street. Free e-book on the current initiatives and upcoming policy changes needed to address the ever-growing IT and application modernization challenge. Download now. The Dow Jones industrial average is drifting lower, while the Nasdaq composite and the Standard & Poor’s 500 index are about flat. If the S&P 500 holds where it is, this will be the ninth straight day it has swung by less than 0.4 percent, up or down. The last time that happened was in July 2013. Advertisement Stocks have been in a wait-and-see period in recent weeks following their run-up since Election Day. One notable area of weakness today is retail. This past holiday shopping season was weaker than many were expecting, and Target became the latest to cut its forecast for fourth-quarter sales and profits as a result. Target had one of the biggest losses in the S&P 500, with Macy’s, Dollar Tree and other retailers close behind. INDUSTRIAL PRODUCTION US industrial output rose in December; best pace in 2 years WASHINGTON (AP) — U.S. industrial production increased in December at the strongest pace in two years, as auto factories cranked out more vehicles and power plants helped heat homes and businesses. The Federal Reserve says output at America’s factories, mines and utilities rose 0.8 percent last month, the largest percentage gain since November 2014. Manufacturing output improved 0.2 percent, led by gains in motor vehicles and primary metals that offset declines in textiles and chemicals. Factory output has increased 0.2 percent over the past 12 months, as manufacturers recover from falling energy prices and a strong dollar that limited orders and prompted layoffs. Utility output surged 6.6 percent as temperatures fell after an unseasonably warm November. Mining production was flat last month. CONSUMER PRICES US consumer prices up moderate 0.3 percent in December WASHINGTON (AP) — U.S. consumer prices, driven up by rising energy costs, rose moderately in December, closing out a year in which consumer inflation rose at the fastest pace in five years. The Labor Department says its consumer price index increased 0.3 percent last month, up from a 0.2 percent gain in November. Energy prices, which have been rebounding, were up 1.5 percent, led by another jump in gasoline pump prices. Food costs were unchanged for the fifth straight month. For all of 2016, prices were up 2.1 percent, compared to a 0.7 percent rise in 2015. It was the largest annual increase since a 3 percent jump in 2011. Core inflation, which excludes food and energy, was up 0.2 percent in December and 2.2 percent for the year. BUILDER SENTIMENT US homebuilder confidence, sales outlook slip in January UNDATED (AP) — U.S. homebuilders are feeling slightly less confident this month about their sales prospects, a pullback from December when builders’ confidence reached the highest level in 11 years. The decline in builder confidence comes amid heightened concerns about how rising mortgage rates could affect sales this year. The National Association of Home Builders/Wells Fargo builder sentiment index released Tuesday fell to 67 this month. That’s down two points from a revised reading of 69 in December. Readings above 50 indicate more builders view sales conditions as good rather than poor. The index has been above 60 since September. Builders’ view of sales now and over the next six months also fell, as did a gauge of traffic by prospective buyers. TARGET-HOLIDAY SALES Target lowers 4Q profit and sales outlook NEW YORK (AP) — Target is lowering its fourth-quarter profit and sales outlook after the discounter says it had sluggish holiday sales and traffic in its stores that offset a surging online business. Target says revenue at stores opened at least a year for the November and December period were down 1.3 percent. The company now says that the key barometer for a retailer’s health will decline 1 percent to 1.5 percent in the quarter, compared to guidance of down 1 percent to up 1 percent. Target says costs associated with shifting its efforts to online services and a highly promotional environment hurt fourth-quarter margins. The lower expectations are a setback for Target, which is trying to reinvent itself to be more nimble in a changing landscape. It also underscores the challenges for the industry. JPMORGAN DISCRIMINATION JPMorgan settles mortgage discrimination lawsuit NEW YORK (AP) — JPMorgan Chase is settling charges that independent brokers working for the bank discriminated against minorities seeking home mortgages. A federal suit filed Wednesday in Manhattan accused JPMorgan Chase & Co. of charging black and Hispanic borrowers higher interest rates and fees for mortgages from 2006 to at least 2009. The lawsuit alleges that discrimination cost at least 53,000 minorities borrowers tens of millions in higher interest payments and fees. The New York bank denied wrongdoing, but says it’s agreed to settle the claims for $55 million. SUPREME COURT-OFFENSIVE TRADEMARKS Justices hear free speech clash over offensive trademarks WASHINGTON (AP) — The Supreme Court is expressing doubts about a law that bars the government from registering trademarks that are deemed offensive. The justices heard arguments Wednesday in a dispute involving an Asian-American band called the Slants that was denied a trademark because the U.S. Patent and Trademark office says the name disparages Asians. The band says the 70-year-old law violates free speech rights. A federal appeals court ruled that the law is unconstitutional, but the government has appealed. Justice Elena Kagan said it seemed like “a classic form of viewpoint discrimination.” Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg said it wasn’t being enforced consistently. But some justices were concerned that imposing no limits on trademark names would go too far. A victory for the band would be welcome news for the Washington Redskins, embroiled in their own legal fight over the team name. TRUMP-COMMERCE SECRETARY Commerce nominee talks tough on China WASHINGTON (AP) — Billionaire investor Wilbur Ross is echoing President-elect Donald Trump’s tough talk about trade with China. Ross says “It’s a little weird that we have very low tariffs and China has very high tariffs.” Ross is appearing before a Senate committee holding a confirmation hearing on his nomination to lead the Commerce Department. Lawmakers are asking Ross about the barriers facing American companies as they seek to export goods around the world. He says the first thing the U.S. has to do is deal with unfair barriers that other countries impose on U.S. industries Ross says American ingenuity, management and labor can compete effectively if it’s a fair fight. He says “in a lot of cases, it’s not a fair fight.” TRUMP-HEALTH SECRETARY Trump’s pick for health secretary grilled on stocks WASHINGTON (AP) — A leading Democrat says President-elect Donald Trump’s pick to become health secretary made “inappropriate” purchases of stock in a health industry firm and needs to reveal whether his investments were based on inside information. Democratic Sen. Patty Murray of Washington grilled Tom Price on Wednesday at a hearing of the Senate Health, Education, Labor and Pensions Committee. The orthopedic surgeon-turned-congressman from Georgia says everything he’s done has been legal and ethical. Murray focused on stock purchases Price made over the past two years in an Australian drug company, Innate Immunotherapeutics. She cited published reports that Price bought the shares after talking to a fellow House Republican who is a major investor in the company. Price said he had no inside information and decided to invest in it after researching it. TRUMP-EPA EPA nominee says climate change is real WASHINGTON (AP) — Donald Trump’s choice to head the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency says that climate change is real, breaking with both the president-elect and his own past statements. Pressed by Democrats at his confirmation hearing on Wednesday, Oklahoma Attorney General Scott Pruitt said he disagreed with Trump’s past statements that global warming is a hoax created by the Chinese to harm the economic competitiveness of the United States. Pruitt has previously cast doubt on the extensive body of scientific evidence showing that the planet is warming and that man-made carbon emissions are to blame. In a 2016 opinion article, Pruitt suggested that the debate over global warming “is far from settled.” Pruitt also told lawmakers that he is willing to recuse himself from lawsuits he filed against the Environmental Protection Agency if confirmed. As Oklahoma’s attorney general, Pruitt has participated in at least 19 lawsuits against the agency in recent years, including eight cases that are pending. The lawsuits challenge EPA rules on smog, mercury emissions, coal-fired power plants and other issues. CSX-OUTLOOK CSX railroad expects modest profit growth in 2017 OMAHA, Neb. (AP) — CSX railroad officials expect profits to grow this year as the economy improves modestly, coal demand stabilizes and President-elect Donald Trump pursues reforms. The Jacksonville, Florida-based railroad offered a somewhat optimistic outlook Wednesday, a day after reporting a $458 million fourth-quarter profit. CSX CEO Michael Ward says industrial production is picking up, and forecasters predict the economy will grow 2 percent or more this year. Ward expects CSX to fare well this year with coal demand stabilizing after several years of sharp declines. He predicts CSX’s earnings per share will grow at a rate in the low-to-mid-teens in the first quarter. And Ward says he thinks Trump’s proposed tax cuts and regulatory reforms could provide an additional boost to the economy. OIL PIPELINE Army plans Dakota Access oil pipeline environmental study BISMARCK, N.D. (AP) — The Army says it’s planning to study the potential environmental impact of routing the $3.8 billion Dakota Access pipeline under the Missouri River in North Dakota, although a judge could stall the study. The Army published a notice in the Federal Register Wednesday of its intent to prepare an environmental impact statement on the Lake Oahe crossing. The Army won’t allow developer Energy Transfer Partners to resume the pipeline’s construction while the study is ongoing. A study could take up to two years. ETP has asked U.S. District Judge James Boasberg (BOHZ’-burg) to block the study until he rules on whether ETP already has the necessary permission for construction from the Army Corps of Engineers. The Corps says it doesn’t. Boasberg will consider ETP’s request during a Wednesday afternoon hearing. Meanwhile, the number of arrests related to protests over construction of the pipeline in North Dakota has surpassed 600. The Morton County Sheriff’s Office says 16 people were arrested Monday and Tuesday in confrontations with police near the protesters’ main encampment near the Standing Rock Sioux Reservation. That pushed the number of arrests since August to 603. GERMANY-VOLKSWAGEN VW will appeal court order to buy back customer’s diesel car BERLIN (AP) — Volkswagen says it will appeal against a court’s decision that it should buy back a German customer’s diesel car. Nicolai Laude, a VW spokesman, said Wednesday that the company expects the Hildesheim verdict to be overturned. VW noted that other courts had reached opposite decisions in previous cases. In its verdict Tuesday, the Hildesheim regional court ruled that the plaintiff was entitled to receive the full purchase price of 26,499 euros ($28,312) which he’d paid for a Skoda Yeti 2.0 TDI in 2013. If upheld, that could be a costly precedent for the automaker. The judges said the automaker had acted “indecently,” and compared Volkswagen’s deceit to past cases of vintners mixing antifreeze in wine or companies putting horse meat in lasagna. BRITAIN-BREXIT British Supreme Court to rule on Brexit Tuesday LONDON (AP) — Britain’s Supreme Court says it will give its highly anticipated judgment in a legal battle over Brexit next week. Britain’s highest court will deliver its judgment on Jan. 24 on whether Prime Minister Theresa May can formally begin the process of leaving the European Union without Parliament’s approval. The High Court decided in November that May did not have the authority to use so-called “prerogative powers” to trigger Article 50 of the Lisbon Treaty — the formal procedure to begin exit talks — without Parliament having a say. The government is asking 11 Supreme Court judges to overturn that decision. RINGLING BROS-FINAL SHOW Final Ringling Bros. show at Nassau Coliseum sells out (Information in the following story is from: Newsday, http://www.newsday.com) UNIONDALE, N.Y. (AP) — Officials with Ringling Bros. and Barnum & Bailey say the iconic traveling circus’ final show at the newly renovated Nassau Veterans Memorial Coliseum on Long Island is sold out. An announcement was made last week that the “Greatest Show on Earth” would be shutting down this spring after touring for nearly 150 years. The circus will be at the arena in Uniondale for 16 performances from May 12-21. Newsday reports (http://nwsdy.li/2iHnXtc) that seats normally going for $23.75 in the venue’s upper level and $191.75 in the lower level are priced on the secondary market at $245 and $2,000, respectively, for the circus’ last show. Officials with Feld Entertainment, the producer of Ringling Bros. and Barnum & Bailey, say declining ticket sales coupled with high operating costs made the circus an unsustainable business. 7-ELEVEN-BREAKFAST PIZZA Coffee and a slice? 7-Eleven launches breakfast pizza IRVING, Texas (AP) — 7-Eleven is offering a breakfast pizza. The convenience store chain says that it combines the convenience of eating leftover pizza for the first meal of the day with traditional breakfast foods. The chain announced the creation Tuesday. It has a biscuit crust topped with bacon, sausage, ham, scrambled eggs, cheese and cream gravy. 7-Eleven vice president Nancy Smith bills it as “a hearty option for customers craving a warm breakfast.” The Irving, Texas-based company says hot pizza has become one of its biggest ready-to-eat sellers, and mornings are the busiest time of day in its stores. During test runs, 7-Eleven says the breakfast pizza became its second-most popular pizza with customers. Topics: Business News Defense Government News Leave A Comment Home » The Associated Press » Government News » Update on the latest business Partners FEDERAL INSIGHTS The Associated Press Government News U.S. News Business News World News Technology News Entertainment News Sports News Fed Photo of the Day Photos of the amazing, moving, important and amusing things happening in the federal community. Today In History 1975: Senate investigates FBI, CIA activities A daily update of important moments in the history of the U.S. government. Recommended VA officially exempts some health, contracting professionals from hiring freeze Top Story OMB releases initial hiring freeze guidance for agencies Hiring/Retention Official: Trump wants to slash EPA workforce, budget Workforce Under Trump, federal employees fear fewer resources to do their jobs Exclusive Troop increase, hiring freeze could pose problems for military families Defense Email Alerts RSS Feeds News Team Careers Contact Us About Us WTOP Federal Marketing Insights Hubbard Radio Podcast DC Advertise Partners & Events Press Releases Media Kit Radio Shows Sports Copyright © 2016 by Federal News Radio. All rights reserved. Terms of Use Copyright/Usage Policy DMCA Notice Privacy Policy Comment Policy EEO Report FCC Online Public Inspection File
Sections Sections Top Stories Watch U.S. World Politics Lifestyle Entertainment Health Tech Investigative Sports Weather Shows Shows Good Morning America World News Tonight Nightline 20/20 This Week Live Live Live Look at the Capital Building in Washington D.C RADAR: Storms Move East Skiers Hit the Slopes in Copper Mountain, Colo. Live Look at the Surf From Ocean Beach in California Beluga Whale Tank at the Georgia Aquarium Kittens Play on the ‘Dorm Cam’ in Los Angeles Bald Eagle Tends to Her Chick in Fort Myers, Fla. Live Look at the Atlantic Coast in Gloucester, Mass. From Bass Rocks Ocean Inn Local Local New York City Los Angeles Chicago Philadelphia San Francisco - Oakland - San Jose Houston Durham - Raleigh - Fayetteville Fresno More abc.com espn.com fivethirtyeight.com disney.com theundefeated.com Privacy Policy Your CA Privacy Rights Children's Online Privacy Policy Interest-Based Ads Terms of Use Contact Us Yahoo!-ABC News Network | © 2017 ABC News Internet Ventures. All rights reserved. Search Menu ABC News Log In U.S. World Politics Lifestyle Entertainment Health … … Entertainment Health Tech Investigative Sports Weather More ABCNews Cities Cities New York City New York City Los Angeles Los Angeles Chicago Chicago Philadelphia Philadelphia San Francisco - Oakland - San Jose San Francisco - Oakland - San Jose Houston Houston Durham - Raleigh - Fayetteville Durham - Raleigh - Fayetteville Fresno Fresno Partner Sites Partner Sites abc.com abc.com espn.com espn.com fivethirtyeight.com fivethirtyeight.com disney.com disney.com theundefeated.com theundefeated.com Privacy PolicyPrivacy Policy Your CA Privacy RightsYour CA Privacy Rights Children's Online Privacy PolicyChildren's Online Privacy Policy Interest-Based AdsInterest-Based Ads Terms of UseTerms of Use Contact UsContact Us Yahoo!-ABC News Network | © 2017 ABC News Internet Ventures. All rights reserved. Shows Good Morning America Good Morning America World News Tonight World News Tonight Nightline Nightline 20/20 20/20 This Week This Week Live Watch JPMorgan Settles Mortgage Discrimination Lawsuit By ken sweet and larry neumeister the associated press NEW YORK  Jan 18, 2017, 6:34 PM ET 0 Shares Email Star 0 Shares Email JPMorgan Chase will pay $55 million to settle federal charges that independent brokers working for the bank discriminated against minorities seeking home mortgages during the housing crisis. While the settlement is not a big financial dent to the giant bank, the cases illustrate the depth of the mortgage quagmire that has trailed the financial sector for a decade. A federal suit filed in Manhattan Wednesday accused JPMorgan Chase & Co. of charging black and Hispanic borrowers higher interest rates and fees for mortgages from 2006 to at least 2009, causing them to pay an average of an extra thousand dollars. The lawsuit alleges that discrimination cost at least 53,000 minority borrowers tens of millions in higher interest payments and fees, in violation of the Fair Housing Act. The lawsuit said Chase originated about 260,000 wholesale mortgage loans during those years, with 40,000 of the loans going to black applicants and another 66,000 going to Hispanic borrowers. It said the pricing discretion was not based on borrower risk. The New York bank denied wrongdoing and shifted the blame. "We've agreed to settle these legacy allegations that relate to pricing set by independent brokers," said JPMorgan spokeswoman Elizabeth Seymour. "We deny any wrongdoing and remain committed to providing equal access to credit." While JPMorgan said those involved were independent brokers working under contract for the bank, federal prosecutors said that Chase maintained ultimate control and was "directly and extensively involved" in setting up the deals. "Chase could have, but failed, to better monitor its wholesale brokers to discourage discrimination against borrowers based on race or national origin," the lawsuit said. Meanwhile, the Labor Department on Wednesday said it is suing JPMorgan Chase for discriminating against female workers. The agency said that it found that at least 93 female workers in an investment-bank division earned less than comparable men in the same jobs since at least May 2012. JPMorgan said it tried to work with the agency and was disappointed that it filed the complaint. ———— Ken Sweet covers banks and consumer financial issues for The Associated Press. Follow him on Twitter at @kensweet. 0 Shares Email Star Comments JPMorgan Settles Mortgage Discrimination Lawsuit " Trump Orders Suspension of All Refugees, Immigrants From Some Muslim Nations " Trump Called National Park Service Upset Over Inauguration Crowd Retweet " Vice President Mike Pence Tells March for Life: 'Life Is Winning Again in America' " Seasonal Flu Reaches Epidemic Levels in US " Trump Says He'll Let Defense Secretary 'Override' Him on Torture After New Rape Lawsuit, Baylor Says Made 'Great Progress' " Trump, Mexico's President Speak by Phone " Putin Consults His Security Council Before Talking to Trump " Mumps Outbreak Worsens in Washington State " Army Veteran, Double-Amputee Finds New Battlefield in DC " Georgia Town Leaders Apologize for 1940 Lynching " In Iowa, Trump Voters Cheer Changes, Dismiss Petty Fights " Ivanka Trump's Son Crawls for First Time in White House " Holocaust Site Spurs Questions on Young Germans' Changing Views " How Trump's Memorandum Could Boost Military Readiness " Philadelphia Mayor: Trump's Remarks an 'Insult' to Police " New Trump Agency Memo Gags Staff Communications, Democrats Say " Little Girl Befriends Baby Cow Who Lost Its Mom " NASA Opens Exhibit on 50th Anniversary of Apollo 1 Fire " FBI Offers Up to $10K Reward for Information in Murder of ABC Chicago Producer in Belize " 'Hamilton' Actors to Sing 'America the Beautiful' at Super Bowl LI " Inside Taylor Swift's $25 Million Beverly Hills Mansion " 'Bear' the Dog Hoping to Find a New Forever Home
This website requires Javascript to run correctly. Click here for help enabling it The New Zealand Herald 4:14pm Sat 28 January Network   ° 0 / ° 0   Loading… Help & Support The New Zealand Herald Bay of Plenty Times Hawke's Bay Today The Rotorua Daily Post The Northern Advocate Wanganui Chronicle Manawatu Guardian Kapiti News Hamilton News The Aucklander The Northland Age Stratford Press Herald Rugby Viva Dream Team Bite True Commercial Newspix Driven The Country Chinese NZ Herald nzherald.co.nz submit Navigation Home National National Insights NZ Herald Focus Education Crime Environment Politics Weather Opinion Maori Employment Quizzes Health Local Focus Opinion Opinion Financial Your Views Media Blogs Cartoons Living in NZ Editorial Travel Political Business Business Personal Finance Small Business Work Life Around NZ Our Experts Economy Deloitte 200 Industries Toolbox Property Tech Tech ICT News Internet Science Computers Wired Mobile Space Gadgets Innovation World World South America Videos Europe Climate Middle East Australia Africa Pacific Disasters Asia Strange but True USA Photos Sport Sport Golf Rugby Boxing Cricket Motorsport League Racing Football More Sport Basketball Live Scores Tennis Dream Team Entertainment Entertainment Music Spy Games Celebrity Culture Reviews What's on Video Sideswipe TV Puzzles Movies Horoscope Lifestyle Lifestyle Parenting Health & Wellbeing Design & Garden Food & Drink Viva Fashion & Beauty Canvas Relationships Pets & Animals Travel Travel International New Zealand Cruises NZ Walks Tips Australia Accommodation Pacific Discover America Rural Motoring Motoring Driven Property Property Residential Property Herald Homes True Commercial Classifieds Classifieds Public Notices True Commercial Businesses for Sale Motoring Sub Navigation Business Small Business Around NZ Economy Global Trade Retail Trade Industries Property Property News Businesses for Sale Herald Commercial Property Personal Finance Work Life Our Experts Deloitte 200 Toolbox JPMorgan settles mortgage discrimination lawsuit 12:40 PM Thursday Jan 19, 2017 SHARE: Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Not saved Email Print World NEW YORK (AP) " JPMorgan Chase will pay $55 million to settle federal charges that independent brokers working for the bank discriminated against minorities seeking home mortgages during the housing crisis. While the settlement is not a big financial dent to the giant bank, the cases illustrate the depth of the mortgage quagmire that has trailed the financial sector for a decade. A federal suit filed in Manhattan Wednesday accused JPMorgan Chase & Co. of charging black and Hispanic borrowers higher interest rates and fees for mortgages from 2006 to at least 2009, causing them to pay an average of an extra thousand dollars. The lawsuit alleges that discrimination cost at least 53,000 minority borrowers tens of millions in higher interest payments and fees, in violation of the Fair Housing Act. The lawsuit said Chase originated about 260,000 wholesale mortgage loans during those years, with 40,000 of the loans going to black applicants and another 66,000 going to Hispanic borrowers. It said the pricing discretion was not based on borrower risk. The New York bank denied wrongdoing and shifted the blame. "We've agreed to settle these legacy allegations that relate to pricing set by independent brokers," said JPMorgan spokeswoman Elizabeth Seymour. "We deny any wrongdoing and remain committed to providing equal access to credit." While JPMorgan said those involved were independent brokers working under contract for the bank, federal prosecutors said that Chase maintained ultimate control and was "directly and extensively involved" in setting up the deals. "Chase could have, but failed, to better monitor its wholesale brokers to discourage discrimination against borrowers based on race or national origin," the lawsuit said. Meanwhile, the Labor Department on Wednesday said it is suing JPMorgan Chase for discriminating against female workers. The agency said that it found that at least 93 female workers in an investment-bank division earned less than comparable men in the same jobs since at least May 2012. JPMorgan said it tried to work with the agency and was disappointed that it filed the complaint. ____ Ken Sweet covers banks and consumer financial issues for The Associated Press. Follow him on Twitter at @kensweet. AP This story has been automatically published from the Associated Press wire which uses US spellings Email Print Get the news delivered straight to your inbox Receive the day’s news, sport and entertainment in our daily email newsletter SIGN UP NOW Loading Currency Compare and convert world currencies. Discover more Loading Loading Herald Services Book your ad Driven Photos for sale True Commercial Death Notices Public Notices Our Regional News Stories The Northern Advocate Salt declares premises totally smoke-free Another Northland cafe has gone smokefree, earning an award for its health focus. Salt… Hawke's Bay Today Mike Williams: Every Bay visit gives more reasons to return I visited Hawke's Bay last week to see a sick relative who's part way through a pretty… Bay of Plenty Times Annual Woodhill classic this weekend The focus goes on Woodville this weekend as New Zealand's elite motocross racers contest… Our Features' Top Stories Driven Bob McMurray: Tough at the bottom of F1 food chain Manor Racing Formula 1 team’s future balances on a knife-edge. Viva The Chinese digital influencers you should be following Celebrate Chinese New Year and follow these social media sensations for some stylish… True Commercial Millennium Centre syndication heats up Auckland’s premier business parks — the Millennium Business Centre. More from us Social and Platforms Facebook Twitter Google+ Youtube Instagram RSS Email Mobile Contact the site Contact the newsroom - newspaper Contact the newsroom - digital Send pics, video and tips Help & Support Feedback Advertising Advertise with NZME. Print advertising Online Classified advertising Other Photo sales Subscriber services Promotions Sponsorship About us Our publications Search Legal Privacy Policy Terms of Use Competition Terms & Conditions View on our: Mobile Site © Copyright 2017, NZME. Publishing Limited Assembled by: (static) on production bpcf05 at 28 Jan 2017 16:14:25 Processing Time: 460ms
Subscribe Login Slight chance of snow / Tonight's low: 26° The Gazette 2014 Pulitzer Prize Winner News Sports Business Politics Opinion Life A&E Obits Shopping About Us Popular Top Local News U.S. & World Crime & Justice Weather Graduations Closings & Delays Military Education Colorado Politics Special Interest Fire & Environment Marijuana Traffic The Cheyenne Edition The Woodmen Edition Submit a news tip White House assures Colorado that EPA grants moving forward, despite Trump directive Driver cited in 9-year-old pedestrian's death in Colorado Springs was on probation for DUI Archives Subscriber Benefits Search Subscriber Services Account Center Archives Carrier Portal Buy Our Photos Advertising SpringsCoupons.com Place An Ad About Us Contact Us About The Gazette Employment Opportunities Copyright Information Reprint Information Google Survey FAQ Gazette Charities Become a Carrier Report an Issue Subscriber Services Account Center Archives Carrier Portal Buy Our Photos Online News e-Edition Newsletters Mobile Apps Popular Top Sports Stories Olympics David Ramsey Paul Klee Woody Paige Brent Briggeman Blog Joe Paisley Blog Paul Klee Blog Pro Teams Broncos Avalanche Rockies Sky Sox Switchbacks FC Nuggets College Teams Air Force Academy Colorado College UCCS Preps Coverage Preps Peak Performers Preps Game of the Week LIVE BLOG: No. 12 North Dakota at Colorado College hockey report Popular Top Business Stories Economic Indicators Movers & Shakers Get a Job Monday Ted Rayburn Resources Leading Lawyers Leading Medical Professionals Trio of new hotels coming to Colorado Springs Rural Colorado is most at risk in Trump trade war with Mexico Popular Top Life Stories Out There Travel Home & Garden Food Health Faith & Values Parenting Around Town My Colorado Pets Advertising Special Sections OutThereColorado.com Nonprofit News Think Pink Celebrate Pulse Heart Health Month Stroke Awareness Month Business Spotlight The Broadmoor hires prestigious chef to oversee property restaurants Colorado mountain man carves niche measuring snow Popular GO! Top Entertainment ColoradoSprings.com Best of the Springs Dining & Drink Restaurant Reviews Discover Guide Cinema Guide Pop Culture Beer Map Fun Comics/Puzzles Horoscopes Celebs TV Red Rocks announces 2017 concert schedule Five noteworthy concerts coming to Colorado Springs in 2017 Popular Top Editorials Guest Editorial Letters to the Editor Submit a Letter Contact Elected Officials Blogs Popular Top Politics Election 2016 Local/County State Colorado Politics Photos Top Images The Latest Best of Local Best of Sports Videos Top Videos Best of Local Best of Sports Best of Life Best of Military Features Government Videos A&E Videos Blogs Business Spotlight Eric Singer Protesters want to legally drive on Colorado roads The Gazettes Jen Mulson talks with KKTV about this weeks go. Obits Latest Obituaries Death Notices Place an obituary Place a death notice Deals Circulars Jobs Deal of the Day Real Estate Garage Sales Shop for Cars Legal Notices Classifieds Merchandise Dogs Rentals Service Directory Springs Coupons Various/Misc. Post an ad Toggle navigation Home Account Login Register Search Google Survey FAQ Contact Us Contact Contact Us Become a Carrier Carrier Portal Employment Opportunities Report an Issue Mobile Apps Archives Subscriber Benefits News Local News Local News Top Local headlines Crime & Justice Government Elections Military Education Fire & Environment Marijuana Traffic Closings & Delays Submit a News Tip U.S. & World U.S. & World Sports Sports Top Sports Headlines David Ramsey Paul Klee Broncos Peyton Manning Nuggets Avs Rockies Sky Sox Switchbacks FC Air Force Academy Colorado College Olympics Preps OutThere Colorado Business Business Top Business Headlines Local Stocks Wall Street Journal Economic Indicators Opinion Opinion Top Editorial Guest Editorial Submit a Letter Contact Elected Officials Life Life Top Life Headlines OutThere Colorado Travel Home & Garden Dining & Drink Beer Map Food Health Faith & Values Parenting My Colorado Around Town Pets A&E A&E Top A&E Headlines Entertainment Best of the Springs Discover Guide ColoradoSprings.com Cinema Guide Celebrity News T.V. Comics & Puzzles Horoscopes Colorado Politics Video & Photo Top Videos Videos News Videos Sports Videos Life Videos Military Videos Government Videos A&E Videos Business Spotlight Eric Singer Top Photos Photos View Photos Buy Photos Most Recent Videos Obits Latest Obituaries Death Notices Place an obituary Place a death notice Coupons and Deals Deal of the Day Circulars Springs Coupons Marketplace Jobs Homes Cars Classifieds Classifieds Garage Sales Legal Notices Merchandise Real Estate Rentals Service Directory Various/Misc. Post an ad Colorado Springs News, Sports & Business | Colorado Springs Gazette, News Breaking News Woman fights off attacker in attempted sexual assault at South Colorado Springs apartments News: Local News Great Wolf Lodge launches water park and family resort in Colorado Springs Fri, Jan 27, 2017 - 5:48 PM 0 Mayor John Suthers was in Pittsburgh a few months ago at a municipal officials conference when attendees saw his "Colorado Springs" name tag and volunteered... Lindsey Vonn avoids more serious injury in downhill training crash Fri, Jan 27, 2017 - 12:42 PM 0 CORTINA D'AMPEZZO, Italy — Lindsey Vonn avoided more serious injury when she fell and crashed into the safety netting during a World Cup downhill training session Friday.... Lindsey Vonn claims 77th World Cup win, now nine behind all-time record News: Local News Colorado Springs schools, police on alert after two attempted kidnappings Fri, Jan 27, 2017 - 5:02 PM Two attempted abductions of teens in the last week have law enforcement and areas schools on alert. "It's not common for us to even have an attempted... Early morning fire heavily damages historic Old Colorado City park's band shell Fri, Jan 27, 2017 - 7:43 PM 0 The historic band shell in Old Colorado City's Bancroft Park, a popular spot for summer... CEO David Dahlin's role to be terminated at Colorado Springs Fine Arts Center Fri, Jan 27, 2017 - 5:16 PM 0 When Colorado College assumes full operational management of the Fine Arts Center on July 1 one... Latest Local A large Colorado congregation just became LGBT-inclusive. Here’s why it matters (COMMENTARY) By: Jonathan Merritt, RNS - 58 min ago Woman fights off attacker in attempted sexual assault at South Colorado Springs apartments By: Gazette staff - 1 hr ago 35 St. Mary's High School students take part in anti-abortion march in D.C. By: Matt Steiner - 1 hr ago Colorado Springs councilwoman raises questions about 'secretive' lobbying group By: Billie Stanton Anleu - 1 hr ago Police: Parents face possible child abuse charges after two kids found in car outside bar By: Kaitlin Durbin - 1 hr ago Smoke visible from slash pile burn in San Isabel National Forest By: Ellie Mulder - 1 hr ago Fountain police warn of man posing as utility worker By: Kaitlin Durbin - 1 hr ago Top Stories Trump orders strict new refugee screening, citing terrorists By: JULIE PACE, AP White House Correspondent - 2 hr ago First human-pig embryos made, then destroyed By: Susan Scutti, CNN - 3 hr ago Ex-N.C. State basketball star Charles Shackleford found dead at age 50 By: The Associated Press - 4 hr ago Sweet tooth leads Bryce VanHorn to Colorado College hockey By: Joe Paisley - 5 hr ago Must See Must Do: Toss a fruitcake, head to girls night out and listen to war music this weekend By: Linda Navarro - 5 hr ago Pastors’ views on social issues? Americans not interested By: Emily McFarlan Miller, RNS - 6 hr ago Colorado football assistant coach resigns amid assault allegations By: The Associated Press - 6 hr ago <p>Your browser does not support IFrame Embeds, please update your browser to view this gallery</p> Photo Galleries 15 festivals coming to the Colorado Springs area in 2017 Fandemonium Liberty vs. Doherty girls basketball Doherty vs. Liberty girls basketball Sand Creek and Vista Ridge Boys Basketball Fandemonium Vista Ridge and Sand Creek Basketball Mary Tyler Moore through the years Fandemonium Sierra 65, Mesa Ridge 64 A Look Back National School Choice Week rally Colorado Springs Metro Wrestling Championships Colorado Springs Women's March Women's March fills downtown Denver Women's Marches descend on Washington, D.C. and around the world Inauguration of Donald Trump 9 best places for margaritas around Colorado Springs Sierra vs. TCA Boys Basketball Doherty 89 defeats Rampart 87 in OT A Look Back Martin Luther King Jr. Day celebrations around Colorado Springs Peak Performers 2016-17 St. Mary's 59, Manitou Springs 41 Air Force, Canisius tie 2-2 in hockey Air Force falls short against San Jose State Sierra 57, Canon City 42 Nebraska-Omaha 5, Colorado College 2 School Award Celebration Mesa Ridge 75, Widefield 70 Boys Basketball Introducing ColoradoPolitics.com, driving the state's political conversation every day Latest Local 1 hr ago A large Colorado congregation just became LGBT-inclusive. Here’s why it matters (COMMENTARY) 1 hr ago Woman fights off attacker in attempted sexual assault at South Colorado Springs apartments 1 hr ago 35 St. Mary's High School students take part in anti-abortion march in D.C. 1 hr ago Colorado Springs councilwoman raises questions about 'secretive' lobbying group 1 hr ago Police: Parents face possible child abuse charges after two kids found in car outside bar 1 hr ago Smoke visible from slash pile burn in San Isabel National Forest 1 hr ago Fountain police warn of man posing as utility worker Most Read Protesters, Breitbart editor have their say as UCCS plays host to free speech Fire at Colorado Springs park leaves outdoor stage badly damaged Rural Colorado is most at risk in Trump trade war with Mexico Trio of new hotels coming to Colorado Springs San Diego Coroner: CorePower Yoga founder's death ruled accidental Man wounded at Colorado Springs auto lot where burglar was killed in 2009 make my day shooting Leader of Fort Carson's most valorous deployment set to lead the Mountain Post The Doomsday Clock just advanced: It’s now just 2 ½ half minutes to ‘midnight.’ Colorado Springs councilwoman raises questions about 'secretive' lobbying group Police: Burger King workers sold marijuana at drive-thru Sports 4 hr ago Thursday's prep roundup: St. Mary's snaps 10-game skid in boys' basketball 4 hr ago Super Bowl Trivia: 10 questions about the Super Bowl 4 hr ago United Soccer League announces first two Colorado Springs Switchbacks games 5 hr ago Sweet tooth leads Bryce VanHorn to Colorado College hockey 6 hr ago Colorado football assistant coach resigns amid assault allegations 10 hr ago UFC's Nate Marquardt likes the way he's been battling 11 hr ago David Ramsey: Air Force, Navy, Army soaring together at football heights not seen since 1958 Business 47 min ago California clears hurdle for cancer warning label on Roundup 1 hr ago Tests: Maintenance workers killed by train were on drugs 1 hr ago Feds: Arrests in scam banking on 'Hamilton,' Adele shows 3 hr ago Ryan sidesteps Trump's goal of health coverage for all Fri, Jan 27, 2017 Nevada aerospace contractor plans maintenance hangar at Colorado Springs Airport 4 hr ago American Airlines matches Wall Street forecast for 4Q profit 4 hr ago What's at stake in Trump's push to rewrite or abandon NAFTA Opinion 12 hr ago EDITORIAL: Tariff means Americans pay for the wall 13 hr ago LETTERS: Hard to just get on board; Trump voters are the people too Yesterday EDITORIAL: Why? Trump ignites ridiculous conflicts Yesterday LETTERS: No more Good Times car show; great photo collection Thu, Jan 26, 2017 GUEST COLUMN: Celebrating School Choice Wed, Jan 25, 2017 LETTERS: Success in our schools; let it go, move on Wed, Jan 25, 2017 EDITORIAL: Trump's executive orders should get economy growing Around the Web 2 hr ago Businessman attacked Muslim airline worker, said Trump "will get rid of all of you" 3 hr ago First human-pig embryos made, then destroyed 4 hr ago Ex-N.C. State basketball star Charles Shackleford found dead at age 50 5 hr ago Missing panda is probably still on zoo grounds 8 hr ago 50 years ago, three astronauts died in the Apollo 1 fire 12 hr ago Police: Burger King workers sold marijuana at drive-thru 13 hr ago Horse left behind in Wyoming wilderness survives for 6 weeks Latest Videos Protesters want to legally drive on Colorado roads The Gazettes Jen Mulson talks with KKTV about this weeks go. Great Wolf Lodge Colorado Springs is a howling good time! Pikes Peak region forecast Milo supporters and protesters separated by Colorado Springs Police AP Analysis: Building Trump's Wall Iconic television star Mary Tyler Moore has died Colorado Springs chosen to host start of Colorado Classic WH: Trump Voter Fraud Claims Based on 'Evidence' Gov. Jerry Brown Hits Trump in Annual Address Must See Must Do Weekend Fun List for Colorado Springs Colorado Politics: New president, new help for Colorado roads? Sports Latest Sports Super Bowl Trivia: 10 questions about the Super Bowl4 hr ago Thursday's prep roundup: St. Mary's snaps 10-game skid in boys' basketball4 hr ago United Soccer League announces first two Colorado Springs Switchbacks games4 hr ago Sweet tooth leads Bryce VanHorn to Colorado College hockey5 hr ago Broncos Video shows Broncos' Aqib Talib after June 2016 shooting in Dallas23 hr ago Cab driver praises John Elway, then learns he's driving himTue, Jan 24, 2017 John Elway, Tony Romo photographed together, only adding to QB rumorsTue, Jan 24, 2017 Broncos hire Toub's assistant to coach special teamsMon, Jan 23, 2017 Photo Galleries Fandemonium Liberty vs. Doherty girls basketball Doherty vs. Liberty girls basketball Sand Creek and Vista Ridge Boys Basketball Fandemonium Vista Ridge and Sand Creek Basketball Fandemonium Sierra 65, Mesa Ridge 64 Colorado Springs Metro Wrestling Championships Sierra vs. TCA Boys Basketball Doherty 89 defeats Rampart 87 in OT Peak Performers 2016-17 St. Mary's 59, Manitou Springs 41 Air Force, Canisius tie 2-2 in hockey Air Force falls short against San Jose State Sierra 57, Canon City 42 Nebraska-Omaha 5, Colorado College 2 Opinion Gazette Editorials EDITORIAL: Tariff means Americans pay for the wall12 hr ago EDITORIAL: Why? Trump ignites ridiculous conflictsYesterday EDITORIAL: Trump's executive orders should get economy growingWed, Jan 25, 2017 EDITORIAL: Let tourists pay for tourism assetsTue, Jan 24, 2017 Letters to the Editor LETTERS: Hard to just get on board; Trump voters are the people too13 hr ago LETTERS: Release all the test results; an all-powerful agencyYesterday LETTERS: No more Good Times car show; great photo collectionYesterday LETTERS: Success in our schools; let it go, move onWed, Jan 25, 2017 Columns GUEST COLUMN: Celebrating School ChoiceThu, Jan 26, 2017 GUEST COLUMN: The state of Colorado agricultureMon, Jan 23, 2017 GUEST COLUMN: School choice expands educational freedom and opportunitySun, Jan 22, 2017 GUEST COLUMN: A chance to improve American educationSat, Jan 21, 2017 Local News Local News A large Colorado congregation just became LGBT-inclusive. Here’s why it matters (COMMENTARY)1 hr ago 35 St. Mary's High School students take part in anti-abortion march in D.C.1 hr ago Colorado Springs councilwoman raises questions about 'secretive' lobbying group1 hr ago Smoke visible from slash pile burn in San Isabel National Forest1 hr ago Local and State Politics Colorado Springs councilwoman raises questions about 'secretive' lobbying group1 hr ago Commentary: After Gold King spill, EPA didn't communicate enough, now ordered to not communicate at all6 hr ago Colorado considers ending longtime switchblade knife ban6 hr ago VA says new Denver hospital to be exempt from hiring freeze6 hr ago Local Business Trio of new hotels coming to Colorado Springs6 hr ago Rural Colorado is most at risk in Trump trade war with Mexico7 hr ago Monument roofing contractor faces theft charge amid reports of nearly $100,000 in lost deposits, paymentsYesterday Closing the gap: Colorado Springs Olympic Museum now $6.5 million short of funding goalWed, Jan 25, 2017 More Top Reads Nation and World Israelis seek to comfort Holocaust's loneliest survivors2 hr ago Trump's immigration curbs no surprise, those affected say17 min ago Puerto Rico celebrates new Hall of Famer Ivan Rodriguez3 hr ago Colorado considers ending longtime switchblade knife ban3 hr ago Military VA says new Denver hospital to be exempt from hiring freeze6 hr ago Pentagon orders cost reviews of F-35 fighter, Air Force One6 hr ago Draft executive order shows how Trump wants to grow the U.S. military significantly10 hr ago AP source: Border Patrol chief says he's been forced outYesterday Blogs LIVE BLOG: No. 12 North Dakota at Colorado College hockey pregame report54 min ago ‘Stranger Things’ cast members coming to Denver Comic Con7 hr ago TV Talk - New MTV reality series is ‘Survivor’ with a twistYesterday Air Force AD’s son commits to Falcons hockeyYesterday Crime and Justice Local Crime Woman fights off attacker in attempted sexual assault at South Colorado Springs apartments1 hr ago Police: Parents face possible child abuse charges after two kids found in car outside bar1 hr ago Fountain police warn of man posing as utility worker1 hr ago Road rage incident with gun briefly locks down two schools5 hr ago National Crime Police: Burger King workers sold marijuana at drive-thru12 hr ago Authorities link 5 killings from 1980s to dead inmateYesterday Florida woman accused of throwing tampon at police officerYesterday Woman nearly carjacked after stopping for dummy in roadWed, Jan 25, 2017 Life Life When you make your own granola, it can be exactly what you want it to be9 hr ago There are Girl Scout cookies we'll always love - and then there are the other ones13 hr ago Colorado Springs area volunteer opportunities starting Jan. 27, 2017Fri, Jan 27, 2017 Colorado Springs area religious events starting Jan. 29, 2017Fri, Jan 27, 2017 Arts and Entertainment Fire at Colorado Springs park leaves outdoor stage badly damaged26 min ago Pikes Pick: Pop-up event features craft beer and artisan cheeses and chocolates1 hr ago Colorado Springs area art events starting Jan. 26, 20171 hr ago Manitou's Great Fruitcake Toss set for Saturday5 hr ago Religion A large Colorado congregation just became LGBT-inclusive. Here’s why it matters (COMMENTARY)1 hr ago March for Life buoyant over Trump’s anti-abortion promises1 hr ago Trump statement on Holocaust remembrance does not mention Jews1 hr ago Trump signs executive order to keep ‘Islamic terrorists’ out of US1 hr ago National National Politics Rauner criticizes request to halt state worker paychecks2 hr ago Commentary: After Gold King spill, EPA didn't communicate enough, now ordered to not communicate at all6 hr ago Report: President Trump called park official to dispute crowd photos7 hr ago Rural Colorado is most at risk in Trump trade war with Mexico7 hr ago National Business California clears hurdle for cancer warning label on Roundup43 min ago Tests: Maintenance workers killed by train were on drugs1 hr ago Feds: Arrests in scam banking on 'Hamilton,' Adele shows1 hr ago Ryan sidesteps Trump's goal of health coverage for all3 hr ago Get the Newsletter The latest breaking news, delivered straight to your email! Subscribe Get a Subscription Access all of our premium content, get unlimited digital access and more! Subscribe Follow our Facebook Get real time news updates Follow × Login Required You must be logged in to post a comment. If you already have an account, login here: Login New user? Register Now Advertising SpringsCoupons.com Place An Ad About Us Contact Us About The Gazette Work For Us Copyright Information Reprint Information Google Survey FAQ Gazette Charities Become a Carrier Subscriber Services Subscriber Services Archives Carrier Portal Buy Our Photos Online News e-Edition Newsletters Mobile Apps Gazette.com Coloradosprings.com Gazettepreps.com Best of the Springs My Colorado OutThereColorado.com Privacy Policy Terms of Service © 2017 Produced by Colorado Springs Gazette
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad JPMorgan settles mortgage discrimination lawsuit By Associated Press Published: 18:36 EST, 18 January 2017 | Updated: 18:36 EST, 18 January 2017 e-mail NEW YORK (AP) — JPMorgan Chase will pay $55 million to settle federal charges that independent brokers working for the bank discriminated against minorities seeking home mortgages during the housing crisis. While the settlement is not a big financial dent to the giant bank, the cases illustrate the depth of the mortgage quagmire that has trailed the financial sector for a decade. A federal suit filed in Manhattan Wednesday accused JPMorgan Chase & Co. of charging black and Hispanic borrowers higher interest rates and fees for mortgages from 2006 to at least 2009, causing them to pay an average of an extra thousand dollars. The lawsuit alleges that discrimination cost at least 53,000 minority borrowers tens of millions in higher interest payments and fees, in violation of the Fair Housing Act. FILE - In this Monday, Oct. 21, 2013, file photo, the JPMorgan Chase & Co. logo is displayed at their headquarters in New York. On Wednesday, Jan. 18, 2017, it was announced that JPMorgan Chase settled charges that independent brokers working for the bank discriminated against black and Hispanics customers seeking home mortgages. While the $55 million settlement is not a big financial dent to the giant bank, the cases emerged from the housing crisis, illustrating the depth of the quagmire that has trailed banks for a decade. (AP Photo/Seth Wenig, File) The lawsuit said Chase originated about 260,000 wholesale mortgage loans during those years, with 40,000 of the loans going to black applicants and another 66,000 going to Hispanic borrowers. It said the pricing discretion was not based on borrower risk. The New York bank denied wrongdoing and shifted the blame. "We've agreed to settle these legacy allegations that relate to pricing set by independent brokers," said JPMorgan spokeswoman Elizabeth Seymour. "We deny any wrongdoing and remain committed to providing equal access to credit." While JPMorgan said those involved were independent brokers working under contract for the bank, federal prosecutors said that Chase maintained ultimate control and was "directly and extensively involved" in setting up the deals. "Chase could have, but failed, to better monitor its wholesale brokers to discourage discrimination against borrowers based on race or national origin," the lawsuit said. Meanwhile, the Labor Department on Wednesday said it is suing JPMorgan Chase for discriminating against female workers. The agency said that it found that at least 93 female workers in an investment-bank division earned less than comparable men in the same jobs since at least May 2012. JPMorgan said it tried to work with the agency and was disappointed that it filed the complaint. ____ Ken Sweet covers banks and consumer financial issues for The Associated Press. Follow him on Twitter at @kensweet. Share or comment on this article e-mail Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS 'They're getting nasty': Speidi slam Jedward for 'mean' behaviour as they get evicted from Celebrity Big Brother The former Hills stars have got the boot PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Tour of love! Smitten Selena Gomez and The Weeknd can't keep their hands to themselves on romantic trip to Italy Three's a crowd! Charlotte Dawson rocks risqué mini dress as she enjoys date night with beau Matt Sarsfield... and her mother Tracey 'I'm still in shock': Drew Barrymore confesses she's 'not ready' to begin dating...five months after officially divorcing Will Kopelman Bella Hadid looks chic on solo outing in New York... as her ex The Weekend whisks Selena Gomez off to Italy for romantic holiday Shows a brave face Anne Hathaway is movie star chic in all black ensemble with dark shades and bold red lip as she steps out in NYC Ever the A-lister She's clearly a fan! Michelle Rodriguez steps out in a Rolling Stones T-shirt with grey leggings for gym session 'I bet they won't be able to say these things to his face': Katie Price challenges troll who branded disabled son Harvey, 14, a 'c***'... and will take the case to Parliament Is there a CBB baby on the way? Newly evicted Speidi reported to have 'requested a pregnancy test on the show' Housemate 'believed' they are expecting No time for jet lag! Alessandra Ambrosio hits the gym in Victoria's Secret gym gear... just a day after flying from Paris to LA 'What a journey': Michelle Keegan shares glamorous selfies from Tina and Bobby set on Instagram... as the final episode is praised by fans 'He's got depth': Jessica Cunningham gushes about 'charming' Calum Best after they share a sweet smooch before she is evicted from CBB The 'Oh yeah' song from 'Ferris Bueller's Day Off' made its one-hit-wonder writer filthy rich - but he has never even SEEN the movie Made $175million SPOILER ALERT! Wannabe Tanya Lacey attempts to wow the judges with a performance of a Whitney Houston song on The Voice 'It stems from insecurities in her own marriage': Danielle Lloyd takes ANOTHER swipe at Nicola McLean as she calls her behaviour in the CBB house 'really sad' 'I was never cool but I'm having the last laugh': Donny Osmond tells how he resisted drugs, booze and the temptations of Sin City - but not Botox and hair dye Bad hair day! Paula Patton has trouble with her locks after bombshell allegations about Robin Thicke having an affair as she fights for sole custody  CBB's James Jordan takes aims at Bianca Gascoigne and Jamie O'Hara's 'showmance' on Twitter while Jessica Cunningham remains tight-lipped  She's clearly a fan! Michelle Rodriguez steps out in a Rolling Stones T-shirt with grey leggings for gym session Oh Balls! Former MP Ed gets kicked in the FACE onstage by partner Katya Jones during Strictly tour performance in Sheffield Are roo thirsty? Wine-drinking kangaroo stars alongside bikini-clad model Ellie Gonsalves in $5MILLION Super Bowl ad for Australian wine SEBASTIAN SHAKESPEARE: Age-defying Elizabeth Hurley poses for favourite photographer, son Damian, 14, in a £152 blue crystal bikini 'Isn't it the most beautiful thing you've ever seen': Shirtless Jason Dundas hits the Bronte Beach rockpool after flying in from L.A. for David Jones show 'Can't wait for Bali': Bikini-clad Skye Wheatley flaunts pert derrière and MAJOR sideboob as she stands provocatively under a shower 'I was breastfeeding in the interviews': Teresa Palmer praises film industry for being 'so accommodating' as she returns to work just weeks after giving birth  Turning the tables! Sofia Richie rocks pink jacket as she practises photography skills while out and about in LA Took a turn at the other end of the camera  Fragile Megan McKenna lashes out at trolls on Twitter after sharing sultry snaps... following her very public NTAs row with TOWIE beau Pete Wicks It's Freaky Friday! Lindsay Lohan meets with Turkish President Erdogan, his wife and a Syrian girl blogger to discuss 'efforts in helping refugees' Buxom Pamela Anderson,49, rolls back the years as she shows off her famous cleavage in plunging party dress at Paris bash 'It gets so much worse': RHOA's Kandi Burruss hits back at co-star Porsha Williams over threesome and lesbian rumours  'Drinking a lot of beer and eating a lot of cheeseburgers': Matthew McConaughey talks weight gain for new role as he transforms his body AGAIN  Revealed: Carrie Fisher wanted ex-lover and long-time friend Harrison Ford to sing Melancholy Wookiee at her Oscars tribute Great sense of humour Riddle of the ring! Eva Mendes steps out wearing an impressive piece of bling after claims she and Ryan Gosling have secretly wed Stylish jet setter Amal Clooney wears baggy jumper as she touches down in LA in with George amid baby rumours Australia Day USA! Hunky Australian chef Curtis Stone drops by Hollywood Today Live to promote American series of My Kitchen Rules David Foster rejected offer to perform at President Trump's inauguration after taking heat from new girlfriend Christie Brinkley for considering the invite 'See you in one week': Ariana Grande shares sultry mirror selfie to plug upcoming Dangerous Woman tour Posed for a black-and-white mirror selfie Bikini babe Kourtney Kardashian flaunts killer figure in tiny white two-piece as she enjoys family getaway in Costa Rica  Lily Collins flashes her six-pack abs in an exercise bra and low-rise leggings as she leaves gym Spotted after a strenuous work out in Beverly Hills Scott Disick wheedles his way back into the Kardashian clan to join Kourtney in Costa Rica... and posts a saucy snap of her online Home, sweet home! Jon Hamm steps out in sweats to grab an icy drink with a female companion in LA after his latest film premieres at Sundance  Looking booty-ful! Kylie Jenner shows off her bikini body as she poses in the mirror on family trip to Costa Rica It's certainly not the usual family-friendly activity. TOWIE's Kate Wright confirms she is not jetting to Tenerife to film start of the new series... amid rumours of her romance with footballer Rio Ferdinand She's beautiful she even gets prisoners freed from Death Row - and she's engaged! She's the trainee lawyer played by Harry's girl Meghan Markle in Suits Paula Patton claims she found husband Robin Thicke naked in bed with two women, details how he abused her and says he even invited his DRUG DEALER to their son's birthday Former X Factor finalist Lucie Jones breaks down in tears of joy as she's picked to represent the United Kingdom at Eurovision 2017 PICTURED: Selena Gomez and The Weeknd caught holding hands on romantic date at arcade Sometimes playing games is good for a new relationship Fit for a king (or queen)! Pregnant Cheryl and Liam Payne get baby delivery from the Royal Family's favourite pram company Baby's coming soon... PICTURED: Distraught Megan McKenna leaves the NTAs in floods of tears after explosive row with TOWIE boyfriend Pete Wicks Floods of tears Bianca Gascoigne's boyfriend CJ Meeks is left heartbroken as he reads about his love's steamy CBB antics with Jamie O'Hara on MailOnline Model life! Elsa Hosk flashes her bikini body as she poses up a storm at the beach... and posts it all on Instagram Looking hotter than ever in a sultry swimsuit. Red hot Jenna Dewan Tatum shares behind the scenes footage from her dressing room on Snapchat Not easy getting red carpet ready  'This a** is all real!': Brielle Biermann fiercely defends alleged plastic surgery rumours on her shapely rear Vented her frustrations during a Snapchat video Gigi Hadid flashes a hint of cleavage in a perilously thin polo shirt as she showcases her sartorial swagger in a chic ensemble in New York  Ant & Dec are joined by supportive wives Lisa Armstrong and Ali Astall as they receive their OBEs for services to television at Buckingham Palace Bianca Gascoigne sets pulses racing as she flaunts her eye-popping cleavage and sensational curves in skimpy swimwear for calendar shoot Made In Chelsea's Binky Felstead hides her growing baby bump in saucy thigh-grazing camouflage T-shirt from her collection, exhibiting her slender legs 'Her links with Sue made it easy': Anna Richardson 'turned down role on Great British Bake Off over show favourite and girlfriend Perkins' SPOILER ALERT: Corrie's Steve McDonald races to the registry office as Leanne Battersby fills in their baby's birth certificate... but will he be listed as the father? 'Not long to go now little angel': Rachael Finch cradles bare baby bump and reveals two boys names have been chosen as due date nears SEBASTIAN SHAKESPEARE: I plotted to behead Duke of Manchester, says Australian model ex-wife in extraordinary disclosure  PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Make-up free Perrie Edwards looks glum as she takes dog Hatchi for a walk... amid rumours of a split with Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain 'You can only fall out with someone you love': Ewan McGregor looks back at his bitter 17-year dispute with T2 Trainspotting director Danny Boyle  'I had let myself go due to personal circumstances': Drew Barrymore admits she lost 20lbs for her new show after split from Will Kopelman She DOES eat crisps! Gwyneth Paltrow reveals her immaculately organised pantry containing some surprisingly normal snacks (including Kettle Chips and popcorn) 39 weeks and counting! Jessa Duggar shares side-by-side baby bump comparison in second pregnancy Due to deliver her second child in weeks  'My angel in heaven': Bobby Brown pays tribute to his late daughter Bobbi Kristina in a bomber jacket with her image on the back 'He's a pathological liar!' Richard Keys' wife blasts the ex-Sky pundit as he renews his affair with their daughter's 27-year-old lawyer friend with trysts at five-star hotel  REVEALED: Photographer Kendall Jenner takes a turn behind the lens as she shoots stunning image of Kaia Gerber, 15, for cover of Love magazine 'G'day from the Philippines!' Miss Universe hopeful Caris Tiivel flashes a hint of thigh in skimpy lace nightgown as she prepares for beauty pageant 'I was called a s***!' Charlotte McKinney reveals her bullying torment over large breasts... and why she is even considering a reduction 'There was no plan, I just lived like him': Matthew McConaughey reveals it took him SIX months of excess to put on more than THREE STONE for new film Gold Aloha! Mother-of-one Amber Rose showcases her eye-popping curves in tiny bikini while relaxing in Hawaii hotel  Shearling delight! Bethenny Frankel bundles up in sheepskin with her daughter Bryn Gone from being Nicky Hilton's nanny to a  Real Housewife  Amanda Warren set to guest star on This Is Us after signing up to play William Hill's mother Show focused on fight with cancer. Joanna Krupa wins permission to 'dig into Brandi Glanville's finances'... after she's ordered to share gynecological records in 'smelly' defamation case Make-up free Melissa McCarthy bundles up on set of her latest film project Can You Ever Forgive Me? in New York City This funny lady is back Somebody Alp me! Josie Gibson takes ANOTHER tumble on the ski slopes as she continues to train for injury-ridden series The Jump Sex J-Education: CBB's Jedward shock housemates by talking about having sex on the kitchen table and teach Jamie O'Hara how to put a condom on a banana 'I didn't show him my picture for FIVE months': Ex EastEnders star Cheryl Fergison, 51, reveals she hid her identity from now husband Yassine, 30 Rihanna shows her humble side as she meets school pupils on Malawi charity trip Visit follows reports Madonna is to adopt in the country Carrie on Homeland: Claire Danes on why the show is good for her marriage and how her neighbourhood book club keeps her sane Life's just peachy! Rebecca Ferguson is the picture of elegance in pastel dress and coat as she promotes her new album in Liverpool Showing Aaron what he's missing! Lauren Pope flaunts her fabulous figure in black lingerie... after split from Geordie Shore star A sultry selfie  'I chose velvet knickerbockers over a suit!' David Beckham discusses his flamboyant fashion history in Desert Island Discs special In bed with Lea Michele! Star strips NAKED to slip between the sheets for latest racy Instagram snap Shared a raunchy photo of herself in bed Meet Lara Croft's dad! Dominic West signs on to play Lord Richard in Tomb Raider reboot starring Alicia Vikander The Affair star has signed on to film He's ripped! Joe Jonas endured 16 weeks of intense pro-athlete training to achieve defined abs and muscles Bam! Pow! Iconic Batman Returns costume worn by Michael Keaton sells at auction for $41,250 The black rubber bat suit stands at 6'5" tall 'Job hazard': Chrissy Teigen shares photograph of her legs covered in bruises... after getting injured while dancing Sore knees 'Zayn's asleep!': Taylor Swift complains about her very early start in behind the scenes peek on I Don't Wanna Live Forever video set 'A day with him and I get so tired my eyes start to itch!' Chloe Madeley on England rugby player beau James Haskell 'pushing himself too hard' 'First day of school v prom!' Taylor Swift fans go wild for sultry new look in I Don't Wanna Live Forever with Zayn Malik At her sexiest 'I'm alive... and I feel great!' Lamar Odom on life after rehab and his brush with death  The 37-year-old has been keeping busy since coming out of the facility The name's Ratajkowski... Lisa Ratajkowski! Big Brother star Appleton emulates DKNY model Emily as she walks her dog in bra and knickers 'You never really leave': Sherlock's Amanda Abbington hints return to the show opposite ex Martin Freeman is possible... despite being killed off Now that's a statement piece! Natalie Portman carries 'Make America Read Again' tote after calling out President Donald Trump at LA Women's March 'Shove it in your mouth!' Jamie O'Hara thrusts a cream-filled scone into Bianca Gascoigne's face as they clash in latest CBB challenge 'It's a wonderful thing to have closure': Uma Thurman wins primary custody of her daughter after a bitter legal battle with financier ex Arpad Busson Tamara Ecclestone displays her long legs in thigh-high boots and chic dress as she goes hand-in-hand with daughter Sophia Mummy-daughter day PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Is this the new line-up for C4's Great British Bake Off? Michel Roux Jr joins Paul Hollywood and even a Mary Berry lookalike at 'screen test' It's Ant OR Dec! Cheeky television presenters swap places for the first time during photo opportunity after being awarded OBEs This feels weird Elizabeth Hurley, 51, parades her incredible bikini body in TINY string two-piece as she holidays in India with son Damian, 14 Sexy Instagram snap  Good Morning America host Lara Spencer heats things up in primetime as she breaks for MULTIPLE makeout sessions during three-hour dinner date The Muse! Sharon Stone, 58, relaxes in her bikini as she paints watercolours in the pool while on 'retreat' She's inspired many over the year, too 'She made me re-evaluate how I see life': Russell Brand rocks grungy leather trousers for The One Show... as he gushes about his two-month-old daughter Mabel Multi-tasking mamma! Jennifer Garner catches up on calls as she juggles her bags after a busy school run in Los Angeles 'We're NOT engaged': GBBO winner Candice Brown denies her convicted drug dealer boyfriend has proposed but says they will definitely marry There's no hiding it now! Zooey Deschanel shows off her baby bump on set of New Girl despite being yet to confirm she is expecting her second child 'Blondes Rule!' Paris Hilton posts a nostalgic throwback picture with old pal Britney Spears It's a flashback of two iconic beauties!  Just a pair of ordinary teens! Rocco Ritchie and girlfriend Kim Turnbull look in good spirits as they join tube-goers for London rush-hour commute 'Slow down, you're drunk': CBB's Nicola McLean scolds Bianca Gascoigne after she puts on a very steamy display with Jamie O'Hara  Kelly Brook flashes her ample cleavage in colourful plunging leotard as she poses for busty calendar shot She commanded attention Lady Victoria Hervey puts on an eye-popping display as she attends pyjama party TOPLESS... covering her modesty in nothing but a pair of nipple tassels That made her morning! The Queen flashes a smile as she's greeted by topless men in traditional Fijian grass skirts at an exhibition in Norwich Bad hair day: Nicolas Cage disheveled look reveals his thinning locks at LAX Actor battles with baldness on Thursday Dream team! Celine Dion joins Gwen Stefani as her key adviser for season 12 of The Voice 'There's nobody like Celine. Everybody's going to be so mad ... that I got you.' Portrait of my lady! Evan Ross shows off his sketching skills with wife Ashlee Simpson as his model and muse He can act, sing, and also draw Royally good pals! Princess Eugenie embraces Hollywood star Felicity Jones as they unexpectedly bump into each other while shopping in London 'Backyard bum shots': Bikini-clad Skye Wheatley flaunts her pert derrière as former Big Brother star poses beside busty brunette friend A house to remember! Mandy Moore secretly buys unusual Mid-century modern home on the outskirts of Los Angeles for just under $2.6 million Ouch! Sarah Hyland hobbles around on crutches 'nursing an ankle injury' on set of Modern Family Performing through pain never looked so good.  Our little helpers! Neil Patrick Harris and David Burtka's twins stir up something sweet in the kitchen Something for all the family Rachel Weisz wraps up warm as she shoots scenes in London as Rachel McAdams' lover for new movie Disobedience Remarkably relaxed  'I know what it feels like to be vulnerable': Charlie Webster reflects on her harrowing sexual abuse ordeal as she visits women's refuge for domestic violence  Bikini-clad Danielle Lloyd shows off her curves as she puts her troubles behind her in Dubai... after publicly slamming ex-husband Jamie O'Hara City chic! Bella Hadid shows off her flawless figure in a plunging mini dress as she hits the streets of Manhattan in a fierce new DKNY campaign 'Orlando Bloom is just chilling behind my house... WHAT': Actor's school visit sends teenagers into meltdown  What I go to school for First ladies first? Trump didn't wait for Melania at their car when they arrived at the White House to meet the Obama's... unlike Barack, George and Bill 'She's giving me a headache': Kelly Brook is slammed on Twitter for being too 'loud and hyper' following fashion segment on Lorraine  Didn't go down well Chloe Ferry bounces back from CBB eviction as she hits the town with Geordie Shore gal pals Charlotte Crosby and Sophie Kasaei Back on the toon Goodman gracious three! Ex On The Beach star Chloe oozes sex appeal in plunging red dress as she hits the town with sisters Lauryn and Amelia Fleeing the country? Scott Eastwood enjoys an escape to Fiji after threats of $300 fine for dangerous cliff diving After making headlines for a cliff dive  Rafa's secret weapon! The childhood sweetheart who almost NEVER goes on tour whose support has helped send Nadal to Australian Open Have Perrie Edwards and Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain split already? Little Mix star DELETES her only Instagram snap of the footballer 'Whisper in her ear that it's okay to go': Carl Reiner reveals what he told actress Mary Tyler Moore's husband the day before she died  Time to go Making a splash! Selfie queen Karen Danczuk flaunts her curves in a VERY low cut swimsuit on Spain's Costa Blanca  Former Labour councillor 'I need to do what's best for my family!' Heather Dubrow reveals she's quitting Real Housewives after five seasons She's a TV veteran Mischa Barton taken to hospital for mental evaluation after neighbours found her 'screaming about end of the world and her mum being a witch'  EXCLUSIVE 'I attract toyboys!' Wild Lisa Appleton says she wants to bag a younger man during lively appearance on Lizzie Cundy's radio show Rita Ora falls victim to a gust of wind as she reveals her legs in extreme thigh-split skirt and cow-print fur jacket while leaving recording studio Hugh Jackman isn't perfect - there's video proof! Aussie triple threat hilariously fumbles classic cane twirl with face smacking results Lily Collins rocks casual workout gear as she gets her morning caffeine fix... after revealing she battled an eating disorder as a teen Back to business: Amy Adams puts on a brave face as she runs errands following VERY awkward Oscars snub The actress is still smiling Game, set and perfect match! Rafael Nadal shares a cuddle and passionate kiss with girlfriend Xisca Perello at Melbourne hotel before the tennis Got this covered! Heidi Klum looks lovely in layers as she heads to the on location set of Germany's Next Top Model Wrapping up warm He's got t-issues! Richard Madeley struggles to blow his own nose as he nurses a bandaged arm after shattering his elbow It's a rough time Who needs Kim? Jonathan Cheban enjoys a walk with Kardashian lookalike in London as his BFF heads to Costa Rica with Saint and North The playful Prince! Albert is poked by his adorable two-year-old son as he joins his wife and daughter on the balcony on Saint Devote Day in Monaco It's them or me! Amir Khan's 'paranoid' wife gives boxer a family ultimatum because she can't get over 'Michael Jackson' jibe and fears MORE sex tapes Jennifer Lopez, 47, suffers a wardrobe malfunction as she accidentally flashes her flesh-coloured bra in low-cut white dress at shoe collection launch '21 feels amazing!' AFL WAG Rebecca Judd thanks fans for the 'bday love' as she is gifted with large bouquet of flowers... before bonding with twins Well he is a Saint! Kim Kardashian can't stop kissing her son's cherubic cheeks as they join North onboard jet to Costa Rica... but Kanye isn't there! From slumdog to Hollywood: Incredible rags to riches story of Indian boy, 8, plucked from Mumbai ghetto to star in Nicole Kidman's Lion blockbuster Ex TOWIE star Danielle Armstrong parties with Kate Wright's new love interest Rio Ferdinand as former footballer reopens his Manchester restaurant Racy Kylie Jenner flashes major underboob as she exposes her lace bra and flat stomach in a cropped sweatshirt on night out with Tyga PICTURED: Proof Madonna IS trying to adopt four-year-old twin sisters in Malawi as she is seen leaving court... hours after she denied it  Larry Lamb channels notorious thief Brian Reader in dramatic new trailer for The Hatton Garden Job... based on real-life jewellery heist by ageing gang 'We need a DNA test...' Pregnant Rochelle Humes claims Chris Kamara could be the father of her unborn baby during playful interview  'Of course we're getting married!' GBBO winner Candice Brown's convicted drug dealer boyfriend CONFIRMS wedding plans Robin Thicke 'loses custody' of son Julian as judge issues 'restraining order blocking him from going near his child and ex-wife Paula Patton' Nicole Richie looks stylish in Beetlejuice inspired top and shaggy coat as she supports husband Joel Madden for latest music venture Perfect pair Eamonn Holmes, Davina McCall and Kirstie Allsopp rally behind Gary Lineker who said homework should be BANNED (and calling for a boycott day) Bella Thorne proudly shows off new piercing as she goes braless in tight top after boasting about nipple ring Sure to give a view of the area to her fans 'Baby, baby, I feel crazy': Taylor Swift and Zayn Malik trash luxurious hotel room in sizzling video for I Don't Wanna Live Forever At long last, it's landed Oh yes she (Ha)did! Braless Bella shares racy Instagram snap of her sheer crystal-studded gown from opulent Christian Dior masquerade ball Kourtney's son Reign, 2, sports cute man bun while Kardashian clan leave for Costa Rica (but Scott Disick was uninvited) Doting mom  She's usually flawless! Kris Jenner appeared windswept as hair sticks straight up while boarding private jet to Costa Rica Here comes mama Liza Minnelli digs up mother Judy Garland's remains and has them moved 3,000 miles from New York to Hollywood celebrity cemetery, 48 years after her death  'He's my escape from it all!' Faye Brookes credits boyfriend Gareth Gates following NTA win... as she admits there's extra pressure due to their schedules Playing without the boys! Josephine Skriver shows off her beach volleyball skills as Victoria's Secret models shoot sexy sporty set in Santa Monica 'She can't control her eye': Nicola McLean 'may need emergency corrective surgery after leaving Big Brother house' as new medical woes are revealed  Suddenly shy? Emily Ratajkowski covers up in a tight top and skinny jeans as she enjoys a dinner date at Catch LA  Uncharacteristically covered up Happy family! Mariah Carey's boyfriend Bryan Tanaka bonds with her children as the couple take them to gym class in LA  Seem to be serious 'Total lies': Shane Warne and ex-wife Simone Callahan blast magazine claims their daughter Brooke, 19, is a 'wild girl' who parties too hard She DOES eat crisps! Gwyneth Paltrow reveals her immaculate pantry containing some surprisingly normal snacks (including popcorn and pasta) 'A disgrace': President Trump blasts SNL writer for targeting his son Barron and calls Madonna 'disgusting' for talking about blowing up the White House Ivanka settles into DC life: First Daughter shares charming picture of her children playing at a local park after the family's move to Washington  'What I should've said': Ayda Field shares funny NTAs debrief video with husband Robbie Williams... after her awkward presenting moment fell flat Out and a pout! Katie Price displays alarmingly fuller lips just one day after demure NTAs appearance... before she's slapped with a parking ticket  Make-up free Kaley Cuoco shows off her natural beauty as she cuts a casual figure in baggy sweatshirt and jeans while enjoying some pamper time  From Page 3 girl to grown-up glamour: How Kelly Brook's astonishing wardrobe transformation has earned her an unlikely gig as a fashion editor Anna Wintour heads to Dolce & Gabbana show in Milan... amid claims feud with Alexandra Shulman could be to blame for her stepping down from British Vogue Paula Patton cast as protective mom in ABC summer series amid ongoing custody war with Robin Thicke ABC thriller called Somewhere Between 'We're completely in love!' Delighted Alex Jones, 39, reveals she's given birth to a baby boy as she announces the news live on The One Show 'They look like great tits!' Kate Garraway has to apologise to viewers after Ben Shephard gets naughty talking about 'chasing birds' on Good Morning Britain Glum Megan McKenna appears downcast during solo outing... just hours after 'she was left hysterical amid furious row with beau Pete Wicks at NTAs' Whitney survives the Walford bus crash and soon feels well enough to snog her father-in-law Mick (Danny Dyer) in EastEnders, by Jim Shelley  Kim Kardashian starts new trend as she shows off PIERCED nails (but it's only for the truly pampered) Not for everyone  'I can do whatever the fig I like!' Nadia Sawalha defends her actions after she was caught on camera swearing about Loose Women losing at NTAs to This Morning 'We went for it!': EastEnders' Emma Barton reveals soap's cast did lift a REAL double decker bus while filming controversial crash scene 'I'll be at the hotel!' Third Williams sister will NOT be going to Venus and Serena's Australian Open final - because she doesn't want to choose a side Seeing double! Rob Kardashian compares baby pictures of himself and daughter Dream on Instagram He's been nothing but adoring  Ben Price QUITS Coronation Street to spend more time with his family after seven years playing Nick Tilsley Hope she isn't fishing for compliments! Christina Milian wears hideous multicoloured gown to seafood restaurant in Los Angeles  Sarah Paulson is a fashionable flyer while touching down at LAX... as girlfriend Holland Taylor calls their relationship 'the most wonderful thing' Janet Jackson spotted out for first time since welcoming son Eissa just weeks ago as she shops at baby boutique in London A galaxy far, far away! Star Wars actor Ben Mendelsohn cast in Netflix film 'The Land of Steady Habits'... after wife Emma Forrest files for divorce 'Why are we on her mind so often?' Paris Jackson hits back at Wendy Williams after chat show host said she did not deserve Rolling Stone cover Is that you, Charlene? Kylie Minogue provides a throwback to Neighbours in retro overall outfit as she starts work on wedding and a name change Nothing casual about it! Gigi Hadid dons a sweat suit with a full face of make-up after  Maybelline photoshoot Heading back to her apartment in NYC Wait for us! Kylie Jenner holds King Cairo's hand as duo sprint to private jet for family trip to Costa Rica Playing stepmum She's a walking advert! Mary Berry totes her new recipe book as she arrives at the Radio 4 studios after taking a swipe at Paul Hollywood  Self-promotion He's got axes to grind! Jason Momoa carries multiple hatchets while heading to chat show in Hollywood Heading to a television appearance She's a beaming bride-to-be! Kate Mara smiles while out with doting fiance Jamie Bell in Beverly Hills Had the look of love on Thursday 'Baby, I'm so proud of you!' Gareth Gates performs an impromptu rap in celebration of girlfriend Faye Brookes' NTA win as they relax in bed together 'Don Draper would be dead': Jon Hamm doesn't think his Mad Men character would be alive today He'd be in his 80s by now Astonishing forgiveness of fallen TV star Rory's wife: She stands by McGrath despite his 14-month harassment of married lover who ended affair 'You talk so much b****cks!': CBB's Nicola McLean unleashes a scathing attack on Jedward as she labels them 'f***ing p***ks' . 'I'm feeling for you': CBB's Jamie O'Hara forgives love-interest Bianca Gascoigne as the pair kiss and make-up... after she lied about being single Ladies who lunch! Cara Santana and Jamie Chung don knit jumpers for meal at WeHo restaurant Have yet to collaborate onscreen Braless Sam Faiers slips into risqué gown to flaunt her perky assets... as she flashes 'PK' phone case in homage to beau Paul Knightley and baby son  Who needs Adrian? Rocky star Sylvester Stallone shows off elegant wife Jennifer Flavin at charity gala He will forever be known for his on-screen love  Oops she did it again! Britney Spears posts sexy lingerie snap just a day after almost breaking the internet by showing off her nether region tattoos Ben Affleck's passion project flop Live By Night results in $75 million loss for Warner Bros The gangster flick has not made a profit Rod Stewart borrows style tips from Only Fools And Horses as he channels Del Boy in shearling coat and flat cap while touching down in NYC Cheeky Anna Friel lauds Paddy McGuinness' hunky physique... as they transform into Rocky characters for new sketch show Bond babe Olga Kurylenko flashes her BARE BREASTS in raunchy caged jumpsuit as she leads sizzling stars at Paris Fashion Week gala dinner So Fancy! Charli XCX goes green in an ab-flashing cropped tee with matching tracksuit bottoms as she shows off her painting skills during radio appearance In the jeans! Julia Roberts keeps it casual in denim as she flashes a big smile with her son Finn, 12, in Malibu The 49-year-old enjoyed a relaxing day  Lottie Moss channels her inner zen at SAME Turkish retreat enjoyed by sister Kate before her infamous easyJet 'basic b***h' meltdown 'I'm good now': Khloe Kardashian helps Jill whose parents died as teen lose 30 pounds on Revenge Body Regained her personality Family business! Bella Hadid and brother Anwar pose up a storm in new Zadig & Voltaire ad campaign Working together for her latest modelling gig 'Practically twins': Beyonce's mom Tina Knowles shares sweet photo collage of super star and lookalike granddaughter Blue Ivy Posted on Instagram All that glitters! Aubrey Plaza wows in thigh-skimming sequined mini as she joins Mary Elizabeth Winstead at Legion premiere Walking the red carpet Dazzling Depp! Lily-Rose, 17, sparkles in a shimmering cropped catsuit as she lends her rising star power to Paris fashion charity bash Still got it! Melanie Griffith shows off taut legs as she steps out in West Hollywood with a male friend A stroll through the neighbourhood  Coldplay star Chris Martin shows off his cycling form as he goes for a ride in revealing shorts in Malibu  It is not every day you see Chris on a bike Another day, ANOTHER soiree! Jet-setter Pixie Lott takes the plunge in stunning black gown as she parties in Paris, 24 hours after NTAs 'I'll miss you Mair': Valerie Harper, 77, takes to Twitter and posts emotional tribute to co-star Mary Tyler Moore To remember her beloved late co-star  Mike Connors of Mannix fame dies aged 91 ONE WEEK after being diagnosed with leukemia His son-in-law Mike confirmed the news Pamela Anderson looks chic in a white playsuit with wide-brimmed hat for Paris sightseeing trip... a day after surprise visit to France's refugees Ashley James continues to flaunt her newly-slimmed down frame as she slips into a tight plunging yellow dress for night out on the town 'I'm a fitness Barbie': Khloe Kardashian displays her toned derriere in tiny bodysuit as she shares behind-the-scenes video from steamy shoot Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
CNET Reviews Best Products Appliances Audio Cameras Cars Networking Desktops Drones Headphones Laptops Phones Printers Software Smart Home Tablets TVs Virtual Reality Wearable Tech Web Hosting Forums News Apple Computers Deals Google Internet Microsoft Mobile Photography Security Sci-Tech Tech Culture Tech Industry Photo Galleries Video Forums Video Apple Byte Carfection CNET Top 5 CNET Update Googlicious How To Netpicks Next Big Thing News On Cars Phones Prizefight Tablets Tomorrow Daily CNET Podcasts How To Appliances Computers Gaming Home Entertainment Internet Mobile Apps Phones Photography Security Smart Home Tablets Wearable Tech Forums Speed Test Smart Home Best smart home devices How To News Tour our smart apartment Tour our smart house Product Compatibility Amazon Alexa Apple HomeKit Belkin WeMo Google Home Lutron Nest Philips Hue Samsung SmartThings Wink Cars Car Reviews Best Cars New Cars Used Cars Deals Cheapskate Best Tech Under $50 All Deals Tech Deals Non-Tech Deals Audio Deals Cell Phone Deals Desktop Deals Laptop Deals Hard Drive & Storage Deals Printer Deals Tablet Deals Camera Deals Monitor Deals Software Deals TV Deals Web Hosting VPN Services WordPress Hosting Domain Names Download Join CNET Member Benefits Sign In to CNET My Profile Forums Sign Out Australia China France Germany Japan Korea United Kingdom US Editions English Español CNET Tech Culture JPMorgan discrimination case has social media's attention JPMorgan discrimination case has social media's attention Social Cues: Also trending on Facebook and Twitter are Donald Trump's slogan for his 2020 campaign, and a hospitalized George H.W. Bush. Tech Culture by Alfred Ng January 18, 2017 6:54 AM PST @alfredwkng Up Next Meet Jon Hamm, the hologram (aka the holohamm) CNET A discrimination lawsuit against JPMorgan is trending across Twitter as the US government accuses the company of charging minorities higher rates. President-elect Donald Trump's slogan for his 2020 campaign is also trending on Twitter, while warnings of a Gmail phishing scam are trending on Facebook. Social Cues is our look at what people are talking about across social media. Here is what's buzzing on Facebook and Twitter this Wednesday: JPMorgan: The US government is suing JPMorgan, accusing the finance giant of mortgage discrimination against minority borrowers, according to Reuters. The US lawsuit alleges that thousands of African-American and Hispanic borrowers paid higher rates and fees than white borrowers. The company is trending on Twitter as people share the breaking news. George H.W. Bush: The oldest living former US president has been hospitalized in Houston. The 92-year-old was admitted Saturday for shortness of breath but has been responding well to treatments. On Twitter, people are praying for the 41st president's quick recovery, including the vice president-elect, Mike Pence. Bush's chief of staff, Jean Becker, said he is in stable condition. Keep America Great: Donald Trump already has a slogan for his 2020 campaign, even before the inauguration for his first term. The president-elect came up with it during an interview with the Washington Post and was so excited about it he asked his lawyer to trademark and register in the middle of their conversation. Trump's supporters are already energized around the 2020 slogan on Twitter. Gmail: Google's popular email service is trending on Facebook over a phishing technique that's making the rounds. The phishing email uses social engineering to trick users into giving up their passwords on a page that looks like a Google login. It's a trick that even snagged Hillary Clinton's campaign manager, John Podesta. Warnings are going out across Facebook to keep Gmail users from getting hacked. Pierce Brosnan: The "GoldenEye" actor could find himself in the next Deadpool movie. Ryan Reynolds, who plays the merc with a mouth, posted a photo on Instagram of him hanging out with Brosnan and Hugh Jackman, known for playing Wolverine. The picture, along with an image Jackman posted on Twitter with #wolverinebonddeadpool, has fans clamoring for a crossover. Be sure to check out Social Cues' weekly roundup called T.GIF. It will pop up every Friday on CNET's Snapchat and Instagram accounts. Add us on Instagram at @CNET or on Snapchat at @CNETsnaps. Our social accounts also feature CNET Update daily and Mailbox Mondays. Join us! Solving for XX: The industry seeks to overcome outdated ideas about "women in tech." Take a look here. Crowd Control: A crowdsourced science fiction novel written by CNET readers. Read it here. Share your voice 0 comments Tags Tech Culture Internet Marvel Gmail Hacking Facebook Instagram Twitter Deadpool Donald Trump Related Stories What will Apple look like in 2017? (Apple Byte Extra Crunchy, Ep. 69) Powerful tweets remember Jewish refugees turned away by US Bride in a T. rex costume makes for the best first look ever I blew into a Tostitos bag and it told me to call an Uber Close   Discuss: JPMorgan discrimination case has social media's... Conversation powered by Livefyre Up Next: Meet Jon Hamm, the hologram (aka the holohamm) Scientists create human-pig hybrid Researchers at the Salk Institute have created something that could lead to human tissue production one day. by Iyaz Akhtar 1:19 Doomsday Clock adjusts, Ford issues two recalls Today's biggest tech headlines include a chilling move on the Doomsday Clock, a Samsung Galaxy S8 release date rumor and recalls for two of Ford's more popular vehicles. by Ashley Esqueda Close Drag CNET © CBS Interactive Inc.  /  All Rights Reserved. About CNET Privacy Policy Ad Choice Terms of Use Mobile User Agreement Help Center
HOME EDITION News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance CNBC Explains Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Recode Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows Watch Live CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Full Episodes More Log In | Register Log Out News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Consumer Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Halftime Portfolio Squawk Box Portfolio Take a Tour Subscribe Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance CNBC Explains Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Recode Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Special Reports CNBC Disruptor 50 FA Playbook Modern Medicine Quarterly Investment Guide FinTech CNBC Upstart 25 Retail Report Future Opportunities Your Money, Your Future Original Series Executive Edge Trading Nation Futures Now Retire Well The Pulse @ 1 Market The Bottom Line CNBC Events Davos Delivering Alpha eMerge Americas iCONIC Conference Cambridge Cyber Summit Sohn Conference Follow CNBC EDITION Register Log In Profile Email Preferences PRO Sign Out Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Halftime Portfolio Squawk Box Portfolio Take a Tour Subscribe LIVE TV Watch CNBC TV Watch CNBC Pro Watchlist X × × × Lawsuits US sues JPMorgan for alleged mortgage discrimination Wednesday, 18 Jan 2017 | 1:01 PM ETReuters SHARES Getty Images People stand inside the offices of JP Morgan Chase in New York City. JPMorgan Chase has agreed to pay $55 million to settle a U.S. Justice Department lawsuit accusing it of discriminating against minority borrowers by allowing mortgage brokers to charge them more for home loans, a person familiar with the matter said on Wednesday. The U.S. Justice Department complaint, filed in Manhattan federal court on Wednesday, accused the bank of willfully violating the U.S. Fair Housing Act and the Equal Credit Opportunity Act between 2006 and 2009 and showing "reckless disregard" for the rights of at least 53,000 African-American and Hispanic borrowers. "We've agreed to settle these legacy allegations that relate to pricing set by independent brokers," JPMorgan spokeswoman Elizabeth Seymour said. "We deny any wrongdoing and remain committed to providing equal access to credit." A spokeswoman for U.S. Attorney Preet Bharara had no immediate comment. The alleged discrimination involved so-called wholesale loans that were made through mortgage brokers the bank used to help originate loans, the complaint said. Chase allowed brokers to change rates charged for loans from those initially set based on objective credit-related factors, the complaint said. As a result of that discretion, minorities were charged more for home loans than white borrowers with the same credit profile, paying tens of millions of dollars in additional mortgage costs, the complaint said. An African-American taking out a $191,100 loan on average paid $1,126 more over the first five years of the loan than a white borrower. An Hispanic borrower with a $236,800 loan paid on average $968 more than a non-Hispanic white borrower, the complaint said. Chase did not require mortgage brokers to document the reasons for changing rates and failed to address racial discrimination, encouraging it to continue, the complaint said. The Justice Department has been pursuing a number of banks over alleged discrimination. From 2010 to 2014, the agency's Civil Rights Division obtained more than $1.4 billion in relief under fair housing laws, according to an August report. In one case, Wells Fargo agreed to pay $175 million to settle allegations that it charged African American and Hispanic borrowers higher rates and fees on mortgages. Cities around the country, including Miami, Baltimore andLos Angeles, also have filed lawsuits claiming that major banks targeted minorities for high-cost loans that often ended in foreclosures. The bank first disclosed Bharara's lawsuit in a quarterly filing in 2015. US sues JPMorgan for alleged mortgage discrimination Related Securities Symbol Price   Change %Change JPM ---
Fox News Fox Business Fox News Go Fox News Radio Fox Nation Fox News Insider Fox Business Home Markets Politics Features Media & Advertising Cloud Innovation Business Leaders Technology FBN TV SHOWS ANCHORS & REPORTERS SCHEDULE VIDEO Search U.S. Sues JPMorgan for Alleged Mortgage Discrimination ADVERTISEMENT On Our Radar Refresh Close On Our Radar Load More U.S. Sues JPMorgan for Alleged Mortgage Discrimination Published January 18, 2017 Industries Reuters Facebook Twitter Print A view of the exterior of the JP Morgan Chase & Co. corporate headquarters in New York City (Copyright Reuters 2016) The United States on Wednesday sued JPMorgan Chase, accusing the bank of discriminating against minority borrowers by charging them higher rates and fees on home mortgage loans between 2006 and at least 2009. Continue Reading Below Filed in a Manhattan federal court, the government's complaint accused the bank of violating the U.S. Fair Housing Act and the Equal Credit Opportunity Act by charging thousands of African-American and Hispanic borrowers more for home loans than white borrowers with the same credit profile. JPMorgan Chase and U.S. Attorney Preet Bharara did not immediately respond to requests for comment. The alleged discrimination involved so-called wholesale loans that were made through mortgage brokers the bank used to originate loans, the complaint said. Chase allowed brokers to change rates charged for loans from those initially set based on objective credit-related factors, the complaint said. Chase did not require mortgage brokers to document the reasons for changing rates and failed to address racial discrimination, encouraging it to continue, the complaint said.   Continue Reading Below ADVERTISEMENT (Reporting By Dena Aubin; Editing by Bill Trott) Fox Business Markets Politics Features FBN TV About Fox Business Channel Finder Advertise With Us Jobs Internships New Terms of Use (What's new) New Privacy Policy FAQ Media Relations Closed Captioning Policy Accessibility Statement Quotes delayed at least 15 minutes. Real-time quotes provided by BATS BZX Real-Time Price. Market Data provided by Interactive Data (Terms & Conditions). Powered and Implemented by Interactive Data Managed Solutions. Company fundamental data provided by Morningstar. Earnings estimates data provided by Zacks. Mutual fund and ETF data provided by Lipper. Economic data provided by Econoday. Dow Jones & Company Terms & Conditions. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. ©2017 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved. FAQ - Privacy Policy
Financial News Top Stories News View People Brexit Events & Awards Search Profile People ‘Unconscious bias’ is the term to fight gender inequality, says top JP Morgan executive The term is powerful because nobody wants to think of themselves as a sexist, says chief marketing officer Kristin Lemkau 'Badass working mums' can prosper in investment banks Getty Images By Lucy Burton Updated 18 Jan. 2017 1:49 p.m. GMT Using the term 'unconscious bias' helps address gender inequality issues more effectively than suggesting sexism, as everyone is willing to acknowledge that they suffer from it, according to one of JP Morgan's top female executives. Speaking at the World Economic Forum in Davos, Kristin Lemkau, the chief marketing officer of JP Morgan Chase, said that as a marketing person the term was "really powerful" because nobody wants to think of themselves as a sexist. She added that her leadership team is "two-thirds badass working mums", which means she has proved the point of unconscious bias by hiring people like her. Sitting on a gender equality panel on January 18 alongside a number of senior executives, including Facebook chief operating officer Sheryl Sandberg,  Lemkau said the small but significant everyday events she dubbed "paper cuts" was the most important challenge that needed to be addressed. These include "being interrupted in meetings, having your idea being represented by somebody else, saying the same thing as a guy and he says it five minutes later and is credited with it", she said. The discussion was organised by consumer goods giant Unilever following the publication of a report it had commissioned on gender stereotypes, with the responses highlighting deep-rooted biases about who should take senior jobs. Based on interviews with 9,000 men and women across the UK, US, India, Argentina, Brazil, Turkey, Kenya and Indonesia last month, it found 77% of men and 55% of women believed a man to be the best choice to lead a high stakes projects, with 75% of women and 57% of men saying that they believe men don't want women in the c-suite. The majority of women (67%) also said that they felt pressured to just 'get over' inappropriate behaviour in the office, the study found. Paul Polman, Unilever’s chief executive officer, said that empowering women and girls was the "single biggest opportunity for human development and economic growth." He added: "It goes without saying, it’s crucial for business. The World Economic Forum’s latest Gender Gap Report notes that we may not achieve economic equality among men and women for another 170 years. That’s just not good enough. We need to lead the change in tackling unhelpful stereotypes that hold women – and men – back." Filter by Topic Asset Management Investment Banking Hedge Funds Trading Private Equity Regulation Politics Fintech Lists EDITOR'S PICKS 1. Wellcome Trust boss to review external managers 2. Barclays CEO on gender, race and sexuality in banking 3. Aberdeen’s new pay policy splits governance advisers 4. City prepares for the FCA to bare its teeth 5. Who’s the fastest growing fund manager in Europe? Top Stories Who is the top fee payer to banks in Europe? UK’s biggest investment fund plots return to former glory 3i mulls 2018 float of retailer Action Asset managers: Time to cut the cost of selling funds Greenhill extends M&amp;A run with £3.7bn Tesco win FURTHER READING FURTHER READING View Brexiteers take note: New trade deals are a decade away Brexiteers take note: New trade deals are a decade away Brexiteers have underestimated the complexity of agreeing new trade deals with the EU and beyond Asset Management Asset managers: Time to cut the cost of selling funds Asset managers: Time to cut the cost of selling funds Fund managers concede fees are too high for a low-return environment, but argue the way funds are sold is part of the problem Fintech Blockchain forces banks to do the unthinkable: work together Blockchain forces banks to do the unthinkable: work together Institutions collaborate in bid to make technology work. The prize could be huge savings in costs and a shake-up in financial services © 2017 FINANCIAL NEWS The News Building 1 London Bridge Street London, SE1 9GF PROFILE Subscribe Sign In Reset Password ABOUT Feedback Contact Us FAQ Copyright Licenses Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Terms & Conditions Corrections SECTIONS News View People Brexit Asset Management Investment Banking Trading Fintech Politics Events & Awards Lists
Home About/Contact US Privacy Policy Staff Daily Email Updates Headlines Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Investing Visa Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Visa Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Recent Posts National Asset Management Inc. Sells 2 Shares of Apple Hospitality REIT, Inc. (APLE) Bemis Company, Inc. (BMS) Shares Bought by National Asset Management Inc. Panagora Asset Management Inc. Reduces Stake in Everest Re Group, Ltd. (RE) Panagora Asset Management Inc. Buys 12,475 Shares of Reliance Steel & Aluminum Co. (RS) Panagora Asset Management Inc. Acquires 186,494 Shares of American Express Company (AXP) CBS Corporation (CBS) Position Increased by Capital International Sarl Fuller & Thaler Asset Management Inc. Lowers Position in ADTRAN, Inc. (ADTN) Energizer Holdings, Inc. (ENR) Stake Lowered by Fuller & Thaler Asset Management Inc. TPG Group Holdings SBS Advisors Inc. Sells 716,539 Shares of Verint Systems Inc. (VRNT) Blackstone Group L.P. Invests $9,189,000 in Brunswick Corporation (BC) Gamestop Corporation (GME) Stake Cut by National Asset Management Inc. Blackstone Group L.P. Sells 11,441 Shares of W.R. Grace & Co. (GRA) Fuller & Thaler Asset Management Inc. Has $52,380,000 Position in Artisan Partners Asset Management Inc. (APAM) Highbridge Capital Management LLC Boosts Stake in United Therapeutics Corporation (UTHR) Coca-Cola European Partners PLC (CCE) Shares Sold by Highbridge Capital Management LLC Highbridge Capital Management LLC Sells 45,230 Shares of DISH Network Corporation (DISH) Highbridge Capital Management LLC Boosts Stake in Brink’s Company (The) (BCO) Moors & Cabot Inc. Sells 2,391 Shares of Mplx Lp (MPLX) General Mills, Inc. (GIS) Shares Bought by Moors & Cabot Inc. Moors & Cabot Inc. Has $1,034,000 Stake in National Oilwell Varco, Inc. (NOV) Pax World Management LLC Has $16,744,000 Position in Visa Inc. (V) Posted by William Strong on Jan 18th, 2017 // No Comments Tweet Pax World Management LLC decreased its position in shares of Visa Inc. (NYSE:V) by 2.1% during the third quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The firm owned 202,469 shares of the credit-card processor’s stock after selling 4,446 shares during the period. Pax World Management LLC’s holdings in Visa were worth $16,744,000 as of its most recent filing with the SEC. Several other hedge funds also recently added to or reduced their stakes in the stock. Ngam Advisors L.P. raised its stake in shares of Visa by 7.4% in the second quarter. Ngam Advisors L.P. now owns 1,131,493 shares of the credit-card processor’s stock worth $83,923,000 after buying an additional 78,447 shares during the last quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. raised its stake in shares of Visa by 3.7% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 29,495,466 shares of the credit-card processor’s stock worth $2,441,561,000 after buying an additional 1,061,427 shares during the last quarter. Reilly Herbert Faulkner III raised its stake in shares of Visa by 3.5% in the third quarter. Reilly Herbert Faulkner III now owns 51,135 shares of the credit-card processor’s stock worth $4,229,000 after buying an additional 1,736 shares during the last quarter. Loring Wolcott & Coolidge Fiduciary Advisors LLP MA raised its stake in shares of Visa by 2.3% in the third quarter. Loring Wolcott & Coolidge Fiduciary Advisors LLP MA now owns 570,519 shares of the credit-card processor’s stock worth $47,182,000 after buying an additional 13,014 shares during the last quarter. Finally, State Treasurer State of Michigan raised its stake in shares of Visa by 16.9% in the third quarter. State Treasurer State of Michigan now owns 2,025,080 shares of the credit-card processor’s stock worth $167,474,000 after buying an additional 293,400 shares during the last quarter. 79.52% of the stock is owned by hedge funds and other institutional investors. Shares of Visa Inc. (NYSE:V) opened at 81.26 on Wednesday. Visa Inc. has a 52 week low of $66.12 and a 52 week high of $83.96. The company has a market cap of $190.15 billion, a P/E ratio of 32.11 and a beta of 0.95. The company’s 50-day moving average price is $79.08 and its 200 day moving average price is $80.34. Visa (NYSE:V) last announced its quarterly earnings data on Monday, October 24th. The credit-card processor reported $0.78 earnings per share for the quarter, beating analysts’ consensus estimates of $0.73 by $0.05. The business had revenue of $4.26 billion for the quarter. Visa had a return on equity of 24.31% and a net margin of 39.72%. The firm’s revenue for the quarter was up 19.3% on a year-over-year basis. During the same period in the prior year, the company posted $0.62 earnings per share. Equities research analysts anticipate that Visa Inc. will post $3.29 earnings per share for the current fiscal year. WARNING: This story was originally posted by Web Breaking News and is the propert of of Web Breaking News. If you are accessing this story on another website, it was illegally stolen and reposted in violation of United States & international trademark & copyright laws. The correct version of this story can be read at http://www.webbreakingnews.com/2017/01/18/pax-world-management-llc-has-16744000-position-in-visa-inc-v.html. A number of analysts recently commented on V shares. Vetr raised Visa from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $87.75 price target for the company in a research note on Thursday, October 20th. Nomura reaffirmed a “buy” rating and issued a $91.00 price target on shares of Visa in a research note on Friday, October 21st. Deutsche Bank AG reaffirmed a “buy” rating and issued a $103.00 price target on shares of Visa in a research note on Friday, October 21st. Jefferies Group reaffirmed a “buy” rating and issued a $93.00 price target on shares of Visa in a research note on Friday, October 21st. Finally, Drexel Hamilton raised Visa from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating in a research note on Monday, October 24th. Five research analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating, twenty-seven have given a buy rating and one has given a strong buy rating to the company’s stock. The stock has a consensus rating of “Buy” and an average price target of $91.65. In other news, President Ryan Mcinerney sold 18,500 shares of the stock in a transaction dated Tuesday, November 8th. The stock was sold at an average price of $82.92, for a total value of $1,534,020.00. Following the transaction, the president now directly owns 12,548 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $1,040,480.16. The sale was disclosed in a filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which can be accessed through the SEC website. Also, insider Charles W. Scharf sold 772,912 shares of the stock in a transaction dated Friday, October 28th. The shares were sold at an average price of $82.65, for a total value of $63,881,176.80. Following the completion of the transaction, the insider now directly owns 852,880 shares in the company, valued at $70,490,532. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. 0.14% of the stock is owned by insiders. Visa Company Profile Visa Inc is a payments technology company. The Company and its subsidiaries, including Visa U.SA Inc (Visa U.SA), Visa International Service Association (Visa International), Visa Worldwide Pte. Limited, Visa Canada Corporation, Inovant LLC and CyberSource Corporation (CyberSource), operate a processing network, VisaNet, which facilitates authorization, clearing and settlement of payment transactions around the world. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding V? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Visa Inc. (NYSE:V). Receive News & Ratings for Visa Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Visa Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter. « Previous RSP Permian, Inc. (RSPP) Shares Sold by United Services Automobile Association Next » Mutual of Omaha Bank Wealth Management Sells 430 Shares of Procter & Gamble Company (The) (PG) Latest News Nike Suspends Relationship with Maria Sharapova Rob Bironas Ex-Titans Kicker Dies in Car Crash Ron Washington Leaves Texas Rangers Due to an Affair Jonathan Dwyer Falls in Line with Other Banned NFL Players Tony Stewart Case Going to the Grand Jury Oscar Pistorius “Blade Runner” Found Not Guilty of Murder Leave a Reply Click here to cancel reply. Name (Required) Mail (will not be published) (Required) Website   Home Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Headlines Investing © 2006-2017 Web Breaking News.
WSJ WSJ LIVE WSJ Live on Facebook WSJ Live on Twitter MARKETWATCH MarketWatch on Facebook MarketWatch on Twitter BARRON'S <h4>Barrons on Facebook</h4><div style="border: none; padding: 2px 3px;" class="fb-like" data-href="http://www.facebook.com/barronsonline" data-send="false" data-layout="button_count" data-width="250" data-show-faces="false" data-action="recommend"></div> <h4>Barrons on Twitter</h4><a href="https://twitter.com/barronsonline" class="twitter-follow-button" data-show-count="true">Follow @barronsonline</a> DJX Product X on Facebook Product X on Twitter RT F R&C PE&VC WSJ B MORE Mansion Global WSJ Secure BigCharts Financial News Professor Journal Realtor.com Student Journal Virtual Stock Exchange WSJ Classifieds WSJ Classrooms WSJ Wine Search Asia Edition U.S. Edition   Subscribe Log In Home Magazine This Week's Edition Past Editions New: Cartoons Daily All Coverage Barron's Take Weekday Trader Up & Down Wall St. Daily Getting Technical Striking Price Daily Wall Street's Best Minds Read This, Spike That Stocks to Watch Today Asia Stocks to Watch Income Investing Tech Trader Daily Focus on Funds Emerging Markets Q&A Video Center Investing Ideas Overview Barron's Picks & Pans Mutual Funds / ETFs Hedge Funds Stocks Center Commodities Center Bonds Center Options Center Barron's Take Weekday Trader Stock Alert Inside Scoop Ahead of the Crowd Focus on Funds Stocks to Watch Today Barron's Roundtable Advisor Center Overview Top 100 Advisors Top 100 Women Advisors Top 100 Independent Advisors Top 1,200 Advisors Advisor Profiles Market Data Market Data Center Market Lab Economic Calendar Watchlist Stock Grader Stock & Fund Tables Barron's 400 PENTA Penta Magazine Penta Daily Penta Archives Barron's NEXT Investors' Soapbox AM JPMorgan, Bank of America Boost Visa, Mastercard Credit- and debit-card payment volume growth accelerated for both JPMorgan and Bank of America in Q4. Jan. 17, 2017 11:16 a.m. ET Wells Fargo Securities Credit- and debit-card payment volume growth accelerated for both JPMorgan Chase and Bank of America during the fourth quarter, giving us confidence in our Visa/Mastercard U.S. volume estimates for the upcoming quarter. JPMorgan (ticker: JPM) reported a 13.5% year-over-year increase in credit-card-sales volume (its term for payment volume) during the fourth quarter, a nice increase from 10% growth... Get The Full Story Subscribe   or   Log In Want to participate in the discussion? Already a subscriber? Log in for complete access. Powered by Livefyre Most Popular 1. Red Flags for Stocks, Oil Subscriber Content Read Preview 2. Is Microsoft Leaping Ahead of Amazon? Subscriber Content Read Preview 3. Jeremy Grantham: Why Donald Trump Won Subscriber Content Read Preview 4. PayPal Has Big Plans for Venmo Subscriber Content Read Preview 5. The Good and Bad of the Coming Trump Economy Subscriber Content Read Preview See Full List Latest Market Videos 1 Barron's Buzz: Warren Buffett's $2.95 Breakfast 2 Amazon is Disrupting a New Industry 3 ​Dow 20,000: Why You Shouldn't Get Excited Barron's Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn YouTube RSS Feed AppStore Google Play Return to Top« Customer Service Customer Center Contact Us Live Help Refer Your Friends to Barron's and Get Rewarded. Learn More Create an Account Subscribe to Barron's Magazine Subscribers: Activate Your Digital Access About Barrons.com Advertising Masthead Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Data Policy Copyright Policy Subscriber Agreement & Terms of Use Your Ad Choices Community Guidelines Also From Barron's Conferences Reprints Classifieds College Program Find a Broker Barron's in Japanese Tools & Services Mobile Site Email Newsletters Barron's on iPad/iPhone Barron's on Android Watchlist Video Annual Reports StockGrader Barron's 400 Economic Calendar Stock & Mutual Fund Listings Commodities, Options & Annuities Listings Fund Prospectuses ACAP Enabled Copyright ©2017 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
Business Home LBoard VIDEO INSIDE No ethnic Chinese in Malaysian Airline’s CNY video because… Nawar Firdaws Read More FMT BAHASA FMT BORNEO+ FMT VIDEO CONTRIBUTE NEWS HOME NATION OPINION WORLD LEISURE SPORTS BUSINESS ADVERTISE WITH US Capital curbs push Chinese firms to risky, costly dollar bonds Reuters | January 18, 2017 JPMorgan analysts, using their own dataset, are forecasting another rise this year, even though many economists expect the yuan to fall further, making the loans more expensive to service and repay. SHANGHAI: China’s efforts to support its currency and cool its hot property market are encouraging more Chinese companies, including many state firms, to take on extra cost and risk by raising foreign-currency bonds in Hong Kong and other offshore locations. Despite the yuan’s nearly 7 percent slump against the dollar in 2016, Chinese companies including state-owned Bank of China raised a record US$111 billion in offshore dollar bonds, according to data from Dealogic, up from US$88 billion in 2015. JPMorgan analysts, using their own dataset, are forecasting another rise this year, even though many economists expect the yuan to fall further, making the loans more expensive to service and repay. The list includes issuers who need dollars to pay for overseas acquisitions and deals but are unable to use their yuan after China tightened its grip on capital outflows last year to support the currency. “It’s getting increasingly difficult to move money out,” said Shen Weizheng, fund manager at Ivy Capital, which invests in stocks and bonds in Hong Kong. “So for Chinese companies eager to invest overseas, the dollar bond market becomes an easier funding avenue.” State firms are also doing so because the government has made it easier for them to tap offshore markets, and there is pressure on them to bring more dollars onshore, investment bankers said. Some property firms have also been left with little choice but to raise money offshore as government measures to contain a property bubble have included lending restrictions onshore. Both the Shanghai and Shenzhen stock exchanges have tightened bond issuance rules for real estate firms since October, and regulators have repeatedly urged Chinese lenders to restrict property lending. Chinese property developers have US$7.9 billion in loans falling due in 2017, according to Thomson Reuters data, which could push more into offshore markets if they need refinancing. On top of the exchange risks, the borrowers also have to swallow much higher borrowing costs. China Evergrande Group pays a 7 percent yield on its dollar bonds in Hong Kong, but just 3 percent in China, while China Aoyuan Property Group raised US$250 million through three-year bonds in early January, paying 6.35 percent, almost double the average yield on yuan bonds onshore. Despite the cost, more issuers are lining up for after the Chinese New Year in late January. A fund manager at Invesco Asset Management in Hong Kong said his firm had signed confidential agreements with 10 Chinese issuers to become their cornerstone investor. Fast track An underwriter who helps Chinese firms issue dollar bonds said state-owned enterprises (SOEs) were keen to issue dollar bonds partly because “the central government is encouraging them to bring dollars back to China, and SOEs are not very sensitive to borrowing costs”. The government fast-tracked approvals for bringing dollar bond proceeds back onshore for several state firms, in a bid to ease depreciation pressure on the yuan and slow the pace at which the country was burning through currency reserves. Previously, all SOEs needed to register their offshore debt issuance plans with China’s central planning agency, but last year it allowed 21 SOEs to proceed without registration. China’s local government financing vehicles (LGFV) have also joined this growing band of bond issuers in Hong Kong. Last January, Jiangsu NewHeadline Development, a financing vehicle of the Lianyungang municipal government in Jiangsu Province, issued US$200 million of 3-year bonds paying interest of 6.20 percent. NewHeadline, the first LGFV to sell offshore bonds, could have issued yuan bonds onshore paying around 5 percent, without the risk of the exchange rate moving against them. “I asked them: your fundamentals are not bad, so why are you willing to raise funds at a higher cost?” said a fund manager who subscribed to the bonds. “They said there was a political target to raise overseas money.” A NewHeadline official told Reuters the purpose was to “boost our overseas branding, so that more foreign investors know us”. She didn’t say why the company, which is mainly involved in infrastructure and water treatment in China, wanted overseas branding. A stream of LGFVs followed in NewHeadline’s footsteps, and the company is mulling a second offshore bond this year. The attractive yields, combined with investors’ expectations of a rising dollar, led to an increasing number of funds targeting dollar bonds in China last year. That fueled a fivefold increase in the outbound funds held in a scheme set up a decade ago to let domestic investors invest overseas, even as Beijing has suspended approvals for new quota for the scheme as part of its capital curbs. Quota holders can now rent out their quota for twice the price they could last year, such is the demand. Comments Readers are required to have a valid Facebook account to comment on this story. We welcome your opinions to allow a healthy debate. We want our readers to be responsible while commenting and to consider how their views could be received by others. Please be polite and do not use swear words or crude or sexual language or defamatory words. FMT also holds the right to remove comments that violate the letter or spirit of the general commenting rules. The views expressed in the contents are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of FMT. Comments Share this story Previous Story Next Story Amanah persoal kaedah PAS guna rangka RUU 355 Senegal have Africa Cup of Nations last-eight place in sight ROS Med.Rect 1 Taboola ROS 1 ROS Med.Rect 2 Most Read News Bimbang dan teruja bawa isteri Melayu sambut Tahun Baharu… Gong Xi Fa Chai, Ah Lam! US$10 billion forex loss: Cabinet seeks BNM’s views ‘MAS ruined our CNY’ claim by blogger goes viral Petronas in tight spot over Rapid project Ex-Miss Malaysia gets divorce from tycoon in battle over… The young Malaysian terrorist: A profile ‘Why was MACC involved in a family matter?’ RTD man dies after machete attack Returning to politics that’s driven by policy ROS Med.Rect 3 Opinion SB A nation of bystanders Gong Xi Fa Chai, Ah Lam! Returning to politics that’s driven by policy Let’s keep our focus on things that matter Chinese voters and MCA’s revival MCA’s 4 options on Hadi’s bill More... FMT Bahasa Ke mana semua Cina dalam video ini? Muda, jahil, tetapi ikhlas mahu berjuang ‘demi Islam’ Seluar diimport dari China bukan Israel, kata Giant MCA gembira dengan pelaburan China Tiada kaum boleh hidup sendiri, kata Hadi dalam ucapan Tahun Baharu Bimbang dan teruja bawa isteri Melayu sambut Tahun Baharu Cina More... Misc Ads – Movie Content Facebook Page Home | About Us | Disclaimers / Copyright | Advertise | Contact Us | Copyright (C) 2009-2016 MToday News Sdn. Bhd. All Rights Reserved.
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy   Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Francesca's Holdings Corporation - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Francesca's Holdings Corporation with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News National Asset Management Inc. Has $607,000 Stake in American Water Works (AWK) Panagora Asset Management Inc. Boosts Position in eBay Inc. (EBAY) Panagora Asset Management Inc. Buys 989,883 Shares of Baxter International Inc. (BAX) Panagora Asset Management Inc. Has $49,920,000 Position in Western Alliance Bancorporation (WAL) Eli Lilly and Company (LLY) Position Lowered by Capital International Sarl Goldman Sachs Group, Inc. (The) (GS) Position Reduced by Capital International Sarl Capital International Sarl Maintains Position in Canadian National Railway Company (CNI) Capital International Sarl Maintains Position in Cognizant Technology Solutions Corp (CTSH) Fuller & Thaler Asset Management Inc. Acquires 2,304,519 Shares of Verifone Systems, Inc. (PAY) Blackstone Group L.P. Invests $13,851,000 in Take-Two Interactive Software, Inc. (TTWO) TPG Group Holdings SBS Advisors Inc. Cuts Position in Continental Building Products, Inc. (CBPX) TPG Group Holdings SBS Advisors Inc. Sells 3,273 Shares of LinkedIn Corp (LNKD) National Asset Management Inc. Has $858,000 Position in Medtronic PLC (MDT) E.W. Scripps Company (The) (SSP) Shares Bought by Blackstone Group L.P. Blackstone Group L.P. Maintains Stake in NantHealth Inc (NH) Fuller & Thaler Asset Management Inc. Has $59,582,000 Stake in Cabot Corporation (CBT) Fuller & Thaler Asset Management Inc. Sells 9,719 Shares of MTS Systems Corporation (MTSC) Fuller & Thaler Asset Management Inc. Sells 494,508 Shares of El Paso Electric Company (EE) Fuller & Thaler Asset Management Inc. Decreases Position in Brink’s Company (The) (BCO) Cheniere Energy Partners LP Holdings LLC (CQH) Position Cut by Blackstone Group L.P. Francesca’s Holdings Corporation (FRAN) Shares Bought by Isthmus Partners LLC January 17th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Patrick Bannon Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Isthmus Partners LLC increased its position in Francesca’s Holdings Corporation (NASDAQ:FRAN) by 3.5% during the third quarter, according to its most recent 13F filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). The firm owned 37,813 shares of the company’s stock after buying an additional 1,273 shares during the period. Isthmus Partners LLC owned approximately 0.10% of Francesca’s Holdings Corporation worth $628,000 at the end of the most recent quarter. Other institutional investors also recently modified their holdings of the company. JPMorgan Chase & Co. raised its position in shares of Francesca’s Holdings Corporation by 119.9% in the second quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 181,772 shares of the company’s stock worth $2,009,000 after buying an additional 99,127 shares during the last quarter. Capstone Asset Management Co. raised its position in Francesca’s Holdings Corporation by 5.7% in the second quarter. Capstone Asset Management Co. now owns 16,916 shares of the company’s stock valued at $187,000 after buying an additional 910 shares in the last quarter. Lucus Advisors LLC acquired a new position in Francesca’s Holdings Corporation during the second quarter valued at approximately $342,000. Prudential Financial Inc. raised its position in Francesca’s Holdings Corporation by 117.1% in the second quarter. Prudential Financial Inc. now owns 994,188 shares of the company’s stock valued at $10,986,000 after buying an additional 536,180 shares in the last quarter. Finally, Weatherbie Capital LLC raised its position in Francesca’s Holdings Corporation by 79.6% in the second quarter. Weatherbie Capital LLC now owns 1,151,802 shares of the company’s stock valued at $12,727,000 after buying an additional 510,437 shares in the last quarter. 97.73% of the stock is currently owned by hedge funds and other institutional investors. Shares of Francesca’s Holdings Corporation (NASDAQ:FRAN) traded up 1.42% on Tuesday, reaching $18.63. 731,766 shares of the company were exchanged. The company has a market capitalization of $703.86 million, a price-to-earnings ratio of 17.49 and a beta of 0.93. Francesca’s Holdings Corporation has a 52 week low of $9.75 and a 52 week high of $22.39. The company’s 50-day moving average is $18.84 and its 200-day moving average is $15.70. Francesca’s Holdings Corporation (NASDAQ:FRAN) last announced its quarterly earnings results on Tuesday, December 6th. The company reported $0.26 earnings per share for the quarter, topping the consensus estimate of $0.18 by $0.08. Francesca’s Holdings Corporation had a net margin of 8.84% and a return on equity of 37.74%. The company had revenue of $119.50 million for the quarter. During the same quarter in the prior year, the firm posted $0.16 EPS. The company’s revenue for the quarter was up 15.2% on a year-over-year basis. On average, equities analysts expect that Francesca’s Holdings Corporation will post $1.08 EPS for the current fiscal year. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION NOTICE: This piece was reported by Daily Political and is the propert of of Daily Political. If you are accessing this piece on another website, it was illegally copied and republished in violation of international trademark and copyright legislation. The legal version of this piece can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/01/17/francescas-holdings-corporation-fran-shares-bought-by-isthmus-partners-llc.html. Several equities analysts recently commented on the stock. Wedbush set a $20.00 target price on shares of Francesca’s Holdings Corporation and gave the company a “hold” rating in a report on Wednesday, December 7th. Jefferies Group reaffirmed a “neutral” rating on shares of Francesca’s Holdings Corporation in a report on Wednesday, December 7th. TheStreet raised shares of Francesca’s Holdings Corporation from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating in a report on Monday, December 19th. Stifel Nicolaus increased their target price on shares of Francesca’s Holdings Corporation from $18.00 to $21.00 and gave the company a “buy” rating in a report on Tuesday, December 6th. Finally, FBR & Co reaffirmed a “market perform” rating and set a $14.00 target price on shares of Francesca’s Holdings Corporation in a report on Friday, September 23rd. One analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, eight have given a hold rating and five have issued a buy rating to the stock. Francesca’s Holdings Corporation presently has an average rating of “Hold” and an average price target of $18.33. About Francesca’s Holdings Corporation Francesca’s Holdings Corporation is a holding company, which conducts its business operations through its subsidiaries. The Company is a specialty retailer that operates a nationwide-chain of boutiques. It is engaged in the operation of boutiques and its direct-to-consumer Website segment. The merchandise assortment is a mix of apparel, jewelry, accessories and gifts. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding FRAN? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Francesca’s Holdings Corporation (NASDAQ:FRAN). Receive News & Ratings for Francesca's Holdings Corporation Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Francesca's Holdings Corporation and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Trump’s Labor Secretary Choice Outsourced Jobs President Trump Agenda: Border Wall and Sanctuary Cities White House Says President Trump Will Not Release His Tax Returns Protesters Plan Big Disruptions for Trump Inauguration Summer Zervos Filing Defamation Suit Against Donald Trump © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact US Privacy Policy Staff Daily Email Updates Headlines Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Investing Strayer Education Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Strayer Education Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Recent Posts National Asset Management Inc. Sells 2 Shares of Apple Hospitality REIT, Inc. (APLE) Bemis Company, Inc. (BMS) Shares Bought by National Asset Management Inc. Panagora Asset Management Inc. Reduces Stake in Everest Re Group, Ltd. (RE) Panagora Asset Management Inc. Buys 12,475 Shares of Reliance Steel & Aluminum Co. (RS) Panagora Asset Management Inc. Acquires 186,494 Shares of American Express Company (AXP) CBS Corporation (CBS) Position Increased by Capital International Sarl Fuller & Thaler Asset Management Inc. Lowers Position in ADTRAN, Inc. (ADTN) Energizer Holdings, Inc. (ENR) Stake Lowered by Fuller & Thaler Asset Management Inc. TPG Group Holdings SBS Advisors Inc. Sells 716,539 Shares of Verint Systems Inc. (VRNT) Blackstone Group L.P. Invests $9,189,000 in Brunswick Corporation (BC) Gamestop Corporation (GME) Stake Cut by National Asset Management Inc. Blackstone Group L.P. Sells 11,441 Shares of W.R. Grace & Co. (GRA) Fuller & Thaler Asset Management Inc. Has $52,380,000 Position in Artisan Partners Asset Management Inc. (APAM) Highbridge Capital Management LLC Boosts Stake in United Therapeutics Corporation (UTHR) Coca-Cola European Partners PLC (CCE) Shares Sold by Highbridge Capital Management LLC Highbridge Capital Management LLC Sells 45,230 Shares of DISH Network Corporation (DISH) Highbridge Capital Management LLC Boosts Stake in Brink’s Company (The) (BCO) Moors & Cabot Inc. Sells 2,391 Shares of Mplx Lp (MPLX) General Mills, Inc. (GIS) Shares Bought by Moors & Cabot Inc. Moors & Cabot Inc. Has $1,034,000 Stake in National Oilwell Varco, Inc. (NOV) Isthmus Partners LLC Has $633,000 Position in Strayer Education, Inc. (STRA) Posted by Abby Graham on Jan 18th, 2017 // No Comments Tweet Isthmus Partners LLC boosted its position in shares of Strayer Education, Inc. (NASDAQ:STRA) by 2.4% during the third quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The firm owned 13,798 shares of the company’s stock after buying an additional 318 shares during the period. Isthmus Partners LLC owned 0.13% of Strayer Education worth $633,000 at the end of the most recent reporting period. A number of other hedge funds and other institutional investors have also recently bought and sold shares of STRA. JPMorgan Chase & Co. boosted its position in Strayer Education by 4.8% in the second quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 244,575 shares of the company’s stock worth $12,016,000 after buying an additional 11,104 shares during the period. Emerald Acquisition Ltd. bought a new stake in shares of Strayer Education during the second quarter worth about $1,879,000. Public Employees Retirement System of Ohio raised its stake in shares of Strayer Education by 1,114.7% in the second quarter. Public Employees Retirement System of Ohio now owns 33,794 shares of the company’s stock worth $1,660,000 after buying an additional 31,012 shares in the last quarter. California Public Employees Retirement System raised its stake in shares of Strayer Education by 0.6% in the third quarter. California Public Employees Retirement System now owns 65,112 shares of the company’s stock worth $3,039,000 after buying an additional 400 shares in the last quarter. Finally, Wedge Capital Management L L P NC raised its stake in shares of Strayer Education by 66.0% in the second quarter. Wedge Capital Management L L P NC now owns 9,100 shares of the company’s stock worth $371,000 after buying an additional 3,619 shares in the last quarter. Institutional investors and hedge funds own 90.69% of the company’s stock. Shares of Strayer Education, Inc. (NASDAQ:STRA) traded down 2.00% during mid-day trading on Tuesday, hitting $78.84. 55,162 shares of the stock were exchanged. The stock has a market cap of $836.97 million, a price-to-earnings ratio of 23.55 and a beta of 1.04. The company has a 50-day moving average price of $80.29 and a 200-day moving average price of $58.49. Strayer Education, Inc. has a 12 month low of $42.39 and a 12 month high of $83.92. Strayer Education (NASDAQ:STRA) last announced its quarterly earnings data on Wednesday, October 26th. The company reported $0.25 earnings per share for the quarter, beating analysts’ consensus estimates of $0.22 by $0.03. The company had revenue of $102.20 million for the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $102.62 million. Strayer Education had a return on equity of 21.76% and a net margin of 8.30%. The firm’s revenue for the quarter was up 3.1% on a year-over-year basis. During the same quarter last year, the firm posted $0.32 EPS. Equities analysts expect that Strayer Education, Inc. will post $3.26 earnings per share for the current year. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION NOTICE: This piece was reported by Web Breaking News and is the propert of of Web Breaking News. If you are reading this piece on another domain, it was illegally stolen and republished in violation of US & international trademark and copyright law. The correct version of this piece can be accessed at http://www.webbreakingnews.com/2017/01/18/isthmus-partners-llc-has-633000-position-in-strayer-education-inc-stra.html. Separately, Zacks Investment Research lowered shares of Strayer Education from a “hold” rating to a “sell” rating in a research note on Tuesday, November 8th. Two equities research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, two have given a hold rating and one has given a buy rating to the stock. Strayer Education has an average rating of “Hold” and an average target price of $50.75. Strayer Education Company Profile Strayer Education, Inc is an education services holding company. The Company provides post-secondary education services. The Company offers a range of academic programs through its subsidiaries, Strayer University, Inc (the University) and New York Code and Design Academy (NYCDA). The University offers undergraduate and graduate degree programs in business administration, accounting, information technology, education, health services administration, public administration and criminal justice at approximately 80 physical campuses located in the Mid-Atlantic and Southern regions of the United States, and online. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding STRA? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Strayer Education, Inc. (NASDAQ:STRA). Receive News & Ratings for Strayer Education Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Strayer Education Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter. « Previous Carpenter Technology Corporation (CRS) Stock Rating Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research Next » Curis, Inc. (CRIS) Downgraded by Zacks Investment Research to “Hold” Latest News Nike Suspends Relationship with Maria Sharapova Rob Bironas Ex-Titans Kicker Dies in Car Crash Ron Washington Leaves Texas Rangers Due to an Affair Jonathan Dwyer Falls in Line with Other Banned NFL Players Tony Stewart Case Going to the Grand Jury Oscar Pistorius “Blade Runner” Found Not Guilty of Murder Leave a Reply Click here to cancel reply. Name (Required) Mail (will not be published) (Required) Website   Home Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Headlines Investing © 2006-2017 Web Breaking News.
Home About/Contact US Privacy Policy Staff Daily Email Updates Headlines Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Investing Unum Group - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Unum Group with our FREE daily email newsletter: Recent Posts National Asset Management Inc. Sells 2 Shares of Apple Hospitality REIT, Inc. (APLE) Bemis Company, Inc. (BMS) Shares Bought by National Asset Management Inc. Panagora Asset Management Inc. Reduces Stake in Everest Re Group, Ltd. (RE) Panagora Asset Management Inc. Buys 12,475 Shares of Reliance Steel & Aluminum Co. (RS) Panagora Asset Management Inc. Acquires 186,494 Shares of American Express Company (AXP) CBS Corporation (CBS) Position Increased by Capital International Sarl Fuller & Thaler Asset Management Inc. Lowers Position in ADTRAN, Inc. (ADTN) Energizer Holdings, Inc. (ENR) Stake Lowered by Fuller & Thaler Asset Management Inc. TPG Group Holdings SBS Advisors Inc. Sells 716,539 Shares of Verint Systems Inc. (VRNT) Blackstone Group L.P. Invests $9,189,000 in Brunswick Corporation (BC) Gamestop Corporation (GME) Stake Cut by National Asset Management Inc. Blackstone Group L.P. Sells 11,441 Shares of W.R. Grace & Co. (GRA) Fuller & Thaler Asset Management Inc. Has $52,380,000 Position in Artisan Partners Asset Management Inc. (APAM) Highbridge Capital Management LLC Boosts Stake in United Therapeutics Corporation (UTHR) Coca-Cola European Partners PLC (CCE) Shares Sold by Highbridge Capital Management LLC Highbridge Capital Management LLC Sells 45,230 Shares of DISH Network Corporation (DISH) Highbridge Capital Management LLC Boosts Stake in Brink’s Company (The) (BCO) Moors & Cabot Inc. Sells 2,391 Shares of Mplx Lp (MPLX) General Mills, Inc. (GIS) Shares Bought by Moors & Cabot Inc. Moors & Cabot Inc. Has $1,034,000 Stake in National Oilwell Varco, Inc. (NOV) Unum Group (UNM) Shares Sold by Natixis Asset Management Posted by William Strong on Jan 18th, 2017 // No Comments Tweet Natixis Asset Management reduced its position in Unum Group (NYSE:UNM) by 18.0% during the third quarter, according to its most recent Form 13F filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). The fund owned 18,483 shares of the company’s stock after selling 4,057 shares during the period. Natixis Asset Management’s holdings in Unum Group were worth $653,000 at the end of the most recent quarter. A number of other institutional investors also recently made changes to their positions in UNM. Vanguard Group Inc. increased its position in Unum Group by 4.1% in the second quarter. Vanguard Group Inc. now owns 22,424,545 shares of the company’s stock worth $712,877,000 after buying an additional 875,760 shares in the last quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. increased its position in Unum Group by 1.8% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 10,541,586 shares of the company’s stock worth $372,224,000 after buying an additional 183,517 shares in the last quarter. Boston Partners increased its position in Unum Group by 5.9% in the third quarter. Boston Partners now owns 8,717,489 shares of the company’s stock worth $307,814,000 after buying an additional 483,254 shares in the last quarter. Donald Smith & CO. Inc. increased its position in Unum Group by 0.4% in the second quarter. Donald Smith & CO. Inc. now owns 6,803,180 shares of the company’s stock worth $216,273,000 after buying an additional 28,101 shares in the last quarter. Finally, BlackRock Institutional Trust Company N.A. increased its position in Unum Group by 0.7% in the third quarter. BlackRock Institutional Trust Company N.A. now owns 6,574,819 shares of the company’s stock worth $232,157,000 after buying an additional 47,918 shares in the last quarter. 92.75% of the stock is owned by hedge funds and other institutional investors. Unum Group (NYSE:UNM) traded down 1.96% on Tuesday, reaching $43.91. 1,304,137 shares of the company’s stock traded hands. The company’s 50 day moving average is $43.91 and its 200-day moving average is $37.50. The stock has a market cap of $10.19 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 11.52 and a beta of 1.56. Unum Group has a 52-week low of $23.99 and a 52-week high of $45.47. Unum Group (NYSE:UNM) last issued its quarterly earnings data on Wednesday, October 26th. The company reported $0.99 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, beating analysts’ consensus estimates of $0.95 by $0.04. The firm earned $2.76 billion during the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $2.74 billion. Unum Group had a net margin of 8.29% and a return on equity of 10.24%. The business’s revenue was up 4.0% on a year-over-year basis. During the same period last year, the company earned $0.83 earnings per share. Equities analysts expect that Unum Group will post $3.90 EPS for the current year. The firm also recently disclosed a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Friday, February 17th. Stockholders of record on Monday, January 30th will be issued a dividend of $0.20 per share. This represents a $0.80 dividend on an annualized basis and a dividend yield of 1.82%. Unum Group’s dividend payout ratio is currently 20.94%. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY WARNING: “Unum Group (UNM) Shares Sold by Natixis Asset Management” was originally posted by Web Breaking News and is owned by of Web Breaking News. If you are viewing this report on another site, it was copied illegally and reposted in violation of U.S. & international trademark & copyright law. The original version of this report can be accessed at http://www.webbreakingnews.com/2017/01/18/unum-group-unm-shares-sold-by-natixis-asset-management.html. A number of equities analysts have recently commented on the stock. Zacks Investment Research downgraded shares of Unum Group from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating in a research note on Thursday, December 1st. Barclays PLC restated a “buy” rating and set a $50.00 price objective on shares of Unum Group in a research note on Monday, January 9th. RBC Capital Markets restated a “sector perform” rating on shares of Unum Group in a research note on Friday, December 9th. Royal Bank Of Canada downgraded shares of Unum Group from an “outperform” rating to a “sector perform” rating and set a $43.00 price objective for the company. in a research note on Friday, December 9th. Finally, FBR & Co increased their price objective on shares of Unum Group from $31.00 to $40.00 and gave the stock an “underperform” rating in a research note on Monday, November 28th. Four research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, eight have given a hold rating and three have issued a buy rating to the stock. Unum Group has a consensus rating of “Hold” and a consensus target price of $39.54. In other news, Director Thomas R. Watjen sold 178,927 shares of Unum Group stock in a transaction dated Friday, October 28th. The shares were sold at an average price of $35.56, for a total transaction of $6,362,644.12. The sale was disclosed in a legal filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is available through this link. Also, CFO John F. Mcgarry sold 12,000 shares of Unum Group stock in a transaction dated Monday, November 14th. The shares were sold at an average price of $41.44, for a total transaction of $497,280.00. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Insiders own 0.62% of the company’s stock. Unum Group Company Profile Unum Group is a provider of disability insurance products in the United States and the United Kingdom. The Company provides a portfolio of other insurance products, including employer and employee paid group benefits, life insurance and other related services. Its segments are Unum US, Unum UK, Colonial Life, Closed Block and Corporate. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding UNM? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Unum Group (NYSE:UNM). Receive News & Ratings for Unum Group Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Unum Group and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter. « Previous Curis, Inc. (CRIS) Downgraded by Zacks Investment Research to “Hold” Next » Stephens Inc. AR Raises Stake in CenterPoint Energy, Inc. (CNP) Latest News Nike Suspends Relationship with Maria Sharapova Rob Bironas Ex-Titans Kicker Dies in Car Crash Ron Washington Leaves Texas Rangers Due to an Affair Jonathan Dwyer Falls in Line with Other Banned NFL Players Tony Stewart Case Going to the Grand Jury Oscar Pistorius “Blade Runner” Found Not Guilty of Murder Leave a Reply Click here to cancel reply. Name (Required) Mail (will not be published) (Required) Website   Home Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Headlines Investing © 2006-2017 Web Breaking News.
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy   Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Popular Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Popular Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News National Asset Management Inc. Has $607,000 Stake in American Water Works (AWK) Panagora Asset Management Inc. Boosts Position in eBay Inc. (EBAY) Panagora Asset Management Inc. Buys 989,883 Shares of Baxter International Inc. (BAX) Panagora Asset Management Inc. Has $49,920,000 Position in Western Alliance Bancorporation (WAL) Eli Lilly and Company (LLY) Position Lowered by Capital International Sarl Goldman Sachs Group, Inc. (The) (GS) Position Reduced by Capital International Sarl Capital International Sarl Maintains Position in Canadian National Railway Company (CNI) Capital International Sarl Maintains Position in Cognizant Technology Solutions Corp (CTSH) Fuller & Thaler Asset Management Inc. Acquires 2,304,519 Shares of Verifone Systems, Inc. (PAY) Blackstone Group L.P. Invests $13,851,000 in Take-Two Interactive Software, Inc. (TTWO) TPG Group Holdings SBS Advisors Inc. Cuts Position in Continental Building Products, Inc. (CBPX) TPG Group Holdings SBS Advisors Inc. Sells 3,273 Shares of LinkedIn Corp (LNKD) National Asset Management Inc. Has $858,000 Position in Medtronic PLC (MDT) E.W. Scripps Company (The) (SSP) Shares Bought by Blackstone Group L.P. Blackstone Group L.P. Maintains Stake in NantHealth Inc (NH) Fuller & Thaler Asset Management Inc. Has $59,582,000 Stake in Cabot Corporation (CBT) Fuller & Thaler Asset Management Inc. Sells 9,719 Shares of MTS Systems Corporation (MTSC) Fuller & Thaler Asset Management Inc. Sells 494,508 Shares of El Paso Electric Company (EE) Fuller & Thaler Asset Management Inc. Decreases Position in Brink’s Company (The) (BCO) Cheniere Energy Partners LP Holdings LLC (CQH) Position Cut by Blackstone Group L.P. Convergence Investment Partners LLC Acquires New Stake in Popular, Inc. (BPOP) January 17th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Tyrone Williams Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Convergence Investment Partners LLC acquired a new stake in shares of Popular, Inc. (NASDAQ:BPOP) during the third quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The fund acquired 17,934 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $685,000. Other large investors have also added to or reduced their stakes in the company. BlackRock Institutional Trust Company N.A. boosted its stake in Popular by 1.4% in the third quarter. BlackRock Institutional Trust Company N.A. now owns 2,580,653 shares of the company’s stock valued at $98,633,000 after buying an additional 36,021 shares during the period. JPMorgan Chase & Co. boosted its stake in Popular by 16.3% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 1,243,653 shares of the company’s stock valued at $47,534,000 after buying an additional 173,994 shares during the period. Boston Partners boosted its stake in Popular by 26.9% in the third quarter. Boston Partners now owns 592,280 shares of the company’s stock valued at $22,637,000 after buying an additional 125,519 shares during the period. Emerald Acquisition Ltd. boosted its stake in Popular by 76.5% in the third quarter. Emerald Acquisition Ltd. now owns 1,262,214 shares of the company’s stock valued at $48,242,000 after buying an additional 547,009 shares during the period. Finally, First Quadrant L P CA boosted its stake in Popular by 41.1% in the third quarter. First Quadrant L P CA now owns 280,596 shares of the company’s stock valued at $10,724,000 after buying an additional 81,796 shares during the period. 84.12% of the stock is currently owned by institutional investors. Popular, Inc. (NASDAQ:BPOP) traded down 3.02% on Tuesday, hitting $43.06. The stock had a trading volume of 428,047 shares. The company has a market cap of $4.47 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 12.54 and a beta of 1.62. Popular, Inc. has a 52-week low of $22.40 and a 52-week high of $45.58. The company has a 50 day moving average price of $43.65 and a 200-day moving average price of $38.52. Popular (NASDAQ:BPOP) last announced its earnings results on Tuesday, October 25th. The company reported $0.44 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, missing the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of $0.88 by $0.44. Popular had a net margin of 17.25% and a return on equity of 6.99%. During the same period last year, the business earned $0.82 EPS. On average, equities research analysts predict that Popular, Inc. will post $3.04 earnings per share for the current year. The firm also recently announced a quarterly dividend, which was paid on Monday, January 2nd. Investors of record on Friday, December 9th were given a dividend of $0.15 per share. This represents a $0.60 annualized dividend and a yield of 1.39%. The ex-dividend date was Wednesday, December 7th. Popular’s dividend payout ratio is currently 17.54%. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY NOTICE: “Convergence Investment Partners LLC Acquires New Stake in Popular, Inc. (BPOP)” was originally reported by Daily Political and is the propert of of Daily Political. If you are accessing this piece on another website, it was illegally stolen and reposted in violation of US & international trademark and copyright laws. The correct version of this piece can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/01/17/convergence-investment-partners-llc-acquires-new-stake-in-popular-inc-bpop.html. Several brokerages have issued reports on BPOP. Zacks Investment Research raised Popular from a “sell” rating to a “hold” rating in a research report on Friday, November 18th. Keefe, Bruyette & Woods reissued an “outperform” rating on shares of Popular in a research report on Wednesday, October 12th. Compass Point cut Popular from a “buy” rating to a “neutral” rating in a research report on Friday, November 18th. Finally, BTIG Research cut Popular from a “buy” rating to a “neutral” rating in a research report on Tuesday, November 22nd. They noted that the move was a valuation call. Five research analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and five have assigned a buy rating to the company. The stock presently has an average rating of “Buy” and a consensus price target of $40.67. In other Popular news, insider Juan Guerrero sold 6,000 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction dated Friday, November 4th. The stock was sold at an average price of $36.31, for a total transaction of $217,860.00. Following the sale, the insider now owns 46,860 shares in the company, valued at approximately $1,701,486.60. The transaction was disclosed in a document filed with the SEC, which can be accessed through the SEC website. Also, CEO Richard L. Carrion sold 16,858 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction dated Thursday, October 27th. The shares were sold at an average price of $37.44, for a total value of $631,163.52. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Corporate insiders own 1.28% of the company’s stock. About Popular Popular, Inc (Popular) is a financial holding company. The Company operates in two segments: Banco Popular de Puerto Rico (BPPR), which includes its Puerto Rico business, and Banco Popular North America (BPNA), which includes its the United States mainland business. The Company has operations in Puerto Rico, the United States and the Caribbean. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding BPOP? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Popular, Inc. (NASDAQ:BPOP). Receive News & Ratings for Popular Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Popular Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Trump’s Labor Secretary Choice Outsourced Jobs President Trump Agenda: Border Wall and Sanctuary Cities White House Says President Trump Will Not Release His Tax Returns Protesters Plan Big Disruptions for Trump Inauguration Summer Zervos Filing Defamation Suit Against Donald Trump © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy   Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance First BanCorp. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for First BanCorp. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News National Asset Management Inc. Has $607,000 Stake in American Water Works (AWK) Panagora Asset Management Inc. Boosts Position in eBay Inc. (EBAY) Panagora Asset Management Inc. Buys 989,883 Shares of Baxter International Inc. (BAX) Panagora Asset Management Inc. Has $49,920,000 Position in Western Alliance Bancorporation (WAL) Eli Lilly and Company (LLY) Position Lowered by Capital International Sarl Goldman Sachs Group, Inc. (The) (GS) Position Reduced by Capital International Sarl Capital International Sarl Maintains Position in Canadian National Railway Company (CNI) Capital International Sarl Maintains Position in Cognizant Technology Solutions Corp (CTSH) Fuller & Thaler Asset Management Inc. Acquires 2,304,519 Shares of Verifone Systems, Inc. (PAY) Blackstone Group L.P. Invests $13,851,000 in Take-Two Interactive Software, Inc. (TTWO) TPG Group Holdings SBS Advisors Inc. Cuts Position in Continental Building Products, Inc. (CBPX) TPG Group Holdings SBS Advisors Inc. Sells 3,273 Shares of LinkedIn Corp (LNKD) National Asset Management Inc. Has $858,000 Position in Medtronic PLC (MDT) E.W. Scripps Company (The) (SSP) Shares Bought by Blackstone Group L.P. Blackstone Group L.P. Maintains Stake in NantHealth Inc (NH) Fuller & Thaler Asset Management Inc. Has $59,582,000 Stake in Cabot Corporation (CBT) Fuller & Thaler Asset Management Inc. Sells 9,719 Shares of MTS Systems Corporation (MTSC) Fuller & Thaler Asset Management Inc. Sells 494,508 Shares of El Paso Electric Company (EE) Fuller & Thaler Asset Management Inc. Decreases Position in Brink’s Company (The) (BCO) Cheniere Energy Partners LP Holdings LLC (CQH) Position Cut by Blackstone Group L.P. Zacks Investment Management Has $991,000 Stake in First BanCorp. (FBP) January 17th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Tyrone Williams Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Zacks Investment Management cut its position in shares of First BanCorp. (NYSE:FBP) by 18.8% during the third quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The fund owned 190,662 shares of the company’s stock after selling 44,090 shares during the period. Zacks Investment Management owned about 0.09% of First BanCorp. worth $991,000 at the end of the most recent quarter. A number of other hedge funds and other institutional investors have also bought and sold shares of FBP. JPMorgan Chase & Co. boosted its position in First BanCorp. by 45.3% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 5,595,165 shares of the company’s stock worth $29,095,000 after buying an additional 1,744,292 shares during the last quarter. Emerald Acquisition Ltd. acquired a new position in First BanCorp. during the second quarter worth about $4,215,000. Vanguard Group Inc. boosted its position in First BanCorp. by 9.9% in the second quarter. Vanguard Group Inc. now owns 9,838,294 shares of the company’s stock worth $39,058,000 after buying an additional 886,154 shares during the last quarter. Stilwell Value LLC boosted its position in First BanCorp. by 134.6% in the second quarter. Stilwell Value LLC now owns 1,356,125 shares of the company’s stock worth $5,384,000 after buying an additional 778,125 shares during the last quarter. Finally, BlackRock Fund Advisors boosted its position in First BanCorp. by 8.8% in the third quarter. BlackRock Fund Advisors now owns 8,323,738 shares of the company’s stock worth $43,283,000 after buying an additional 673,428 shares during the last quarter. 85.00% of the stock is owned by hedge funds and other institutional investors. First BanCorp. (NYSE:FBP) traded down 4.15% on Tuesday, reaching $6.46. The company’s stock had a trading volume of 781,771 shares. The firm’s 50-day moving average price is $6.53 and its 200-day moving average price is $5.32. The stock has a market cap of $1.38 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 16.56 and a beta of 2.10. First BanCorp. has a 52-week low of $2.06 and a 52-week high of $7.05. First BanCorp. (NYSE:FBP) last announced its quarterly earnings results on Tuesday, October 25th. The company reported $0.11 EPS for the quarter, beating the Zacks’ consensus estimate of $0.10 by $0.01. First BanCorp. had a return on equity of 4.90% and a net margin of 12.76%. During the same period in the previous year, the business posted $0.07 earnings per share. On average, equities analysts expect that First BanCorp. will post $0.41 earnings per share for the current year. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION WARNING: This article was posted by Daily Political and is the propert of of Daily Political. If you are reading this article on another publication, it was illegally stolen and reposted in violation of United States and international trademark & copyright legislation. The legal version of this article can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/01/17/zacks-investment-management-has-991000-stake-in-first-bancorp-fbp.html. Separately, Zacks Investment Research raised First BanCorp. from a “hold” rating to a “strong-buy” rating and set a $6.00 target price for the company in a research note on Thursday, October 13th. In other news, Director Oaktree Fund Gp, Llc sold 10,350,000 shares of the stock in a transaction on Monday, December 5th. The stock was sold at an average price of $5.36, for a total value of $55,476,000.00. The sale was disclosed in a legal filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which can be accessed through this hyperlink. Also, EVP Nayda Rivera sold 8,085 shares of the stock in a transaction on Thursday, November 10th. The shares were sold at an average price of $5.77, for a total value of $46,650.45. Following the completion of the transaction, the executive vice president now owns 389,377 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $2,246,705.29. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. 41.11% of the stock is owned by insiders. First BanCorp. Company Profile Want to see what other hedge funds are holding FBP? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for First BanCorp. (NYSE:FBP). Receive News & Ratings for First BanCorp. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for First BanCorp. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Trump’s Labor Secretary Choice Outsourced Jobs President Trump Agenda: Border Wall and Sanctuary Cities White House Says President Trump Will Not Release His Tax Returns Protesters Plan Big Disruptions for Trump Inauguration Summer Zervos Filing Defamation Suit Against Donald Trump © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
HOME EDITION News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance CNBC Explains Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Recode Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows Watch Live CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Full Episodes More Log In | Register Log Out News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Consumer Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Halftime Portfolio Squawk Box Portfolio Take a Tour Subscribe Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance CNBC Explains Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Recode Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Special Reports CNBC Disruptor 50 FA Playbook Modern Medicine Quarterly Investment Guide FinTech CNBC Upstart 25 Retail Report Future Opportunities Your Money, Your Future Original Series Executive Edge Trading Nation Futures Now Retire Well The Pulse @ 1 Market The Bottom Line CNBC Events Davos Delivering Alpha eMerge Americas iCONIC Conference Cambridge Cyber Summit Sohn Conference Follow CNBC EDITION Register Log In Profile Email Preferences PRO Sign Out Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Halftime Portfolio Squawk Box Portfolio Take a Tour Subscribe LIVE TV Watch CNBC TV Watch CNBC Pro Watchlist X × × × Mad Money with Jim Cramer Cramer explains why this is the perfect environment for bank stocks to roar higher Abigail Stevenson | @A_StevensonCNBC Tuesday, 17 Jan 2017 | 6:40 PM ETCNBC.com SHARES show chapters Cramer explains why this is the perfect environment for bank stocks to roar higher    Tuesday, 17 Jan 2017 | 1:00 PM ET | 08:16 Financial stocks took a nosedive on Tuesday, but that didn't scare off Jim Cramer from the group. "I am committed to this group and after some profit-taking, I think it runs anew," the "Mad Money" host said. On Friday, three of the largest banks in the U.S. — Bank of America, JPMorgan and Wells Fargo — issued statements that were incredibly positive. Many investors believe that the recent rally in financials is based on a mere post-election high, but Cramer disagreed. Banks have been waiting for this moment, Cramer said, and they have been prepared to strike at the right time. Scott Mlyn | CNBC Pedestrians pass in front of a Bank of America branch in New York City. "It is the ideal backdrop for the bank stocks to go higher." -Jim Cramer All three banks took advantage of the Great Recession to increase national market share, as JPMorgan controls 13 percent of the nation's deposits, followed by Bank of America at 9.9 percent and Wells Fargo at 9.7 percent. Wells Fargo is the country's largest lender with 12 percent of the market. JPMorgan has 6.3 percent and Bank of America has 4.2 percent. Needless to say, the three banks all have a solid read on what is happening in the industry. All three confirmed there are more loans, more spending and fewer customers going broke on their conference calls. They all painted a very strong picture that things have picked up after the election. "I cannot stress how important all of this is," Cramer said. That means the banks will be ready when more rate hikes come along, and will have a large amount of cash ready to lend. "It is the ideal backdrop for the bank stocks to go higher," Cramer said. Questions for Cramer? Call Cramer: 1-800-743-CNBC Want to take a deep dive into Cramer's world? Hit him up! Mad Money Twitter - Jim Cramer Twitter - Facebook - Instagram - Vine Questions, comments, suggestions for the "Mad Money" website? madcap@cnbc.com Abigail StevensonDigital Producer Related Securities Symbol Price   Change %Change BAC --- JPM --- WFC --- Cramer's New Book To view this site, you need to have JavaScript enabled in your browser, and either the Flash Plugin or an HTML5-Video enabled browser. Download the latest Flash player and try again. Playing Share this video... × Watch Next...
Skip to navigation Skip to content Skip to footer View text version of this page Help using this website - Accessibility statement Menu WA Today Comment Login Sign-up Become a WA Today member today Join today and you can easily save your favourite articles, join in the conversation and comment, plus select which news your want direct to your inbox. Create your account now! Become a WA Today member today Join today and you can easily save your favourite articles, join in the conversation and comment, plus select which news your want direct to your inbox. Create your account now! Home News Sport Business World Politics Comment Property Entertainment Lifestyle Travel Cars Tech Video All News WA News National Environment Health Education Galleries Good Weekend NSW News Victoria News ACT News Queensland Sport AFL WA Sport Cricket Union Soccer NRL Racing Golf Basketball Cycling Motorsport Tennis Scores Athletics Swimming Boxing Sailing Netball Fitz Files Business News & Views Markets Quotes Workplace Consumer Property Innovation Retail Economy CBD Money Small Business Politics Political News Political Opinion Video Cartoons The Pulse Federal Election 2016 Your Vote Electorate Map Comment View from the Street John Birmingham Obituaries Satire Heckler Entertainment Movies TV & Radio TV Guide Music Art Stage Books Your Perth Video Lifestyle News & Views Life & Relationships Health & Wellbeing Beauty Fashion Celebrity Home The Optimist Tech News Security Web Culture Innovation Sci-Tech Games Gadgets Smartphone Apps Mobiles Video News Sport Business Entertainment Lifestyle Property Cars Food Exec Style Parenting Search Site View from the Street John Birmingham Obituaries Satire Heckler Home Comment COMMENT January 17 2017 Save Print How big data can keep the banks in check Clancy Yeates Contact via Email Follow on Google Plus Follow on Twitter facebook SHARE twitter TWEET email google-plus linkedin reddit More When it comes to your finances, big brother is certainly watching. As we do more shopping and banking online, banks get an ever more elaborate picture of our spending habits and how we manage money. Play Video Replay Video Play Video Don't Play Up Next 'Same problems as London': Morrison doubles down on negative gearing Play Video Don't Play Video duration 03:04 More BusinessDay Videos Previous slide Next slide Video duration 02:27 Productivity commission spruiks 'new data ... Productivity commission spruiks 'new data revolution' Right now citizens don't have access to their own data, but the Productivity Commission has put forward a bold plan to change that. Find out how it will benefit you. Up Next 'Same problems as London': Morrison doubles down on negative gearing Play Video Don't Play Video duration 03:04 Video duration 03:04 'Same problems as London': Morrison ... 'Same problems as London': Morrison doubles down on negative gearing High property prices in the UK show that Australia's housing affordability crisis is not related to negative gearing, Treasurer Scott Morrison told business leaders in Marylebone, in the UK. Up Next The ups and down of trading with Trump Play Video Don't Play Video duration 01:46 Video duration 01:46 The ups and down of trading with Trump The ups and down of trading with Trump A trade accord that will boost global exports by $1 trillion should come into force within two weeks, the head of WTO says, just as the rhetoric of U.S. President Donald Trump clouds the outlook for global trade. Up Next Former Billabong CEO jailed Play Video Don't Play Video duration 02:10 Video duration 02:10 Former Billabong CEO jailed Former Billabong CEO jailed Ex-Billabong CEO Matthew Perrin is been sentenced to eight years in jail for fraud. Up Next Negative gearing explained Play Video Don't Play Video duration 00:19 Video duration 00:19 Negative gearing explained Negative gearing explained You've heard the term bandied around, but what actually is negative gearing? Up Next Australia's Day off Play Video Don't Play Video duration 01:41 Video duration 01:41 Australia's Day off Australia's Day off With the national holiday on a Thursday this year, how many people are taking a sickie today for a long weekend? Up Next Trump: It's going to be America first again Play Video Don't Play Video duration 02:24 Video duration 02:24 Trump: It's going to be America first ... Trump: It's going to be America first again US President Donald Trump discusses trade, taxes, financial reform and infrastructure at a Republican congressional retreat in Philadelphia. Up Next Is a AAA credit rating that important? Play Video Don't Play Video duration 02:26 Video duration 02:26 Is a AAA credit rating that important? Is a AAA credit rating that important? Australia's politicians love to bang on about the country's credit rating, but what is it, and what will happen if we lost our triple-A status? More videos Productivity commission spruiks 'new data revolution' Right now citizens don't have access to their own data, but the Productivity Commission has put forward a bold plan to change that. Find out how it will benefit you. They can track where you spend, what you're buying, and how this changes according to age or gender. "We know exactly who's spending what, how many times people are interacting with Apple Pay, which cards they use," ANZ chief executive Shayne Elliott said late last year. SHARE Share on Facebook SHARE Share on Twitter TWEET Pin to Pinterest PIN Link Illustration: Andrew Dyson  Elliott was referring to customers who've uploaded their credit cards onto their iPhones using a system called Apple Pay, which turns a phone into a "digital wallet". But all banks get the same information on anyone using a credit card. ANZ's oldest customer to upload their credit card onto their iPhone is 90, by the way. In Japan, things have gone further. Banks there are reportedly experimenting with computer programs that analyse recorded conversations between customers and staff in call centres, then figure out what type of comments prompt customers to buy products. It can then helpfully suggest to bankers when to "interject" to best make a sale. Advertisement The potential for things to cross a line and get creepy is pretty clear. But what if this information could be used to get customers a better deal? Well, perhaps it could be. SHARE Share on Facebook SHARE Share on Twitter TWEET Pin to Pinterest PIN Link Australia's banks will need to raise up to $130 billion on debt markets in 2017, analysts predict. Photo: Louie Douvis One of the more interesting recommendations of last year's House of Representatives banking inquiry was to force banks to securely "share" more of the financial data they hold on millions of Australians. The idea isn't as crazy as it may sound. Indeed, if the government is serious about putting more competitive heat on the Big Four banks – something it's been pursuing since Labor's popular call for a banking royal commission – this would be a good place to start. SHARE Share on Facebook SHARE Share on Twitter TWEET Pin to Pinterest PIN Link The banks are less than thrilled about calls for them to share the most lucrative data they hold.  Your data, you see, has become a hot commodity in the financial world. Why shouldn't you be able to get value out of it? Banks have always known huge amounts about their customers. But the online revolution means this data is now being sought by a new wave of financial technology, or "fintech" businesses, who also want to lend you money or provide you with a transaction account. SHARE Share on Facebook SHARE Share on Twitter TWEET Pin to Pinterest PIN Link NAB and ANZ Bank have said they'd support consumers having more access to their data. Photo: Glenn Hunt Aside from their (recently tarnished) reputations, banks' data is one of the biggest advantages they have against these upstarts. In Britain, the government wants to even the playing field. SHARE Share on Facebook SHARE Share on Twitter TWEET Pin to Pinterest PIN Link Your data has become a hot commodity in the financial world. Photo: Bloomberg In what it calls an "open banking revolution", big British lenders have been given until 2018 to comply with a system that would allow customers to easily "share" their bank account histories with rival banks, in search of a better deal. It's being done in a way that means no one's passwords would be released, nor would private financial material without the customer's permission. And guess why Britain went down this path: it said the older established banks weren't competing hard enough in a market they dominated. Sound familiar? After the Australian banks failed to match official interest rate cuts last August, politicians and regulators here took notice. A parliamentary inquiry into banks that Malcolm Turnbull ordered that month said the local banks should be forced into a similar scheme by 2018. Why would that help? You can see why the banks' rivals want to get their hands on the data. But economics suggest consumers end up ahead if corporations give people access to the data they hold on them, especially in a concentrated market like banking, where about 80 per cent of home loans are with the big four. One benefit of data sharing is it could make it easier to dump your bank if you weren't happy with its performance – something very few of us do today, possibly because of the hassles involved. Data sharing could mean being able to change banks without needing to hand over piles of documents to prove your identity, because your existing bank would have to pass this information on. If smaller rival banks could easily get electronic files showing your income and spending, they'd also be better placed to offer you a competitive interest rate on your mortgage. Big data can even help deter consumers from making financial decisions that only really serve to enrich bank shareholders, like paying sky-high interest rates of 20 per cent or higher on credit cards. The inquiry describes an online program that would tell people – based on their financial history – whether they really should sign up for that platinum rewards credit card, or if a no-frills card with a lower rate might make more sense for them. As you'd expect, the banks are less than thrilled about calls for them to share the most lucrative data they hold. National Australia Bank and ANZ told a Productivity Commission inquiry in this area they'd support consumers having more access to their data, but have also raised concerns about their commercial interests. But for a Prime Minister who loves talking about innovation and has a political problem with the banks, adopting this recommendation could make a lot of sense. Ross Gittins is on leave. 7 comments Comment are now closed Sort comments by Oldest Newest Advertisement HuffPost Australia One Nation Scraps Another Queensland ... Contains: External link The Great Wildebeest Migration Will ... Contains: External link Most Popular Trump, 'alternative facts' and why Orwell's 1984 is a 2017 must-read Let's talk about Australia day... No, I'm bloody serious ​We need to reinvent Australia Day – both its date and its character The delivery drivers' secret for getting from A to B as quickly as possible Protest gives Trump a rare glimpse at reality Follow WA Today Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Advertisement Most Viewed Today Previous slide Next slide Comment Let's talk about Australia day... No, I'm bloody serious Trump, 'alternative facts' and why Orwell's 1984 is a 2017 must-read ​We need to reinvent Australia Day – both its date and its character Protest gives Trump a rare glimpse at reality The delivery drivers' secret for getting from A to B as quickly as possible WA Today Swan River plane crash at Perth Skyshow: Tributes for victims Peter Lynch, Endah Cakrawati Perth Skyshow plane tragedy probe a logistical nightmare Swan River plane crash: investigations begin, skyshow will not be rescheduled Two dead as plane crashes in front of Australia Day crowd Mirka Federer's fashion causes a social media stir The Sydney Morning Herald Bringing to light the 'mystery' of the clitoris Body found in stairwell at Westfield Bondi Junction Year of the Rooster do's and don'ts Plan to make Mexico pay dissolves as presidents' meeting cancelled Joe Tripodi still pulling strings in the shadows The Age Plan to make Mexico pay dissolves as presidents' meeting cancelled Bringing to light the 'mystery' of the clitoris 'Grossest movie ever made' sparks mass walkout at Sundance Breastfeeding mother 'humiliated' by National Gallery staff Two fighting for life, 11 in hospital a week on from Bourke Street rampage Brisbane Times 31-day-old baby girl was tortured almost her whole life Queensland's weirdest road rules you never knew existed 'Grossest movie ever made' sparks mass walkout at Sundance Australia is investing billions in a madman Mirka Federer's fashion causes a social media stir Canberra Times NT Aboriginal leader defends January 26 Australia Day Breastfeeding mother 'humiliated' by National Gallery staff The Hunger Games actress Stef Dawson returns home to Canberra Fewer Canberrans tune in and turn up to Australia Day events 'Grossest movie ever made' sparks mass walkout at Sundance WA Today Share via Email Share on Facebook Share on Google Plus Share on Twitter RSS Feed Products and Services AM Edition PM Edition Good Food Guide Newsletters WA Today Sitemap About Us Contact Us Advertise With Us Text Version Site Accessibility Guide Classifieds Classifieds & Notices Cars Dating Jobs Real Estate Commercial Real Estate Oneflare Nabo Our Sites SMH The Age AFR.com Adzuna Domain Drive RSVP Essential Baby Home Price Guide Weatherzone Fairfax Media Member Centre News Store Archive Fairfax Syndication Careers Events Press Council Copyright © 2017Fairfax Media Website Feedback
Business News Home > Business > Business News < Back to SMG 45 Wednesday, 18 January 2017 What’s disrupting equity research by risen jayaseelan IT does seem as if the equity research world is going through an existential crisis. A plethora of issues are impacting the industry. Regulatory and technology-driven changes are among them. The industry faces new research payment unbundling rules under the second Markets in Financial Instruments Directive (MiFID II). Under MiFID II, investment research must be tailor-made for each institution. Fund managers will have to pay for research either from their own money or through a separate account which is then billed to the end-client. Crucially, research fees will have to be separated from execution and trading fees. The new rules are aimed at improving transparency in financial markets. MiFID II is being implemented in the European Union, but it is speculated that this trend will creep into markets globally due to competitive issues – brokerages will have to follow suit to win business from asset managers and their end-investors. The impact to the industry could be significant. Clients will soon start questioning the cost of research and may opt out of that service from brokerages in favour of smaller independent research outfits. Consider the case of Societe Generale. Late last year, the European financial group said it would use Singapore-based fintech company Smartkarma to provide third-party Asian equity research to its institutional clients. Smartkarma provides a pool of aggregated independent research. It provides users access to more than a hundred independent analysts. And similar to popular film-streaming website Netflix, Smartkarma allows users to search for specific content and consume it on-demand. The model allows investors greater control over the research production process, SmartKarma says. In a 2015 report by Slator on the impact of economic, digital, and regulatory changes on the equity research industry, it quoted a hedge fund manager as saying: “How do you price something that has been free for 40 years?” The report highlighted that global equity research budgets would have shrunk from US$8.2bil in 2007 to US$3.4bil in 2017, the result of lower trading volumes caused by post-financial crisis industry deleveraging; fierce competition from electronic trading automation and the rise of passive investing with exchange-traded fund (ETF) products rather than direct equity ownership. Still on the subject of equity research, it is interesting to follow the recent saga involving JPMorgan and Indonesia. In November, JPMorgan’s Asia-Pacific equity strategists dropped Indonesia’s equity rating outlook two notches to underweight. In retaliation, the Indonesian government cut some ties with JPMorgan, including ceasing to use it as a primary bond dealer and revoking a special designation that allows the investment bank to perform certain banking functions. Indonesian government officials said JPMorgan’s November report “did not make sense” because it gave better recommendations for equities of other emerging economies that Indonesia argued were not doing better than its economy, South-East Asia’s largest, Reuters had reported. That was in January. Interestingly, on Monday, JPMorgan equity research reversed its view on Indonesia. It upgraded its investment recommendation on Indonesian stocks to “neutral” from “underweight”. JPMorgan’s equities research team wrote on Monday that in the month after Donald Trump’s surprise victory, funds sold large amount of emerging markets’ bonds and equities which it estimated at US$15bil each. “Redemption and bond volatility risks have now played out, in our view. Bond volatility should now decay, allowing us to partially reverse November’s tactical moves including upgrading Indonesia to neutral,” according to a note sent to clients, Reuters reported. JPMorgan said in its latest report that “Indonesia’s macro fundamentals are strong, with high potential growth rate and low debt/GDP with economic reform. Within Asia, it was the biggest beneficiary of bond inflows”. There is no proof to show that the research finding had anything to do with any other factors other than its own research team’s fundamental findings. However, for years now, there has been chatter that the “china wall” built to separate functions within banking groups such as its research side and its investment banking deal-making side, has been porous. Meaning that there are those who believe that the research is somewhat biased in support of some of the deal-making side of the business which brings in tonnes of money in fees. Notably, markets in Asia remain a lucrative one for international banks, especially those that get the plum jobs of advising Governments, whether it be in asset or bond sales or in drawing up economic and financial market policy. It remains to be seen how equity research will go through the changes impacting it. Tags / Keywords: equity research , disruption , mifid Related Stories ICE’s Sprecher says looming Europe rules expensive for traders Foreign buying of Malaysian equities hit RM952m last week Foreign funds snap up net RM11.4b of Malaysian equities since January Axiata advances to highest since Jan 4, Nomura upgrade Foreign funds bought RM2.4b net Malaysian equities in week ended March 29 You May Be Interested Microsoft’s market value tops US$500bil again after 17 years New ruling on plastic benefits SCGM Giving banks a run for their money Bring cheer to the underprivileged this festive season Go purple this CNY if you want to get lucky in love Six simple steps to feng shui your home Others Also Read Senegal eager to live up to favourites tag at Nations Cup Alphabet posts strong revenue growth, higher taxes hit earnings Ponkan oranges choice of the season Property Related advertisement Latest News Tycoon Slim says Trump not 'Terminator,' sees opportunities for Mexico In double whammy for Turkey, Fitch cuts to junk after S&P slashes outlook Fed to stop mortgage reinvestments in 2018 Wall St slips after soft GDP data, earnings Giving banks a run for their money Most Viewed in Business Making money from money Azman’s journey with AMMB Tycoon Slim says Trump not 'Terminator,' sees opportunities for Mexico Joey Yap: Good time to invest as assets are cheap What Dow hitting 20,000 points means to Malaysia Giving banks a run for their money In double whammy for Turkey, Fitch cuts to junk after S&P slashes outlook Unlocking value in MMC Fed to stop mortgage reinvestments in 2018 Wall St slips after soft GDP data, earnings advertisement advertisement site map Home Videos News Business Sport Metro Lifestyle Tech Opinion subscriptions The Star newspaper Other Publications RSS Feeds other editions ePaper Mobile SMS Services Magazines Kuntum company info About Us Contact Us Job Opportunities Investor Relations FAQs Advertising View Our Rate Card Policies Privacy Statement Terms of Use our sites Star2.com myStarjob.com Carsifu StarProperty.my Propwall iBilik R.AGE mStar Kuali Leaderonomics TheStarTV.com StarCherish.com Search The Star Online Connect with us Content Partner Our Radio Stations site map Home Videos News Business Sport Metro Tech Lifestyle Travel Opinion subscriptions The Star newspaper Other Publications RSS Feeds other editions ePaper Mobile SMS Services magazines Kuntum company info About Us Contact Us Job Opportunities Investor Relations FAQs advertising View Our Rate Card policies Privacy Statement Terms of Use our sites Star2.com myStarjob.com Carsifu starproperty.my Propwall iBilik R.AGE mStar Kuali Leaderonomics TheStarTV.com StarCherish.com social media Facebook Twitter Copyright © 1995- Star Media Group Berhad (ROC 10894D)
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad Bitcoin exchange employee pleads guilty in U.S. case tied to hacking By Reuters Published: 17:48 EST, 17 January 2017 | Updated: 17:48 EST, 17 January 2017 e-mail By Nate Raymond NEW YORK, Jan 17 (Reuters) - A Florida man pleaded guilty on Tuesday to charges stemming from his employment with an unlicensed bitcoin exchange that prosecutors say was owned by an Israeli who oversaw a massive scheme to hack companies including JPMorgan Chase & Co. Ricardo Hill, 38, entered his plea in Manhattan federal court to seven counts, including conspiracy to operate an unlicensed money transmitting business, wire fraud and bank fraud. The Brandon, Florida-resident is one of nine people to face charges following an investigation connected to a data breach that JPMorgan disclosed in 2014 involving records for more than 83 million accounts. The charges against Hill stemmed from his employment as a finance support manager and business development consultant for an unlicensed bitcoin exchange called Coin.mx, according to court papers. Prosecutors have said Coin.mx was operated by another Florida man, Anthony Murgio, from 2013 to 2015 and exchanged millions of dollars into bitcoin while operating through several fronts, including one called "Collectables Club." Prosecutors said Coin.mx was owned by Gery Shalon, an Israeli who with Maryland-born Joshua Samuel Aaron orchestrated cyber attacks on companies including JPMorgan that resulted in more than 100 million people's information being stolen. Prosecutors said the men carried out the cybercrimes to further other schemes with another Israeli, Ziv Orenstein, including pumping up stock prices with sham promotional emails. Aaron was deported from Russia in December and taken into U.S. custody, while Shalon and Orenstein were extradited from Israel in June. All three have pleaded not guilty. Murgio, who like Hill was not accused of engaging in the hacking scheme, pleaded guilty on Jan. 9 to charges that included conspiracy to operate an unlicensed money transmitting business and conspiracy to commit bank fraud. Five other individuals have been charged in connection with Coin.mx, including Murgio's father. Two individuals linked to it are scheduled to face trial on Feb. 6. The case is U.S. v. Murgio et al, U.S. District Court, Southern District of New York, No. 15-cr-769. (Reporting by Nate Raymond in New York; Editing by Tom Brown) Share or comment on this article e-mail Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS 'They're getting nasty': Speidi slam Jedward for 'mean' behaviour as they get evicted from Celebrity Big Brother The former Hills stars have got the boot PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Tour of love! Smitten Selena Gomez and The Weeknd can't keep their hands to themselves on romantic trip to Italy Three's a crowd! Charlotte Dawson rocks risqué mini dress as she enjoys date night with beau Matt Sarsfield... and her mother Tracey 'I'm still in shock': Drew Barrymore confesses she's 'not ready' to begin dating...five months after officially divorcing Will Kopelman Bella Hadid looks chic on solo outing in New York... as her ex The Weekend whisks Selena Gomez off to Italy for romantic holiday Shows a brave face Anne Hathaway is movie star chic in all black ensemble with dark shades and bold red lip as she steps out in NYC Ever the A-lister She's clearly a fan! Michelle Rodriguez steps out in a Rolling Stones T-shirt with grey leggings for gym session 'I bet they won't be able to say these things to his face': Katie Price challenges troll who branded disabled son Harvey, 14, a 'c***'... and will take the case to Parliament Is there a CBB baby on the way? Newly evicted Speidi reported to have 'requested a pregnancy test on the show' Housemate 'believed' they are expecting No time for jet lag! Alessandra Ambrosio hits the gym in Victoria's Secret gym gear... just a day after flying from Paris to LA 'What a journey': Michelle Keegan shares glamorous selfies from Tina and Bobby set on Instagram... as the final episode is praised by fans 'He's got depth': Jessica Cunningham gushes about 'charming' Calum Best after they share a sweet smooch before she is evicted from CBB The 'Oh yeah' song from 'Ferris Bueller's Day Off' made its one-hit-wonder writer filthy rich - but he has never even SEEN the movie Made $175million SPOILER ALERT! Wannabe Tanya Lacey attempts to wow the judges with a performance of a Whitney Houston song on The Voice 'It stems from insecurities in her own marriage': Danielle Lloyd takes ANOTHER swipe at Nicola McLean as she calls her behaviour in the CBB house 'really sad' 'I was never cool but I'm having the last laugh': Donny Osmond tells how he resisted drugs, booze and the temptations of Sin City - but not Botox and hair dye Bad hair day! Paula Patton has trouble with her locks after bombshell allegations about Robin Thicke having an affair as she fights for sole custody  CBB's James Jordan takes aims at Bianca Gascoigne and Jamie O'Hara's 'showmance' on Twitter while Jessica Cunningham remains tight-lipped  She's clearly a fan! Michelle Rodriguez steps out in a Rolling Stones T-shirt with grey leggings for gym session Oh Balls! Former MP Ed gets kicked in the FACE onstage by partner Katya Jones during Strictly tour performance in Sheffield Are roo thirsty? Wine-drinking kangaroo stars alongside bikini-clad model Ellie Gonsalves in $5MILLION Super Bowl ad for Australian wine SEBASTIAN SHAKESPEARE: Age-defying Elizabeth Hurley poses for favourite photographer, son Damian, 14, in a £152 blue crystal bikini 'Isn't it the most beautiful thing you've ever seen': Shirtless Jason Dundas hits the Bronte Beach rockpool after flying in from L.A. for David Jones show 'Can't wait for Bali': Bikini-clad Skye Wheatley flaunts pert derrière and MAJOR sideboob as she stands provocatively under a shower 'I was breastfeeding in the interviews': Teresa Palmer praises film industry for being 'so accommodating' as she returns to work just weeks after giving birth  Turning the tables! Sofia Richie rocks pink jacket as she practises photography skills while out and about in LA Took a turn at the other end of the camera  Fragile Megan McKenna lashes out at trolls on Twitter after sharing sultry snaps... following her very public NTAs row with TOWIE beau Pete Wicks It's Freaky Friday! Lindsay Lohan meets with Turkish President Erdogan, his wife and a Syrian girl blogger to discuss 'efforts in helping refugees' Buxom Pamela Anderson,49, rolls back the years as she shows off her famous cleavage in plunging party dress at Paris bash 'It gets so much worse': RHOA's Kandi Burruss hits back at co-star Porsha Williams over threesome and lesbian rumours  'Drinking a lot of beer and eating a lot of cheeseburgers': Matthew McConaughey talks weight gain for new role as he transforms his body AGAIN  Revealed: Carrie Fisher wanted ex-lover and long-time friend Harrison Ford to sing Melancholy Wookiee at her Oscars tribute Great sense of humour Riddle of the ring! Eva Mendes steps out wearing an impressive piece of bling after claims she and Ryan Gosling have secretly wed Stylish jet setter Amal Clooney wears baggy jumper as she touches down in LA in with George amid baby rumours Australia Day USA! Hunky Australian chef Curtis Stone drops by Hollywood Today Live to promote American series of My Kitchen Rules David Foster rejected offer to perform at President Trump's inauguration after taking heat from new girlfriend Christie Brinkley for considering the invite 'See you in one week': Ariana Grande shares sultry mirror selfie to plug upcoming Dangerous Woman tour Posed for a black-and-white mirror selfie Bikini babe Kourtney Kardashian flaunts killer figure in tiny white two-piece as she enjoys family getaway in Costa Rica  Lily Collins flashes her six-pack abs in an exercise bra and low-rise leggings as she leaves gym Spotted after a strenuous work out in Beverly Hills Scott Disick wheedles his way back into the Kardashian clan to join Kourtney in Costa Rica... and posts a saucy snap of her online Home, sweet home! Jon Hamm steps out in sweats to grab an icy drink with a female companion in LA after his latest film premieres at Sundance  Looking booty-ful! Kylie Jenner shows off her bikini body as she poses in the mirror on family trip to Costa Rica It's certainly not the usual family-friendly activity. TOWIE's Kate Wright confirms she is not jetting to Tenerife to film start of the new series... amid rumours of her romance with footballer Rio Ferdinand She's beautiful she even gets prisoners freed from Death Row - and she's engaged! She's the trainee lawyer played by Harry's girl Meghan Markle in Suits Paula Patton claims she found husband Robin Thicke naked in bed with two women, details how he abused her and says he even invited his DRUG DEALER to their son's birthday Former X Factor finalist Lucie Jones breaks down in tears of joy as she's picked to represent the United Kingdom at Eurovision 2017 PICTURED: Selena Gomez and The Weeknd caught holding hands on romantic date at arcade Sometimes playing games is good for a new relationship Fit for a king (or queen)! Pregnant Cheryl and Liam Payne get baby delivery from the Royal Family's favourite pram company Baby's coming soon... PICTURED: Distraught Megan McKenna leaves the NTAs in floods of tears after explosive row with TOWIE boyfriend Pete Wicks Floods of tears Bianca Gascoigne's boyfriend CJ Meeks is left heartbroken as he reads about his love's steamy CBB antics with Jamie O'Hara on MailOnline Model life! Elsa Hosk flashes her bikini body as she poses up a storm at the beach... and posts it all on Instagram Looking hotter than ever in a sultry swimsuit. Red hot Jenna Dewan Tatum shares behind the scenes footage from her dressing room on Snapchat Not easy getting red carpet ready  'This a** is all real!': Brielle Biermann fiercely defends alleged plastic surgery rumours on her shapely rear Vented her frustrations during a Snapchat video Gigi Hadid flashes a hint of cleavage in a perilously thin polo shirt as she showcases her sartorial swagger in a chic ensemble in New York  Ant & Dec are joined by supportive wives Lisa Armstrong and Ali Astall as they receive their OBEs for services to television at Buckingham Palace Bianca Gascoigne sets pulses racing as she flaunts her eye-popping cleavage and sensational curves in skimpy swimwear for calendar shoot Made In Chelsea's Binky Felstead hides her growing baby bump in saucy thigh-grazing camouflage T-shirt from her collection, exhibiting her slender legs 'Her links with Sue made it easy': Anna Richardson 'turned down role on Great British Bake Off over show favourite and girlfriend Perkins' SPOILER ALERT: Corrie's Steve McDonald races to the registry office as Leanne Battersby fills in their baby's birth certificate... but will he be listed as the father? 'Not long to go now little angel': Rachael Finch cradles bare baby bump and reveals two boys names have been chosen as due date nears SEBASTIAN SHAKESPEARE: I plotted to behead Duke of Manchester, says Australian model ex-wife in extraordinary disclosure  PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Make-up free Perrie Edwards looks glum as she takes dog Hatchi for a walk... amid rumours of a split with Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain 'You can only fall out with someone you love': Ewan McGregor looks back at his bitter 17-year dispute with T2 Trainspotting director Danny Boyle  'I had let myself go due to personal circumstances': Drew Barrymore admits she lost 20lbs for her new show after split from Will Kopelman She DOES eat crisps! Gwyneth Paltrow reveals her immaculately organised pantry containing some surprisingly normal snacks (including Kettle Chips and popcorn) 39 weeks and counting! Jessa Duggar shares side-by-side baby bump comparison in second pregnancy Due to deliver her second child in weeks  'My angel in heaven': Bobby Brown pays tribute to his late daughter Bobbi Kristina in a bomber jacket with her image on the back 'He's a pathological liar!' Richard Keys' wife blasts the ex-Sky pundit as he renews his affair with their daughter's 27-year-old lawyer friend with trysts at five-star hotel  REVEALED: Photographer Kendall Jenner takes a turn behind the lens as she shoots stunning image of Kaia Gerber, 15, for cover of Love magazine 'G'day from the Philippines!' Miss Universe hopeful Caris Tiivel flashes a hint of thigh in skimpy lace nightgown as she prepares for beauty pageant 'I was called a s***!' Charlotte McKinney reveals her bullying torment over large breasts... and why she is even considering a reduction 'There was no plan, I just lived like him': Matthew McConaughey reveals it took him SIX months of excess to put on more than THREE STONE for new film Gold Aloha! Mother-of-one Amber Rose showcases her eye-popping curves in tiny bikini while relaxing in Hawaii hotel  Shearling delight! Bethenny Frankel bundles up in sheepskin with her daughter Bryn Gone from being Nicky Hilton's nanny to a  Real Housewife  Amanda Warren set to guest star on This Is Us after signing up to play William Hill's mother Show focused on fight with cancer. Joanna Krupa wins permission to 'dig into Brandi Glanville's finances'... after she's ordered to share gynecological records in 'smelly' defamation case Make-up free Melissa McCarthy bundles up on set of her latest film project Can You Ever Forgive Me? in New York City This funny lady is back Somebody Alp me! Josie Gibson takes ANOTHER tumble on the ski slopes as she continues to train for injury-ridden series The Jump Sex J-Education: CBB's Jedward shock housemates by talking about having sex on the kitchen table and teach Jamie O'Hara how to put a condom on a banana 'I didn't show him my picture for FIVE months': Ex EastEnders star Cheryl Fergison, 51, reveals she hid her identity from now husband Yassine, 30 Rihanna shows her humble side as she meets school pupils on Malawi charity trip Visit follows reports Madonna is to adopt in the country Carrie on Homeland: Claire Danes on why the show is good for her marriage and how her neighbourhood book club keeps her sane Life's just peachy! Rebecca Ferguson is the picture of elegance in pastel dress and coat as she promotes her new album in Liverpool Showing Aaron what he's missing! Lauren Pope flaunts her fabulous figure in black lingerie... after split from Geordie Shore star A sultry selfie  'I chose velvet knickerbockers over a suit!' David Beckham discusses his flamboyant fashion history in Desert Island Discs special In bed with Lea Michele! Star strips NAKED to slip between the sheets for latest racy Instagram snap Shared a raunchy photo of herself in bed Meet Lara Croft's dad! Dominic West signs on to play Lord Richard in Tomb Raider reboot starring Alicia Vikander The Affair star has signed on to film He's ripped! Joe Jonas endured 16 weeks of intense pro-athlete training to achieve defined abs and muscles Bam! Pow! Iconic Batman Returns costume worn by Michael Keaton sells at auction for $41,250 The black rubber bat suit stands at 6'5" tall 'Job hazard': Chrissy Teigen shares photograph of her legs covered in bruises... after getting injured while dancing Sore knees 'Zayn's asleep!': Taylor Swift complains about her very early start in behind the scenes peek on I Don't Wanna Live Forever video set 'A day with him and I get so tired my eyes start to itch!' Chloe Madeley on England rugby player beau James Haskell 'pushing himself too hard' 'First day of school v prom!' Taylor Swift fans go wild for sultry new look in I Don't Wanna Live Forever with Zayn Malik At her sexiest 'I'm alive... and I feel great!' Lamar Odom on life after rehab and his brush with death  The 37-year-old has been keeping busy since coming out of the facility The name's Ratajkowski... Lisa Ratajkowski! Big Brother star Appleton emulates DKNY model Emily as she walks her dog in bra and knickers 'You never really leave': Sherlock's Amanda Abbington hints return to the show opposite ex Martin Freeman is possible... despite being killed off Now that's a statement piece! Natalie Portman carries 'Make America Read Again' tote after calling out President Donald Trump at LA Women's March 'Shove it in your mouth!' Jamie O'Hara thrusts a cream-filled scone into Bianca Gascoigne's face as they clash in latest CBB challenge 'It's a wonderful thing to have closure': Uma Thurman wins primary custody of her daughter after a bitter legal battle with financier ex Arpad Busson Tamara Ecclestone displays her long legs in thigh-high boots and chic dress as she goes hand-in-hand with daughter Sophia Mummy-daughter day PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Is this the new line-up for C4's Great British Bake Off? Michel Roux Jr joins Paul Hollywood and even a Mary Berry lookalike at 'screen test' It's Ant OR Dec! Cheeky television presenters swap places for the first time during photo opportunity after being awarded OBEs This feels weird Elizabeth Hurley, 51, parades her incredible bikini body in TINY string two-piece as she holidays in India with son Damian, 14 Sexy Instagram snap  Good Morning America host Lara Spencer heats things up in primetime as she breaks for MULTIPLE makeout sessions during three-hour dinner date The Muse! Sharon Stone, 58, relaxes in her bikini as she paints watercolours in the pool while on 'retreat' She's inspired many over the year, too 'She made me re-evaluate how I see life': Russell Brand rocks grungy leather trousers for The One Show... as he gushes about his two-month-old daughter Mabel Multi-tasking mamma! Jennifer Garner catches up on calls as she juggles her bags after a busy school run in Los Angeles 'We're NOT engaged': GBBO winner Candice Brown denies her convicted drug dealer boyfriend has proposed but says they will definitely marry There's no hiding it now! Zooey Deschanel shows off her baby bump on set of New Girl despite being yet to confirm she is expecting her second child 'Blondes Rule!' Paris Hilton posts a nostalgic throwback picture with old pal Britney Spears It's a flashback of two iconic beauties!  Just a pair of ordinary teens! Rocco Ritchie and girlfriend Kim Turnbull look in good spirits as they join tube-goers for London rush-hour commute 'Slow down, you're drunk': CBB's Nicola McLean scolds Bianca Gascoigne after she puts on a very steamy display with Jamie O'Hara  Kelly Brook flashes her ample cleavage in colourful plunging leotard as she poses for busty calendar shot She commanded attention Lady Victoria Hervey puts on an eye-popping display as she attends pyjama party TOPLESS... covering her modesty in nothing but a pair of nipple tassels That made her morning! The Queen flashes a smile as she's greeted by topless men in traditional Fijian grass skirts at an exhibition in Norwich Bad hair day: Nicolas Cage disheveled look reveals his thinning locks at LAX Actor battles with baldness on Thursday Dream team! Celine Dion joins Gwen Stefani as her key adviser for season 12 of The Voice 'There's nobody like Celine. Everybody's going to be so mad ... that I got you.' Portrait of my lady! Evan Ross shows off his sketching skills with wife Ashlee Simpson as his model and muse He can act, sing, and also draw Royally good pals! Princess Eugenie embraces Hollywood star Felicity Jones as they unexpectedly bump into each other while shopping in London 'Backyard bum shots': Bikini-clad Skye Wheatley flaunts her pert derrière as former Big Brother star poses beside busty brunette friend A house to remember! Mandy Moore secretly buys unusual Mid-century modern home on the outskirts of Los Angeles for just under $2.6 million Ouch! Sarah Hyland hobbles around on crutches 'nursing an ankle injury' on set of Modern Family Performing through pain never looked so good.  Our little helpers! Neil Patrick Harris and David Burtka's twins stir up something sweet in the kitchen Something for all the family Rachel Weisz wraps up warm as she shoots scenes in London as Rachel McAdams' lover for new movie Disobedience Remarkably relaxed  'I know what it feels like to be vulnerable': Charlie Webster reflects on her harrowing sexual abuse ordeal as she visits women's refuge for domestic violence  Bikini-clad Danielle Lloyd shows off her curves as she puts her troubles behind her in Dubai... after publicly slamming ex-husband Jamie O'Hara City chic! Bella Hadid shows off her flawless figure in a plunging mini dress as she hits the streets of Manhattan in a fierce new DKNY campaign 'Orlando Bloom is just chilling behind my house... WHAT': Actor's school visit sends teenagers into meltdown  What I go to school for First ladies first? Trump didn't wait for Melania at their car when they arrived at the White House to meet the Obama's... unlike Barack, George and Bill 'She's giving me a headache': Kelly Brook is slammed on Twitter for being too 'loud and hyper' following fashion segment on Lorraine  Didn't go down well Chloe Ferry bounces back from CBB eviction as she hits the town with Geordie Shore gal pals Charlotte Crosby and Sophie Kasaei Back on the toon Goodman gracious three! Ex On The Beach star Chloe oozes sex appeal in plunging red dress as she hits the town with sisters Lauryn and Amelia Fleeing the country? Scott Eastwood enjoys an escape to Fiji after threats of $300 fine for dangerous cliff diving After making headlines for a cliff dive  Rafa's secret weapon! The childhood sweetheart who almost NEVER goes on tour whose support has helped send Nadal to Australian Open Have Perrie Edwards and Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain split already? Little Mix star DELETES her only Instagram snap of the footballer 'Whisper in her ear that it's okay to go': Carl Reiner reveals what he told actress Mary Tyler Moore's husband the day before she died  Time to go Making a splash! Selfie queen Karen Danczuk flaunts her curves in a VERY low cut swimsuit on Spain's Costa Blanca  Former Labour councillor 'I need to do what's best for my family!' Heather Dubrow reveals she's quitting Real Housewives after five seasons She's a TV veteran Mischa Barton taken to hospital for mental evaluation after neighbours found her 'screaming about end of the world and her mum being a witch'  EXCLUSIVE 'I attract toyboys!' Wild Lisa Appleton says she wants to bag a younger man during lively appearance on Lizzie Cundy's radio show Rita Ora falls victim to a gust of wind as she reveals her legs in extreme thigh-split skirt and cow-print fur jacket while leaving recording studio Hugh Jackman isn't perfect - there's video proof! Aussie triple threat hilariously fumbles classic cane twirl with face smacking results Lily Collins rocks casual workout gear as she gets her morning caffeine fix... after revealing she battled an eating disorder as a teen Back to business: Amy Adams puts on a brave face as she runs errands following VERY awkward Oscars snub The actress is still smiling Game, set and perfect match! Rafael Nadal shares a cuddle and passionate kiss with girlfriend Xisca Perello at Melbourne hotel before the tennis Got this covered! Heidi Klum looks lovely in layers as she heads to the on location set of Germany's Next Top Model Wrapping up warm He's got t-issues! Richard Madeley struggles to blow his own nose as he nurses a bandaged arm after shattering his elbow It's a rough time Who needs Kim? Jonathan Cheban enjoys a walk with Kardashian lookalike in London as his BFF heads to Costa Rica with Saint and North The playful Prince! Albert is poked by his adorable two-year-old son as he joins his wife and daughter on the balcony on Saint Devote Day in Monaco It's them or me! Amir Khan's 'paranoid' wife gives boxer a family ultimatum because she can't get over 'Michael Jackson' jibe and fears MORE sex tapes Jennifer Lopez, 47, suffers a wardrobe malfunction as she accidentally flashes her flesh-coloured bra in low-cut white dress at shoe collection launch '21 feels amazing!' AFL WAG Rebecca Judd thanks fans for the 'bday love' as she is gifted with large bouquet of flowers... before bonding with twins Well he is a Saint! Kim Kardashian can't stop kissing her son's cherubic cheeks as they join North onboard jet to Costa Rica... but Kanye isn't there! From slumdog to Hollywood: Incredible rags to riches story of Indian boy, 8, plucked from Mumbai ghetto to star in Nicole Kidman's Lion blockbuster Ex TOWIE star Danielle Armstrong parties with Kate Wright's new love interest Rio Ferdinand as former footballer reopens his Manchester restaurant Racy Kylie Jenner flashes major underboob as she exposes her lace bra and flat stomach in a cropped sweatshirt on night out with Tyga PICTURED: Proof Madonna IS trying to adopt four-year-old twin sisters in Malawi as she is seen leaving court... hours after she denied it  Larry Lamb channels notorious thief Brian Reader in dramatic new trailer for The Hatton Garden Job... based on real-life jewellery heist by ageing gang 'We need a DNA test...' Pregnant Rochelle Humes claims Chris Kamara could be the father of her unborn baby during playful interview  'Of course we're getting married!' GBBO winner Candice Brown's convicted drug dealer boyfriend CONFIRMS wedding plans Robin Thicke 'loses custody' of son Julian as judge issues 'restraining order blocking him from going near his child and ex-wife Paula Patton' Nicole Richie looks stylish in Beetlejuice inspired top and shaggy coat as she supports husband Joel Madden for latest music venture Perfect pair Eamonn Holmes, Davina McCall and Kirstie Allsopp rally behind Gary Lineker who said homework should be BANNED (and calling for a boycott day) Bella Thorne proudly shows off new piercing as she goes braless in tight top after boasting about nipple ring Sure to give a view of the area to her fans 'Baby, baby, I feel crazy': Taylor Swift and Zayn Malik trash luxurious hotel room in sizzling video for I Don't Wanna Live Forever At long last, it's landed Oh yes she (Ha)did! Braless Bella shares racy Instagram snap of her sheer crystal-studded gown from opulent Christian Dior masquerade ball Kourtney's son Reign, 2, sports cute man bun while Kardashian clan leave for Costa Rica (but Scott Disick was uninvited) Doting mom  She's usually flawless! Kris Jenner appeared windswept as hair sticks straight up while boarding private jet to Costa Rica Here comes mama Liza Minnelli digs up mother Judy Garland's remains and has them moved 3,000 miles from New York to Hollywood celebrity cemetery, 48 years after her death  'He's my escape from it all!' Faye Brookes credits boyfriend Gareth Gates following NTA win... as she admits there's extra pressure due to their schedules Playing without the boys! Josephine Skriver shows off her beach volleyball skills as Victoria's Secret models shoot sexy sporty set in Santa Monica 'She can't control her eye': Nicola McLean 'may need emergency corrective surgery after leaving Big Brother house' as new medical woes are revealed  Suddenly shy? Emily Ratajkowski covers up in a tight top and skinny jeans as she enjoys a dinner date at Catch LA  Uncharacteristically covered up Happy family! Mariah Carey's boyfriend Bryan Tanaka bonds with her children as the couple take them to gym class in LA  Seem to be serious 'Total lies': Shane Warne and ex-wife Simone Callahan blast magazine claims their daughter Brooke, 19, is a 'wild girl' who parties too hard She DOES eat crisps! Gwyneth Paltrow reveals her immaculate pantry containing some surprisingly normal snacks (including popcorn and pasta) 'A disgrace': President Trump blasts SNL writer for targeting his son Barron and calls Madonna 'disgusting' for talking about blowing up the White House Ivanka settles into DC life: First Daughter shares charming picture of her children playing at a local park after the family's move to Washington  'What I should've said': Ayda Field shares funny NTAs debrief video with husband Robbie Williams... after her awkward presenting moment fell flat Out and a pout! Katie Price displays alarmingly fuller lips just one day after demure NTAs appearance... before she's slapped with a parking ticket  Make-up free Kaley Cuoco shows off her natural beauty as she cuts a casual figure in baggy sweatshirt and jeans while enjoying some pamper time  From Page 3 girl to grown-up glamour: How Kelly Brook's astonishing wardrobe transformation has earned her an unlikely gig as a fashion editor Anna Wintour heads to Dolce & Gabbana show in Milan... amid claims feud with Alexandra Shulman could be to blame for her stepping down from British Vogue Paula Patton cast as protective mom in ABC summer series amid ongoing custody war with Robin Thicke ABC thriller called Somewhere Between 'We're completely in love!' Delighted Alex Jones, 39, reveals she's given birth to a baby boy as she announces the news live on The One Show 'They look like great tits!' Kate Garraway has to apologise to viewers after Ben Shephard gets naughty talking about 'chasing birds' on Good Morning Britain Glum Megan McKenna appears downcast during solo outing... just hours after 'she was left hysterical amid furious row with beau Pete Wicks at NTAs' Whitney survives the Walford bus crash and soon feels well enough to snog her father-in-law Mick (Danny Dyer) in EastEnders, by Jim Shelley  Kim Kardashian starts new trend as she shows off PIERCED nails (but it's only for the truly pampered) Not for everyone  'I can do whatever the fig I like!' Nadia Sawalha defends her actions after she was caught on camera swearing about Loose Women losing at NTAs to This Morning 'We went for it!': EastEnders' Emma Barton reveals soap's cast did lift a REAL double decker bus while filming controversial crash scene 'I'll be at the hotel!' Third Williams sister will NOT be going to Venus and Serena's Australian Open final - because she doesn't want to choose a side Seeing double! Rob Kardashian compares baby pictures of himself and daughter Dream on Instagram He's been nothing but adoring  Ben Price QUITS Coronation Street to spend more time with his family after seven years playing Nick Tilsley Hope she isn't fishing for compliments! Christina Milian wears hideous multicoloured gown to seafood restaurant in Los Angeles  Sarah Paulson is a fashionable flyer while touching down at LAX... as girlfriend Holland Taylor calls their relationship 'the most wonderful thing' Janet Jackson spotted out for first time since welcoming son Eissa just weeks ago as she shops at baby boutique in London A galaxy far, far away! Star Wars actor Ben Mendelsohn cast in Netflix film 'The Land of Steady Habits'... after wife Emma Forrest files for divorce 'Why are we on her mind so often?' Paris Jackson hits back at Wendy Williams after chat show host said she did not deserve Rolling Stone cover Is that you, Charlene? Kylie Minogue provides a throwback to Neighbours in retro overall outfit as she starts work on wedding and a name change Nothing casual about it! Gigi Hadid dons a sweat suit with a full face of make-up after  Maybelline photoshoot Heading back to her apartment in NYC Wait for us! Kylie Jenner holds King Cairo's hand as duo sprint to private jet for family trip to Costa Rica Playing stepmum She's a walking advert! Mary Berry totes her new recipe book as she arrives at the Radio 4 studios after taking a swipe at Paul Hollywood  Self-promotion He's got axes to grind! Jason Momoa carries multiple hatchets while heading to chat show in Hollywood Heading to a television appearance She's a beaming bride-to-be! Kate Mara smiles while out with doting fiance Jamie Bell in Beverly Hills Had the look of love on Thursday 'Baby, I'm so proud of you!' Gareth Gates performs an impromptu rap in celebration of girlfriend Faye Brookes' NTA win as they relax in bed together 'Don Draper would be dead': Jon Hamm doesn't think his Mad Men character would be alive today He'd be in his 80s by now Astonishing forgiveness of fallen TV star Rory's wife: She stands by McGrath despite his 14-month harassment of married lover who ended affair 'You talk so much b****cks!': CBB's Nicola McLean unleashes a scathing attack on Jedward as she labels them 'f***ing p***ks' . 'I'm feeling for you': CBB's Jamie O'Hara forgives love-interest Bianca Gascoigne as the pair kiss and make-up... after she lied about being single Ladies who lunch! Cara Santana and Jamie Chung don knit jumpers for meal at WeHo restaurant Have yet to collaborate onscreen Braless Sam Faiers slips into risqué gown to flaunt her perky assets... as she flashes 'PK' phone case in homage to beau Paul Knightley and baby son  Who needs Adrian? Rocky star Sylvester Stallone shows off elegant wife Jennifer Flavin at charity gala He will forever be known for his on-screen love  Oops she did it again! Britney Spears posts sexy lingerie snap just a day after almost breaking the internet by showing off her nether region tattoos Ben Affleck's passion project flop Live By Night results in $75 million loss for Warner Bros The gangster flick has not made a profit Rod Stewart borrows style tips from Only Fools And Horses as he channels Del Boy in shearling coat and flat cap while touching down in NYC Cheeky Anna Friel lauds Paddy McGuinness' hunky physique... as they transform into Rocky characters for new sketch show Bond babe Olga Kurylenko flashes her BARE BREASTS in raunchy caged jumpsuit as she leads sizzling stars at Paris Fashion Week gala dinner So Fancy! Charli XCX goes green in an ab-flashing cropped tee with matching tracksuit bottoms as she shows off her painting skills during radio appearance In the jeans! Julia Roberts keeps it casual in denim as she flashes a big smile with her son Finn, 12, in Malibu The 49-year-old enjoyed a relaxing day  Lottie Moss channels her inner zen at SAME Turkish retreat enjoyed by sister Kate before her infamous easyJet 'basic b***h' meltdown 'I'm good now': Khloe Kardashian helps Jill whose parents died as teen lose 30 pounds on Revenge Body Regained her personality Family business! Bella Hadid and brother Anwar pose up a storm in new Zadig & Voltaire ad campaign Working together for her latest modelling gig 'Practically twins': Beyonce's mom Tina Knowles shares sweet photo collage of super star and lookalike granddaughter Blue Ivy Posted on Instagram All that glitters! Aubrey Plaza wows in thigh-skimming sequined mini as she joins Mary Elizabeth Winstead at Legion premiere Walking the red carpet Dazzling Depp! Lily-Rose, 17, sparkles in a shimmering cropped catsuit as she lends her rising star power to Paris fashion charity bash Still got it! Melanie Griffith shows off taut legs as she steps out in West Hollywood with a male friend A stroll through the neighbourhood  Coldplay star Chris Martin shows off his cycling form as he goes for a ride in revealing shorts in Malibu  It is not every day you see Chris on a bike Another day, ANOTHER soiree! Jet-setter Pixie Lott takes the plunge in stunning black gown as she parties in Paris, 24 hours after NTAs 'I'll miss you Mair': Valerie Harper, 77, takes to Twitter and posts emotional tribute to co-star Mary Tyler Moore To remember her beloved late co-star  Mike Connors of Mannix fame dies aged 91 ONE WEEK after being diagnosed with leukemia His son-in-law Mike confirmed the news Pamela Anderson looks chic in a white playsuit with wide-brimmed hat for Paris sightseeing trip... a day after surprise visit to France's refugees Ashley James continues to flaunt her newly-slimmed down frame as she slips into a tight plunging yellow dress for night out on the town 'I'm a fitness Barbie': Khloe Kardashian displays her toned derriere in tiny bodysuit as she shares behind-the-scenes video from steamy shoot Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
Menu Stocks Stocks to Buy Stocks to Sell Dividend Stocks Penny Stocks Hot Stocks Stock Market Today Funds Mutual Funds ETF Investing 401k & Investing Tips Retirement Financial Advisor Center Trading Trading Advice Trade of the Day Trading Report How to Trade Options Market Insight IPO Playbook Gadgets, Smartphones & Tech Weird Street InvestorPolitics Financial Advisors Premium Services Stocks to Buy Stocks to Sell Dividend Stocks Penny Stocks Hot Stocks Stock Market Today Hot Topics MSFT GOOGL Best Stocks for 2017 Top Investments Trade of the Day Dividends More Home > Stock Picks > Stock Market Today > Why Qualcomm, Inc. (QCOM), JPMorgan Chase & Co. (JPM) and Arista Networks Inc (ANET) Are 3 of Today’s Worst Stocks JPM, ANET and QCOM stock got the new trading week started on the wrong foot By James Brumley, InvestorPlace Feature Writer  |  Jan 17, 2017, 4:47 pm EST     Popular Posts: 10 High-Yield Dividend Stocks That Are SOMEHOW Still Bargains Alphabet Inc (GOOGL) Q4 Earnings Preview Microsoft Corporation (MSFT) Is Building an AI Monster Recent Posts: Why Starbucks Corporation (SBUX), Colgate-Palmolive Company (CL) and American Airlines Group Inc (AAL) Are 3 of Today’s Worst Stocks Under Armour Inc (UA) Stock Holders: This Chart Should Have You Asking Questions Alphabet Inc (GOOGL) Whiffs on Earnings, But Here’s the Bright Side View All Posts The bears were in charge from the get-go on Tuesday, never letting any of the major indices into positive territory for the session. When it became clear the bulls were fighting a losing battle by mid-day though, the buyers largely threw in the towel. The S&P 500’s close of 2,267.89 was 0.30% less than Friday’s final trade. Leading the bearish charge today were Qualcomm, Inc. (NASDAQ:QCOM), Arista Networks Inc (NYSE:ANET) and JPMorgan Chase & Co. (NYSE:JPM). Each was driven lower by news, with most of the selling spurred one way or another by legal trouble. JPMorgan Chase & Co. (JPM) It was a rough day for banks as a whole, with the group’s profit-takers coming out of the woodwork on the heels of market weakness. JPMorgan Chase largely led the way though, with JPM losing 3.5% of its value following a key downgrade. KBW analysts Brian Kleinhanzl and Michael Brown did the deed, downgrading JPM to “Market Perform,” explaining: “We continue to believe that JPMorgan is a high-quality bank but our outperform thesis for JPM focused on the potential to improve returns and we believe the current share price captures that return improvement JPM could achieve in the near term … There is a possibility that a new expense save program could be announced at the upcoming investor day but it is difficult to remain Outperform on the hope for an expense save announcement.” Qualcomm, Inc. (QCOM) On the precipice of another wave of bullishness, the rug got pulled out from underneath Qualcomm investors today. On Tuesday, the Department of Justice reported it was preparing a suit against the mobile phone technology maker, claiming it was unfairly and unreasonably requiring licensing fees for technology used in most mobile phones. The potential suit is founded on an ongoing investigation from the Federal Trade Commission, which has been investigating the company for several years now. The FTC is specifically trying to determine if QCOM is essentially capitalizing on a monopoly by charging fees on equipment that meets the industry standards it also dictates. The heart of the impending litigation will be the precise definition of “reasonable and non-discriminatory”… terms that are supposed to serve as the standard of fairness among technology companies. QCOM ended the day down 4%. Arista Networks Inc (ANET) Finally, although the fight has been brewing for months, the legal battle between Arista Networks and networking giant Cisco Systems, Inc. (NASDAQ:CSCO) sparked a particularly adverse development for the smaller outfit, sending ANET to a loss of 12% for the session. That development? Late Friday, the U.S. Customs department reinstated a ban on the import of Arista routers that may — as Cisco claims — be in violation of U.S. patent laws. The agency had lifted the ban in November, suggesting the legal battle had taken a positive turn in favor of ANET shareholders. Now, though, the U.S. Customs and Border Patrol Agency is publicly questioning its decision to lift the ban before the matter had been settled in court. As of this writing, James Brumley did not hold a position in any of the aforementioned securities. Article printed from InvestorPlace Media, http://investorplace.com/2017/01/why-qualcomm-inc-qcom-jpmorgan-chase-co-jpm-and-arista-networks-inc-anet-are-3-of-todays-worst-stocks/. ©2017 InvestorPlace Media, LLC More on InvestorPlace 10 Stocks to Buy That Already Make America Great 7 Awful Stocks You Need to Ditch Now 3 'Golden' Ammo Stocks for Big Returns 3 Healthcare Stocks to Buy Despite Trump 3 Retail Stocks That Are Getting Smashed Apple's iPhone Takes a Hit From … Netflix? ADVERTISEMENT ADVERTISEMENT Editor's Picks 7 Stocks to Buy That Could Double by 2018 3 Fast-Food Stocks That Are Sweating Bullets Thanks to McDonald’s The 3 Best Sector ETFs to Buy for a Profitable 2017 The 3 Best ETFs to Put In Your IRA for Long-Term Growth 3 Covered Calls to Drop a $1,000 in Your Bank Account Most Popular 7 Stocks to Buy That Could Double by 2018 5 Blue-Chip Stocks to Sell in February 10 High-Yield Dividend Stocks That Are SOMEHOW Still Bargains 3 Dividend Aristocrats to Buy for Income and Growth The 3 Best Sector ETFs to Buy for a Profitable 2017 The 3 Best ETFs to Put In Your IRA for Long-Term Growth Poll of the Day View and vote in our Will the 'Trump' Stock Market Rally Continue Through 2017? poll Partners ADVERTISEMENT About Us   ·   Press Center   ·   Resources   ·   Advisory Services   ·   Free Newsletters   ·   Free Reports   ·   Contact Us   ·   Advertise With Us   ·   Employment   ·   Privacy   ·   Terms and Conditions   ·   Disclosures and Disclaimers   ·   Media Sites RSS   ·   Sitemap More On InvestorPlace: Choose A Page About Us Press Center Resources Advisory Services Free Newsletters Free Reports Contact Us Advertise With Us Employment Privacy Terms and Conditions Disclosures and Disclaimers Media Sites Sitemap Financial Market Data powered by FinancialContent Services, Inc. All rights reserved. Nasdaq quotes delayed at least 15 minutes, all others at least 20 minutes. Copyright © 2017 InvestorPlace Media, LLC. All rights reserved. 9201 Corporate Blvd, Rockville, MD 20850. Richard Band John Jagerson Hilary Kramer Jon Markman Louis Navellier Bryan Perry Ken Trester Dan Wiener Richard Young Blue Chip Growth Cash Machine GameChangers Independent Adviser for Vanguard Investors Intelligence Report Maximum Options Profitable Investing SlingShot Trader Trader’s Advantage Active Trading Income Investing Growth Investing Mutual Funds & ETFs Value Hunters Options Trading
Skip to navigation Skip to content Skip to footer View text version of this page Help using this website - Accessibility statement Menu The Age World Subscribe Login Sign-up Become a The Age member today Join today and you can easily save your favourite articles, join in the conversation and comment, plus select which news your want direct to your inbox. Create your account now! Become a The Age member today Join today and you can easily save your favourite articles, join in the conversation and comment, plus select which news your want direct to your inbox. Create your account now! Home News Sport Business Politics World Comment Property Entertainment Lifestyle Travel Cars Tech Video All News Victoria News National Environment Health Education Investigations Galleries Clique Photos Good Weekend NSW News ACT News Queensland WA News Sport AFL Ultimate Footy Cricket Soccer Racing Netball NRL Union Motorsport Basketball Tennis Scores Cycling Golf US Sports Athletics Boxing Swimming Business News & Views Markets Quotes Workplace Consumer Property Innovation Retail Economy CBD Money Small Business World Race to the White House Migrant Crisis Politics Political News Political Opinion Video Cartoons The Pulse Federal Election 2016 Your Vote Electorate Map Comment Letters Editorial Obituaries View from the Street John Birmingham Satire The Zone Entertainment Movies TV & Radio Music Books Art Stage Melbourne Film Festival What's On in Melbourne Video Box Office Lifestyle News & Views Life & Relationships Health & Wellbeing Beauty Fashion Horoscopes Celebrity Home The Optimist Tech News Security Web Culture Innovation Sci-Tech Gadgets Games Smartphone Apps Mobiles IT Pro Video News Sport Business Entertainment Lifestyle Travel Property Cars Food Exec Style Parenting Search Site Home World January 18 2017 Save Print China's Xi Jinping warns against trade war in defence of globalisation Ting Shi facebook SHARE twitter TWEET email google-plus linkedin reddit More Hong Kong: Chinese President Xi Jinping cautioned against protectionism as he pushed back against criticism of globalisation by Donald Trump and other Western populists. "Protectionism is like locking yourself in a dark room, which would seem to escape wind and rain, but also block out the sunshine," Xi told the World Economic Forum on Tuesday, the first Chinese head of state to address the annual gathering in the Alpine resort town of Davos. "No one is a winner in a trade war." Play Video Replay Video Play Video Don't Play Up Next 'Same problems as London': Morrison doubles down on negative gearing Play Video Don't Play Video duration 03:04 More BusinessDay Videos Previous slide Next slide Video duration 01:32 Damning inequality report haunts Davos Damning inequality report haunts Davos Oxfam publish a report saying eight individuals, all men, own as much wealth as the poorest half of the world's population. Up Next 'Same problems as London': Morrison doubles down on negative gearing Play Video Don't Play Video duration 03:04 Video duration 03:04 'Same problems as London': Morrison ... 'Same problems as London': Morrison doubles down on negative gearing High property prices in the UK show that Australia's housing affordability crisis is not related to negative gearing, Treasurer Scott Morrison told business leaders in Marylebone, in the UK. Up Next The ups and down of trading with Trump Play Video Don't Play Video duration 01:46 Video duration 01:46 The ups and down of trading with Trump The ups and down of trading with Trump A trade accord that will boost global exports by $1 trillion should come into force within two weeks, the head of WTO says, just as the rhetoric of U.S. President Donald Trump clouds the outlook for global trade. Up Next Former Billabong CEO jailed Play Video Don't Play Video duration 02:10 Video duration 02:10 Former Billabong CEO jailed Former Billabong CEO jailed Ex-Billabong CEO Matthew Perrin is been sentenced to eight years in jail for fraud. Up Next Negative gearing explained Play Video Don't Play Video duration 00:19 Video duration 00:19 Negative gearing explained Negative gearing explained You've heard the term bandied around, but what actually is negative gearing? Up Next Australia's Day off Play Video Don't Play Video duration 01:41 Video duration 01:41 Australia's Day off Australia's Day off With the national holiday on a Thursday this year, how many people are taking a sickie today for a long weekend? Up Next Trump: It's going to be America first again Play Video Don't Play Video duration 02:24 Video duration 02:24 Trump: It's going to be America first ... Trump: It's going to be America first again US President Donald Trump discusses trade, taxes, financial reform and infrastructure at a Republican congressional retreat in Philadelphia. Up Next Is a AAA credit rating that important? Play Video Don't Play Video duration 02:26 Video duration 02:26 Is a AAA credit rating that important? Is a AAA credit rating that important? Australia's politicians love to bang on about the country's credit rating, but what is it, and what will happen if we lost our triple-A status? More videos Damning inequality report haunts Davos Oxfam publish a report saying eight individuals, all men, own as much wealth as the poorest half of the world's population. Xi used his speech to support a global economic order that has helped fuel China's almost four-decade economic boom. While a surge in protectionist sentiment threatens to slow the engine of China's growth, it also offers Xi a chance to advance his goal of shaping global economic systems. In his speech he did not refer to Trump by name. Related Content Inequality, jobless youth and social media: a combustible mix for 2017 Trump team to shun Davos meeting of world's economic elite The Chinese president called on the world's business and political elite to address the problems of globalisation, without turning away from economic trends that have fuelled decades of growth. Leaders should address the excesses of growth, such as growing wealth gaps, while embracing new industries and innovation, he said. "There is no point in blaming economic globalisation for the world's problems because that is simply not the case," Xi said "And that will not help to solve the problems." Advertisement "The history of mankind has shown us that problems are not to be feared," Xi said. "What should concern us is the refusal to face up to the problems." The world's second-largest economy represents a bastion of consistency to Davos attendees facing a string of European elections - in France, the Netherlands, Germany and possibly Italy - after the twin shocks of Trump's victory and the UK's Brexit vote. Such "extreme weather events" topped the list of most likely risks in the forum's annual survey this year. SHARE Share on Facebook SHARE Share on Twitter TWEET Pin to Pinterest PIN Link China's President Xi Jinping. Photo: AP The president pledged to continue to overhaul China's economic structure. He said he had no intention to devalue his country's currency to boost competitiveness. Since taking power in 2012, Xi has shown a desire to raise his profile on the world stage, addressing the United Nations in 2015 and hosting the Group of 20 nations last year. He's touted China's cooperation with outgoing U.S. President Barack Obama on the Paris climate change deal - one of the multinational accords now questioned by Trump - as evidence of China's support for sustainable global development. SHARE Share on Facebook SHARE Share on Twitter TWEET Pin to Pinterest PIN Link US Vice-President Joe Biden listens as Chinese President Xi Jinping speaks. Photo: Bloomberg Less than two weeks after Trump's November win, Xi delivered a speech in support of free trade and globalisation at the Asia-Pacific Economic Cooperation summit in Lima, Peru. Trump, who is scheduled to be inaugurated in Washington on the final day of the Davos meeting, said he would withdraw from the 12-nation Trans-Pacific Partnership trade pact on his first day in office. China remains the world's big driver of economic growth despite its own slowdown, and was estimated to have accounted for almost 39 per cent of global growth last year, according to the World Economic Forum. SHARE Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Pin to Pinterest Link China's President Xi Jinping speaking up for globalisation at the World Economic Forum in Davos, Switzerland. Photo: AP He's sought to leverage China's economic strength into diplomatic clout with multinational initiatives such as the Asian Infrastructure Investment Bank and his signature "One Belt, One Road" plan to expand infrastructure along ancient trading routes to Europe. In September, Xi called for changes to international governance and advocated a bigger rule-making role for China in areas ranging from the internet to outer space. China set high expectations for Xi's speech, which one top diplomat said would provide a "blueprint for the future progress of human society." The country's foreign ministry said the Davos trip would identify the deeper causes of sluggish world growth, present solutions and reinforce confidence in global development. "Ready or not, China has become the de facto world leader seeking to maintain an open global economy and battle climate change," the official China Daily said in a commentary Friday that referred to the country "as the one major power with a global outlook." "In effect, President Xi has become the general secretary of globalisation." Bloomberg Advertisement Most Popular Trump freezes refugee program and orders new vetting for entry Donald Trump could 'do something mad' and provoke war, says ex-military commander Donald Trump, Theresa May vow close ties as split surfaces over Russia Plan to make Mexico pay dissolves as presidents' meeting cancelled Volatile Trump joining Putin's strongman club a threat to global institutions Follow Fairfax Foreign Share on FacebookFacebook Share on TwitterTwitter Follow The Age Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on EmailNewsletters Advertisement Most Viewed Today Previous slide Next slide World Plan to make Mexico pay dissolves as presidents' meeting cancelled Donald Trump could 'do something mad' and provoke war, says ex-military commander Trump freezes refugee program and orders new vetting for entry By holding Trump close, May hopes to disarm him Volatile Trump joining Putin's strongman club a threat to global institutions The Age Plan to make Mexico pay dissolves as presidents' meeting cancelled Bringing to light the 'mystery' of the clitoris 'Grossest movie ever made' sparks mass walkout at Sundance Breastfeeding mother 'humiliated' by National Gallery staff Two fighting for life, 11 in hospital a week on from Bourke Street rampage The Sydney Morning Herald Bringing to light the 'mystery' of the clitoris Body found in stairwell at Westfield Bondi Junction Year of the Rooster do's and don'ts Plan to make Mexico pay dissolves as presidents' meeting cancelled Joe Tripodi still pulling strings in the shadows Brisbane Times 31-day-old baby girl was tortured almost her whole life Queensland's weirdest road rules you never knew existed 'Grossest movie ever made' sparks mass walkout at Sundance Australia is investing billions in a madman Mirka Federer's fashion causes a social media stir Canberra Times NT Aboriginal leader defends January 26 Australia Day Breastfeeding mother 'humiliated' by National Gallery staff The Hunger Games actress Stef Dawson returns home to Canberra Fewer Canberrans tune in and turn up to Australia Day events 'Grossest movie ever made' sparks mass walkout at Sundance WA Today Swan River plane crash at Perth Skyshow: Tributes for victims Peter Lynch, Endah Cakrawati Perth Skyshow plane tragedy probe a logistical nightmare Swan River plane crash: investigations begin, skyshow will not be rescheduled Two dead as plane crashes in front of Australia Day crowd Mirka Federer's fashion causes a social media stir Get Started Subscribe today for unlimited access from only 50c a day The Age Share via Email Share on Facebook Share on Google Plus Share on Twitter RSS Feed Products and Services AM Edition PM Edition The AGE for iPad Today's Paper Subscribe Manage My Subscription Subscriber Hub Corporate Subscriptions Digital Subscription FAQs Good Food Guide The Store by Fairfax Newsletters The Age Sitemap About Us Contact Us Subscribers Advertise With Us Text Version Site Accessibility Guide Classifieds Place an Ad Cars Dating Jobs Real Estate Commercial Real Estate Oneflare Nabo Tributes Celebrations Our Sites SMH The Age AFR.com Adzuna Domain Drive RSVP Essential Baby Home Price Guide Weatherzone Fairfax Media Member Centre News Store Archive Fairfax Syndication Careers Events Press Council Copyright © 2017Fairfax Media Website Feedback Info Save articles for later. Ok, Got it Info Subscribe for unlimited access to news. Login to save articles. Ok, Got it Info Return to the homepage by clicking on the site logo. Ok, Got it
Skip to navigation Skip to content Skip to footer View text version of this page Help using this website - Accessibility statement Menu The Sydney Morning Herald News site of the year World Subscribe Login Sign-up Become a SMH member today! Join today and you can easily save your favourite articles, join in the conversation and comment, plus select which news your want direct to your inbox. Create account now! Become a SMH member today! Join today and you can easily save your favourite articles, join in the conversation and comment, plus select which news your want direct to your inbox. Create account now! Home News Sport Business World Politics Comment Property Entertainment Lifestyle Travel Cars Tech Video All News NSW News National Environment Health Education Investigations Good Weekend Galleries Clique Photos Victoria News Queensland ACT News WA News Sport NRL Union AFL Football Cricket Racing Motorsport Basketball Netball Cycling Tennis Scores Golf US Sports Athletics Swimming Boxing Sailing Business News & Views Markets Quotes Workplace Consumer Property Innovation Retail Economy CBD Money Small Business World Race to the White House Migrant Crisis Politics Political News Political Opinion Video Cartoons The Pulse Federal Election 2016 Your Vote Electorate Map Comment Letters Editorials Column 8 Obituaries Peter Hartcher Ross Gittins Jessica Irvine John Birmingham Satire Entertainment Movies TV & Radio Music Books Art Stage What's On in Sydney Video Shop Art Lifestyle News & Views Life & Relationships Health & Wellbeing Beauty Fashion Horoscopes Celebrity Home The Optimist Tech News Security Web Culture Innovation Sci-Tech Gadgets Games Smartphone Apps Mobiles IT Pro Video News Sport Business Entertainment Lifestyle Travel Property Cars Food Exec Style Parenting Search Site Home World January 18 2017 Save Print China's Xi Jinping warns against trade war in defence of globalisation Ting Shi facebook SHARE twitter TWEET email google-plus linkedin reddit More Hong Kong: Chinese President Xi Jinping cautioned against protectionism as he pushed back against criticism of globalisation by Donald Trump and other Western populists. "Protectionism is like locking yourself in a dark room, which would seem to escape wind and rain, but also block out the sunshine," Xi told the World Economic Forum on Tuesday, the first Chinese head of state to address the annual gathering in the Alpine resort town of Davos. "No one is a winner in a trade war." Play Video Replay Video Play Video Don't Play Up Next 'Same problems as London': Morrison doubles down on negative gearing Play Video Don't Play Video duration 03:04 More BusinessDay Videos Previous slide Next slide Video duration 01:32 Damning inequality report haunts Davos Damning inequality report haunts Davos Oxfam publish a report saying eight individuals, all men, own as much wealth as the poorest half of the world's population. Up Next 'Same problems as London': Morrison doubles down on negative gearing Play Video Don't Play Video duration 03:04 Video duration 03:04 'Same problems as London': Morrison ... 'Same problems as London': Morrison doubles down on negative gearing High property prices in the UK show that Australia's housing affordability crisis is not related to negative gearing, Treasurer Scott Morrison told business leaders in Marylebone, in the UK. Up Next The ups and down of trading with Trump Play Video Don't Play Video duration 01:46 Video duration 01:46 The ups and down of trading with Trump The ups and down of trading with Trump A trade accord that will boost global exports by $1 trillion should come into force within two weeks, the head of WTO says, just as the rhetoric of U.S. President Donald Trump clouds the outlook for global trade. Up Next Former Billabong CEO jailed Play Video Don't Play Video duration 02:10 Video duration 02:10 Former Billabong CEO jailed Former Billabong CEO jailed Ex-Billabong CEO Matthew Perrin is been sentenced to eight years in jail for fraud. Up Next Negative gearing explained Play Video Don't Play Video duration 00:19 Video duration 00:19 Negative gearing explained Negative gearing explained You've heard the term bandied around, but what actually is negative gearing? Up Next Australia's Day off Play Video Don't Play Video duration 01:41 Video duration 01:41 Australia's Day off Australia's Day off With the national holiday on a Thursday this year, how many people are taking a sickie today for a long weekend? Up Next Trump: It's going to be America first again Play Video Don't Play Video duration 02:24 Video duration 02:24 Trump: It's going to be America first ... Trump: It's going to be America first again US President Donald Trump discusses trade, taxes, financial reform and infrastructure at a Republican congressional retreat in Philadelphia. Up Next Dow stays above 20,000 Play Video Don't Play Video duration 01:05 Video duration 01:05 Dow stays above 20,000 Dow stays above 20,000 US stocks were little changed as investors paused following a two-day rally that pushed the Dow Jones Industrial Average above the 20,000 mark. More videos Damning inequality report haunts Davos Oxfam publish a report saying eight individuals, all men, own as much wealth as the poorest half of the world's population. Xi used his speech to support a global economic order that has helped fuel China's almost four-decade economic boom. While a surge in protectionist sentiment threatens to slow the engine of China's growth, it also offers Xi a chance to advance his goal of shaping global economic systems. In his speech he did not refer to Trump by name. Related Content Inequality, jobless youth and social media: a combustible mix for 2017 Trump team to shun Davos meeting of world's economic elite The Chinese president called on the world's business and political elite to address the problems of globalisation, without turning away from economic trends that have fuelled decades of growth. Leaders should address the excesses of growth, such as growing wealth gaps, while embracing new industries and innovation, he said. "There is no point in blaming economic globalisation for the world's problems because that is simply not the case," Xi said "And that will not help to solve the problems." Advertisement "The history of mankind has shown us that problems are not to be feared," Xi said. "What should concern us is the refusal to face up to the problems." The world's second-largest economy represents a bastion of consistency to Davos attendees facing a string of European elections - in France, the Netherlands, Germany and possibly Italy - after the twin shocks of Trump's victory and the UK's Brexit vote. Such "extreme weather events" topped the list of most likely risks in the forum's annual survey this year. SHARE Share on Facebook SHARE Share on Twitter TWEET Pin to Pinterest PIN Link China's President Xi Jinping. Photo: AP The president pledged to continue to overhaul China's economic structure. He said he had no intention to devalue his country's currency to boost competitiveness. Since taking power in 2012, Xi has shown a desire to raise his profile on the world stage, addressing the United Nations in 2015 and hosting the Group of 20 nations last year. He's touted China's cooperation with outgoing U.S. President Barack Obama on the Paris climate change deal - one of the multinational accords now questioned by Trump - as evidence of China's support for sustainable global development. SHARE Share on Facebook SHARE Share on Twitter TWEET Pin to Pinterest PIN Link US Vice-President Joe Biden listens as Chinese President Xi Jinping speaks. Photo: Bloomberg Less than two weeks after Trump's November win, Xi delivered a speech in support of free trade and globalisation at the Asia-Pacific Economic Cooperation summit in Lima, Peru. Trump, who is scheduled to be inaugurated in Washington on the final day of the Davos meeting, said he would withdraw from the 12-nation Trans-Pacific Partnership trade pact on his first day in office. China remains the world's big driver of economic growth despite its own slowdown, and was estimated to have accounted for almost 39 per cent of global growth last year, according to the World Economic Forum. SHARE Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Pin to Pinterest Link China's President Xi Jinping speaking up for globalisation at the World Economic Forum in Davos, Switzerland. Photo: AP He's sought to leverage China's economic strength into diplomatic clout with multinational initiatives such as the Asian Infrastructure Investment Bank and his signature "One Belt, One Road" plan to expand infrastructure along ancient trading routes to Europe. In September, Xi called for changes to international governance and advocated a bigger rule-making role for China in areas ranging from the internet to outer space. China set high expectations for Xi's speech, which one top diplomat said would provide a "blueprint for the future progress of human society." The country's foreign ministry said the Davos trip would identify the deeper causes of sluggish world growth, present solutions and reinforce confidence in global development. "Ready or not, China has become the de facto world leader seeking to maintain an open global economy and battle climate change," the official China Daily said in a commentary Friday that referred to the country "as the one major power with a global outlook." "In effect, President Xi has become the general secretary of globalisation." Bloomberg Advertisement Most Popular Trump freezes refugee program and orders new vetting for entry Donald Trump, Theresa May vow close ties as split surfaces over Russia Donald Trump issues Australia Day message Volatile Trump joining Putin's strongman club a threat to global institutions Donald Trump could 'do something mad' and provoke war, says ex-military commander Follow Fairfax Foreign Share on FacebookFacebook Share on TwitterTwitter Follow SMH Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on EmailNewsletters Advertisement Most Viewed Today Previous slide Next slide World Plan to make Mexico pay dissolves as presidents' meeting cancelled Donald Trump, Theresa May vow close ties as split surfaces over Russia Donald Trump issues Australia Day message Donald Trump could 'do something mad' and provoke war, says ex-military commander Trump freezes refugee program and orders new vetting for entry The Sydney Morning Herald Bringing to light the 'mystery' of the clitoris Body found in stairwell at Westfield Bondi Junction Year of the Rooster do's and don'ts Plan to make Mexico pay dissolves as presidents' meeting cancelled Joe Tripodi still pulling strings in the shadows The Age Plan to make Mexico pay dissolves as presidents' meeting cancelled Bringing to light the 'mystery' of the clitoris 'Grossest movie ever made' sparks mass walkout at Sundance Breastfeeding mother 'humiliated' by National Gallery staff Two fighting for life, 11 in hospital a week on from Bourke Street rampage Brisbane Times 31-day-old baby girl was tortured almost her whole life Queensland's weirdest road rules you never knew existed 'Grossest movie ever made' sparks mass walkout at Sundance Australia is investing billions in a madman Mirka Federer's fashion causes a social media stir Canberra Times NT Aboriginal leader defends January 26 Australia Day Breastfeeding mother 'humiliated' by National Gallery staff The Hunger Games actress Stef Dawson returns home to Canberra Fewer Canberrans tune in and turn up to Australia Day events 'Grossest movie ever made' sparks mass walkout at Sundance WA Today Swan River plane crash at Perth Skyshow: Tributes for victims Peter Lynch, Endah Cakrawati Perth Skyshow plane tragedy probe a logistical nightmare Swan River plane crash: investigations begin, skyshow will not be rescheduled Two dead as plane crashes in front of Australia Day crowd Mirka Federer's fashion causes a social media stir Get Started Subscribe today for unlimited access from only 50c a day The Sydney Morning Herald Share via Email Share on Facebook Share on Google Plus Share on Twitter RSS Feed Products and Services AM Edition PM Edition SMH for iPad Today's Paper Subscribe Manage My Subscription Subscriber Hub Corporate Subscriptions Digital Subscription FAQs Good Food Guide The Store by Fairfax Newsletters Sydney Morning Herald Sitemap About Us Contact Us Subscribers Advertise With Us Text Version Site Accessibility Guide Classifieds Place an Ad Cars Dating Jobs Real Estate Commercial Real Estate Oneflare Nabo Tributes Celebrations Our Sites SMH The Age AFR.com Adzuna Domain Drive RSVP Essential Baby Home Price Guide Weatherzone Fairfax Media Member Centre News Store Archive Fairfax Syndication Careers Events Press Council Copyright © 2017Fairfax Media Website Feedback Info Save articles for later. Ok, Got it Info Subscribe for unlimited access to news. Login to save articles. Ok, Got it Info Return to the homepage by clicking on the site logo. Ok, Got it
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy   Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Brookline Bancorp Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Brookline Bancorp Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News National Asset Management Inc. Has $607,000 Stake in American Water Works (AWK) Panagora Asset Management Inc. Boosts Position in eBay Inc. (EBAY) Panagora Asset Management Inc. Buys 989,883 Shares of Baxter International Inc. (BAX) Panagora Asset Management Inc. Has $49,920,000 Position in Western Alliance Bancorporation (WAL) Eli Lilly and Company (LLY) Position Lowered by Capital International Sarl Goldman Sachs Group, Inc. (The) (GS) Position Reduced by Capital International Sarl Capital International Sarl Maintains Position in Canadian National Railway Company (CNI) Capital International Sarl Maintains Position in Cognizant Technology Solutions Corp (CTSH) Fuller & Thaler Asset Management Inc. Acquires 2,304,519 Shares of Verifone Systems, Inc. (PAY) Blackstone Group L.P. Invests $13,851,000 in Take-Two Interactive Software, Inc. (TTWO) TPG Group Holdings SBS Advisors Inc. Cuts Position in Continental Building Products, Inc. (CBPX) TPG Group Holdings SBS Advisors Inc. Sells 3,273 Shares of LinkedIn Corp (LNKD) National Asset Management Inc. Has $858,000 Position in Medtronic PLC (MDT) E.W. Scripps Company (The) (SSP) Shares Bought by Blackstone Group L.P. Blackstone Group L.P. Maintains Stake in NantHealth Inc (NH) Fuller & Thaler Asset Management Inc. Has $59,582,000 Stake in Cabot Corporation (CBT) Fuller & Thaler Asset Management Inc. Sells 9,719 Shares of MTS Systems Corporation (MTSC) Fuller & Thaler Asset Management Inc. Sells 494,508 Shares of El Paso Electric Company (EE) Fuller & Thaler Asset Management Inc. Decreases Position in Brink’s Company (The) (BCO) Cheniere Energy Partners LP Holdings LLC (CQH) Position Cut by Blackstone Group L.P. JPMorgan Chase & Co. Raises Position in Brookline Bancorp, Inc. (BRKL) January 17th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Latisha Jones Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet JPMorgan Chase & Co. boosted its position in shares of Brookline Bancorp, Inc. (NASDAQ:BRKL) by 28.4% during the third quarter, according to its most recent filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). The fund owned 282,922 shares of the company’s stock after buying an additional 62,543 shares during the period. JPMorgan Chase & Co. owned approximately 0.40% of Brookline Bancorp worth $3,449,000 at the end of the most recent reporting period. Several other hedge funds and other institutional investors have also recently made changes to their positions in BRKL. Moody Aldrich Partners LLC raised its stake in Brookline Bancorp by 172.7% in the second quarter. Moody Aldrich Partners LLC now owns 232,522 shares of the company’s stock valued at $2,565,000 after buying an additional 147,252 shares during the period. Deprince Race & Zollo Inc. raised its stake in Brookline Bancorp by 18.5% in the second quarter. Deprince Race & Zollo Inc. now owns 1,668,511 shares of the company’s stock valued at $18,404,000 after buying an additional 260,056 shares during the period. Swiss National Bank raised its stake in Brookline Bancorp by 2.3% in the second quarter. Swiss National Bank now owns 121,000 shares of the company’s stock valued at $1,335,000 after buying an additional 2,700 shares during the period. Dimensional Fund Advisors LP raised its stake in Brookline Bancorp by 6.2% in the second quarter. Dimensional Fund Advisors LP now owns 5,756,502 shares of the company’s stock valued at $63,493,000 after buying an additional 337,931 shares during the period. Finally, Nationwide Fund Advisors raised its stake in Brookline Bancorp by 0.6% in the second quarter. Nationwide Fund Advisors now owns 205,862 shares of the company’s stock valued at $2,271,000 after buying an additional 1,263 shares during the period. 75.33% of the stock is currently owned by institutional investors and hedge funds. Shares of Brookline Bancorp, Inc. (NASDAQ:BRKL) traded down 1.25% during trading on Tuesday, reaching $15.80. The company’s stock had a trading volume of 60,634 shares. The firm has a market capitalization of $1.11 billion, a P/E ratio of 21.18 and a beta of 0.93. The company has a 50 day moving average price of $15.90 and a 200 day moving average price of $12.92. Brookline Bancorp, Inc. has a 52 week low of $9.91 and a 52 week high of $16.85. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION NOTICE: This story was originally posted by Daily Political and is the propert of of Daily Political. If you are accessing this story on another site, it was illegally stolen and reposted in violation of U.S. and international copyright law. The correct version of this story can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/01/17/jpmorgan-chase-co-raises-position-in-brookline-bancorp-inc-brkl.html. Separately, Compass Point lowered Brookline Bancorp from a “buy” rating to a “neutral” rating in a report on Friday, November 18th. Two equities research analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and three have given a buy rating to the company. The company presently has a consensus rating of “Buy” and a consensus target price of $12.63. In other news, Director David C. Chapin sold 21,402 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction dated Tuesday, November 22nd. The stock was sold at an average price of $14.89, for a total value of $318,675.78. The transaction was disclosed in a filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is available through this hyperlink. Also, COO James M. Cosman sold 12,500 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction dated Wednesday, November 23rd. The shares were sold at an average price of $15.05, for a total value of $188,125.00. Following the completion of the sale, the chief operating officer now directly owns 40,098 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $603,474.90. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Company insiders own 2.82% of the company’s stock. About Brookline Bancorp Brookline Bancorp, Inc operates as a multi-bank holding company for Brookline Bank and its subsidiaries; Bank Rhode Island and its subsidiaries; First Ipswich Bank and its subsidiaries, and Brookline Securities Corp. As a commercially-focused financial institution with approximately 50 banking offices in greater Boston, the north shore of Massachusetts and Rhode Island, the Company offers commercial, business and retail banking services, including cash management products, online banking services, consumer and residential loans and investment services in central New England. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding BRKL? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Brookline Bancorp, Inc. (NASDAQ:BRKL). Receive News & Ratings for Brookline Bancorp Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Brookline Bancorp Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Trump’s Labor Secretary Choice Outsourced Jobs President Trump Agenda: Border Wall and Sanctuary Cities White House Says President Trump Will Not Release His Tax Returns Protesters Plan Big Disruptions for Trump Inauguration Summer Zervos Filing Defamation Suit Against Donald Trump © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy   Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Lumentum Holdings Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Lumentum Holdings Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News National Asset Management Inc. Has $607,000 Stake in American Water Works (AWK) Panagora Asset Management Inc. Boosts Position in eBay Inc. (EBAY) Panagora Asset Management Inc. Buys 989,883 Shares of Baxter International Inc. (BAX) Panagora Asset Management Inc. Has $49,920,000 Position in Western Alliance Bancorporation (WAL) Eli Lilly and Company (LLY) Position Lowered by Capital International Sarl Goldman Sachs Group, Inc. (The) (GS) Position Reduced by Capital International Sarl Capital International Sarl Maintains Position in Canadian National Railway Company (CNI) Capital International Sarl Maintains Position in Cognizant Technology Solutions Corp (CTSH) Fuller & Thaler Asset Management Inc. Acquires 2,304,519 Shares of Verifone Systems, Inc. (PAY) Blackstone Group L.P. Invests $13,851,000 in Take-Two Interactive Software, Inc. (TTWO) TPG Group Holdings SBS Advisors Inc. Cuts Position in Continental Building Products, Inc. (CBPX) TPG Group Holdings SBS Advisors Inc. Sells 3,273 Shares of LinkedIn Corp (LNKD) National Asset Management Inc. Has $858,000 Position in Medtronic PLC (MDT) E.W. Scripps Company (The) (SSP) Shares Bought by Blackstone Group L.P. Blackstone Group L.P. Maintains Stake in NantHealth Inc (NH) Fuller & Thaler Asset Management Inc. Has $59,582,000 Stake in Cabot Corporation (CBT) Fuller & Thaler Asset Management Inc. Sells 9,719 Shares of MTS Systems Corporation (MTSC) Fuller & Thaler Asset Management Inc. Sells 494,508 Shares of El Paso Electric Company (EE) Fuller & Thaler Asset Management Inc. Decreases Position in Brink’s Company (The) (BCO) Cheniere Energy Partners LP Holdings LLC (CQH) Position Cut by Blackstone Group L.P. JPMorgan Chase & Co. Raises Position in Lumentum Holdings Inc. (LITE) January 17th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Stacy Sanders Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet JPMorgan Chase & Co. boosted its position in shares of Lumentum Holdings Inc. (NASDAQ:LITE) by 109.8% during the third quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The institutional investor owned 84,811 shares of the company’s stock after buying an additional 44,385 shares during the period. JPMorgan Chase & Co. owned about 0.14% of Lumentum Holdings worth $3,542,000 at the end of the most recent quarter. Other institutional investors have also recently made changes to their positions in the company. Sei Investments Co. boosted its position in shares of Lumentum Holdings by 131.7% in the third quarter. Sei Investments Co. now owns 30,048 shares of the company’s stock worth $1,255,000 after buying an additional 17,080 shares during the period. CIBC World Markets Inc. acquired a new position in Lumentum Holdings during the third quarter valued at about $3,054,000. Redwood Investments LLC acquired a new position in Lumentum Holdings during the third quarter valued at about $3,554,000. Victory Capital Management Inc. boosted its position in Lumentum Holdings by 69,766.5% in the third quarter. Victory Capital Management Inc. now owns 1,429,469 shares of the company’s stock valued at $59,709,000 after buying an additional 1,427,423 shares during the period. Finally, Hood River Capital Management LLC boosted its position in Lumentum Holdings by 17.2% in the third quarter. Hood River Capital Management LLC now owns 693,021 shares of the company’s stock valued at $28,947,000 after buying an additional 101,848 shares during the period. 81.13% of the stock is currently owned by institutional investors. Shares of Lumentum Holdings Inc. (NASDAQ:LITE) traded down 2.4110% during mid-day trading on Tuesday, reaching $35.4736. The company’s stock had a trading volume of 290,429 shares. Lumentum Holdings Inc. has a one year low of $18.10 and a one year high of $45.25. The stock has a market cap of $2.13 billion, a P/E ratio of 656.9185 and a beta of 0.78. The stock has a 50 day moving average of $39.90 and a 200-day moving average of $35.64. Lumentum Holdings (NASDAQ:LITE) last announced its earnings results on Thursday, October 27th. The company reported $0.49 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, beating analysts’ consensus estimates of $0.44 by $0.05. The company had revenue of $258.10 million for the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $251.95 million. Lumentum Holdings had a return on equity of 15.22% and a net margin of 0.62%. The firm’s quarterly revenue was up 21.4% compared to the same quarter last year. During the same quarter in the previous year, the company earned $0.26 earnings per share. On average, equities research analysts expect that Lumentum Holdings Inc. will post $2.02 EPS for the current fiscal year. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY WARNING: This piece of content was published by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are viewing this piece of content on another domain, it was copied illegally and republished in violation of United States and international copyright and trademark laws. The original version of this piece of content can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/01/17/jpmorgan-chase-co-raises-position-in-lumentum-holdings-inc-lite.html. Several equities research analysts recently weighed in on LITE shares. B. Riley restated a “buy” rating and set a $51.75 price target on shares of Lumentum Holdings in a research report on Wednesday, November 2nd. MKM Partners reissued a “buy” rating on shares of Lumentum Holdings in a report on Thursday, December 22nd. Needham & Company LLC boosted their price target on Lumentum Holdings from $50.00 to $56.00 and gave the stock a “strong-buy” rating in a research note on Monday, October 31st. Stifel Nicolaus boosted their price target on Lumentum Holdings from $42.00 to $45.00 and gave the stock a “buy” rating in a research note on Friday, October 28th. Finally, Zacks Investment Research cut Lumentum Holdings from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating in a research note on Thursday, December 29th. Three investment analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, two have given a hold rating, seven have given a buy rating and two have given a strong buy rating to the company’s stock. The stock currently has a consensus rating of “Buy” and an average target price of $41.94. In related news, CFO Aaron Tachibana sold 5,180 shares of the stock in a transaction on Thursday, November 17th. The stock was sold at an average price of $40.10, for a total value of $207,718.00. Following the transaction, the chief financial officer now owns 47,548 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $1,906,674.80. The transaction was disclosed in a filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is accessible through this link. Also, CEO Alan S. Lowe sold 6,113 shares of the stock in a transaction on Thursday, November 17th. The shares were sold at an average price of $40.68, for a total value of $248,676.84. Following the completion of the transaction, the chief executive officer now directly owns 158,306 shares in the company, valued at approximately $6,439,888.08. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Insiders own 0.76% of the company’s stock. Lumentum Holdings Company Profile Lumentum Holdings Inc is a provider of optical and photonic products for a range of end market applications, including data communications (Datacom) and telecommunications (Telecom) networking and commercial lasers (commercial lasers) for manufacturing, inspection and life-science applications. The Company operates in two segments: Optical Communications (OpComms) and Commercial Lasers (Lasers). Want to see what other hedge funds are holding LITE? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Lumentum Holdings Inc. (NASDAQ:LITE). Receive News & Ratings for Lumentum Holdings Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Lumentum Holdings Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Trump’s Labor Secretary Choice Outsourced Jobs President Trump Agenda: Border Wall and Sanctuary Cities White House Says President Trump Will Not Release His Tax Returns Protesters Plan Big Disruptions for Trump Inauguration Summer Zervos Filing Defamation Suit Against Donald Trump © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact US Privacy Policy Staff Daily Email Updates Headlines Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Investing Four Corners Property Trust Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Four Corners Property Trust Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Recent Posts Private Wealth Advisors Inc. Holds Stake in Walgreens Boots Alliance, Inc. (WBA) Agilent Technologies, Inc. (A) Shares Sold by HBK Investments L P Advantus Capital Management Inc Sells 262,946 Shares of United Dominion Realty Trust, Inc. (UDR) Celgene Corporation (CELG) Shares Bought by Johnson Investment Counsel Inc. Crown Castle International Corporation (CCI) Shares Sold by Johnson Investment Counsel Inc. Johnson Investment Counsel Inc. Has $228,000 Stake in Streamline Health Solutions, Inc. (STRM) Recent Investment Analysts’ Ratings Updates for Taylor Wimpey plc (TW) W.P. Carey Inc. (WPC) Shares Sold by OMERS ADMINISTRATION Corp OMERS ADMINISTRATION Corp Has $544,000 Position in KCG Holdings, Inc. (KCG) OMERS ADMINISTRATION Corp Takes Position in Constellation Brands Inc (STZ) OMERS ADMINISTRATION Corp Has $480,000 Stake in Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd. (RCL) United Services Automobile Association Decreases Position in CIRCOR International, Inc. (CIR) Zynga Inc. (ZNGA) Shares Bought by Two Sigma Advisers LP Sohu.com Inc. (SOHU) Position Reduced by Two Sigma Advisers LP ABIOMED, Inc. (ABMD) Stake Boosted by Two Sigma Advisers LP Investors Bancorp, Inc. (ISBC) Declares Quarterly Dividend of $0.08 United Services Automobile Association Decreases Stake in Education Realty Trust Inc. (EDR) United Services Automobile Association Boosts Stake in AvalonBay Communities, Inc. (AVB) United Services Automobile Association Sells 6,890 Shares of Mistras Group Inc (MG) HighTower Advisors LLC Buys 1 Shares of Pinnacle Foods, Inc. (PF) JPMorgan Chase & Co. Has $3,597,000 Position in Four Corners Property Trust, Inc. (FCPT) Posted by Jacob Kohn on Jan 17th, 2017 // No Comments Tweet JPMorgan Chase & Co. reduced its position in shares of Four Corners Property Trust, Inc. (NYSE:FCPT) by 57.3% during the third quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The institutional investor owned 168,667 shares of the company’s stock after selling 226,338 shares during the period. JPMorgan Chase & Co. owned 0.28% of Four Corners Property Trust worth $3,597,000 at the end of the most recent quarter. Several other institutional investors have also recently bought and sold shares of FCPT. Cohen & Steers Inc. raised its position in shares of Four Corners Property Trust by 206.2% in the second quarter. Cohen & Steers Inc. now owns 7,957,561 shares of the company’s stock valued at $736,393,000 after buying an additional 5,358,939 shares during the period. Adelante Capital Management LLC bought a new position in shares of Four Corners Property Trust during the second quarter valued at approximately $15,813,000. Teachers Advisors Inc. raised its position in shares of Four Corners Property Trust by 764.8% in the second quarter. Teachers Advisors Inc. now owns 850,887 shares of the company’s stock valued at $17,520,000 after buying an additional 752,497 shares during the period. Vanguard Group Inc. raised its position in shares of Four Corners Property Trust by 11.4% in the second quarter. Vanguard Group Inc. now owns 7,129,055 shares of the company’s stock valued at $146,787,000 after buying an additional 730,918 shares during the period. Finally, Osterweis Capital Management Inc. bought a new position in shares of Four Corners Property Trust during the second quarter valued at approximately $13,990,000. 85.59% of the stock is owned by institutional investors and hedge funds. Four Corners Property Trust, Inc. (NYSE:FCPT) traded up 2.04% during midday trading on Tuesday, reaching $20.97. 70,498 shares of the company’s stock traded hands. Four Corners Property Trust, Inc. has a 52 week low of $14.49 and a 52 week high of $22.18. The company’s 50-day moving average price is $19.86 and its 200 day moving average price is $20.38. The stock has a market capitalization of $1.26 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 9.69 and a beta of 0.23. Four Corners Property Trust (NYSE:FCPT) last posted its quarterly earnings results on Thursday, November 3rd. The company reported $0.34 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, topping analysts’ consensus estimates of $0.33 by $0.01. The business earned $30.82 million during the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $19.53 million. Four Corners Property Trust had a net margin of 115.37% and a return on equity of 29.56%. The firm’s revenue was up 598.9% compared to the same quarter last year. During the same period in the prior year, the firm earned $1.00 earnings per share. On average, equities research analysts expect that Four Corners Property Trust, Inc. will post $2.32 earnings per share for the current year. The business also recently declared a quarterly dividend, which was paid on Friday, January 13th. Stockholders of record on Friday, December 30th were given a $0.243 dividend. This represents a $0.97 dividend on an annualized basis and a dividend yield of 4.73%. The ex-dividend date was Wednesday, December 28th. WARNING: “JPMorgan Chase & Co. Has $3,597,000 Position in Four Corners Property Trust, Inc. (FCPT)” was first published by Web Breaking News and is owned by of Web Breaking News. If you are viewing this piece on another domain, it was illegally stolen and reposted in violation of US & international copyright and trademark laws. The legal version of this piece can be accessed at http://www.webbreakingnews.com/2017/01/17/jpmorgan-chase-co-has-3597000-position-in-four-corners-property-trust-inc-fcpt.html. Several equities analysts recently commented on the stock. Zacks Investment Research raised shares of Four Corners Property Trust from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $21.00 price target for the company in a research report on Tuesday, November 22nd. JMP Securities reaffirmed a “hold” rating on shares of Four Corners Property Trust in a research report on Sunday, November 6th. About Four Corners Property Trust Four Corners Property Trust, Inc is a self-administered company, which is engaged in the ownership, acquisition and leasing of restaurant properties. The Company’s business is conducted through its subsidiaries, Four Corners Operating Partnership, LP (Four Corners OP) and Four Corners GP, LLC (Four Corners GP). Want to see what other hedge funds are holding FCPT? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Four Corners Property Trust, Inc. (NYSE:FCPT). Receive News & Ratings for Four Corners Property Trust Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Four Corners Property Trust Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter. « Previous Ford Motor Company (F) Shares Bought by Sumitomo Mitsui Asset Management Company LTD Next » British American Tobacco plc (BATS) PT Raised to GBX 5,800 Latest News Nike Suspends Relationship with Maria Sharapova Rob Bironas Ex-Titans Kicker Dies in Car Crash Ron Washington Leaves Texas Rangers Due to an Affair Jonathan Dwyer Falls in Line with Other Banned NFL Players Tony Stewart Case Going to the Grand Jury Oscar Pistorius “Blade Runner” Found Not Guilty of Murder Leave a Reply Click here to cancel reply. Name (Required) Mail (will not be published) (Required) Website   Home Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Headlines Investing © 2006-2017 Web Breaking News.
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy   Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Fifth Street Finance Corp. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Fifth Street Finance Corp. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News National Asset Management Inc. Has $607,000 Stake in American Water Works (AWK) Panagora Asset Management Inc. Boosts Position in eBay Inc. (EBAY) Panagora Asset Management Inc. Buys 989,883 Shares of Baxter International Inc. (BAX) Panagora Asset Management Inc. Has $49,920,000 Position in Western Alliance Bancorporation (WAL) Eli Lilly and Company (LLY) Position Lowered by Capital International Sarl Goldman Sachs Group, Inc. (The) (GS) Position Reduced by Capital International Sarl Capital International Sarl Maintains Position in Canadian National Railway Company (CNI) Capital International Sarl Maintains Position in Cognizant Technology Solutions Corp (CTSH) Fuller & Thaler Asset Management Inc. Acquires 2,304,519 Shares of Verifone Systems, Inc. (PAY) Blackstone Group L.P. Invests $13,851,000 in Take-Two Interactive Software, Inc. (TTWO) TPG Group Holdings SBS Advisors Inc. Cuts Position in Continental Building Products, Inc. (CBPX) TPG Group Holdings SBS Advisors Inc. Sells 3,273 Shares of LinkedIn Corp (LNKD) National Asset Management Inc. Has $858,000 Position in Medtronic PLC (MDT) E.W. Scripps Company (The) (SSP) Shares Bought by Blackstone Group L.P. Blackstone Group L.P. Maintains Stake in NantHealth Inc (NH) Fuller & Thaler Asset Management Inc. Has $59,582,000 Stake in Cabot Corporation (CBT) Fuller & Thaler Asset Management Inc. Sells 9,719 Shares of MTS Systems Corporation (MTSC) Fuller & Thaler Asset Management Inc. Sells 494,508 Shares of El Paso Electric Company (EE) Fuller & Thaler Asset Management Inc. Decreases Position in Brink’s Company (The) (BCO) Cheniere Energy Partners LP Holdings LLC (CQH) Position Cut by Blackstone Group L.P. JPMorgan Chase & Co. Has $3,576,000 Position in Fifth Street Finance Corp. (FSC) January 17th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Stacy Sanders Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet JPMorgan Chase & Co. increased its stake in shares of Fifth Street Finance Corp. (NASDAQ:FSC) by 12.2% during the third quarter, according to its most recent filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission. The fund owned 615,642 shares of the company’s stock after buying an additional 66,763 shares during the period. JPMorgan Chase & Co.’s holdings in Fifth Street Finance Corp. were worth $3,576,000 at the end of the most recent reporting period. A number of other institutional investors also recently added to or reduced their stakes in FSC. Ameriprise Financial Inc. acquired a new position in shares of Fifth Street Finance Corp. during the second quarter valued at approximately $143,000. Sequoia Financial Advisors LLC acquired a new position in shares of Fifth Street Finance Corp. during the second quarter valued at approximately $152,000. Stevens Capital Management LP increased its position in shares of Fifth Street Finance Corp. by 81.8% in the second quarter. Stevens Capital Management LP now owns 31,614 shares of the company’s stock valued at $153,000 after buying an additional 14,224 shares during the last quarter. Cipher Capital LP increased its position in shares of Fifth Street Finance Corp. by 105.3% in the second quarter. Cipher Capital LP now owns 34,087 shares of the company’s stock valued at $166,000 after buying an additional 17,486 shares during the last quarter. Finally, Sheaff Brock Investment Advisors LLC increased its position in shares of Fifth Street Finance Corp. by 2.5% in the second quarter. Sheaff Brock Investment Advisors LLC now owns 38,438 shares of the company’s stock valued at $186,000 after buying an additional 955 shares during the last quarter. Institutional investors own 31.82% of the company’s stock. Shares of Fifth Street Finance Corp. (NASDAQ:FSC) traded up 0.72% during midday trading on Tuesday, reaching $5.60. The company’s stock had a trading volume of 726,235 shares. The company has a 50 day moving average price of $5.52 and a 200-day moving average price of $5.64. The stock’s market capitalization is $802.24 million. Fifth Street Finance Corp. has a 52 week low of $4.40 and a 52 week high of $6.32. The company also recently announced a monthly dividend, which was paid on Friday, December 30th. Stockholders of record on Thursday, December 15th were paid a dividend of $0.06 per share. This represents a $0.72 annualized dividend and a dividend yield of 12.95%. The ex-dividend date of this dividend was Tuesday, December 13th. Fifth Street Finance Corp.’s payout ratio is currently -160.00%. WARNING: “JPMorgan Chase & Co. Has $3,576,000 Position in Fifth Street Finance Corp. (FSC)” was originally published by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are viewing this piece on another domain, it was stolen and republished in violation of United States and international copyright and trademark laws. The original version of this piece can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/01/17/jpmorgan-chase-co-has-3576000-position-in-fifth-street-finance-corp-fsc.html. Several equities research analysts have recently issued reports on the company. Barclays PLC set a $6.00 target price on Fifth Street Finance Corp. and gave the stock a “hold” rating in a report on Thursday, December 1st. National Securities reaffirmed a “neutral” rating and issued a $6.00 target price on shares of Fifth Street Finance Corp. in a report on Thursday, December 1st. Finally, Zacks Investment Research cut Fifth Street Finance Corp. from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating in a report on Friday, December 2nd. Nine investment analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and three have given a buy rating to the company’s stock. The company has a consensus rating of “Hold” and a consensus price target of $6.45. In related news, major shareholder Leonard M. Tannenbaum sold 150,000 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction dated Friday, December 9th. The shares were sold at an average price of $5.56, for a total value of $834,000.00. Following the transaction, the insider now directly owns 12,165,840 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $67,642,070.40. The sale was disclosed in a filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is available at this link. Also, major shareholder Leonard M. Tannenbaum sold 10,605 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction dated Wednesday, December 21st. The shares were sold at an average price of $5.55, for a total transaction of $58,857.75. Following the completion of the transaction, the insider now directly owns 12,079,031 shares in the company, valued at $67,038,622.05. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Insiders own 0.08% of the company’s stock. Fifth Street Finance Corp. Company Profile Fifth Street Finance Corp. is a specialty finance company. The Company is a closed-end, non-diversified management investment company. The Company acts as a business development company (BDC). The Company’s investment objective is to maximize its portfolio’s total return by generating current income from its debt investments, and capital appreciation from its equity investments. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding FSC? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Fifth Street Finance Corp. (NASDAQ:FSC). Receive News & Ratings for Fifth Street Finance Corp. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Fifth Street Finance Corp. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Trump’s Labor Secretary Choice Outsourced Jobs President Trump Agenda: Border Wall and Sanctuary Cities White House Says President Trump Will Not Release His Tax Returns Protesters Plan Big Disruptions for Trump Inauguration Summer Zervos Filing Defamation Suit Against Donald Trump © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
WSJ WSJ LIVE WSJ Live on Facebook WSJ Live on Twitter MARKETWATCH MarketWatch on Facebook MarketWatch on Twitter BARRON'S <h4>Barrons on Facebook</h4><div style="border: none; padding: 2px 3px;" class="fb-like" data-href="http://www.facebook.com/barronsonline" data-send="false" data-layout="button_count" data-width="250" data-show-faces="false" data-action="recommend"></div> <h4>Barrons on Twitter</h4><a href="https://twitter.com/barronsonline" class="twitter-follow-button" data-show-count="true">Follow @barronsonline</a> DJX Product X on Facebook Product X on Twitter RT F R&C PE&VC WSJ B MORE Mansion Global WSJ Secure BigCharts Financial News Professor Journal Realtor.com Student Journal Virtual Stock Exchange WSJ Classifieds WSJ Classrooms WSJ Wine Search Asia Edition U.S. Edition   Subscribe Log In Home Magazine This Week's Edition Past Editions New: Cartoons Daily All Coverage Barron's Take Weekday Trader Up & Down Wall St. Daily Getting Technical Striking Price Daily Wall Street's Best Minds Read This, Spike That Stocks to Watch Today Asia Stocks to Watch Income Investing Tech Trader Daily Focus on Funds Emerging Markets Q&A Video Center Investing Ideas Overview Barron's Picks & Pans Mutual Funds / ETFs Hedge Funds Stocks Center Commodities Center Bonds Center Options Center Barron's Take Weekday Trader Stock Alert Inside Scoop Ahead of the Crowd Focus on Funds Stocks to Watch Today Barron's Roundtable Advisor Center Overview Top 100 Advisors Top 100 Women Advisors Top 100 Independent Advisors Top 1,200 Advisors Advisor Profiles Market Data Market Data Center Market Lab Economic Calendar Watchlist Stock Grader Stock & Fund Tables Barron's 400 PENTA Penta Magazine Penta Daily Penta Archives Barron's NEXT Investors' Soapbox AM JPMorgan, Bank of America Boost Visa, Mastercard Credit- and debit-card payment volume growth accelerated for both JPMorgan and Bank of America in Q4. Jan. 17, 2017 11:16 a.m. ET Wells Fargo Securities Credit- and debit-card payment volume growth accelerated for both JPMorgan Chase and Bank of America during the fourth quarter, giving us confidence in our Visa/Mastercard U.S. volume estimates for the upcoming quarter. JPMorgan (ticker: JPM) reported a 13.5% year-over-year increase in credit-card-sales volume (its term for payment volume) during the fourth quarter, a nice increase from 10% growth... Get The Full Story Subscribe   or   Log In Want to participate in the discussion? Already a subscriber? Log in for complete access. Powered by Livefyre Most Popular 1. Red Flags for Stocks, Oil Subscriber Content Read Preview 2. Is Microsoft Leaping Ahead of Amazon? Subscriber Content Read Preview 3. Jeremy Grantham: Why Donald Trump Won Subscriber Content Read Preview 4. PayPal Has Big Plans for Venmo Subscriber Content Read Preview 5. The Good and Bad of the Coming Trump Economy Subscriber Content Read Preview See Full List Latest Market Videos 1 Barron's Buzz: Warren Buffett's $2.95 Breakfast 2 Amazon is Disrupting a New Industry 3 ​Dow 20,000: Why You Shouldn't Get Excited Barron's Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn YouTube RSS Feed AppStore Google Play Return to Top« Customer Service Customer Center Contact Us Live Help Refer Your Friends to Barron's and Get Rewarded. Learn More Create an Account Subscribe to Barron's Magazine Subscribers: Activate Your Digital Access About Barrons.com Advertising Masthead Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Data Policy Copyright Policy Subscriber Agreement & Terms of Use Your Ad Choices Community Guidelines Also From Barron's Conferences Reprints Classifieds College Program Find a Broker Barron's in Japanese Tools & Services Mobile Site Email Newsletters Barron's on iPad/iPhone Barron's on Android Watchlist Video Annual Reports StockGrader Barron's 400 Economic Calendar Stock & Mutual Fund Listings Commodities, Options & Annuities Listings Fund Prospectuses ACAP Enabled Copyright ©2017 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
WSJ WSJ LIVE WSJ Live on Facebook WSJ Live on Twitter MARKETWATCH MarketWatch on Facebook MarketWatch on Twitter BARRON'S <h4>Barrons on Facebook</h4><div style="border: none; padding: 2px 3px;" class="fb-like" data-href="http://www.facebook.com/barronsonline" data-send="false" data-layout="button_count" data-width="250" data-show-faces="false" data-action="recommend"></div> <h4>Barrons on Twitter</h4><a href="https://twitter.com/barronsonline" class="twitter-follow-button" data-show-count="true">Follow @barronsonline</a> DJX Product X on Facebook Product X on Twitter RT F R&C PE&VC WSJ B MORE Mansion Global WSJ Secure BigCharts Financial News Professor Journal Realtor.com Student Journal Virtual Stock Exchange WSJ Classifieds WSJ Classrooms WSJ Wine Search Asia Edition U.S. Edition   Subscribe Log In Home Magazine This Week's Edition Past Editions New: Cartoons Daily All Coverage Barron's Take Weekday Trader Up & Down Wall St. Daily Getting Technical Striking Price Daily Wall Street's Best Minds Read This, Spike That Stocks to Watch Today Asia Stocks to Watch Income Investing Tech Trader Daily Focus on Funds Emerging Markets Q&A Video Center Investing Ideas Overview Barron's Picks & Pans Mutual Funds / ETFs Hedge Funds Stocks Center Commodities Center Bonds Center Options Center Barron's Take Weekday Trader Stock Alert Inside Scoop Ahead of the Crowd Focus on Funds Stocks to Watch Today Barron's Roundtable Advisor Center Overview Top 100 Advisors Top 100 Women Advisors Top 100 Independent Advisors Top 1,200 Advisors Advisor Profiles Market Data Market Data Center Market Lab Economic Calendar Watchlist Stock Grader Stock & Fund Tables Barron's 400 PENTA Penta Magazine Penta Daily Penta Archives Barron's NEXT Investors' Soapbox AM JPMorgan, Bank of America Boost Visa, Mastercard Credit- and debit-card payment volume growth accelerated for both JPMorgan and Bank of America in Q4. Jan. 17, 2017 11:16 a.m. ET Wells Fargo Securities Credit- and debit-card payment volume growth accelerated for both JPMorgan Chase and Bank of America during the fourth quarter, giving us confidence in our Visa/Mastercard U.S. volume estimates for the upcoming quarter. JPMorgan (ticker: JPM) reported a 13.5% year-over-year increase in credit-card-sales volume (its term for payment volume) during the fourth quarter, a nice increase from 10% growth... Get The Full Story Subscribe   or   Log In Want to participate in the discussion? Already a subscriber? Log in for complete access. Powered by Livefyre Most Popular 1. Red Flags for Stocks, Oil Subscriber Content Read Preview 2. Is Microsoft Leaping Ahead of Amazon? Subscriber Content Read Preview 3. Jeremy Grantham: Why Donald Trump Won Subscriber Content Read Preview 4. PayPal Has Big Plans for Venmo Subscriber Content Read Preview 5. The Good and Bad of the Coming Trump Economy Subscriber Content Read Preview See Full List Latest Market Videos 1 Barron's Buzz: Warren Buffett's $2.95 Breakfast 2 Amazon is Disrupting a New Industry 3 ​Dow 20,000: Why You Shouldn't Get Excited Barron's Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn YouTube RSS Feed AppStore Google Play Return to Top« Customer Service Customer Center Contact Us Live Help Refer Your Friends to Barron's and Get Rewarded. Learn More Create an Account Subscribe to Barron's Magazine Subscribers: Activate Your Digital Access About Barrons.com Advertising Masthead Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Data Policy Copyright Policy Subscriber Agreement & Terms of Use Your Ad Choices Community Guidelines Also From Barron's Conferences Reprints Classifieds College Program Find a Broker Barron's in Japanese Tools & Services Mobile Site Email Newsletters Barron's on iPad/iPhone Barron's on Android Watchlist Video Annual Reports StockGrader Barron's 400 Economic Calendar Stock & Mutual Fund Listings Commodities, Options & Annuities Listings Fund Prospectuses ACAP Enabled Copyright ©2017 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
Skip to navigation Skip to content Skip to footer View text version of this page Help using this website - Accessibility statement Menu Canberra Times Federal Politics Login Sign-up Become a Canberra Times member today Join today and you can easily save your favourite articles, join in the conversation and comment, plus select which news your want direct to your inbox. Create your account now! Become a Canberra Times member today Join today and you can easily save your favourite articles, join in the conversation and comment, plus select which news your want direct to your inbox. Create your account now! Home News Sport Business Public Service World Politics Comment Property Entertainment Lifestyle Cars Travel Tech Video All News ACT News ACT Election 2016 National Environment Health Education Good Weekend NSW News Victoria News Queensland WA News Sport ACT Sport NRL Union AFL Cricket Racing Soccer Golf Basketball Cycling Motorsport Tennis Scores Athletics Swimming Boxing Sailing Netball Fitz Files Business News & Views Markets Quotes Workplace Consumer Property Innovation Retail Economy CBD Money Small Business News Opinion Video Cartoons The Pulse Federal Election 2016 Your Vote Electorate Map Letters Editorials Obituaries View from the Street John Birmingham Satire Movies Music TV & Radio Art Books Stage Video News & Views Life & Relationships Health & Wellbeing Beauty Fashion Celebrity Home The Optimist The Store News Security Web Culture Innovation Science Games Gadgets on the Go Smartphone Apps Mobiles eSports News Sport Business Entertainment Lifestyle Travel Property Cars Food Exec Style Parenting Search Site News Opinion Video Cartoons The Pulse Federal Election 2016 Your Vote Electorate Map Home Politics News January 17 2017 Save Print License article Ipsos survey: Australians want a strong leader to take country back from rich, powerful Inga Ting Contact via Email Follow on Twitter facebook SHARE twitter TWEET email google-plus linkedin reddit More A disillusioned public that believes the system is rigged against ordinary people wants a strong leader to break the rules, wrest power back from the elites and close the doors to the rest of the world. No, this isn't Trump's America. This is Australia, according to new research examining the global rise of populism. Play Video Replay Video Play Video Don't Play Up Next 'Same problems as London': Morrison doubles down on negative gearing Play Video Don't Play Video duration 03:04 More BusinessDay Videos Previous slide Next slide Video duration 01:01 Davos kicks off as Trump era dawns Davos kicks off as Trump era dawns Anxiety about the uncertainty surrounding the US presidency of Donald Trump is set to dominate discussions at the World Economic Forum in Davos. Up Next 'Same problems as London': Morrison doubles down on negative gearing Play Video Don't Play Video duration 03:04 Video duration 03:04 'Same problems as London': Morrison ... 'Same problems as London': Morrison doubles down on negative gearing High property prices in the UK show that Australia's housing affordability crisis is not related to negative gearing, Treasurer Scott Morrison told business leaders in Marylebone, in the UK. Up Next The ups and down of trading with Trump Play Video Don't Play Video duration 01:46 Video duration 01:46 The ups and down of trading with Trump The ups and down of trading with Trump A trade accord that will boost global exports by $1 trillion should come into force within two weeks, the head of WTO says, just as the rhetoric of U.S. President Donald Trump clouds the outlook for global trade. Up Next Former Billabong CEO jailed Play Video Don't Play Video duration 02:10 Video duration 02:10 Former Billabong CEO jailed Former Billabong CEO jailed Ex-Billabong CEO Matthew Perrin is been sentenced to eight years in jail for fraud. Up Next Negative gearing explained Play Video Don't Play Video duration 00:19 Video duration 00:19 Negative gearing explained Negative gearing explained You've heard the term bandied around, but what actually is negative gearing? Up Next Australia's Day off Play Video Don't Play Video duration 01:41 Video duration 01:41 Australia's Day off Australia's Day off With the national holiday on a Thursday this year, how many people are taking a sickie today for a long weekend? Up Next Trump: It's going to be America first again Play Video Don't Play Video duration 02:24 Video duration 02:24 Trump: It's going to be America first ... Trump: It's going to be America first again US President Donald Trump discusses trade, taxes, financial reform and infrastructure at a Republican congressional retreat in Philadelphia. Up Next Is a AAA credit rating that important? Play Video Don't Play Video duration 02:26 Video duration 02:26 Is a AAA credit rating that important? Is a AAA credit rating that important? Australia's politicians love to bang on about the country's credit rating, but what is it, and what will happen if we lost our triple-A status? More videos Davos kicks off as Trump era dawns Anxiety about the uncertainty surrounding the US presidency of Donald Trump is set to dominate discussions at the World Economic Forum in Davos. The Ipsos survey of 16,069 adults in 22 countries paints a global picture of widespread resentment of the rich and powerful, distrust of traditional politics and pessimism about the future. And Australians are very much in tune with these sentiments, the research reveals - despite attempts by Australian politicians to distance Australian populism from the populist backlash around the world.  Related Content The world's most (and least) free and tolerant countries named More than 70 per cent of Australians believe the nation "needs a strong leader to take the country back from the rich and powerful" and nearly half believe "to fix the country, we need a strong leader willing to break the rules", the survey found. Over two-thirds (68 per cent) believe "the economy is rigged to the advantage of the rich and powerful" and 61 per cent believe "traditional parties and politicians don't care about people like me". Advertisement Notably, Australians were more likely than most around the world to want a strong leader to take the country back, with 71 per cent of Australian respondents supporting this statement, compared with 69 per cent in the US, 67 per cent in Great Britain and 63 per cent globally. SHARE Share on Facebook SHARE Share on Twitter TWEET Pin to Pinterest PIN Link Some 37 per cent of Australians believe we should protect ourselves from the world, the survey found.  Photo: Michel Bunn And it's not just the political elite Australians distrust. Sixty per cent believe that "experts in this country don't understand the lives of people like me", according to the survey.   It's a sign that Trump's America and the wave of resentment he rode to the White House may be closer to home than we think, experts say. "We should be concerned," said Carol Johnson, Professor of Politics and International Studies at the University of Adelaide. "If there's anything we can learn from Trump's victory and from Brexit, it's that these forces can emerge far more quickly than mainstream politicians and commentators expect."   While previous surveys have shown some dissatisfaction with traditional politics, these latest findings come at a time of declining primary votes for both Australia's major parties, she said. "While there has been distrust before, these are very high figures," Professor Johnson said. "I think they are a sign that in economic policy in particular the major parties need to think about whether they have been adequately addressing the concerns of voters."   Globally, 69 per cent believed the economy was rigged to favour the elite, 57 per cent of people believed their country was in decline and 43 per cent believed their lives would be worse than their parents', the Ipsos survey found. Ipsos Social Research Institute director David Elliott said recent political events had galvanised populist forces across the globe. "There is growing discontent and with things like Brexit and Trump, people holding similar views feel more confident to speak out about it," Ipsos Social Research Institute director David Elliott said.   "[In Australia] the increase of support for Pauline Hanson and her party in the previous election certainly supports that." While Australia was on par with, or very close to, the global average for most of the survey's questions, Australians emerged as more likely than most to support closing the door on globalisation. More than 30 per cent of Australians see foreign business and trade as a threat, compared with 26 per cent globally, while 37 per cent believed we should protect ourselves from the world, compared with 31 per cent globally.   Mr Elliott said Australian political discourse had focused heavily on immigration and refugees in recent years, often linking these issues with terrorism. "As we get more fearful of what might be coming to our shores, I think it's a natural reaction for people to want to huddle in and close the doors to the outside world," he said. Professor Johnson said the major parties would find these results "very concerning".   "Especially the Liberal Party, given that Malcolm Turnbull is a very strong supporter of globalisation and free trade," she said. "Both parties will be very worried that this anti-globalisation sentiment will encourage parties like One Nation, who have such a strong anti-globalisation stand." Professor Johnson said these sentiments were "fertile ground for the growth of right-wing populism", which often tried to tie the belief that elites haven't been pursuing the economic interests of ordinary workers to the idea that immigrants are getting more than their fair share.   However, she pointed out that it was not clear how respondents had interpreted the survey's questions and anti-elite, anti-establishment discontent could include people with either left-wing or right-wing political views. One bright spot in the survey found Australians were slightly less pessimistic than most people around the world. While half of Australian respondents believed their country was in decline, this was below the global average of 57 per cent and significantly lower than in countries such as the US (60 per cent), Spain (69 per cent) and South Africa (77 per cent). Similarly, 38 per cent of Australians said they felt their generation would have a worse life than their parents' generation, compared with 43 per cent globally and 47 per cent in the US. Ipsos surveyed more than 1000 Australians in October and November 2016, and weighted the results to reflect the general population. Advertisement Most Popular Escape from Manus Island: Iranian seeks asylum in Fiji Bishop refuses to express confidence in refugee swap Man charged with police assault in 'invasion day' march is Greens organiser Arthur Sinodinos on why he deserves a second chance Greens in public brawl amid doubts over Di Natale leadership Property News Reservoir: has this up-and-coming ... Contains: External link Melbourne property: what buyers can get ... Contains: External link Follow Politics Fairfax Breaking news, video and analysis from Fairfax Media's federal team. Share on FacebookFacebook Share on TwitterTwitter Follow Canberra Times Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on EmailNewsletters Advertisement Most Viewed Today Previous slide Next slide Federal Politics Escape from Manus Island: Iranian seeks asylum in Fiji Greens in public brawl amid doubts over Di Natale leadership Bishop refuses to express confidence in refugee swap Man charged with police assault in 'invasion day' march is Greens organiser Arthur Sinodinos on why he deserves a second chance Canberra Times NT Aboriginal leader defends January 26 Australia Day Breastfeeding mother 'humiliated' by National Gallery staff The Hunger Games actress Stef Dawson returns home to Canberra Fewer Canberrans tune in and turn up to Australia Day events 'Grossest movie ever made' sparks mass walkout at Sundance The Sydney Morning Herald Bringing to light the 'mystery' of the clitoris Body found in stairwell at Westfield Bondi Junction Year of the Rooster do's and don'ts Plan to make Mexico pay dissolves as presidents' meeting cancelled Joe Tripodi still pulling strings in the shadows The Age Plan to make Mexico pay dissolves as presidents' meeting cancelled Bringing to light the 'mystery' of the clitoris 'Grossest movie ever made' sparks mass walkout at Sundance Breastfeeding mother 'humiliated' by National Gallery staff Two fighting for life, 11 in hospital a week on from Bourke Street rampage Brisbane Times 31-day-old baby girl was tortured almost her whole life Queensland's weirdest road rules you never knew existed 'Grossest movie ever made' sparks mass walkout at Sundance Australia is investing billions in a madman Mirka Federer's fashion causes a social media stir WA Today Swan River plane crash at Perth Skyshow: Tributes for victims Peter Lynch, Endah Cakrawati Perth Skyshow plane tragedy probe a logistical nightmare Swan River plane crash: investigations begin, skyshow will not be rescheduled Two dead as plane crashes in front of Australia Day crowd Mirka Federer's fashion causes a social media stir Canberra Times Share via Email Share on Facebook Share on Google Plus Share on Twitter RSS Feed Products and Services AM Edition PM Edition Good Food Guide Newsletters Canberra Times Photos Canberra Times Sitemap Subscriptions Contact Us Advertise With Us Sponsorship Text Version Site Accessibility Guide Classifieds Place an Ad Place a free ad CT Classifieds & Notices Cars Dating Jobs Domain Commercial Real Estate Oneflare Nabo Tributes Celebrations Our Sites SMH The Age AFR.com Adzuna Allhomes Domain Drive RSVP Essential Baby Home Price Guide Weatherzone Fairfax Media Member Centre News Store Archive Fairfax Syndication Careers Events Press Council Copyright © 2017Fairfax Media Website Feedback
24/7 Wall St. - Insightful Analysis and Commentary for U.S. and Global Equity Investors Search this site Business Aerospace & Defense Autos Banking & Finance Commodities & Metals Consumer Products Energy Healthcare Industrials Infrastructure Media Retail Services Technology Apps & Software Consumer Electronics Telecom & Wireless Apple Inc. Facebook Google Investing Analyst Upgrades Bankruptcy Buffett Corporate Governance Corporate Performance Dividends and Buybacks Earnings ETFs and Mutual Funds International Markets IPOs and Secondaries Mergers and Acquisitions Personal Finance Rumors Value Investing Economy Energy Government Regulation Healthcare Housing Jobs Special Report Brands and Products Cities Countries States Top Analyst Upgrades and Downgrades: American Express, JPMorgan, Netflix, Nordstrom, Twitter and Many More By Jon C. Ogg January 17, 2017 9:05 am EST Print Email Tweet Stocks were indicated to open lower on Tuesday after a three-day weekend. Despite the Dow Jones Industrial Average not yet cracking the elusive 20,000 mark, there is a path for the 21,422 Dow in late 2017 or the start of 2018. The two themes that have remained are post-election market strength followed by investors wanting to buy pullbacks. The notion that this bull market is about eight years old and that valuations remain high just has not mattered. 24/7 Wall St. reviews dozens of analyst reports each day of the week to find new investing and trading ideas for our readers. Some of these analyst research reports cover stocks to buy, while some others cover stocks to sell or to avoid. We have covered these calls with color where appropriate, and Thomson Reuters has been sourced for consensus analyst price target data. These are the top analyst upgrades, downgrades and initiations seen on Tuesday, January 17, 2017: JPMorgan raised American Express Co. (NYSE: AXP) to Overweight from Neutral with a $90 price target (versus a prior closing price of $76.62). The shares have a 52-week trading range of $50.27 to $78.00, and the consensus analyst price target is $77.80. JPMorgan Chase & Co. (NYSE: JPM) itself was downgraded to Market Perform from Outperform with an $89 price target (versus prior close of $86.70) at Keefe Bruyette & Woods. The shares have a 52-week range of $52.50 to $88.17. The consensus price target is$87.97. Mizuho raised Netflix Inc. (NASDAQ: NFLX) to Buy from Neutral with a $152 price target (versus a prior close of $133.70). The 52-week range is $79.95 to $133.93, and the consensus price target is $125.75. Not only was Nordstrom Inc. (NYSE: JWN) downgraded to Hold from Buy, but the price target was slashed to $40 from $62 (versus a $44.20 prior close) at Stifel Nicolaus. The 52-week range is $35.01 to $62.82, and the consensus price target is $53.15. Twitter Inc. (NYSE: TWTR) was downgraded to Neutral from Buy with an $18 price target (versus a $17.25 close) at UBS. It has a 52-week range of $13.73 to $25.25 and a consensus analyst target of $16.64. Other key analyst upgrades and downgrades were seen in the following: Agios Pharmaceuticals Inc. (NASDAQ: AGIO) was raised to Outperform from Perform with a $75 price target (versus a $41.55 close) at Oppenheimer. Albemarle Corp. (NYSE: ALB) was raised to Outperform from Neutral and the price target was raised to $118 from $81 (versus a $94.01 close) at Robert W. Baird. Blackhawk Network Holdings Inc. (NASDAQ: HAWK) was downgraded to Neutral from Buy at Citigroup. Ceragon Networks Ltd. (NASDAQ: CRNT) was downgraded to Hold from Buy at Needham. Eli Lilly & Co. (NYSE: LLY) was reiterated as Buy with a $95 price target (versus a $77.40 close) at Argus, with the firm talking up Lilly’s strong new product pipeline. Liberty Media Corp. (NASDAQ: LMCA) was downgraded to Market Perform from Outperform but the price target was raised to $29 from $25 at FBR Capital Markets. Lions Gate Entertainment Corp. (NYSE: LGF) was raised to Outperform from Market Perform with a $31 price target (versus a $26.09 close) at Sanford Bernstein. PNC Financial Services Group Inc. (NYSE: PNC) was raised to Outperform from Neutral at Macquarie. You can follow @Jonogg on Twitter if you want the daily analyst calls and other research notes directly on your own feed. I'm interested in the Newsletter Get Newsletter terms and conditions   By Jon C. Ogg « Morgan Stanley Posts Solid Win in Q4 GM Set to Announce $1 Billion US Investment, Creation of 1,000 Jobs » Read more: Investing, Active Trader, Analyst Downgrades, Analyst Upgrades, Research, American Express (NYSE:AXP), Blackhawk Network Holdings (NASDAQ:HAWK), JPMorgan Chase & Co. (NYSE:JPM), Nordstrom, Inc. (NYSE:JWN), Lions Gate Entertainment Corp.... (NYSE:LGF), Eli Lilly & Co. (NYSE:LLY), Liberty Media Corp. (NASDAQ:LMCA), Netflix (NASDAQ:NFLX), PNC Financial Services (NYSE:PNC), Twitter, Inc. (NYSE:TWTR) Free Daily Newsletter Subscribe Terms & Conditions Sponsors Popular America's Best States to Live In States Where Poverty Is Worse Than You Think American Cities Adding the Most Jobs This Year The Worst CEOs of 2016 States With the Best (and Worst) Schools Recent Rite Aid, J.C. Penney Crash into Friday’s 52-Week Low Club Chevron, Wal-Mart Sink DJIA on Friday Why Analysts Are Still Chasing Caterpillar Is Southwest Airlines Really Boeing’s Launch Customer for the 737 MAX? Get Quote for: Symbol Lookup Search Why Shares of Norwegian Cruise Line Holdings Ltd. Sank in 2016 Gentex Reflects on a Light Quarter Johnson & Johnson May Never Recoup Its Costs to Buy Actelion Nasdaq Composite advances 0.1% S&P 500 retreats 0.1% Dow slides 0.1% The Zacks Friday Finish Line Highlights: Can Facebook Continue Its Insane Growth? Why MasterCard (MA) May Beat on Earnings in Q4? AstraZeneca's Symbicort Granted Pediatric Exclusivity by FDA U.S. economy slows on wider trade gap; business spending rises Wall Street slips after soft GDP data, earnings Buffett, Gates have hope for America after Trump ascension Gentex Reflects on a Light Quarter Johnson & Johnson May Never Recoup Its Costs to Buy Actelion 3 Quotes from the CEO of Shopify Inc that Every Investor Needs to Read Mark Zuckerberg Listens To Native Hawaiian Concerns, Drops Lawsuits The China-Taiwan Dispute Is Fast Becoming A Divisive Issue In South Africa 50 Groups To Learn About If You’re Committed To Intersectional Feminism Home About Us Disclaimer and Terms of Use Privacy Policy Contact Us Advertise AOL-HuffPost Money & Finance ©2017 24/7 Wall St. | Powered by WordPress.com VIP
Benzinga Benzinga Pro Marketfy Financial Data & APIs Fintech Awards Premarket Prep Membership is Free What are you waiting for? Sign up now! Username: Username available! Username taken! Email: Email available! Email taken! Password: Leave blank: OR Free Account Login Click here to access your premium account Username or email: Password: OR Forgot password?' Looking for ? CLICK HERE Contribute Login Sign up Benzinga - Feed Your Mind. Home Best of Benzinga Careers About Contact Us Partners Benzinga Fintech Awards News Earnings Guidance Dividends M&A Buybacks Legal Interviews Management Retail Sales Offerings IPOs Insider Trades Biotech/FDA Markets Pre-Market After Hours Movers Forex Commodities Options Binary Options Bonds Futures Global Economics Previews Reviews Small-Cap Ratings Analyst Color Downgrades Upgrades Initiations Price Target Ideas Long Ideas Short Ideas Technicals From The Press Jim Cramer Rumors ETFs Tech Start-Ups Fintech Personal Finance Premium Products My Watchlist Analyst Color Downgrades Upgrades Initiations Price Target Market Overview Tickers Articles Keywords Search by keyword...googlecse 3 Catalysts Drive JPMorgan's Downgrade Of Chipotle Manikandan Raman , Benzinga Staff Writer   {{following ? "Following" : "Follow"}} January 17, 2017 9:59am   Comments Share: Related CMG Q4 Restaurant Review: Wedbush Favors Jack In The Box, Starbucks Benzinga's Top Upgrades, Downgrades For January 17, 2017 McDonald's Stock Is Ignoring The Financials (Seeking Alpha) JPMorgan has downgraded Chipotle Mexican Grill, Inc. (NYSE: CMG) to Neutral from Overweight, as the stock has sustained at levels above its $375 price target. Furthermore, the brokerage is bearish on the casual dining sector. “While we do think it's interesting to see the company be more operationally focused and technologically current, we believe we are capturing much of this improvement in both our current and out year estimates,” analyst John Ivankoe wrote in a note. Skepticism Remains The analyst is skeptical whether the improved operations have been or will be met with additional demand in an increasingly competitive restaurant landscape. However, Ivankoe still believes mid-$300s represents an attractive entry point for Chipotle shares, which closed Friday’s trading at $410.75. The analyst said Chipotle would need a F20 AUV and restaurant margin of $2.2 million and 23.4 –24.1 percent to achieve 10 percent–15 percent plus upside from current levels. Ivankoe also noted Chipotle is likely to benefit from corporate tax reform, but such reforms may be significantly delayed. The Fast-Casual Restaurant Sector On the sector front, the analyst said the supply is continuing to outpace demand coupled with headwinds from labor and commodities. Wall Street is mixed on the prospects of Chipotle, with some saying the company is primed for turnaround, while others say there is limited visibility in to sales and margins. In this scenario, Ivankoe prefers Starbucks Corporation (NASDAQ: SBUX) closer to $55, McDonald's Corporation (NYSE: MCD) near $120 and Yum! Brands, Inc. (NYSE: YUM) in the low-$60s as lower risk ideas. Latest Ratings for CMG Date Firm Action From To Jan 2017 JP Morgan Downgrades Overweight Neutral Jan 2017 Wedbush Upgrades Underperform Neutral Nov 2016 Guggenheim Downgrades Neutral Sell View More Analyst Ratings for CMG View the Latest Analyst Ratings Posted-In: John Ivankoe JPMorganAnalyst Color Downgrades Price Target Restaurants Analyst Ratings General Best of Benzinga © 2017 Benzinga.com. Benzinga does not provide investment advice. All rights reserved.   Related Articles (CMG + MCD) Q4 Restaurant Review: Wedbush Favors Jack In The Box, Starbucks Dow 10K's Hottest Stocks: Where Are They Now? Q4 Earnings Thus Far A Reality Check For The Trump Rally? What's On The Menu For McDonald's March Investor Meeting? McDonald's Refranchising, Expense Reduction Efforts Will Continue To Create Value For Investors Mid-Afternoon Market Update: Crude Oil Down Over 1%; Brookfield Canada Office Properties Shares Spike Higher View Comments and Join the Discussion! View the discussion thread. Sign up for email alerts on CMG Trending Recent 1 XLNX, SCYX: 25 Stocks Moving In Thursday's Pre-Market Session 2 OCN, WYNN: 25 Stocks Moving In Friday's Pre-Market Session 3 FNMA, SPY: Pershing Square: A Reformed Fannie And Freddie Will... 4 CCJ, XOM: The Potential 'Rip Your Face Off'... 5 RAD, WBA: To The Rescue: Cerberus Capital Ridi... 6 GOOGL, JBLU: 15 Stocks To Watch For Ja... 7 DLGNF, WATT: Exclusive: Ene... 1 SBUX, OCN: Benzinga's Option Alert Recap From January 27 2 NTRPD: Neurotrope: A Company You Never Heard Of Might Have The Biggest Dr... 3 UAA, HRS: A CEO Who's Who Of Trump's Manufacturing Council 4 Kevin O'Leary Highlights The U.S.-Canada Trade Relati... 5 USDA Cattle on Feed report 6 SBUX: A Decade Of Schultz: How Starbucks Has Fared Since He... 7 ATHX, GOOGL: Mid-Afternoon Market Update: Celestica Rise... View upcoming Earnings, Ratings, Dividend and Economic Calendars. Benzinga Benzinga is a fast-growing, dynamic and innovative financial media outlet that empowers investors with high-quality, unique content. Popular Channels Analyst Ratings Be Your Own Boss ETFs Economics Forex Hot News Options Press Releases Start-ups Tech Tools & Features Affiliate Program PreMarket Prep Feeds News Widget Real Time Feed Sitemap Submit News Tips About Benzinga About Us Licensing and APIs Apps (iOS and Android) Fintech Awards Blog In the News Careers Contact Us Disclaimer Privacy Policy Syndication Terms and Conditions Benzinga Partners 1 (877) 440-9464 (ZING) © Copyright Benzinga Benzinga - Feed Your Mind News Markets Ratings Ideas Tech Small-Cap Personal Finance Premium Products 4 Factors Cantor Is Watching Heading Into Netflix Earnings Mid-Morning Market Update: Markets Open Lower; Morgan Stanley Tops Q4 Estimates
Skip to navigation Skip to content Skip to footer View text version of this page Help using this website - Accessibility statement Menu The Age Business Subscribe Login Sign-up Become a The Age member today Join today and you can easily save your favourite articles, join in the conversation and comment, plus select which news your want direct to your inbox. Create your account now! Become a The Age member today Join today and you can easily save your favourite articles, join in the conversation and comment, plus select which news your want direct to your inbox. Create your account now! Home News Sport Business Politics World Comment Property Entertainment Lifestyle Travel Cars Tech Video All News Victoria News National Environment Health Education Investigations Galleries Clique Photos Good Weekend NSW News ACT News Queensland WA News Sport AFL Ultimate Footy Cricket Soccer Racing Netball NRL Union Motorsport Basketball Tennis Scores Cycling Golf US Sports Athletics Boxing Swimming Business News & Views Markets Quotes Workplace Consumer Property Innovation Retail Economy CBD Money Small Business World Race to the White House Migrant Crisis Politics Political News Political Opinion Video Cartoons The Pulse Federal Election 2016 Your Vote Electorate Map Comment Letters Editorial Obituaries View from the Street John Birmingham Satire The Zone Entertainment Movies TV & Radio Music Books Art Stage Melbourne Film Festival What's On in Melbourne Video Box Office Lifestyle News & Views Life & Relationships Health & Wellbeing Beauty Fashion Horoscopes Celebrity Home The Optimist Tech News Security Web Culture Innovation Sci-Tech Gadgets Games Smartphone Apps Mobiles IT Pro Video News Sport Business Entertainment Lifestyle Travel Property Cars Food Exec Style Parenting Search Site News & Views Markets Quotes Workplace Consumer Property Innovation Retail Economy CBD Money Small Biz Home Business Workplace January 18 2017 Save Print License article More than half of young Australians do unpaid work Anna Patty Contact via Email Follow on Facebook Follow on Twitter facebook SHARE twitter TWEET email google-plus linkedin reddit More More than half of Australia's young adults have done unpaid work as part of an internship or a job trial, raising questions about the need for greater regulation of unpaid work to prevent exploitation, a landmark national study has found. The study of 3800 people aged 18 to 29 from across the country is the first to investigate the prevalence of unpaid work in Australia and suggests it is becoming a pervasive norm in an increasingly competitive labour market. Play Video Replay Video Play Video Don't Play Up Next 'Same problems as London': Morrison doubles down on negative gearing Play Video Don't Play Video duration 03:04 More BusinessDay Videos Previous slide Next slide Video duration 00:50 An eight hour shift without pay An eight hour shift without pay Frances Johns worked an eight hour trial shift finishing at 1am not knowing she wouldn't be paid. Up Next 'Same problems as London': Morrison doubles down on negative gearing Play Video Don't Play Video duration 03:04 Video duration 03:04 'Same problems as London': Morrison ... 'Same problems as London': Morrison doubles down on negative gearing High property prices in the UK show that Australia's housing affordability crisis is not related to negative gearing, Treasurer Scott Morrison told business leaders in Marylebone, in the UK. Up Next The ups and down of trading with Trump Play Video Don't Play Video duration 01:46 Video duration 01:46 The ups and down of trading with Trump The ups and down of trading with Trump A trade accord that will boost global exports by $1 trillion should come into force within two weeks, the head of WTO says, just as the rhetoric of U.S. President Donald Trump clouds the outlook for global trade. Up Next Former Billabong CEO jailed Play Video Don't Play Video duration 02:10 Video duration 02:10 Former Billabong CEO jailed Former Billabong CEO jailed Ex-Billabong CEO Matthew Perrin is been sentenced to eight years in jail for fraud. Up Next Negative gearing explained Play Video Don't Play Video duration 00:19 Video duration 00:19 Negative gearing explained Negative gearing explained You've heard the term bandied around, but what actually is negative gearing? Up Next Australia's Day off Play Video Don't Play Video duration 01:41 Video duration 01:41 Australia's Day off Australia's Day off With the national holiday on a Thursday this year, how many people are taking a sickie today for a long weekend? Up Next Trump: It's going to be America first again Play Video Don't Play Video duration 02:24 Video duration 02:24 Trump: It's going to be America first ... Trump: It's going to be America first again US President Donald Trump discusses trade, taxes, financial reform and infrastructure at a Republican congressional retreat in Philadelphia. Up Next Is a AAA credit rating that important? Play Video Don't Play Video duration 02:26 Video duration 02:26 Is a AAA credit rating that important? Is a AAA credit rating that important? Australia's politicians love to bang on about the country's credit rating, but what is it, and what will happen if we lost our triple-A status? More videos An eight hour shift without pay Frances Johns worked an eight hour trial shift finishing at 1am not knowing she wouldn't be paid. Unpaid work experience now extends beyond traditional student placements in medicine, nursing and teaching to all areas across the workforce, including law, finance, creative arts, retail and hospitality. The study findings have been released as the federal government prepares to introduce 120,000 internship placements over four years from this year as part of its Youth Jobs PaTH youth employment program. The University of Sydney is also planning to make work experience compulsory for all undergraduate students from next year. SHARE Share on Facebook SHARE Share on Twitter TWEET Pin to Pinterest PIN Link Frances Johns worked an 8½ hour shift in the hope of getting a permanent job. Photo: Janie Barrett Worth doing? While one in four people doing unpaid work experience were offered a job and many were highly satisfied with the experience they gained, the study said it was unclear if unpaid work improved a person's chances of getting a job. Commissioned by the Federal Department of Employment, the study found 58 per cent of people aged 18 to 29 had done unpaid work experience in the past five years. It estimated a third of Australians aged 18-64 had done some unpaid work. Advertisement The researchers from the University of Technology Sydney, Queensland University of Technology and University of Adelaide raised concerns about the need to improve access to work experience for young people from poorer backgrounds or in regional areas.   "There's a great degree of willingness from young people to participate in internships," lead study author Damian Oliver from the UTS business school said. "The challenge is ensuring that those who struggle to afford an unpaid placement aren't excluded from employment opportunities." Costs mount The study showed that many young people had to pay for their own insurance, travel, equipment and other costs to secure an internship. It found those from poor backgrounds were less likely to participate in an unpaid internship. Professions, including law, finance and journalism, had been generally dominated by people from privileged backgrounds because social networks promoted job opportunities and because wealthy families could afford to support their children while they did work experience, the researchers said. If I'd known it was a trial shift I wouldn't have stayed as long as I did. Frances Johns Young adults living in a capital city were more likely to have done internships or other work experience placements than those in regional areas. Men were more likely to participate than women.   Paula McDonald from the Queensland University of Technology said, if unpaid work continued to expand as an essential prerequisite for getting a job, it could contribute to higher levels of social and economic inequality. Study co-author Andrew Stewart from the University of Adelaide law school said, while internships could provide a useful bridge between education and work, the more common they became, "the more important it is to ensure that they are properly managed and regulated". About half of unpaid work experiences were connected to a formal tertiary, high school or vocational education or training. Unsupervised training But 43 per cent were outside the supervision of any formal education or training system. This included the 13 per cent of people surveyed who had done an unpaid work trial or unpaid training or work orientation. Professor Stewart said it was OK for a prospective barista to be asked to demonstrate they could make a cup of coffee, but an unpaid trial that lasted for days could be illegal. Fairfax Media recently reported on Wollongong University students doing several days of unpaid work as part of a job trial at many local restaurants and cafes.   Frances Johns, 21, worked an 8½ hour shift on a Sunday night at the Bella Portofino function centre in February last year in the hope of getting a permanent job. "We were serving food and drinks and cleaning up," she said. "It was flat out the entire time. "At the end we had to pack up the event and put chairs and tables aside and clean up the decorations. "If I'd known it was a trial shift I wouldn't have stayed as long as I did." The national study found 8 per cent of young adults it surveyed were doing unpaid work as part of requirements for youth allowance or welfare payments. More than a third said their unpaid work experience lasted more than a month. A similar number said they had only participated in one episode. One in five said they had taken part in five or more episodes in the past five years. The study did not include volunteering work for organisations such as a church, charity or club. 113 comments Comment are now closed Sort comments by Oldest Newest Advertisement HuffPost Australia This Man Took Out A Bank Loan To Pay ... Contains: External link Here's What Australian Companies Are ... Contains: External link Most Popular Billionaire buddies optimistic for America's future with Trump as president Fresh plans for St Kilda Novotel hotel site Struggling supermarkets rely on beer, babies and smokes Australia should be learning from the likes of Singapore and Shanghai, not Sweden Australia is investing billions in a madman Follow BusinessDay Share on FacebookFacebook Share on TwitterTwitter Follow The Age Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on EmailNewsletters Advertisement Most Viewed Today Previous slide Next slide Business Supermarket soft drink sales slump amid health fears Australia is investing billions in a madman Sick as: What it's like to be genuinely ill the day after Australia Day Struggling supermarkets rely on beer, babies and smokes Fast food giants fighting for CBD real estate The Age Plan to make Mexico pay dissolves as presidents' meeting cancelled Bringing to light the 'mystery' of the clitoris 'Grossest movie ever made' sparks mass walkout at Sundance Breastfeeding mother 'humiliated' by National Gallery staff Two fighting for life, 11 in hospital a week on from Bourke Street rampage The Sydney Morning Herald Bringing to light the 'mystery' of the clitoris Body found in stairwell at Westfield Bondi Junction Year of the Rooster do's and don'ts Plan to make Mexico pay dissolves as presidents' meeting cancelled Joe Tripodi still pulling strings in the shadows Brisbane Times 31-day-old baby girl was tortured almost her whole life Queensland's weirdest road rules you never knew existed 'Grossest movie ever made' sparks mass walkout at Sundance Australia is investing billions in a madman Mirka Federer's fashion causes a social media stir Canberra Times NT Aboriginal leader defends January 26 Australia Day Breastfeeding mother 'humiliated' by National Gallery staff The Hunger Games actress Stef Dawson returns home to Canberra Fewer Canberrans tune in and turn up to Australia Day events 'Grossest movie ever made' sparks mass walkout at Sundance WA Today Swan River plane crash at Perth Skyshow: Tributes for victims Peter Lynch, Endah Cakrawati Perth Skyshow plane tragedy probe a logistical nightmare Swan River plane crash: investigations begin, skyshow will not be rescheduled Two dead as plane crashes in front of Australia Day crowd Mirka Federer's fashion causes a social media stir Get Started Subscribe today for unlimited access from only 50c a day The Age Share via Email Share on Facebook Share on Google Plus Share on Twitter RSS Feed Products and Services AM Edition PM Edition The AGE for iPad Today's Paper Subscribe Manage My Subscription Subscriber Hub Corporate Subscriptions Digital Subscription FAQs Good Food Guide The Store by Fairfax Newsletters The Age Sitemap About Us Contact Us Subscribers Advertise With Us Text Version Site Accessibility Guide Classifieds Place an Ad Cars Dating Jobs Real Estate Commercial Real Estate Oneflare Nabo Tributes Celebrations Our Sites SMH The Age AFR.com Adzuna Domain Drive RSVP Essential Baby Home Price Guide Weatherzone Fairfax Media Member Centre News Store Archive Fairfax Syndication Careers Events Press Council Copyright © 2017Fairfax Media Website Feedback Info Save articles for later. Ok, Got it Info Subscribe for unlimited access to news. Login to save articles. Ok, Got it Info Return to the homepage by clicking on the site logo. Ok, Got it
Skip to navigation Skip to content Skip to footer View text version of this page Help using this website - Accessibility statement Menu The Sydney Morning Herald News site of the year Business Subscribe Login Sign-up Become a SMH member today! Join today and you can easily save your favourite articles, join in the conversation and comment, plus select which news your want direct to your inbox. Create account now! Become a SMH member today! Join today and you can easily save your favourite articles, join in the conversation and comment, plus select which news your want direct to your inbox. Create account now! Home News Sport Business World Politics Comment Property Entertainment Lifestyle Travel Cars Tech Video All News NSW News National Environment Health Education Investigations Good Weekend Galleries Clique Photos Victoria News Queensland ACT News WA News Sport NRL Union AFL Football Cricket Racing Motorsport Basketball Netball Cycling Tennis Scores Golf US Sports Athletics Swimming Boxing Sailing Business News & Views Markets Quotes Workplace Consumer Property Innovation Retail Economy CBD Money Small Business World Race to the White House Migrant Crisis Politics Political News Political Opinion Video Cartoons The Pulse Federal Election 2016 Your Vote Electorate Map Comment Letters Editorials Column 8 Obituaries Peter Hartcher Ross Gittins Jessica Irvine John Birmingham Satire Entertainment Movies TV & Radio Music Books Art Stage What's On in Sydney Video Shop Art Lifestyle News & Views Life & Relationships Health & Wellbeing Beauty Fashion Horoscopes Celebrity Home The Optimist Tech News Security Web Culture Innovation Sci-Tech Gadgets Games Smartphone Apps Mobiles IT Pro Video News Sport Business Entertainment Lifestyle Travel Property Cars Food Exec Style Parenting Search Site News & Views Markets Quotes Workplace Consumer Property Innovation Retail Economy CBD Money Small Biz Home Business Economy January 17 2017 Save Print Skills shortage a bigger worry for CEOs than political upheaval: PwC Patrick Hatch Contact via Email Follow on Google Plus Follow on Twitter facebook SHARE twitter TWEET email google-plus linkedin reddit More The world's chief executives are more worried about finding workers with the right skills than they are about global political volatility and a surge in populism. That's the finding of accounting giant PwC's annual CEO survey, revealed at the Davos World Economic Forum overnight. Play Video Replay Video Play Video Don't Play Up Next 'Same problems as London': Morrison doubles down on negative gearing Play Video Don't Play Video duration 03:04 More BusinessDay Videos Previous slide Next slide Video duration 01:32 Damning inequality report haunts Davos Damning inequality report haunts Davos Oxfam publish a report saying eight individuals, all men, own as much wealth as the poorest half of the world's population. Up Next 'Same problems as London': Morrison doubles down on negative gearing Play Video Don't Play Video duration 03:04 Video duration 03:04 'Same problems as London': Morrison ... 'Same problems as London': Morrison doubles down on negative gearing High property prices in the UK show that Australia's housing affordability crisis is not related to negative gearing, Treasurer Scott Morrison told business leaders in Marylebone, in the UK. Up Next The ups and down of trading with Trump Play Video Don't Play Video duration 01:46 Video duration 01:46 The ups and down of trading with Trump The ups and down of trading with Trump A trade accord that will boost global exports by $1 trillion should come into force within two weeks, the head of WTO says, just as the rhetoric of U.S. President Donald Trump clouds the outlook for global trade. Up Next Former Billabong CEO jailed Play Video Don't Play Video duration 02:10 Video duration 02:10 Former Billabong CEO jailed Former Billabong CEO jailed Ex-Billabong CEO Matthew Perrin is been sentenced to eight years in jail for fraud. Up Next Negative gearing explained Play Video Don't Play Video duration 00:19 Video duration 00:19 Negative gearing explained Negative gearing explained You've heard the term bandied around, but what actually is negative gearing? Up Next Australia's Day off Play Video Don't Play Video duration 01:41 Video duration 01:41 Australia's Day off Australia's Day off With the national holiday on a Thursday this year, how many people are taking a sickie today for a long weekend? Up Next Trump: It's going to be America first again Play Video Don't Play Video duration 02:24 Video duration 02:24 Trump: It's going to be America first ... Trump: It's going to be America first again US President Donald Trump discusses trade, taxes, financial reform and infrastructure at a Republican congressional retreat in Philadelphia. Up Next Dow stays above 20,000 Play Video Don't Play Video duration 01:05 Video duration 01:05 Dow stays above 20,000 Dow stays above 20,000 US stocks were little changed as investors paused following a two-day rally that pushed the Dow Jones Industrial Average above the 20,000 mark. More videos Damning inequality report haunts Davos Oxfam publish a report saying eight individuals, all men, own as much wealth as the poorest half of the world's population. The survey of 1379 CEOs from 79 countries carried out in the last four months of 2016 shows 77 per cent are concerned about skill shortages - more than double the number when the poll was first taken 20 years ago. Skill shortages has been one of the fastest growing concerns since 2015, when it troubled 73 per cent of CEOs. SHARE Share on Facebook SHARE Share on Twitter TWEET Pin to Pinterest PIN Link CEOs are worried about finding staff with science, technology, engineering and mathematics skills.  Photo: Louie Douvis Fears over skills were most acute among CEOs in Africa (80 per cent) and the Asia Pacific (82 per cent).  The number of business leaders who expected to increase their staff headcount over the next 12 months grew from 48 per cent in 2016 to 52 per cent, while 16 per cent expected to cut staff, overwhelmingly due to technology and automation making jobs obsolete.  Advertisement Creativity and innovation, leadership, and emotional intelligence were the most sought after skills, PwC found, while over half of CEOs had issues recruiting workers with digital and STEM (science, technology, engineering and mathematics) skills.  "CEOs are concerned that key skill shortages will impair their company's growth potential, relevance and sustainability," PwC's global chairman Bob Moritz said.   SHARE Share on Facebook SHARE Share on Twitter TWEET Pin to Pinterest PIN Link PwC's CEO survey is in its 20th year.  Photo: Ryan Stuart "And it's soft skills that they value the most. Innovation and relationship skills can't be coded. So to drive the change CEOs need... a balance between technology and irreplaceable skills in their people is key."  Uncertain economic growth (82 per cent) and over-regulation (80 per cent) rounded out the top-three threats to business, followed by geopolitical uncertainty (74 per cent) and speed of technological change (70 per cent).  Despite a volatile year including the shock Brexit vote and the surprise election of Donald Trump to the White House on a populist and anti-trade platform, CEOs were more confident about their businesses than a year ago, with 38 per cent "very confident" about their growth prospects over the next 12 months. Last year 35 per cent felt that way, but the figure still languishes below pre-GFC highs of 52 per cent in 2006.  Twenty-nine per cent of CEOs thought global economic growth would pick up in 2017, up from 27 per cent a year earlier.  "Despite a tumultuous 2016, CEO confidence is moving back up – albeit slowly and still a long way from the levels we saw back in 2007," Mr Moritz said.  "But there are signs of optimism right across the globe, including in the UK and US, where despite predictions of a Trump slump and a Brexit exit, CEOs confidence in their company's growth are up from 2016. And that mood is reflected elsewhere, with more CEOs across the world targeting the US and UK for investment than a year ago."  Also keeping CEOs awake at night is the challenge of gaining and keeping people's trust in a digital-driven world (69 per cent) and the risks of data privacy and ethics issues (91 per cent).  Meanwhile CEOs are becoming more sceptical about globalisation's ability to close the gap between the rich and poor and to mitigate climate change, but were still out of step with an even more sceptical public.   "Public discontent has the potential to erode trust which is needed for long term sustainable performance," Mr Moritz said while calling for CEO's to forge "deeper, two-way relationship with stakeholders, customers, employees, and the public".  "There's a lot at stake if we do not achieve inclusive global growth," he said.  Advertisement HuffPost Australia This Man Took Out A Bank Loan To Pay ... Contains: External link Here's What Australian Companies Are ... Contains: External link Most Popular Billionaire buddies optimistic for America's future with Trump as president Struggling supermarkets rely on beer, babies and smokes Australia should be learning from the likes of Singapore and Shanghai, not Sweden Australia is investing billions in a madman Investors tipped to pump $30b-plus into bricks and mortar in 2017 Follow BusinessDay Share on FacebookFacebook Share on TwitterTwitter Follow SMH Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on EmailNewsletters Advertisement Most Viewed Today Previous slide Next slide Business Australia is investing billions in a madman Supermarket soft drink sales slump amid health fears Struggling supermarkets rely on beer, babies and smokes Ex-Billabong boss to fight 8-year prison sentence Sick as: What it's like to be genuinely ill the day after Australia Day The Sydney Morning Herald Bringing to light the 'mystery' of the clitoris Body found in stairwell at Westfield Bondi Junction Year of the Rooster do's and don'ts Plan to make Mexico pay dissolves as presidents' meeting cancelled Joe Tripodi still pulling strings in the shadows The Age Plan to make Mexico pay dissolves as presidents' meeting cancelled Bringing to light the 'mystery' of the clitoris 'Grossest movie ever made' sparks mass walkout at Sundance Breastfeeding mother 'humiliated' by National Gallery staff Two fighting for life, 11 in hospital a week on from Bourke Street rampage Brisbane Times 31-day-old baby girl was tortured almost her whole life Queensland's weirdest road rules you never knew existed 'Grossest movie ever made' sparks mass walkout at Sundance Australia is investing billions in a madman Mirka Federer's fashion causes a social media stir Canberra Times NT Aboriginal leader defends January 26 Australia Day Breastfeeding mother 'humiliated' by National Gallery staff The Hunger Games actress Stef Dawson returns home to Canberra Fewer Canberrans tune in and turn up to Australia Day events 'Grossest movie ever made' sparks mass walkout at Sundance WA Today Swan River plane crash at Perth Skyshow: Tributes for victims Peter Lynch, Endah Cakrawati Perth Skyshow plane tragedy probe a logistical nightmare Swan River plane crash: investigations begin, skyshow will not be rescheduled Two dead as plane crashes in front of Australia Day crowd Mirka Federer's fashion causes a social media stir Get Started Subscribe today for unlimited access from only 50c a day The Sydney Morning Herald Share via Email Share on Facebook Share on Google Plus Share on Twitter RSS Feed Products and Services AM Edition PM Edition SMH for iPad Today's Paper Subscribe Manage My Subscription Subscriber Hub Corporate Subscriptions Digital Subscription FAQs Good Food Guide The Store by Fairfax Newsletters Sydney Morning Herald Sitemap About Us Contact Us Subscribers Advertise With Us Text Version Site Accessibility Guide Classifieds Place an Ad Cars Dating Jobs Real Estate Commercial Real Estate Oneflare Nabo Tributes Celebrations Our Sites SMH The Age AFR.com Adzuna Domain Drive RSVP Essential Baby Home Price Guide Weatherzone Fairfax Media Member Centre News Store Archive Fairfax Syndication Careers Events Press Council Copyright © 2017Fairfax Media Website Feedback Info Save articles for later. Ok, Got it Info Subscribe for unlimited access to news. Login to save articles. Ok, Got it Info Return to the homepage by clicking on the site logo. Ok, Got it
NYTimes.com no longer supports Internet Explorer 9 or earlier. Please upgrade your browser. LEARN MORE » Sections Search Skip to content Skip to navigation Subscribe Now Log In 0 Settings English 中文 (Chinese) Español Friday, January 27, 2017 Today’s Paper Video Quick Site Sections Navigation Sections Search World U.S. Politics N.Y. Business Business Opinion Opinion Tech Science Health Sports Sports Arts Arts Style Style Food Food Travel Magazine T Magazine Real Estate all Close search Site Search Navigation Search NYTimes.com Clear this text input Go Site Navigation Site Mobile Navigation Top News Trump Bars All Refugees, and Citizens From 7 Muslim Nations By MICHAEL D. SHEAR and HELENE COOPER 9:27 PM ET President Trump signed an order suspending the entry of refugees into the United States for 120 days, and Syrians indefinitely. He also suspended immigration from seven Muslim nations, while ordering priority be given to visas for Christians from Muslim nations. Muslims Say Visa Ban Hurts Friends and Bolsters Rivals By DECLAN WALSH 9:07 PM ET President Trump’s freeze on refugee arrivals and visa requests from seven Muslim countries was seen as a sign that he sees Islam itself as the problem. In Iran, Confusion Over Visa Crackdown 8:26 PM ET Read the Executive Order Here 8:22 PM ET U.N. Envoy Warns Those Who ‘Don’t Have Our Back’ By SOMINI SENGUPTA 5:06 PM ET The new ambassador, Nikki R. Haley, put the United Nations on notice, saying, “You’re going to see a change in the way we do business.” More in Politics Trump’s Hiring Freeze Creates Confusion for Veterans Affairs Mexican Leader Speaks to Trump Over the Phone 7:21 PM ET People gathered at the National Mall for the annual March for Life in Washington on Friday. Credit Chip Somodevilla/Getty Images Abortion Foes March on Washington A week after women protested President Trump, this year’s March for Life was a peaceful act of defiance supporting him. Abortion Opponents See Their Long-Held Goals in Reach Women’s March Raises Stakes for Abortion Foes Trump Backers Like His First Draft of a New America By JACK HEALY Voters who cast ballots for Mr. Trump cheered as they saw a new conservative era in government taking shape, even if they were a little leery of him.  Comments Briefing: G.O.P. Split Ahead of Trump’s Call to Putin Why Trump’s Claim of Vote Fraud Is So Dubious By MICHAEL D. SHEAR The president offered praise for a man whose claims about illegal voting have been debunked time and again. Who Is Registered to Vote in 2 States? Some in Trump’s Inner Circle Trump Sought Crowd Photos From National Park Service By MICHAEL D. SHEAR and MAGGIE HABERMAN Mr. Trump asked the acting chief why the agency had retweeted an unflattering comparison of his inauguration crowd, and asked if he could produce photographic evidence of a larger turnout. Google, in Post-Obama Era, Aggressively Woos Republicans By CECILIA KANG The tech company had many close links to the Obama administration. Now it’s scrambling to forge ties with President Trump and a Republican-dominated Congress. The Economy Grew 1.6% Last Year. Can Trump Get It to 4%? By NELSON D. SCHWARTZ 8:47 PM ET The economic expansion of only 1.6 percent in 2016 could bolster the case for infrastructure spending but complicate the president’s plans. Economic View Trump Can Sway Factories. For Now. By JUSTIN WOLFERS Though the president’s pressure on companies to stay in the U.S. may seem to be working, it is an illusion and might hinder manufacturing.  Comments How a Civilian Prosecution Gave the U.S. a Key Informant By ADAM GOLDMAN and BENJAMIN WEISER A Somali who pleaded guilty to supporting terrorists was not tried before a military commission. Still, he became one of the nation’s most important informants. An Audacious Plan for Rising Seas: Floating Islands By MIKE IVES A costly plan to build floating islands shows how climate change is pushing the search for innovative solutions, but some critics ask who will ultimately benefit. Got a confidential news tip? The New York Times offers several ways to get in touch with and provide materials to our journalists. Learn more. Your Friday Evening Briefing By KAREN ZRAICK and SANDRA STEVENSON 9:48 PM ET Here’s what you need to know at the end of the day. California Today: What Might Happen if Obamacare Is Repealed By MIKE McPHATE Friday: Bracing for an end to Obamacare, more good news on the drought, and welcoming the Year of the Rooster. Journalism that matters. More essential than ever. Subscribe to the Times Smarter Living The Checkup The Banned Books Your Child Should Read By PERRI KLASS, M.D. Books that have been challenged or banned offer parents an opportunity to talk about difficult topics.  Comments Eat Why Clam-Chowder Pizza Is the Best Kind By SAM SIFTON The only thing better than a classic is two.  Comments Love and Lives, in Pictures Found on a Brooklyn Street A discarded photo album reveals a rich history of black lives, from the segregated South to Harlem dance halls. By ANNIE CORREAL  Comments Save this story to read later on any device. Save Nonfiction ‘The Blood of Emmett Till’: Unearthing New Evidence By JASON PARHAM In Timothy B. Tyson’s meticulous retelling, he interviews the woman whose allegations led to Till’s lynching in1955. She admits she lied in court. Australian Open Finals Primer on 2 Famous Matchups By VICTOR MATHER 6:41 PM ET The Australian Open finals begin at 3:30 a.m. Eastern. The women’s match is Saturday; the men’s final is Sunday. Here’s everything you need to know. Venus Williams the Underdog in Grand Sibling Rivalry 6:12 PM ET Federer and Nadal Breathe New Life Into Old Classic 8:35 PM ET In the Fine Print of New York’s Budget, a Flurry of Fees By JESSE McKINLEY There are a number of proposals for new fees and other changes in tax law buried amid the thousands of pages in the new budget documents. 10 Things to Do Now in NYC More News Public Editor Mailbag: Measuring Crowds, Maligning a Region A New Opening, but Obstacles Remain for Keystone Pipeline Gambia’s New President Finally Comes Home California Today The news and stories that matter to Californians (and anyone else interested in the state). Sign up to get it by email. Hugs and Hard Labor on an Indiana Farm With sturdy threads of work and affection, my grandmother was weaving the torn world back together for me. Big Air Is Not All About the Latest Trick Ahead of this week’s X Games and next year’s Olympics, successful quadruple flips in snowboarding have revived discussions about spinning to win versus riding with style. Couture in the Shadow of the Women’s March What does female empowerment look like in a discipline defined by fantasy and tradition? The Opinion Pages An Un-American Refugee Policy By DAVID MILIBAND 6:50 PM ET Freezing the resettlement program undermines U.S. moral leadership and national security.  Comments Trump’s Immigration Ban Is Illegal By DAVID J. BIER 8:01 PM ET Congress long ago outlawed discrimination based on national origin. Brooks: Politics of Cowardice Cohen: The Closing of America Krugman: Making the Rust Belt Rustier Is Donald Trump ‘Mr. Brexit’? By JONATHAN COE 5:52 PM ET What America has in common with Theresa May’s Britain. Who’s Afraid of Nonviolence? By MICHAEL CHABON and AYELET WALDMAN 4:54 PM ET In Israel, “We don’t do Gandhi very well.“ Editorial: Mr. Trump’s ‘Gag Rule’ Will Harm Global Health Rattner: An Extremist Holding the Purse Strings The Religious Right’s Trojan Horse Egan: Park Rangers as Heroes User Subscriptions Changing Times: The Newsroom’s Strategy for the Future Will Mexico End Up Paying for the Border Wall? Times Insider » Changing Times: The Newsroom’s Strategy for the Future The Crossword » Play Today’s Puzzle The Crossword » Play Today’s Puzzle Wordplay » Your Reading List Stories you save are added to your Reading List. Here are some suggestions to get started. Go to your reading list Stories you save are added to your Reading List. Access on any device. Learn More | Send Feedback Weekend Reads The Neediest Cases Seeking a Fresh Start Without Limitations Job loss left a family struggling to pay expenses and turning to public assistance while searching for the right educational environment for a child entering kindergarten. In its 105th year, The New York Times Neediest Cases Fund has provided direct assistance to those struggling in New York and beyond. Donate now » From Our Advertisers Loading... timesvideo explore all videos » Video Player Inside Nytimes.com Go to the previous story Go to the next story Family Why Girls Don’t Think They Are Smart Enough Opinion Does a Protest’s Size Matter? Movies In ‘The Salesman,’ a Marriage in Tehran Book Review How Mormon Women Embraced Polygamy Opinion The Intellectual Life of Violence Design & Interiors Swedish Prints That Are Relevant as Ever Today Theater From the Stage, Warnings About Complacency Opinion One Syrian Family’s Journey to America Style The Teen Vogue Writer Who Took On Trump Style Confronting Race, Religion and Her Heart Opinion Egypt’s Rickety Dictatorship Books Critic’s Notebook: Why ‘1984’ Is a Must-Read Sections World » News Analysis: Fears That Trump’s Visa Ban Betrays Friends and Bolsters Enemies Trump and Mexican President Speak by Phone Amid Dispute Over Wall As Climate Change Accelerates, Floating Cities Look Like Less of a Pipe Dream Business Day » Ex-Volkswagen Chief Investigated by Germany in Emissions Cheating Scandal Economic View: Pressure From Trump May Delay a Factory’s Exit, but It Won’t Stop It Energy Companies Lead US Stock Indexes Mostly Lower Opinion » Opinion: Donald Trump, the Religious Right’s Trojan Horse Editorial: Donald Trump’s Mexico Tantrum David Brooks: The Politics of Cowardice U.S. » A City Built on Refugees Looks at Trump’s Plan With Fear Trump Backers Like His First Draft of a New America Trump’s Hiring Freeze Creates Confusion for Veterans Affairs Technology » Google, in Post-Obama Era, Aggressively Woos Republicans Alphabet’s Profits Stay Predictably Good in a Volatile Industry Common Sense: Elon Musk Has Trump’s Ear, and Wall Street Takes Note Arts » No Escaping Politics at the Progressive Sundance Film Festival Critic's Notebook: New York City Ballet’s Very 21st-Century Steps Philip Glass Celebrates His 80th Birthday With an 11th Symphony Politics » Trump Bars Syrian Refugees Indefinitely to Keep Terrorists Out Trump’s First Week: Misfires, Crossed Wires and a Satisfied Smile In Private, Republican Lawmakers Agonize Over Health Law Repeal Fashion & Style » Encounters: Even the Teen Vogue Writer Who Took On Trump Gets Stage Fright The Complete Guide to New York Fashion Week: Men’s Styles Q. and A.: Cat Marnell, a Former Beauty Editor, on Her New Addiction Memoir Movies » No Escaping Politics at the Progressive Sundance Film Festival Review: Matthew McConaughey Mines Profane Capitalism in ‘Gold’ Review: In ‘The Salesman,’ Scenes From a Marriage in Tehran New York » Family DNA Searches Seen as Crime-Solving Tool, and Intrusion on Rights Love and Black Lives, in Pictures Found on a Brooklyn Street 2 Charged in Ponzi Scheme Built Around ‘Hamilton’ Tickets Sports » Grand Sibling Rivalry Leaves Venus Williams a Distinct Underdog 8 Grand Slam Finals That Pitted Rafael Nadal Against Roger Federer Pegasus World Cup Features California Chrome and a Horseless Pizza King Theater » ‘Hamilton’ Is Coming to the Super Bowl Review: Hungarians Bare Their Dark Side in ‘Our Secrets’ Review: A Revival of ‘The Liar’ Plays Alternative Facts for Laughs Science » Hydrogen Squeezed Into a Metal, Possibly Solid, Harvard Physicists Say A Genetic Fix to Put the Taste Back in Tomatoes New Prospects for Growing Human Replacement Organs in Animals Obituaries » Arthur Rosenfeld, Zealous Champion of Energy Efficiency, Dies at 90 J.S.G. Boggs, Artist, Dies at 62; He Made Money. Literally. Chuck Stewart, Jazz Photographer, Dies at 89; You’ve Seen His Album Covers Television » ‘Making It on My Own,’ With Mary Tyler Moore as a Guide Mary Tyler Moore, Who Incarnated the Modern Woman on TV, Dies at 80 Review: ‘Z,’ Hardly the Last Word on the Fitzgeralds Health » Trump’s Pick for Health Secretary Under Scrutiny for Investments The New Old Age: Nursing Home Residents Gain New Protections Travelers With Nut Allergies Clash With Airlines Travel » Shanghai Dwellings Vanish, and With Them, a Way of Life 36 Hours: 36 Hours in Santiago, Chile Footsteps: The London of London’s Mayor Books » Fiction: Monica Ali on Rachel Cusk’s Risky, Revolutionary New Novel Critic's Notebook: Why ‘1984’ Is a 2017 Must-Read Nonfiction: Emmett Till’s Murder: What Really Happened That Day in the Store? Education » Canada Beckons International Students With a Path to Citizenship A District Divided: Harlem Schools Are Left to Fail as Those Not Far Away Thrive When Campus Rapists Are Repeat Offenders Food » City Kitchen: Sun-Kissed Citrus Salad for the Dead of Winter Hungry City: Filipino Food With Subtlety, and a Splash of 7Up, at F.O.B. U.S. Team Wins Bocuse d’Or Competition for First Time Sunday Review » Frank Bruni: The President Who Buried Humility Editorial: The Republican Health Care Con Ross Douthat: The Tempting of the Media Real Estate » 360 View: Harry Macklowe on New York Real Estate Advocates of Fair Housing Brace for a Tough Four Years Shopping Guide: Shopping for Folding Chairs The Upshot » Economic View: Pressure From Trump May Delay a Factory’s Exit, but It Won’t Stop It Tax Policy: How to Interpret the Trump Administration’s Latest Signals on Mexico The 2016 Race: Illegal Voting Claims, and Why They Don’t Hold Up Magazine » Feature: ‘The Only Way We Can Fight Back Is to Excel’ Feature: Will France Sound the Death Knell for Social Democracy? Feature: John Edgar Wideman Against the World Automobiles » Your Money: How to Buy a Used Car in an Age of Widespread Recalls Driven: Video Review: The 2017 Honda CR-V Stays True to Its Mainstream Roots Common Sense: Elon Musk Has Trump’s Ear, and Wall Street Takes Note T Magazine » Couture Shows: Maison Margiela and Valentino My Bookshelf, Myself: My 10 Favorite Books: Cass Bird What Does ‘Couture’ Actually Mean? Times Insider » Save the Date: Feb. 7: Will Shortz: Meet the Puzzle Master! Talk to The Times: Will Mexico End Up Paying for the Border Wall? Insider Podcasts: Changing Times: The Newsroom’s Strategy for the Future Real Estate » Advocates of Fair Housing Brace for a Tough Four Years By ZOE GREENBERG Housing rights groups fear their agenda may suffer under a president who was sued for housing discrimination in the 1970s. Search for Homes for Sale or Rent Sell Your Home Most Emailed Most Viewed Trending Recommended for you Loading... Go to Home Page » Site Index The New York Times Site Index Navigation News World U.S. Politics N.Y. Business Tech Science Health Sports Education Obituaries Today's Paper Corrections Opinion Today's Opinion Op-Ed Columnists Editorials Contributing Writers Op-Ed Contributors Opinionator Letters Sunday Review Taking Note Room for Debate Public Editor Video: Opinion Arts Today's Arts Art & Design Books Dance Movies Music N.Y.C. Events Guide Television Theater Video: Arts Living Automobiles Crossword Food Education Fashion & Style Health Jobs Magazine N.Y.C. Events Guide Real Estate T Magazine Travel Weddings & Celebrations Listings & More Classifieds Tools & Services Times Topics Public Editor N.Y.C. Events Guide Blogs Multimedia Photography Video NYT Store Times Journeys Subscribe Manage My Account Subscribe Subscribe Home Delivery Digital Subscriptions Times Insider Crossword Email Newsletters Alerts Gift Subscriptions Corporate Subscriptions Education Rate Mobile Applications Replica Edition Site Information Navigation © 2017 The New York Times Company Contact Us Work With Us Advertise Your Ad Choices Privacy Terms of Service Terms of Sale Site Information Navigation Site Map Help Site Feedback Subscriptions View Mobile Version
× We hope you have enjoyed your complimentary access for the month. Already a subscriber? Click on the button below to set up your account or log in if you already have one. Want to become a subscriber? Purchase a digital-only subscription now for unlimited online access to local news and information. Digital-only Access Unlimited Access to: lacrossetribune.com mobile web and mobile apps e-replica edition of printed newspaper Digital-only access only $12.00/mo Current Subscriber? Set up your account Log In Current Subscriber? Set up Account You are the owner of this article. Edit Article Add New Article Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout Subscribe Customer Service Sections News Nation/world Wisconsin Minnesota Iowa Business Sports Area high schools Area colleges La Crosse Loggers Auto racing Badgers Outdoors Scoreboard Weather Opinion Letters to the editor Submit a letter Obituaries Calendar of events Entertainment Puzzles & Games Dining People Lifestyles Advice Health Home & garden Food Travel Celebrations Submit a Celebration Anniversaries Births Birthdays Congratulations Engagements Misc Thank You Weddings River Valley Media Group Onalaska Holmen Courier-Life Coulee News Houston County News Vernon County Broadcaster Westby Times Tomah Journal Jackson County Chronicle Winona Daily News Chippewa Herald Dunn County News Buy & Sell Business Directory Car Soup Real estate Jobs Classifieds Place an Ad Weekly Ads e-Edition Activate your subscription Jobs Contact Us Toggle navigation Menu Search Search Log In Using Your Account Log In Don't have an account? Sign Up Today My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout 25° La Crosse, WI (54601) Today Mostly cloudy. Tonight Mostly cloudy. Low 23F. Winds WNW at 10 to 15 mph. Updated: January 27, 2017 @ 8:53 pm Full Forecast News Sports Obituaries Opinion Buy & Sell AP Business Highlights By The Associated Press Jan 18, 2017 0 ___ Commerce pick says NAFTA will be early target for team Trump WASHINGTON (AP) — Breaking with Republican orthodoxy, a new Trump administration will work quickly to re-do the North American Free Trade Agreement, a massive trade pact with Canada and Mexico that has boosted trade but still stings laid-off workers, President-elect Donald Trump's pick for commerce secretary told Congress on Wednesday. Billionaire investor Wilbur Ross told Congress that all free trade agreements should be systematically re-opened every few years to make sure they are working in the best interests of the U.S. ___ US stock indexes stay stuck; bond yields and dollar rise NEW YORK (AP) — The stock market hasn't been this boring in years. The Standard & Poor's 500 remained at a near standstill Wednesday, the ninth day in a row that it has failed to move by even 0.4 percent, up or down. That's its longest streak of listlessness since the summer of 2013. Other indexes were mixed. Stocks have been in a wait-and-see period in recent weeks following their torrid run since Election Day. Donald Trump will take the oath of office on Friday, and investors are waiting to see how much of his campaign-trail rhetoric will become government policy. ___ Yellen: Expect Fed to gradually hike rates over next 3 years WASHINGTON (AP) — Federal Reserve Chair Janet Yellen says she expects the Fed to raise its benchmark interest rate several times a year through 2019, as it moves closer toward to its economic goals of maximum employment and stable inflation. But in a speech in San Francisco Wednesday, she said she can't say when the next interest rate will occur or how high rates will rise. She says that will depend on how the economy performs in the coming months. ___ US consumer prices up moderate 0.3 percent in December WASHINGTON (AP) — U.S. consumer prices, driven up by rising energy costs, rose moderately in December, closing out a year in which consumer inflation rose at the fastest pace in five years. The Labor Department reported Wednesday that its consumer price index increased 0.3 percent last month, up from a 0.2 percent gain in November. Energy prices, which have been rebounding, were up 1.5 percent, led by another jump in gasoline pump prices. Food costs were unchanged for the fifth straight month. ___ Goldman Sachs results beat estimates, helped by trading NEW YORK (AP) — Goldman Sachs reported fourth-quarter earnings Wednesday that beat analysts' forecasts as the bank recovered from a difficult quarter a year earlier. Results were particularly strong at Goldman's trading desks in the last three months of the year. The New York-based investment bank earned $2.35 billion, or $5.08 a share, compared with $765 million, or $1.27 per share, in the same period a year earlier. Last year's results included a $5 billion legal settlement with the Department of Justice related to the bank's dealings during the housing bubble and financial crisis. The most recent results beat analysts' expectations of $4.76 per share. ___ Citigroup's earnings beat analysts' forecasts NEW YORK (AP) — Financial giant Citigroup on Wednesday reported a 7 percent rise in fourth-quarter profits, helped by a strong performance in the bank's trading business, a theme that has repeated itself with all the major Wall Street banks this quarter. The New York-based company said it earned $3.57 billion in the fourth quarter. The results were slightly above analysts' estimates of $1.12 per share. All the major Wall Street banks benefited from a broad market rally that occurred after the U.S. presidential election. ___ Target cuts profit, sales outlook after bumpy holiday season NEW YORK (AP) — Target cut its fourth-quarter profit and sales outlook after sluggish holiday traffic in its stores and weak sales in key areas like electronics and food offset a surging online business. The holiday season was disappointing for Target and several other retailers dominated by online leader Amazon.com. Macy's, Sears and others have announced store closings and layoffs. ___ American Airlines to sell restricted 'basic economy' ticket DALLAS (AP) — American Airlines announced Wednesday that passengers will be able to buy "basic economy" tickets starting next month that will be similar to bare-bones fares already offered by Delta Air Lines and soon to be matched by United Airlines. If you want to get the cheapest fare on American or United, you will have to leave that rolling carry-on bag at home. Passengers who pay basic-economy rates on those carriers will be limited to one item that fits under their seat — no wheeled bags that take up space in the overhead bins. ___ JPMorgan settles mortgage discrimination lawsuit NEW YORK (AP) — JPMorgan Chase will pay $55 million to settle federal charges that independent brokers working for the bank discriminated against minorities seeking home mortgages during the housing crisis. A federal suit filed in Manhattan Wednesday accused JPMorgan Chase & Co. of charging black and Hispanic borrowers higher interest rates and fees for mortgages from 2006 to at least 2009, causing them to pay an average of an extra thousand dollars. The lawsuit alleges that discrimination cost at least 53,000 minority borrowers tens of millions in higher interest payments and fees, in violation of the Fair Housing Act. ___ Consumer agency sues Navient over student loan repayments WASHINGTON (AP) — Federal regulators have sued Navient, accusing the biggest U.S. student loan company of making it harder for borrowers to repay loans by giving them bad information, processing payments incorrectly and failing to act on complaints. The Consumer Financial Protection Bureau filed the federal lawsuit against Navient Corp. and two subsidiaries on Wednesday, seeking restitution for affected borrowers and penalties. The agency said the company also cheated struggling borrowers out of their rights to lower their payments "through shortcuts and deception." Navient disputed the allegations, calling the suit a politically motivated "midnight action" two days before the Trump administration takes office. ___ The Dow Jones industrial average fell 22.05 points, or 0.1 percent, to 19,804.72. The Standard & Poor's 500 index rose 4 points, or 0.2 percent, to 2,271.89. The Nasdaq composite rose 16.93 points, or 0.3 percent, to 5,555.65. Benchmark U.S. crude oil fell $1.40 to settle at $51.08 a barrel. Brent crude, the international standard, fell $1.55 to close at $53.92. Natural gas fell 11 cents to $3.302 per 1,000 cubic feet, heating oil fell 4 cents to $1.61 a gallon and wholesale gasoline fell 5 cents to $1.55 per gallon. Get news headlines sent daily to your inbox Sign Up! LaCrosseTribune.com Daily Headlines Obituaries I understand and agree that registration on or use of this site consitutes agreement to its user agreement and privacy policy. Tags Wire Highlights Business Economy Prices Transportation And Shipping Industrial Products And Services Financial Performance Corporate News Economic Policy Government Business And Finance Government And Politics Government Policy International Trade International Agreements International Relations Stock Markets Financial Markets Legal Proceedings Law And Order General News × Post a comment Emoticons [smile] [beam] [wink] [sad] [cool] [innocent] [rolleyes] [whistling] [lol] [huh] [tongue] [love] [sleeping] [yawn] [unsure] [angry] [blink] [crying] [ohmy] [scared] [sleep] [sneaky] [tongue_smile] [thumbdown] [thumbup] [censored] [happybirthday] [ban] [spam] [offtopic] [batman] [ninja] [pirate] [alien] Comment Text Cancel Post comment × Report Cancel Report Abuse × Watch this discussion. Stop watching this discussion. Get an email notification whenever someone contributes to the discussion Notifications from this discussion will be disabled. Cancel Start watching Stop watching View (0) comments (0) comments Welcome to the discussion. Log In Keep it Clean. Please avoid obscene, vulgar, lewd, racist or sexually-oriented language. PLEASE TURN OFF YOUR CAPS LOCK. Don't Threaten. Threats of harming another person will not be tolerated. Be Truthful. Don't knowingly lie about anyone or anything. Be Nice. No racism, sexism or any sort of -ism that is degrading to another person. Be Proactive. Use the 'Report' link on each comment to let us know of abusive posts. Share with Us. We'd love to hear eyewitness accounts, the history behind an article. Post a comment Watch this discussion. Stop watching this discussion. loading... POPULAR IN THIS SECTION Steve Cahalan: AMV, LLC moves to former PACAL Industries site Seasonal fudges are a hit for Coon Valley Candy Co. No unauthorized immigrants? Manufacturing, hospitality workforces would struggle Dow hits historic 20,000: Does it mean anything? Asian stocks up after Dow breaks through 20,000 milestone Dow Jones Industrial Average Value Over Time | FindTheCompany News and Features Obituaries Business Entertainment Lifestyles News Opinion Sports River Valley Business Report Online Features Buy & Sell Advertise with Us Buy & Sell Car Soup Real estate Jobs Classifieds Celebrations Shop Local Businesses River Valley Media Group La Crosse Tribune Onalaska Holmen Courier-Life Coulee News Houston County News Vernon County Broadcaster Westby Times Tomah Journal Jackson County Chronicle Winona Daily News Chippewa Herald Dunn County News Print and digital advertising © Copyright 2017 La Crosse Tribune, 401 N. Third Street La Crosse, WI | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy Advertise with Us www.RVMG.biz
This website requires Javascript to run correctly. Click here for help enabling it The New Zealand Herald 4:14pm Sat 28 January Network   ° 0 / ° 0   Loading… Help & Support The New Zealand Herald Bay of Plenty Times Hawke's Bay Today The Rotorua Daily Post The Northern Advocate Wanganui Chronicle Manawatu Guardian Kapiti News Hamilton News The Aucklander The Northland Age Stratford Press Herald Rugby Viva Dream Team Bite True Commercial Newspix Driven The Country Chinese NZ Herald nzherald.co.nz submit Navigation Home National National Insights NZ Herald Focus Education Crime Environment Politics Weather Opinion Maori Employment Quizzes Health Local Focus Opinion Opinion Financial Your Views Media Blogs Cartoons Living in NZ Editorial Travel Political Business Business Personal Finance Small Business Work Life Around NZ Our Experts Economy Deloitte 200 Industries Toolbox Property Tech Tech ICT News Internet Science Computers Wired Mobile Space Gadgets Innovation World World South America Videos Europe Climate Middle East Australia Africa Pacific Disasters Asia Strange but True USA Photos Sport Sport Golf Rugby Boxing Cricket Motorsport League Racing Football More Sport Basketball Live Scores Tennis Dream Team Entertainment Entertainment Music Spy Games Celebrity Culture Reviews What's on Video Sideswipe TV Puzzles Movies Horoscope Lifestyle Lifestyle Parenting Health & Wellbeing Design & Garden Food & Drink Viva Fashion & Beauty Canvas Relationships Pets & Animals Travel Travel International New Zealand Cruises NZ Walks Tips Australia Accommodation Pacific Discover America Rural Motoring Motoring Driven Property Property Residential Property Herald Homes True Commercial Classifieds Classifieds Public Notices True Commercial Businesses for Sale Motoring Sub Navigation Business Small Business Around NZ Economy Global Trade Retail Trade Industries Property Property News Businesses for Sale Herald Commercial Property Personal Finance Work Life Our Experts Deloitte 200 Toolbox Business Highlights 11:25 AM Thursday Jan 19, 2017 SHARE: Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Not saved Email Print World ___ Commerce pick says NAFTA will be early target for team Trump WASHINGTON (AP) " Breaking with Republican orthodoxy, a new Trump administration will work quickly to re-do the North American Free Trade Agreement, a massive trade pact with Canada and Mexico that has boosted trade but still stings laid-off workers, President-elect Donald Trump's pick for commerce secretary told Congress on Wednesday. Billionaire investor Wilbur Ross told Congress that all free trade agreements should be systematically re-opened every few years to make sure they are working in the best interests of the U.S. ___ US stock indexes stay stuck; bond yields and dollar rise NEW YORK (AP) " The stock market hasn't been this boring in years. The Standard & Poor's 500 remained at a near standstill Wednesday, the ninth day in a row that it has failed to move by even 0.4 percent, up or down. That's its longest streak of listlessness since the summer of 2013. Other indexes were mixed. Stocks have been in a wait-and-see period in recent weeks following their torrid run since Election Day. Donald Trump will take the oath of office on Friday, and investors are waiting to see how much of his campaign-trail rhetoric will become government policy. ___ Yellen: Expect Fed to gradually hike rates over next 3 years WASHINGTON (AP) " Federal Reserve Chair Janet Yellen says she expects the Fed to raise its benchmark interest rate several times a year through 2019, as it moves closer toward to its economic goals of maximum employment and stable inflation. Continued below. Related Content Your views: Readers' letters Small businesses upbeat about year ahead Rodney Hide: Waitangi Day a shemozzle But in a speech in San Francisco Wednesday, she said she can't say when the next interest rate will occur or how high rates will rise. She says that will depend on how the economy performs in the coming months. ___ US consumer prices up moderate 0.3 percent in December WASHINGTON (AP) " U.S. consumer prices, driven up by rising energy costs, rose moderately in December, closing out a year in which consumer inflation rose at the fastest pace in five years. The Labor Department reported Wednesday that its consumer price index increased 0.3 percent last month, up from a 0.2 percent gain in November. Energy prices, which have been rebounding, were up 1.5 percent, led by another jump in gasoline pump prices. Food costs were unchanged for the fifth straight month. ___ Goldman Sachs results beat estimates, helped by trading NEW YORK (AP) " Goldman Sachs reported fourth-quarter earnings Wednesday that beat analysts' forecasts as the bank recovered from a difficult quarter a year earlier. Results were particularly strong at Goldman's trading desks in the last three months of the year. The New York-based investment bank earned $2.35 billion, or $5.08 a share, compared with $765 million, or $1.27 per share, in the same period a year earlier. Last year's results included a $5 billion legal settlement with the Department of Justice related to the bank's dealings during the housing bubble and financial crisis. The most recent results beat analysts' expectations of $4.76 per share. ___ Citigroup's earnings beat analysts' forecasts NEW YORK (AP) " Financial giant Citigroup on Wednesday reported a 7 percent rise in fourth-quarter profits, helped by a strong performance in the bank's trading business, a theme that has repeated itself with all the major Wall Street banks this quarter. The New York-based company said it earned $3.57 billion in the fourth quarter. The results were slightly above analysts' estimates of $1.12 per share. All the major Wall Street banks benefited from a broad market rally that occurred after the U.S. presidential election. ___ Target cuts profit, sales outlook after bumpy holiday season NEW YORK (AP) " Target cut its fourth-quarter profit and sales outlook after sluggish holiday traffic in its stores and weak sales in key areas like electronics and food offset a surging online business. The holiday season was disappointing for Target and several other retailers dominated by online leader Amazon.com. Macy's, Sears and others have announced store closings and layoffs. ___ American Airlines to sell restricted 'basic economy' ticket DALLAS (AP) " American Airlines announced Wednesday that passengers will be able to buy "basic economy" tickets starting next month that will be similar to bare-bones fares already offered by Delta Air Lines and soon to be matched by United Airlines. If you want to get the cheapest fare on American or United, you will have to leave that rolling carry-on bag at home. Passengers who pay basic-economy rates on those carriers will be limited to one item that fits under their seat " no wheeled bags that take up space in the overhead bins. ___ JPMorgan settles mortgage discrimination lawsuit NEW YORK (AP) " JPMorgan Chase will pay $55 million to settle federal charges that independent brokers working for the bank discriminated against minorities seeking home mortgages during the housing crisis. A federal suit filed in Manhattan Wednesday accused JPMorgan Chase & Co. of charging black and Hispanic borrowers higher interest rates and fees for mortgages from 2006 to at least 2009, causing them to pay an average of an extra thousand dollars. The lawsuit alleges that discrimination cost at least 53,000 minority borrowers tens of millions in higher interest payments and fees, in violation of the Fair Housing Act. ___ Consumer agency sues Navient over student loan repayments WASHINGTON (AP) " Federal regulators have sued Navient, accusing the biggest U.S. student loan company of making it harder for borrowers to repay loans by giving them bad information, processing payments incorrectly and failing to act on complaints. The Consumer Financial Protection Bureau filed the federal lawsuit against Navient Corp. and two subsidiaries on Wednesday, seeking restitution for affected borrowers and penalties. The agency said the company also cheated struggling borrowers out of their rights to lower their payments "through shortcuts and deception." Navient disputed the allegations, calling the suit a politically motivated "midnight action" two days before the Trump administration takes office. ___ The Dow Jones industrial average fell 22.05 points, or 0.1 percent, to 19,804.72. The Standard & Poor's 500 index rose 4 points, or 0.2 percent, to 2,271.89. The Nasdaq composite rose 16.93 points, or 0.3 percent, to 5,555.65. Benchmark U.S. crude oil fell $1.40 to settle at $51.08 a barrel. Brent crude, the international standard, fell $1.55 to close at $53.92. Natural gas fell 11 cents to $3.302 per 1,000 cubic feet, heating oil fell 4 cents to $1.61 a gallon and wholesale gasoline fell 5 cents to $1.55 per gallon. AP This story has been automatically published from the Associated Press wire which uses US spellings Email Print Get the news delivered straight to your inbox Receive the day’s news, sport and entertainment in our daily email newsletter SIGN UP NOW Loading Currency Compare and convert world currencies. Discover more Loading Loading Herald Services Book your ad Driven Photos for sale True Commercial Death Notices Public Notices Our Regional News Stories The Northern Advocate Salt declares premises totally smoke-free Another Northland cafe has gone smokefree, earning an award for its health focus. Salt… Hawke's Bay Today Mike Williams: Every Bay visit gives more reasons to return I visited Hawke's Bay last week to see a sick relative who's part way through a pretty… Bay of Plenty Times Annual Woodhill classic this weekend The focus goes on Woodville this weekend as New Zealand's elite motocross racers contest… Our Features' Top Stories Driven Bob McMurray: Tough at the bottom of F1 food chain Manor Racing Formula 1 team’s future balances on a knife-edge. Viva The Chinese digital influencers you should be following Celebrate Chinese New Year and follow these social media sensations for some stylish… True Commercial Millennium Centre syndication heats up Auckland’s premier business parks — the Millennium Business Centre. More from us Social and Platforms Facebook Twitter Google+ Youtube Instagram RSS Email Mobile Contact the site Contact the newsroom - newspaper Contact the newsroom - digital Send pics, video and tips Help & Support Feedback Advertising Advertise with NZME. Print advertising Online Classified advertising Other Photo sales Subscriber services Promotions Sponsorship About us Our publications Search Legal Privacy Policy Terms of Use Competition Terms & Conditions View on our: Mobile Site © Copyright 2017, NZME. Publishing Limited Assembled by: (static) on production bpcf02 at 28 Jan 2017 16:14:55 Processing Time: 653ms
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy   Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Stellus Capital Investment Corporation - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Stellus Capital Investment Corporation with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News HBK Investments L P Acquires New Position in UnitedHealth Group Incorporated (UNH) Advantus Capital Management Inc Continues to Hold Position in W.W. Grainger, Inc. (GWW) Advantus Capital Management Inc Purchases 100 Shares of Waters Corporation (WAT) Advantus Capital Management Inc Sells 459 Shares of Citizens Financial Group, Inc. (CFG) Vornado Realty Trust (VNO) Stake Maintained by Johnson Investment Counsel Inc. Johnson Investment Counsel Inc. Has $245,000 Stake in Worthington Industries, Inc. (WOR) Advantus Capital Management Inc Purchases 330 Shares of FirstEnergy Corporation (FE) Nike, Inc. (NKE) Shares Bought by Advantus Capital Management Inc OMERS ADMINISTRATION Corp Has $516,000 Stake in Westar Energy, Inc. (WR) OMERS ADMINISTRATION Corp Invests $557,000 in Heartland Express, Inc. (HTLD) Owens & Minor, Inc. (OMI) Position Raised by Two Sigma Advisers LP United Services Automobile Association Buys 7,221 Shares of Ventas, Inc. (VTR) Hsbc Holdings PLC Boosts Stake in Murphy Oil Corporation (MUR) HighTower Advisors LLC Lowers Stake in Valeant Pharmaceuticals International, Inc. (VRX) AZZ Inc. (AZZ) Stake Lowered by HighTower Advisors LLC Hub Group, Inc. (HUBG) Stake Raised by HighTower Advisors LLC Lattice Semiconductor Corporation (LSCC) Position Maintained by United Services Automobile Association United Services Automobile Association Has $8,448,000 Stake in Essendant Inc. (ESND) El Paso Electric Company (EE) to Issue Quarterly Dividend of $0.31 Eagle Bancorp Montana, Inc. (EBMT) Plans Quarterly Dividend of $0.08 Stellus Capital Investment Corporation (SCM) to Issue Monthly Dividend of $0.11 January 18th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Jeff Wilder Filed Under: Dividend Articles - Finance Tweet Stellus Capital Investment Corporation (NYSE:SCM) announced a monthly dividend on Wednesday, January 18th. Stockholders of record on Tuesday, February 28th will be given a dividend of 0.1133 per share by the investment management company on Wednesday, March 15th. This represents a $1.36 annualized dividend and a dividend yield of 10.21%. The ex-dividend date is Friday, February 24th. Stellus Capital Investment Corporation (NYSE:SCM) traded up 1.52% during mid-day trading on Wednesday, hitting $13.32. 109,858 shares of the stock traded hands. Stellus Capital Investment Corporation has a 1-year low of $7.15 and a 1-year high of $13.45. The stock has a 50-day moving average of $12.15 and a 200 day moving average of $11.34. The firm has a market cap of $166.22 million, a price-to-earnings ratio of 10.14 and a beta of 0.53. In related news, insider Robert T. Ladd purchased 3,000 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Wednesday, November 9th. The stock was acquired at an average price of $11.03 per share, for a total transaction of $33,090.00. The transaction was disclosed in a legal filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is available at this hyperlink. 3.80% of the stock is currently owned by corporate insiders. Several hedge funds have recently modified their holdings of the company. Nuveen Fund Advisors LLC acquired a new stake in Stellus Capital Investment Corporation during the second quarter valued at $746,000. JPMorgan Chase & Co. raised its stake in Stellus Capital Investment Corporation by 172.2% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 17,257 shares of the investment management company’s stock valued at $188,000 after buying an additional 10,917 shares during the last quarter. Morgan Stanley raised its stake in Stellus Capital Investment Corporation by 15.3% in the third quarter. Morgan Stanley now owns 97,094 shares of the investment management company’s stock valued at $1,057,000 after buying an additional 12,916 shares during the last quarter. KCG Holdings Inc. acquired a new stake in Stellus Capital Investment Corporation during the third quarter valued at $123,000. Finally, Two Sigma Advisers LP raised its stake in Stellus Capital Investment Corporation by 28.5% in the third quarter. Two Sigma Advisers LP now owns 50,000 shares of the investment management company’s stock valued at $545,000 after buying an additional 11,100 shares during the last quarter. Institutional investors and hedge funds own 25.48% of the company’s stock. A number of research analysts have recently commented on SCM shares. Zacks Investment Research cut shares of Stellus Capital Investment Corporation from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating in a research report on Wednesday, October 12th. TheStreet upgraded shares of Stellus Capital Investment Corporation from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating in a research note on Friday, November 25th. Four analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and two have issued a buy rating to the stock. The company presently has an average rating of “Hold” and an average target price of $12.00. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY WARNING: “Stellus Capital Investment Corporation (SCM) to Issue Monthly Dividend of $0.11” was reported by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are viewing this piece on another publication, it was copied illegally and reposted in violation of US & international trademark and copyright legislation. The correct version of this piece can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/01/18/stellus-capital-investment-corporation-scm-to-issue-monthly-dividend-of-0-11.html. About Stellus Capital Investment Corporation Stellus Capital Investment Corporation is a closed-end, non-diversified management investment company. The Company originates and invests primarily in private middle-market companies through first lien, second lien, unitranche and mezzanine debt financing, with corresponding equity co-investments. The Company’s investment objective is to maximize the total return to its stockholders in the form of current income and capital appreciation. Receive News & Ratings for Stellus Capital Investment Corporation Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Stellus Capital Investment Corporation and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Trump’s Labor Secretary Choice Outsourced Jobs President Trump Agenda: Border Wall and Sanctuary Cities White House Says President Trump Will Not Release His Tax Returns Protesters Plan Big Disruptions for Trump Inauguration Summer Zervos Filing Defamation Suit Against Donald Trump © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact US Privacy Policy Staff Daily Email Updates Headlines Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Investing Comfort Systems USA Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Comfort Systems USA Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Recent Posts National Asset Management Inc. Sells 2 Shares of Apple Hospitality REIT, Inc. (APLE) Bemis Company, Inc. (BMS) Shares Bought by National Asset Management Inc. Panagora Asset Management Inc. Reduces Stake in Everest Re Group, Ltd. (RE) Panagora Asset Management Inc. Buys 12,475 Shares of Reliance Steel & Aluminum Co. (RS) Panagora Asset Management Inc. Acquires 186,494 Shares of American Express Company (AXP) CBS Corporation (CBS) Position Increased by Capital International Sarl Fuller & Thaler Asset Management Inc. Lowers Position in ADTRAN, Inc. (ADTN) Energizer Holdings, Inc. (ENR) Stake Lowered by Fuller & Thaler Asset Management Inc. TPG Group Holdings SBS Advisors Inc. Sells 716,539 Shares of Verint Systems Inc. (VRNT) Blackstone Group L.P. Invests $9,189,000 in Brunswick Corporation (BC) Gamestop Corporation (GME) Stake Cut by National Asset Management Inc. Blackstone Group L.P. Sells 11,441 Shares of W.R. Grace & Co. (GRA) Fuller & Thaler Asset Management Inc. Has $52,380,000 Position in Artisan Partners Asset Management Inc. (APAM) Highbridge Capital Management LLC Boosts Stake in United Therapeutics Corporation (UTHR) Coca-Cola European Partners PLC (CCE) Shares Sold by Highbridge Capital Management LLC Highbridge Capital Management LLC Sells 45,230 Shares of DISH Network Corporation (DISH) Highbridge Capital Management LLC Boosts Stake in Brink’s Company (The) (BCO) Moors & Cabot Inc. Sells 2,391 Shares of Mplx Lp (MPLX) General Mills, Inc. (GIS) Shares Bought by Moors & Cabot Inc. Moors & Cabot Inc. Has $1,034,000 Stake in National Oilwell Varco, Inc. (NOV) Swiss National Bank Sells 1,900 Shares of Comfort Systems USA, Inc. (FIX) Posted by Abby Graham on Jan 18th, 2017 // No Comments Tweet Swiss National Bank decreased its position in Comfort Systems USA, Inc. (NYSE:FIX) by 3.0% during the third quarter, according to its most recent filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission. The firm owned 61,200 shares of the company’s stock after selling 1,900 shares during the period. Swiss National Bank’s holdings in Comfort Systems USA were worth $1,794,000 at the end of the most recent quarter. A number of other institutional investors have also recently bought and sold shares of the company. Public Employees Retirement Association of Colorado increased its position in shares of Comfort Systems USA by 67.5% in the third quarter. Public Employees Retirement Association of Colorado now owns 447,766 shares of the company’s stock worth $13,124,000 after buying an additional 180,432 shares during the period. JPMorgan Chase & Co. increased its position in shares of Comfort Systems USA by 55.5% in the second quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 425,913 shares of the company’s stock worth $13,872,000 after buying an additional 152,078 shares during the period. Copeland Capital Management LLC increased its position in shares of Comfort Systems USA by 43.9% in the third quarter. Copeland Capital Management LLC now owns 481,066 shares of the company’s stock worth $14,100,000 after buying an additional 146,841 shares during the period. Numeric Investors LLC increased its position in shares of Comfort Systems USA by 67.7% in the second quarter. Numeric Investors LLC now owns 245,502 shares of the company’s stock worth $7,996,000 after buying an additional 99,101 shares during the period. Finally, Eagle Asset Management Inc. increased its position in shares of Comfort Systems USA by 54.5% in the third quarter. Eagle Asset Management Inc. now owns 280,454 shares of the company’s stock worth $8,220,000 after buying an additional 98,927 shares during the period. 95.27% of the stock is currently owned by hedge funds and other institutional investors. Shares of Comfort Systems USA, Inc. (NYSE:FIX) traded up 0.46% during trading on Wednesday, hitting $33.05. 205,833 shares of the company were exchanged. Comfort Systems USA, Inc. has a 1-year low of $24.22 and a 1-year high of $35.25. The company has a 50 day moving average of $33.56 and a 200-day moving average of $30.61. The stock has a market capitalization of $1.23 billion, a PE ratio of 20.53 and a beta of 1.31. Comfort Systems USA (NYSE:FIX) last posted its quarterly earnings data on Thursday, October 27th. The company reported $0.54 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, topping analysts’ consensus estimates of $0.52 by $0.02. The business earned $428.80 million during the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $429.80 million. Comfort Systems USA had a return on equity of 17.22% and a net margin of 3.76%. The firm’s quarterly revenue was up 4.4% compared to the same quarter last year. During the same quarter in the prior year, the company earned $0.46 earnings per share. On average, analysts forecast that Comfort Systems USA, Inc. will post $1.70 earnings per share for the current year. WARNING: “Swiss National Bank Sells 1,900 Shares of Comfort Systems USA, Inc. (FIX)” was posted by Web Breaking News and is the sole property of of Web Breaking News. If you are viewing this story on another site, it was copied illegally and reposted in violation of US and international trademark & copyright laws. The legal version of this story can be accessed at http://www.webbreakingnews.com/2017/01/18/swiss-national-bank-sells-1900-shares-of-comfort-systems-usa-inc-fix.html. A number of equities analysts recently weighed in on FIX shares. Zacks Investment Research downgraded shares of Comfort Systems USA from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating in a report on Wednesday, September 28th. Macquarie started coverage on shares of Comfort Systems USA in a report on Friday, January 13th. They issued an “outperform” rating on the stock. In other news, Director Alan Krusi sold 3,000 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction on Tuesday, November 1st. The stock was sold at an average price of $28.43, for a total transaction of $85,290.00. The sale was disclosed in a filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is available through this hyperlink. 3.49% of the stock is owned by company insiders. About Comfort Systems USA Comfort Systems USA, Inc is a provider of mechanical contracting services, which principally includes heating, ventilation and air conditioning (HVAC), plumbing, piping and controls, as well as off-site construction, electrical, monitoring and fire protection. It installs, maintains and repairs products and systems throughout its approximately 35 operating units in 81 cities and 89 locations throughout the United States. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding FIX? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Comfort Systems USA, Inc. (NYSE:FIX). Receive News & Ratings for Comfort Systems USA Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Comfort Systems USA Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter. « Previous Ball Corporation (BLL) Shares Bought by Commonwealth Bank of Australia Next » Las Vegas Sands Corp. (LVS) Stake Decreased by Prudential Financial Inc. Latest News Nike Suspends Relationship with Maria Sharapova Rob Bironas Ex-Titans Kicker Dies in Car Crash Ron Washington Leaves Texas Rangers Due to an Affair Jonathan Dwyer Falls in Line with Other Banned NFL Players Tony Stewart Case Going to the Grand Jury Oscar Pistorius “Blade Runner” Found Not Guilty of Murder Leave a Reply Click here to cancel reply. Name (Required) Mail (will not be published) (Required) Website   Home Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Headlines Investing © 2006-2017 Web Breaking News.
JPMorgan Chase says it settled mortgage discrimination case with - WTRF 7 News Sports Weather - Wheeling Steubenville Member Center: Create Account| Log In Manage Account| Log Out SITE SEARCHWEB SEARCH BY WTRF Top Stories News Crimes and Courts International National Ohio Headlines Pennsylvania Headlines Regional News West Virginia Headlines Weather 7-Day Forecast Radar Local Temps U.S. National Temps Regional Satellite/Radar Regional Temps School Closings Ohio Valley Weather Watches & Warnings Video Sports High School The Big Game Local Colleges WV Illustrated Community Hidden History - Celebrating Black History Month Contests Health & Fitness Features Events Calendar Pet of the Week Wing It On Card Excellence in Education My OV Business Directory Slideshows Scene and Be Seen Coupon Bug What's On ABC.com ABC News CBS.com CBS News MyNetwork.com About Us Advertise With Us Internship Opportunities Contact Us Closed Captioning or Signal Problems EEO FILES FCC Public Inspection File Report Signal Problems Meet the Team Work With Us WTRF Supports Contests JPMorgan Chase says it settled mortgage discrimination case with feds Posted: Wednesday, January 18, 2017 3:51 PM EST Updated: Wednesday, January 18, 2017 3:51 PM EST Officials with JPMorgan Chase say the company has reached a settlement with federal authorities over charges it discriminated against minority home buyers. A US attorney filed suit Tuesday alleging the bank charged higher mortgage rates and fees to more than 100,000 black and Hispanic home buyers between 2006 and 2009. The loans in question were originated by independent mortgage brokers not employed by the bank. JPMorgan Chase says it did nothing wrong, and that the rates were set by the mortgage brokers. A person familiar with the settlement said JPMorgan Chase agreed to pay $55 million under terms of the deal. JPMorgan Chase says it settled mortgage discrimination case with feds WTRF 96 16th Street Wheeling, WV 26003 Main (304) 232-7777 Fax (304) 233-5822 Can't Find Something? All content © Copyright 2000 - 2015 Frankly Media and WTRF Television. All Rights Reserved. For more information on this site, please read our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service.
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy   Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Interactive Intelligence Group Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Interactive Intelligence Group Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News National Asset Management Inc. Has $607,000 Stake in American Water Works (AWK) Panagora Asset Management Inc. Boosts Position in eBay Inc. (EBAY) Panagora Asset Management Inc. Buys 989,883 Shares of Baxter International Inc. (BAX) Panagora Asset Management Inc. Has $49,920,000 Position in Western Alliance Bancorporation (WAL) Eli Lilly and Company (LLY) Position Lowered by Capital International Sarl Goldman Sachs Group, Inc. (The) (GS) Position Reduced by Capital International Sarl Capital International Sarl Maintains Position in Canadian National Railway Company (CNI) Capital International Sarl Maintains Position in Cognizant Technology Solutions Corp (CTSH) Fuller & Thaler Asset Management Inc. Acquires 2,304,519 Shares of Verifone Systems, Inc. (PAY) Blackstone Group L.P. Invests $13,851,000 in Take-Two Interactive Software, Inc. (TTWO) TPG Group Holdings SBS Advisors Inc. Cuts Position in Continental Building Products, Inc. (CBPX) TPG Group Holdings SBS Advisors Inc. Sells 3,273 Shares of LinkedIn Corp (LNKD) National Asset Management Inc. Has $858,000 Position in Medtronic PLC (MDT) E.W. Scripps Company (The) (SSP) Shares Bought by Blackstone Group L.P. Blackstone Group L.P. Maintains Stake in NantHealth Inc (NH) Fuller & Thaler Asset Management Inc. Has $59,582,000 Stake in Cabot Corporation (CBT) Fuller & Thaler Asset Management Inc. Sells 9,719 Shares of MTS Systems Corporation (MTSC) Fuller & Thaler Asset Management Inc. Sells 494,508 Shares of El Paso Electric Company (EE) Fuller & Thaler Asset Management Inc. Decreases Position in Brink’s Company (The) (BCO) Cheniere Energy Partners LP Holdings LLC (CQH) Position Cut by Blackstone Group L.P. Prudential Financial Inc. Sells 10,900 Shares of Interactive Intelligence Group Inc (ININ) January 18th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Trevor Kearing Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Prudential Financial Inc. decreased its position in Interactive Intelligence Group Inc (NASDAQ:ININ) by 25.5% during the third quarter, according to its most recent 13F filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission. The firm owned 31,867 shares of the company’s stock after selling 10,900 shares during the period. Prudential Financial Inc.’s holdings in Interactive Intelligence Group were worth $1,916,000 as of its most recent SEC filing. A number of other large investors have also recently made changes to their positions in the company. JPMorgan Chase & Co. increased its stake in shares of Interactive Intelligence Group by 619.2% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 307,273 shares of the company’s stock worth $18,480,000 after buying an additional 264,547 shares during the last quarter. Wells Fargo & Company MN increased its stake in Interactive Intelligence Group by 6.2% in the third quarter. Wells Fargo & Company MN now owns 18,537 shares of the company’s stock worth $1,115,000 after buying an additional 1,083 shares during the last quarter. Texas Permanent School Fund increased its stake in Interactive Intelligence Group by 0.3% in the third quarter. Texas Permanent School Fund now owns 13,553 shares of the company’s stock worth $815,000 after buying an additional 47 shares during the last quarter. Great West Life Assurance Co. Can increased its stake in Interactive Intelligence Group by 6.4% in the third quarter. Great West Life Assurance Co. Can now owns 23,300 shares of the company’s stock worth $1,400,000 after buying an additional 1,395 shares during the last quarter. Finally, Louisiana State Employees Retirement System increased its stake in Interactive Intelligence Group by 1.3% in the third quarter. Louisiana State Employees Retirement System now owns 7,900 shares of the company’s stock worth $475,000 after buying an additional 100 shares during the last quarter. Hedge funds and other institutional investors own 83.23% of the company’s stock. Interactive Intelligence Group Inc (NASDAQ:ININ) remained flat at $60.50 during mid-day trading on Wednesday. Interactive Intelligence Group Inc has a 52-week low of $21.42 and a 52-week high of $60.77. The firm has a 50 day moving average price of $60.38 and a 200 day moving average price of $52.92. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY WARNING: This news story was reported by Daily Political and is the propert of of Daily Political. If you are accessing this news story on another site, it was stolen and reposted in violation of US & international copyright and trademark legislation. The correct version of this news story can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/01/18/prudential-financial-inc-sells-10900-shares-of-interactive-intelligence-group-inc-inin.html. Separately, William Blair restated a “hold” rating on shares of Interactive Intelligence Group in a research note on Sunday, December 4th. One equities research analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, ten have assigned a hold rating and two have assigned a buy rating to the stock. The company presently has an average rating of “Hold” and an average target price of $46.14. About Interactive Intelligence Group Interactive Intelligence Group, Inc is a provider of software and cloud services for customer engagement, communications and collaboration. The Company operates in the segment of interaction management software solutions licensing and associated services. It offers approximately three types of products, including on-premises software; a single-tenant cloud service, and a multi-tenant cloud service. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding ININ? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Interactive Intelligence Group Inc (NASDAQ:ININ). Receive News & Ratings for Interactive Intelligence Group Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Interactive Intelligence Group Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Trump’s Labor Secretary Choice Outsourced Jobs President Trump Agenda: Border Wall and Sanctuary Cities White House Says President Trump Will Not Release His Tax Returns Protesters Plan Big Disruptions for Trump Inauguration Summer Zervos Filing Defamation Suit Against Donald Trump © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home   Street Talk   Personal Finance   Economy   Companies   Markets   Investing & Analysis   Insiders   Money Wire   Newsletters Sponsor Men Don’t Need Viagra If you Do This Once Daily - Reverses ED For Good Home | Street Talk Tags: Jamie Dimon | JPMorgan | euro | Davos Jamie Dimon: Euro Zone Risks Breakup If Concerns Are Ignored (Dreamstime) Wednesday, 18 Jan 2017 03:37 PM Close  More ways to share... Stumbled LinkedIn Vine Reddit Delicious Newstrust Tell my politician Technocrati Short URL| Email Article| Comment| Contact| Print|     A   A    The euro region could break up if political leaders don’t get to grips with the discontent that’s spurring support for populist leaders across the continent, JPMorgan Chase & Co. Chief Executive Officer Jamie Dimon said.  Dimon said he had hoped European Union leaders would examine what caused the U.K. to vote to leave and then make changes. That hasn’t happened, and if nationalist politicians including France’s Marine Le Pen rise to power in elections across the region “the euro zone may not survive,” Dimon, 60, said in a Bloomberg Television interview with John Micklethwait. “What went wrong is going wrong for everybody, not just going wrong for Britain, but in some ways it looks like they’re kind of doubling down,” Dimon said in the interview Wednesday at the annual meeting of the World Economic Forum in Davos, Switzerland. Unless leaders address underlying concerns, “you’re going to have the same political things about immigration, the laws of the country, how much power goes to Brussels.” Dimon’s remarks on Europe were unusually pessimistic, coming in a wide-ranging interview in which he also criticized regulations that he said stunt economic growth. But he reiterated optimism for President-elect Donald Trump. Minutes later, Goldman Sachs Group Inc. Chief Executive Officer Lloyd Blankfein also expressed concern about Europe, telling CNBC that leaders are facing a backlash in the midst of a long, complicated process to create an economic bloc. “That’s complicated, that’s very hard to do,” said Blankfein, 62. “It’s not done, and it’s not accomplished. We’re finding the pain of that.” The Netherlands’s Geert Wilders and France’s Le Pen are among politicians that have won support for their opposition to the European Union. Wilders’s Freedom Party has been leading in polls ahead of March 15 parliamentary elections. And polls have suggested Le Pen may finish second in the initial round of France’s presidential elections on April 23, and lose a May 7 runoff to center-right candidate Francois Fillon. Le Pen has called for France to exert more control over its economic policy, money, legislation and borders. The bottom line is that Europe must become more competitive, Dimon said. “I say this out of respect for the European people, but they’re going to have to change,” he said. “They may be forced by politics, they may be forced by new leadership.” Dimon said he isn’t as worried about the future of the U.S. under Trump, whose own rise drew on a populist movement. The real estate mogul and reality TV star is enlisting “very serious people” for his administration, such as Goldman Sachs alumni Steven Mnuchin and Gary Cohn, who’ve been tapped to lead the Treasury Department and help oversee White House economic policy. “The side that people are worried about a little bit, and I think is may be blown out of proportion, is trade,” Dimon said. “They’re listening to tweets and one-liners and statements” from Trump. But in his book, “The Art of the Deal,” the president-elect “will tell you he does that” as a tactic, Dimon said. Asked about a concerns Trump may start a trade war with China, Dimon said he’s not worried. “I think these very rational people will be very thoughtful when they go about the actual policy,” he said. Dimon said he doesn’t want the government to rip up the Dodd-Frank Act, the package of rules Congress passed in 2010 to prevent future financial crises. He has criticized the legislation for years as inconsistent and counterproductive to economic growth. Instead, policymakers “should open it up, look what worked, look what didn’t, recalibrate it, modify it, change it, to accomplish what we want to do, which is what I call good regulation, not just more regulation,” he said. Regulators should also reexamine requirements for bank capital and liquidity ratios, which Dimon said are preventing strong firms from lending more. The regulations are forcing JPMorgan and competitors to sideline hundreds of billions of dollars. “If you look at the whole banking industry, I think there’s a way to go to let them be free to do their job,” Dimon said. © Copyright 2017 Bloomberg News. All rights reserved. Click Here to comment on this article Close  More ways to share... Stumbled LinkedIn Vine Reddit Delicious Newstrust Tell my politician Technocrati Short URL| Email Article| Comment| Contact| Print|     A   A    1Like our page 2Share Share StreetTalk The euro region could break up if political leaders don't get to grips with the discontent that's spurring support for populist leaders across the continent, JPMorgan Chase CEO Jamie Dimon said. Jamie Dimon, JPMorgan, euro, Davos 679 Wednesday, 18 Jan 2017 03:37 PM 2017-37-18 Around The Web Powered by Newsmax Join the Newsmax Community Register To Comment Login To Comment Please review Community Guidelines before posting a comment. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. blog comments powered by Disqus   Free Newsmax E-Alerts Email: Country: Zip Code: Privacy: We never share your email.   Mortgage Rates Get Today's Low Rates Widget Request a mortgage or refinance Powered by Take A Look At This Recommended by Newsmax Most Commented Trump to Company Executives: We Think we Can Cut Regulations by 75 Pct Monday, 23 Jan 2017 | 107 comments This is what leadership looks like... Lawsuit: Trump Businesses Violate Constitution Monday, 23 Jan 2017 | 89 comments Waste time and money. Nonsense. This is what RATs will do... Robert Reich: Here's Why I Don't Think So-Called 'Trump Rally' Will Continue Wednesday, 25 Jan 2017 | 44 comments Do not forget mr.REICH is a FABIAN SOCIALIST ,he is like the Clintons!!... Dow Tops 20,000 as Trump Rally Pushes Higher Wednesday, 25 Jan 2017 | 31 comments Be prepared for O'dumbo and his acolytes to claim this all happened... Mexico President Demands North America Stay Free-Trade Zone Tuesday, 24 Jan 2017 | 31 comments :...humane treatment of Mexican migrant workers....and a coordinated and...       To view this video please enable JavaScript, and consider upgrading to a web browser that supports HTML5 video Home   Street Talk   Personal Finance   Economy   Companies   Markets   Investing & Analysis   Insiders   Money Wire   Newsletters Newsmax, Moneynews, Newsmax Health, and Independent. American. are registered trademarks of Newsmax Media, Inc. Newsmax TV, and Newsmax World are trademarks of Newsmax Media, Inc. NEWSMAX.COM MONEYNEWS.COM © Newsmax Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved Contact | Advertise | Shop | RSS | Archives | Links | Privacy Policy | Terms & Conditions
Turkey world middle east europe americas africa asia - pacific economy politics sports health infographics photo video video gallery multimedia other corporate news finance terminal anadolu images energy terminal anadolu post anadolu post news academy election 2015 Türkçe English BHS Pусский French العربية Kurdî کوردی Shqip فارسی македонски Anadolu Agency English Turkey Turkish police arrest 17 Daesh suspects in Istanbul Features archive President Erdogan, first lady meet Lindsay Lohan Features archive New $150M deal for Syrian refugees in Turkey Features archive Turkey's Borsa Istanbul flat at close Features archive Turkish deputy premier named 'politician of the year' Features archive world middle east New $150M deal for Syrian refugees in Turkey Features archive Saudi air defenses intercept missile fired from Yemen Features archive 5,200 Iraqis return to liberated areas of eastern Mosul Features archive Daesh 'to withdraw from Al-Bab' say local sources Features archive europe Croatian Jews boycott Holocaust event over army sign Features archive Merkel, Hollande stress need for EU unity Features archive Turkey issues 2nd extradition request for 8 ex-soldiers Features archive Migrants shelter from freezing cold on Greek navy ship Features archive americas Microsoft market cap soars above $500 billion Features archive Trump's energy plans unlikely to change output: WoodMac Features archive Trump says Gen. Mattis will ‘override’ him on torture Features archive US: Groundswell of opposition forms to Muslim registry Features archive africa At least 20 killed in Somali rebel attack Features archive Egyptian court jails 18 for ‘inciting violence’ in 2015 Features archive 'Disappeared' loved ones still haunt Gambian families Features archive Kenyan military camp in Somalia attacked by al-Shabaab Features archive asia - pacific Pakistan arrests 60 Indian fishermen Features archive Myanmar: UN short on funds due to Rakhine violence Features archive Heavy rains force 6,000 Indonesians to flee homes Features archive Pakistan welcomes UK debate on Kashmir Features archive economy S&P holds steady Turkey's credit rating Features archive IMF boss pushes Uganda on mismanagement Features archive Turkey's Borsa Istanbul flat at close Features archive Banks not part of fixed forex rates: Turkish watchdog Features archive Turkey/SKorean consortium has edge in bridge bid Features archive politics Turkish premier outlines rebuilding plan for SE Turkey Features archive Africans choose to leave International Criminal Court Features archive Turkish MP in S. Africa criticizes western media bias Features archive Greek court refuses to extradite Turkish coup suspects Features archive Turkish MP wants UK-based Turks to vote in referendum Features archive sports US: Falcons to face Patriots in Super Bowl LI Features archive NBA All-Star starters announced Features archive Egypt court adds popular ex-footballer to ‘terror list’ Features archive Football: Karabakh team longs to return home Features archive Football: Former England manager Graham Taylor dies Features archive health Turkey to expand hospital care, health minister says Features archive Canadian mother’s life saved by removal of lungs Features archive Balkan patients turning to Turkey for treatment Features archive Kenyan student medics support striking doctors Features archive Smoking costs $1T plus 6M lives annually: WHO Features archive infographics photo Turkish President Erdogan meets Lindsay Lohan in Ankara Israeli security forces intervene Palestinian demonstration New president arrives in Gambia Operation to liberate Iraq’s Mosul from Daesh Assad regime violates the cease-fire, hits civilians in Damascus video video gallery Today in 60 seconds (January 27) Greek court refuses to extradite Turkish coup suspects Today in 60 seconds (January 26) Erdogan welcomed with official ceremony in Madagascar multimedia FETO Exposed: Mithat Aynacı July 15 coup protester martyred 'for the sake of the homeland' FETO Exposed: Adil oksuz "THAT NIGHT" was recorded on the spot other corporate news finance terminal anadolu images energy terminal news academy anadolu post anadolu post select language Türkçe English BHS Pусский French العربية Kurdî کوردی Shqip فارسی македонски JPMorgan Chase settles US discrimination lawsuit Bank to pay $55M to settle mortgage discrimination charges home > world, economy 18.01.2017 Övünç Kutlu New York Features archive related news Three large US banks post Q4 earnings 3 large US banks post Q3 losses By Ovunc Kutlu NEW YORK JPMorgan Chase agreed Wednesday to a $55 million settlement with the U.S. government after it was accused of engaging in discriminatory practices in its mortgage lending division, the bank told Anadolu Agency.  External Communications Manager Elizabeth Seymour confirmed the figure in an e-mail after the federal lawsuit that was filed in a Manhattan court earlier in the day.  “We’ve agreed to settle these legacy allegations that relate to pricing set by independent brokers,” according to a statement from the bank. “We deny any wrongdoing and remain committed to providing equal access to credit.”  The lawsuit said JPMorgan Chase charged higher rates and fees resulting in millions of dollars in added charges to 53,000 blacks and Hispanics between 2006 and 2009, compared to other borrowers, in violation of the U.S. Fair Housing Act and the Equal Credit Opportunity Act. The average black borrower paid $1,100 more during the first five years on an average loan of $191,100, while Hispanic borrowers paid $1,000 more on an average loan of $237,000, the government said. JPMorgan Chase reached a $13 billion settlement in 2013 with the Justice Department for its mortgage practices. The bank, along with Bank of America, Citibank and Goldman Sachs have paid more than $40 billion since 2012 for related activities that led to the 2008 financial crisis. Anadolu Agency website contains only a portion of the news stories offered to subscribers in the AA News Broadcasting System (HAS), and in summarized form. Please contact us for subscription options. Facebook Facebook Twitter Google LinkedIn Related Galleries today's headlines 23 : 42 Turkey Turkish police arrest 17 Daesh suspects in Istanbul 23 : 42 world Trump says Gen. Mattis will ‘override’ him on torture 22 : 42 Turkey President Erdogan, first lady meet Lindsay Lohan 18 : 32 world Daesh 'to withdraw from Al-Bab' say local sources 17 : 02 Turkey Terror wins if we stop traveling: UN tourism body head 16 : 50 world Merkel, Hollande stress need for EU unity 15 : 51 Turkey Turkish jets kill 57 PKK terrorists in northern Iraq 15 : 12 Turkey Turkish premier outlines rebuilding plan for SE Turkey 15 : 08 Turkey Istanbul Photo Awards 2017 jury boasts famous names 14 : 45 world Egyptian court jails 18 for ‘inciting violence’ in 2015 13 : 27 Turkey Thousands of refugees in Turkey seek debit aid cards 11 : 22 Turkey Turkey marks Holocaust Remembrance Day 09 : 52 world 22 Daesh terrorists 'neutralized' in north Syria 09 : 29 world Migrants shelter from freezing cold on Greek navy ship 09 : 19 politics Africans choose to leave International Criminal Court 08 : 55 world NYC: Man invokes Trump, attacks Muslim airline employee 08 : 19 Turkey Turkish MP in S. Africa criticizes western media bias analysis news Turkey after Astana, Syria and global interplay Operation Euphrates Shield: Aims and gains No solution for Syria without Turkey: Analyst What really describes the case of Rohingya community in Myanmar? Dozen dead in boat accident in India's River Ganges JPMorgan Chase settles US discrimination lawsuit 1 / 1 JPMorgan Chase settles US discrimination lawsuit analysis news corporate news education culture and art life science-technology photo video up corporate history editorial guideliness social media policies ethics commission executive team domestic offices international offices media center contact quality management announcement service sponsorship human resources subscription requests corporate news finance terminal anadolu images energy terminal news academy election 2015 mobile services iPhone application iPad application Android application Windows application © Anadolu Agency 2017
Home Mail Search News Cricket Movies Lifestyle Celebrity Flickr Mobile Answers More Yahoo Search Search Mail News Home Follow us YEAR IN REVIEW 2016 National World Finance Cricket Lifestyle Sports Good News Videos Autos What you need to know on Wall Street right now Business Insider 18 January 2017 Reblog Share Tweet Pin it Share Lloyd BlankfeinMore (Getty/Joe Raedle) Welcome to Finance Insider, Business Insider's summary of the top stories of the past 24 hours. That's it.  Wall Street bank earnings season has come to a close, with Goldman Sachs blowing away analyst expectations on strong fixed-income trading. Citigroup beat on the bottom line, but missed on the top. And Morgan Stanley has pulled off a Wall Street magic trick.  Elsewhere in Wall Street news, Deutsche Bank will settle with US regulators over mortgage-backed securities for $7.2 billion. In related news, the bank is scrapping bonuses for senior employees because of the bank's performance.  And Credit Suisse will pay its own $5.3 billion settlement over pre-crisis mortgage-backed securities. At HSBC, Brexit will push bankers making 20% of the bank's London revenue to Europe. At UBS, 1,000 London-based staff could be hit by Brexit. And at JPMorgan, "it looks like there will be more job movement than we'd hoped for," according to JPMorgan chief Jamie Dimon.  In money management, a hot new hedge fund is predicting "hundreds of billions of dollars" in tech deals, including a potential Apple deal for Disney. Hedge funds are making "extreme" bets on the impact of Trump. And Wall Street is witnessing a "third wave of computerization." Business Insider is in Davos for the World Economic Forum. Here are some of the headlines: DALIO: "I want to be loud and clear — populism scares me" SUMMERS: Trump's populism is a "dagger at Ohio" Trump adviser Scaramucci nails the problem with the economy — and suggests it will take 5-15 years to fix Alibaba founder Jack Ma has a brutal theory of how America went wrong over the past 30 years The boss of the world's largest recruiter tells us how Brexit is affecting jobs right now In other news, Tesla is investing $350 million in its giant Gigafactory and hiring hundreds of workers Lastly, take a look inside The Boston Consulting Group's stunning New York office, which has an in-house cafe and workout rooms. Here are the top Wall Street headlines from the past 24 hours Comparing 25- to 34-year-olds now with 25- to 34-year-olds in 1989 is super depressing - A new analysis of data on the financial health of young people in the United States tells a frightening story about declining opportunity in America — a story of a generation saddled with crippling debt and forced to compete with older members of the workforce during a time of deep economic uncertainty. One country dominates the global bitcoin market - Almost all bitcoin trading is done in China. TRUMP TWEETS BACK AT NBC: Companies are adding US jobs "because of me!" - President-elect Donald Trump used Twitter early on Wednesday morning to decry a report from NBC News. The Fed is turning more dovish - The Federal Reserve has yet to officially update its roster of voting members/interest-rate setters on this year's Federal Open Market Committee, but that doesn't mean readers shouldn't get a sneak peek.  Retail stocks are getting crushed - Retail stocks are under pressure on Wednesday after Target announced it was slashing its guidance as a result of "disappointing traffic and sales trends." Canada is waiting for Trump to make the first move - The Bank of Canada held rates at 0.5% on Wednesday, as expected. In the accompanying policy statement, the bank noted that "uncertainty about the global outlook is undiminished, particularly with respect to policies in the United States." Here's what it actually means for a watch to be "Swiss-made" - The mark of many luxury watches — indeed, most — is a mark on the face, usually just below where the hands attach to the case. It reads: "Swiss-made." More From Business Insider What you need to know on Wall Street right now What you need to know on Wall Street right now What you need to know on Wall Street right now Reblog Share Tweet Pin it Share Help Privacy Suggestions Terms
  Markets Stocks Indices Commodities Currencies Mutual Funds ETFs Bonds News SIGN IN BUSINESS INSIDER       PORTFOLIO SEARCH Markets Stocks Indices Commodities Currencies Mutual Funds ETFs Bonds News CANCEL These 2 charts will give stock pickers everywhere nightmares Tina Wadhwa Jan. 18, 2017, 03:01 PM 2016 was one of the most challenging years for professional stock pickers. The chart below from a JPMorgan US Equity Strategy note released on Wednesday shows that only 32% of active quant funds and active long only funds outperformed their benchmarks in 2016, compared to 63% in 2015. On the whole, 68% of active funds underperformed relative to benchmark returns.  Active managers make a living by trying to beat the index, so when they don't, it's not surprising that investors opt to trade in the higher fees for these products for lower cost passive investments.  This underperformance has led to a "record rotation" from active to passive investments in 2016, according to the note. Investors pulled $200 billion from active US equity funds in the single largest annual rotation out of active management. Meanwhile, passive equity funds captured $150 billion of inflows.  "Greater understanding of passive products, their relatively lower fees and disappointing performance of active funds are likely driving the secular shift into more passive products," the JPMorgan note said.  SHARE THIS POST your MARKET VIEW Your Personalized Market Center Categories Equity Money Market Mixed Assets Commodity Bonds News News on Mutual Funds All News Home / News / Stock News / These 2 charts will give stock pickers everywhere nightmares Follow us Need help? Contact us! Visit our network Copyright © 2016 Business Insider Inc. and finanzen.net GmbH (Imprint). All rights reserved. Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service amd Privacy Policy Disclaimer | Commerce Policy | Stock quotes by finanzen.net International Editions: UK | DE | AUS | ID | IN | MY | SG | PL | SE
HOME EDITION News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance CNBC Explains Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Recode Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows Watch Live CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Full Episodes More Log In | Register Log Out News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Consumer Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Halftime Portfolio Squawk Box Portfolio Take a Tour Subscribe Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance CNBC Explains Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Recode Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Special Reports CNBC Disruptor 50 FA Playbook Modern Medicine Quarterly Investment Guide FinTech CNBC Upstart 25 Retail Report Future Opportunities Your Money, Your Future Original Series Executive Edge Trading Nation Futures Now Retire Well The Pulse @ 1 Market The Bottom Line CNBC Events Davos Delivering Alpha eMerge Americas iCONIC Conference Cambridge Cyber Summit Sohn Conference Follow CNBC EDITION Register Log In Profile Email Preferences PRO Sign Out Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Halftime Portfolio Squawk Box Portfolio Take a Tour Subscribe LIVE TV Watch CNBC TV Watch CNBC Pro Watchlist X × × × PRO Uncut LATEST Live TV Platinum Portfolio Halftime Portfolio PRO Talks PRO Uncut Start Over| ‹ PRO Uncut: Gene Munster on Alphabet, Trump PRO Uncut: Starbucks CEO Howard Schultz on slowing growth, Trump PRO Uncut: TIAA's Saira Malik gives Trump picks PRO Uncut: Jim Grant on the Trump risks PRO Uncut: Jeremy Siegel on Dow 20,000 PRO Uncut: Sam Stovall, other strategists on Dow 20K PRO Uncut: Mario Gabelli interview PRO Uncut: Billionaire investor Carl Icahn on Trump and the stock market PRO Uncut: Bill Gross on President Trump PRO Uncut: Top chart analyst Jeff deGraaf PRO Uncut: Morgan Stanley CEO James Gorman PRO Uncut: Deutsche Bank CEO John Cryan PRO Uncut: Goldman Sachs CEO Lloyd Blankfein on earnings, Trump and the economy PRO Uncut: JPMorgan's Jamie Dimon on Trump, taxes, earnings PRO Uncut: Blackstone CEO Steve Schwarzman PRO Uncut: Citi's Tobias Levkovich on Trump volatility PRO Uncut: Bank of America CEO Brian Moynihan PRO Uncut: Salesforce CEO Marc Benioff PRO Uncut: AT&T CEO Randall Stephenson PRO Uncut: BlackRock's Larry Fink on Trump PRO Uncut: Jack Bogle interview Value investor Bill Nygren sees opportunity in beaten-up health-care stocks PRO Uncut: Alnylam CEO on what's ahead for the biotech up 19% this year PRO Uncut: Sarepta Therapeutics CEO Dr. Ed Kaye PRO Uncut: Mario Gabelli interview PRO Uncut: Larry Summers on why Trump's tax reform plan won't work PRO Uncut: CEO of small-cap biotech Blueprint Medicines Juno CEO gives 2017 outlook after drug trial halt cut stock in half last year PRO Uncut: Andrew Left interview Leon Cooperman reveals his favorite value stocks for 2017 PRO Uncut: Billionaire hedgie Marc Lasry on Trump, markets PRO Uncut: Star-analyst-turned-VC Gene Munster PRO Uncut: Carl Icahn PRO Uncut: AB Bernstein's Seth Masters PRO Uncut: Steve Eisman of 'The Big Short' PRO Uncut: Valeant CEO Joseph Papa PRO Uncut: Fed decision panel PRO Uncut: Carl Icahn Trader Jon Najarian eyeing contrarian trade before the Fed PRO Uncut: Kevin Plank PRO Uncut: Michael Lewis PRO Uncut: Brian Moynihan PRO Uncut: Nelson Peltz Jon Najarian tries to strike oil with these stocks PRO Uncut: Jeff Vinik Jon Najarian: Here's how to lock in your Trump rally gains PRO Uncut: Bill Gross PRO Uncut: Jeff Immelt PRO Uncut: Jeff Gundlach PRO Uncut: Mario Gabelli PRO Uncut: Stan Druckenmiller Hedge fund playbook for Trump PRO Uncut: Carl Icahn PRO Uncut: Jim O'Neill PRO Uncut: Nelson Peltz PRO Uncut: Marc Faber PRO Uncut: Bernstein, El-Erian, Paulsen PRO Uncut: Wilbur Ross PRO Uncut: David Tepper PRO Uncut: Elon Musk Santelli and Bianco on Trump PRO Uncut: Nassim Taleb Najarian's Trump upset hedge PRO Uncut: Fed decision panel PRO Uncut: Mark Cuban PRO Uncut: Andrew Left PRO Uncut: Julian Robertson PRO Uncut: Procter & Gamble CEO PRO Uncut: Mario Gabelli PRO Uncut: Jim Chanos PRO Uncut: Bill Miller PRO Uncut: Jana's Rosenstein PRO Uncut: Lloyd Blankfein PRO Uncut: Nelson Peltz PRO Uncut: Jim Chanos PRO Uncut: Dinan and Lasry PRO Uncut: Jeff Gundlach PRO Uncut: Carl Icahn PRO Uncut: David Tepper PRO Uncut: Peter Boockvar PRO Uncut: Eric Rosengren PRO Uncut: Aswath Damodaran PRO Uncut: Louise Yamada PRO Uncut: Mario Gabelli PRO Uncut: Leon Cooperman PRO Uncut: Bill Nygren Lazear on low interest rates PRO Uncut: Francisco Blanch PRO Uncut: Dick Bove PRO Uncut: Mohamed El-Erian PRO Uncut: Jeff Currie PRO Uncut: Sheryl Sandberg PRO Uncut: Bruce Berkowitz Buffett's 5 best tips PRO Uncut: Jim Grant PRO Uncut: Nouriel Roubini PRO Uncut: Larry Summers PRO Uncut: Elizabeth Warren PRO Uncut: Bill Miller PRO Uncut: Jim Chanos › PRO Uncut JPMorgan's Jamie Dimon says Trump's tax reform may take 9 months or longer Giovanny Moreano | @GiovannyMoreano Wednesday, 18 Jan 2017 | 1:54 PM ETCNBC.com SHARES JPMorgan Chase CEO Jamie Dimon says changes to tax law proposed by President-elect Donald Trump could take much longer than Wall Street anticipates to become law. "It's going to take nine months, 12 months. The real detail work has to get done," Dimon told CNBC during an interview from the World Economic Forum in Davos, Switzerland. In anticipation of Trump's policies seeking lower taxes and deregulation, financial stocks have rallied more than 18 percent compared with a gain 6 percent for the S&P 500 index. Traders warn that any potential delays in changing tax laws could cause the rally to fizzle. In this in-depth conversation, Dimon shares his views on the financial sector and also discusses: His outlook for the U.S. economy. The policies that could propel earnings growth. The path ahead for the stock market. To watch the broadcast interview in its entirety, you must be a CNBC PRO subscriber. Giovanny MoreanoInvesting Journalist Related Securities Symbol Price   Change %Change JPM --- PRO Uncut Gene Munster on Alphabet's earnings, artificial intelligence and Trump's tax policy Starbucks CEO Howard Schultz on slowing growth, doing business under Trump TIAA's Malik, who helps oversee $882 billion, gives her favorite stock ideas for the Trump economy Jim Grant says Donald Trump will either be really good for market or really bad, no in between Jeremy Siegel says it's not too late for investors to join the party even with the Dow at 20,000 To view this site, you need to have JavaScript enabled in your browser, and either the Flash Plugin or an HTML5-Video enabled browser. Download the latest Flash player and try again. Playing Share this video... × Watch Next...
Menu Stocks Stocks to Buy Stocks to Sell Dividend Stocks Penny Stocks Hot Stocks Stock Market Today Funds Mutual Funds ETF Investing 401k & Investing Tips Retirement Financial Advisor Center Trading Trading Advice Trade of the Day Trading Report How to Trade Options Market Insight IPO Playbook Gadgets, Smartphones & Tech Weird Street InvestorPolitics Financial Advisors Premium Services Stocks to Buy Stocks to Sell Dividend Stocks Penny Stocks Hot Stocks Stock Market Today Hot Topics MSFT GOOGL Best Stocks for 2017 Top Investments Trade of the Day Dividends More Home > Stock Picks > Stocks to Buy > Why Facebook Inc (FB) Stock Will Outshine the Snapchat IPO Mark Zuckerberg gave the company a chance, and now he is going to eat its lunch By James Brumley, InvestorPlace Feature Writer  |  Jan 18, 2017, 1:34 pm EST     View All   Popular Posts: 10 High-Yield Dividend Stocks That Are SOMEHOW Still Bargains Alphabet Inc (GOOGL) Q4 Earnings Preview Microsoft Corporation (MSFT) Is Building an AI Monster Recent Posts: Why Starbucks Corporation (SBUX), Colgate-Palmolive Company (CL) and American Airlines Group Inc (AAL) Are 3 of Today’s Worst Stocks Under Armour Inc (UA) Stock Holders: This Chart Should Have You Asking Questions Alphabet Inc (GOOGL) Whiffs on Earnings, But Here’s the Bright Side View All Posts If you want proof that Facebook Inc (NASDAQ:FB) can dominate any market it wants to, look no further than its recently debuted ‘Stories’ — a feature for its Instagram platform. Stories is a near clone of Snapchat’s ‘story’ feature, which allows users to store a series of pictures and display them for a full 24 hours. (Otherwise, pictures and videos shared via Snapchat vanish within a few seconds of posting them.) Source: Shutterstock Here’s the part that has owners of FB stock salivating: Whereas it took Snapchat almost six years to cultivate a following of 150 million users, it only took Facebook five months for Instagram’s Stories platform to secure the same number of daily users. The service has 600 million active monthly users. Granted, FB had some leverage. It already boasts 1.8 billion monthly users, and easily funneled many of them to the nascent Stories feature. Regardless, the rapid rise of Stories in itself should serve as a warning to all other digital communications companies and simultaneously delight Facebook stock holders — the social networking giant can simply out muscle any and all other contestants. FB Stock: Customers List + Good Idea = Success Pre-internet, most corporate business models were the development of a great product or service, and then using the usual mediums to promote the daylights out of that product/service and drive as much revenue as possible. After the internet “seasoned” a bit, a new business model emerged … a list of people, who are potential users/buyers of services, offered by that list’s owners, or offered by third parties who essentially rent that customer list. Facebook has an incredible list of members that are not only actively online, but are well profiled for marketers. Instagram Stories’ rapid growth is evidence that hitting up the right list can make all the difference in the world. It’s not just the accessible user pool that has made Stories such a success, however — the feature really is a very slick utility for the Instagram’s regulars. The tool allows members to piece together a collection of videos and photographs that more completely tell that members “story”… the pinnacle of promoting “me” on the popular social media platform. It is a more compelling platform than Snapchat. Not only are Facebook friends easy to find using the integrated Stories platform, links to outside pages are permitted. Stories users also have a larger palette of drawing and captioning options. Crunching the Numbers for Facebook As for what Stories may mean for the FB stock price, take any projections with a grain of salt, but some outlooks peg Instagram’s 2017 revenue potential at $3.6 billion … top-line growth spurred by the fact that 74% of U.S. companies intend to use Instagram as an advertising platform this year, up from 2016’s 53%. Next Page   1 2 View All View All   Article printed from InvestorPlace Media, http://investorplace.com/2017/01/facebook-inc-fb-stock-will-outshine-snapchat-ipo/. ©2017 InvestorPlace Media, LLC More on InvestorPlace 10 Stocks to Buy That Already Make America Great 7 Awful Stocks You Need to Ditch Now 3 'Golden' Ammo Stocks for Big Returns 3 Healthcare Stocks to Buy Despite Trump 3 Retail Stocks That Are Getting Smashed Apple's iPhone Takes a Hit From … Netflix? ADVERTISEMENT ADVERTISEMENT Editor's Picks 7 Stocks to Buy That Could Double by 2018 3 Fast-Food Stocks That Are Sweating Bullets Thanks to McDonald’s The 3 Best Sector ETFs to Buy for a Profitable 2017 The 3 Best ETFs to Put In Your IRA for Long-Term Growth 3 Covered Calls to Drop a $1,000 in Your Bank Account Most Popular 7 Stocks to Buy That Could Double by 2018 5 Blue-Chip Stocks to Sell in February 10 High-Yield Dividend Stocks That Are SOMEHOW Still Bargains 3 Dividend Aristocrats to Buy for Income and Growth The 3 Best Sector ETFs to Buy for a Profitable 2017 The 3 Best ETFs to Put In Your IRA for Long-Term Growth Poll of the Day View and vote in our Will the 'Trump' Stock Market Rally Continue Through 2017? poll Partners ADVERTISEMENT About Us   ·   Press Center   ·   Resources   ·   Advisory Services   ·   Free Newsletters   ·   Free Reports   ·   Contact Us   ·   Advertise With Us   ·   Employment   ·   Privacy   ·   Terms and Conditions   ·   Disclosures and Disclaimers   ·   Media Sites RSS   ·   Sitemap More On InvestorPlace: Choose A Page About Us Press Center Resources Advisory Services Free Newsletters Free Reports Contact Us Advertise With Us Employment Privacy Terms and Conditions Disclosures and Disclaimers Media Sites Sitemap Financial Market Data powered by FinancialContent Services, Inc. All rights reserved. Nasdaq quotes delayed at least 15 minutes, all others at least 20 minutes. Copyright © 2017 InvestorPlace Media, LLC. All rights reserved. 9201 Corporate Blvd, Rockville, MD 20850. Richard Band John Jagerson Hilary Kramer Jon Markman Louis Navellier Bryan Perry Ken Trester Dan Wiener Richard Young Blue Chip Growth Cash Machine GameChangers Independent Adviser for Vanguard Investors Intelligence Report Maximum Options Profitable Investing SlingShot Trader Trader’s Advantage Active Trading Income Investing Growth Investing Mutual Funds & ETFs Value Hunters Options Trading
Newsroom Advertise News Alerts Weather School Closings (WJAC) My Account Search for: Select Home News Local News Top Stories National News International News Opinions Features Business News Election Marcellus Shale Health News Partner News Sports Local Sports National Sports PSU Sports News Spikes Obituaries Crime A & E Events Taste of Home Contest Classifieds Shop Weekly Circulars Grocery Coupons Gift Cards & More Half Off Deals Celebrations Celebrations Submission Clearfield-Lawrence Consolidation Home / News / Business News / JPMorgan Chase accused of paying women less than men JPMorgan Chase accused of paying women less than men Posted on Wednesday, January 18, 2017 by CNN in Business News The U.S. sued JPMorgan Chase Wednesday, accusing the nation’s largest bank of paying some women tech workers less than their male counterparts. The complaint was filed by the Labor Department. It alleges that a compliance review shows the pay of at least 93 female tech workers in the company’s investment banking unit violated an order from President Obama that prohibits federal contractors from discriminating in employment on the basis of sex. The bank denied the allegation and said it would fight the suit. “JPMorgan Chase is committed to diversity in the workplace,” said the bank’s statement. “We tried to work with the [Labor Department] regarding this matter and resolve any concerns. We are disappointed that the [department] chose to file a complaint, but look forward to presenting our evidence to a neutral decision maker.” The suit is one of two charging discrimination that were filed against the bank Wednesday. The U.S. Attorney in New York also filed a suit charging that the bank charged higher rates and fees to minority borrowers who received home loans from 2006 to 2009. The bank said it has settled that charge and that the rates and fees charged borrowers in that case were set by mortgage brokers not employed by the bank, not by the bank itself. The biggest winners and losers from Trumponomics Trump scores PR win against automakers, but can he take credit for the jobs? Related Posts How the town hall presidential debate works StubHub sells record-high ticket to Game 7 of NBA Finals Should I open up a credit card in college? Visiting D.C.? How to escape the crowds Leave a Reply Cancel reply You must be logged in to post a comment. Jobs from Indeed What: Where: jobs by gantdaily.com Carambola © 2014 GantDaily.com. All rights reserved. About | Contact | Privacy Policy | Terms & Cond Top
  Register Sign In × Sign In Register home practice areas + − Appellate Class Actions & Product Liability Corporate & Securities Intellectual Property Labor & Employment The Legal Industry + − Contributors Law Firms In House Law Schools alm intelligence Rankings resources events About Us Contact Us Advertise Privacy Policy eNewsletters Subscribe FOLLOW US facebook twitter linkedin rss feed All Practice Areas Appellate Class Actions & Product Liability Corporate & Securities Intellectual Property Labor & Employment Industry News Contributors Law Firms In House Law Schools practice areas All Practice Areas Appellate Class Actions & Product Liability Corporate & Securities Intellectual Property Labor & Employment The Legal Industry Industry News Contributors Law Firms In House Law Schools Rankings resources Jury Awards $51.5M in Lockheed Martin Age Discrimination Suit Charles Toutant New Jersey Law Journal CONTINUE Big Law and the Business of Blockchains (a Tale of Three Bs) Ian Lopez Legaltech News That Time When Mary Tyler Moore Went to (TV) Jail Leigh Jones The National Law Journal Former KWM partners sent second office clear-up request ahead of SRA inspection Rose Walker Legal Week Lawyers Spar Over Rex Tillerson Depo in Climate Change Class Action Ross Todd The Recorder The Push for Pay Equity › Law Firms a ‘Petri Dish’ for Bias, Gender Inequity By Lizzy McLellan| Plaintiffs Lawyers May Struggle to Cash In on Pay Equity Suits Decades After Wolf Block Suit, Ezold Calls For More Gender Bias Litigation Professional Services Firms Increasingly a Target of Pay Equity Suits Instant Insights LATEST LEGAL HEADLINES Florida DEP Official Joins Foley & Lardner as State Reveals Payments of Millions to both Foley and Latham Monika Gonzalez Mesa Daily Business Review Florida Law Prof Who Heads Children’s Law Clinic Arrested for Child Abuse Karen Sloan Daily Business Review Trio of Millionaires Tops Trump SCOTUS Shortlist Tony Mauro and Marcia Coyle The National Law Journal 'I Beg You to Recuse Me': Anna Nicole Smith Judge Finally Gets His Wish John Council Texas Lawyer Here are the Top 10 Lifestyle Law Schools ALM Staff Law.Com In Corporate Cyber-risk Planning, Legal Takes the Helm Ricci Dipshan Legaltech News Preparing Lawyers to be Practice-Ready in a Tech-Driven World Gabrielle Orum Hernández Legaltech News PRACTICE UPDATES Latest Practice Areas Justices Reject Redefinition of Charging Liens Tom McParland Injured at Employer’s Holiday Party? No Workers’ Comp Benefits (in North Carolina). Steven A. Meyerowitz, Esq., Director, FC&S Legal Year in Review: 2016 Cases Will Not Hinder Litigation Funding John Harabedian MORE NEWS Appellate Corporate and Securities Intellectual Property Labor and Employment Class Actions and Product Liability MORE NEWS PRACTITIONER INSIGHTS Injunction of the DOL's Overtime Rule and Its Appeal Tim K. Garrett Law Journal Newsletters The Athlete in Family Matters Lynne Strober and Elisabete M. Rocha Law Journal Newsletters Best Practices in Data Security for Financial Institutions Craig Nazzaro Law Journal Newsletters The Meaning of 'Sex': LGBTQ Rights Under the Legal Microscope Christopher A. D'Angelo Law Journal Newsletters Popular     'I Beg You to Recuse Me': Anna Nicole Smith Judge Finally Gets His Wish Here are the Top 10 Lifestyle Law Schools Injunction of the DOL's Overtime Rule and Its Appeal Three Things to Know About Neil Gorsuch, SCOTUS Front-Runner Attorney Accused of Copying NFL Concussion Complaint in Suit Against WWE PRACTITIONER INSIGHTS Far-Flung Places: The Travails and Travels of a Product Liability Litigator Common Sense Investing Isn’t So Common Defend Trade Secrets Act: Considerations for the Year Ahead A Constitutional Checklist Expedite your Settlement Using Bracketing CONTINUE FEATURED FIRMS Law Offices of Joe Bornstein 5 Moulton St, Portland, ME 04101 207-772-4624 | www.joebornstein.com The Mike Slocumb Law Firm 111 S. Calvert Street Suite 2700, Baltimore, MD 21202 334-741-4110 | www.slocumblaw.com Pasternack Tilker Ziegler Walsh Stanton & Romano L.L.P. 233 Broadway, New York, NY 10279 212-341-7900 | www.workerslaw.com HOT SEAT Ohio Innocence Project Handed $15 Million Donation When Work and Politics Collide, What Is an Employer to Do? 25 Years Later: Anita Hill On Sexual Harassment, Pay Equity and Title IX Federal Circuit Slams Acacia for Fostering Attorney Conflict ‘Blurred Lines’ Lawyer Keeps On Rocking the Recording Industry CONTINUE SOCIAL Tweets by @lawdotcom © 2017 ALM Media Properties, LLC. All Rights Reserved Privacy Policy | ALM License Agreement Sections Practice Areas The Legal Industry Insights Resources Tools Search Legal Dictionary Mobile App Site Map Law.com About ALM Reprints Contact Us Terms of Use Privacy Policy Law.com Law Journal Newsletters The American Lawyer Litigation Daily Asian Lawyer Corporate Counsel Legaltech News The National Law Journal Legal Times The Supreme Court Brief Commercial Litigation Insider Connecticut Law Tribune Daily Business Review (FL) Delaware Law Weekly Delaware Business Court Insider Daily Report (GA) The Legal Intelligencer (PA) New Jersey Law Journal New York Law Journal The Recorder (CA) Texas Lawyer ALM Network of Legal Publications, Events, Research, and Intelligence Tools + LIST SITES © 2017 ALM Media Properties, LLC. All Rights Reserved.
X Edition: United States Business Business Home Legal Deals Aerospace & Defense Finance Autos Reuters Summits ADventures Data Dive Markets Markets Home U.S. Markets European Markets Asian Markets Global Market Data Indices Stocks Bonds Currencies Commodities Futures Funds Earnings Dividends World World Home U.S. Special Reports Reuters Investigates Euro Zone Middle East China Japan Mexico Brazil Africa Russia India Politics Politics Home Polling Explorer Just In: Election 2016 What Voters Want Supreme Court Tech Technology Home Science Top 100 Global Innovators Media Environment Innovation Commentary Commentary Home Podcasts Breakingviews Breakingviews Home Breakingviews Video Money Money Home Retirement Lipper Awards Analyst Research Stock Screener Fund Screener Life Health Sports Arts Entertainment Oddly Enough Pictures Pictures Home The Wider Image Photographers Focus 360 Video Trump-triggered trading bonanza looks set to continue Africa América Latina عربي Argentina Brasil Canada 中国 Deutschland España France India Italia 日本 México РОССИЯ United Kingdom United States Hedge Funds | Wed Jan 18, 2017 | 12:54pm EST Trump-triggered trading bonanza looks set to continue People pass the JP Morgan Chase & Co. Corporate headquarters in the Manhattan borough of New York City, May 20, 2015. REUTERS/Mike Segar By Jamie McGeever and Anjuli Davies | LONDON LONDON Donald Trump's surprise U.S. presidential election victory sparked a frenzy of trading and hedging late last year that boosted top U.S. banks' revenue by 26 percent, according to Reuters calculations, and looks set to keep driving activity. Leading U.S. banks JP Morgan Chase (JPM.N), Bank of America Merrill Lynch (BAC.N), Citi (C.N), Morgan Stanley (MS.N) and Goldman Sachs (GS.N) collectively raked in $18.3 billion (15 billion pounds) from fixed income, currencies and commodity (FICC) and equity trading in the last three months of 2016. That was up from around $14.5 billion the year before and driven by investors navigating increasingly murky global politics and a fragile bond market. Growth was particularly strong in FICC, which saw a 41 percent increase in what is traditionally the slowest quarter of the year. Equities trading grew 5 percent. European banks will report their fourth quarter results in the coming weeks and are also expected to have enjoyed a trading boost, also driven by the surprising Brexit vote in June. Despite reservations about his isolationist and protectionist bent, investors quickly latched onto Trump's pro-growth agenda and reflationary policies. Stocks, bond yields and the dollar surged, with Wall Street hitting record highs. "The Trump effect created a massive move in volatility and volumes, and it's carrying on. I think it could be a good year because the Trump effect is still there, and will probably be the story of the first 90 days of the year. That will carry us to the summer, then we'll see," said Patrick George, EMEA Head of Markets at HSBC in London. Trump's pledge to loosen fiscal policy through higher spending and tax cuts helped accelerate a global sell-off in bonds already underway on the view that central banks' super-easy monetary and credit policies may be drawing to a close. The Federal Reserve raised U.S. interest rates in December, only the second hike in a decade, while its Japanese and European peers are still implementing loose monetary policy. The bond sell-off and policy divergence was a cash-generator for banks despite tighter regulation on their activities in these markets. Bank Of America's finance chief, Paul Donofrio, predicted his bank could produce an additional $600 million in the current quarter from higher interest rates, with further gains anticipated throughout the year. "There are events out there that will drive volatility and potentially an increase in the volume of transactions, the same way we saw in the second half of 2016 after Brexit," said HSBC's George. FX AND RATES As well as Trump laying out his economic policies, markets will take their cue from the upcoming French election and the formal start of Britain's exit from the European Union. Fixed income and currency markets is where much of the action is expected to take place. According to electronic broker ICAP, the daily average trading volume of U.S. Treasuries in November soared 46 percent to $214 billion, while Chicago futures markets show bets on 10-year U.S. Treasuries prices falling are the highest since records began over 20 years ago. ICAP figures also showed that trading volume on its EBS platform, where the majority of euro, Japanese yen and Swiss franc trading against the dollar is done, rose by 52 percent in November to a daily average $115 billion. Analysts at RBC Capital markets say the near-term outlook for capital markets business is "bright", due to increased optimism over the U.S. economy. Most banks have indicated the start of the first quarter this year is stronger than last year. Goldman Sachs' banking analysts assume at least a 10 percent rise in FICC and equity trading revenues. But banks shouldn't be complacent, warns David Myers, head of capital markets, Deloitte UK. "Bankers cannot rely on volatile revenues to deliver consistently higher returns," Myers said, adding that banks will still be looking to strip out more costs in 2017. (Editing by Elaine Hardcastle; Graphics by Vikram Subhedar) Next In Hedge Funds Hedge in the cloud: funds outsourcing computing power step into unknown LONDON Tucked into the attic of a Georgian building in London's West End, seven people run a $200 million hedge fund following artificial intelligence formulas. But the supercomputers that process their complex algorithms are nowhere to be seen. Hedge fund Eclectica betting on break up of EU LONDON Scottish hedge fund manager Hugh Hendry is betting on a break-up of the European Union in a trade he said could deliver 30-35 percent gains, the Reuters Global Investment Outlook Summit heard on Monday. Omega's Einhorn sees Trump's policies boosting stocks NEW YORK U.S. stocks are poised to climb more in 2017 as the policies of Republican President-elect Donald Trump are likely to boost earnings, Steven Einhorn, vice chairman of Hedge fund Omega Advisors, said on Monday. MORE FROM REUTERS Sponsored Content From Around the Web Promoted by Taboola Trending Stories Pictures Photos of the week Sponsored Topics X Follow Reuters: Follow Us On Twitter Follow Us On Facebook Follow Us On RSS Follow Us On Instagram Follow Us On YouTube Follow Us On LinkedIn Subscribe: Feeds | Newsletters | Podcasts | Apps Reuters News Agency | Brand Attribution Guidelines Reuters is the news and media division of Thomson Reuters. Thomson Reuters is the world's largest international multimedia news agency, providing investing news, world news, business news, technology news, headline news, small business news, news alerts, personal finance, stock market, and mutual funds information available on Reuters.com, video, mobile, and interactive television platforms. Learn more about Thomson Reuters products: Eikon Information, analytics and exclusive news on financial markets - delivered in an intuitive desktop and mobile interface Elektron Everything you need to empower your workflow and enhance your enterprise data management World-Check Screen for heightened risk individual and entities globally to help uncover hidden risks in business relationships and human networks Westlaw Build the strongest argument relying on authoritative content, attorney-editor expertise, and industry defining technology ONESOURCE The most comprehensive solution to manage all your complex and ever-expanding tax and compliance needs CHECKPOINT The industry leader for online information for tax, accounting and finance professionals All quotes delayed a minimum of 15 minutes. See here for a complete list of exchanges and delays. Site Feedback Corrections Advertising Guidelines Cookies Terms of Use Privacy Policy
null
News Election 2016 Americas UK World Europe Business Voices Comment Robert Fisk Mark Steel Grace Dent Holly Baxter Campaigns Editorials Letters Sports US sports Soccer Tennis Boxing Formula 1 WWE Culture Film TV Music Books Lifestyle Fashion Food + drink Travel Health + families Love + sex Tech Gaming Tech culture Tech news US election Daily Edition Subscribe for a free trial Read Now UK Edition US Edition Sign in Register Subscriptions News Election 2016 World US UK Europe People Science Health Business Voices Comment Robert Fisk Mark Steel Grace Dent Holly Baxter Campaigns Editorials Letters Sports US sports Soccer Cricket Tennis Boxing Formula 1 Culture Books Film TV Music Art Theatre & Dance Comedy Lifestyle Food & drink Health & families Love & sex Motoring Student Travel Fashion Tech Gaming Tech culture Tech news Video Explainer videos News videos People & culture videos Sport videos IndyBest Fashion & Beauty Homes & Design Food & Drink Gadgets & Tech Outdoor & Activity Arts & Books Travel Money Health insurance Investments Extras The Independent Books Puzzles indy100 Apps Ebooks iJobs Dating Follow us: We use cookies to enhance your visit to our site and to bring you advertisements that might interest you. Read our Privacy and Cookie Policies to find out more. News Business Business News Wall Street gets a Donald Trump windfall as Goldman Sachs and Citigroup profit from volatile trading Bond trading revenues tripled at Goldman as investors placed bets on the direction of interest rates following the US election Dakin Campbell Wednesday 18 January 2017 16:57 BST Click to follow The Independent Online Goldman Sachs is one of the major city firms helping fund the 'In' campaign AP Goldman Sachs and Citigroup both reported fourth-quarter profit that surpassed analysts’ estimates as a bond-trading revival spurred by Donald Trump’s surprise victory lifted earnings across Wall Street. The two firms were the last of the major US banks to report results, with JPMorgan, Morgan Stanley and Bank of America posting gains as investors placed bets on the direction of interest rates and the economy after the November US election. Citigroup’s profit rose 7.1 per cent on a 36 per cent jump in fixed-income revenue, while earnings at New York-based Goldman Sachs more than tripled, with bond trading up 78 per cent. Citigroup chief executive Michael Corbat and Goldman Sachs boss Lloyd Blankfein have been cutting costs and restructuring management to adjust to stricter capital requirements and a revenue downturn since the financial crisis. Goldman Sachs’s 2016 revenue was the lowest in five years, though investors and analysts are speculating the firm’s trading operations could be one of the biggest beneficiaries of Mr Trump’s policies. Read more Goldman Sachs president expected to be economic council director “The benefits from higher interest rates, accelerating capital deployment and historically low credit costs have been evident throughout the large-cap US bank earnings releases,” Marty Mosby, an analyst at Vining-Sparks IBG, said in a note. “The fundamental story remains intact.” Goldman Sachs was the biggest gainer in the Dow Jones Industrial Average since the 8 November election, surging 30 per cent to Tuesday, and the KBW Bank Index of 24 US lenders advanced 20 per cent.  Read more Goldman Sachs president expected to be economic council director Former Goldman Sachs banker confirms he will be US Treasury Secretary Trump to tap ex-Goldman banker Steven Mnuchin as Treasury Secretary BT, Brexit, Goldman Sachs: Business news in brief, Tuesday 22 November Stephen Bannon not anti-Semitic as he worked at Goldman Sachs Fourth-quarter net income at Goldman Sachs rose to $2.35bn (£1.91bn) from $765m a year earlier. Earnings at New York-based Citigroup climbed to $3.57bn from $3.34bn. Citigroup’s revenue from handling bonds, currencies and commodities was $3.01bn in the quarter, excluding an accounting adjustment from that period. That was the highest since before the financial crisis, according to data compiled by Bloomberg, and better than the $2.83bn estimated by analysts. Goldman Sachs’s fixed-income revenue climbed to $2bn, exceeding the $1.59bn estimate. Business picture of the day 33 show all Business picture of the day 1/33 Tesco to buy wholesaler Booker in £3.7bn deal to create 'UK's leading food business' - Friday January 27 Britain's biggest retailer announced that it was merging with Booker, the UK's top food wholesaler, in a £3.7bn deal. In a joint statement, the two companies said that the combined group would bring benefits for consumers, independent retailers, caterers, small businesses, suppliers, and colleagues, and deliver “significant value to shareholders”. Tesco 2/33 Tobacco giant Imperial Brands scraps chief executive pay rise - Thursday January 26 The chief executive of Imperial Brands, the maker of Gauloises and Winston cigarettes, is unlikely to get a pay rise this year in what seems to be another battle over boardroom greed. Alison Cooper received a total pay package of £5.5m in the last financial year, up from £3.6m the year before. ADVERTISING inRead invented by Teads READ MORE Link between high executive pay and performance ‘negligible’ A new pay policy that would have had the effect of taking Ms Cooper’s remuneration to £8.5m in 2017 was expected to be put to a shareholders’ vote on 1 February. However, in an announcement to the stock exchange on Thursday, Imperial Brands said it would not put the policy to a vote as originally planned. Rex 3/33 The Dow Jones Industrial Average has just reached 20,000 points for the first time ever - Wednesday January 25 Wall Street's Dow Jones Industrial Average stock index on Wednesday hit the 20,000 mark for the first time in its history. In morning trading in the US, the index added around 0.5 percent to surpass the psychologically important threshold and take its gains since this time last year to 23.8 per cent according to Thomson Reuters data. Thomson Reuters Eikon 4/33 HSBC to close 62 high street branches in 2017 resulting in up to 180 job cuts - Tuesday January 24 HSBC plans to close 62 branches this year, resulting in up to 180 job losses, in response to the rising popularity of online and mobile banking, the bank announced on Tuesday. In a statement, HSBC said that over the past five years, the number of customers using HSBC branches had fallen by almost 40 per cent and 93 per cent of customers’ contact with the bank is now done on the telephone, internet or via smartphone. A total of 97 per cent of cash withdrawals are made via an ATM. Getty Images 5/33 Theresa May criticised by top economists for trying to ‘have her cake and eat it' with Brexit - Wednesday January 18 Top economists and strategists have warned that Theresa May’s vision of Brexit lacks credibility and clarity, a day after the Prime Minister delivered an agenda-setting speech on Britain’s future outside the EU. In her speech in London on Tuesday, Ms May confirmed that Britain will leave the EU’s single market to regain control of immigration policy and said that she wants to renegotiate the UK’s customs agreement and seek a transition period to phase in changes all while remaining a “best friend” to the bloc. Getty 6/33 Fiat loses $2.3bn in stock value plunge after diesel emissions accusation - Thursday January 12 Shares in Fiat Chrysler plunged on Thursday after US authorities said that the carmaker had violated the Clean Air Act by allowing excess diesel emissions in some vehicles. The US Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) accused the company of using software that allowed excess diesel emissions in just over 100,000 US trucks and SUVs sold since 2014. READ MORE Six senior Volkswagen employees charged over emissions scandal Shares listed in Europe were recently trading around 18 per cent lower on the day. Shares in the US fell 16 per cent before being halted from trading, wiping $2.3bn (£1.88bn) off the company's market value. 7/33 Rising inequality behind Brexit and Trump victory is top global threat for the next decade, says WEF - Wednesday January 11 A rise in global income inequality, that already helped spur the Brexit vote and Donald Trump’s election victory, are expected to shape world developments over the next decade, according to the World Economic Forum. For a report published ahead of its annual summit in Davos next week, the WEF surveyed 750 risk experts and found that rising income and wealth disparity were cited as the most important trends in determining global developments over the next 10 years. Getty 8/33 Mayor Sadiq Khan axes new Routemaster bus from the streets of London - Friday January 6 London Mayor Sadiq Khan has ended any hopes to purchase new Routemasters bus for the capital's streets as he tries to balance the books on London's transport budget. Once called 'Boris buses' named after his the previous mayor, every bus would cost around £350,000 each, or around £50,000 more than an ordinary bus. But the new mayor has promised to freeze purchases of the vehicles, which were criticised for being expensive and sauna-like conditions. Getty Images 9/33 FTSE closes 2015 at record high - Friday December 31 Britain’s blue chip FTSE 100 set a new record on the last day of trading of 2016 after climbing to record closing highs for two consecutive days. The blue-chip index gained 22 points or 0.3 per cent, to finish at 7142 points on Friday, its third closing high in as many days and a new intraday high. AP 10/33 Hatton Garden: London’s famous diamond quarter under threat from Brexit and rent hikes - Thursday December 29 London’s world famous jewellery quarter could face extinction due to soaring business rates, rent rises and the aftermath of Brexit. Hatton Garden was the centre of the world's diamond market, but traders are fighting to bring back the glory days, as they are squeezed by rising rents and the uncertainty created by the UK vote to leave the EU. Reuters 11/33 World's oldest bank Monte dei Paschi di Siena on brink of £17bn Italian state bailout - Thursday December 22 The world’s oldest bank, Monte dei Paschi di Siena, is poised for a multi-billion state bailout after it admitted on Wednesday that a private rescue plan was unlikely to succeed. The Italian parliament looks set to step in to save Monte dei Paschi di Siena, recently judged the weakest of the European Union's major banks, over the next few days using a new €20bn (£17bn) rescue fund designed to prop up Italy's struggling lenders. Getty Images 12/33 NHS overcharged by 12,000% for hydrocortisone tablets by drug company Actavis, CMA claims - Friday December 16 Pharmaceutical company Actavis has been accused of overcharging the NHS by raising the price of hydrocortisone tablets by more than 12,000 per cent over the course of eight years. Hydrocortisone tablets are used by people with adrenal insufficiency, a life-threatening condition where their adrenal glands do not produce enough natural steroid hormones. AFP/Getty 13/33 Solar power becoming world's cheapest form of electricity production - Thursday December 15 Solar power is becoming the cheapest way to generate electricity, according to leading analysts. Data produced by Bloomberg New Energy Finance (BNEF) showed the cost of solar in 58 lower-income countries – including China, Brazil and India – had fallen to about a third of levels in 2010 and was now slightly cheaper than wind energy. Jungle Herbs & Spices/Facebook 14/33 Italy’s largest bank Unicredit plans to slash 14,000 jobs over next two years - Tuesday December 13 Getty 15/33 Donald Trump knocks $3.5bn off Lockheed Martin market value with one tweet - Monday December 12 Barely a week after taking shots at Boeing, Donald Trump took aim at Lockheed Martin's F-35 fighter jet programme, saying the cost was "out of control".Following the tweet on Monday morning, shares of the aerospace company plunged by more than 4 per cent in early trade. Based on the number of shares outstanding, the tweet has shaved just over $3.5bn from Lockheed's market value. Getty 16/33 Brexit: Banks in 'advanced talks' over mass move to Paris, says French regulator - Thursday December 8 Leading international UK-based banks are in advanced stages of planning to shift operations to Paris as London braces for the impact of Brexit, France's chief financial regulator has said. Paris is among a number of European cities seeking to woo firms considering a move away from London to maintain their access to EU markets, and faces competition from Dublin, Frankfurt and Luxembourg, among others. Reuters 17/33 Pfizer fined record £84.2m for overcharging NHS 2600% -Wednesday December 7 Drug firms Pfizer and Flynn Pharma have been fined nearly £90m by the UK’s competition watchdog for “unfair” pricing to the NHS after hiking up the cost of an anti-epilepsy drug by up to 2,600 per cent. The Competition and Markets Authority (CMA) said these “extraordinary price rises” have costs taxpayers “tens of millions of pounds”. Getty 18/33 Prime Minister Theresa May visits constituency ahead of Small Business Saturday - Friday December2 The prime minister, Theresa May, visits butcher J&S Rook in her constituency of Maidenhead, ahead of Small Business Saturday Stefan Wermuth PA Wire/PA Images 19/33 Oil prices soar as Opec countries agree first oil output cut in eight years - Wednesday November 30 Opec countries have agreed their first supply cut in eight years, sending the price of crude surging more than 8%. 20/33 Stores far from overwhelmed as Black Friday sales begins - November 25 People stream into the Apple store on 5th Avenue on Black Friday in New York . Crowds were thin at U.S. malls and stores on Black Friday morning, formerly the traditional start of the holiday shopping season, with stores opening earlier and online sales expected to take the biggest share of gains in retail sales over last year. In the New York and Chicago areas, shoppers said stores were less busy than previous years on the day after the Thanksgiving holiday. The pictures similar in the UK the action has shifted from high street stores to become a predominantly online event Reuters 21/33 Nintendo shares jump after it announces the launch date for Super Mario Run - Wednesday 16 November The hugely anticipated game is an attempt to capitalise on the smartphone gaming market after the phenomenal success of Pokemon Go. Getty 22/33 Pound rises as High Court rules against Theresa May triggering Article 50 without Parliament - Thursday November 3 The pound has risen against all of its major peers on Thursday after the Government announced it cannot trigger Article 50 without parliament approval and the Bank of England said it is no longer expecting to cut interest rates this year. 23/33 Heathrow third runway poses ‘serious obstacle’ to fight against climate change - Tuesday October 25 Environmental groups expressed dismay at the Government’s decision to give a third runway at the airport the go-ahead – and Greenpeace vowed to challenge it in the courts. Allowing Heathrow to expand will create “a serious obstacle” to meeting the UK’s commitments on climate change and reducing air pollution, a leading scientist has warned. Reclaim the Power 24/33 Nearly 10,000 people in China apply for one job - Monday October 24 Nearly ten thousands Chinese jobseekers are competing for one position: an officer worker at a political organisation.China's annual civil service recruitment drive began on October 15, with more than 27,000 vacancies on offer in over 120 central departments - drawing about 1.4 million applicants this year. Job seekers registering for the civil exams are required to pick the positions they are most interested in when they sign up for the test but one job was more popular than others. China's annual civil service recruitment drive began on October 15, with more than 27,000 vacancies on offer in over 120 central departments - drawing about 1.4 million applicants this year. Reuters 25/33 Price of wine set to soar as production nears 20-year low - Friday 21 October Vineyard manager Antonio Navarro looks at grapes ready to be harvested at the Casa Bianchi vineyard in San Rafael Reuters 26/33 Banks consider ‘moving London staff to Luxembourg to get access to EU’ - Wednesday 19 October The head of financial development for Luxembourg said a string of overseas banks and fund managers had explored moving London staff to the tiny country since the Brexit vote. Nicolas Mackel said there had been “strong interest” from US and other non-EU firms assessing their options since June’s referendum. Rex 27/33 The pound falls below €1.10 for the first time since March 2010 - Monday October 17 The pound has fallen below €1.10 for the first time in six and a half years, since March 2010. Sterling has been under pressure since Britain voted to leave the European Union. The pound has fallen by almost 20% against the against the dollar since the Brexit vote, trading below $1.22 and €1.10 on Monday. 28/33 Brexit: US banks are planning exodus from the UK, French minister says - Friday October 14 French finance Minister Michel Sapin said that US banks had confirmed to him they would move some activities out of Britain to other European countries as the UK prepares to leave the EU. Sapin revealed that the executives of major US banks have told him they were working on contingency plans, after their meeting last week in Washington. 29/33 Tesco running out of products like Marmite and PG Tips amid Brexit price row with Unilever - Thursday October 13 Tesco has removed a number of popular products such as Marmite, Bovril and PG Tips from its online store following a price row with supplier Unilever over the plunging pound. Multinational household goods giant Unilever has reportedly demanded a 10 per cent price rise in its products, including those made in the UK, to offset the higher cost of imported goods. Reuters 30/33 FTSE falls after record mid-session high - Wednesday October 12 Britain's index of leading shares slipped on Wednesday from record highs reached in the previous session, partly reflecting currency moves which weighed on some of its global companies The blue-chip FTSE 100 equity index, which hit a record high of 7,129.83 points on Tuesday, fell 0.5 percent to 7,038.22 points. The FTSE 250 mid-cap index fell 0.4 percent but also remained near record highs reached this month. The dollar dipped while sterling rebounded a touch from a brutal sell-off this month, as British Prime Minister Theresa May's offer to give lawmakers some scrutiny of the process behind Britain's plans to leave the European Union calmed market fears of a "hard Brexit". Getty Images 31/33 Samsung Galaxy Note 7 permanently discontinued - Tuesday October 11 Samsung finally bowed to pressure, permanently ceasing production of its fire-prone Galaxy Note 7. The move came after replacement versions of its flagship phone phone - which Samsung claimed were safe - also burst into flames. October 12 2016. Reuters 32/33 Oliver Hart and Bengt Holmström awarded Nobel prize for economics - Monday October 10 Two academics recognised for their work on contract theory, which can be applied to everything from CEO pay to privatisations. Getty Images 33/33 Pound value plunges 6% in 2 minutes in mysterious flash crash - Friday October 7 The British pound has suffered a sudden collapse hitting a new 31-year low against the US dollar in mysterious circumstances, sparking market chaos in “insane” early trading. The drop was sterling's biggest since Britain voted to leave the EU in June. Sterling plunged more than 6 per cent to $1.1841 in two minutes, prompting traders to speculate about a possible trigger. Citigroup chief financial officer John Gerspach said on a conference call that “good client activity” continued into the first weeks of January. In equity trading, Citigroup’s revenue rose 15 per cent to $694m, while Goldman Sachs’s fell 9.2 per cent to $1.59bn. The UK’s Big four banks -- Lloyd’s, Barclays, HSBC and Royal Bank of Scotland -- are all due to report earnings in the third week of February. Bloomberg More about: Goldman Sachs Donald Trump Reuse content Comments Most Popular Video Sponsored Features Follow us: User Policies Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Code of Conduct Complaint Form Contact Us Contributors All Topics Archive Newsletters Jobs Subscriptions Advertising Guide Syndication Evening Standard Novaya Gazeta Install our Apps Close We've noticed that you are using an ad blocker. Advertising helps fund our journalism and keep it truly independent. It helps to build our international editorial team, from war correspondents to investigative reporters, commentators to critics. Click here to view instructions on how to disable your ad blocker, and help us to keep providing you with free-thinking journalism - for free. Thank you for your support. How to disable your ad blocker for independent.co.uk Adblock / Adblock Plus Click the Adblock/Adblock Plus icon, which is to the right of your address bar. On Adblock click "Don't run on pages on this domain". On Adblock Plus click "Enabled on this site" to disable ad blocking for the current website you are on. If you are in Firefox click "disable on independent.co.uk". Firefox Tracking Protection If you are Private Browsing in Firefox, "Tracking Protection" may cause the adblock notice to show. It can be temporarily disabled by clicking the "shield" icon in the address bar. Ghostery Click the Ghostery icon. In versions before 6.0 click "whitelist site". In version 6.0 click "trust site" or add independent.co.uk to your Trusted Site list. In versions before 6.0 you will see the message "Site is whitelisted". Click "reload the page to see your changes". uBlock Click the uBlock icon. Then click the big power button to whitelist the current web site, and its state will be remembered next time you visit the web site. Then reload the page. Close Thank you for supporting independent.co.uk Continue to our site
Top News U.S. News World News Voices Entertainment Movies Music TV Odd News Defense Energy Sports Fantasy Football NFL NBA MLB NHL Golf Tennis College Football College Basketball Science Health Photos Latest Photos 2016 Olympics News Entertainment Sports Features Archives Archive The Almanac Search Home / Top News / U.S. News DOJ accuses JPMorgan Chase of mortgage discrimination By Allen Cone   |   Jan. 18, 2017 at 11:42 AM Follow @upi Comments | License Photo Jan. 18 (UPI) -- The federal government is accusing JPMorgan Chase & Co. of discriminating against "thousands" of minority borrowers by charging them higher rates and fees on home mortgage loans between 2006 and late 2009. The Justice Department filed a lawsuit Wednesday in a Manhattan federal court, accusing the nationwide bank of violating U.S. Fair Housing Act and the Equal Credit Opportunity Act from 2006-09. The government says at least 53,000 black and Hispanic borrowers were charged "tens of millions of dollars" more than white borrowers "with the same credit and risk profile." The average additional amount was $1,126 on a loan of $191,000 for black borrowers and for Hispanic clients $968 more on an average loan of $236,800, according to the suit. "Chase's pattern of discrimination has been intentional and willful, and has been implemented with reckless disregard of the rights of African-American and Hispanic borrowers," the lawsuit says. The lawsuit was filed by U.S. attorney Preet Bharara of the Southern District of New York in Manhattan. JPMorgan Chase denied the allegations in a response filed in court. The U.S. government sought damages for borrowers as well as civil penalties and an order preventing further discrimination. In the suit, Chase reported approximately 360,000 mortgage loans through brokers, of which 40,000 were made to African Americans and 66,000 to Hispanics. The bank originated loans through its retail branches and a wholesale network of mortgage brokers. Chase stopped originating loans through the brokers in 2009. Chase continues the discrimination despite knowing about the violations, the suit charged. "Chase regularly monitored between 2006 and 2009 the race and national origin disparities that existed in the total compensation it charges on wholesale mortgage loans, and it knew or should have known that race and national origin disparities in the total compensation it charged existed throughout the period on the national level and in multiple regional markets," the suit alleges. "By failing to adequately address these disparities based on race and national origin, Chase continued to engage in lending discrimination." USA vs. JPMorgan Chase (PDF) USA vs. JPMorgan Chase (Text) Like us on Facebook for more stories from UPI.com   Related UPI Stories European Commission fines JP Morgan Chase, HSBC, Credit Agricole $520M for collusion Wells Fargo splits CEO, chair jobs in wake of scandal JPMorgan to pay $264M to settle federal bribery case, reports say AG nominee Sessions finds support, opposition on second day of hearing Comments Trending UPI Pulitzer Prizes: The stories behind the pictures and words Trending Trump Tower visitors: a guest list in photos Latest Headlines Trump, Nieto talk by phone, agree to keep talks of wall payment private 1 hour ago ago Jan. 27 (UPI) -- Less than 48 hours after President Trump ordered a new wall for the U.S.-Mexico border, he spoke to Mexico's leader by phone Friday and smoothed out the edges. President Trump: What the new White House has done so far 2 hours ago ago Jan. 27 (UPI) -- In his first days in office, President Donald Trump has taken action on issues including healthcare, abortion, trade and oil pipelines. Trump signs orders to beef-up military, toughen visa checks for refugees 4 hours ago ago Jan. 27 (UPI) -- President Trump made good on two more campaign promises Friday -- to strengthen the military and ramp up vetting of foreign nationals seeking a U.S. visa. Trump, British PM May tout cooperation, shared vision at White House meeting 7 hours ago ago Jan. 27 (UPI) -- President Trump began showing his diplomatic side during a joint news conference with British Prime Minister Theresa May at the White House. Full text, video of VP Mike Pence's March for Life remarks 7 hours ago ago Jan. 27 (UPI) -- Vice President Mike Pence told thousands of abortion opponents gathered in Washington, D.C., that "life is winning again in America." UPI Latest Trending Stories Duterte apologizes for police killing of South Korean businessman China displays new version of bomber ahead of national holiday Watch live: Theresa May, Donald Trump hold press conference Terry Edwards executed in Texas for 2002 double murder Fugitive on FBI 'most wanted' list for '83 Texas murder surrenders More Collections Dow breaks 20,000 for the first time in history Activists protest oil pipelines after President Trump's executive orders Trump administration's first days Inauguration Day in America Explore UPI Top News Entertainment News Odd News Sports News Science News Health News News Photos World News U.S. News Energy News Defense News UPI Archives United Press International United Press International is a leading provider of news, photos and information to millions of readers around the globe via UPI.com and its licensing services. With a history of reliable reporting dating back to 1907, today's UPI is a credible source for the most important stories of the day, continually updated  - a one-stop site for U.S. and world news, as well as entertainment, trends, science, health and stunning photography. UPI also provides insightful reports on key topics of geopolitical importance, including energy and security. Stay up to Date Contact Advertise Online with UPI Submit News Tips Feedback Copyright © 2017 United Press International, Inc. All Rights Reserved. TERMS OF USE | PRIVACY POLICY
X Edition: United States Business Business Home Legal Deals Aerospace & Defense Finance Autos Reuters Summits ADventures Data Dive Markets Markets Home U.S. Markets European Markets Asian Markets Global Market Data Indices Stocks Bonds Currencies Commodities Futures Funds Earnings Dividends World World Home U.S. Special Reports Reuters Investigates Euro Zone Middle East China Japan Mexico Brazil Africa Russia India Politics Politics Home Polling Explorer Just In: Election 2016 What Voters Want Supreme Court Tech Technology Home Science Top 100 Global Innovators Media Environment Innovation Commentary Commentary Home Podcasts Breakingviews Breakingviews Home Breakingviews Video Money Money Home Retirement Lipper Awards Analyst Research Stock Screener Fund Screener Life Health Sports Arts Entertainment Oddly Enough Pictures Pictures Home The Wider Image Photographers Focus 360 Video UPDATE 2-JPMorgan Chase hit with gov't lawsuit for pay discrimination Africa América Latina عربي Argentina Brasil Canada 中国 Deutschland España France India Italia 日本 México РОССИЯ United Kingdom United States Market News | Wed Jan 18, 2017 | 12:24pm EST UPDATE 2-JPMorgan Chase hit with gov't lawsuit for pay discrimination (Adds JPMorgan comment, graf about separate mortgage lawsuit) By Daniel Wiessner Jan 18 The U.S. government on Wednesday filed a lawsuit against JPMorgan Chase & Co claiming the bank engaged in pay discrimination against women. The U.S. Department of Labor, in a complaint filed with an administrative judge, said New York-based JPMorgan had paid at least 93 women in four different job categories less than comparable male co-workers over the last five years. The company violated an executive order prohibiting federal contractors from engaging in sex discrimination, the department said. JPMorgan has dozens of contracts with various federal agencies, according to the U.S. General Services Administration. JPMorgan spokeswoman Tasha Pelio in a statement said the company was committed to diversity in the workplace. "We are disappointed that the (department) chose to file a complaint, but look forward to presenting our evidence to a neutral decision maker," she said. The department was seeking back pay and salary adjustments for the women. The agency also said JPMorgan failed to conduct required analyses of its workforce to determine if there were pay gaps based on sex, race and other factors. The complaint comes on the same day the U.S. Justice Department filed a lawsuit in federal court in Manhattan accusing JPMorgan of discriminating against minority borrowers by allowing mortgage brokers to charge them more for home loans. The bank has agreed to pay $55 million to settle the claims, a person familiar with the matter told Reuters on Wednesday. (Reporting by Daniel Wiessner in Albany, New York, Editing by Tom Brown and Andrew Hay) Next In Market News UPDATE 1-Boeing machinists in S. Carolina to vote in February on unionizing SEATTLE, Jan 27 Boeing Co and its largest union said on Friday they had agreed on a February date for a union vote at Boeing's jetliner factory in South Carolina, setting up what is likely to be a fresh battle between the union and the world's biggest plane maker. FBI request for Twitter account data may have overstepped legal guidelines WASHINGTON, Jan 27 The FBI appeared to go beyond the scope of existing legal guidance in seeking certain kinds of internet records from Twitter as recently as last year, legal experts said, citing two warrantless surveillance orders the social media company published on Friday. Boeing, machinists set February date for S. Carolina union vote SEATTLE, Jan 27 Boeing Co and its largest union said on Friday they had agreed on a February date for a union vote at Boeing's jetliner factory in South Carolina, setting up what is likely to be a fresh battle between the union and the world's biggest plane maker. MORE FROM REUTERS Sponsored Content From Around the Web Promoted by Taboola Trending Stories Pictures Photos of the week Sponsored Topics X Follow Reuters: Follow Us On Twitter Follow Us On Facebook Follow Us On RSS Follow Us On Instagram Follow Us On YouTube Follow Us On LinkedIn Subscribe: Feeds | Newsletters | Podcasts | Apps Reuters News Agency | Brand Attribution Guidelines Reuters is the news and media division of Thomson Reuters. Thomson Reuters is the world's largest international multimedia news agency, providing investing news, world news, business news, technology news, headline news, small business news, news alerts, personal finance, stock market, and mutual funds information available on Reuters.com, video, mobile, and interactive television platforms. Learn more about Thomson Reuters products: Eikon Information, analytics and exclusive news on financial markets - delivered in an intuitive desktop and mobile interface Elektron Everything you need to empower your workflow and enhance your enterprise data management World-Check Screen for heightened risk individual and entities globally to help uncover hidden risks in business relationships and human networks Westlaw Build the strongest argument relying on authoritative content, attorney-editor expertise, and industry defining technology ONESOURCE The most comprehensive solution to manage all your complex and ever-expanding tax and compliance needs CHECKPOINT The industry leader for online information for tax, accounting and finance professionals All quotes delayed a minimum of 15 minutes. See here for a complete list of exchanges and delays. Site Feedback Corrections Advertising Guidelines Cookies Terms of Use Privacy Policy
HOME EDITION News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance CNBC Explains Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Recode Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows Watch Live CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Full Episodes More Log In | Register Log Out News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Consumer Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Halftime Portfolio Squawk Box Portfolio Take a Tour Subscribe Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance CNBC Explains Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Recode Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Special Reports CNBC Disruptor 50 FA Playbook Modern Medicine Quarterly Investment Guide FinTech CNBC Upstart 25 Retail Report Future Opportunities Your Money, Your Future Original Series Executive Edge Trading Nation Futures Now Retire Well The Pulse @ 1 Market The Bottom Line CNBC Events Davos Delivering Alpha eMerge Americas iCONIC Conference Cambridge Cyber Summit Sohn Conference Follow CNBC EDITION Register Log In Profile Email Preferences PRO Sign Out Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Halftime Portfolio Squawk Box Portfolio Take a Tour Subscribe LIVE TV Watch CNBC TV Watch CNBC Pro Watchlist X × × × Davos - World Economic Forum JPMorgan's Dimon: I wish the Chase Sapphire Reserve card had cost us more money Berkeley Lovelace Jr. | @BerkeleyJr Wednesday, 18 Jan 2017 | 11:33 AM ETCNBC.com SHARES show chapters Economic growth is crucial, regardless of political party: Jamie Dimon    Wednesday, 18 Jan 2017 | 9:31 AM ET | 02:48 JPMorgan Chase's Reserve credit card should deliver a good return despite it initially costing the bank at least $200 million to $300 million, CEO Jamie Dimon told CNBC on Wednesday. Dimon was referring to the bank's Chase Sapphire Reserve, introduced last summer, that offered a sign-up bonus worth $1,500 to people who spent $4,000 on the card in the first three months. The bonus was widely popular and brought the card a lot of attention, but it also caused the bank to take a hit to its fourth-quarter earnings after handing out so many perks. Dimon, speaking to CNBC at the World Economic Forum in Davos, Switzerland, said the card was in fact successful and that he wishes the bank lost more money. show chapters JPMorgan CEO Jamie Dimon: Trump reforms could boost economy further    Wednesday, 18 Jan 2017 | 10:32 AM ET | 02:05 "One of the fictions here is that the marketing cost ... gets booked over 12 months. The benefit of the card gets booked over 7 years. The card was so successful it cost us $200 million, but we expect that to have a good return on it. I wish it was a $400 million loss," the chief executive said on "Squawk on the Street." Earlier this month, the bank said it planned to cut the card's bonus in half, and that Jan 12. would be the last day people could earn it by applying online. On Friday, the bank reported fourth-quarter earnings that pushed well past analysts' expectations. The stock has been near 52-week highs since mid-December. Fridays' report marks the bank's first results since the Federal Reserve raised its key interest rate target in a year. The Fed is expected to raise them again three times this year. Bank stocks have rallied in recent months on expectations that President-elect Donald Trump will eliminate regulations put in place after the 2008 financial crisis. show chapters Globalization does not have to be reversed: Jamie Dimon    Wednesday, 18 Jan 2017 | 9:31 AM ET | 02:20 Berkeley Lovelace Jr.News Associate Related Securities Symbol Price   Change %Change JPM --- To view this site, you need to have JavaScript enabled in your browser, and either the Flash Plugin or an HTML5-Video enabled browser. Download the latest Flash player and try again. Playing Share this video... × Watch Next...
Channel NewsAsia Return to Mobile Site JPMorgan agrees to US$55 million settle of mortgage discrimination complaint: source News TV Connect Watch Live 0 My Playlist Sign In Menu News Asia Pacific Singapore World Business Sport Entertainment Technology Health Lifestyle Videos Weather MORE Photos Special Reports Archives Services PSI Live Shows News Schedule Features On The Ground Specials Facebook Twitter Linkedin YouTube Mobile SMS eNews RSS Return to Mobile Site Business International Business JPMorgan agrees to US$55 million settle of mortgage discrimination complaint: source JPMorgan Chase & Co has agreed to pay US$55 million to settle a U.S. Justice Department lawsuit accusing it of discriminating against minority borrowers by allowing mortgage brokers to charge them more for home loans, a person familiar with the matter said on Wednesday. Posted 18 Jan 2017 21:30 Updated 19 Jan 2017 01:30 People pass the JP Morgan Chase & Co. Corporate headquarters in the Manhattan borough of New York City, May 20, 2015. REUTERS/Mike Segar Enlarge Caption  Email More A A NEW YORK: JPMorgan Chase & Co has agreed to pay US$55 million to settle a U.S. Justice Department lawsuit accusing it of discriminating against minority borrowers by allowing mortgage brokers to charge them more for home loans, a person familiar with the matter said on Wednesday. The U.S. Justice Department complaint, filed in Manhattan federal court on Wednesday, accused the bank of willfully violating the U.S. Fair Housing Act and the Equal Credit Opportunity Act between 2006 and 2009 and showing "reckless disregard" for the rights of at least 53,000 African-American and Hispanic borrowers. "We’ve agreed to settle these legacy allegations that relate to pricing set by independent brokers," JPMorgan spokeswoman Elizabeth Seymour said. "We deny any wrongdoing and remain committed to providing equal access to credit." A spokeswoman for U.S. Attorney Preet Bharara had no immediate comment. The alleged discrimination involved so-called wholesale loans that were made through mortgage brokers the bank used to help originate loans, the complaint said. Chase allowed brokers to change rates charged for loans from those initially set based on objective credit-related factors, the complaint said. As a result of that discretion, minorities were charged more for home loans than white borrowers with the same credit profile, paying tens of millions of dollars in additional mortgage costs, the complaint said. An African-American taking out a US$191,100 loan on average paid US$1,126 more over the first five years of the loan than a white borrower. An Hispanic borrower with a US$236,800 loan paid on average US$968 more than a non-Hispanic white borrower, the complaint said. Chase did not require mortgage brokers to document the reasons for changing rates and failed to address racial discrimination, encouraging it to continue, the complaint said. The Justice Department has been pursuing a number of banks over alleged discrimination. From 2010 to 2014, the agency’s Civil Rights Division obtained more than US$1.4 billion in relief under fair housing laws, according to an August report. In one case, Wells Fargo & Co agreed to pay US$175 million to settle allegations that it charged African American and Hispanic borrowers higher rates and fees on mortgages. Cities around the country, including Miami, Baltimore and Los Angeles, also have filed lawsuits claiming that major banks targeted minorities for high-cost loans that often ended in foreclosures. The bank first disclosed Bharara's lawsuit in a quarterly filing in 2015. (additional reporting by Jonathan Stempel and Lauren LaCapra) - Reuters Email More YOU MAY ALSO LIKE From Our Website From the Web Happening Now new window view more My Facebook Friends Back To Top JUMP TO Select Section Asia Pacific Singapore World Business Sport Entertainment Technology Health Lifestyle Videos Weather Photos Special Reports Archives Services PSI Navigate to: News TV Connect Watch Live GET OUR APPS iPhone/iPad Android Get Our News Facebook Twitter Linkedin YouTube Mobile SMS eNews RSS News Asia Pacific World Sport Technology Lifestyle Photos Archives Singapore Business Entertainment Health Videos Special Reports TV Live News Schedule Shows Services Weather ADVERTISE WITH US Online Mobile TV Contact Sales Channel NewsAsia Channel News Asia About Us Coverage Hotel Partners Events & Seminars Presenters & Correspondents Contact Us Mediacorp Mediacorp News Group © 2017 About Mediacorp Pte Ltd Terms and Conditions Privacy Policy Back To Top
BUSINESS JPMorgan settles allegations of mortgage discrimination against minorities JPMorgan Chase to release 4th quarter results Justin Lane / EPA A federal lawsuit accused JPMorgan Chase of charging black and Latino borrowers more than white borrowers for mortgages from 2006 to 2009. A federal lawsuit accused JPMorgan Chase of charging black and Latino borrowers more than white borrowers for mortgages from 2006 to 2009. (Justin Lane / EPA) Renae MerleThe Washington Post JPMorgan Chase & Co. said Wednesday that it has agreed to settle a federal lawsuit accusing the bank of discriminating against minority borrowers for years by charging them about $1,000 more for a mortgage than white customers. The case was settled for $55 million, according to a person familiar with the settlement. Between 2006 and 2009, JPMorgan charged at least 53,000 black and Latino borrowers more than white borrowers with the same credit and risk profile, according to the lawsuit filed Wednesday by U.S. Atty. Preet Bharara in Manhattan. The suit says black borrowers were charged an average of about $1,126 more for a $191,100 mortgage loan, while Latino customers were charged about $968 more on an average loan of about $236,800. These borrowers, the lawsuit says, suffered “tens of millions of dollars in damages.” In a statement, JPMorgan denied the allegations, saying: “We’ve agreed to settle these legacy allegations that relate to pricing set by independent brokers. We deny any wrongdoing and remain committed to providing equal access to credit.” For years, New York-based JPMorgan — which is the largest bank in the country by assets — used a network of mortgage brokers throughout the country, according to the lawsuit. Those brokers were given leeway to charge customers higher interest rates or fees, which could help boost the brokers’ compensation. According to federal law enforcement, JPMorgan should have known that minority borrowers were routinely charged more than their white counterparts through that “wholesale” lending program. JPMorgan’s pattern “of discrimination has been intentional and willful, and has been implemented with reckless disregard of the rights of African-American and Hispanic borrowers,” the lawsuit says. Caption 90 seconds: 4 stories you can't miss So-called sanctuary cities were once places of refuge. A surge in media mergers is expected under Trump’s pro-business agenda. Chinese New Year begins tomorrow. Grocery store tomatoes are often tasteless but researchers at the University of Florida have discovered a game-changer. So-called sanctuary cities were once places of refuge. A surge in media mergers is expected under Trump’s pro-business agenda. Chinese New Year begins tomorrow. Grocery store tomatoes are often tasteless but researchers at the University of Florida have discovered a game-changer. Caption 90 seconds: 4 stories you can't miss So-called sanctuary cities were once places of refuge. A surge in media mergers is expected under Trump’s pro-business agenda. Chinese New Year begins tomorrow. Grocery store tomatoes are often tasteless but researchers at the University of Florida have discovered a game-changer. So-called sanctuary cities were once places of refuge. A surge in media mergers is expected under Trump’s pro-business agenda. Chinese New Year begins tomorrow. Grocery store tomatoes are often tasteless but researchers at the University of Florida have discovered a game-changer. Caption Neighborhood improvements can limit sex-trafficking, study says A Cal State Northridge study identified up to 40 locations used for illegal sex that could be safeguarded by the addition of street lamps or the trimming of trees. A Cal State Northridge study identified up to 40 locations used for illegal sex that could be safeguarded by the addition of street lamps or the trimming of trees. Caption Curves, craftsmanship and class | 2017 Grand National Roadster Show in Pomona Thirteen custom cars will compete for the “America's Most Beautiful Roadster” award, vying for a 9-foot-tall trophy and $10,000 in prize money. (Gina Ferazzi / Los Angeles Times) Thirteen custom cars will compete for the “America's Most Beautiful Roadster” award, vying for a 9-foot-tall trophy and $10,000 in prize money. (Gina Ferazzi / Los Angeles Times) Caption Mayor Eric Garcetti speaks about the City Council's vote on Los Angeles' bid for the 2024 Olympic and Paralympic Games. Mayor Eric Garcetti speaks about the City Council's vote on Los Angeles' bid for the 2024 Olympic and Paralympic Games. (Video by Jeff Amlotte / Los Angeles Times) Mayor Eric Garcetti speaks about the City Council's vote on Los Angeles' bid for the 2024 Olympic and Paralympic Games. (Video by Jeff Amlotte / Los Angeles Times) Caption 90 seconds: 4 stories you can't miss Mary Tyler Moore was a beloved TV icon who symbolized the independent career woman. Does widespread voter fraud really happen? President Trump has signed two executive orders on immigration. The Dow Jones industrial average closed above 20,000 for the first time Wednesday. Mary Tyler Moore was a beloved TV icon who symbolized the independent career woman. Does widespread voter fraud really happen? President Trump has signed two executive orders on immigration. The Dow Jones industrial average closed above 20,000 for the first time Wednesday. Merle writes for the Washington Post. ALSO Qualcomm is accused of anti-competitive tactics With Michael Lynton's exit, what's next for Sony Pictures? Inglewood real estate market is expected to score as Chargers join Rams at new stadium UPDATES: 8:45 a.m.: This article was updated with details from the lawsuit and from JPMorgan’s statement.  This article was originally published at 7:55 a.m. Privacy Policy Copyright © 2017, Los Angeles Times JPMorgan Chase & Co. Trump signs order to temporarily shut nation's door to most refugees and start 'extreme vetting' Double killing at Chinese social club rattles Chinatown Epic rains and snow help the 'inland sea' of Sacramento roar back to life Local Sundance 2017 Sports Politics Opinion Most Popular Place An Ad 56°
HOME EDITION News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance CNBC Explains Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Recode Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows Watch Live CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Full Episodes More Log In | Register Log Out News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Consumer Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Halftime Portfolio Squawk Box Portfolio Take a Tour Subscribe Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance CNBC Explains Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Recode Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Special Reports CNBC Disruptor 50 FA Playbook Modern Medicine Quarterly Investment Guide FinTech CNBC Upstart 25 Retail Report Future Opportunities Your Money, Your Future Original Series Executive Edge Trading Nation Futures Now Retire Well The Pulse @ 1 Market The Bottom Line CNBC Events Davos Delivering Alpha eMerge Americas iCONIC Conference Cambridge Cyber Summit Sohn Conference Follow CNBC EDITION Register Log In Profile Email Preferences PRO Sign Out Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Halftime Portfolio Squawk Box Portfolio Take a Tour Subscribe LIVE TV Watch CNBC TV Watch CNBC Pro Watchlist X × × × Davos - World Economic Forum JPMorgan CEO Jamie Dimon: If you like the Trump stock rally so far, just wait ... Matthew J. Belvedere | @Matt_Belvedere Wednesday, 18 Jan 2017 | 11:57 AM ETCNBC.com SHARES show chapters JPMorgan CEO Jamie Dimon: Trump reforms could boost economy further    Wednesday, 18 Jan 2017 | 10:32 AM ET | 02:05 JPMorgan Chase Chairman and CEO Jamie Dimon told CNBC on Wednesday the economy could grow at 3 to 4 percent this year with the right tax and regulatory reforms from President-elect Donald Trump. And that, in turn, could boost the stock market even further, Dimon said on "Squawk on the Street" at the World Economic Forum in Davos, Switzerland. The Dow Jones industrial average, as of Tuesday's close, has increased about 8.5 percent since Election Day. "The market pretty much anticipates some of [Trump's agenda], not all of it, because it hasn't happened yet," Dimon said. "They know the sausage is going to be made in taxes. It's going to take nine months, 12 months. The real detail work has to get done." Trump takes the oath of office at his presidential inauguration on Friday. JPMorgan's Jamie Dimon: I wish the Chase Sapphire Reserve card had cost us more money In the meantime, "everything looks to be pretty good" with the economy right now from more jobs and rising wages, to companies flush with cash and capital markets being wide open, Dimon said. The economy grew at an annual rate of 3.5 percent in the third quarter of 2016, according to the Commerce Department. But GDP advanced only 1.4 percent in the second quarter, and just a little more than half that in first quarter. The initial estimate of fourth quarter 2016 GDP is set for release next week. The latest GDPNow forecast from the Atlanta Federal Reserve calls for growth of 2.8 percent. Last week, following the release of JPMorgan's better-than-expected earnings and revenue, Dimon said Trump needs time, but he sees the president-elect doing what's right for the nation. On Wednesday, Dimon told CNBC he does not consider himself a Democrat or a Republican. "I've always tried to think about things independently." David A. Grogan | CNBC Jamie Dimon, chief executive officer of JPMorgan Chase & Co. at the World Economic Forum in Davos, Switzerland. Dimon said many of Trump's picks for his Cabinet — including billionaire investor Wilbur Ross at Commerce, Wall Street veteran Steven Mnuchin at Treasury, and former Exxon chief Rex Tillerson at State — are "experienced, successful people" who are ready to go to work to fix America. The JPMorgan chief said he was not offered the Treasury secretary job and did not want it. But he said he stands ready to help the Trump administration grow the economy, as a member of the president-elect's strategic and policy forum and chairman of the CEO advocacy group the Business Roundtable. Shares of JPMorgan have rallied nearly 20 percent since Election Day — swept up in the broader Trump stock market rally, and the notions that the new administration will reduce banking regulations and push through pro-growth policies that necessitate higher interest rates. "For banks, the interest rates, obviously we benefit by that," Dimon told CNBC. "A stronger economy, banks benefit from that. And the third [factor] is some reduced regulatory environment, banks may benefit from that. It remains to be seen." At its December meeting, the Fed signaled three more rate hikes for 2017, after raising the cost of borrowing money last month for the second time in a decade. The previous rate hike was in December 2015. On Tuesday from Davos, Bank of America Chairman and CEO Brian Moynihan told CNBC rates have been going up for the right reasons, including rising wages and a growing economy. Matthew J. BelvedereSenior Producer Related Securities Symbol Price   Change %Change DJIA --- BAC --- To view this site, you need to have JavaScript enabled in your browser, and either the Flash Plugin or an HTML5-Video enabled browser. Download the latest Flash player and try again. Playing Share this video... × Watch Next...
Home   Street Talk   Personal Finance   Economy   Companies   Markets   Investing & Analysis   Insiders   Money Wire   Newsletters Sponsor Men Don’t Need Viagra If you Do This Once Daily - Reverses ED For Good Home | Companies Tags: jpmorgan | alleged | mortgage | discrimination US Sues JPMorgan for Alleged Mortgage Discrimination (iStock Photo) Wednesday, 18 Jan 2017 09:31 AM Close  More ways to share... Stumbled LinkedIn Vine Reddit Delicious Newstrust Tell my politician Technocrati Short URL| Email Article| Comment| Contact| Print|     A   A      The United States on Wednesday sued JPMorgan Chase & Co., accusing the bank of discriminating against minority borrowers by charging them higher rates and fees on home mortgage loans between 2006 and at least 2009. Filed in a Manhattan federal court, the government's complaint accused the bank of violating the U.S. Fair Housing Act and the Equal Credit Opportunity Act by charging thousands of African-American and Hispanic borrowers more for home loans than white borrowers with the same credit profile. JPMorgan Chase and U.S. Attorney Preet Bharara did not immediately respond to requests for comment. The alleged discrimination involved so-called wholesale loans that were made through mortgage brokers the bank used to originate loans, the complaint said. Chase allowed brokers to change rates charged for loans from those initially set based on objective credit-related factors, the complaint said. Chase did not require mortgage brokers to document the reasons for changing rates and failed to address racial discrimination, encouraging it to continue, the complaint said. © 2017 Thomson/Reuters. All rights reserved. Click Here to comment on this article Close  More ways to share... Stumbled LinkedIn Vine Reddit Delicious Newstrust Tell my politician Technocrati Short URL| Email Article| Comment| Contact| Print|     A   A    1Like our page 2Share Share Companies The United States on Wednesday sued JPMorgan Chase Co, accusing the bank of discriminating against minority borrowers by charging them higher rates and fees on home mortgage loans between 2006 and at least 2009.Filed in a Manhattan federal court, the government's... jpmorgan, alleged, mortgage, discrimination 164 Wednesday, 18 Jan 2017 09:31 AM 2017-31-18 Around The Web Powered by Newsmax Join the Newsmax Community Register To Comment Login To Comment Please review Community Guidelines before posting a comment. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. blog comments powered by Disqus   Free Newsmax E-Alerts Email: Country: Zip Code: Privacy: We never share your email.   Mortgage Rates Get Today's Low Rates Widget Request a mortgage or refinance Powered by Take A Look At This Recommended by Newsmax Most Commented Trump to Company Executives: We Think we Can Cut Regulations by 75 Pct Monday, 23 Jan 2017 | 107 comments This is what leadership looks like... Lawsuit: Trump Businesses Violate Constitution Monday, 23 Jan 2017 | 89 comments Waste time and money. Nonsense. This is what RATs will do... Robert Reich: Here's Why I Don't Think So-Called 'Trump Rally' Will Continue Wednesday, 25 Jan 2017 | 44 comments Do not forget mr.REICH is a FABIAN SOCIALIST ,he is like the Clintons!!... Dow Tops 20,000 as Trump Rally Pushes Higher Wednesday, 25 Jan 2017 | 31 comments Be prepared for O'dumbo and his acolytes to claim this all happened... Mexico President Demands North America Stay Free-Trade Zone Tuesday, 24 Jan 2017 | 31 comments :...humane treatment of Mexican migrant workers....and a coordinated and...       To view this video please enable JavaScript, and consider upgrading to a web browser that supports HTML5 video Home   Street Talk   Personal Finance   Economy   Companies   Markets   Investing & Analysis   Insiders   Money Wire   Newsletters Newsmax, Moneynews, Newsmax Health, and Independent. American. are registered trademarks of Newsmax Media, Inc. Newsmax TV, and Newsmax World are trademarks of Newsmax Media, Inc. NEWSMAX.COM MONEYNEWS.COM © Newsmax Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved Contact | Advertise | Shop | RSS | Archives | Links | Privacy Policy | Terms & Conditions
2 Desktop notifications are on   | Turn off Get breaking news alerts from The Washington Post Turn on desktop notifications? Yes Not now It looks like you've previously blocked notifications. Please update your browser permissions to allow them. Sections Sign In Username Subscribe Accessibility for screenreader Home Page U.S. & World | Regional Politics PowerPost The Fix White House Courts and Law Polling Monkey Cage Fact Checker Post Politics Blog Opinions The Post's View Toles Cartoons Telnaes Animations Local Opinions Global Opinions Letters to the Editor Act Four All Opinions Are Local Book Party Compost Erik Wemple Five Myths In Theory The Plum Line PostEverything PostPartisan Rampage Right Turn The Watch Volokh Conspiracy The Missing Debate Sports Redskins NFL MLB NBA NHL AllMetSports Soccer Boxing/MMA College Sports College Football College Basketball D.C. Sports Bog Early Lead Fancy Stats Golf Tennis Fantasy Sports Local D.C. Maryland Virginia Public Safety Education Obituaries Transportation Weather National Acts of Faith Health and Science National Security Investigations Morning Mix Post Nation True Crime Obituaries World Africa The Americas Asia and Pacific Europe Middle East National Security WorldViews Checkpoint Business Wonkblog On Leadership Personal Finance Digger Energy and Environment Markets On Small Business World Business Capital Business Tech Innovations The Switch Lifestyle Arts and Entertainment Advice Carolyn Hax Food Travel Wellness Magazine Home and Garden Inspired Life Fashion KidsPost On Parenting Reliable Source The Intersect Solo-ish Entertainment Books Comics Comic Riffs Going Out Guide Horoscopes Movies Museums Music Puzzles and Games Theater and Dance TV Restaurants Bars & Clubs Crosswords Video World Top News Entertainment Local Popular Video Politics Live Sports Opinions National Business Technology Style Photography In Sight Washington Post Live Events Live Chats Real Estate Rentals Where We Live Recently Sold Homes Cars Jobs Classifieds Partners Express Parade WP BrandStudio washingtonpost.com 1996-2017 The Washington Post Terms of Service Privacy Policy Submissions and Discussion Policy RSS Terms of Service Ad Choices Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on Google Plus Share via Email Share on LinkedIn Share on Pinterest Share on Tumblr Resize Text Print Article Comments60+ The inside track on Washington politics. Be the first to know about new stories from PowerPost. Sign up to follow, and we’ll e-mail you free updates as they’re published. You’ll receive free e-mail news updates each time a new story is published. You’re all set! Sign up *Invalid email address Got it Got it Business JPMorgan settles federal mortgage discrimination suit for $55 million The inside track on Washington politics. Be the first to know about new stories from PowerPost. Sign up to follow, and we’ll e-mail you free updates as they’re published. You’ll receive free e-mail news updates each time a new story is published. You’re all set! Sign up *Invalid email address Got it Got it By Renae Merle By Renae Merle January 18 Follow @renaemerle (Stan Honda/AFP/Getty Images) NEW YORK — JPMorgan Chase said Wednesday that it had agreed to settle a federal lawsuit accusing the bank of working with mortgage brokers who discriminated against minority borrowers for years by charging them $1,000 more than white customers. The case was settled for $55 million, according to a person familiar with the settlement who spoke on the condition of anonymity because the details are not yet public. Between 2006 and 2009, JPMorgan charged at least 53,000 black and Hispanic borrowers more than white borrowers with the same credit and risk profiles, according to a lawsuit filed by U.S. Attorney Preet Bharara in Manhattan. Black borrowers were charged an average of about $1,126 more for a $191,100 mortgage loan, while Hispanic customers were charged about $968 more on an average loan of about $236,800. These borrowers, the lawsuit alleged, collectively suffered “tens of millions of dollars in damages” in violation of the U.S. Fair Housing Act and the Equal Credit Opportunity Act. In a statement, JPMorgan denied the allegations, saying: “We’ve agreed to settle these legacy allegations that relate to pricing set by independent brokers. We deny any wrongdoing and remain committed to providing equal access to credit.” In its response filed in the U.S. District Court in Manhattan, the bank said it had a “robust monitoring program” and that it not responsible “for acts of independent, third party brokers.” Bharara’s office declined to comment on the settlement, which has not been approved by a judge. JPMorgan, the largest bank in the country by assets, is also one of the largest mortgage lenders. Through the third quarter of 2016, JPMorgan originated about $75 billion in mortgage loans, putting it second in the market to Wells Fargo, according to the trade publication Mortgage Daily. For years, JPMorgan used a network of mortgage brokers throughout the country, according to the federal lawsuit. Those brokers were given leeway on what interest rates and fees they charged customers. When brokers secured higher interest rates, the lawsuit claims, they were rewarded with a bonus. The bank did not require the mortgage brokers to explain why they were charging some customers more than others, according to the lawsuit. But JPMorgan should have known that minority borrowers were routinely being discriminated against through its “wholesale” lending program. (JPMorgan ended the program in 2009.) JPMorgan’s pattern “of discrimination has been intentional and willful, and has been implemented with reckless disregard of the rights of African-American and Hispanic borrowers,” the lawsuit says. U.S. officials have reached similar settlements with other large banks, including Wells Fargo, for mortgage practices dating to the housing boom and the financial crisis that followed. The Obama administration has also been working to complete several unrelated cases against large companies, including Volkswagen and the airbag manufacturer Takata, before President-elect Donald Trump takes office this week. The settlement amount is small, especially for a bank as big as JPMorgan, said Carl Tobias, a professor at the University of Richmond School of Law. “JP Morgan and the U.S. government may have wanted to settle this matter before the new administration comes in because of uncertainty about what might happen,” he said. “One question is whether the case and the settlement will [deter] other instances of alleged mortgage discrimination.” Also Wednesday, the Labor Department filed an administrative complaint against JPMorgan, accusing the bank of paying some female employees less than their male counterparts. Since at least May 15, 2012, JPMorgan discriminated against 93 female employees who held various technology-related positions, such as “Application Developer Lead II, Application Developer Lead V, Project Manager and Technology Directors,” according to the complaint. The pay disparities, which were not detailed in the complaint, violate a 2012 executive order for government contractors, according to the Labor Department’s Office of Federal Contract Compliance Programs. JPMorgan was alerted to the problem in 2015, the complaint claims. “The company continues to fall short of its obligations, compensating a group of female employees significantly less than their male counterparts and thereby failing to eliminate sex discrimination from its compensation process,” the complaint alleges. In a statement, JPMorgan denied the allegations and said it was committed to corporate diversity. “We tried to work with the [Labor Department] regarding this matter and resolve any concerns,” the statement said. “We are disappointed that the OFCCP chose to file a complaint, but look forward to presenting our evidence to a neutral decision maker.” business business true Please provide a valid email address. Sign up You’re all set! See all newsletters 60+ Comments  Share on FacebookShare   Share on TwitterTweet Share via Email Renae Merle covers white collar crime and Wall Street for The Washington Post. Follow @renaemerle 67 Show Comments Discussion Policy 0 Comments SuperFan Badge SuperFan badge holders consistently post smart, timely comments about Washington area sports and teams. More about badges | Request a badge Culture Connoisseur Badge Culture Connoisseurs consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on the arts, lifestyle and entertainment. More about badges | Request a badge Fact Checker Badge Fact Checkers contribute questions, information and facts to The Fact Checker. More about badges | Request a badge Washingtologist Badge Washingtologists consistently post thought-provoking, timely comments on events, communities, and trends in the Washington area. More about badges | Request a badge Post Writer Badge This commenter is a Washington Post editor, reporter or producer. Post Forum Badge Post Forum members consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on politics, national and international affairs. More about badges | Request a badge Weather Watcher Badge Weather Watchers consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on climates and forecasts. More about badges | Request a badge World Watcher Badge World Watchers consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on international affairs. More about badges | Request a badge Post Contributor Badge This commenter is a Washington Post contributor. Post contributors aren’t staff, but may write articles or columns. In some cases, contributors are sources or experts quoted in a story. More about badges | Request a badge Post Recommended Washington Post reporters or editors recommend this comment or reader post. You must be logged in to report a comment. Sign in here You must be logged in to recommend a comment. Sign in here Comments our editors find particularly useful or relevant are displayed in Top Comments, as are comments by users with these badges: . Replies to those posts appear here, as well as posts by staff writers. All comments are posted in the All Comments tab. More about badges Get a badge To pause and restart automatic updates, click "Live" or "Paused". If paused, you'll be notified of the number of additional comments that have come in. Comments our editors find particularly useful or relevant are displayed in Top Comments, as are comments by users with these badges: . Replies to those posts appear here, as well as posts by staff writers. Spam Offensive Disagree Off-Topic Among the criteria for featured comments: likes by users, replies by users, previous history of valuable commenting, and selection by moderators. Facebook Twitter Reddit StumbleUpon Digg Delicious Most Read 1 CDC’s canceled climate change conference is back on — thanks to Al Gore 2 In these six American towns, laws targeting ‘the illegals’ didn’t go as planned 3 Tariff? Border tax? Why it’s so hard for Donald Trump to make Mexico pay for the wall. 4 The really good idea that came out of the first White House news conference 5 For a few hours, Badlands National Park was bad to the bone in defiance of Trump Market Watch DJIA 0.16% NASDAQ -0.02% Get quote Last Update: 01/27/2017(DJIA&NASDAQ) Our Online Games Play right from this page Mahjongg Dimensions Strategy game Spider Solitaire Card game Mahjongg Candy Strategy game Word Wipe Word game business business Success! Check your inbox for details. Please enter a valid email address You might also like: Sign Up No Thanks See all newsletters washingtonpost.com © 1996-2017 The Washington Post   Help and Contact Us Terms of Service Privacy Policy Print Products Terms of Sale Digital Products Terms of Sale Submissions and Discussion Policy RSS Terms of Service Ad Choices Close video player Now Playing Read content from allstate Content from Allstate This content is paid for by an advertiser and published by WP BrandStudio. The Washington Post newsroom was not involved in the creation of this content. Learn more about WP BrandStudio. We went to the source. Here’s what matters to millennials. A state-by-state look at where Generation Y stands on the big issues.
Newsroom Advertise News Alerts Weather School Closings (WJAC) My Account Search for: Select Home News Local News Top Stories National News International News Opinions Features Business News Election Marcellus Shale Health News Partner News Sports Local Sports National Sports PSU Sports News Spikes Obituaries Crime A & E Events Taste of Home Contest Classifieds Shop Weekly Circulars Grocery Coupons Gift Cards & More Half Off Deals Celebrations Celebrations Submission Clearfield-Lawrence Consolidation Home / News / Business News / JPMorgan Chase says it settled mortgage discrimination case with feds JPMorgan Chase says it settled mortgage discrimination case with feds Posted on Wednesday, January 18, 2017 by CNN in Business News JPMorgan Chase says it has reached a settlement with federal authorities over charges it discriminated against minority home buyers by charging them higher rates. Preet Bharara, U.S. attorney in the Southern District of New York, filed suit Wednesday alleging that the nation’s largest bank charged higher mortgage rates and fees to more than 100,000 black and Hispanic home buyers between 2006 and 2009. The loans in question were originated by independent mortgage brokers who were not employed by the bank. “In thousands of instances, an African-American borrower with the same credit and risk profile as a white borrower, entering into the same type of Chase…mortgage, paid higher loan rates and larger fees,” the suit charges. It says that the same thing happened with Hispanic borrowers. But JPMorgan Chase says it did nothing wrong, and the rates were set by the mortgage brokers. “We’ve agreed to settle these legacy allegations that relate to pricing set by independent brokers,” said the bank’s statement. “We deny any wrongdoing and remain committed to providing equal access to credit.” A person familiar with the settlement said JPMorgan Chase agreed to pay $55 million under terms of the deal. A spokesperson for Bharara was not immediately available for comment. Bharara has been asked to stay on in the Trump administration. JPMorgan Chase CEO Jamie Dimon is one of a group of top business executives tapped to advise Trump once he takes office. Trump commerce pick Wilbur Ross slams 'malicious' trading tactics Trump gets facts wrong in attacks against NBC's "Today" show Related Posts Iran is hiding more oil at sea than we realized Georgetown to offer slave descendants preferential admission status More bad news for Tesla and Elon Musk Donald Trump threatens legal action against NBC over ‘Access Hollywood’ tape Leave a Reply Cancel reply You must be logged in to post a comment. Jobs from Indeed What: Where: jobs by gantdaily.com Carambola © 2014 GantDaily.com. All rights reserved. About | Contact | Privacy Policy | Terms & Cond Top
Menu Accounting & Tax Banking & Capital Markets Growth Companies Human Capital & Careers Risk & Compliance Strategy Technology Sign InSign Up Search for: CFO Conferences Webcasts Research White Papers Jobs Training Newsletters Magazine Search for: How CFOs Can Budget to Boost Cybersecurity Cybersecurity is no longer seen as a technology… Don’t Count on ACA Repeal Anytime Soon Republicans may not be able to quickly dismantle… Will Automation Take Over Senior Finance Jobs? Some finance executives think their positions… Accounting & Tax Banking & Capital Markets Risk & Compliance Human Capital & Careers Growth Companies Strategy Technology Banking & Capital Markets Major Banks’ Earnings Beat Q4 Expectations Consumer banking is driving growth, with deposits and interest income rising at Bank of America, JPMorgan Chase, and Wells Fargo. Matthew Heller January 16, 2017 | CFO.com | US share Tweet Email Print - Print + Email this article To* Please enter your email address* Subject* Comments* Bank of America and JPMorgan Chase both reported better-than-expected earnings on Friday, reflecting loan growth along with rising deposits and interest income. Wells Fargo missed estimates but the bank showed signs of recovering from its sham-accounts scandal amid an overhaul of its retail banking operations. Recommended Stories: Bank Profits Jump 13% to $45.6 Billion in Q3 Wanted: A Flexible, Attentive Bank Fitch Keeping ‘Negative’ Eye on Deutsche Bank “The robust tenor reflects a humming economy that produces jobs, raises consumer confidence, fuels the stock and housing markets and drives businesses to seek out more loans for expansion as President-elect Donald Trump prepares to take office,” USA Today said. The S&P financial sector has jumped about 17% since the Nov. 8 election, far outpacing the S&P 500’s 6-percent rise. Investors are betting that banks will “benefit from deregulation under President-elect Donald Trump’s coming administration and an environment that is expected to see rising interest rates,” MarketWatch reported. For the fourth quarter, JPMorgan’s earnings rose 24% to $6.7 billion while revenue increased 2% to $24.3 billion. Bank of America’s fourth-quarter profit climbed 42% to $4.7 billion while revenue rose 2.1% to $20 billion. “If you look at a broad range of things, it looks like growth may have gotten a bit better in the fourth quarter,” JPMorgan CEO Jamie Dimon said during an analyst call. “[The economy] looks like it’s stronger, not weaker.” He added that “with some regulatory relief, you will see banks being more aggressive in growing, opening branches in new cities, adding to loan portfolios, seeking out clients they don’t have.” Wells Fargo’s earnings fell 5.4% to $5.3 billion, and revenue remained flat, but key business metrics including loan growth, customer deposits, and interest income improved. According to USA Today, consumer banking largely drove the banks’ growth, with mortgage production rising at Bank of America and JPMorgan, and credit card revenue and demand for mobile banking continuing to spike. “J.P. Morgan had a terrific beat; BofA, a very nice one,” Wayne Kaufman, chief market analyst at Phoenix Financial Services, said. “You’d have to believe that the economy will be lackluster going forward to think that banks won’t do well from here.” Post navigation ← Setting Tech Priorities in 2017 U.S. Retail Sales End Year With 0.6% Increase → Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment Name * Email * Website Advertisement Popular Articles In Tech, Return Measures are Better than Margins The Rising Risk of Being CFO Revenue Recognition: The Clock Is Ticking When Cost Cutting Gets Expensive Trump’s Corporate Tax Reforms: What CFOs Need to Know Why Is There Still Gender Pay Disparity? Advertisement   Topics Accounting & Tax Banking & Capital Markets Human Capital & Careers Growth Companies Risk & Compliance Strategy Technology Media Videos Whitepapers Research Blogs Magazine Events Conferences Webcasts Services Reprints Back Issues Mobile Widgets RSS About CFO About CFO Editorial Staff Press Advertise FAQ Contact Us Want the Magazine? Relax and unplug with our award-winning coverage. Subscribe Now Follow Us
Jump to main navigationJump to main content News Search News by eluta.ca Search Jobs at eluta.ca Jobs Login Register 18  Toronto Subscribe Help AdChoices Home News Opinion Business Investing Sports Life Arts Tech Drive Real Estate Streetwise Economy International Industry News Small Business Commentary Careers Magazine U.S. Europe Asia Pacific Latin America Africa & Mideast Home» Report on Business» International Business» U.S. Business People pass the JP Morgan Chase headquarters in the Manhattan. The U.S. filed suit against the bank on Wednesday alleging it discriminated against minority borrowers by charging higher rates for mortgages between 2006 and 2009. (© Mike Segar / Reuters) People pass the JP Morgan Chase headquarters in the Manhattan. The U.S. filed suit against the bank on Wednesday alleging it discriminated against minority borrowers by charging higher rates for mortgages between 2006 and 2009. (© Mike Segar / Reuters) JPMorgan to pay $55-million to settle mortgage discrimination suit: report Add to ... Dena Aubin NEW YORK — Reuters Published Wednesday, Jan. 18, 2017 9:00AM EST Last updated Wednesday, Jan. 18, 2017 11:17AM EST Comments Share via email Share on facebook Share on twitter Share on LinkedIn Print JPMorgan Chase & Co has agreed to pay $55-million to settle a U.S. Justice Department lawsuit accusing it of discriminating against minority borrowers by allowing mortgage brokers to charge them more for home loans, a person familiar with the matter said on Wednesday. The U.S. Justice Department complaint, filed in Manhattan federal court on Wednesday, accused the bank of willfully violating the U.S. Fair Housing Act and the Equal Credit Opportunity Act between 2006 and 2009 and showing “reckless disregard” for the rights of at least 53,000 African-American and Hispanic borrowers. “We’ve agreed to settle these legacy allegations that relate to pricing set by independent brokers,” JPMorgan spokeswoman Elizabeth Seymour said. “We deny any wrongdoing and remain committed to providing equal access to credit.” A spokeswoman for U.S. Attorney Preet Bharara had no immediate comment. The alleged discrimination involved so-called wholesale loans that were made through mortgage brokers the bank used to help originate loans, the complaint said. Chase allowed brokers to change rates charged for loans from those initially set based on objective credit-related factors, the complaint said. As a result of that discretion, minorities were charged more for home loans than white borrowers with the same credit profile, paying tens of millions of dollars in additional mortgage costs, the complaint said. An African-American taking out a $191,100 loan on average paid $1,126 more over the first five years of the loan than a white borrower. An Hispanic borrower with a $236,800 loan paid on average $968 more than a non-Hispanic white borrower, the complaint said. Chase did not require mortgage brokers to document the reasons for changing rates and failed to address racial discrimination, encouraging it to continue, the complaint said. The Justice Department has been pursuing a number of banks over alleged discrimination. From 2010 to 2014, the agency’s Civil Rights Division obtained more than $1.4-billion in relief under fair housing laws, according to an August report. In one case, Wells Fargo & Co agreed to pay $175-million to settle allegations that it charged African American and Hispanic borrowers higher rates and fees on mortgages. Cities around the country, including Miami, Baltimore and Los Angeles, also have filed lawsuits claiming that major banks targeted minorities for high-cost loans that often ended in foreclosures. The bank first disclosed Bharara’s lawsuit in a quarterly filing in 2015. Report Typo/Error   JPM-NJPMorgan Chase & Co Latest Price$86.93 +0.18 (+0.21%) Updated January 27 4:00 PM EST. Delayed by at least 15 minutes. More Related to this Story Morgan Stanley’s profit doubles on bond-trading surge Goldman Sachs profit soars on bond-trading surge Citigroup’s profit gets boost from trading Topics Banking United States of America JPMorgan Chase & Co. Manhattan, New York Comments Share via email Share on facebook Share on twitter Share on LinkedIn Print Next story | Learn More Discover content from The Globe and Mail that you might otherwise not have come across. Here we’ll provide you with fresh suggestions where we will continue to make even better ones as we get to know you better. You can let us know if a suggestion is not to your liking by hitting the ‘’ close button to the right of the headline. {{article_sprite}} {{title}} {{published_at}} In the know News Celebrate the year of the rooster with the best Chinese dishes Vancouver has to offer Sports Unusually large crop of rookies driving Leafs’ surprising success ROB Magazine The real reason house prices in Toronto are soaring real estate Fort St. John, B.C., mansion raises eyebrows with unusual listing The Globe Recommends {{title}} Most popular videos » News Presidential or dangerously erratic? John Ibbitson on week one of Trump's presidency Video Video: Kenneth Irving opens up about his battle with depression and the path to wellness Globe Drive The iconic VW microbus is back, but is it just a diversion? Globe Drive The 11 cars worth waiting for in 2017 Globe Drive Put snow chains on your tires with the push of a button Life Gender takes a back stage to makeup and manicures for some young Japanese men Report on Business Take an aerial tour of Fort Hills, the latest oil sands megaproject News Trump signs order for rebuilding of military, vetting of refugees Life Chef Basics: This seafood stew is a dish to enjoy any season News Mike Pence addresses Washington anti-abortion rally News Trump says he hopes for 'fantastic relationship' with Putin News Visit the Costa Rican holiday spot where Manitoba's premier spends his working vacations ◀ ● ● ● ▶ Highlights Globe Investor At 36, single mom reaches debt-free goal. ‘It feels really good’ More from The Globe and Mail Globe Investor Six dividend-growth stocks for your RRSP Life Include these foods and supplements in your vegan or plant-based diet Most popular Invest Like a Legend 2017: Ten legends reveal how to make money in the coming year NDP Leader Tom Mulcair denounces Trump, calls him a ‘fascist’ How to make big returns by doing nothing, REIT picks, and the number of stocks you should really own Trump suspends entry of Syrian refugees indefinitely GM to cut 625 jobs at Ontario plant, union says X connect with us Products The Globe and Mail Newspaper Newspaper delivered to your doorstep. Subscribe to the newspaper Globe Unlimited Digital all access pass across devices. Subscribe to Globe Unlimited Globe2Go The digital replica of our newspaper. Subscribe to Globe2Go Globe Email Newsletters Get top Globe stories sent to your inbox. Subscribe to email newsletters Globe eBooks A collection of articles by the Globe. View the library Advertise with us GlobeLink.ca Your number one partner for reaching Canada's Influential Achievers. Or go directly to: Newspaper Magazine Digital Globe Alliance: extend your reach Globe Edge: custom content Classifieds The Globe at your Workplace Globe Corporate Sales Globe Unlimited digital edition and Globe2Go e-paper group discounts available. Learn more Corporate financial data and content licensing for your organization. Learn more Or go directly to: Report On Business Top 1000 DataStore essential business intelligence Our Company About us Work at The Globe Staff Secure Services Secure Drop Staff PGP Directory Customer Service Contact Us Customer Preference Center FAQs Customer Care website Digital subscription services Print subscription services Change your delivery address Vacation Stops Mobile Apps News NEWS APP Available for download on the following devices iPhone iPad Android Blackberry Other Sections Appointments Art Store Births & Announcements Corrections Classifieds Classroom Edition Deaths Newspaper Ads Real Estate Special Reports Site Map Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Disclaimer Accessibility Policy Community Guidelines Globe sustainability Editorial Code of Conduct Restrictions © Thomson Reuters 2012. All rights reserved. Republication or redistribution of Thomson Reuters content, including by framing or similar means, is prohibited without the prior written consent of Thomson Reuters. Thomson Reuters is not liable for any errors or delays in Thomson Reuters content, or for any actions taken in reliance on such content. ‘Thomson Reuters’ and the Thomson Reuters logo are trademarks of Thomson Reuters and its affiliated companies. Selected data supplied by Thomson Reuters.© Thomson Reuters Limited. Click for Restrictions . Copyright 2017 The Globe and Mail Inc. All Rights Reserved. 351 King Street East, Suite 1600,  Toronto,  ON  Canada  M5A 0N1 Phillip Crawley, Publisher Add to Watchlist Add to Watchlist We've run into a glitch. Please try again later. We've run into a glitch. Please try again later.
Thanks for contacting us. We've received your submission. Back to Reading News Metro Page Six Sports Business Opinion Entertainment Fashion Living Media Tech Real Estate Sub Menu 1 Photos Video Covers Columnists Horoscopes Sub Menu 2 Classifieds Subscribe Sign in In The News: hillary clinton iran lamar odom 2016 presidential election new york mets Sections Search Tips Sign in New York Post Share this: Facebook Twitter Google LinkedIn WhatsApp Email Copy Business Share this: Facebook Twitter Google LinkedIn WhatsApp Email Copy JPMorgan accused of racial discrimination on home loans By Reuters View author archive Get author RSS feed Name(required) Email(required) Comment(required) January 18, 2017 | 9:46am | Updated January 19, 2017 | 3:11pm Modal Trigger Reuters More On: jpmorgan chase Jamie Dimon's pay jumps to a whopping $28 million JPMorgan tops expectations thanks to trading uptick Couple sues bank after they can’t access safe deposit Swiss regulators hit interest rate cartels with $97M fine The United States on Wednesday sued JPMorgan Chase, accusing the bank of discriminating against minority borrowers by charging them higher rates and fees on home mortgage loans between 2006 and at least 2009. Filed in Manhattan federal court, the government’s complaint accused the bank of violating the US Fair Housing Act and the Equal Credit Opportunity Act by charging thousands of African-American and Hispanic borrowers more for home loans than white borrowers with the same credit profile. JPMorgan Chase and US Attorney Preet Bharara did not immediately respond to requests for comment. The alleged discrimination involved so-called wholesale loans that were made through mortgage brokers the bank used to originate loans, the complaint said. Chase allowed brokers to change rates charged for loans from those initially set based on objective credit-related factors, the complaint said. Chase did not require mortgage brokers to document the reasons for changing rates and failed to address racial discrimination, encouraging it to continue, the complaint said. Share this: Facebook Twitter Google LinkedIn WhatsApp Email Copy Filed under jpmorgan chase ,  preet bharara ,  racial discrimination Share this article: Share this: Facebook Twitter Google LinkedIn WhatsApp Email Copy Read Next Goldman Sachs' quarterly profit quadruples Read Next Goldman Sachs' quarterly profit quadruples Share Selection Trending Now on NYPost.com 109,292 Former ice queen Tonya Harding isn't looking too hot these days 92,007 Huge shakeup at 'Today' to make way for Megyn Kelly 59,657 John Hurt dead at 77 Now On Friends fear Club Kid Killer returning to ‘party-monster’ ways ‘Today’ staffers fearful amid Megyn Kelly shakeup Jackie Mason: Madonna is a ‘deranged yenta’ SEE ALL Video :52 Baby monitor reveals toddler is a diehard Rangers fan More Stories pagesix Huge shakeup at 'Today' to make way for Megyn Kelly Now On Decider Christina Ricci Goes Full Frontal In Her New Series nypost Former ice queen Tonya Harding isn't looking too hot these days New York Post Facebook Twitter Instagram LinkedIn Email Email Newsletters Mobile Apps Contact Us Tips Facebook Twitter Instagram LinkedIn Email Sections & Features News Real Estate Page Six Tech Sports Media Metro Photos Entertainment Video Business Alexa Opinion Covers Fashion Horoscopes Living Classifieds Newsletters & Feeds Email Newsletters RSS Feeds NYPost Store Home Delivery Subscribe Manage Subscription Preferences Help/Support Customer Service App FAQ & Help Contact Us Tips Newsroom Letters to the Editor Reprints Careers Apps iPhone App iPad App Android Phone Android Tablet Advertise Media Kit Contact Post Digital Network © 2017 NYP Holdings, Inc. All Rights Reserved | Terms of Use | Privacy | Your Ad Choices News Corp. is a network of leading companies in the world of diversified media, news, and information services. News Corp HarperCollins Marketwatch realtor.com Dow Jones The Sun Storyful Wall Street Journal The Times Mansion Global New York Post The Australian Checkout51 News America Marketing News.com.au Unruly NY Post Never Miss a Story Get The Post delivered directly to your inbox NY Post Morning Report Page Six Daily Breaking News Special Offers Email Sign Up By clicking above you agree to our Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. X Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. Copy Share URL: Copy Link Sign Up / Sign In Sign In // Sign Up With your existing account from... With your existing account {* loginWidget *} Use an account with your email address Or with a NYPost.com account {* #userInformationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *}{* traditionalSignIn_createButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} Sign Up / Sign In Sign In // Sign Up Welcome back, {* welcomeName *} {* loginWidget *} Or use NYPost.com account Sign Up / Sign In Sign In // Sign Up Welcome back Welcome back, {* welcomeName *} {* #userInformationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} Use an account with your email address Or use another account Almost Done! Please confirm the information below before signing in. Please confirm the information below. {* #socialRegistrationForm *} {* socialRegistration_emailAddress *} {* socialRegistration_displayName *} {* socialRegistration_ageVerification *} By clicking "Sign In", you confirm that you accept our terms of service and have read and understand privacy policy. {* backButton *} {* socialRegistration_signInButton *} {* /socialRegistrationForm *} Almost Done! {* #registrationForm *} {* traditionalRegistration_emailAddress *} {* traditionalRegistration_password *} {* traditionalRegistration_passwordConfirm *} {* traditionalRegistration_displayName *} {* traditionalRegistration_captcha *} {* traditionalRegistration_ageVerification *} By clicking "Create account", you confirm that you accept our terms of service and have read and understand our privacy policy. {* backButton *} {* createAccountButton *} {* /registrationForm *} Create a new password Forgot Password? Don't worry, it happens. We'll send you a link to create a new password. {* #forgotPasswordForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* backButton *} {* forgotPassword_sendButton *} {* /forgotPasswordForm *} Create a new password Sent! We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password. Your existing password has not been changed. We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password. Close Account Already Exists {* mergeAccounts *} {* backButton *} Sign in to complete account merge {* #tradAuthenticateMergeForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* mergePassword *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /tradAuthenticateMergeForm *}
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy   Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance ACADIA Pharmaceuticals Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for ACADIA Pharmaceuticals Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News National Asset Management Inc. Has $607,000 Stake in American Water Works (AWK) Panagora Asset Management Inc. Boosts Position in eBay Inc. (EBAY) Panagora Asset Management Inc. Buys 989,883 Shares of Baxter International Inc. (BAX) Panagora Asset Management Inc. Has $49,920,000 Position in Western Alliance Bancorporation (WAL) Eli Lilly and Company (LLY) Position Lowered by Capital International Sarl Goldman Sachs Group, Inc. (The) (GS) Position Reduced by Capital International Sarl Capital International Sarl Maintains Position in Canadian National Railway Company (CNI) Capital International Sarl Maintains Position in Cognizant Technology Solutions Corp (CTSH) Fuller & Thaler Asset Management Inc. Acquires 2,304,519 Shares of Verifone Systems, Inc. (PAY) Blackstone Group L.P. Invests $13,851,000 in Take-Two Interactive Software, Inc. (TTWO) TPG Group Holdings SBS Advisors Inc. Cuts Position in Continental Building Products, Inc. (CBPX) TPG Group Holdings SBS Advisors Inc. Sells 3,273 Shares of LinkedIn Corp (LNKD) National Asset Management Inc. Has $858,000 Position in Medtronic PLC (MDT) E.W. Scripps Company (The) (SSP) Shares Bought by Blackstone Group L.P. Blackstone Group L.P. Maintains Stake in NantHealth Inc (NH) Fuller & Thaler Asset Management Inc. Has $59,582,000 Stake in Cabot Corporation (CBT) Fuller & Thaler Asset Management Inc. Sells 9,719 Shares of MTS Systems Corporation (MTSC) Fuller & Thaler Asset Management Inc. Sells 494,508 Shares of El Paso Electric Company (EE) Fuller & Thaler Asset Management Inc. Decreases Position in Brink’s Company (The) (BCO) Cheniere Energy Partners LP Holdings LLC (CQH) Position Cut by Blackstone Group L.P. ACADIA Pharmaceuticals Inc. (ACAD) Shares Sold by TIAA CREF Investment Management LLC January 18th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Trevor Kearing Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet TIAA CREF Investment Management LLC decreased its stake in ACADIA Pharmaceuticals Inc. (NASDAQ:ACAD) by 22.5% during the third quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The fund owned 297,059 shares of the biopharmaceutical company’s stock after selling 86,381 shares during the period. TIAA CREF Investment Management LLC owned about 0.26% of ACADIA Pharmaceuticals worth $9,449,000 as of its most recent SEC filing. Several other large investors also recently modified their holdings of the company. Lord Abbett & CO. LLC raised its stake in shares of ACADIA Pharmaceuticals by 3,271.5% in the second quarter. Lord Abbett & CO. LLC now owns 2,191,453 shares of the biopharmaceutical company’s stock valued at $71,135,000 after buying an additional 2,126,453 shares during the last quarter. Palo Alto Investors LLC raised its stake in shares of ACADIA Pharmaceuticals by 196.4% in the second quarter. Palo Alto Investors LLC now owns 1,437,730 shares of the biopharmaceutical company’s stock valued at $46,669,000 after buying an additional 952,630 shares during the last quarter. Senator Investment Group LP bought a new stake in shares of ACADIA Pharmaceuticals during the second quarter valued at approximately $25,968,000. Franklin Resources Inc. raised its stake in shares of ACADIA Pharmaceuticals by 30.1% in the second quarter. Franklin Resources Inc. now owns 3,366,686 shares of the biopharmaceutical company’s stock valued at $109,283,000 after buying an additional 778,269 shares during the last quarter. Finally, JPMorgan Chase & Co. raised its stake in shares of ACADIA Pharmaceuticals by 73.3% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 1,554,619 shares of the biopharmaceutical company’s stock valued at $49,453,000 after buying an additional 657,771 shares during the last quarter. Institutional investors own 96.80% of the company’s stock. Shares of ACADIA Pharmaceuticals Inc. (NASDAQ:ACAD) opened at 31.35 on Wednesday. The firm has a 50-day moving average price of $28.50 and a 200 day moving average price of $30.27. ACADIA Pharmaceuticals Inc. has a 12-month low of $16.64 and a 12-month high of $42.49. The stock’s market cap is $3.80 billion. ACADIA Pharmaceuticals (NASDAQ:ACAD) last announced its earnings results on Monday, November 7th. The biopharmaceutical company reported ($0.61) earnings per share for the quarter, missing the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of ($0.56) by $0.05. ACADIA Pharmaceuticals had a negative net margin of 4,427.79% and a negative return on equity of 58.46%. The firm had revenue of $5.30 million for the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $2.90 million. During the same period in the prior year, the business earned ($0.39) EPS. The company’s quarterly revenue was up 13489.7% compared to the same quarter last year. Equities research analysts predict that ACADIA Pharmaceuticals Inc. will post ($2.35) EPS for the current fiscal year. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION WARNING: “ACADIA Pharmaceuticals Inc. (ACAD) Shares Sold by TIAA CREF Investment Management LLC” was posted by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are accessing this article on another publication, it was illegally copied and republished in violation of US and international trademark & copyright legislation. The correct version of this article can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/01/18/acadia-pharmaceuticals-inc-acad-shares-sold-by-tiaa-cref-investment-management-llc.html. Several research analysts have recently issued reports on the company. HC Wainwright reaffirmed a “buy” rating and set a $60.00 price target on shares of ACADIA Pharmaceuticals in a research note on Sunday, September 25th. Cowen and Company reaffirmed an “outperform” rating and set a $42.00 price target on shares of ACADIA Pharmaceuticals in a research note on Friday, September 30th. Zacks Investment Research downgraded ACADIA Pharmaceuticals from a “hold” rating to a “sell” rating in a research note on Tuesday, January 10th. J P Morgan Chase & Co reaffirmed a “buy” rating on shares of ACADIA Pharmaceuticals in a research note on Wednesday, January 11th. Finally, Leerink Swann assumed coverage on ACADIA Pharmaceuticals in a research note on Tuesday, October 4th. They set a “market perform” rating and a $34.00 price target for the company. One equities research analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, four have assigned a hold rating, eight have given a buy rating and one has issued a strong buy rating to the company. The company presently has an average rating of “Buy” and an average price target of $40.19. In related news, EVP Glenn Baity sold 10,000 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction dated Tuesday, December 20th. The stock was sold at an average price of $30.00, for a total transaction of $300,000.00. The sale was disclosed in a legal filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is accessible through this link. Corporate insiders own 21.65% of the company’s stock. About ACADIA Pharmaceuticals ACADIA Pharmaceuticals Inc is a biopharmaceutical company. The Company is focused on the development and commercialization of medicines for central nervous system disorders. The Company’s lead drug candidate, NUPLAZID (pimavanserin), is under development for the treatment of Parkinson’s disease psychosis (PDP). Want to see what other hedge funds are holding ACAD? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for ACADIA Pharmaceuticals Inc. (NASDAQ:ACAD). Receive News & Ratings for ACADIA Pharmaceuticals Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for ACADIA Pharmaceuticals Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Trump’s Labor Secretary Choice Outsourced Jobs President Trump Agenda: Border Wall and Sanctuary Cities White House Says President Trump Will Not Release His Tax Returns Protesters Plan Big Disruptions for Trump Inauguration Summer Zervos Filing Defamation Suit Against Donald Trump © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
SUBSCRIBE NOWto get home delivery News Sports Life Money Tech Travel Opinion Weather Icon Humidity Precip. Winds Open settings Settings Enter City, State or Zip Cancel Set Close settingsFull Forecast Crosswords Washington Video Stocks Apps Best-Selling Books Classifieds College Corrections Interactives Newsletters Photo Galleries Scores Newsstand Audio Investigations Policing the USA More News Sports Life Money Tech Travel Opinion Weather Crosswords Washington Video Stocks Apps Best-Selling Books Classifieds College Corrections Interactives Newsletters Photo Galleries Scores Newsstand Audio Investigations Policing the USA Lightpost Search Firefly Hi Already a subscriber?Sign In Subscribe to USA TODAYSubscribe Now Already a print edition subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. Manage your account settings.My Account Log Out Get the newsLog In or Subscribe to skip Sign in with FacebookSign in with GoogleSign in FAQ 11678 72 Share This Story! Let friends in your social network know what you are reading about FacebookEmailTwitterGoogle+LinkedInPinterest JPMorgan pays $55M to settle mortgage discrimination lawsuit The U.S. said the bank overcharged "thousands" of black, Hispanic borrowers. Post to Facebook JPMorgan pays $55M to settle mortgage discrimination lawsuit The U.S. said the bank overcharged "thousands" of black, Hispanic borrowers.  Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/2jyGw78 {# #} CancelSend Sent! A link has been sent to your friend's email address. Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. 42 Join the Nation's Conversation To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs JPMorgan pays $55M to settle mortgage discrimination lawsuit Nathan Bomey , USA TODAY Published 8:50 a.m. ET Jan. 18, 2017 | Updated 7:18 p.m. ET Jan. 18, 2017 CLOSE Skip in Skip x Embed x Share The United States has sued JPMorgan Chase & Co. alleging the bank charged thousands of African-American and Hispanic borrowers more than white borrowers with the same credit profile for home loans. USA TODAY NETWORK JPMorgan (Photo: STAN HONDA, AFP/Getty Images) 11678 CONNECTTWEET 72 LINKEDIN 42 COMMENTEMAILMORE JPMorgan Chase agreed to a $55 million settlement with the government over allegations that it discriminated against "thousands" of African American and Latino mortgage borrowers, it was disclosed Wednesday. The bank's independent brokers charged minority borrowers higher mortgage interest rates and fees during from 2006 to 2009, compared to "similarly situated white borrowers," according to a government lawsuit filed in a New York federal court. JPMorgan is expected to settle the lawsuit for $55 million without admitting any liability. “We’ve agreed to settle these legacy allegations that relate to pricing set by independent brokers," the company said in a statement. "We deny any wrongdoing and remain committed to providing equal access to credit.” The settlement was just one of the actions reported Wednesday taken against JPMorgan by the government. On the same day, the Labor Department said it filed a lawsuit against JPMorgan alleging that the bank has systematically discriminated against female employees by paying them less than men in similar jobs. JPMorgan responded that it is committed to diversity in the workplace and looks forward to putting the case before a "neutral decision maker." The mortgage lawsuit, filed by U.S. attorney Preet Bharara of the Southern District of New York, alleges that the average black or Hispanic home buyer paid about $1,000 more than white borrowers with the same risk profile. Altogether, the alleged discrimination cost at least 53,000 borrowers "tens of millions of dollars in damages," the government said. JPMorgan Chase attorneys denied the allegations in a response filed in court. In the lawsuit, the U.S. government sought damages for borrowers, civil penalties and an order preventing further discrimination. The bank gave its independent mortgage brokers the discretion to adjust pricing based on factors not related to borrower risk without documentation or justification, the government alleged. The lawsuit also accuses Chase of rewarding brokers with bonuses for charging interest rates above those based on standard credit criteria. The average black borrower paid about $1,126 more over the first five years on an average loan of $191,100, according to the government, while the average Hispanic borrower paid about $968 more on an average loan of $236,800. "Even when Chase had reason to know there were disparities, however, Chase did not act to determine the full scope of these wholesale pricing disparities, nor did it take prompt and effective action to eliminate those disparities, nor did it engage in adequate efforts to remedy the impact of those disparities upon the borrowers," the plaintiffs charged in the lawsuit. Follow USA TODAY reporter Nathan Bomey on Twitter @NathanBomey. 11678 CONNECTTWEET 72 LINKEDIN 42 COMMENTEMAILMORE Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/2jyGw78 NEVER MISS OUT Managing Your Money Master your money with the latest business and investment news, articles and tips from financial experts each Friday. Privacy Notice THANKS FOR SIGNING UP FOR THE Managing Your Money NEWSLETTER We're sorry. something went wrong. Please try again soon, or contact Customer Service at 1-800-872-0001Sign up for more Newsletters
Home About/Contact US Privacy Policy Staff Daily Email Updates Headlines Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Investing Amphastar Pharmaceuticals Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Amphastar Pharmaceuticals Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Recent Posts National Asset Management Inc. Sells 2 Shares of Apple Hospitality REIT, Inc. (APLE) Bemis Company, Inc. (BMS) Shares Bought by National Asset Management Inc. Panagora Asset Management Inc. Reduces Stake in Everest Re Group, Ltd. (RE) Panagora Asset Management Inc. Buys 12,475 Shares of Reliance Steel & Aluminum Co. (RS) Panagora Asset Management Inc. Acquires 186,494 Shares of American Express Company (AXP) CBS Corporation (CBS) Position Increased by Capital International Sarl Fuller & Thaler Asset Management Inc. Lowers Position in ADTRAN, Inc. (ADTN) Energizer Holdings, Inc. (ENR) Stake Lowered by Fuller & Thaler Asset Management Inc. TPG Group Holdings SBS Advisors Inc. Sells 716,539 Shares of Verint Systems Inc. (VRNT) Blackstone Group L.P. Invests $9,189,000 in Brunswick Corporation (BC) Gamestop Corporation (GME) Stake Cut by National Asset Management Inc. Blackstone Group L.P. Sells 11,441 Shares of W.R. Grace & Co. (GRA) Fuller & Thaler Asset Management Inc. Has $52,380,000 Position in Artisan Partners Asset Management Inc. (APAM) Highbridge Capital Management LLC Boosts Stake in United Therapeutics Corporation (UTHR) Coca-Cola European Partners PLC (CCE) Shares Sold by Highbridge Capital Management LLC Highbridge Capital Management LLC Sells 45,230 Shares of DISH Network Corporation (DISH) Highbridge Capital Management LLC Boosts Stake in Brink’s Company (The) (BCO) Moors & Cabot Inc. Sells 2,391 Shares of Mplx Lp (MPLX) General Mills, Inc. (GIS) Shares Bought by Moors & Cabot Inc. Moors & Cabot Inc. Has $1,034,000 Stake in National Oilwell Varco, Inc. (NOV) Piermont Capital Management Inc. Purchases New Stake in Amphastar Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (AMPH) Posted by William Strong on Jan 18th, 2017 // No Comments Tweet Piermont Capital Management Inc. purchased a new stake in shares of Amphastar Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (NASDAQ:AMPH) during the third quarter, according to its most recent filing with the SEC. The institutional investor purchased 26,663 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $506,000. Piermont Capital Management Inc. owned approximately 0.06% of Amphastar Pharmaceuticals at the end of the most recent reporting period. Other hedge funds and other institutional investors also recently added to or reduced their stakes in the company. Dimensional Fund Advisors LP boosted its position in Amphastar Pharmaceuticals by 40.2% in the second quarter. Dimensional Fund Advisors LP now owns 361,010 shares of the company’s stock valued at $5,819,000 after buying an additional 103,556 shares in the last quarter. Acrospire Investment Management LLC boosted its position in Amphastar Pharmaceuticals by 57.5% in the second quarter. Acrospire Investment Management LLC now owns 6,791 shares of the company’s stock valued at $109,000 after buying an additional 2,479 shares in the last quarter. Nationwide Fund Advisors boosted its position in Amphastar Pharmaceuticals by 30.3% in the second quarter. Nationwide Fund Advisors now owns 51,240 shares of the company’s stock valued at $826,000 after buying an additional 11,915 shares in the last quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. boosted its position in Amphastar Pharmaceuticals by 9.1% in the second quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 434,207 shares of the company’s stock valued at $6,999,000 after buying an additional 36,254 shares in the last quarter. Finally, Ameriprise Financial Inc. bought a new position in Amphastar Pharmaceuticals during the second quarter valued at $1,521,000. 48.06% of the stock is currently owned by hedge funds and other institutional investors. Shares of Amphastar Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (NASDAQ:AMPH) traded down 3.73% on Tuesday, hitting $16.51. 856,722 shares of the stock traded hands. The stock has a 50 day moving average price of $19.33 and a 200-day moving average price of $18.76. The stock has a market cap of $759.84 million, a price-to-earnings ratio of 36.05 and a beta of 1.83. Amphastar Pharmaceuticals, Inc. has a 52 week low of $10.50 and a 52 week high of $21.75. Amphastar Pharmaceuticals (NASDAQ:AMPH) last released its quarterly earnings results on Tuesday, November 8th. The company reported $0.14 earnings per share for the quarter, topping the consensus estimate of $0.03 by $0.11. Amphastar Pharmaceuticals had a net margin of 7.75% and a return on equity of 6.79%. The business had revenue of $64.20 million for the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $65.12 million. During the same period in the previous year, the company earned ($0.01) earnings per share. The firm’s revenue for the quarter was up .5% compared to the same quarter last year. On average, equities research analysts forecast that Amphastar Pharmaceuticals, Inc. will post $0.47 EPS for the current year. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION NOTICE: This article was posted by Web Breaking News and is the sole property of of Web Breaking News. If you are viewing this article on another domain, it was copied illegally and reposted in violation of U.S. & international trademark and copyright legislation. The original version of this article can be read at http://www.webbreakingnews.com/2017/01/18/piermont-capital-management-inc-purchases-new-stake-in-amphastar-pharmaceuticals-inc-amph.html. Several research analysts have weighed in on the stock. Wells Fargo & Company reissued an “outperform” rating and issued a $29.00 price target (up from $22.00) on shares of Amphastar Pharmaceuticals in a report on Wednesday, December 21st. Zacks Investment Research cut shares of Amphastar Pharmaceuticals from a “strong-buy” rating to a “hold” rating in a report on Monday, October 10th. Finally, Jefferies Group set a $21.00 price target on shares of Amphastar Pharmaceuticals and gave the company a “buy” rating in a report on Wednesday, November 9th. Three analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and four have given a buy rating to the stock. The company has a consensus rating of “Buy” and a consensus price target of $21.43. In other news, Director Howard Lee sold 37,994 shares of the stock in a transaction on Tuesday, November 15th. The shares were sold at an average price of $20.65, for a total value of $784,576.10. Following the transaction, the director now owns 134,527 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $2,777,982.55. The sale was disclosed in a legal filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is available through this link. Also, insider Jason B. Shandell sold 26,335 shares of the stock in a transaction on Monday, November 28th. The stock was sold at an average price of $20.48, for a total transaction of $539,340.80. Following the completion of the transaction, the insider now directly owns 205,004 shares in the company, valued at approximately $4,198,481.92. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. 29.30% of the stock is currently owned by company insiders. About Amphastar Pharmaceuticals Amphastar Pharmaceuticals, Inc is a specialty pharmaceutical company. The Company focuses primarily on developing, manufacturing, marketing and selling generic and injectable and inhalation products. The Company has two segments: finished pharmaceutical products and active pharmaceutical ingredients (API) products. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding AMPH? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Amphastar Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (NASDAQ:AMPH). Receive News & Ratings for Amphastar Pharmaceuticals Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Amphastar Pharmaceuticals Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter. « Previous Capital One National Association Has $533,000 Stake in James River Group Holdings, Ltd. (JRVR) Next » Exelixis, Inc. (EXEL) Position Maintained by Alambic Investment Management L.P. Latest News Nike Suspends Relationship with Maria Sharapova Rob Bironas Ex-Titans Kicker Dies in Car Crash Ron Washington Leaves Texas Rangers Due to an Affair Jonathan Dwyer Falls in Line with Other Banned NFL Players Tony Stewart Case Going to the Grand Jury Oscar Pistorius “Blade Runner” Found Not Guilty of Murder Leave a Reply Click here to cancel reply. Name (Required) Mail (will not be published) (Required) Website   Home Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Headlines Investing © 2006-2017 Web Breaking News.
Home About/Contact US Privacy Policy Staff Daily Email Updates Headlines Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Investing James River Group Holdings Ltd. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for James River Group Holdings Ltd. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Recent Posts National Asset Management Inc. Sells 2 Shares of Apple Hospitality REIT, Inc. (APLE) Bemis Company, Inc. (BMS) Shares Bought by National Asset Management Inc. Panagora Asset Management Inc. Reduces Stake in Everest Re Group, Ltd. (RE) Panagora Asset Management Inc. Buys 12,475 Shares of Reliance Steel & Aluminum Co. (RS) Panagora Asset Management Inc. Acquires 186,494 Shares of American Express Company (AXP) CBS Corporation (CBS) Position Increased by Capital International Sarl Fuller & Thaler Asset Management Inc. Lowers Position in ADTRAN, Inc. (ADTN) Energizer Holdings, Inc. (ENR) Stake Lowered by Fuller & Thaler Asset Management Inc. TPG Group Holdings SBS Advisors Inc. Sells 716,539 Shares of Verint Systems Inc. (VRNT) Blackstone Group L.P. Invests $9,189,000 in Brunswick Corporation (BC) Gamestop Corporation (GME) Stake Cut by National Asset Management Inc. Blackstone Group L.P. Sells 11,441 Shares of W.R. Grace & Co. (GRA) Fuller & Thaler Asset Management Inc. Has $52,380,000 Position in Artisan Partners Asset Management Inc. (APAM) Highbridge Capital Management LLC Boosts Stake in United Therapeutics Corporation (UTHR) Coca-Cola European Partners PLC (CCE) Shares Sold by Highbridge Capital Management LLC Highbridge Capital Management LLC Sells 45,230 Shares of DISH Network Corporation (DISH) Highbridge Capital Management LLC Boosts Stake in Brink’s Company (The) (BCO) Moors & Cabot Inc. Sells 2,391 Shares of Mplx Lp (MPLX) General Mills, Inc. (GIS) Shares Bought by Moors & Cabot Inc. Moors & Cabot Inc. Has $1,034,000 Stake in National Oilwell Varco, Inc. (NOV) Capital One National Association Has $533,000 Stake in James River Group Holdings, Ltd. (JRVR) Posted by Jacob Kohn on Jan 18th, 2017 // No Comments Tweet Capital One National Association increased its position in James River Group Holdings, Ltd. (NASDAQ:JRVR) by 3.9% during the third quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The institutional investor owned 14,729 shares of the company’s stock after buying an additional 558 shares during the period. Capital One National Association owned about 0.05% of James River Group Holdings worth $533,000 as of its most recent filing with the SEC. Several other hedge funds also recently modified their holdings of the company. Royal Bank of Canada raised its position in shares of James River Group Holdings by 33.3% in the second quarter. Royal Bank of Canada now owns 3,809 shares of the company’s stock worth $129,000 after buying an additional 951 shares during the last quarter. BlackRock Inc. raised its position in shares of James River Group Holdings by 398.0% in the second quarter. BlackRock Inc. now owns 3,889 shares of the company’s stock worth $132,000 after buying an additional 3,108 shares during the last quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. raised its position in shares of James River Group Holdings by 12,238.5% in the second quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 4,812 shares of the company’s stock worth $164,000 after buying an additional 4,773 shares during the last quarter. BlackRock Group LTD raised its position in shares of James River Group Holdings by 8.4% in the second quarter. BlackRock Group LTD now owns 6,070 shares of the company’s stock worth $206,000 after buying an additional 469 shares during the last quarter. Finally, BlackRock Advisors LLC raised its position in shares of James River Group Holdings by 92.4% in the second quarter. BlackRock Advisors LLC now owns 6,722 shares of the company’s stock worth $228,000 after buying an additional 3,228 shares during the last quarter. 94.86% of the stock is currently owned by hedge funds and other institutional investors. Shares of James River Group Holdings, Ltd. (NASDAQ:JRVR) traded down 1.54% during midday trading on Tuesday, reaching $41.04. 73,758 shares of the company’s stock were exchanged. The firm has a market cap of $1.19 billion, a PE ratio of 19.91 and a beta of 0.58. The stock’s 50-day moving average is $40.39 and its 200 day moving average is $37.30. James River Group Holdings, Ltd. has a one year low of $25.86 and a one year high of $42.22. James River Group Holdings (NASDAQ:JRVR) last issued its earnings results on Wednesday, November 2nd. The company reported $0.72 EPS for the quarter, topping the Zacks’ consensus estimate of $0.71 by $0.01. The business had revenue of $151.40 million for the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $151.86 million. James River Group Holdings had a net margin of 11.34% and a return on equity of 9.22%. The company’s quarterly revenue was up 13.7% compared to the same quarter last year. During the same period last year, the company posted $0.65 earnings per share. Analysts anticipate that James River Group Holdings, Ltd. will post $2.26 EPS for the current year. The business also recently announced a dividend, which was paid on Thursday, December 29th. Stockholders of record on Friday, December 16th were given a dividend of $1.65 per share. The ex-dividend date of this dividend was Wednesday, December 14th. This is a positive change from James River Group Holdings’s previous dividend of $0.16. James River Group Holdings’s dividend payout ratio (DPR) is 58.25%. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY WARNING: “Capital One National Association Has $533,000 Stake in James River Group Holdings, Ltd. (JRVR)” was first posted by Web Breaking News and is the sole property of of Web Breaking News. If you are accessing this article on another domain, it was illegally stolen and republished in violation of United States & international copyright & trademark laws. The legal version of this article can be accessed at http://www.webbreakingnews.com/2017/01/18/capital-one-national-association-has-533000-stake-in-james-river-group-holdings-ltd-jrvr.html. A number of equities analysts recently weighed in on JRVR shares. FBR & Co boosted their price objective on shares of James River Group Holdings from $36.00 to $40.00 and gave the stock an “outperform” rating in a report on Tuesday, October 4th. Zacks Investment Research lowered shares of James River Group Holdings from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating in a report on Wednesday, January 4th. Keefe, Bruyette & Woods lowered shares of James River Group Holdings from an “outperform” rating to a “market perform” rating and boosted their price objective for the stock from $38.00 to $40.00 in a report on Monday, November 14th. Finally, TheStreet upgraded shares of James River Group Holdings from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating in a report on Monday, December 12th. Two research analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and three have given a buy rating to the company. James River Group Holdings presently has an average rating of “Buy” and an average target price of $40.00. In other news, Director Bryan Martin sold 450,000 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Monday, December 12th. The shares were sold at an average price of $38.00, for a total transaction of $17,100,000.00. The sale was disclosed in a document filed with the SEC, which is available through the SEC website. Insiders own 12.20% of the company’s stock. James River Group Holdings Company Profile James River Group Holdings, Ltd. is an insurance holding company. The Company owns and operates a group of specialty insurance and reinsurance companies. The Company operates through four segments: Excess and Surplus Lines, Specialty Admitted Insurance, Casualty Reinsurance, and Corporate and Other. The Excess and Surplus Lines segment offers excess and surplus commercial lines liability and property insurance. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding JRVR? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for James River Group Holdings, Ltd. (NASDAQ:JRVR). Receive News & Ratings for James River Group Holdings Ltd. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for James River Group Holdings Ltd. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter. « Previous Brown Brothers Harriman & Co. Has $519,000 Position in IDEXX Laboratories, Inc. (IDXX) Next » Piermont Capital Management Inc. Purchases New Stake in Amphastar Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (AMPH) Latest News Nike Suspends Relationship with Maria Sharapova Rob Bironas Ex-Titans Kicker Dies in Car Crash Ron Washington Leaves Texas Rangers Due to an Affair Jonathan Dwyer Falls in Line with Other Banned NFL Players Tony Stewart Case Going to the Grand Jury Oscar Pistorius “Blade Runner” Found Not Guilty of Murder Leave a Reply Click here to cancel reply. Name (Required) Mail (will not be published) (Required) Website   Home Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Headlines Investing © 2006-2017 Web Breaking News.
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy   Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Aduro Biotech Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Aduro Biotech Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Columbus McKinnon Corporation (CMCO) Rating Increased to Buy at Sidoti Visa Inc. (V) Stake Raised by Ropes Wealth Advisors LLC Clifford Swan Investment Counsel LLC Purchases 16,494 Shares of Gilead Sciences, Inc. (GILD) Spark Investment Management LLC Acquires Shares of 11,500 Proteon Therapeutics, Inc. (PRTO) Spark Investment Management LLC Increases Stake in PRGX Global, Inc. (PRGX) Bemis Company, Inc. (BMS) Stake Boosted by Principal Financial Group Inc. Dunkin’ Brands Group, Inc. (DNKN) Position Boosted by Principal Financial Group Inc. FBR & Co Research Analysts Decrease Earnings Estimates for Prima BioMed Ltd (PBMD) Brokers Issue Forecasts for Enterprise Financial Services Corporation’s Q2 2017 Earnings (EFSC) FY2017 EPS Estimates for Meredith Corporation Lifted by Jefferies Group (MDP) Q2 2017 EPS Estimates for MarineMax, Inc. Increased by Northcoast Research (HZO) GrubHub Inc. (GRUB) Given Consensus Rating of “Buy” by Analysts Regions Financial Corporation (RF) to Post FY2017 Earnings of $1.00 Per Share, CLSA Forecasts Suntrust Banks Inc. Reduces Stake in Harman International Industries, Incorporated (HAR) Liberty Broadband Corporation (LBRDA) Stake Lowered by Suntrust Banks Inc. Mead Johnson Nutrition Company (MJN) Position Cut by Suntrust Banks Inc. Suntrust Banks Inc. Buys New Stake in Prosperity Bancshares, Inc. (PB) Suntrust Banks Inc. Sells 176 Shares of Allegiant Travel Company (ALGT) Altria Group (MO) Position Held by Riggs Asset Managment Co. Inc. Great Plains Energy Inc (GXP) Position Boosted by Northern Trust Corp 61,341 Shares in Aduro Biotech, Inc. (ADRO) Acquired by Schroder Investment Management Group January 17th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Jeff Wilder Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Schroder Investment Management Group acquired a new stake in shares of Aduro Biotech, Inc. (NASDAQ:ADRO) during the third quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The fund acquired 61,341 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $762,000. Schroder Investment Management Group owned 0.09% of Aduro Biotech at the end of the most recent reporting period. A number of other institutional investors have also added to or reduced their stakes in the stock. Emerald Acquisition Ltd. purchased a new position in Aduro Biotech during the second quarter valued at $454,000. Alps Advisors Inc. boosted its position in Aduro Biotech by 27.7% in the second quarter. Alps Advisors Inc. now owns 90,766 shares of the company’s stock valued at $1,027,000 after buying an additional 19,663 shares during the last quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. boosted its position in Aduro Biotech by 24.5% in the second quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 112,623 shares of the company’s stock valued at $1,274,000 after buying an additional 22,173 shares during the last quarter. California State Teachers Retirement System boosted its position in shares of Aduro Biotech by 312.5% in the second quarter. California State Teachers Retirement System now owns 74,366 shares of the company’s stock worth $841,000 after buying an additional 56,340 shares in the last quarter. Finally, Schwab Charles Investment Management Inc. boosted its position in shares of Aduro Biotech by 198.9% in the second quarter. Schwab Charles Investment Management Inc. now owns 65,571 shares of the company’s stock worth $742,000 after buying an additional 43,636 shares in the last quarter. 35.52% of the stock is currently owned by institutional investors and hedge funds. Shares of Aduro Biotech, Inc. (NASDAQ:ADRO) traded down 4.07% on Tuesday, hitting $11.80. The stock had a trading volume of 539,501 shares. The firm’s market cap is $792.75 million. Aduro Biotech, Inc. has a 12 month low of $7.26 and a 12 month high of $20.95. The firm’s 50-day moving average price is $11.71 and its 200 day moving average price is $12.95. Aduro Biotech (NASDAQ:ADRO) last issued its quarterly earnings data on Wednesday, November 2nd. The company reported ($0.54) earnings per share for the quarter, missing analysts’ consensus estimates of ($0.45) by $0.09. The firm earned $3.79 million during the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $3.99 million. Aduro Biotech had a negative return on equity of 23.45% and a negative net margin of 72.04%. The company’s revenue was down 79.8% on a year-over-year basis. During the same quarter last year, the company posted $0.01 EPS. Analysts anticipate that Aduro Biotech, Inc. will post ($1.35) EPS for the current fiscal year. TRADEMARK VIOLATION NOTICE: This story was originally reported by Daily Political and is the propert of of Daily Political. If you are accessing this story on another publication, it was illegally stolen and republished in violation of US & international trademark & copyright law. The legal version of this story can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/01/17/61341-shares-in-aduro-biotech-inc-adro-acquired-by-schroder-investment-management-group.html. A number of brokerages recently commented on ADRO. Canaccord Genuity set a $30.00 target price on Aduro Biotech and gave the stock a “buy” rating in a report on Tuesday, December 6th. Roth Capital reaffirmed a “buy” rating and issued a $20.00 target price on shares of Aduro Biotech in a report on Friday, November 25th. FBR & Co reaffirmed a “buy” rating on shares of Aduro Biotech in a report on Tuesday, November 22nd. Finally, Leerink Swann set a $14.00 price target on Aduro Biotech and gave the stock a “buy” rating in a research note on Monday, October 24th. Two investment analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating and five have given a buy rating to the company’s stock. The company has an average rating of “Hold” and an average target price of $19.60. In other Aduro Biotech news, Director Ross Haghighat sold 7,088 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction dated Monday, November 14th. The shares were sold at an average price of $15.50, for a total value of $109,864.00. The sale was disclosed in a filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is available at the SEC website. Also, insider Stephen T. Isaacs sold 27,273 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction dated Tuesday, January 3rd. The stock was sold at an average price of $11.12, for a total transaction of $303,275.76. Following the completion of the transaction, the insider now owns 119,896 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $1,333,243.52. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. 6.50% of the stock is currently owned by company insiders. About Aduro Biotech Aduro Biotech, Inc is a clinical-stage immunotherapy company. The Company is focused on the discovery, development and commercialization of therapies that transform the treatment of various diseases. The Company has developed approximately three technology platforms, which include Live, Attenuated, Double-Deleted (LADD), Stimulator of Interferon Genes (STING) Pathway Activator and B-select monoclonal antibodies. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding ADRO? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Aduro Biotech, Inc. (NASDAQ:ADRO). Receive News & Ratings for Aduro Biotech Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Aduro Biotech Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Trump Agenda: Border Wall and Sanctuary Cities White House Says President Trump Will Not Release His Tax Returns Protesters Plan Big Disruptions for Trump Inauguration Summer Zervos Filing Defamation Suit Against Donald Trump Trump Says EU Dissolution Was Caused by Refugees © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy   Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Sterling Bancorp - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Sterling Bancorp with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News RBF Capital LLC Has $694,000 Stake in PGT, Inc. (PGTI) RBF Capital LLC Has $736,000 Position in Cogent Communications Holdings, Inc. (CCOI) J.B. Hunt Transport Services, Inc. (JBHT) Position Decreased by U S Global Investors Inc. Wyndham Worldwide Corp (WYN) Shares Sold by D. E. Shaw & Co. Inc. Owens Corning Inc (OC) Shares Sold by D. E. Shaw & Co. Inc. Palo Alto Networks, Inc. (PANW) Stake Lowered by Nuveen Fund Advisors LLC Rowan Companies PLC (RDC) Shares Sold by Gotham Asset Management LLC Gotham Asset Management LLC Reduces Stake in Best Buy Co., Inc. (BBY) ResMed Inc. (RMD) Position Increased by Gotham Asset Management LLC D. E. Shaw & Co. Inc. Has $42,931,000 Position in Hubbell Inc (HUBB) D. E. Shaw & Co. Inc. Has $42,085,000 Position in Armstrong World Industries Inc (AWI) Recent Research Analysts’ Ratings Changes for Equifax (EFX) Ontario Teachers Pension Plan Board Has $6,997,000 Stake in Intercontinental Exchange Inc. (ICE) Ontario Teachers Pension Plan Board Increases Stake in Kellogg Company (K) Kimco Realty Corporation (KIM) Shares Bought by Ontario Teachers Pension Plan Board Spectra Energy Partners, LP (SEP) Shares Bought by Virtus ETF Advisers LLC Clinton Group Inc. Purchases Shares of 53,215 Phillips 66 (PSX) Clinton Group Inc. Sells 112,392 Shares of Darden Restaurants, Inc. (DRI) The Manufacturers Life Insurance Company Takes Position in Netflix, Inc. (NFLX) Virtus Investment Advisers Inc. Acquires Shares of 25,286 Autodesk, Inc. (ADSK) State of Tennessee Treasury Department Has $1,813,000 Position in Sterling Bancorp (STL) January 17th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Latisha Jones Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet State of Tennessee Treasury Department raised its position in shares of Sterling Bancorp (NYSE:STL) by 9.7% during the third quarter, according to its most recent disclosure with the SEC. The firm owned 103,599 shares of the financial services provider’s stock after buying an additional 9,120 shares during the period. State of Tennessee Treasury Department’s holdings in Sterling Bancorp were worth $1,813,000 at the end of the most recent reporting period. A number of other hedge funds and other institutional investors have also bought and sold shares of STL. Bank of Montreal Can acquired a new position in Sterling Bancorp during the second quarter worth about $12,643,000. Macquarie Group Ltd. boosted its position in Sterling Bancorp by 16.3% in the second quarter. Macquarie Group Ltd. now owns 1,335,742 shares of the financial services provider’s stock worth $20,971,000 after buying an additional 187,197 shares during the last quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. boosted its position in Sterling Bancorp by 10.1% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 682,479 shares of the financial services provider’s stock worth $11,944,000 after buying an additional 62,699 shares during the last quarter. BlackRock Fund Advisors boosted its position in Sterling Bancorp by 14.3% in the third quarter. BlackRock Fund Advisors now owns 8,942,549 shares of the financial services provider’s stock worth $156,495,000 after buying an additional 1,120,306 shares during the last quarter. Finally, TIAA CREF Investment Management LLC boosted its position in Sterling Bancorp by 3.0% in the third quarter. TIAA CREF Investment Management LLC now owns 645,509 shares of the financial services provider’s stock worth $11,296,000 after buying an additional 18,788 shares during the last quarter. 74.10% of the stock is owned by hedge funds and other institutional investors. Sterling Bancorp (NYSE:STL) traded down 2.33% during mid-day trading on Tuesday, reaching $23.10. The company had a trading volume of 1,075,153 shares. Sterling Bancorp has a one year low of $13.44 and a one year high of $24.65. The stock has a 50 day moving average price of $23.57 and a 200 day moving average price of $19.08. The company has a market capitalization of $3.02 billion, a P/E ratio of 22.87 and a beta of 1.17. Sterling Bancorp (NYSE:STL) last announced its earnings results on Tuesday, October 25th. The financial services provider reported $0.29 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, topping the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of $0.28 by $0.01. The business earned $112.20 million during the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $122.20 million. Sterling Bancorp had a return on equity of 7.90% and a net margin of 25.55%. On average, equities analysts expect that Sterling Bancorp will post $0.69 earnings per share for the current fiscal year. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY NOTICE: “State of Tennessee Treasury Department Has $1,813,000 Position in Sterling Bancorp (STL)” was originally reported by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are viewing this piece on another publication, it was stolen and republished in violation of U.S. & international trademark & copyright law. The legal version of this piece can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/01/17/state-of-tennessee-treasury-department-has-1813000-position-in-sterling-bancorp-stl.html. A number of research analysts have issued reports on STL shares. Zacks Investment Research cut Sterling Bancorp from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating in a research note on Wednesday, September 28th. Jefferies Group restated a “buy” rating and issued a $21.00 price target on shares of Sterling Bancorp in a report on Tuesday, November 1st. Piper Jaffray Companies upgraded Sterling Bancorp from a “neutral” rating to an “overweight” rating and set a $25.50 price target on the stock in a report on Wednesday, January 11th. Hovde Group assumed coverage on Sterling Bancorp in a report on Monday, October 10th. They issued an “outperform” rating and a $20.00 price target on the stock. Finally, Maxim Group boosted their price target on Sterling Bancorp from $21.00 to $27.00 and gave the company a “buy” rating in a report on Monday, December 19th. Three analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and five have assigned a buy rating to the stock. Sterling Bancorp presently has an average rating of “Buy” and an average price target of $22.08. In other Sterling Bancorp news, Director James F. Deutsch sold 100,000 shares of the stock in a transaction dated Monday, November 14th. The stock was sold at an average price of $22.48, for a total transaction of $2,248,000.00. Following the completion of the sale, the director now directly owns 500 shares in the company, valued at approximately $11,240. The sale was disclosed in a document filed with the SEC, which is accessible through this hyperlink. Also, Director Craig S. Thompson sold 3,500 shares of the stock in a transaction dated Tuesday, November 15th. The stock was sold at an average price of $22.05, for a total value of $77,175.00. Following the sale, the director now owns 250,200 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $5,516,910. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Company insiders own 4.04% of the company’s stock. Sterling Bancorp Company Profile Sterling Bancorp is a financial holding company. The Company is a bank holding company that owns the Sterling National Bank (the Bank). The Bank specializes in the delivery of services and solutions to business owners, their families and consumers within the communities it serves. The Bank offers a line of commercial, business, and consumer banking products and services. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding STL? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Sterling Bancorp (NYSE:STL). Receive News & Ratings for Sterling Bancorp Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Sterling Bancorp and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Trump’s Labor Secretary Choice Outsourced Jobs President Trump Agenda: Border Wall and Sanctuary Cities White House Says President Trump Will Not Release His Tax Returns Protesters Plan Big Disruptions for Trump Inauguration Summer Zervos Filing Defamation Suit Against Donald Trump © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy   Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance FirstCash Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for FirstCash Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News United Parcel Service, Inc. (UPS) Lowered to Hold at Vetr Inc. Masimo Corporation (MASI) Stake Raised by Principal Financial Group Inc. Freeport-McMoran, Inc. (FCX) Position Lowered by Principal Financial Group Inc. Regions Financial Corporation (RF) Stake Raised by Principal Financial Group Inc. DCT Industrial Trust Inc (DCT) Stake Raised by Principal Financial Group Inc. Principal Financial Group Inc. Acquires 17,346 Shares of ABIOMED, Inc. (ABMD) Principal Financial Group Inc. Has $20,519,000 Stake in Expedia, Inc. (EXPE) Wright Medical Group N.V. (WMGI) Expected to Earn Q1 2018 Earnings of $0.03 Per Share Spark Investment Management LLC Has $125,000 Stake in Riverview Bancorp Inc (RVSB) Spark Investment Management LLC Has $135,000 Stake in KemPharm, Inc. (KMPH) Q2 2018 Earnings Estimate for Builders FirstSource, Inc. (BLDR) Issued By Wedbush Huntington Bancshares Incorporated (HBAN) PT Raised to $15.00 Arctic Cat Inc. (ACAT) Stock Rating Lowered by Wells Fargo & Company Credit Suisse Group Upgrades MarketAxess Holdings, Inc. (MKTX) to “Neutral” Hawaiian Holdings, Inc. (HA) Given New $68.00 Price Target at Imperial Capital Spark Investment Management LLC Acquires Shares of 15,200 Gulf Island Fabrication, Inc. (GIFI) Aetna Inc. (AET) Lowered to “Market Perform” at Leerink Swann Intel Corporation (INTC) Given Neutral Rating at Tigress Financial NVIDIA Corporation (NVDA) Receives Strong-Buy Rating from Tigress Financial ServiceNow, Inc. (NOW) Receives “Buy” Rating from DA Davidson State of Tennessee Treasury Department Purchases 16,091 Shares of FirstCash Inc (FCFS) January 17th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Patrick Bannon Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet State of Tennessee Treasury Department boosted its stake in shares of FirstCash Inc (NASDAQ:FCFS) by 70.8% during the third quarter, according to its most recent filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission. The fund owned 38,827 shares of the company’s stock after buying an additional 16,091 shares during the period. State of Tennessee Treasury Department’s holdings in FirstCash were worth $1,828,000 at the end of the most recent quarter. Several other large investors have also recently bought and sold shares of FCFS. BlackRock Fund Advisors increased its stake in shares of FirstCash by 83.4% in the third quarter. BlackRock Fund Advisors now owns 3,354,858 shares of the company’s stock valued at $157,947,000 after buying an additional 1,525,120 shares during the period. JPMorgan Chase & Co. increased its stake in shares of FirstCash by 158.9% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 1,550,538 shares of the company’s stock valued at $73,000,000 after buying an additional 951,670 shares during the period. BlackRock Institutional Trust Company N.A. increased its stake in shares of FirstCash by 79.2% in the third quarter. BlackRock Institutional Trust Company N.A. now owns 1,285,473 shares of the company’s stock valued at $60,520,000 after buying an additional 568,312 shares during the period. New York State Common Retirement Fund increased its stake in shares of FirstCash by 1,231.7% in the third quarter. New York State Common Retirement Fund now owns 386,193 shares of the company’s stock valued at $18,182,000 after buying an additional 357,193 shares during the period. Finally, Ameriprise Financial Inc. increased its stake in shares of FirstCash by 201.5% in the third quarter. Ameriprise Financial Inc. now owns 422,361 shares of the company’s stock valued at $19,885,000 after buying an additional 282,265 shares during the period. FirstCash Inc (NASDAQ:FCFS) traded down 1.36% during mid-day trading on Tuesday, reaching $43.40. The company’s stock had a trading volume of 433,612 shares. The stock’s 50-day moving average is $46.56 and its 200-day moving average is $48.54. FirstCash Inc has a 12 month low of $29.64 and a 12 month high of $53.95. The firm has a market capitalization of $2.11 billion, a PE ratio of 30.20 and a beta of 0.90. FirstCash (NASDAQ:FCFS) last released its quarterly earnings data on Thursday, October 27th. The company reported $0.58 EPS for the quarter, beating the consensus estimate of $0.52 by $0.06. The company earned $261.15 million during the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $280.38 million. During the same period last year, the business earned $0.40 earnings per share. The company’s revenue for the quarter was up 54.1% compared to the same quarter last year. On average, equities analysts anticipate that FirstCash Inc will post $2.41 EPS for the current year. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION WARNING: This report was originally posted by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are accessing this report on another domain, it was illegally stolen and reposted in violation of United States & international copyright & trademark legislation. The legal version of this report can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/01/17/state-of-tennessee-treasury-department-purchases-16091-shares-of-firstcash-inc-fcfs.html. Several equities research analysts have weighed in on the company. Jefferies Group restated a “buy” rating on shares of FirstCash in a report on Monday, November 14th. Wedbush initiated coverage on FirstCash in a research report on Monday, October 10th. They set an “outperform” rating and a $58.00 price objective for the company. JMP Securities reaffirmed a “buy” rating on shares of FirstCash in a research report on Friday, November 11th. TheStreet cut FirstCash from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating in a research report on Thursday, October 27th. Finally, Janney Montgomery Scott raised FirstCash from a “neutral” rating to a “buy” rating and upped their price objective for the stock from $52.00 to $59.00 in a research report on Monday, October 3rd. Five research analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and five have issued a buy rating to the company. The company currently has a consensus rating of “Buy” and a consensus price target of $52.22. About FirstCash FirstCash, Inc, formerly First Cash Financial Services, Inc, is an operator of retail-based pawn stores in the United States and Mexico. The Company’s primary business is the operation of pawn stores, which make small pawn loans secured by personal property. Its pawn stores generate retail sales from the merchandise acquired through collateral forfeitures and over-the-counter purchases from customers. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding FCFS? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for FirstCash Inc (NASDAQ:FCFS). Receive News & Ratings for FirstCash Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for FirstCash Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Trump Agenda: Border Wall and Sanctuary Cities White House Says President Trump Will Not Release His Tax Returns Protesters Plan Big Disruptions for Trump Inauguration Summer Zervos Filing Defamation Suit Against Donald Trump Trump Says EU Dissolution Was Caused by Refugees © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
  Register Sign In × Sign In Register home practice areas + − Appellate Class Actions & Product Liability Corporate & Securities Intellectual Property Labor & Employment The Legal Industry + − Contributors Law Firms In House Law Schools alm intelligence Rankings resources events About Us Contact Us Advertise Privacy Policy eNewsletters Subscribe FOLLOW US facebook twitter linkedin rss feed All Practice Areas Appellate Class Actions & Product Liability Corporate & Securities Intellectual Property Labor & Employment Industry News Contributors Law Firms In House Law Schools practice areas All Practice Areas Appellate Class Actions & Product Liability Corporate & Securities Intellectual Property Labor & Employment The Legal Industry Industry News Contributors Law Firms In House Law Schools Rankings resources Jury Awards $51.5M in Lockheed Martin Age Discrimination Suit Charles Toutant New Jersey Law Journal CONTINUE Big Law and the Business of Blockchains (a Tale of Three Bs) Ian Lopez Legaltech News That Time When Mary Tyler Moore Went to (TV) Jail Leigh Jones The National Law Journal Former KWM partners sent second office clear-up request ahead of SRA inspection Rose Walker Legal Week Lawyers Spar Over Rex Tillerson Depo in Climate Change Class Action Ross Todd The Recorder The Push for Pay Equity › Law Firms a ‘Petri Dish’ for Bias, Gender Inequity By Lizzy McLellan| Plaintiffs Lawyers May Struggle to Cash In on Pay Equity Suits Decades After Wolf Block Suit, Ezold Calls For More Gender Bias Litigation Professional Services Firms Increasingly a Target of Pay Equity Suits Instant Insights LATEST LEGAL HEADLINES Florida DEP Official Joins Foley & Lardner as State Reveals Payments of Millions to both Foley and Latham Monika Gonzalez Mesa Daily Business Review Florida Law Prof Who Heads Children’s Law Clinic Arrested for Child Abuse Karen Sloan Daily Business Review Trio of Millionaires Tops Trump SCOTUS Shortlist Tony Mauro and Marcia Coyle The National Law Journal 'I Beg You to Recuse Me': Anna Nicole Smith Judge Finally Gets His Wish John Council Texas Lawyer Here are the Top 10 Lifestyle Law Schools ALM Staff Law.Com In Corporate Cyber-risk Planning, Legal Takes the Helm Ricci Dipshan Legaltech News Preparing Lawyers to be Practice-Ready in a Tech-Driven World Gabrielle Orum Hernández Legaltech News PRACTICE UPDATES Latest Practice Areas Justices Reject Redefinition of Charging Liens Tom McParland Injured at Employer’s Holiday Party? No Workers’ Comp Benefits (in North Carolina). Steven A. Meyerowitz, Esq., Director, FC&S Legal Year in Review: 2016 Cases Will Not Hinder Litigation Funding John Harabedian MORE NEWS Appellate Corporate and Securities Intellectual Property Labor and Employment Class Actions and Product Liability MORE NEWS PRACTITIONER INSIGHTS Injunction of the DOL's Overtime Rule and Its Appeal Tim K. Garrett Law Journal Newsletters The Athlete in Family Matters Lynne Strober and Elisabete M. Rocha Law Journal Newsletters Best Practices in Data Security for Financial Institutions Craig Nazzaro Law Journal Newsletters The Meaning of 'Sex': LGBTQ Rights Under the Legal Microscope Christopher A. D'Angelo Law Journal Newsletters Popular     'I Beg You to Recuse Me': Anna Nicole Smith Judge Finally Gets His Wish Here are the Top 10 Lifestyle Law Schools Injunction of the DOL's Overtime Rule and Its Appeal Three Things to Know About Neil Gorsuch, SCOTUS Front-Runner Attorney Accused of Copying NFL Concussion Complaint in Suit Against WWE PRACTITIONER INSIGHTS Far-Flung Places: The Travails and Travels of a Product Liability Litigator Common Sense Investing Isn’t So Common Defend Trade Secrets Act: Considerations for the Year Ahead A Constitutional Checklist Expedite your Settlement Using Bracketing CONTINUE FEATURED FIRMS Law Offices of Joe Bornstein 5 Moulton St, Portland, ME 04101 207-772-4624 | www.joebornstein.com The Mike Slocumb Law Firm 111 S. Calvert Street Suite 2700, Baltimore, MD 21202 334-741-4110 | www.slocumblaw.com Pasternack Tilker Ziegler Walsh Stanton & Romano L.L.P. 233 Broadway, New York, NY 10279 212-341-7900 | www.workerslaw.com HOT SEAT Ohio Innocence Project Handed $15 Million Donation When Work and Politics Collide, What Is an Employer to Do? 25 Years Later: Anita Hill On Sexual Harassment, Pay Equity and Title IX Federal Circuit Slams Acacia for Fostering Attorney Conflict ‘Blurred Lines’ Lawyer Keeps On Rocking the Recording Industry CONTINUE SOCIAL Tweets by @lawdotcom © 2017 ALM Media Properties, LLC. All Rights Reserved Privacy Policy | ALM License Agreement Sections Practice Areas The Legal Industry Insights Resources Tools Search Legal Dictionary Mobile App Site Map Law.com About ALM Reprints Contact Us Terms of Use Privacy Policy Law.com Law Journal Newsletters The American Lawyer Litigation Daily Asian Lawyer Corporate Counsel Legaltech News The National Law Journal Legal Times The Supreme Court Brief Commercial Litigation Insider Connecticut Law Tribune Daily Business Review (FL) Delaware Law Weekly Delaware Business Court Insider Daily Report (GA) The Legal Intelligencer (PA) New Jersey Law Journal New York Law Journal The Recorder (CA) Texas Lawyer ALM Network of Legal Publications, Events, Research, and Intelligence Tools + LIST SITES © 2017 ALM Media Properties, LLC. All Rights Reserved.
Benzinga Benzinga Pro Marketfy Financial Data & APIs Fintech Awards Premarket Prep Membership is Free What are you waiting for? Sign up now! Username: Username available! Username taken! Email: Email available! Email taken! Password: Leave blank: OR Free Account Login Click here to access your premium account Username or email: Password: OR Forgot password?' Looking for ? CLICK HERE Contribute Login Sign up Benzinga - Feed Your Mind. Home Best of Benzinga Careers About Contact Us Partners Benzinga Fintech Awards News Earnings Guidance Dividends M&A Buybacks Legal Interviews Management Retail Sales Offerings IPOs Insider Trades Biotech/FDA Markets Pre-Market After Hours Movers Forex Commodities Options Binary Options Bonds Futures Global Economics Previews Reviews Small-Cap Ratings Analyst Color Downgrades Upgrades Initiations Price Target Ideas Long Ideas Short Ideas Technicals From The Press Jim Cramer Rumors ETFs Tech Start-Ups Fintech Personal Finance Premium Products My Watchlist Analyst Color Downgrades Upgrades Initiations Price Target Market Overview Tickers Articles Keywords Search by keyword...googlecse Why The Disney Story Is Already All About 2018 Wayne Duggan , Benzinga Staff Writer     {{following ? "Following" : "Follow"}} January 17, 2017 12:07pm   Comments Share: Related DIS And The Winners Are... Oscar Nominees' Parent Media Companies Watch These 10 Huge Call Purchases In Wednesday Trade Looking at parks and films, Piper Jaffray gives Disney a boost (Seeking Alpha) It’s only mid-January, but Loop Capital is already looking ahead to 2018 when it comes to Walt Disney Co (NYSE: DIS). According to analyst David Miller, 2017 will be a transition year for Disney, but the company should bounce back to solid growth numbers in 2018. Transition Year Followed By A Year Of Growth “With DIS citing F2017 as a ‘transition year’ due to pension expenses, as well as tough comps at both Studio and Consumer Products due to last year’s Star Wars event, we continue to abandon valuing DIS off F2017 and move to F2018 as the more appropriate FY, as that will be the year that the mid/high teens earnings growth which DIS shareholders have enjoyed the past 10 years will likely re-emerge,” Miller explained. Miller isn’t concerned with the relatively weak performance of “Rogue One” in China, and Loop has not adjusted its Q4 studio-specific revenue or EBIT projections. Disney currently has a net debt ratio of only 0.78x compared to an average ratio of 2.36x among Disney’s peers. Some shareholders have been calling for Disney to increase its leverage in-line with its large-cap media peers and use the proceeds for share buybacks. Miller believes it is unlikely management will take this approach. Disney prioritizes its “A” credit ratings and the company prefers to use free cash flow for buybacks rather than debt. Loop Capital maintains a Buy rating on Disney and has raised its price target from $113 to $117. Latest Ratings for DIS Date Firm Action From To Jan 2017 BMO Capital Downgrades Market Perform Underperform Jan 2017 Goldman Sachs Upgrades Neutral Buy Jan 2017 Pivotal Research Downgrades Hold Sell View More Analyst Ratings for DIS View the Latest Analyst Ratings Posted-In: David Miller Loop CapitalAnalyst Color Long Ideas Price Target Reiteration Analyst Ratings Trading Ideas Best of Benzinga © 2017 Benzinga.com. Benzinga does not provide investment advice. All rights reserved.   Related Articles (DIS) And The Winners Are... Oscar Nominees' Parent Media Companies Watch These 10 Huge Call Purchases In Wednesday Trade Benzinga's Option Alert Recap From January 24 How The Pixar Acquisition Has Animated Disney's Box Office Sales Disney/Pixar's 11-Year Anniversary: Where Are The Pixar Founders Now? Antonio Brown And Other Times Athletes Took Social Media Too Far View Comments and Join the Discussion! View the discussion thread. Sign up for email alerts on DIS Trending Recent 1 RBS, LVS: 25 Stocks Moving In Thursday's Pre-Market Session 2 AVGR, INTC: 25 Stocks Moving In Friday's Pre-Market Session 3 XOM, UUUU: The Potential 'Rip Your Face Off' Uranium Rally 4 CAT, BMY: 15 Stocks To Watch For January 26, 2017 5 FNMA, FMCC: Pershing Square: A Reformed Fannie... 6 WBA, FRED: To The Rescue: Cerberus Ca... 7 WATT, DLGNF: Exclusive: Ener... 1 LEN, TMUS: Benzinga's Option Alert Recap From January 27 2 NTRPD: Neurotrope: A Company You Never Heard Of Might Have The Biggest Dr... 3 UAA, INTC: A CEO Who's Who Of Trump's Manufacturing Council 4 Kevin O'Leary Highlights The U.S.-Canada Trade Relat... 5 USDA Cattle on Feed report 6 SBUX: A Decade Of Schultz: How Starbucks Has Fared Since He... 7 ATHX, EEQ: Mid-Afternoon Market Update: Celestica Rises... View upcoming Earnings, Ratings, Dividend and Economic Calendars. Benzinga Benzinga is a fast-growing, dynamic and innovative financial media outlet that empowers investors with high-quality, unique content. Popular Channels Analyst Ratings Be Your Own Boss ETFs Economics Forex Hot News Options Press Releases Start-ups Tech Tools & Features Affiliate Program PreMarket Prep Feeds News Widget Real Time Feed Sitemap Submit News Tips About Benzinga About Us Licensing and APIs Apps (iOS and Android) Fintech Awards Blog In the News Careers Contact Us Disclaimer Privacy Policy Syndication Terms and Conditions Benzinga Partners 1 (877) 440-9464 (ZING) © Copyright Benzinga Benzinga - Feed Your Mind News Markets Ratings Ideas Tech Small-Cap Personal Finance Premium Products Mid-Day Market Update: Clayton Williams Energy Surges On Acquisition News; Christopher & Banks Shares Slide OPEC's Unlikely Ally: China
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy   Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance comScore Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for comScore Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News National Asset Management Inc. Has $607,000 Stake in American Water Works (AWK) Panagora Asset Management Inc. Boosts Position in eBay Inc. (EBAY) Panagora Asset Management Inc. Buys 989,883 Shares of Baxter International Inc. (BAX) Panagora Asset Management Inc. Has $49,920,000 Position in Western Alliance Bancorporation (WAL) Eli Lilly and Company (LLY) Position Lowered by Capital International Sarl Goldman Sachs Group, Inc. (The) (GS) Position Reduced by Capital International Sarl Capital International Sarl Maintains Position in Canadian National Railway Company (CNI) Capital International Sarl Maintains Position in Cognizant Technology Solutions Corp (CTSH) Fuller & Thaler Asset Management Inc. Acquires 2,304,519 Shares of Verifone Systems, Inc. (PAY) Blackstone Group L.P. Invests $13,851,000 in Take-Two Interactive Software, Inc. (TTWO) TPG Group Holdings SBS Advisors Inc. Cuts Position in Continental Building Products, Inc. (CBPX) TPG Group Holdings SBS Advisors Inc. Sells 3,273 Shares of LinkedIn Corp (LNKD) National Asset Management Inc. Has $858,000 Position in Medtronic PLC (MDT) E.W. Scripps Company (The) (SSP) Shares Bought by Blackstone Group L.P. Blackstone Group L.P. Maintains Stake in NantHealth Inc (NH) Fuller & Thaler Asset Management Inc. Has $59,582,000 Stake in Cabot Corporation (CBT) Fuller & Thaler Asset Management Inc. Sells 9,719 Shares of MTS Systems Corporation (MTSC) Fuller & Thaler Asset Management Inc. Sells 494,508 Shares of El Paso Electric Company (EE) Fuller & Thaler Asset Management Inc. Decreases Position in Brink’s Company (The) (BCO) Cheniere Energy Partners LP Holdings LLC (CQH) Position Cut by Blackstone Group L.P. BlackRock Group LTD Increases Stake in comScore, Inc. (SCOR) January 17th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Tyrone Williams Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet BlackRock Group LTD increased its position in shares of comScore, Inc. (NASDAQ:SCOR) by 8.3% during the third quarter, according to its most recent disclosure with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). The fund owned 167,210 shares of the company’s stock after buying an additional 12,746 shares during the period. BlackRock Group LTD owned approximately 0.43% of comScore worth $5,127,000 as of its most recent SEC filing. Several other large investors also recently bought and sold shares of the stock. Dimensional Fund Advisors LP raised its stake in comScore by 6.0% in the second quarter. Dimensional Fund Advisors LP now owns 121,758 shares of the company’s stock worth $2,908,000 after buying an additional 6,921 shares during the period. Teacher Retirement System of Texas raised its stake in comScore by 13.7% in the second quarter. Teacher Retirement System of Texas now owns 6,357 shares of the company’s stock worth $152,000 after buying an additional 766 shares during the period. Nationwide Fund Advisors raised its stake in comScore by 1.8% in the second quarter. Nationwide Fund Advisors now owns 125,501 shares of the company’s stock worth $2,997,000 after buying an additional 2,242 shares during the period. JPMorgan Chase & Co. raised its stake in comScore by 648,030.8% in the second quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 84,257 shares of the company’s stock worth $2,012,000 after buying an additional 84,244 shares during the period. Finally, Ameriprise Financial Inc. raised its stake in comScore by 7.6% in the second quarter. Ameriprise Financial Inc. now owns 309,382 shares of the company’s stock worth $7,388,000 after buying an additional 21,935 shares during the period. Shares of comScore, Inc. (NASDAQ:SCOR) traded down 0.46% during mid-day trading on Tuesday, hitting $32.36. The stock had a trading volume of 23,576 shares. The company’s 50 day moving average price is $31.36 and its 200 day moving average price is $29.27. The stock’s market cap is $1.26 billion. comScore, Inc. has a 12-month low of $21.74 and a 12-month high of $43.53. WARNING: “BlackRock Group LTD Increases Stake in comScore, Inc. (SCOR)” was first reported by Daily Political and is the propert of of Daily Political. If you are viewing this piece of content on another publication, it was illegally stolen and reposted in violation of international copyright and trademark law. The legal version of this piece of content can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/01/17/blackrock-group-ltd-increases-stake-in-comscore-inc-scor.html. Several research analysts recently weighed in on the company. Zacks Investment Research lowered comScore from a “hold” rating to a “sell” rating in a research report on Thursday, January 5th. Oppenheimer Holdings, Inc. reiterated an “outperform” rating and issued a $43.00 price objective on shares of comScore in a research report on Monday, September 19th. Finally, Jefferies Group reiterated a “hold” rating on shares of comScore in a research report on Monday, December 5th. One investment analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, nine have assigned a hold rating and two have assigned a buy rating to the company. The stock presently has an average rating of “Hold” and an average target price of $38.60. comScore Company Profile comScore, Inc is a cross-platform measurement company. The Company provides independent data, metrics, products and services to clients in the media, advertising and marketing industries. The Company delivers digital media analytics that help content owners and advertisers understand the composition of consumer media audiences, and also helps marketers understand the performance and effectiveness of advertising targeted at these audiences. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding SCOR? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for comScore, Inc. (NASDAQ:SCOR). Receive News & Ratings for comScore Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for comScore Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Trump’s Labor Secretary Choice Outsourced Jobs President Trump Agenda: Border Wall and Sanctuary Cities White House Says President Trump Will Not Release His Tax Returns Protesters Plan Big Disruptions for Trump Inauguration Summer Zervos Filing Defamation Suit Against Donald Trump © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login MENU Latest Stock Picks News Investing News Fool Podcasts Guides How to Invest Retirement Personal Finance Motley Fool Answers Options Trading Find a Broker Compare IRA Accounts ETF - Exchange Traded Funds Community Discussion Boards CAPS More About Help My Fool My Fool My Profile My Watchlist My Scorecard My Boards My CAPS My Reports My Subscriptions My Settings Premium Advice My Services None Other Services None Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Search Search: How Did JPMorgan Chase's Stock Perform in 2016? JPMorgan’s shares surged last year, thanks to one event in particular. John Maxfield (JohnMaxfield37) Jan 17, 2017 at 10:10AM Chase Tower in Phoenix, Arizona. Image source: iStock/Thinkstock. Last year was anything but ordinary for bank stocks. Between Brexit, slumping energy prices, and the presidential election, it was a tumultuous 12 months. Ultimately, however, everything turned out fine -- especially for JPMorgan Chase (NYSE:JPM). Shares of the nation's biggest bank by assets surged 35% in 2016, with the lion's share of the gain coming in the wake of the presidential election. To see what else influenced the direction of JPMorgan Chase's stock last year, scroll through the annotated chart below.   John Maxfield has no position in any stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool has no position in any of the stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author John Maxfield (JohnMaxfield37) John has written for The Motley Fool since 2011. If you like what you see, then you should follow him on Twitter. Follow @OneMarlandRoad Article Info Jan 17, 2017 at 10:10AM Financials Stocks JPMorgan Chase NYSE:JPM $86.93 up $0.18 (0.21%) Read More This Bank Earned the Most Money in 2016 Chase Sapphire Reserve Card Is Cutting Its Bonus Points Will JPMorgan Chase Raise Its Dividend in 2017? Are Higher Interest Rates Good for Bank Stocks? It’s Complicated, Says Analyst Dick Bove 10 Biggest Banks in America Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Accessibility Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2017 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current How Did JPMorgan Chase's Stock Perform in 2016? @themotleyfool #stocks $JPM
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy   Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Huaneng Power International Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Huaneng Power International Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News National Asset Management Inc. Has $607,000 Stake in American Water Works (AWK) Panagora Asset Management Inc. Boosts Position in eBay Inc. (EBAY) Panagora Asset Management Inc. Buys 989,883 Shares of Baxter International Inc. (BAX) Panagora Asset Management Inc. Has $49,920,000 Position in Western Alliance Bancorporation (WAL) Eli Lilly and Company (LLY) Position Lowered by Capital International Sarl Goldman Sachs Group, Inc. (The) (GS) Position Reduced by Capital International Sarl Capital International Sarl Maintains Position in Canadian National Railway Company (CNI) Capital International Sarl Maintains Position in Cognizant Technology Solutions Corp (CTSH) Fuller & Thaler Asset Management Inc. Acquires 2,304,519 Shares of Verifone Systems, Inc. (PAY) Blackstone Group L.P. Invests $13,851,000 in Take-Two Interactive Software, Inc. (TTWO) TPG Group Holdings SBS Advisors Inc. Cuts Position in Continental Building Products, Inc. (CBPX) TPG Group Holdings SBS Advisors Inc. Sells 3,273 Shares of LinkedIn Corp (LNKD) National Asset Management Inc. Has $858,000 Position in Medtronic PLC (MDT) E.W. Scripps Company (The) (SSP) Shares Bought by Blackstone Group L.P. Blackstone Group L.P. Maintains Stake in NantHealth Inc (NH) Fuller & Thaler Asset Management Inc. Has $59,582,000 Stake in Cabot Corporation (CBT) Fuller & Thaler Asset Management Inc. Sells 9,719 Shares of MTS Systems Corporation (MTSC) Fuller & Thaler Asset Management Inc. Sells 494,508 Shares of El Paso Electric Company (EE) Fuller & Thaler Asset Management Inc. Decreases Position in Brink’s Company (The) (BCO) Cheniere Energy Partners LP Holdings LLC (CQH) Position Cut by Blackstone Group L.P. Huaneng Power International, Inc. (HNP) Position Boosted by BlackRock Group LTD January 17th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Latisha Jones Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet BlackRock Group LTD increased its position in shares of Huaneng Power International, Inc. (NYSE:HNP) by 275.7% during the third quarter, according to its most recent disclosure with the SEC. The fund owned 214,493 shares of the company’s stock after buying an additional 157,400 shares during the period. BlackRock Group LTD owned 0.06% of Huaneng Power International worth $5,386,000 as of its most recent SEC filing. Several other large investors also recently made changes to their positions in HNP. Oppenheimer & Co. Inc. acquired a new position in shares of Huaneng Power International during the third quarter worth $209,000. BlackRock Advisors LLC acquired a new position in shares of Huaneng Power International during the third quarter worth $264,000. KCG Holdings Inc. acquired a new position in shares of Huaneng Power International during the second quarter worth $279,000. Bank of Montreal Can boosted its position in shares of Huaneng Power International by 2.5% in the third quarter. Bank of Montreal Can now owns 14,060 shares of the company’s stock worth $353,000 after buying an additional 342 shares during the period. Finally, JPMorgan Chase & Co. boosted its position in shares of Huaneng Power International by 10,852.8% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 17,853 shares of the company’s stock worth $448,000 after buying an additional 17,690 shares during the period. Institutional investors and hedge funds own 0.62% of the company’s stock. Shares of Huaneng Power International, Inc. (NYSE:HNP) traded up 0.34% on Tuesday, reaching $26.40. 18,206 shares of the company were exchanged. The stock has a market capitalization of $9.73 billion, a PE ratio of 6.88 and a beta of 0.64. The company has a 50-day moving average price of $25.39 and a 200 day moving average price of $24.84. Huaneng Power International, Inc. has a 1-year low of $22.84 and a 1-year high of $37.79. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION NOTICE: “Huaneng Power International, Inc. (HNP) Position Boosted by BlackRock Group LTD” was originally posted by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are accessing this story on another domain, it was copied illegally and republished in violation of US and international copyright & trademark law. The legal version of this story can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/01/17/huaneng-power-international-inc-hnp-position-boosted-by-blackrock-group-ltd.html. A number of brokerages recently weighed in on HNP. Zacks Investment Research cut shares of Huaneng Power International from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating in a report on Friday, November 11th. TheStreet upgraded shares of Huaneng Power International from a “sell” rating to a “hold” rating in a report on Tuesday, October 25th. Three analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating and four have issued a hold rating to the stock. The company has an average rating of “Hold” and an average target price of $27.00. Huaneng Power International Company Profile Huaneng Power International, Inc (Huaneng Power) is an independent power producer. The Company and its subsidiaries are engaged in the generation and sale of electric power to the respective regional or provincial grid companies in the People’s Republic of China (PRC) and in the Republic of Singapore (Singapore). Want to see what other hedge funds are holding HNP? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Huaneng Power International, Inc. (NYSE:HNP). Receive News & Ratings for Huaneng Power International Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Huaneng Power International Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Trump’s Labor Secretary Choice Outsourced Jobs President Trump Agenda: Border Wall and Sanctuary Cities White House Says President Trump Will Not Release His Tax Returns Protesters Plan Big Disruptions for Trump Inauguration Summer Zervos Filing Defamation Suit Against Donald Trump © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
X Edition: United States Business Business Home Legal Deals Aerospace & Defense Finance Autos Reuters Summits ADventures Data Dive Markets Markets Home U.S. Markets European Markets Asian Markets Global Market Data Indices Stocks Bonds Currencies Commodities Futures Funds Earnings Dividends World World Home U.S. Special Reports Reuters Investigates Euro Zone Middle East China Japan Mexico Brazil Africa Russia India Politics Politics Home Polling Explorer Just In: Election 2016 What Voters Want Supreme Court Tech Technology Home Science Top 100 Global Innovators Media Environment Innovation Commentary Commentary Home Podcasts Breakingviews Breakingviews Home Breakingviews Video Money Money Home Retirement Lipper Awards Analyst Research Stock Screener Fund Screener Life Health Sports Arts Entertainment Oddly Enough Pictures Pictures Home The Wider Image Photographers Focus 360 Video Despite Dimon's criticism, JPMorgan funds closely track ISS on executive p... Africa América Latina عربي Argentina Brasil Canada 中国 Deutschland España France India Italia 日本 México РОССИЯ United Kingdom United States Money | Tue Jan 17, 2017 | 10:31am EST Despite Dimon's criticism, JPMorgan funds closely track ISS on executive pay JP Morgan CEO Jamie Dimon speaks at an event at JP Morgan's corporate centre in Bournemouth, southern Britain, June 3, 2016. REUTERS/Dylan Martinez/File Photo By Ross Kerber | BOSTON BOSTON JPMorgan Chase & Co Chief Executive Jamie Dimon has been no fan of Institutional Shareholder Services and once called investors "lazy" if they cast votes in corporate elections based on recommendations from the leading proxy adviser or its rival. But JPMorgan itself turns out to be a close follower of ISS, at least when it comes to proxy votes on pay, new data show. JPMorgan funds voted in line with ISS 95 percent of the time when U.S. companies held advisory votes on their executive pay, according to securities filings over a four-year period analyzed by researcher Proxy Insight. That was the highest level of any asset manager at least the size of JPMorgan, which oversees $1.8 trillion. Some investors may see the record as being at odds with Dimon's criticism of the advisers, said Francis Byrd, an independent governance consultant, although proxy voting carries many nuances. "It's as much an art as a science," Byrd said. Proxy Insight's findings, which it provided to Reuters News last week, come amid a debate over whether proxy advisers like ISS wield too much influence over some asset managers who blindly follow their voting recommendations. Proxy Insight found a number of fund managers who voted nearly all the time with ISS on the pay questions. These included ProFund Advisors, which voted with ISS 100 percent of the time; AQR Capital Management, which voted with ISS 99.9 percent of the time; and an arm of Deutsche Bank, which voted with ISS 99.7 percent of the time. Representatives of each of the three declined to comment. In its voting, JPMorgan funds opposed executive pay 10 percent of the time, the research firm found, close to the 12 percent of the time ISS recommended against pay in recent years. Both were more critical of pay than other big fund firms like Vanguard Group and BlackRock Inc, which each opposed pay 5 percent of the time. Dimon famously clashed with ISS and its rival Glass Lewis in 2015 after the advisers recommended votes against his own pay and backed an independent chairman. JPMorgan won both votes at its annual meeting that year. (reut.rs/2j968VH) "God knows how any of you can place your vote based on ISS or Glass Lewis," Dimon said at an investor conference shortly afterward. "If you do that you are just irresponsible, I am sorry. And, you probably aren't a very good investor, either," he said. He added that "I know some of you here do it because you are lazy." Dimon has since said he does not believe investors should automatically delegate votes to a proxy adviser, said spokesman Joe Evangelisti. JPMorgan did not make Dimon available, but spokeswoman Kristen Chambers said, "Each and every company vote is carefully reviewed and considered by our portfolio management team, and whether or not that happens to also be the proxy adviser's view may be coincidental." In its voting guidelines, JPMorgan states ISS' work forms "only the 'base case' voting recommendation and we will frequently take a differing view, based on the results of our engagement activity or our own insights." JPMorgan funds followed Glass Lewis' recommendations 84 percent of the time, Proxy Insight found. (Reporting by Ross Kerber in Boston; Editing by Bernard Orr) Next In Money Peng Zhao replaces Kevin Turner atop Citadel Securities NEW YORK Kevin Turner has departed Ken Griffin's Citadel LLC less than a year after he joined as chief executive officer of the firm's market-making division, a spokesman said on Friday. UBS hopes Trump policies will boost wealth management ZURICH UBS hopes optimism surrounding new U.S. President Donald Trump's proposed policies will boost its core wealth management business, the Swiss bank said on Friday, after reporting a sharp fall in profits. CMBS tied to Trump son-in-law sails through market NEW YORK (IFR) - Investors on Friday snapped up a new US$1.11bn commercial mortgage bond backed by a highly leveraged loan to refinance a New York property owned by President Donald Trump's son-in-law. MORE FROM REUTERS Sponsored Content From Around the Web Promoted by Taboola Trending Stories Pictures Photos of the week Sponsored Topics X Follow Reuters: Follow Us On Twitter Follow Us On Facebook Follow Us On RSS Follow Us On Instagram Follow Us On YouTube Follow Us On LinkedIn Subscribe: Feeds | Newsletters | Podcasts | Apps Reuters News Agency | Brand Attribution Guidelines Reuters is the news and media division of Thomson Reuters. Thomson Reuters is the world's largest international multimedia news agency, providing investing news, world news, business news, technology news, headline news, small business news, news alerts, personal finance, stock market, and mutual funds information available on Reuters.com, video, mobile, and interactive television platforms. Learn more about Thomson Reuters products: Eikon Information, analytics and exclusive news on financial markets - delivered in an intuitive desktop and mobile interface Elektron Everything you need to empower your workflow and enhance your enterprise data management World-Check Screen for heightened risk individual and entities globally to help uncover hidden risks in business relationships and human networks Westlaw Build the strongest argument relying on authoritative content, attorney-editor expertise, and industry defining technology ONESOURCE The most comprehensive solution to manage all your complex and ever-expanding tax and compliance needs CHECKPOINT The industry leader for online information for tax, accounting and finance professionals All quotes delayed a minimum of 15 minutes. See here for a complete list of exchanges and delays. Site Feedback Corrections Advertising Guidelines Cookies Terms of Use Privacy Policy
View dentonrc.com's mobile site dentonrc.com Web Search Member Submitted Weather Contests Contact Us Calendar Headlines Legal Notices News State National/World Education Blotter/Crime Politics Special Projects Let Us Know Blogs Advertorial Insight Denton Obits Sports Colleges High Schools Golf Other Sports Mean Green Scores/Schedules Sports AP Headlines Business Business Chronicle Denton Business Gas Prices Entertainment Denton Time Movies Calendar TV Listings Comics & Games Dining Life Couples Food/Recipes Home/Garden Health Religion Let Us Know Photos Faces and Places Opinion Editorials Columns Letters Submit a Letter Classifieds Calendar Jobs Real Estate Shopping Find & Save DealFinder Classifieds ePaper NIE Home > Business/Tech > Denton Business Headlines January 14, 2017 08:59 PM CST January 14, 2017 09:23 PM CST Many small companies lack good cash buffer Many small companies lack good cash buffer Comments () A Text Size Jae C. Hong/AP Weberous Web Design CEO Rafael Romis poses for photos in his home in Los Angeles on Jan. 10. 1 of 2 By Joyce M. Rosenberg Joyce M. Rosenberg Denton Record-Chronicle AP Business Writer Published: 14 January 2017 08:59 PM NEW YORK — When Rafael Romis started his website design company five years ago, he kept enough cash on hand to last about two weeks. That worked well until the company’s income taxes had to be paid. “Even if you have a good amount in the bank, it’s not really your money till you pay your taxes,” said Romis, owner of Weberous Web Design. “At the end of the year, it disappeared and we started the new year completely strapped.” Romis, whose company is located in Los Angeles, had to use personal savings to restore Weberous’ cash reserves. “Cash is king” is an axiom business owners try to live by. If revenue isn’t coming in, and owners can’t get loans or investors, there’s no way to run day-to-day operations, buy inventory and equipment or hire workers. But many companies struggle to maintain a healthy cash flow and create a buffer for an event like a storm that keeps customers home. Companies with cash problems often have overestimated how much revenue they’d have and underestimated expenses, said George Solomon, a George Washington University management professor. It’s especially a problem for new owners. These owners may also not be adequately prepared for the seasonality of their business, or for the slow payment practices of their customers — particularly if the customer is a government. “They can literally have millions of dollars on their book in terms of procurement [contracts] for the federal government and literally be filing for bankruptcy,” Solomon said. Businesses like restaurants with low profit margins are particularly at risk of running through their cash buffers, since any interruption to their revenue can put them in danger of closing. Massachusetts restaurants and retailers had a 50 percent drop in revenue between Jan. 26 and Feb. 22, 2015, as massive snowstorms hit the state, according to Boston University researchers. Hidden Boston, a website that tracks restaurant openings and closings, counted 20 restaurants that shut down in the metropolitan area in March 2015, compared to 11 a year earlier and five in March 2013. When JPMorgan Chase & Co. studied 597,000 of its small business customers last year, it found their cash flow was lower than expected. Half the businesses had cash reserves that would last just 27 days. Restaurants had the smallest buffer, 16 days, while repair and maintenance businesses had 18 and retailers had 19. Personal service providers like hairdressers and dry cleaners had 21. The biggest buffer, 47 days, was held by real estate companies. The median small company had an average daily cash balance of $12,100, and personal service providers averaged just $5,300. “The typical small business has a low margin of error in the face of economic headwinds and shocks,” JPMorgan Chase said. Romis said his cash flow has improved as the company has grown, and he now aims to have a two-month cash buffer. If business slows, he’s willing to take on smaller projects — ones that will bring in $8,500 compared to $10,000 for his company’s more typical jobs — to keep cash coming in. He considered using credit cards, but when he took at $7,500 cash advance on a card with a $15,000 credit line, the bank immediately reduced his limit to $7,500, eliminating that alternative. Tate Tullis has learned to bank money during his road sign company’s busy months to give Sign Wise a buffer equal to 20 percent of its annual revenue. The three-year-old business gets most of its sales during warmer weather, since during the winter fewer roads and parking lots are being built or overhauled. When business drops off, the Logan, Utah, company looks at its inventory and raw materials like aluminum, assesses how much it really needs, and sells the surplus. It also does more marketing to overseas customers. All these steps leave Tullis feeling comfortable with his company’s cash position. “If everything went south, we’d probably have enough cash for two or three months,” he said. The recession taught many business owners some lessons about cash flow, says Thomas Basilo, a certified public accountant with Withum Smith & Brown in Morristown, New Jersey. They’ve given themselves more wiggle room negotiating flexible payment terms with vendors, sometimes as long as 90 days after an invoice is sent. They’ve also gotten better terms from lenders. Many startup owners forgo a salary as a way to boost cash flow. But that’s a sign of trouble to Basilo — they’re not considering all the contingencies that might come up, in their personal lives as well as with their companies. “That’s how they think when they start their business. They’re very unprepared,” he said. Dan and Darla Robinson aim to have $30,000 in cash in the bank by October, to help run their six sweetFrog franchise yogurt shops when sales slow during colder weather. Dan Robinson estimates cash flow falls about 30 percent during the slow months. The Robinsons, whose stores are in California and Maryland, have increased cash flow by cutting expenses, offering fewer toppings and paying off most of their debt. They have a smaller staff during the stores’ down time, and when they need new equipment, they rely on their franchisor’s ability to negotiate better prices. While they do have savings, they don’t want to tap them for cash flow. “We pretend that the savings doesn’t exist,” Dan Robinson said. Comments DentonRC.com is now using Facebook Comments. To post a comment, log into Facebook and then add your comment below. Your comment is subject to Facebook's Privacy Policy and Terms of Service on data use. If you don't want your comment to appear on Facebook, uncheck the 'Post to Facebook' box. To find out more, read the FAQ . Copyright 2011 Denton Record-Chronicle. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. Connect With Us Denton Business Stories Regulation relief Kim Phillips: New era of radio dawns in Denton Yolanda Garcia Olivarez: SBA official honored to serve county businesses Scott Burns: New rules offered to achieve financial freedom Researcher turning science fiction into real-life items Video Related Sites dallasnews.com AlDiaTX.com GuideLive.com Local business listings Denton Record-Chronicle Newspaper Subscriptions Letter to Editor Submissions Advertising Place Classified Ad Home Contact Us Help Center Advertising Site Map Find Denton Jobs Get the Newspaper ©2015, Denton Publishing Co. All Rights Reserved. Terms of Service Privacy Policy
Skip to main content The Straits Times Business Toggle navigation Home Singapore Politics Asia World Videos Multimedia Photos Graphics Lifestyle Food Forum Letters in Print Letters on the Web Readers' Post Opinion ST Editorial Cartoons Business Companies & Markets Economy Banking Property Invest Sport Football Tennis Formula One Basketball Golf Schools Tech Smartphones Tablets PCs Cameras Audio Wearables Games & Apps More Multimedia Forum Opinion Business Sport Tech SPH Websites SITES AsiaOne Berita Harian Hardwarezone herworldPLUS Lianhe Wanbao My Paper Omy razor SGCarMart ShareInvestor SRX Property STCars STClassifieds STJobs STProperty STOMP tabla Tamil Murasu The Business Times The New Paper ZaoBao Print Edition ePaper JPMorgan upgrades Indonesian equities assessment PublishedJan 17, 2017, 5:00 am SGT More Share Tweet Linkedin Pin Google+ Reddit Print Permalink: http://str.sg/4WBv Copy JAKARTA • JPMorgan Chase has upgraded its assessment of the Indonesian stock market, reversing an earlier bearish call that prompted Jakarta to stop doing business with the United States bank. The bank's analysts raised their "tactical" view of Indonesian equities one level to "neutral" in a report dated yesterday, saying volatility in emerging-market bonds following Mr Donald Trump's US election victory in November should now subside. The upgrade came two weeks after Indonesia's government cut business ties with JPMorgan, citing a two-notch equities downgrade by the bank in November. "Our tactical downgrade two months ago was driven by the risk of Indonesia underperforming the Asia-Pacific ex Japan and EM indices as investors de-risked," analysts said. "Redemption and bond volatility risks have now played out, in our view." Indonesia welcomed the bank's new assessment. The neutral recommendation is more in line with fundamentals, Coordinating Minister for Economic Affairs Darmin Nasution told reporters yesterday. The finance ministry had earlier said it would stop using JPMorgan as a primary dealer and an underwriter for sovereign bonds. When asked about JPMorgan's upgrade, Indonesian Finance Minister Sri Mulyani Indrawati said "it's good", without elaborating. RISKS HAVE 'PLAYED OUT' Our tactical downgrade two months ago was driven by the risk of Indonesia underperforming the Asia-Pacific ex Japan and EM indices as investors de-risked... Redemption and bond volatility risks have now played out, in our view. JPMORGAN ANALYSTS, on the upgrade of its assessment of Indonesia's stock market. JPMorgan said in an e-mail that its research views are independent and yesterday's report, like previous ones, "is no different". Foreign investors sold a net US$2.8 billion (S$4 billion) of Indonesian stocks and bonds in the last quarter as emerging-market assets retreated following Mr Trump's victory. That drove the rupiah lower, forcing policymakers to intervene to stabilise the currency. Last week, Indonesia widened its campaign against negative research by ordering all primary dealers in Indonesian bonds to maintain relations with the government "based on professionalism, integrity and avoiding conflicts of interest". Firms that fail to comply with the rule, which took effect on Dec 30, risk losing their dealership licences, the government said. Global banks that are primary dealers in Indonesia's bonds include Standard Chartered, HSBC, Deutsche Bank and Citigroup. BLOOMBERG, REUTERS A version of this article appeared in the print edition of The Straits Times on January 17, 2017, with the headline 'JPMorgan upgrades Indonesian equities assessment'. Print Edition | Subscribe Topics:  INDONESIA BANKS AND FINANCIAL INSTITUTIONS More Share Tweet Linkedin Pin Google+ Reddit Print Permalink: http://str.sg/4WBv Copy BrandInsider Sponsored Content imda_a1-25298_2017jan23_300x200_st_native_ad.jpg Cornerstone of Market Research Firm's PDPA Compliance st_native_300x200.jpg Meet Audi's A Team at Singapore Motorshow arrival-300x200.jpg Arrival: Finally, an alien movie we can believe in Shopping #1 dryest diaper in the market from Korea! Buy now & get free gift! SK-II Pitera Set suitable for V'day gift! Get now while stocks last! Lowest price ever! Save $400 on Dyson V6 only for first 30 sets! Save $240 on OnePlus 3T! Limited to first 20 sets only!! More Deals on Qoo10 Subscribe to The Straits Times call 6388-3838 or click here Available for iPhones and iPads Available in Google Play Back to the top Singapore Politics Asia World Videos Multimedia Lifestyle Food Forum Opinion Business Sport Tech Follow ST The Straits Times SPH Digital News / Copyright © 2017 Singapore Press Holdings Ltd. Co. Regn. No. 198402868E. All rights reserved | Terms & Conditions | Data Protection Policy | Advertise with us We have been experiencing some problems with subscriber log-ins and apologise for the inconvenience caused. Until we resolve the issues, subscribers need not log in to access ST Digital articles. But a log-in is still required for our PDFs. Close
Menu Stocks Stocks to Buy Stocks to Sell Dividend Stocks Penny Stocks Hot Stocks Stock Market Today Funds Mutual Funds ETF Investing 401k & Investing Tips Retirement Financial Advisor Center Trading Trading Advice Trade of the Day Trading Report How to Trade Options Market Insight IPO Playbook Gadgets, Smartphones & Tech Weird Street InvestorPolitics Financial Advisors Premium Services Stocks to Buy Stocks to Sell Dividend Stocks Penny Stocks Hot Stocks Stock Market Today Hot Topics MSFT GOOGL Best Stocks for 2017 Top Investments Trade of the Day Dividends More Home > Stock Picks > Stock Market Today > 3 Stocks to Watch on Tuesday: Chipotle Mexican Grill, Inc. (CMG), Noble Energy, Inc. (NBL) and Wells Fargo & Co (WFC) CMG downgraded, NBL makes another acquisition and WFC announces new branch closings Jan 17, 2017, 8:55 am EST  |  By Karl Utermohlen, InvestorPlace Writer     View All   U.S. markets will get back up to speed today after a long holiday weekend. But the shortened week will still be an interesting week, as earnings season will kick into high gear before it’s all punctuated by President-elect Donald Trump’s inauguration on Friday. As we head into Tuesday’s trading day, investors and traders should have their eyes on a few stocks, including Chipotle Mexican Grill, Inc. (NYSE:CMG), Noble Energy, Inc. (NYSE:NBL) and Wells Fargo & Co (NYSE:WFC). Here’s what you should know: Chipotle Mexican Grill, Inc. (CMG) CMG shares are sliding this morning on another downgrade — this time from JPMorgan’s John Ivankoe. The note wasn’t terribly-heavy handed, with the main criticism being that much of Chipotle’s potential improvement is already factored into JPMorgan’s price target of $375. Instead, the analyst chose to downgrade CMG’s rating from “Overweight” to “Neutral.” Per Ivankoe: “We value CMG at 26x our F20 EPS of $16.54, discount back 2 years at a 10% cost of equity, and add F19 ending cash per share for our Dec-17 price target of $375. CMG will likely be a beneficiary from corporate tax reform (~23% accretion from using a lower tax rate of 24% vs our modeled F20 rate of 38%) implying a ~22x target P/E multiple on a PF F20 EPS of ~$20+.” Chipotle has actually been putting in a series of higher lows and higher highs since January. However, today’s news and subsequent 1%-plus dip threatens to pull CMG shares off their current perch of around $410, where they’ve been battling to break above the 200-day moving average. Wells Fargo & Co (WFC) Wells Fargo’s issues continue as the mega-bank announced it will shut down more than 400 branches over the next two years. WFC has been embroiled in scandal after the bank opened more than two million fraudulent accounts in customers’ names — an episode that led to Wells Fargo paying $185 million in fines and that cost CEO John G. Stumpf his job. New CEO Timothy J. Sloan is now tasked with doing damage control and making the necessary adjustments to regain the trust of its customers. Wells previously was considered one of the cleanest of America’s large banks. Now, however, it’s wracked by a plunge in new account openings. The restructuring plan should save about $2 billion in costs by the end of 2018. Wells Fargo already shut down 84 stores last year, most of which closed in the second half of 2016. Next Page   1 2 View All View All   Article printed from InvestorPlace Media, http://investorplace.com/2017/01/3-stocks-to-watch-on-tuesday-chipotle-mexican-grill-inc-cmg-noble-energy-inc-nbl-and-wells-fargo-co-wfc/. ©2017 InvestorPlace Media, LLC More on InvestorPlace 10 Stocks to Buy That Already Make America Great 7 Awful Stocks You Need to Ditch Now 3 'Golden' Ammo Stocks for Big Returns 3 Healthcare Stocks to Buy Despite Trump 3 Retail Stocks That Are Getting Smashed Apple's iPhone Takes a Hit From … Netflix? ADVERTISEMENT ADVERTISEMENT Editor's Picks 7 Stocks to Buy That Could Double by 2018 3 Fast-Food Stocks That Are Sweating Bullets Thanks to McDonald’s The 3 Best Sector ETFs to Buy for a Profitable 2017 The 3 Best ETFs to Put In Your IRA for Long-Term Growth 3 Covered Calls to Drop a $1,000 in Your Bank Account Most Popular 7 Stocks to Buy That Could Double by 2018 5 Blue-Chip Stocks to Sell in February 10 High-Yield Dividend Stocks That Are SOMEHOW Still Bargains 3 Dividend Aristocrats to Buy for Income and Growth The 3 Best Sector ETFs to Buy for a Profitable 2017 The 3 Best ETFs to Put In Your IRA for Long-Term Growth Poll of the Day View and vote in our Will the 'Trump' Stock Market Rally Continue Through 2017? poll Partners ADVERTISEMENT About Us   ·   Press Center   ·   Resources   ·   Advisory Services   ·   Free Newsletters   ·   Free Reports   ·   Contact Us   ·   Advertise With Us   ·   Employment   ·   Privacy   ·   Terms and Conditions   ·   Disclosures and Disclaimers   ·   Media Sites RSS   ·   Sitemap More On InvestorPlace: Choose A Page About Us Press Center Resources Advisory Services Free Newsletters Free Reports Contact Us Advertise With Us Employment Privacy Terms and Conditions Disclosures and Disclaimers Media Sites Sitemap Financial Market Data powered by FinancialContent Services, Inc. All rights reserved. Nasdaq quotes delayed at least 15 minutes, all others at least 20 minutes. Copyright © 2017 InvestorPlace Media, LLC. All rights reserved. 9201 Corporate Blvd, Rockville, MD 20850. Richard Band John Jagerson Hilary Kramer Jon Markman Louis Navellier Bryan Perry Ken Trester Dan Wiener Richard Young Blue Chip Growth Cash Machine GameChangers Independent Adviser for Vanguard Investors Intelligence Report Maximum Options Profitable Investing SlingShot Trader Trader’s Advantage Active Trading Income Investing Growth Investing Mutual Funds & ETFs Value Hunters Options Trading
null
Google+ Singapore Weather Min. 24° | Max. 32° Air Quality: PSI 45-50 We set you thinking Saturday 28 January 2017 Read the PDF print edition Main menu hot news Commentary Voices Singapore daily focus China & India World Business Tech Sports Entertainment Lifestyle Blogs Photos Videos Print Edition Management Impact SME Property newstream World Trump refugee order dashes hopes of Iraqis who helped the U.S. 1485571574 Business Snapchat to reveal financials within a week: sources 1485567368 Business Boeing machinists in South Carolina to vote in February on unionizing 1485566739 World Peru and Colombia vow to stand with Mexico after row with Trump 1485566708 World Trump will speak with Japan's Abe on Saturday: White House 1485565285 Business FBI request for Twitter account data may have overstepped legal guidelines 1485564971 World Trump tussle gives unpopular Mexican leader much-needed shot in arm 1485563692 World Southern European leaders gather in Lisbon as populism gains 1485562401 Business Tycoon Slim says Trump not 'Terminator,' sees opportunities for Mexico 1485562735 Business Boeing wins $2.1 billion Pentagon contract for 15 KC-46 refueling aircraft 1485561920 Business Starbucks in crosshairs as Mexico boycott campaign simmers 1485560447 Business Facebook CEO, facing wave of criticism, stops attempt to force Hawaii land sale 1485558748 World Highlights: The Trump presidency on January 27 at 6:11 P.M. EST/2311 GMT 1485558913 World Trump says he is only in early stages of considering lifting Russia sanctions 1485555742 Business Energy pipelines back in investor favor after Trump orders 1485558154 Business Buffett, Gates have hope for America after Trump ascension 1485557390 Business Mexico's Slim calls Trump negotiator 'not Terminator' 1485557674 Business Border tax ideas roil oil markets, favor Gulf Coast refiners 1485558333 Business Wall Street slips after soft GDP data, earnings 1485552061 World British PM May to raise trade, security with Turkey's Erdogan 1485556449 Business CMBS tied to Trump son-in-law sails through market 1485556130 Business Senator says U.S. Labor Department dismantled website for Wells Fargo workers 1485556384 World Trump says Mexican imports tax one option but others possible 1485557184 World Trump's unpredictability already troubles U.S. friends 1485556617 Business GM, Honda to announce fuel cell technology advance: sources 1485554936 World No U.S. review of treaties, U.N. funding at this time: admin official 1485555537 World North Korea appears to have restarted plutonium reactor: think tank 1485554908 World Fillon's French presidential bid may be hurt by probe into wife's work 1485541015 Business Bosch, Cisco, BNY Mellon, others launch new blockchain consortium 1485553255 Business U.S. supermarket shares dip after Trump threatens Mexico trade 1485552656 Business GM to cut 625 jobs in Canada, move some work to Mexico: union 1485546292 World Swedish ex-finance minister and tycoon named suspects in bribery case 1485550775 World Security official: Mexican cartels inspired horrors in Brazil prison carnage 1485548308 World Holocaust Memorial selfie-takers apologize to Israeli shamer 1485548242 World Colombia and FARC rebels to wage joint fight against coca cultivation 1485547770 World Merkel: Security will be key issue in Germany's 2017 election campaign 1485547328 World One thousand boat migrants rescued, one found dead in Mediterranean 1485544790 Business Citigroup quietly launches small business lending website 1485551901 Business Mexico's Slim not selling New York Times stock: spokesman 1485550810 World Venezuela demands apology over Colombia VP's 'xenophobic' remarks 1485529406 World Austrian coalition talks make slow progress, drag into weekend 1485545316 World Somalia's al Shabaab says kills dozens of Kenyan troops in raid on base 1485546936 World Astronauts and a performing donkey welcome China's new year 1485535577 World U.S.-Mexico crisis deepens as Trump aide floats border tax idea 1485483509 World U.S. Senate Leader McConnell opposes lifting Russia sanctions: Politico 1485551704 World House Speaker Ryan says U.S. sanctions against Russia should stay 1485551049 World Highlights: The Trump presidency on January 27 at 2:43 PM EST/1943 GMT 1485551088 Business J&J loses venue fight for talc lawsuits in Missouri 1485549976 Business Investors upbeat on data, Fed; wary of Trump 1485548803 Business Ex-Jefferies bond trader Litvak guilty on one of 10 fraud counts 1485544747 Business Despite Dimon's criticism, JPMorgan funds closely track ISS on executive pay JP Morgan CEO Jamie Dimon speaks at event at JP Morgan's corporate centre in Bournemouth. Photo: Reuters mail print View all comments Tweet Published: 8:10 PM, January 17, 2017 Updated: 11:50 PM, January 17, 2017 BOSTON - JPMorgan Chase & Co Chief Executive Jamie Dimon has been no fan of Institutional Shareholder Services and once called investors "lazy" if they cast votes in corporate elections based on recommendations from the leading proxy adviser or its rival. But JPMorgan itself turns out to be a close follower of ISS, at least when it comes to proxy votes on pay, new data show. JPMorgan funds voted in line with ISS 95 percent of the time when U.S. companies held advisory votes on their executive pay, according to securities filings over a four-year period analyzed by researcher Proxy Insight. That was the highest level of any asset manager at least the size of JPMorgan, which oversees $1.8 trillion. Some investors may see the record as being at odds with Dimon's criticism of the advisers, said Francis Byrd, an independent governance consultant, although proxy voting carries many nuances. "It's as much an art as a science," Byrd said. Proxy Insight's findings, which it provided to Reuters News last week, come amid a debate over whether proxy advisers like ISS wield too much influence over some asset managers who blindly follow their voting recommendations. Proxy Insight found a number of fund managers who voted nearly all the time with ISS on the pay questions. These included ProFund Advisors, which voted with ISS 100 percent of the time; AQR Capital Management, which voted with ISS 99.9 percent of the time; and an arm of Deutsche Bank, which voted with ISS 99.7 percent of the time. Representatives of each of the three declined to comment. In its voting, JPMorgan funds opposed executive pay 10 percent of the time, the research firm found, close to the 12 percent of the time ISS recommended against pay in recent years. Both were more critical of pay than other big fund firms like Vanguard Group and BlackRock Inc, which each opposed pay 5 percent of the time. Dimon famously clashed with ISS and its rival Glass Lewis in 2015 after the advisers recommended votes against his own pay and backed an independent chairman. JPMorgan won both votes at its annual meeting that year. (http://reut.rs/2j968VH) "God knows how any of you can place your vote based on ISS or Glass Lewis," Dimon said at an investor conference shortly afterward. "If you do that you are just irresponsible, I am sorry. And, you probably aren't a very good investor, either," he said. He added that "I know some of you here do it because you are lazy." Dimon has since said he does not believe investors should automatically delegate votes to a proxy adviser, said spokesman Joe Evangelisti. JPMorgan did not make Dimon available, but spokeswoman Kristen Chambers said, "Each and every company vote is carefully reviewed and considered by our portfolio management team, and whether or not that happens to also be the proxy adviser's view may be coincidental." In its voting guidelines, JPMorgan states ISS' work forms "only the 'base case' voting recommendation and we will frequently take a differing view, based on the results of our engagement activity or our own insights." JPMorgan funds followed Glass Lewis' recommendations 84 percent of the time, Proxy Insight found. REUTERS mail print View all comments Tweet Recommended For You   More Stories For You The Most Business READ COMMENTED “India really means business”: Iswaran ’appy iPhone users as WhatsApp Web goes iOS ‘Your fried rice’s ready, Chef’ ‘Unicorns’ face up to reality of new dotcom bubble ‘Tweaks' to property cooling measures worth exploring, say industry players Zodiac family silver key to $9 billion Safran tie-up Yahoo beats Wall Street view, sees Verizon deal closing in second quarter Xiaomi executive Barra joins Facebook to lead virtual reality business Whirlpool to cut 500 EMEA jobs in dryer manufacturing unit Western Digital's profit, revenue beat estimates Wells Fargo to stop giving branches advance notice of inspections Weak exports curb U.S. fourth-quarter economic growth Wall Street Week Ahead: Optimism among S&P 500 CEOs as Trump takes power Wall Street slips after soft GDP data, earnings Wall Street ends higher as Trump becomes president Inside Today World Trump refugee order dashes hopes of Iraqis who helped the U.S. Peru and Colombia vow to stand with Mexico after row with Trump Trump will speak with Japan's Abe on Saturday: White House Trump tussle gives unpopular Mexican leader much-needed shot in arm Tycoon Slim says Trump not 'Terminator,' sees opportunities for Mexico Business Snapchat to reveal financials within a week: sources Boeing machinists in South Carolina to vote in February on unionizing FBI request for Twitter account data may have overstepped legal guidelines Tycoon Slim says Trump not 'Terminator,' sees opportunities for Mexico Boeing wins $2.1 billion Pentagon contract for 15 KC-46 refueling aircraft Sports Nadal edges Dimitrov to set up dream final against Federer Asian champions Jeonbuk appeal to CAS over ban Tampines Rovers and head coach Akbar part ways Only Venus Williams stands in the way of Serena making history Bolt stripped of gold after Jamaica team mate Carter tests positive Entertainment Grammys, CBS to honour Bee Gees with tribute concert The funniest Stephen Chow comedies to watch this festive weekend Elton John to turn Devil Wears Prada into musical Actor Shia LaBeouf arrested outside New York City museum Radio veteran Melson stayed connected with listeners About TODAY Apps RSS Sitemap Syndication Contact Us Advertise with Us Terms & Conditions About MediaCorp Copyright 2017 © Mediacorp Press Ltd. All Rights Reserved. Mediacorp News Group
WSJ WSJ LIVE WSJ Live on Facebook WSJ Live on Twitter MARKETWATCH MarketWatch on Facebook MarketWatch on Twitter BARRON'S <h4>Barrons on Facebook</h4><div style="border: none; padding: 2px 3px;" class="fb-like" data-href="http://www.facebook.com/barronsonline" data-send="false" data-layout="button_count" data-width="250" data-show-faces="false" data-action="recommend"></div> <h4>Barrons on Twitter</h4><a href="https://twitter.com/barronsonline" class="twitter-follow-button" data-show-count="true">Follow @barronsonline</a> DJX Product X on Facebook Product X on Twitter RT F R&C PE&VC WSJ B MORE Mansion Global WSJ Secure BigCharts Financial News Professor Journal Realtor.com Student Journal Virtual Stock Exchange WSJ Classifieds WSJ Classrooms WSJ Wine Search Asia Edition U.S. Edition   Subscribe Log In Home Magazine This Week's Edition Past Editions New: Cartoons Daily All Coverage Barron's Take Weekday Trader Up & Down Wall St. Daily Getting Technical Striking Price Daily Wall Street's Best Minds Read This, Spike That Stocks to Watch Today Asia Stocks to Watch Income Investing Tech Trader Daily Focus on Funds Emerging Markets Q&A Video Center Investing Ideas Overview Barron's Picks & Pans Mutual Funds / ETFs Hedge Funds Stocks Center Commodities Center Bonds Center Options Center Barron's Take Weekday Trader Stock Alert Inside Scoop Ahead of the Crowd Focus on Funds Stocks to Watch Today Barron's Roundtable Advisor Center Overview Top 100 Advisors Top 100 Women Advisors Top 100 Independent Advisors Top 1,200 Advisors Advisor Profiles Market Data Market Data Center Market Lab Economic Calendar Watchlist Stock Grader Stock & Fund Tables Barron's 400 PENTA Penta Magazine Penta Daily Penta Archives Barron's NEXT Q&A Can Washington Keep the Stock Rally Going? A JPMorgan strategist downplays the effect that Donald Trump and Congress will have on U.S. equities. By John Kimelman Biography Jan. 17, 2017 1:11 a.m. ET Since Donald J. Trump won the presidency, many on Wall Street are putting aside prior reservations and expressing how the president-elect’s mix of “pro-growth” policy prescriptions will unleash “animal spirits” that can keep the bull market in U.S. stocks chugging along. But David Kelly, the chief global strategist at JPMorgan Asset Management, isn’t buying into all the euphoria. In a recent interview with Barrons.com, Kelly... Get The Full Story Subscribe   or   Log In Want to participate in the discussion? Already a subscriber? Log in for complete access. Powered by Livefyre Most Popular 1. Red Flags for Stocks, Oil Subscriber Content Read Preview 2. Is Microsoft Leaping Ahead of Amazon? Subscriber Content Read Preview 3. Jeremy Grantham: Why Donald Trump Won Subscriber Content Read Preview 4. PayPal Has Big Plans for Venmo Subscriber Content Read Preview 5. The Good and Bad of the Coming Trump Economy Subscriber Content Read Preview See Full List Latest Market Videos 1 Barron's Buzz: Warren Buffett's $2.95 Breakfast 2 Amazon is Disrupting a New Industry 3 ​Dow 20,000: Why You Shouldn't Get Excited Barron's Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn YouTube RSS Feed AppStore Google Play Return to Top« Customer Service Customer Center Contact Us Live Help Refer Your Friends to Barron's and Get Rewarded. Learn More Create an Account Subscribe to Barron's Magazine Subscribers: Activate Your Digital Access About Barrons.com Advertising Masthead Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Data Policy Copyright Policy Subscriber Agreement & Terms of Use Your Ad Choices Community Guidelines Also From Barron's Conferences Reprints Classifieds College Program Find a Broker Barron's in Japanese Tools & Services Mobile Site Email Newsletters Barron's on iPad/iPhone Barron's on Android Watchlist Video Annual Reports StockGrader Barron's 400 Economic Calendar Stock & Mutual Fund Listings Commodities, Options & Annuities Listings Fund Prospectuses ACAP Enabled Copyright ©2017 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
Channel NewsAsia Return to Mobile Site Despite Dimon's criticism, JPMorgan funds closely track ISS on executive pay News TV Connect Watch Live 0 My Playlist Sign In Menu News Asia Pacific Singapore World Business Sport Entertainment Technology Health Lifestyle Videos Weather MORE Photos Special Reports Archives Services PSI Live Shows News Schedule Features On The Ground Specials Facebook Twitter Linkedin YouTube Mobile SMS eNews RSS Return to Mobile Site Business International Business Despite Dimon's criticism, JPMorgan funds closely track ISS on executive pay JPMorgan Chase & Co Chief Executive Jamie Dimon has been no fan of Institutional Shareholder Services and once called investors "lazy" if they cast votes in corporate elections based on recommendations from the leading proxy adviser or its rival. Posted 17 Jan 2017 20:10 JP Morgan CEO Jamie Dimon speaks at an event at JP Morgan's corporate centre in Bournemouth, southern Britain, June 3, 2016. REUTERS/Dylan Martinez/File Photo Enlarge Caption  Email More A A BOSTON: JPMorgan Chase & Co Chief Executive Jamie Dimon has been no fan of Institutional Shareholder Services and once called investors "lazy" if they cast votes in corporate elections based on recommendations from the leading proxy adviser or its rival. But JPMorgan itself turns out to be a close follower of ISS, at least when it comes to proxy votes on pay, new data show. JPMorgan funds voted in line with ISS 95 percent of the time when U.S. companies held advisory votes on their executive pay, according to securities filings over a four-year period analyzed by researcher Proxy Insight. That was the highest level of any asset manager at least the size of JPMorgan, which oversees US$1.8 trillion. Some investors may see the record as being at odds with Dimon's criticism of the advisers, said Francis Byrd, an independent governance consultant, although proxy voting carries many nuances. "It's as much an art as a science," Byrd said. Proxy Insight's findings, which it provided to Reuters News last week, come amid a debate over whether proxy advisers like ISS wield too much influence over some asset managers who blindly follow their voting recommendations. Proxy Insight found a number of fund managers who voted nearly all the time with ISS on the pay questions. These included ProFund Advisors, which voted with ISS 100 percent of the time; AQR Capital Management, which voted with ISS 99.9 percent of the time; and an arm of Deutsche Bank, which voted with ISS 99.7 percent of the time. Representatives of each of the three declined to comment. In its voting, JPMorgan funds opposed executive pay 10 percent of the time, the research firm found, close to the 12 percent of the time ISS recommended against pay in recent years. Both were more critical of pay than other big fund firms like Vanguard Group and BlackRock Inc, which each opposed pay 5 percent of the time. Dimon famously clashed with ISS and its rival Glass Lewis in 2015 after the advisers recommended votes against his own pay and backed an independent chairman. JPMorgan won both votes at its annual meeting that year. (http://reut.rs/2j968VH) "God knows how any of you can place your vote based on ISS or Glass Lewis," Dimon said at an investor conference shortly afterward. "If you do that you are just irresponsible, I am sorry. And, you probably aren't a very good investor, either," he said. He added that "I know some of you here do it because you are lazy." Dimon has since said he does not believe investors should automatically delegate votes to a proxy adviser, said spokesman Joe Evangelisti. JPMorgan did not make Dimon available, but spokeswoman Kristen Chambers said, "Each and every company vote is carefully reviewed and considered by our portfolio management team, and whether or not that happens to also be the proxy adviser's view may be coincidental." In its voting guidelines, JPMorgan states ISS' work forms "only the 'base case' voting recommendation and we will frequently take a differing view, based on the results of our engagement activity or our own insights." JPMorgan funds followed Glass Lewis' recommendations 84 percent of the time, Proxy Insight found. (Reporting by Ross Kerber in Boston; Editing by Bernard Orr) - Reuters Email More YOU MAY ALSO LIKE From Our Website From the Web Happening Now new window view more My Facebook Friends Back To Top JUMP TO Select Section Asia Pacific Singapore World Business Sport Entertainment Technology Health Lifestyle Videos Weather Photos Special Reports Archives Services PSI Navigate to: News TV Connect Watch Live GET OUR APPS iPhone/iPad Android Get Our News Facebook Twitter Linkedin YouTube Mobile SMS eNews RSS News Asia Pacific World Sport Technology Lifestyle Photos Archives Singapore Business Entertainment Health Videos Special Reports TV Live News Schedule Shows Services Weather ADVERTISE WITH US Online Mobile TV Contact Sales Channel NewsAsia Channel News Asia About Us Coverage Hotel Partners Events & Seminars Presenters & Correspondents Contact Us Mediacorp Mediacorp News Group © 2017 About Mediacorp Pte Ltd Terms and Conditions Privacy Policy Back To Top
WSJ WSJ LIVE WSJ Live on Facebook WSJ Live on Twitter MARKETWATCH MarketWatch on Facebook MarketWatch on Twitter BARRON'S <h4>Barrons on Facebook</h4><div style="border: none; padding: 2px 3px;" class="fb-like" data-href="http://www.facebook.com/barronsonline" data-send="false" data-layout="button_count" data-width="250" data-show-faces="false" data-action="recommend"></div> <h4>Barrons on Twitter</h4><a href="https://twitter.com/barronsonline" class="twitter-follow-button" data-show-count="true">Follow @barronsonline</a> DJX Product X on Facebook Product X on Twitter RT F R&C PE&VC WSJ B MORE Mansion Global WSJ Secure BigCharts Financial News Professor Journal Realtor.com Student Journal Virtual Stock Exchange WSJ Classifieds WSJ Classrooms WSJ Wine Search Asia Edition U.S. Edition   Subscribe Log In Home Magazine This Week's Edition Past Editions New: Cartoons Daily All Coverage Barron's Take Weekday Trader Up & Down Wall St. Daily Getting Technical Striking Price Daily Wall Street's Best Minds Read This, Spike That Stocks to Watch Today Asia Stocks to Watch Income Investing Tech Trader Daily Focus on Funds Emerging Markets Q&A Video Center Investing Ideas Overview Barron's Picks & Pans Mutual Funds / ETFs Hedge Funds Stocks Center Commodities Center Bonds Center Options Center Barron's Take Weekday Trader Stock Alert Inside Scoop Ahead of the Crowd Focus on Funds Stocks to Watch Today Barron's Roundtable Advisor Center Overview Top 100 Advisors Top 100 Women Advisors Top 100 Independent Advisors Top 1,200 Advisors Advisor Profiles Market Data Market Data Center Market Lab Economic Calendar Watchlist Stock Grader Stock & Fund Tables Barron's 400 PENTA Penta Magazine Penta Daily Penta Archives Barron's NEXT Q&A Can Washington Keep the Stock Rally Going? A JPMorgan strategist downplays the effect that Donald Trump and Congress will have on U.S. equities. By John Kimelman Biography Jan. 17, 2017 1:11 a.m. ET Since Donald J. Trump won the presidency, many on Wall Street are putting aside prior reservations and expressing how the president-elect’s mix of “pro-growth” policy prescriptions will unleash “animal spirits” that can keep the bull market in U.S. stocks chugging along. But David Kelly, the chief global strategist at JPMorgan Asset Management, isn’t buying into all the euphoria. In a recent interview with Barrons.com, Kelly... Get The Full Story Subscribe   or   Log In Want to participate in the discussion? Already a subscriber? Log in for complete access. Powered by Livefyre Most Popular 1. Red Flags for Stocks, Oil Subscriber Content Read Preview 2. Is Microsoft Leaping Ahead of Amazon? Subscriber Content Read Preview 3. Jeremy Grantham: Why Donald Trump Won Subscriber Content Read Preview 4. PayPal Has Big Plans for Venmo Subscriber Content Read Preview See Full List Latest Market Videos 1 Barron's Buzz: Warren Buffett's $2.95 Breakfast 2 Amazon is Disrupting a New Industry 3 ​Dow 20,000: Why You Shouldn't Get Excited Barron's Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn YouTube RSS Feed AppStore Google Play Return to Top« Customer Service Customer Center Contact Us Live Help Refer Your Friends to Barron's and Get Rewarded. Learn More Create an Account Subscribe to Barron's Magazine Subscribers: Activate Your Digital Access About Barrons.com Advertising Masthead Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Data Policy Copyright Policy Subscriber Agreement & Terms of Use Your Ad Choices Community Guidelines Also From Barron's Conferences Reprints Classifieds College Program Find a Broker Barron's in Japanese Tools & Services Mobile Site Email Newsletters Barron's on iPad/iPhone Barron's on Android Watchlist Video Annual Reports StockGrader Barron's 400 Economic Calendar Stock & Mutual Fund Listings Commodities, Options & Annuities Listings Fund Prospectuses ACAP Enabled Copyright ©2017 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
Accessibility help Skip to navigation Skip to content Skip to footer Subscribe to the FT Sign In Subscribe Menu Search Financial Times myFT Search the FT Search Close Home World Sections World Home World Economy UK US China Africa Asia Pacific Emerging Markets Europe Latin America Middle East and North Africa Most Read White House weighs 20% import tax to fund US-Mexico border wall Theresa May urges UK and US to resist ‘eclipse of the west’ The huge disparities in US life expectancy in five charts Russia’s parliament votes to decriminalise domestic violence Trump to call Putin as he considers lifting Russia sanctions  US Sections US Home US Economy US Politics & Policy US Companies US Election 2016 Most Read White House weighs 20% import tax to fund US-Mexico border wall What the world hears from Donald Trump Donald Trump’s campaign shifted odds by making big data personal Theresa May urges UK and US to resist ‘eclipse of the west’ The huge disparities in US life expectancy in five charts Companies Sections Companies Home Energy Financials Health Industrials Media Retail & Consumer Technology Telecoms Transport Most Read Donald Trump’s campaign shifted odds by making big data personal City Insider: UBS’s new office design woes Tesco swoops on food supplier Booker in £3.7bn deal Corporate America employs new tactics to avoid Trump ire Dutch regulator mistakenly reveals Soros short positions Markets Sections Markets Home fastFT Alphaville Markets Data Capital Markets Commodities Currencies Equities Fund Management Trading Most Read What Lehman Brothers staff did next Chinese shoppers begin to buy luxury brands again — at home UK shrugs off Brexit fears to be fastest growing G7 economy in 2016 Trump adviser Icahn faces conflict of interest scrutiny over biofuels The dangers of writing coal’s obituary Opinion Sections Opinion Home Columnists FT View The Big Read Instant Insight Lex Alphaville Blogs Obituaries Letters Most Read What the world hears from Donald Trump Donald Trump’s campaign shifted odds by making big data personal City Insider: UBS’s new office design woes Theresa May will not find it easy to broker a US-UK trade deal The prime minister’s transparent Brexit bluff Work & Careers Sections Work & Careers Home Business School Rankings Business Education Entrepreneurship Recruitment Business Books Most Read Blockchain believers hold fast to a utopian vision MBA project at Cern develops device to bring electricity to refugees Virtual reality takes you into the movies Enforcing the ‘sexy secretary’ look at work humiliates women Why is work making us miserable? Life & Arts Sections Life & Arts Home Arts Books Food & Drink FT Magazine House & Home Style Travel Most Read Murdoch & Sons: Lachlan, James and Rupert’s $62bn empire Daniel Hannan, the brains behind Brexit: what’s next for Britain? London without social climbers? One big Fulham The first days in office of Donald Trump and Sean Spicer My daughter, the footballer: sexism and the beautiful game Sign In Subscribe Menu Search Home World US Companies Markets Opinion Work & Careers Life & Arts Financial Times Sign In Subscribe Search the FT Search Close World Add to myFT Theresa May’s ‘clean’ Brexit, China’s not-so-independent judiciary and the Zika report card UK prime minister sets out 12 priorities for the Brexit negotiations FirstFT Read next The Big Read Trump’s whirlwind week in the White House new Saturday, 28 January, 2017 Twitter Facebook LinkedIn Whatsapp Print this page Save January 17, 2017 by: Siona Jenkins, Mercedes Ruehl and Neil Munshi Sign up to receive FirstFT by email here Theresa May is setting out her case for a “clean” Brexit in a much-anticipated speech that may be her most significant attempt yet to define how Britain will leave the EU. The speech will attempt to set out 12 priorities for Brexit negotiations — such as control over immigration and removing Britain from the jurisdiction of the European court of justice. The currency markets moved ahead of the speech, with traders betting the prime minister would sound a conciliatory tone. Her reluctance to give details on what type of Brexit her government wants has exacerbated currency uncertainty and on Monday prompted sterling to plunge to a 30-year low. A new poll has revealed that voters are critical of Mrs May’s handling of Brexit preparations, with many respondents slating a lack of clarity over her plans. (FT, Guardian, Independent) © Reuters In the news China’s not-so-independent judges The president of China’s supreme court has formally acknowledged that China’s court system is not independent. For good measure Zhou Qiang denounced the concept of judicial independence. Campaigners say the move “totally turns back the wheel of history”. FT) MH370 search ends The underwater search for the missing Malaysia Airlines flight MH370 has ended in failure. In a joint statement, China, Malaysia and Australia said they were suspending the operation without locating the plane. The announcement leaves one of the world’s greatest aviation mysteries unsolved almost three years after the aircraft disappeared on a routine trip from Kuala Lumpur to Beijing. The victims’ families have condemned the move. (FT, BBC) New Tobacco giant British American Tobacco has agreed to acquire a remaining stake in Reynolds American — maker of Camel cigarettes — for $49.4bn in a deal that would create the world’s largest listed tobacco company by sales. The deal would pave the way for further consolidation in the sector, with other large global tobacco groups eager to tap into the US, where low pack prices, a dominant ecigarette market and waning worries about litigation costs are expected to drive growth. (FT) Rolls-Royce bribery deal The maker of jet and marine engines has agreed to pay a £671m fine to the US, UK and Brazilian governments over longstanding corruption allegations. The company’s shares were up almost 7 per cent on the news of the settlement. (WSJ, FT) Europe’s backlash against Trump Europe’s leaders are hitting back at the president-elect after he accused Germany’s Angela Merkel of making a “catastrophic mistake” with her open-door migration policy. The latest salvo came from French finance minister Michel Sapin, who on Tuesday said “the more he [Trump] makes this sort of statement [against Ms Merkel], the more Europeans close ranks”. James Rubin, former assistant secretary of state in the Clinton administration, says that by insulting the continent’s most respected leader he may have done her a favour. (Reuters, Politico) Davos briefing Why Davos matters Ten things to watch for, from departing Democrats to the Chinese president’s speech. When the unlikely becomes reality Last year, Gideon Rachman ended his report from Davos, where the business and political elites have mixed since the 1970s, by writing: “It is possible — if still unlikely — that when the WEF gathers this time next year, Mr Trump will be US president and the UK will have voted to leave the EU . . . These developments would turn the Davos world upside down.” Now the world view epitomised by the WEF is under attack as never before, Mr Rachman argues. End of Davos Man? Martin Wolf cautions that the mistakes made by the cheerleaders of global co-operation and economic globalisation are not nearly as bad as those likely to be made by the new populists. View our full The World 2017 special report. Power people John Gapper reviews two books on the Davos elite, whose attendees are described as “back-stabbers and tools, self-aggrandisers and fabricators”. Follow Davos events on the World Economic Forum website. It's a big day for Russia diplomacy Foreign minister Sergei Lavrov will deliver his annual press conference, with Syria and sanctions likely to be big topics. Xi Jinping The Chinese president is set to make a keynote address defending globalisation at that bastion of global capitalism, Davos. (NAR) Food for thought It’s time to talk about China The questions surrounding Donald Trump’s relationship with Russia may be lurid and compelling but they could distract us from signs that the Trump administration is heading for a clash with China that could lead to military conflict. (FT) Zika report card Almost a year ago, the World Health Organisation declared the Zika epidemic a global health emergency, calling for an epic campaign against a virus few had ever heard of. The emergency status ended in November, but the consequences will be with us for years. How did we do? Not so well, apparently. (NYT) How streaming saved the music industry The internet may resurrect the business it almost killed. Thanks to growth in Spotify and Apple Music, music streaming has passed the milestone of 100m paying subscribers worldwide, a feat few imagined possible several years ago. (FT) Mapping Trumpworld No American president has taken office with a giant network of businesses, investments, and corporate connections like that amassed by Donald Trump. BuzzFeed spent two months compiling a list from public records, news reports and other sources on the Trump family, his cabinet picks and top advisers — more than 1,500 people and organisations altogether. Here is the data set and now BuzzFeed wants your help in catching things they missed. (BuzzFeed) Wanted: Lego professor of play Cambridge university is looking to fill what could be the most coveted job in education: the Lego professor of play, development and learning. The successful candidate will lead the university’s centre for research on play in education. Applications close in three days. (Guardian) Video of the day What Trump’s attack on EU and Nato means FT associate editor Philip Stephens asks whether president-elect Donald Trump wants the US to remain an Atlantic power, given his attack on the twin pillars of US policy towards Europe — support for European integration and the security guarantee of Nato. Sample the FT’s top stories for a week You select the topic, we deliver the news. Select topic Select topic Top Stories Brexit US Election 2016 China slowdown Millennial Economy March of the Robot Plunging oil price Global Terror Tech disruption Advertising Connected Cars Enter email address Invalid email Sign up By signing up you confirm that you have read and agree to the terms and conditions, cookie policy and privacy policy. Copyright The Financial Times Limited 2017. All rights reserved. You may share using our article tools. Please don't cut articles from FT.com and redistribute by email or post to the web. Twitter Facebook LinkedIn Whatsapp Print this page Save Latest in World The Big Read Trump’s whirlwind week in the White House new Saturday, 28 January, 2017 FT Data Four charts on the US refugee programme Saturday, 28 January, 2017 Theresa May goes to Washington and Labour's by-election challenges Saturday, 28 January, 2017 Zuckerberg challenges Trump over ‘extreme vetting’ Saturday, 28 January, 2017 Greece faces ‘explosive’ surge in public debt Saturday, 28 January, 2017 Read latest The Big Read Trump’s whirlwind week in the White House new Saturday, 28 January, 2017 Latest in World Add to myFT Latest from FirstFT Add to myFT myFT Follow the topics mentioned in this article FirstFT Add to myFT Global Economy Add to myFT Companies Add to myFT Markets Add to myFT Follow the authors of this article Neil Munshi Add to myFT Mercedes Ruehl Add to myFT Siona Jenkins Add to myFT Take a tour of myFT Welcome to the new FT.com. The same global insight. Faster than ever before on all your devices. View tips Give feedback Welcome to the new FT.com. The same global insight. Faster than ever before on all your devices. View tips Give feedback Support Feedback Help Centre About Us Accessibility Legal & Privacy Terms & Conditions Privacy Cookies Copyright Services Conferences & Events Individual Subscriptions Group Subscriptions Republishing Contracts & Tenders Analysts Research Executive Job Search Advertise with the FT Follow the FT on Twitter Ebooks Tools Portfolio ePaper Alerts Hub Lexicon MBA Rankings Economic Calendar News feed Newsletters Currency Converter Press Cuttings More from the FT Group Markets data delayed by at least 15 minutes. © THE FINANCIAL TIMES LTD . FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. The Financial Times and its journalism are subject to a self-regulation regime under the FT Editorial Code of Practice. Financial Times Close International Edition Search the FT Search Switch to UK Edition Top sections Home World Show more World links World Economy UK US China Africa Asia Pacific Emerging Markets Europe Latin America Middle East and North Africa US Show more US links US Economy US Politics & Policy US Companies US Election 2016 Companies Show more Companies links Energy Financials Health Industrials Media Retail & Consumer Technology Telecoms Transport Markets Show more Markets links fastFT Alphaville Markets Data Capital Markets Commodities Currencies Equities Fund Management Trading Opinion Show more Opinion links Columnists FT View The Big Read Instant Insight Lex Alphaville Blogs Obituaries Letters Work & Careers Show more Work & Careers links Business School Rankings Business Education Entrepreneurship Recruitment Business Books Life & Arts Show more Life & Arts links Arts Books Food & Drink FT Magazine House & Home Style Travel Personal Finance Show more Personal Finance links Property & Mortgages Investments Pensions Tax Banking & Savings Special Reports Science & Environment FT recommends Lex Alphaville EM Squared Lunch with the FT Video Podcasts Blogs News feed Newsletters myFT Portfolio ePaper Crossword Help Centre Subscribe Sign In Open in app Open in app
Bloomberg the Company & Its ProductsBloomberg Anywhere Remote LoginBloomberg Anywhere LoginBloomberg Terminal Demo Request Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Philanthropy & Engagement Bloomberg London Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Philanthropy & Engagement Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Bloomberg London Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Advertising Bloomberg Media Distribution Bloomberg Live Conferences Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center MENU Homepage Markets Stocks Currencies Commodities Rates + Bonds Economics Magazine Benchmark Watchlist Economic Calendar Tech U.S. Global Startups Cybersecurity Digital Media Bloomberg Technology TV Hello World Studio 1.0 Pursuits Cars & Bikes Style & Grooming Spend Watches & Gadgets Food & Drinks Travel Real Estate Art & Design Politics With All Due Respect Global Risk Briefing How We’ll Know if Trump Is Making America Great Again Tracking Trump’s Web of Conflicts The Inauguration of Donald J. Trump On the March in Trump’s Capital Opinion View Gadfly Businessweek Subscribe Cover Stories Opening Remarks Etc Features 85th Anniversary Issue Behind The Cover More Science + Energy Graphics Game Plan Small Business Personal Finance Inspire GO The David Rubenstein Show Sponsored Content Bloomberg About The Company Sign In Sign In Cut JPMorgan Some Slack By Christopher Langner Photographer: Bay Ismoyo/AFP/Getty Images Finance Christopher Langner Christopher Langner is a markets columnist for Bloomberg Gadfly. He previously covered corporate finance for Bloomberg News, and has written for Reuters/IFR, Forbes, the Wall Street Journal and Mergermarket. Follow @Asia_G3 Facebook Twitter Email Print Share Jan 16, 2017 11:04 PM EST JPMORGAN CHASE & CO +0.18 At Closing, Jan 27th 86.93 USD Don't leap to conclusions about JPMorgan Chase & Co.'s decision to upgrade its assessment of Indonesia's stock market. The New York-based bank has elevated internal compliance to nuisance levels in Asia since a scandal over its hiring practices in China broke three years ago, people who work at JPMorgan tell me. In such an environment, the Indonesia rating change was probably just what the analysts said it was: a tactical shift. Objectively, the reasons look solid. On Nov. 13, when JPMorgan's equity research team said it was changing its assessment of Indonesian stocks to a "sell," the bank's analysts predicted that emerging markets would suffer outflows and U.S. 10-year Treasury yields would rise. That was a tactical move, or a position that typically can be reversed in a few months, unlike a longer-term, strategic change. Both forecasts proved correct. Exchange-traded funds that focus on Asia excluding Japan lost a net $423 million in the past three months, according to Bloomberg data. The yield on the U.S. bond benchmark peaked on Dec. 15 at 2.6 percent, 45 basis points higher than its 2.15 percent level when JPMorgan decided it was time to reduce exposure to the Jakarta Composite Index. Since Dec. 15, the yield has retreated about 20 basis points. Shifting Direction Treasury yields peaked on Dec. 15 and have dropped 20 basis points since then as "Trumpflation" bets are pared Source: Bloomberg Emerging markets have been receiving more love since the new year started, after what the International Institute of Finance called the worst year for portfolio flows since the 2008 crisis. In the first 16 days of January, a couple of billion dollars have flowed into Asian ETFs, excluding China, Bloomberg data show. The premium to net asset value of the iShares MSCI Emerging Markets ETF, a good gauge of which way money is going, has been mostly positive in 2017, having been deeply negative after the U.S. election. On the Bright Side Investors have been willing to pay a premium to the holdings of the biggest emerging market ETF since 2017 started, a sign that there's more demand for the asset class Source: Bloomberg So it's easy to see why JPMorgan equity analysts would have changed their views on Indonesia. The bank is hardly alone: The country has been mentioned as one of the darlings for 2017 in every year-ahead outlook meeting I've attended in the past two weeks. The Indonesian government stopped doing business with the U.S. bank after its earlier bearish call. Just to settle the issue, let's consider what JPMorgan was missing out on after it was cut off from bond underwriting for Jakarta. The bank participated in only three large foreign-currency transactions in the country last year, of which only one involved the government. That one, a 3 billion euro ($3.2 billion) sale of seven- and 12-year bonds, was shared with three other institutions. Even assuming the sovereign paid 50 basis points as a fee to the underwriters (a more usual level would be 25 basis points or less), JPMorgan would have made about $4 million. In investment banking, that's not a lot. Debt and equity are separate businesses within the bank, so none of that money is likely to have ended up in the pockets of stock analysts via bonuses. The U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission has very clear and strict rules on analyst independence (explained well in this piece by Bloomberg View's Matt Levine). Having paid $264 million to U.S. regulators to settle the China hiring case in November, JPMorgan was hardly likely to risk another controversy so soon. The Indonesian government, meanwhile, has to make up its mind. Either it wants financial analysts to be independent, and dealings with the country to be “based on professionalism, integrity and avoiding conflicts of interest,” as the finance ministry told banks last week, or it wants everyone to dance to its tune.  If Jakarta keeps meddling, international banks may decide to pull out of the country of their own accord, whether or not they have been banned. As of December, 38 percent of Indonesia's local-currency government bonds were owned by non-residents. Percentage of Indonesia bonds held by non-residents 38% Guess who has the most to lose if global lenders start to leave? This column does not necessarily reflect the opinion of Bloomberg LP and its owners. To contact the author of this story: Christopher Langner in Singapore at clangner@bloomberg.net To contact the editor responsible for this story: Matthew Brooker at mbrooker1@bloomberg.net Over It Over It Honeywell cut its overall revenue guidance for 2017 and investors were unfazed as they focused on other things Source: Bloomberg Bottom Line Honeywell Delivers Where It Counts Industrials Brooke Sutherland Weak Spot Google Has a Chink in Its Ad Armor Tech Shira Ovide Share Of Memory Chip Business Toshiba Might Sell 20% Yum Toshiba Chips Make for Tasty Chinese Takeout Tech Tim Culpan Mo' Money Mo' Money The swell of assets chasing hedge fund strategies has been too much for the industry to bear Source: Bloomberg Smart Money Harvard Goes Back to Hedge Fund Basics Markets Nir Kaissar Publicis shares, intraday +1.01% Au Revoir Levy Ends an Era Management Leila Abboud Hello ECB We Have a Problem With You Here Hello ECB We Have a Problem With You Here Inflation is anathema to Germans and with elections this September the heat is on Source: Bloomberg Big Jump German Inflation's Back. Look Out, Bonds Markets Marcus Ashworth Rearview Mirror Rearview Mirror Favored sectors for buyout deals may be completely different under a new tax code, compared to last year Source: Preqin Private Equity Online *Data is global. 54% of all private equity-backed buyout deals in 2016 were for assets located in North America Code Blues Private Equity's Taxing Times Deals Gillian Tan Happy Days Happy Days Tesco needs Booker to kickstart its stalling recovery Source: Bloomberg Intelligence, Company Reports Excludes sales paid for using vouchers Left-Field Deal Tesco's Cunning Succession Plan Consumer Andrea Felsted Caffeine Jolt Caffeine Jolt Starbucks shares posted their first annual drop since 2008 but still outperformed the restaurant industry Source: Bloomberg Drip, drip A Slow Brew at Starbucks Consumer Shelly Banjo Bad News Bad News Wealth-management worries hit UBS' share price on Friday, dragging down rival Credit Suisse Intraday times are displayed in ET. Swiss Banking UBS Misses Out on the Trump Bump Finance Lionel Laurent Defying Gravity Defying Gravity India's top three private-sector lenders have consistently boosted their net interest margins to a point where investors underestimate the likelihood of a compression Source: Bloomberg *Data are for standalone banks. Mirror, Mirror Ugly's Coming for India's Best Banks Finance Andy Mukherjee Gambling Whale Gambling Whale More than a third of Macau's hotel rooms are in Sands China properties Source: Company reports and websites cheap shot Don't Bet Against Adelson Consumer David Fickling Value of Ant Financial's purchase of MoneyGram $880M Better Together Alibaba, U.S. Have Aligned Interests Tim Culpan Consecutive Quarters of 13%+ Net Revenue Growth at Alphabet 12 Your Ad Here Google Rides One-Trick Pony Tech Shira Ovide Ailing Ailing Shares of Bristol-Myers Squibb took another hit after it lowered guidance for 2017 Source: Bloomberg Prey Time Bristol-Myers Goes From Hunter to Target Health Max Nisen Air Products' bid premium to Yingde stock 17% Failure to Launch Someone Should Goad Yingde Deals Nisha Gopalan The Next $100 Billion Deal Charter? Tuning In Verizon's Pipe Dream Deals Tara Lachapelle Back It Up Back It Up Caterpillar is trading at a premium to its average Ebitda valuation over the past five years, despite repeated efforts to indicate how struggles in its main markets will persist throughout the year Source: Bloomberg Listen Up Hey Investors, Caterpillar Is Talking to You Industrials Brooke Sutherland Money Flows Money Flows China's Ant Financial is acquiring MoneyGram, which many immigrants use to transfer money from the U.S. back home to their families. Here are the world's top 10 remittance-receiving countries: Source: World Bank MoneyGram Deal Jack Ma Takes Aim at Trump's Wall Deals Tara Lachapelle Trump Droptimism Trump Droptimism Biotech shares and the stock of the leading independent pharmacy benefit manager soared with Donald Trump's election, but have given those gains back as he has proven to be less friendly than expected Source: Bloomberg Nudge Report Tom Price Cracks the Drug-Price Negotiation Door Health Max Nisen Losing Ground Losing Ground Unilever's stale strategy has opened up its gap with Nestle Source: Bloomberg Too Much Fat Unilever Drags its Feet Consumer Andrea Felsted J&J is paying $30 billion Scarcity Value J&J Wrung Out Health Chris Hughes EBay 4Q gross merchandise volume $22.3 billion Window Dressing EBay, Time to Go Shopping Consumer Shelly Banjo Two Step Two Step Ericsson and Nokia shares have been slammed as sales declined by double digits last year. Source: Bloomberg Impatient Capitalism Ericsson Needs to Get Its Skates On Tech Leila Abboud The Crude Effect on Russia The Crude Effect on Russia As oil has recovered so has the ruble Source: Bloomberg Party Like a Russian Russia's Smoldering Bond Romance Markets Marcus Ashworth
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy   Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Flushing Financial Corporation - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Flushing Financial Corporation with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News National Asset Management Inc. Has $607,000 Stake in American Water Works (AWK) Panagora Asset Management Inc. Boosts Position in eBay Inc. (EBAY) Panagora Asset Management Inc. Buys 989,883 Shares of Baxter International Inc. (BAX) Panagora Asset Management Inc. Has $49,920,000 Position in Western Alliance Bancorporation (WAL) Eli Lilly and Company (LLY) Position Lowered by Capital International Sarl Goldman Sachs Group, Inc. (The) (GS) Position Reduced by Capital International Sarl Capital International Sarl Maintains Position in Canadian National Railway Company (CNI) Capital International Sarl Maintains Position in Cognizant Technology Solutions Corp (CTSH) Fuller & Thaler Asset Management Inc. Acquires 2,304,519 Shares of Verifone Systems, Inc. (PAY) Blackstone Group L.P. Invests $13,851,000 in Take-Two Interactive Software, Inc. (TTWO) TPG Group Holdings SBS Advisors Inc. Cuts Position in Continental Building Products, Inc. (CBPX) TPG Group Holdings SBS Advisors Inc. Sells 3,273 Shares of LinkedIn Corp (LNKD) National Asset Management Inc. Has $858,000 Position in Medtronic PLC (MDT) E.W. Scripps Company (The) (SSP) Shares Bought by Blackstone Group L.P. Blackstone Group L.P. Maintains Stake in NantHealth Inc (NH) Fuller & Thaler Asset Management Inc. Has $59,582,000 Stake in Cabot Corporation (CBT) Fuller & Thaler Asset Management Inc. Sells 9,719 Shares of MTS Systems Corporation (MTSC) Fuller & Thaler Asset Management Inc. Sells 494,508 Shares of El Paso Electric Company (EE) Fuller & Thaler Asset Management Inc. Decreases Position in Brink’s Company (The) (BCO) Cheniere Energy Partners LP Holdings LLC (CQH) Position Cut by Blackstone Group L.P. Los Angeles Capital Management & Equity Research Inc. Sells 125 Shares of Flushing Financial Corporation (FFIC) January 16th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Latisha Jones Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Los Angeles Capital Management & Equity Research Inc. cut its position in shares of Flushing Financial Corporation (NASDAQ:FFIC) by 0.5% during the third quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The institutional investor owned 27,070 shares of the company’s stock after selling 125 shares during the period. Los Angeles Capital Management & Equity Research Inc. owned 0.09% of Flushing Financial Corporation worth $642,000 at the end of the most recent quarter. A number of other hedge funds and other institutional investors have also bought and sold shares of the stock. Macquarie Group Ltd. increased its stake in shares of Flushing Financial Corporation by 27.1% in the second quarter. Macquarie Group Ltd. now owns 783,911 shares of the company’s stock valued at $15,584,000 after buying an additional 167,366 shares during the last quarter. Dimensional Fund Advisors LP increased its stake in shares of Flushing Financial Corporation by 4.9% in the second quarter. Dimensional Fund Advisors LP now owns 2,093,323 shares of the company’s stock valued at $41,615,000 after buying an additional 96,905 shares during the last quarter. BlackRock Fund Advisors increased its stake in shares of Flushing Financial Corporation by 8.1% in the third quarter. BlackRock Fund Advisors now owns 776,593 shares of the company’s stock valued at $18,421,000 after buying an additional 57,931 shares during the last quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. increased its stake in shares of Flushing Financial Corporation by 14.2% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 434,310 shares of the company’s stock valued at $10,303,000 after buying an additional 54,025 shares during the last quarter. Finally, AQR Capital Management LLC increased its stake in shares of Flushing Financial Corporation by 119.3% in the second quarter. AQR Capital Management LLC now owns 81,829 shares of the company’s stock valued at $1,627,000 after buying an additional 44,508 shares during the last quarter. Institutional investors own 77.33% of the company’s stock. Flushing Financial Corporation (NASDAQ:FFIC) remained flat at $29.02 during mid-day trading on Monday. The stock had a trading volume of 32,684 shares. Flushing Financial Corporation has a 52 week low of $18.95 and a 52 week high of $31.96. The company has a 50 day moving average of $28.11 and a 200 day moving average of $23.74. The stock has a market capitalization of $837.55 million, a PE ratio of 13.50 and a beta of 1.04. Flushing Financial Corporation (NASDAQ:FFIC) last issued its earnings results on Tuesday, October 25th. The company reported $0.39 earnings per share for the quarter, hitting the Zacks’ consensus estimate of $0.39. Flushing Financial Corporation had a net margin of 23.79% and a return on equity of 8.96%. During the same quarter in the previous year, the business earned $0.40 EPS. On average, analysts expect that Flushing Financial Corporation will post $1.50 earnings per share for the current year. The firm also recently announced a quarterly dividend, which was paid on Friday, December 30th. Shareholders of record on Friday, December 9th were issued a dividend of $0.17 per share. The ex-dividend date of this dividend was Wednesday, December 7th. This represents a $0.68 dividend on an annualized basis and a dividend yield of 2.34%. Flushing Financial Corporation’s dividend payout ratio (DPR) is 31.63%. TRADEMARK VIOLATION NOTICE: “Los Angeles Capital Management & Equity Research Inc. Sells 125 Shares of Flushing Financial Corporation (FFIC)” was reported by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are reading this story on another domain, it was illegally stolen and reposted in violation of US & international trademark & copyright legislation. The correct version of this story can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/01/16/los-angeles-capital-management-equity-research-inc-sells-125-shares-of-flushing-financial-corporation-ffic.html. Several analysts have recently weighed in on the stock. Zacks Investment Research raised shares of Flushing Financial Corporation from a “sell” rating to a “hold” rating in a report on Wednesday, January 4th. Gabelli downgraded shares of Flushing Financial Corporation from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating in a report on Friday, November 11th. In other Flushing Financial Corporation news, Director John E. Sr Roe, Sr. sold 10,000 shares of the stock in a transaction on Thursday, November 3rd. The shares were sold at an average price of $21.61, for a total transaction of $216,100.00. Following the sale, the director now directly owns 65,634 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $1,418,350.74. The sale was disclosed in a filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which can be accessed through the SEC website. Also, Director Donna M. Obrien sold 3,600 shares of the stock in a transaction on Friday, October 28th. The stock was sold at an average price of $21.32, for a total transaction of $76,752.00. Following the sale, the director now directly owns 49,125 shares in the company, valued at $1,047,345. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Company insiders own 5.85% of the company’s stock. Flushing Financial Corporation Company Profile Flushing Financial Corporation is the bank holding company for Flushing Bank (the Bank). The Company is a community-oriented financial institution offering a range of financial services. The Bank owns three subsidiaries: Flushing Preferred Funding Corporation (FPFC), Flushing Service Corporation, and FSB Properties Inc (Properties). Want to see what other hedge funds are holding FFIC? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Flushing Financial Corporation (NASDAQ:FFIC). Receive News & Ratings for Flushing Financial Corporation Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Flushing Financial Corporation and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Trump’s Labor Secretary Choice Outsourced Jobs President Trump Agenda: Border Wall and Sanctuary Cities White House Says President Trump Will Not Release His Tax Returns Protesters Plan Big Disruptions for Trump Inauguration Summer Zervos Filing Defamation Suit Against Donald Trump © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Skip to main content Sat, Jan 28, 2017 Banking & Finance » BT All News Weekly News Home Breaking Today's Paper Opinion SME Lifestyle Infographics Videos Focus Blogs Mags Hub E-Paper News News HomeBreakingToday's PaperOpinionSMELifestyleInfographicsVideosFocusBlogsMagsHubE-Paper All News Top StoriesCompanies & MarketsStocksReal EstateBanking & FinanceEnergy & CommoditiesTechnologyConsumerTransportGovernment & EconomyOpinionLife & Culture Weekly Views From the TopYoung Investors' ForumDining OutSMEExecutive MoneyThe Raffles ConversationBrunchInvesting & Wealth Lifestyle Lifestyle Lifestyle HomeF&BArtsMoviesMusicDesignStyleTravelWellnessCarsGadgets FeatureWeekend InterviewCity BuzzReviewsJaimEEatsHauntNostalgia You are here Home > Banking & Finance JPMorgan reverses bearish call that angered Jakarta Tuesday, January 17, 2017 - 09:35 JPMorgan Chase & Co upgraded its assessment of the Indonesian stock market, reversing an earlier bearish call that prompted Jakarta to stop doing business with the US bank. PHOTO: AFP [SINGAPORE] JPMorgan Chase & Co upgraded its assessment of the Indonesian stock market, reversing an earlier bearish call that prompted Jakarta to stop doing business with the US bank. The bank's analysts raised their "tactical" view of Indonesian equities one level to "neutral" in a report dated Monday, saying volatility in emerging-market bonds following Donald Trump's US election victory in November should now subside. The upgrade came two weeks after Indonesia's government cut business ties with JPMorgan, citing a two-notch equities downgrade by the bank in November. "Our tactical downgrade two months ago was driven by the risk of Indonesia underperforming the Asia Pacific ex Japan and EM indices as investors de-risked," analysts led by Adrian Mowat said. "Redemption and bond volatility risks have now played out, in our view." Indonesia welcomed JPMorgan's new assessment. The neutral recommendation is more in line with fundamentals, Coordinating Minister for Economic Affairs Darmin Nasution told reporters in Jakarta on Monday. The finance ministry had earlier said it would stop using JPMorgan as a primary dealer and an underwriter for sovereign bonds. With its move to punish JPMorgan, Indonesia joined the ranks of emerging-market countries retaliating against analysts which publish negative research. Turkey's banking regulator issued an industrywide warning to avoid negative reports and in 2014, then Brazil President Dilma Rousseff chastised an analyst for suggesting her election would hurt the economy. SEE ALSO: Indonesia IS suspect was finance ministry official JPMorgan's research "is independent and anything published is a result of extensive and objective analysis," the bank said in an e-mail. "Our research views and recommendations on Indonesia are no different." Foreign investors sold a net US$2.8 billion of Indonesian stocks and bonds last quarter as emerging-market assets retreated following Trump's victory. That drove the rupiah lower, forcing policy makers to intervene to stabilise the currency. Indonesian stocks have under-performed wider emerging-market indexes since JPMorgan issued its downgrade on Nov 13. Mr Mowat said in a phone interview that JPMorgan upgraded its view of Indonesian equities due to signs that the rise in US treasury yields has peaked, and that investors are returning to emerging markets. He said the decision to upgrade had nothing to do with the Indonesian government's actions. Last week, Indonesia widened its campaign against negative research by ordering all primary dealers in Indonesian bonds to maintain relations with the government "based on professionalism, integrity and avoiding conflicts of interest." Firms that fail to comply with the rule, which took effect on Dec 30, risk losing their dealership licenses, the government said. Global banks that are primary dealers in Indonesia's bonds include Standard Chartered Plc, HSBC Holdings Plc, Deutsche Bank AG and Citigroup Inc. JPMorgan's latest move could form the basis of a compromise with the government, since the latest call remains somewhat negative, according to Alan Richardson, an investment manager at Samsung Asset Management in Hong Kong. "A upgrade to neutral from the sell-side implies an upgrade from a hard sell to a soft sell. I would say the neutral recommendation should help to appease the Indonesia government," Mr Richardson said. The new rules published last week state that banks which are suspended as primary dealers have to wait 12 months before reapplying. As well as issuing the new call on Indonesia, JPMorgan's note upgraded equities in Australia and technology stocks in China. The brokerage downgraded Taiwan and Malaysia, and technology stocks in South Korea. BLOOMBERG Sign up for BT Newsletters Please wait Terms & Conditions Banking & Finance Alibaba's Ant Financial in overseas push with MoneyGram deal 5:50 AM UBS profit beats as rising US rates lift investment bank 3:09 PM Singapore bond prices hit new highs 2:18 PM Ghost of 1990s is haunting the US dollar and slowing further gains 2:16 PM Hong Kong securities brokers hit by cyber attacks, may face more 12:32 PM Australia, NZ dollars subdued, Aussie set for first weekly loss of 2017 10:41 AM Breaking News 5:50 am STI ends the week firm, up 6.4% for 2017 6:00 pm Trump on collision course with WTO over 'managed trade': ex-Japan negotiator 5:41 pm Malaysia: Shares close lower on Friday 5:30 pm Daily Debrief: What Happened Today 5:14 pm Japan's ANA profit soars on cheaper fuel, strong yen 5:11 pm Europe: Stocks pause at open 4:35 pm UK to respect EU rules as it strengthens trade ties around world: Hammond 4:25 pm Oil firms on Opec-led production cuts, but rising US output caps gains 3:42 pm China says debt risk for main state firms is controllable 3:26 pm Foreign workers in Japan hit 1 million for the first time Most Read 1 Fewer CNY savings deals as deposits pile up at banks 2 Surbana Jurong: Dismissal of 54 staff could have been better managed 3 Police report filed against ousted IHC executive director 4 Misuse of industrial space ever more widespread 5 Keppel Corp's Q4 profit plunges 65% to S$143m Powered by GET.com subscribe to The Business Times Stay connected with The Business Times premium content on your favourite platforms CALL 6388 3838 Find Out More Download Our Apps Stay up to date with The Business Times for iPhone | iPad | Android Stay Updated Get the latest news and information from BT newsletters for free: Breakfast Brief every morning Daily Debrief every evening Please wait Terms & Conditions News Home Breaking Today's Paper Opinion SME Lifestyle Infographics Videos Focus Blogs Mags Hub E-Paper News Top Stories Companies & Markets Stocks Real Estate Banking & Finance Energy & Commodities Technology Consumer Transport Government & Economy Opinion Life & Culture Weekly Views From the Top Young Investors' Forum Dining Out SME Executive Money The Raffles Conversation Brunch Investing & Wealth Lifestyle Lifestyle Home F&B Arts Movies Music Design Style Travel Wellness Cars Gadgets Feature Weekend Interview City Buzz Reviews JaimEEats Haunt Nostalgia Facebook Twitter Instagram Linkedin RSS E-paper PRINT ARCHIVE Mon Tue Wed Thu Fri Sat About Us Contact Us Help Terms & Conditions SPH Websites Data Protection Policy SPH Digital News © 2017 SINGAPORE PRESS HOLDINGS LTD. REGN NO. 198402668E
zqveqyzxxerfvdeeu Free Site Registration LOGIN Bookstore Calendar CE Center Conferences Subscribe FA Magazine Subscription Newsletters Change of Address Renew Subscription News Feeds Videos FA Library Featured Webcasts Upcoming Archived Whitepapers Most Recent Archived Market and Economic Outlook Go Username Password What is 0 + 2? Remember me New User? | Forgot Username? | Forgot Password? Email for username What is 0 + 2? Email for new password What is 0 + 2? Home » FA Online » FA News » JPMorgan Looks For Big Payoff From Lead In Deposit Race January 27, 2017 Subscribe Free Current Issue Past Issues CONFERENCE NEWS Inside ETFs Conference 2017 Schwab IMPACT 2016 Inside Alternatives Conference 2016 Invest In Women 2016 Inside Retirement 2016 TD Ameritrade 2016 Inside ETFs Conference 2016 Smart Beta Conference 2016 Morningstar Conference 2016 ADVISOR SERVICES Broker-Dealers Custodians/Fee Only Social Media Technology ADVICE 401(k) Plans Annuities Benefits Business Transitions Charitable Giving DOL/Compliance/Fraud Economy Education/529 Estate Planning Health Care Insurance Practice Management Retirement Income Retirement Planning Social Security Tax Planning Variable Annuities Women and Planning INVESTING Alternative Investments Analysis Commodities ETFs Fixed Income Green International Mutual Funds Real Estate/REITs Smart Beta U.S. Equity RESEARCH 10 Young Advisors To Watch Market and Economic Outlook Whitepapers B/D Survey Ranking RIA Ranking MORE SERVICES B/D Profiles 2016 B/D Recruiting Special Section Fixed-Income Supplement Liquid Alts Special Section Technology Special Section Women In The Profession B/D Recruitment Center Industry Partnerships « Previous Article | Next Article » Print | Reprint | Share JPMorgan Looks For Big Payoff From Lead In Deposit Race January 16, 2017 • David Henry Loading Other Articles... Over the past five years, stock analysts have challenged JPMorgan Chase & Co executives for keeping so many branches open as customers did more and more banking online. Giving up real estate, the analysts said, was an obvious way the bank could save money when interest income was flagging and regulatory and legal costs were climbing. But executives at the largest U.S. bank resisted. They argued that branches are great billboards for the Chase brand and essential to attracting people who want to open accounts or make major transactions in person. Now it looks like the executives were right, or at least closer than other banks to delivering the right mix of physical and digital customer service. JPMorgan has grown deposits over the last five years faster than major competitors and twice as fast as the industry, according to analysts at Bernstein Research. Deposits in the Chase consumer bank grew in 2016 by 11 percent, or some $61 billion, the bank said when reporting quarterly results last week. Chase now has $607 billion in deposits, setting it up for a massive payoff if it can keep those funds and the company can lend them at higher interest rates in a stronger economy. "We've been growing our deposits very strongly and we're going to enjoy the benefits," Chief Financial Officer Marianne Lake said on Friday. For the first time in roughly a decade, banks' ability to gather deposits is poised to matter mightily to financial performance. Interest rates are rising and the U.S. economy, which has been on the mend for a while, is expected to improve even more with stimulus from federal spending and tax cuts under the new government in Washington. Banks that did not take steps to grow deposits while loan demand was sluggish and interest rates were low may struggle to catch up in the coming years, experts said. "JPMorgan has invested through the slower times," said Mike Mayo, an analyst at CLSA who has questioned JPMorgan's branch office strategy in the past. "Now it's time for them to try to achieve a greater payoff." Struggles Ahead The full payoff is not a sure thing. Loan demand and lending rates could fall short. The economy might become so strong that depositors put their money to better use. Or, lending could be so attractive that JPMorgan rivals lure deposits away with higher and higher rates. Wary of fickle customers, JPMorgan executives say they are not offering high rates for deposits in a widespread, indiscriminate manner. "We have among the lowest rates paid for deposits in the industry," Lake said in a conference call with journalists on Friday. "We've been very disciplined." The Bernstein analysis concurred, finding that JPMorgan offers relatively little for deposits. Still, the bank has been using promotions to get more people in the door. For example, in recent months, Chase has been mailing offers of a $500 cash payment to new depositors who meet certain conditions, such as holding at least $15,000 in a savings account for three months. Such come-ons are a marketing expense and do not lower the profit margin the bank reports for its deposits, Lake said. Chase's consumer deposit profit margin has fallen for at least five years, reaching 1.8 percent in the fourth quarter, compared with 2.76 percent in the same period in 2011. It is difficult for outsiders to assess how customer-acquisition costs would depress that rate, or how many depositors lured through promotions will stay with the bank for the long haul, taking out the loans and paying the fees Chase expects. Flexing Muscle Much of JPMorgan's deposit growth was born through mistakes, the financial crisis and sheer necessity. Before 2007, Chase, like many banks, would lose a lot of customers each year because of poor service. Replacing them was expensive, but the churning expense could be covered by assorted fees, such as for overdrafts. That was sharply curtailed by post-crisis reform. Since then, banks have focused on better service to keep customers. JPMorgan also took over Washington Mutual during the crisis. WaMu had a branch network full of holes in California and Florida, which Chase has tried to plug with new locations. Deposit growth has been a byproduct. Regulator demands that banks shore up funding has also been a factor. Deposits are more stable than short-term financing from capital markets, and new requirements on banks favor deposits from consumers. A big chunk of Chase's additional deposits have also come from the bank's push to gain more investment management business from "mass affluent" individuals, who may not be multi-millionaires but still have a meaningful level of household wealth. They are often Chase customers already, who open Chase Private Client accounts through branches and are offered perks for higher balances. Perhaps the most substantial driver of Chase's deposit growth? Sheer size and scale: it has more resources than competitors to spend to build up deposits. "It is about flexing their muscle," said Mayo.   To read more stories , click here Loading Other Articles... « Previous Article | Next Article » 0 Comments Login in order to post a comment Quick Poll Should Medicare be converted to a voucher system to save the U.S. money? Yes No Unsure View Results Home Login About Us Media Kit FTP Site Subscriptions Reprints Contact Us Sitemap Privacy Policy | Terms and Conditions | ©2017 Charter Financial Publishing Network Inc. All rights reserved.
This website requires Javascript to run correctly. Click here for help enabling it The New Zealand Herald 12:20pm Thu 26 January Network   ° 0 / ° 0   Loading… Help & Support The New Zealand Herald Bay of Plenty Times Hawke's Bay Today The Rotorua Daily Post The Northern Advocate Wanganui Chronicle Manawatu Guardian Kapiti News Hamilton News The Aucklander The Northland Age Stratford Press Herald Rugby Viva Dream Team Bite True Commercial Newspix Driven The Country Chinese NZ Herald nzherald.co.nz submit Navigation Home National National Insights NZ Herald Focus Education Crime Environment Politics Weather Opinion Maori Employment Quizzes Health Local Focus Opinion Opinion Financial Your Views Media Blogs Cartoons Living in NZ Editorial Travel Political Business Business Personal Finance Small Business Work Life Around NZ Our Experts Economy Deloitte 200 Industries Toolbox Property Tech Tech ICT News Internet Science Computers Wired Mobile Space Gadgets Innovation World World South America Videos Europe Climate Middle East Australia Africa Pacific Disasters Asia Strange but True USA Photos Sport Sport Golf Rugby Boxing Cricket Motorsport League Racing Football More Sport Basketball Live Scores Tennis Dream Team Entertainment Entertainment Music Spy Games Celebrity Culture Reviews What's on Video Sideswipe TV Puzzles Movies Horoscope Lifestyle Lifestyle Parenting Health & Wellbeing Design & Garden Food & Drink Viva Fashion & Beauty Canvas Relationships Pets & Animals Travel Travel International New Zealand Cruises NZ Walks Tips Australia Accommodation Pacific Discover America Rural Motoring Motoring Driven Property Property Residential Property Herald Homes True Commercial Classifieds Classifieds Public Notices True Commercial Businesses for Sale Motoring Sub Navigation Business Small Business Around NZ Economy Global Trade Retail Trade Industries Property Property News Businesses for Sale Herald Commercial Property Personal Finance Work Life Our Experts Deloitte 200 Toolbox Labor Department sues JPMorgan over sexual discrimination 11:25 AM Thursday Jan 19, 2017 SHARE: Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Not saved Email Print World NEW YORK (AP) " The Department of Labor is suing JPMorgan Chase & Co. for discriminating against female workers. The federal agency said Wednesday that its review found that at least 93 female workers in an investment-bank division earned less than comparable men in the same jobs since at least May 2012. The Labor Department said it filed its complaint after it was unable to get JPMorgan to voluntarily make changes. Its lawsuit seeks to make the New York bank comply with regulations, prohibit further discrimination and give the affected workers lost pay, benefits and interest. JPMorgan said it tried to work with the agency and was disappointed that it filed the complaint. "JPMorgan is committed to diversity in the workplace," the company said. AP This story has been automatically published from the Associated Press wire which uses US spellings Email Print Get the news delivered straight to your inbox Receive the day’s news, sport and entertainment in our daily email newsletter SIGN UP NOW Loading Currency Compare and convert world currencies. Discover more Loading Herald Services Book your ad Driven Photos for sale True Commercial Death Notices Public Notices Our Regional News Stories The Northern Advocate Anti-P focus of pre-Waitangi Day hikoi Environmental issues are usually the focus of the annual pre-Waitangi Day hikoi but this… Hawke's Bay Today Visionary plan that excites public needed David Low, the famous anti-appeaser British (though New Zealand born) cartoonist of the… Bay of Plenty Times Tauranga as an event destination Tauranga is on track to become a major events destination, according to local leaders. Priority… Our Features' Top Stories Driven TRS: There's no place like home Taylor Cockerton current focus is open wheelers, but he's eyeing up a tin-tip future..… Viva 11 fun things to do this long weekend From Laneway to the Auckland Folk Festival, keep yourself entertained this Auckland Anniversary… True Commercial Author selling Marlborough farm An internationally-renowned author and artist — whose talents range from olive oil and… More from us Social and Platforms Facebook Twitter Google+ Youtube Instagram RSS Email Mobile Contact the site Contact the newsroom - newspaper Contact the newsroom - digital Send pics, video and tips Help & Support Feedback Advertising Advertise with NZME. Print advertising Online Classified advertising Other Photo sales Subscriber services Promotions Sponsorship About us Our publications Search Legal Privacy Policy Terms of Use Competition Terms & Conditions View on our: Mobile Site © Copyright 2017, NZME. Publishing Limited Assembled by: (static) on production bpcf02 at 28 Jan 2017 15:40:08 Processing Time: 35ms
Home All Sections Search StarTribune Manage Account Log out Log In Subscriptions New Manage Existing Recently Visited Home Local Sports Business Opinion Variety Health Highlights Politics Nation World Science Weather Traffic Video Photography Obituaries Classifieds Autos Housing Jobs Minneapolis St. Paul East Metro North Metro South Metro West Metro Projects Local Columnists Jon Tevlin James Lileks Local Blogs Campus Confidential Class Act Dateline Minnesota Full Disclosure Lileks at Lunch MPLS. STP The Drive Yesterday's News State Fair 10,000 Takes Data Drop Twins Vikings Wild Wolves Lynx MN United Gophers Colleges Golf Motorsports Outdoors High Schools Sports Columnists Dennis Anderson Sid Hartman Patrick Reusse Chip Scoggins Jim Souhan Sports Blogs Access Vikings A Fan's View Bloggin' Scoggins Dennis Anderson Doug Smith Gold in the Barn Gridiron Gold Ice Gold On the Lynx On the Wolves Patrick+ Randball Russo's Rants Sid's Scoops Souhan on Sports StribSports Upload The Roman Empire Twins Insider Sports Podcasts Access Vikings Twins Insider Talking Preps Top Workplaces Business Columnists Lee Schafer Neal St. Anthony Business Blogs 3D Economics Food Market Just Listed Lee Schafer Point of Sale The Mill Commentary Editorial Steve Sack Letters Podcasts Playing Politics Books Celebs Comics & Games Horoscopes Eat & Drink Movies Music Stage & Arts TV & Media Best of MN Health Home & Garden Kids' Health Style Taste The Good Life Travel Variety Columnists Gail Rosenblum C. J Variety Blogs Artcetera Escape Artists Greengirls Health Check Lileks @ Lunch On Books Table Talk Wingnut World Class View all Obituaries Place an Obituary Notice Place an Ad Garage Sales Estate Sales Merchandise Pets Recreational Vehicles & Marina Newspaper Ads Auctions Search Used Vehicles Sell your Vehicle Advertise Rentals Commercial Foreclosures Find an Agent Find a Job Your Resume Your Account Employer A-Z Top Workplaces Post a Job Star Tribune Close Home Local Sports Business Opinion Variety Obituaries Classifieds Autos Housing Jobs More from the Homepage prev Trump's move on refugees stirs praise, worry in Minnesota Gophers football players' suspension hearings head into final hours St. Paul's new recycling system leaves some residents frustrated Lake Street-Marshall Avenue bridge reopens after protest, police say Anti-abortion groups hold triumphant rally after Obama years Critics: Downtown St. Paul skyways are unsafe, unsightly, mismanaged Former Twins manager Kelly to be honored with statue at Target Field A toss of the hat: Minneapolis flash mob pays tribute to Mary Tyler Moore Is it possible to fix the bottleneck at Hennepin and Lyndale? United tests no-frills fares at MSP because we follow rules so well Best sports siblings ever from Minnesota? Here's the Top 10 list next National 411124645 Business Highlights By The Associated Press Associated Press January 18, 2017 — 4:26pm Text size comment share tweet email Print more Share on: Share on LinkedIn Share on Google+ Share on Pinterest Copy shortlink: Purchase: Order Reprint ___ Commerce pick says NAFTA will be early target for team Trump WASHINGTON (AP) — Breaking with Republican orthodoxy, a new Trump administration will work quickly to re-do the North American Free Trade Agreement, a massive trade pact with Canada and Mexico that has boosted trade but still stings laid-off workers, President-elect Donald Trump's pick for commerce secretary told Congress on Wednesday. Billionaire investor Wilbur Ross told Congress that all free trade agreements should be systematically re-opened every few years to make sure they are working in the best interests of the U.S. ___ US stock indexes stay stuck; bond yields and dollar rise NEW YORK (AP) — The stock market hasn't been this boring in years. The Standard & Poor's 500 remained at a near standstill Wednesday, the ninth day in a row that it has failed to move by even 0.4 percent, up or down. That's its longest streak of listlessness since the summer of 2013. Other indexes were mixed. Stocks have been in a wait-and-see period in recent weeks following their torrid run since Election Day. Donald Trump will take the oath of office on Friday, and investors are waiting to see how much of his campaign-trail rhetoric will become government policy. ___ Yellen: Expect Fed to gradually hike rates over next 3 years WASHINGTON (AP) — Federal Reserve Chair Janet Yellen says she expects the Fed to raise its benchmark interest rate several times a year through 2019, as it moves closer toward to its economic goals of maximum employment and stable inflation. But in a speech in San Francisco Wednesday, she said she can't say when the next interest rate will occur or how high rates will rise. She says that will depend on how the economy performs in the coming months. ___ US consumer prices up moderate 0.3 percent in December WASHINGTON (AP) — U.S. consumer prices, driven up by rising energy costs, rose moderately in December, closing out a year in which consumer inflation rose at the fastest pace in five years. The Labor Department reported Wednesday that its consumer price index increased 0.3 percent last month, up from a 0.2 percent gain in November. Energy prices, which have been rebounding, were up 1.5 percent, led by another jump in gasoline pump prices. Food costs were unchanged for the fifth straight month. ___ Goldman Sachs results beat estimates, helped by trading NEW YORK (AP) — Goldman Sachs reported fourth-quarter earnings Wednesday that beat analysts' forecasts as the bank recovered from a difficult quarter a year earlier. Results were particularly strong at Goldman's trading desks in the last three months of the year. The New York-based investment bank earned $2.35 billion, or $5.08 a share, compared with $765 million, or $1.27 per share, in the same period a year earlier. Last year's results included a $5 billion legal settlement with the Department of Justice related to the bank's dealings during the housing bubble and financial crisis. The most recent results beat analysts' expectations of $4.76 per share. ___ Citigroup's earnings beat analysts' forecasts NEW YORK (AP) — Financial giant Citigroup on Wednesday reported a 7 percent rise in fourth-quarter profits, helped by a strong performance in the bank's trading business, a theme that has repeated itself with all the major Wall Street banks this quarter. The New York-based company said it earned $3.57 billion in the fourth quarter. The results were slightly above analysts' estimates of $1.12 per share. All the major Wall Street banks benefited from a broad market rally that occurred after the U.S. presidential election. ___ Target cuts profit, sales outlook after bumpy holiday season NEW YORK (AP) — Target cut its fourth-quarter profit and sales outlook after sluggish holiday traffic in its stores and weak sales in key areas like electronics and food offset a surging online business. The holiday season was disappointing for Target and several other retailers dominated by online leader Amazon.com. Macy's, Sears and others have announced store closings and layoffs. ___ American Airlines to sell restricted 'basic economy' ticket DALLAS (AP) — American Airlines announced Wednesday that passengers will be able to buy "basic economy" tickets starting next month that will be similar to bare-bones fares already offered by Delta Air Lines and soon to be matched by United Airlines. If you want to get the cheapest fare on American or United, you will have to leave that rolling carry-on bag at home. Passengers who pay basic-economy rates on those carriers will be limited to one item that fits under their seat — no wheeled bags that take up space in the overhead bins. ___ JPMorgan settles mortgage discrimination lawsuit NEW YORK (AP) — JPMorgan Chase will pay $55 million to settle federal charges that independent brokers working for the bank discriminated against minorities seeking home mortgages during the housing crisis. A federal suit filed in Manhattan Wednesday accused JPMorgan Chase & Co. of charging black and Hispanic borrowers higher interest rates and fees for mortgages from 2006 to at least 2009, causing them to pay an average of an extra thousand dollars. The lawsuit alleges that discrimination cost at least 53,000 minority borrowers tens of millions in higher interest payments and fees, in violation of the Fair Housing Act. ___ Consumer agency sues Navient over student loan repayments WASHINGTON (AP) — Federal regulators have sued Navient, accusing the biggest U.S. student loan company of making it harder for borrowers to repay loans by giving them bad information, processing payments incorrectly and failing to act on complaints. The Consumer Financial Protection Bureau filed the federal lawsuit against Navient Corp. and two subsidiaries on Wednesday, seeking restitution for affected borrowers and penalties. The agency said the company also cheated struggling borrowers out of their rights to lower their payments "through shortcuts and deception." Navient disputed the allegations, calling the suit a politically motivated "midnight action" two days before the Trump administration takes office. View Comments Read our comment standards StarTribune.com welcomes and encourages readers to comment and engage in substantive, mutually respectful exchanges over news topics. Commenters must follow our Terms of Use. Keep it civil and stay on topic. No profanity, vulgarity, racial slurs or personal attacks. Comments with web links are not permitted. Comments that violate the above will be removed. Repeat violators may lose their commenting privileges on StarTribune.com. Comments will be reviewed before being published. Powered by Livefyre } More from Star Tribune Is it possible to fix the bottleneck at Hennepin and Lyndale? United tests no-frills fares at MSP because we follow rules so well Take a look inside 'The Mary Tyler Moore Show' house for sale in Mpls. Family of teen who died after wisdom teeth procedure sues Edina dentist Best sports siblings ever from Minnesota? Here's the Top 10 list Trump's move on refugees stirs praise, worry in Minnesota Better-than-expected earnings reports give stocks small boost Bitcoin traders lose millions to hackers Business Highlights Minnesota's biggest bank firms end 2015 with solid, though not bigger, profits Fannie Mae regulator pushes refinancing for underwater loans More From Politics Politics 3 minutes ago Analysis: President Donald Trump's hectic, chaotic beginning Early action reveals an unruly process that might not help fulfill his goals. National 12 minutes ago Trump orders strict new refugee screening, citing terrorists Setting a hard-line tone on national security, President Donald Trump on Friday suspended the nation's refugee program for four months, aiming to keep "radical Islamic terrorists" out of the United States. East Metro 25 minutes ago Twin Cities homebuilders and cities square off at the Capitol Both sides want more control over moratoriums. St. Paul 28 minutes ago The murals are back at the Capitol Six murals that have been cleaned and repaired by conservators are reinstalled in the Governor's Reception Room and Anteroom at the Minnesota State Capitol in St. Paul on Friday, January 27, 2017. The paintings were taken down, conserved, and stored offsite during the Minnesota State Building Capitol Restoration. National 50 minutes ago A mix of despair and resolve for US Muslims in Trump era Four days after President Donald Trump was inaugurated, mental health counselors hosted a webinar on how their fellow American Muslims could cope. They surveyed the… Top Stories Trump's move on refugees stirs praise, worry in Minnesota 7:44pm Gophers football players' suspension hearings head into final hours 8:16pm St. Paul's new recycling system leaves some residents frustrated 50 minutes ago Most Read Anti-abortion groups hold triumphant rally after Obama years • National Trump orders strict new refugee screening, citing terrorists • National In Trump's White House, a day of confusion and change • National A look at Trump's executive order on refugees, immigration • National Trump proposes big import tax, triggering fight with Mexico • National World Al-Shabab, Kenya claim dozens of deaths in Somalia attack Warnings of rising xenophobia on Holocaust remembrance day Nation Ferguson missed deadlines in deal with Justice Department Brutal western US winter has been terrible for animals Politics Trump's move on refugees stirs praise, worry in Minnesota Anti-abortion groups hold triumphant rally after Obama years markets get quote symbol lookup 20 minute delay last updated Wild Wild rolls into All-Star break with romp over Blues Wild's All-Star caravan readies for its L.A. close-up Wolves Crunch topples KAT's dad in stunt gone wrong; Pacers topple Wolves Souhan: Thibodeau's style working with young Wolves Gophers Gophers football players' suspension hearings head into final hours North Star Cup didn't turn into 'magic event' organizers hoped Celebrities Willie Nelson cancels 2 of 5 Las Vegas shows due to illness 'Mannix' star Mike Connors dies at 91 Vikings Vikings' Bridgewater still rehabbing with no set timeline to return Mailbag: Cordarrelle Patterson to running back? Issues beyond Peterson? poll Poll: Who should get the most minutes at point guard for the Wolves? 10,000 Takes Jana Shortal: Mary Tyler Moore left the light on for newswomen like me Best thing about new 'Star Wars'? Girls like me won't have to play Chewbacca Featured Gallery Inauguration Day: Trump becomes America's 45th president 37 photos As Donald Trump began Inauguration Day Trump supporters flocked to the nation's ... Featured Video Obama's legacy shines brightest in the faces of tomorrow's leaders 05:57 President Barack Obama's term exposed ugly racial rifts in America but a new ... Taste Fans flock to Oak Grill, Skyroom as 113-year Minneapolis tradition ends From Piccolo to pizza, the best restaurants for date night in the Twin Cities StarTribune Follow Us On: Facebook Twitter Google+ Pinterest Instagram Tumblr Company About the Star Tribune Contact us Work For Us News in Education City Pages High school sports hubs Mobile and tablet apps Advertise with us Talk with a business consultant Media kit Classifieds Buy Star Tribune Store Photo Reprints Archived articles Back Copies Commercial reprints Licensing Customer support Help and Feedback Manage your account Newspaper subscription Digital access eEdition Vacation hold/billing Website Terms of use Privacy policy Site index RSS © 2017 StarTribune. All rights reserved.
Today: January 28, 2017, 4:15 am ﻿ HOME SIGN UP! NEW PRESS RELEASE CATEGORIES Your current selected language is German Click below to switsch to English ﻿ HOME SIGN UP! NEW PRESS RELEASE CATEGORIES ﻿ Business Colliers International Completes US$700 Million Revolving Credit Facility PR-Inside.com: 2017-01-18 22:02:01 New unsecured structure increases financial capacity and flexibility to fund future growth TORONTO, Jan. 18, 2017 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Colliers International Group Inc. (NASDAQ:CIGI) (TSX:CIGI) ("Colliers") announced today that it has expanded and extended its multi-currency revolving credit facility (the "Facility") to reinforce its already strong financial position and increase its flexibility for future growth. Borrowing capacity has been expanded to US$700 million, from US$525 million, and the maturity date extended to January 2022 from June 2020. The new unsecured Facility reflects Colliers' proven long-term growth strategy, increased scale, geographic and service line diversification, high level of insider ownership, and investment-grade balance sheet. TD Securities acted as Lead Arranger for the financing. The Toronto-Dominion Bank acted as Administration Agent. HSBC Bank and Bank of Montreal acted as Syndication Agents while JP Morgan Chase Bank, The Bank of Nova Scotia and U.S. Bank acted as Documentation Agents. Additional bank participants include Royal Bank of Canada, Bank of America, Canadian Imperial Bank of Commerce, National Bank of Canada, and Wells Fargo Bank. Torys LLP acted as legal counsel to Colliers in connection with this financing. "We are very pleased to have completed this important step in our ongoing efforts to ensure that Colliers has the necessary capacity and flexibility to fund our operations and growth across our global operations," said Christian Mayer, Vice President Finance & Treasurer. "The ongoing support and vote of confidence by our bank group is a critical component of our strategic growth plan," said John B. Friedrichsen, Chief Financial Officer. "The expanded and newly unsecured 5 year, multi-currency Facility provides us with competitively priced and highly flexible debt capital that forms an important component of our overall capital structure, and a solid foundation to anchor our strong balance sheet and support our growth well into the future," he concluded. "With this important step completed early in the year, we look forward to continuing to pursue significant growth opportunities across our entire global platform, execute on our Enterprise 2020 strategic growth plan, while continuing to deliver significant returns to our shareholders in the years to come", said Jay S. Hennick, Chairman & Chief Executive Officer. About Colliers International Group Inc. Colliers International Group Inc. (NASDAQ:CIGI) (TSX:CIGI) is an industry leading global real estate services company with more than 16,000 skilled professionals operating in 66 countries. With an enterprising culture and significant employee ownership, Colliers professionals provide a full range of services to real estate occupiers, owners and investors worldwide. Services include strategic advice and execution for property sales, leasing and finance; global corporate solutions; property, facility and project management; workplace solutions; appraisal, valuation and tax consulting; customized research; and thought leadership consulting. Colliers professionals think differently, share great ideas and offer thoughtful and innovative advice that help clients accelerate their success. Colliers has been ranked among the top 100 outsourcing firms by the International Association of Outsourcing Professionals' Global Outsourcing for 11 consecutive years, more than any other real estate services firm. For the latest news from Colliers, visit Colliers.com or follow us on Twitter: @Colliers and LinkedIn. Forward-Looking Statements Certain information included in this news release is forward-looking, within the meaning of applicable securities laws. Much of this information can be identified by words such as "believe", "expects", "expected", "will", "intends", "projects", "anticipates", "estimates", "continues" or similar expressions suggesting future outcomes or events. Colliers believes the expectations reflected in such forward-looking statements are reasonable but no assurance can be given that these expectations will prove to be correct and such forward-looking statements should not be unduly relied upon. Forward-looking statements are based on current information and expectations that involve a number of risks and uncertainties, which could cause actual results or events to differ materially from those anticipated. These risks include, but are not limited to, risks associated with: (i) general economic and business conditions, which will, among other things, impact demand for Colliers' services and the cost of providing services; (ii) the ability of Colliers to implement its business strategy, including Colliers' ability to identify and acquire suitable acquisition candidates on acceptable terms and successfully integrate newly acquired businesses with its existing businesses; (iii) changes in or the failure to comply with government regulations; and (iv) such factors as are identified in the Annual Information Form of Colliers for the year ended December 31, 2015 under the heading "Risk Factors" (which factors are adopted herein and a copy of which can be obtained at www.sedar.com). Forward looking statements contained in this news release are made as of the date hereof and are subject to change. All forward-looking statements in this news release are qualified by these cautionary statements. Except as required by applicable law, Colliers undertakes no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statement, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. COLLIERS CONTACT: John B. Friedrichsen Chief Financial Officer | Global (416) 960-9500 This announcement is distributed by Nasdaq Corporate Solutions on behalf of Nasdaq Corporate Solutions clients. The issuer of this announcement warrants that they are solely responsible for the content, accuracy and originality of the information contained therein. Source: Colliers International Group Inc. via Globenewswire # 1187 Words Related Articles More From The Author Atwood Oceanics Announces Fiscal 2017 First Quarter [..] CONFERENCE CALL DETAILS AND WEBCAST ALERT:ATWOOD OCEANICS, INC.Invites You to Join ItsFiscal 2017 First Quarter Earnings Conference [..] Shaikhani Group Won at The IAIR Awards [..] Dubai is an oasis of pure innovation, led by the authentic revolutionary vision of His Highness Sheikh Mohammed bin Rashid [..] Outotec to deliver two sulfuric acid plants [..] OUTOTEC OYJ  PRESS RELEASE JANUARY 18, 2017  at 3.30 PM Outotec to deliver two sulfuric acid plants to Iran Outotec [..] Cuba Ventures CEO Steve Marshall to be [..]     VANCOUVER, British Columbia, Jan. 18, 2017 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Cuba Ventures Corp. (TSX-V:CUV) (OTCBB:MPSFF) (the "Company") [..] Kesko continues to be included in the [..] KESKO PRESS RELEASE 18.01.2017 AT 15.00 1 (2) Kesko continues to be included in the Global 100 Most Sustainable Companies [..]   More From Business Soraya (Morgan) Gutman TEDx Talk Released Soraya (Morgan) Gutman, president–executive services at Brand Launcher, Baltimore, Maryland, presented a TEDx Talk in Wilmington, [..] Ghost White Toner is first time exhibitor [..] Spring Fair is UK"s No. 1 event for Gifts and Home trade attracting creative business owners, buyers and designers from [..] HOME GB Trading�/ Agricultural and Farming Machinery provide a range of new and used agricultural tractors, machinery plant and much [..] HIH Insurance Australia newly resurrected The new HIH insurance Australia will be in operation later this year. It will primarely be a brokerage company using [..] Rehm presents innovations at IPC APEX EXPO "Turn toward the future" - IPC APEX EXPO invites specialist visitors to San Diego, California from 14 to 16 February [..] Disclaimer: If you have any questions regarding information in this press release please contact the company added in the press release. Please do not contact pr-inside. We will not be able to assist you. PR-inside disclaims the content included in this release. ﻿ Home Sign Up! New Press Release Categories Terms Of Service Privacy About Us Contact Us                
Finance BI Intelligence Events Trending Tech Insider Finance Politics Strategy Life Sports Video All × From To You have successfully emailed the post. × 
     

 GOLDMAN SACHS CEO: The markets were already great before Trump's win Portia Crowe Jan. 18, 2017, 3:57 PM 8,409 facebook linkedin twitter email print Lloyd Blankfein. Goldman Sachs Stock markets have been on a tear since Donald Trump's electoral victory in November, but at least one Wall Street titan says the president-elect can't take all the credit. Goldman Sachs CEO Lloyd Blankfein on Wednesday told CNBC that the market had been on the right path before the election and that the "Trump effect" simply added to the momentum. "I think one of the reasons why the election had such a dramatic effect is because it was drawing people in the direction that it was already heading," Blankfein said from the World Economic Forum in Davos, Switzerland. "I think the markets were improving, you know, the Fed's focus on the likelihood of them raising rates, the growth was already in it," he said of the Federal Reserve. "We were already getting at or near full employment." Those factors, he said, were already "baked in" and provide a tailwind for Trump's "stimulative" platform. Goldman's own stock has helped lead the rally and is currently up about 26.7% since the election. His comments contrast those of other Wall Street CEOs who appear more bullish on Trump's plan for the economy. Jamie Dimon of JPMorgan told CNBC that "some people are starting to spend in anticipation" of tax reform and repatriation resulting from Trump's election. "I've heard some CEOs here say, 'I'm going to invest faster now,'" he said. Of course, Blankfein said, Trump's message has filled investors with greater confidence. The president-elect has promised lower corporate taxes, more infrastructure spending, and less regulation, among other things. Blankfein added that the Trump effect did not result just from the difference between the new expectations and the status quo, but rather from the difference between the new expectations and what had been built in for a Hillary Clinton win. Blankfein said before the election that he was backing her bid for president. That said, Blankfein referred to the president-elect as simply "part of the macroenvironment." "It was going in this way, you know, the basic bones of the US economy is good," Blankfein said. "The balance sheets of companies and balance sheets of individuals had been fixed. Again, we've talked about full employment, wage growth ... so this is pushing in the direction of the momentum." When asked if he wished he had backed a different horse, given that Clinton had pushed for higher taxes and more regulation, Blankfein said there was more to it than just those two factors. "Let me put it this way: I am dying to look back at this and like the outcome of it, and I'm certainly going to behave in as supportive of a fashion as I possibly can to make sure that I like it," he said. Goldman Sachs reported fourth-quarter earnings on Wednesday that beat analysts' expectations. Head to CNBC for the full interview » SEE ALSO: Goldman Sachs beats analyst expectations on strong fixed-income trading NOW WATCH: We got our hands on the $44,000 watch that only 352 people can own Loading video... More: Wall Street Goldman Sachs Lloyd Blankfein Donald Trump facebook linkedin twitter email print × Recommended For You Powered by Sailthru GOLDMAN SACHS CEO: The markets were already great before Trump's win GOLDMAN SACHS CEO: The markets were already great before Trump's win Stock markets have been on a tear since Donald... Recommended For You Disclaimer Featured 5 innovations in radiology that could impact everything from the Zika virus to dermatology More "Digital Industry Insider" » We just created the best Google Chrome extension on the market for latest news headlines More "BI Innovations" » Get Finance Emails & Alerts Newsletter-controller Sign-Up Learn More » Finance Select Business Insider Select More Featured 10 Things Before the Opening Bell BI Intelligence Daily Business Insider Select Digital Industry Insider Instant MBA Markets Chart Of The Day Business Insider Events Tech Chart Of The Day Tech Select Top 10 Things 10 Things In Tech You Need To Know Closing Bell Strategy 10 Things You Need To Know In Advertising Advertising Select Careers Select Retail Select Strategy Select Life Breaking News Education Select Entertainment Select Life Select Tech Digital Media Chart Of The Day E-Commerce Chart Of The Day Enterprise Select Fintech Briefing IoT Chart of the Day Mobile Chart Of The Day Payments Chart Of The Day Science Select Finance Finance Insider Markets Select Smart Investor Your Money Select Politics Military Select Politics Select Charts of the Day Sports Chart Of The Day Sports Sports Letter to My Younger Self Hockey great 'King Henrik' Lundqvist on growing up in a tiny Swedish town and his dad's advice to 'dream big' Read Lundqvist's letter to his teenage self » Read Business Insider On The Go Available on iOS or Android Find A Job Tech Jobs C-Level Jobs Media Jobs Design Jobs Finance Jobs Sales Jobs See All Jobs » Thanks to our partners Follow us on: Also check out: * Copyright © 2017 Business Insider Inc. All rights reserved. Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. Disclaimer Commerce Policy Made in NYC Stock quotes by finanzen.net International Editions: UK DE AUS ID IN MY SG PL SE NL FR IT JP
Our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy have changed. By continuing to use this site, you are agreeing to the new Privacy Policy and Terms of Service. U.S. + International Business Keystone pipeline: How many jobs it would really create World Access Companies Car News Interactives Trumponomics CNNMoney Sport Player ROI Who is..? The Feed CNNMoney Investigates American Opportunity 5 Stunning Stats Growing India Markets CEO who backs Trump: People must be realistic Investing Economy Buzz Fed Focus ETF Center Premarkets Market Movers Dow 30 After-Hours World Markets America's Debt & the Economy Before the Bell New Investor Investing Guide Fear & Greed Tech Microsoft unveils new, nicer chat bot Business Culture Gadgets Future Startups Powering Your World Agility in Action Upstarts Innovative Cities Unhackable 15 Questions Media Personal Finance This company just started offering 6-week sabbaticals Save Spend Ahead Wheels Real Estate Careers Millennials & Money Your Money Homes Calculators Money Moves 24 Hours With Money Essentials My Watch List Loan Center Small Biz Chicago factory's rare mission: Manufacture eyewear in U.S. Startups Empire Women Entrepreneurs Luxury Glide your way through a Phoenix business trip Style Away Rare Drive Wealth Rich Quiz The Collector A Gentleman's Guide Millionaire Calculator Log In Log Out JPMorgan Chase accused of paying women less than men by Chris Isidore   @CNNMoney January 18, 2017: 1:27 PM ET IMF Chief Christine Lagarde 'frustrated' by gender pay gap The U.S. sued JPMorgan Chase Wednesday, accusing the nation's largest bank of paying some women tech workers less than their male counterparts. The complaint was filed by the Labor Department. It alleges that a compliance review shows the pay of at least 93 female tech workers in the company's investment banking unit violated an order from President Obama that prohibits federal contractors from discriminating in employment on the basis of sex. The bank denied the allegation and said it would fight the suit. "JPMorgan Chase is committed to diversity in the workplace," said the bank's statement. "We tried to work with the [Labor Department] regarding this matter and resolve any concerns. We are disappointed that the [department] chose to file a complaint, but look forward to presenting our evidence to a neutral decision maker." Related: Jamie Dimon is hopeful about Donald Trump The suit is one of two charging discrimination that were filed against the bank Wednesday. The U.S. Attorney in New York also filed a suit charging that the bank charged higher rates and fees to minority borrowers who received home loans from 2006 to 2009. The bank said it has settled that charge and that the rates and fees charged borrowers in that case were set by mortgage brokers not employed by the bank, not by the bank itself. CNNMoney (New York) First published January 18, 2017: 1:27 PM ET Social Surge - What's Trending Elizabeth Warren asks why federal Wells Fargo complaint site has vanished Insurers warn: We're outta here with no Obamacare replacement Melania Trump on Vanity Fair Mexico cover at an awkward time Mortgage & Savings Powered by LendingTree Terms & Conditions apply NMLS #1136 CNNMoney Sponsors Partner Offers Paid Partner NextAdvisor Paid Partner A jaw-dropping 40,000 point bonus has arrived 7 outrageous credit cards if you have excellent credit The best credit cards for 2017 10 cards charging 0% interest until 2018 The highest paying cash back card has arrived Contact Us Advertise with Us User Preferences Closed Captioning Content Business Markets Investing Economy Tech Personal Finance Small Business Luxury Media Video Tools Site Map Interactive Job Search Real Estate Search Loan Center Calculators Corrections Market Data Alerts News Alerts Connect My Account Mobile Site & Apps Facebook Twitter LinkedIn YouTube RSS Feeds Newsletters Google+ Most stock quote data provided by BATS. Market indices are shown in real time, except for the DJIA, which is delayed by two minutes. All times are ET. Disclaimer. Morningstar: © 2016 Morningstar, Inc. All Rights Reserved. Factset: FactSet Research Systems Inc. 2016. All rights reserved. Chicago Mercantile Association: Certain market data is the property of Chicago Mercantile Exchange Inc. and its licensors. All rights reserved. Dow Jones: The Dow Jones branded indices are proprietary to and are calculated, distributed and marketed by DJI Opco, a subsidiary of S&P Dow Jones Indices LLC and have been licensed for use to S&P Opco, LLC and CNN. Standard & Poor's and S&P are registered trademarks of Standard & Poor’s Financial Services LLC and Dow Jones is a registered trademark of Dow Jones Trademark Holdings LLC. All content of the Dow Jones branded indices © S&P Dow Jones Indices LLC 2016 and/or its affiliates. © 2016 Cable News Network. A Time Warner Company. All Rights Reserved. Terms under which this service is provided to you. Privacy Policy. .
  Markets Stocks Indices Commodities Currencies Mutual Funds ETFs Bonds News SIGN IN BUSINESS INSIDER       PORTFOLIO SEARCH Markets Stocks Indices Commodities Currencies Mutual Funds ETFs Bonds News CANCEL These 2 charts will give stock pickers everywhere nightmares Tina Wadhwa Jan. 18, 2017, 03:01 PM 2016 was one of the most challenging years for professional stock pickers. The chart below from a JPMorgan US Equity Strategy note released on Wednesday shows that only 32% of active quant funds and active long only funds outperformed their benchmarks in 2016, compared to 63% in 2015. On the whole, 68% of active funds underperformed relative to benchmark returns.  Active managers make a living by trying to beat the index, so when they don't, it's not surprising that investors opt to trade in the higher fees for these products for lower cost passive investments.  This underperformance has led to a "record rotation" from active to passive investments in 2016, according to the note. Investors pulled $200 billion from active US equity funds in the single largest annual rotation out of active management. Meanwhile, passive equity funds captured $150 billion of inflows.  "Greater understanding of passive products, their relatively lower fees and disappointing performance of active funds are likely driving the secular shift into more passive products," the JPMorgan note said.  SHARE THIS POST your MARKET VIEW Your Personalized Market Center Categories Equity Money Market Mixed Assets Commodity Bonds News News on Mutual Funds All News Home / News / Stock News / These 2 charts will give stock pickers everywhere nightmares Follow us Need help? Contact us! Visit our network Copyright © 2016 Business Insider Inc. and finanzen.net GmbH (Imprint). All rights reserved. Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service amd Privacy Policy Disclaimer | Commerce Policy | Stock quotes by finanzen.net International Editions: UK | DE | AUS | ID | IN | MY | SG | PL | SE
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy   Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Applied Optoelectronics Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Applied Optoelectronics Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News National Asset Management Inc. Has $607,000 Stake in American Water Works (AWK) Panagora Asset Management Inc. Boosts Position in eBay Inc. (EBAY) Panagora Asset Management Inc. Buys 989,883 Shares of Baxter International Inc. (BAX) Panagora Asset Management Inc. Has $49,920,000 Position in Western Alliance Bancorporation (WAL) Eli Lilly and Company (LLY) Position Lowered by Capital International Sarl Goldman Sachs Group, Inc. (The) (GS) Position Reduced by Capital International Sarl Capital International Sarl Maintains Position in Canadian National Railway Company (CNI) Capital International Sarl Maintains Position in Cognizant Technology Solutions Corp (CTSH) Fuller & Thaler Asset Management Inc. Acquires 2,304,519 Shares of Verifone Systems, Inc. (PAY) Blackstone Group L.P. Invests $13,851,000 in Take-Two Interactive Software, Inc. (TTWO) TPG Group Holdings SBS Advisors Inc. Cuts Position in Continental Building Products, Inc. (CBPX) TPG Group Holdings SBS Advisors Inc. Sells 3,273 Shares of LinkedIn Corp (LNKD) National Asset Management Inc. Has $858,000 Position in Medtronic PLC (MDT) E.W. Scripps Company (The) (SSP) Shares Bought by Blackstone Group L.P. Blackstone Group L.P. Maintains Stake in NantHealth Inc (NH) Fuller & Thaler Asset Management Inc. Has $59,582,000 Stake in Cabot Corporation (CBT) Fuller & Thaler Asset Management Inc. Sells 9,719 Shares of MTS Systems Corporation (MTSC) Fuller & Thaler Asset Management Inc. Sells 494,508 Shares of El Paso Electric Company (EE) Fuller & Thaler Asset Management Inc. Decreases Position in Brink’s Company (The) (BCO) Cheniere Energy Partners LP Holdings LLC (CQH) Position Cut by Blackstone Group L.P. Venator Capital Management Ltd. Invests $3,204,000 in Applied Optoelectronics, Inc. (AAOI) January 18th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Jeff Wilder Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Venator Capital Management Ltd. acquired a new stake in shares of Applied Optoelectronics, Inc. (NASDAQ:AAOI) during the third quarter, according to its most recent 13F filing with the SEC. The firm acquired 144,272 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $3,204,000. Applied Optoelectronics accounts for about 2.1% of Venator Capital Management Ltd.’s investment portfolio, making the stock its 15th largest position. Several other hedge funds also recently made changes to their positions in the stock. ClariVest Asset Management LLC bought a new stake in shares of Applied Optoelectronics during the third quarter valued at approximately $116,000. SG Americas Securities LLC bought a new stake in shares of Applied Optoelectronics during the third quarter valued at approximately $117,000. JPMorgan Chase & Co. bought a new stake in shares of Applied Optoelectronics during the third quarter valued at approximately $173,000. BlackRock Advisors LLC boosted its stake in shares of Applied Optoelectronics by 1.0% in the third quarter. BlackRock Advisors LLC now owns 8,606 shares of the company’s stock valued at $191,000 after buying an additional 88 shares during the period. Finally, American International Group Inc. boosted its stake in shares of Applied Optoelectronics by 5.7% in the second quarter. American International Group Inc. now owns 9,496 shares of the company’s stock valued at $106,000 after buying an additional 515 shares during the period. Hedge funds and other institutional investors own 73.49% of the company’s stock. Shares of Applied Optoelectronics, Inc. (NASDAQ:AAOI) remained flat at $30.44 during midday trading on Wednesday. The stock had a trading volume of 666,060 shares. The stock has a market cap of $523.51 million, a PE ratio of 27.57 and a beta of 2.48. Applied Optoelectronics, Inc. has a 12 month low of $8.08 and a 12 month high of $31.61. The company has a 50 day moving average price of $24.48 and a 200-day moving average price of $19.76. Applied Optoelectronics (NASDAQ:AAOI) last issued its quarterly earnings results on Thursday, November 3rd. The company reported $0.38 earnings per share for the quarter, beating the Zacks’ consensus estimate of $0.28 by $0.10. Applied Optoelectronics had a net margin of 8.61% and a return on equity of 5.87%. The company earned $70.10 million during the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $64 million. During the same period in the prior year, the company earned $0.40 EPS. Applied Optoelectronics’s revenue was up 22.8% on a year-over-year basis. Analysts anticipate that Applied Optoelectronics, Inc. will post $1.28 EPS for the current year. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY WARNING: This piece was originally reported by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are reading this piece on another publication, it was stolen and reposted in violation of U.S. & international trademark and copyright legislation. The legal version of this piece can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/01/18/venator-capital-management-ltd-invests-3204000-in-applied-optoelectronics-inc-aaoi.html. Several analysts recently commented on the stock. Zacks Investment Research cut shares of Applied Optoelectronics from a “strong-buy” rating to a “hold” rating in a research note on Tuesday, November 8th. Piper Jaffray Companies restated an “overweight” rating and set a $27.00 target price (up from $24.00) on shares of Applied Optoelectronics in a report on Friday, October 7th. Finally, TheStreet upgraded shares of Applied Optoelectronics from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating in a report on Monday, October 3rd. Six investment analysts have rated the stock with a buy rating and one has assigned a strong buy rating to the company’s stock. The stock presently has a consensus rating of “Buy” and an average target price of $24.67. About Applied Optoelectronics Applied Optoelectronics, Inc is a vertically integrated provider of fiber-optic networking products. The Company offers its products for approximately three networking end markets, such as Internet data center; cable television (CATV), and fiber-to-the-home (FTTH). The Company designs and manufactures a range of optical communications products at varying levels of integration, from components, subassemblies and modules to turnkey equipment. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding AAOI? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Applied Optoelectronics, Inc. (NASDAQ:AAOI). Receive News & Ratings for Applied Optoelectronics Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Applied Optoelectronics Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Trump’s Labor Secretary Choice Outsourced Jobs President Trump Agenda: Border Wall and Sanctuary Cities White House Says President Trump Will Not Release His Tax Returns Protesters Plan Big Disruptions for Trump Inauguration Summer Zervos Filing Defamation Suit Against Donald Trump © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Benzinga Benzinga Pro Marketfy Financial Data & APIs Fintech Awards Premarket Prep Membership is Free What are you waiting for? Sign up now! Username: Username available! Username taken! Email: Email available! Email taken! Password: Leave blank: OR Free Account Login Click here to access your premium account Username or email: Password: OR Forgot password?' Looking for ? CLICK HERE Contribute Login Sign up Benzinga - Feed Your Mind. Home Best of Benzinga Careers About Contact Us Partners Benzinga Fintech Awards News Earnings Guidance Dividends M&A Buybacks Legal Interviews Management Retail Sales Offerings IPOs Insider Trades Biotech/FDA Markets Pre-Market After Hours Movers Forex Commodities Options Binary Options Bonds Futures Global Economics Previews Reviews Small-Cap Ratings Analyst Color Downgrades Upgrades Initiations Price Target Ideas Long Ideas Short Ideas Technicals From The Press Jim Cramer Rumors ETFs Tech Start-Ups Fintech Personal Finance Premium Products My Watchlist Earnings Guidance Dividends M&A Buybacks Legal Interviews Management Retail Sales Offerings IPOs Insider Trades Biotech/FDA Market Overview Tickers Articles Keywords Search by keyword...googlecse How Important Are Big Bank Earnings? Wayne Duggan , Benzinga Staff Writer     {{following ? "Following" : "Follow"}} January 18, 2017 2:20pm   Comments Share: Related BAC A Mutual Fund For Special Occasions: A Conversation With Value Fund Manager Tobias Carlisle, Part 2 JJ Kinahan Walks Us Through The Most Traded Stocks Among TDA Clients In 2016: Apple, Bank of America & More The Economics Of Preferred Investing Part II (Seeking Alpha) Related C A Mutual Fund For Special Occasions: A Conversation With Value Fund Manager Tobias Carlisle, Part 2 Pete Najarian Sees Unusual Options Activity In Citigroup Steven Romick Curbs Citigroup (GuruFocus) Despite mostly positive earnings reports out of six of the largest American banks, financial stocks have slumped since big banks earnings season started last Friday. Bank of America Corp (NYSE: BAC), Citigroup Inc (NYSE: C), Morgan Stanley (NYSE: MS), Goldman Sachs Group Inc (NYSE: GS) and JPMorgan Chase & Co. (NYSE: JPM) all reported Q4 earnings beats, while Wells Fargo & Co (NYSE: WFC) came up 4 cents short of consensus EPS estimates. Unfortunately, the solid numbers haven’t translated to positive share price momentum for investors. Since last Friday, the Financial Select Sector SPDR Fund (NYSE: XLF) is down 2.0 percent, and all six banks stocks mentioned above are down between 2.6 and 4.0 percent. Delving Into The Selloff While the selloff is likely disappointing for shareholders, it shouldn’t be particularly surprising. Bank stocks have been red-hot in recent months. Each of the six U.S. mega-banks is up between 18 and 40 percent since mid-October. In addition, earnings historically don’t have too much correlation with bank share prices. Looking back at the previous five quarters, the six companies mentioned above beat consensus Street EPS numbers in 25 out of 30 collective quarters. In the week following those 25 earnings beats, the banks generated an average return of +0.97 percent. In the week following the five earnings misses, the banks generated an average return of +0.92. Surprisingly, the better bank earnings are, the worse share prices have performed in recent history. In two out of the last five quarters, all six of the big bank stocks beat earnings estimates. In those two quarters, bank stocks generated an average one-week return of -1.39 percent. Posted-In: banks big banksEarnings News Education General Best of Benzinga © 2017 Benzinga.com. Benzinga does not provide investment advice. All rights reserved.   Related Articles (BAC + C) A Mutual Fund For Special Occasions: A Conversation With Value Fund Manager Tobias Carlisle, Part 2 JJ Kinahan Walks Us Through The Most Traded Stocks Among TDA Clients In 2016: Apple, Bank of America & More Stocks Could Remain Range-Bound Until Trump Policy Details Become Clearer Pete Najarian Sees Unusual Options Activity In Citigroup New President, Same Markets: Investors Await More Detail From Washington Here's How Financials Performed In Q4 View Comments and Join the Discussion! View the discussion thread. Sign up for email alerts on BAC Trending Recent 1 XLNX, SCYX: 25 Stocks Moving In Thursday's Pre-Market Session 2 OCN, WYNN: 25 Stocks Moving In Friday's Pre-Market Session 3 FNMA, SPY: Pershing Square: A Reformed Fannie And Freddie Will... 4 CCJ, XOM: The Potential 'Rip Your Face Off'... 5 RAD, WBA: To The Rescue: Cerberus Capital Ridi... 6 GOOGL, JBLU: 15 Stocks To Watch For Ja... 7 DLGNF, WATT: Exclusive: Ene... 1 SBUX, OCN: Benzinga's Option Alert Recap From January 27 2 NTRPD: Neurotrope: A Company You Never Heard Of Might Have The Biggest Dr... 3 UAA, HRS: A CEO Who's Who Of Trump's Manufacturing Council 4 Kevin O'Leary Highlights The U.S.-Canada Trade Relati... 5 USDA Cattle on Feed report 6 SBUX: A Decade Of Schultz: How Starbucks Has Fared Since He... 7 ATHX, GOOGL: Mid-Afternoon Market Update: Celestica Rise... View upcoming Earnings, Ratings, Dividend and Economic Calendars. Benzinga Benzinga is a fast-growing, dynamic and innovative financial media outlet that empowers investors with high-quality, unique content. Popular Channels Analyst Ratings Be Your Own Boss ETFs Economics Forex Hot News Options Press Releases Start-ups Tech Tools & Features Affiliate Program PreMarket Prep Feeds News Widget Real Time Feed Sitemap Submit News Tips About Benzinga About Us Licensing and APIs Apps (iOS and Android) Fintech Awards Blog In the News Careers Contact Us Disclaimer Privacy Policy Syndication Terms and Conditions Benzinga Partners 1 (877) 440-9464 (ZING) © Copyright Benzinga Benzinga - Feed Your Mind News Markets Ratings Ideas Tech Small-Cap Personal Finance Premium Products Facebook Or Fakebook? Some Of Us Can't Tell The Difference Who Wins And Who Loses When The Fate Of The Aetna-Humana Deal Is Decided?
LOW RATES & FEES Low Rates Balance Transfers 0% APR Low Interest No Fees No Annual Fee No Foreign Transaction Fee Tools Get your free Credit Score Airlines or Low Interest Calculator Cash Back or Low Interest Calculator Payoff Calculator TRAVEL & REWARDS Cards for Travel Travel & Airlines Hotels No Foreign Transaction Fee Earn Rewards Rewards Cash Back Points Gas Cards & Auto Rewards Tools Max Rewards with WalletUp® Better offers with CardMatch™ Pay with the Right Card with Wallet TOP OFFERS Better Offers with CardMatch™ Top Offers for January 2017 Limited Time Offers CREDIT QUALITY Credit Type Excellent Credit Good Credit Fair Credit Bad Credit Limited or No Credit History Other Options Prepaid & Debit Cards Secured Credit Cards Personal Loans Small Business Loans Tools Get your free Credit Score Offers Matched to your Credit Your Credit Score & Report on the Go CARD TYPE Search by Type of Card Cards for Business Cards for Students Prepaid & Debit Cards Secured Credit Cards Search by Network or Bank MasterCard Visa American Express Discover Wells Fargo   Bank of America Capital One Citi Chase Barclaycard NEWS & ADVICE News Articles Latest News News Archive Basics & Help Credit Card Reviews Additional Resources Taking Charge™ Blog Latest Videos Glossary of Credit Card Terms PrivacyWise™ Connect with us Subscribe: RSS News Feeds Subscribe: email Newsletter FREE INTERACTIVE TOOLS Tools Offers Matched for You WalletUp® Card Finder Get your free Credit Score Mobile Apps Calculators Card Offers Top Offers Best Credit Cards Credit Card Comparison Tools Guides PrivacyWise™ Credit Card Terms Glossary MY.CREDITCARDS.COM Sign In Sign Up ADVERTISEMENT Credit Cards Credit Card News Survey: Average card APR climbs to record 15.42 percent - Editorial Policy Survey: Average card APR climbs to record 15.42 percent By Kelly Dilworth Share this Story: Tweet The national average APR on new card offers climbed to an all-time record this week, according to the CreditCards.com Weekly Credit Card Rate Report. The average APR for new credit cards jumped to 15.42 percent – up from a previous record of 15.36 percent. J.P. Morgan Chase spurred this week’s rate change by revising APRs on its line of credit cards so that Chase cards align with the Federal Reserve’s December 2016 rate hike. The federal agency raised its benchmark interest rate by 0.25 percent, prompting lenders to increase rates by the same amount. Chase also hiked APRs by more than a full percentage point on several cards, including the Freedom card and the Slate card. The lowest available APR on the Slate card, for example, was increased to 15.49 percent – up from a previous low of 13.24 percent. Card use continues to expand Despite higher interest rates on new and current credit cards, consumers are reaching for their credit cards more often, according to new earnings data released by several bank card issuers, and are charging bigger balances. J.P Morgan Chase, for example, reported Jan. 13, that credit card sales volume reached a record high of $148.5 billion in the fourth quarter of 2016 – up from $130.8 billion in the last three months of 2015. Total bank card spending, including spending on Chase-issued debit cards, grew by nearly $22 billion. Meanwhile, Bank of America said that credit card and debit card spending grew by 3 percent, year-over-year, in the fourth quarter. U.S. Bank reported that credit card loans expanded by 11.2 percent in the final months of 2016, thanks in part to the acquisition of new card accounts from another issuer, and Wells Fargo reported a 7 percent increase in credit card purchases in the fourth quarter. According to consumer credit data released in January by the Federal Reserve, November was an especially heavy spending month for credit card holders, causing the total amount of credit card debt that consumers carry to surge. According to the Fed, credit card balances jumped by 13.5 percent on an annualized basis in November – up from a 2.9 percent increase in credit card debt the previous month.  November’s increase was the steepest increase in credit card balances in months. However, card balances have been steadily on the rise since February, indicating that cardholders may have finally shed their post-recession wariness toward debt. As a result, credit card balances are currently at their highest point since 2009. CreditCards.com's Weekly Rate Report   Avg. APR Last week 6 months ago National average 15.42% 15.36% 15.18% Low interest 12.22% 12.16% 11.98% Cash back 15.57% 15.51% 15.32% Balance transfer 14.67% 14.61% 14.38% Business 13.41% 13.39% 13.12% Student 13.67% 13.67% 13.42% Airline 15.40% 15.35% 15.08% Reward  15.48% 15.44% 15.29% Instant approval 18.03% 18.00% 18.04% Bad credit 22.98% 22.98% 22.56% Methodology: The national average credit card APR is comprised of 100 of the most popular credit cards in the country, including cards from dozens of leading U.S. issuers and representing every card category listed above. (Introductory, or teaser, rates are not included in the calculation.) Source: CreditCards.com Updated: Jan. 18, 2017 See related: Fed: Card balances surged by $11 billion in November Published: January 18, 2017 ADVERTISEMENT ADVERTISEMENT Join the discussion We encourage an active and insightful conversation among our users. Please help us keep our community civil and respectful. For your safety, do not disclose confidential or personal information such as bank account numbers or social security numbers. Anything you post may be disclosed, published, transmitted or reused. If you are commenting using a Facebook account, your profile information may be displayed with your comment depending on your privacy settings. By leaving the 'Post to Facebook' box selected, your comment will be published to your Facebook profile in addition to the space below. The editorial content on CreditCards.com is not sponsored by any bank or credit card issuer. The journalists in the editorial department are separate from the company's business operations. The comments posted below are not provided, reviewed or approved by any company mentioned in our editorial content. Additionally, any companies mentioned in the content do not assume responsibility to ensure that all posts and/or questions are answered. CreditCards.com's Newsletter Did you like this story? Then sign up for CreditCards.com’s weekly e-newsletter for the latest news, advice, articles and tips. It's FREE. Once a week you will receive the top credit card industry news in your inbox. Sign up now! SUBSCRIBE Editorial Policy Follow Us Credit Card Rate Report Updated: 01-27-2017 ADVERTISEMENT Comments/Questions? Corrections Policy Weekly newsletter Get the latest news, advice, articles and tips delivered to your inbox. It's FREE. SUBSCRIBE Quick Links Credit Card Videos Credit Card Help Credit Card Glossary Credit Card Statistics ADVERTISEMENT Home Privacy Policy California Privacy Rights Home Site Security Privacy Policy California Privacy Rights Site Map FAQs About Us Overview Leadership Team Media Center Careers Contact Us Customer Support Partnership Opportunities Business Development Media Relations Related Sites My.CreditCards.com Credit Card Blogs WalletUp® CardMatch™ International Sites Tarjetas de Credito UK Credit Cards Brazilian Credit Cards Canadian Credit Cards Copyright 2017 CreditCards.com. All Rights Reserved. Terms of Use Stay connected with CreditCards.com Card Types Balance Transfer Cash Back Travel & Airlines No Annual Fee Credit Quality Excellent Good Fair Bad Card Offers Top Offers Limited Time Offers Best Credit Cards Rewards Cards Tools CardMatch™ WalletUp® Card Finder Free Credit Score Browse more tools CARDMATCH™ is a free, secure service that will not affect your credit score. Simply provide your basic information, and view offers that match your credit profile within seconds.
Our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy have changed. By continuing to use this site, you are agreeing to the new Privacy Policy and Terms of Service. U.S. + International Business Keystone pipeline: How many jobs it would really create World Access Companies Car News Interactives Trumponomics CNNMoney Sport Player ROI Who is..? The Feed CNNMoney Investigates American Opportunity 5 Stunning Stats Growing India Markets CEO who backs Trump: People must be realistic Investing Economy Buzz Fed Focus ETF Center Premarkets Market Movers Dow 30 After-Hours World Markets America's Debt & the Economy Before the Bell New Investor Investing Guide Fear & Greed Tech Microsoft unveils new, nicer chat bot Business Culture Gadgets Future Startups Powering Your World Agility in Action Upstarts Innovative Cities Unhackable 15 Questions Media Personal Finance This company just started offering 6-week sabbaticals Save Spend Ahead Wheels Real Estate Careers Millennials & Money Your Money Homes Calculators Money Moves 24 Hours With Money Essentials My Watch List Loan Center Small Biz Chicago factory's rare mission: Manufacture eyewear in U.S. Startups Empire Women Entrepreneurs Luxury Glide your way through a Phoenix business trip Style Away Rare Drive Wealth Rich Quiz The Collector A Gentleman's Guide Millionaire Calculator Log In Log Out JPMorgan Chase accused of paying women less than men by Chris Isidore   @CNNMoney January 18, 2017: 1:27 PM ET IMF Chief Christine Lagarde 'frustrated' by gender pay gap The U.S. sued JPMorgan Chase Wednesday, accusing the nation's largest bank of paying some women tech workers less than their male counterparts. The complaint was filed by the Labor Department. It alleges that a compliance review shows the pay of at least 93 female tech workers in the company's investment banking unit violated an order from President Obama that prohibits federal contractors from discriminating in employment on the basis of sex. The bank denied the allegation and said it would fight the suit. "JPMorgan Chase is committed to diversity in the workplace," said the bank's statement. "We tried to work with the [Labor Department] regarding this matter and resolve any concerns. We are disappointed that the [department] chose to file a complaint, but look forward to presenting our evidence to a neutral decision maker." Related: Jamie Dimon is hopeful about Donald Trump The suit is one of two charging discrimination that were filed against the bank Wednesday. The U.S. Attorney in New York also filed a suit charging that the bank charged higher rates and fees to minority borrowers who received home loans from 2006 to 2009. The bank said it has settled that charge and that the rates and fees charged borrowers in that case were set by mortgage brokers not employed by the bank, not by the bank itself. CNNMoney (New York) First published January 18, 2017: 1:27 PM ET Social Surge - What's Trending Elizabeth Warren asks why federal Wells Fargo complaint site has vanished Insurers warn: We're outta here with no Obamacare replacement Melania Trump on Vanity Fair Mexico cover at an awkward time Mortgage & Savings Powered by LendingTree Terms & Conditions apply NMLS #1136 CNNMoney Sponsors Partner Offers Paid Partner NextAdvisor Paid Partner A jaw-dropping 40,000 point bonus has arrived 7 outrageous credit cards if you have excellent credit The best credit cards for 2017 10 cards charging 0% interest until 2018 The highest paying cash back card has arrived Contact Us Advertise with Us User Preferences Closed Captioning Content Business Markets Investing Economy Tech Personal Finance Small Business Luxury Media Video Tools Site Map Interactive Job Search Real Estate Search Loan Center Calculators Corrections Market Data Alerts News Alerts Connect My Account Mobile Site & Apps Facebook Twitter LinkedIn YouTube RSS Feeds Newsletters Google+ Most stock quote data provided by BATS. Market indices are shown in real time, except for the DJIA, which is delayed by two minutes. All times are ET. Disclaimer. Morningstar: © 2016 Morningstar, Inc. All Rights Reserved. Factset: FactSet Research Systems Inc. 2016. All rights reserved. Chicago Mercantile Association: Certain market data is the property of Chicago Mercantile Exchange Inc. and its licensors. All rights reserved. Dow Jones: The Dow Jones branded indices are proprietary to and are calculated, distributed and marketed by DJI Opco, a subsidiary of S&P Dow Jones Indices LLC and have been licensed for use to S&P Opco, LLC and CNN. Standard & Poor's and S&P are registered trademarks of Standard & Poor’s Financial Services LLC and Dow Jones is a registered trademark of Dow Jones Trademark Holdings LLC. All content of the Dow Jones branded indices © S&P Dow Jones Indices LLC 2016 and/or its affiliates. © 2016 Cable News Network. A Time Warner Company. All Rights Reserved. Terms under which this service is provided to you. Privacy Policy. .
Home   Street Talk   Personal Finance   Economy   Companies   Markets   Investing & Analysis   Insiders   Money Wire   Newsletters Sponsor Men Don’t Need Viagra If you Do This Once Daily - Reverses ED For Good Home | Companies Tags: goldman | citi | wall street banks | trading Goldman, Citi Beat Estimates as Trading Buoys Wall Street (DPC) Wednesday, 18 Jan 2017 12:17 PM Close  More ways to share... Stumbled LinkedIn Vine Reddit Delicious Newstrust Tell my politician Technocrati Short URL| Email Article| Comment| Contact| Print|     A   A    Goldman Sachs Group Inc. and Citigroup Inc. both reported fourth-quarter profit that surpassed analysts’ estimates as a bond-trading revival spurred by Donald Trump’s surprise victory lifted earnings across Wall Street. The two firms were the last of the major U.S. banks to report results, with JPMorgan Chase & Co., Morgan Stanley and Bank of America Corp. all posting gains as investors placed bets on the direction of interest rates and the economy after the November U.S. election. Citigroup’s profit rose 7.1 percent on a 36 percent jump in fixed-income revenue, while earnings at New York-based Goldman Sachs more than tripled, with bond trading up 78 percent. Citigroup Chief Executive Officer Michael Corbat and Goldman Sachs CEO Lloyd Blankfein have been cutting costs and restructuring management to adjust to stricter capital requirements and a revenue downturn since the financial crisis. Goldman Sachs’s 2016 revenue was the lowest in five years, though investors and analysts are speculating the firm’s trading operations could be one of the biggest beneficiaries of Trump’s policies. “The benefits from higher interest rates, accelerating capital deployment and historically low credit costs have been evident throughout the large-cap U.S. bank earnings releases,” Marty Mosby, an analyst at Vining-Sparks IBG, said in a note. “The fundamental story remains intact.” Goldman Sachs was the biggest gainer in the Dow Jones Industrial Average since the Nov. 8 election, surging 30 percent through Tuesday, and the KBW Bank Index of 24 U.S. lenders advanced 20 percent. Goldman Sachs fell 0.5 percent to $234.53 at 11:20 a.m. in New York, while Citigroup dropped 1.4 percent to $57.55. Fourth-quarter net income at Goldman Sachs rose to $2.35 billion from $765 million a year earlier. Earnings at New York-based Citigroup climbed to $3.57 billion from $3.34 billion. Citigroup’s revenue from handling bonds, currencies and commodities was $3.01 billion in the quarter, excluding an accounting adjustment from that period. That was the highest since before the financial crisis, according to data compiled by Bloomberg, and better than the $2.83 billion estimated by analysts. Goldman Sachs’s fixed-income revenue climbed to $2 billion, exceeding the $1.59 billion estimate. Citigroup Chief Financial Officer John Gerspach said on a conference call that “good client activity” continued into the first weeks of January. In equity trading, Citigroup’s revenue rose 15 percent to $694 million, while Goldman Sachs’s fell 9.2 percent to $1.59 billion.   © Copyright 2017 Bloomberg News. All rights reserved. Click Here to comment on this article Close  More ways to share... Stumbled LinkedIn Vine Reddit Delicious Newstrust Tell my politician Technocrati Short URL| Email Article| Comment| Contact| Print|     A   A    1Like our page 2Share Share Companies Goldman Sachs Group Inc. and Citigroup Inc. both reported fourth-quarter profit that surpassed analysts' estimates as a bond-trading revival spurred by Donald Trump's surprise victory lifted earnings across Wall Street. goldman, citi, wall street banks, trading 391 Wednesday, 18 Jan 2017 12:17 PM 2017-17-18 Around The Web Powered by Newsmax Join the Newsmax Community Register To Comment Login To Comment Please review Community Guidelines before posting a comment. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. blog comments powered by Disqus   Free Newsmax E-Alerts Email: Country: Zip Code: Privacy: We never share your email.   Mortgage Rates Get Today's Low Rates Widget Request a mortgage or refinance Powered by Take A Look At This Recommended by Newsmax Most Commented Trump to Company Executives: We Think we Can Cut Regulations by 75 Pct Monday, 23 Jan 2017 | 107 comments This is what leadership looks like... Lawsuit: Trump Businesses Violate Constitution Monday, 23 Jan 2017 | 89 comments Waste time and money. Nonsense. This is what RATs will do... Robert Reich: Here's Why I Don't Think So-Called 'Trump Rally' Will Continue Wednesday, 25 Jan 2017 | 44 comments Do not forget mr.REICH is a FABIAN SOCIALIST ,he is like the Clintons!!... Dow Tops 20,000 as Trump Rally Pushes Higher Wednesday, 25 Jan 2017 | 31 comments Be prepared for O'dumbo and his acolytes to claim this all happened... Mexico President Demands North America Stay Free-Trade Zone Tuesday, 24 Jan 2017 | 31 comments :...humane treatment of Mexican migrant workers....and a coordinated and...       To view this video please enable JavaScript, and consider upgrading to a web browser that supports HTML5 video Home   Street Talk   Personal Finance   Economy   Companies   Markets   Investing & Analysis   Insiders   Money Wire   Newsletters Newsmax, Moneynews, Newsmax Health, and Independent. American. are registered trademarks of Newsmax Media, Inc. Newsmax TV, and Newsmax World are trademarks of Newsmax Media, Inc. NEWSMAX.COM MONEYNEWS.COM © Newsmax Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved Contact | Advertise | Shop | RSS | Archives | Links | Privacy Policy | Terms & Conditions
X Edition: United States Business Business Home Legal Deals Aerospace & Defense Finance Autos Reuters Summits ADventures Data Dive Markets Markets Home U.S. Markets European Markets Asian Markets Global Market Data Indices Stocks Bonds Currencies Commodities Futures Funds Earnings Dividends World World Home U.S. Special Reports Reuters Investigates Euro Zone Middle East China Japan Mexico Brazil Africa Russia India Politics Politics Home Polling Explorer Just In: Election 2016 What Voters Want Supreme Court Tech Technology Home Science Top 100 Global Innovators Media Environment Innovation Commentary Commentary Home Podcasts Breakingviews Breakingviews Home Breakingviews Video Money Money Home Retirement Lipper Awards Analyst Research Stock Screener Fund Screener Life Health Sports Arts Entertainment Oddly Enough Pictures Pictures Home The Wider Image Photographers Focus 360 Video Fed's Kashkari says fiscal outlook not clear enough to change his forecast... Africa América Latina عربي Argentina Brasil Canada 中国 Deutschland España France India Italia 日本 México РОССИЯ United Kingdom United States Bonds News | Wed Jan 18, 2017 | 12:50pm EST Fed's Kashkari says fiscal outlook not clear enough to change his forecasts MINNEAPOLIS Jan 18 Minneapolis Federal Reserve President Neel Kashkari on Wednesday said he did not have enough information on potential fiscal policy shifts to change his own economic forecasts. "The truth is I don't know what the new administration and the new Congress are ultimately going to enact," Kashkari told reporters in Minneapolis. "I don't feel like I have enough information to meaningfully change our forecast on the economy until we get some more clarity on what at least those proposals look like." (Reporting by Jason Lange) Next In Bonds News UPDATE 2-In double whammy for Turkey, Fitch cuts to junk after S&P slashes outlook ISTANBUL, Jan 27 Ratings agency Fitch downgraded Turkey's sovereign debt to "junk" on Friday, snuffing out its last remaining investment grade and underscoring deepening concern about politics and monetary policy in what was once a star emerging market. UPDATE 1-Pharol shuns creditor reorganization plan for Oi as Elliott eyes deal SAO PAULO, Jan 27 The largest shareholder in Oi SA will oppose any alternate reorganization plan that does not come from within the debt-laden Brazilian phone carrier, which is struggling to emerge from bankruptcy protection. BRIEF-WILDHORSE RESOURCE DEVELOPMENT CORP ANNOUNCES PRICING OF UPSIZED $350 MLN OFFERING OF SENIOR NOTES * PRICED $350 MILLION AMOUNT OF 6.875% SENIOR UNSECURED NOTES DUE 2025 AT 99.244% OF PAR MORE FROM REUTERS Sponsored Content From Around the Web Promoted by Taboola Trending Stories Pictures Photos of the week Sponsored Topics X Follow Reuters: Follow Us On Twitter Follow Us On Facebook Follow Us On RSS Follow Us On Instagram Follow Us On YouTube Follow Us On LinkedIn Subscribe: Feeds | Newsletters | Podcasts | Apps Reuters News Agency | Brand Attribution Guidelines Reuters is the news and media division of Thomson Reuters. Thomson Reuters is the world's largest international multimedia news agency, providing investing news, world news, business news, technology news, headline news, small business news, news alerts, personal finance, stock market, and mutual funds information available on Reuters.com, video, mobile, and interactive television platforms. Learn more about Thomson Reuters products: Eikon Information, analytics and exclusive news on financial markets - delivered in an intuitive desktop and mobile interface Elektron Everything you need to empower your workflow and enhance your enterprise data management World-Check Screen for heightened risk individual and entities globally to help uncover hidden risks in business relationships and human networks Westlaw Build the strongest argument relying on authoritative content, attorney-editor expertise, and industry defining technology ONESOURCE The most comprehensive solution to manage all your complex and ever-expanding tax and compliance needs CHECKPOINT The industry leader for online information for tax, accounting and finance professionals All quotes delayed a minimum of 15 minutes. See here for a complete list of exchanges and delays. Site Feedback Corrections Advertising Guidelines Cookies Terms of Use Privacy Policy
Jump to main navigationJump to main content News Search News by eluta.ca Search Jobs at eluta.ca Jobs Login Register 18  Toronto Subscribe Help AdChoices Home News Opinion Business Investing Sports Life Arts Tech Drive Real Estate Portfolio Watchlist Markets Inside the Market Funds & ETFs Investment Ideas Personal Finance Retirement Number Cruncher Strategy Lab Carrick Talks Money Research Reports Home» Globe Investor» Investment Ideas People pass the JP Morgan Chase & Co. Corporate headquarters in the Manhattan borough of New York City, May 20, 2015. (© Mike Segar / Reuters) People pass the JP Morgan Chase & Co. Corporate headquarters in the Manhattan borough of New York City, May 20, 2015. (© Mike Segar / Reuters) FINANCIAL SERVICES Trump-triggered trading bonanza looks set to continue for U.S. banks Add to ... Jamie McGeever and Anjuli Davies LONDON — Reuters Published Wednesday, Jan. 18, 2017 12:51PM EST Last updated Wednesday, Jan. 18, 2017 6:52PM EST Comments Share via email Share on facebook Share on twitter Share on LinkedIn Print Donald Trump’s surprise U.S. presidential election victory sparked a frenzy of trading and hedging late last year that boosted top U.S. banks’ revenue by 26 per cent, according to Reuters calculations, and looks set to keep driving activity. Leading U.S. banks JP Morgan Chase, Bank of America Merrill Lynch, Citi, Morgan Stanley and Goldman Sachs collectively raked in $18.3-billion from fixed income, currencies and commodity (FICC) and equity trading in the last three months of 2016. That was up from around $14.5-billion the year before and driven by investors navigating increasingly murky global politics and a fragile bond market. Growth was particularly strong in FICC, which saw a 41-per-cent increase in what is traditionally the slowest quarter of the year. Equities trading grew 5 percent. European banks will report their fourth quarter results in the coming weeks and are also expected to have enjoyed a trading boost, also driven by the surprising Brexit vote in June. Despite reservations about his isolationist and protectionist bent, investors quickly latched onto Mr. Trump’s pro-growth agenda and reflationary policies. Stocks, bond yields and the dollar surged, with Wall Street hitting record highs. “The Trump effect created a massive move in volatility and volumes, and it’s carrying on. I think it could be a good year because the Trump effect is still there, and will probably be the story of the first 90 days of the year. That will carry us to the summer, then we’ll see,” said Patrick George, EMEA Head of Markets at HSBC in London. Mr. Trump’s pledge to loosen fiscal policy through higher spending and tax cuts helped accelerate a global sell-off in bonds already underway on the view that central banks’ super-easy monetary and credit policies may be drawing to a close. The Federal Reserve raised U.S. interest rates in December, only the second hike in a decade, while its Japanese and European peers are still implementing loose monetary policy. The bond sell-off and policy divergence was a cash-generator for banks despite tighter regulation on their activities in these markets. Bank Of America’s finance chief, Paul Donofrio, predicted his bank could produce an additional $600 million in the current quarter from higher interest rates, with further gains anticipated throughout the year. “There are events out there that will drive volatility and potentially an increase in the volume of transactions, the same way we saw in the second half of 2016 after Brexit,” said HSBC’s George. As well as Mr. Trump laying out his economic policies, markets will take their cue from the upcoming French election and the formal start of Britain’s exit from the European Union. Fixed income and currency markets is where much of the action is expected to take place. According to electronic broker ICAP, the daily average trading volume of U.S. Treasuries in November soared 46 per cent to $214-billion, while Chicago futures markets show bets on 10-year U.S. Treasuries prices falling are the highest since records began over 20 years ago. ICAP figures also showed that trading volume on its EBS platform, where the majority of euro, Japanese yen and Swiss franc trading against the dollar is done, rose by 52 per cent in November to a daily average $115-billion. Analysts at RBC Capital markets say the near-term outlook for capital markets business is “bright”, due to increased optimism over the U.S. economy. Most banks have indicated the start of the first quarter this year is stronger than last year. Goldman Sachs’ banking analysts assume at least a 10-per-cent rise in FICC and equity trading revenues. But banks shouldn’t be complacent, warns David Myers, head of capital markets, Deloitte UK. “Bankers cannot rely on volatile revenues to deliver consistently higher returns,” Mr. Myers said, adding that banks will still be looking to strip out more costs in 2017. Report Typo/Error   GS-NGoldman Sachs Group Inc Latest Price$236.95 -2.63 (-1.10%) JPM-NJPMorgan Chase & Co Latest Price$86.93 +0.18 (+0.21%) MS-NMorgan Stanley Latest Price$43.65 -0.17 (-0.39%) C-NCitigroup Inc Latest Price$57.11 -0.25 (-0.44%) BAC-NBank of America Corp Latest Price$23.36 -0.08 (-0.34%) Updated January 27 4:00 PM EST. Delayed by at least 15 minutes. More Related to this Story TOP LINKS Canada circles the wagons ahead of Trump inauguration Markets are trading Trumpflation ‘with consensus not conviction’ STOCKS Trump takes aim at U.S. dollar, threatening equities Topics Banking Capital Markets Donald Trump United States Federal Reserve System The Goldman Sachs Group, Inc. Morgan Stanley JPMorgan Chase & Co. HSBC PLC Financial Services Comments Share via email Share on facebook Share on twitter Share on LinkedIn Print Next story | Learn More Discover content from The Globe and Mail that you might otherwise not have come across. Here we’ll provide you with fresh suggestions where we will continue to make even better ones as we get to know you better. You can let us know if a suggestion is not to your liking by hitting the ‘’ close button to the right of the headline. {{article_sprite}} {{title}} {{published_at}} In the know News Celebrate the year of the rooster with the best Chinese dishes Vancouver has to offer Sports Unusually large crop of rookies driving Leafs’ surprising success ROB Magazine The real reason house prices in Toronto are soaring real estate Fort St. John, B.C., mansion raises eyebrows with unusual listing The Globe Recommends {{title}} Most popular videos » News Presidential or dangerously erratic? John Ibbitson on week one of Trump's presidency Video Video: Kenneth Irving opens up about his battle with depression and the path to wellness Globe Drive The iconic VW microbus is back, but is it just a diversion? Globe Drive The 11 cars worth waiting for in 2017 Globe Drive Put snow chains on your tires with the push of a button Life Gender takes a back stage to makeup and manicures for some young Japanese men Report on Business Take an aerial tour of Fort Hills, the latest oil sands megaproject News Trump signs order for rebuilding of military, vetting of refugees Life Chef Basics: This seafood stew is a dish to enjoy any season News Mike Pence addresses Washington anti-abortion rally News Trump says he hopes for 'fantastic relationship' with Putin News Visit the Costa Rican holiday spot where Manitoba's premier spends his working vacations ◀ ● ● ● ▶ Highlights Globe Investor At 36, single mom reaches debt-free goal. ‘It feels really good’ More from The Globe and Mail Globe Investor Six dividend-growth stocks for your RRSP Life Include these foods and supplements in your vegan or plant-based diet Most popular Invest Like a Legend 2017: Ten legends reveal how to make money in the coming year NDP Leader Tom Mulcair denounces Trump, calls him a ‘fascist’ How to make big returns by doing nothing, REIT picks, and the number of stocks you should really own Trump suspends entry of Syrian refugees indefinitely GM to cut 625 jobs at Ontario plant, union says X connect with us Products The Globe and Mail Newspaper Newspaper delivered to your doorstep. Subscribe to the newspaper Globe Unlimited Digital all access pass across devices. Subscribe to Globe Unlimited Globe2Go The digital replica of our newspaper. Subscribe to Globe2Go Globe Email Newsletters Get top Globe stories sent to your inbox. Subscribe to email newsletters Globe eBooks A collection of articles by the Globe. View the library Advertise with us GlobeLink.ca Your number one partner for reaching Canada's Influential Achievers. Or go directly to: Newspaper Magazine Digital Globe Alliance: extend your reach Globe Edge: custom content Classifieds The Globe at your Workplace Globe Corporate Sales Globe Unlimited digital edition and Globe2Go e-paper group discounts available. Learn more Corporate financial data and content licensing for your organization. Learn more Or go directly to: Report On Business Top 1000 DataStore essential business intelligence Our Company About us Work at The Globe Staff Secure Services Secure Drop Staff PGP Directory Customer Service Contact Us Customer Preference Center FAQs Customer Care website Digital subscription services Print subscription services Change your delivery address Vacation Stops Mobile Apps News NEWS APP Available for download on the following devices iPhone iPad Android Blackberry Other Sections Appointments Art Store Births & Announcements Corrections Classifieds Classroom Edition Deaths Newspaper Ads Real Estate Special Reports Site Map Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Disclaimer Accessibility Policy Community Guidelines Globe sustainability Editorial Code of Conduct Restrictions © Thomson Reuters 2012. All rights reserved. Republication or redistribution of Thomson Reuters content, including by framing or similar means, is prohibited without the prior written consent of Thomson Reuters. Thomson Reuters is not liable for any errors or delays in Thomson Reuters content, or for any actions taken in reliance on such content. ‘Thomson Reuters’ and the Thomson Reuters logo are trademarks of Thomson Reuters and its affiliated companies. Globe Investor is part of The Globe and Mail's Report on Business Selected data supplied by Thomson Reuters.© Thomson Reuters Limited. Click for Restrictions . Copyright 2017 The Globe and Mail Inc. All Rights Reserved. 351 King Street East, Suite 1600,  Toronto,  ON  Canada  M5A 0N1 Phillip Crawley, Publisher Add to Watchlist Add to Watchlist We've run into a glitch. Please try again later. We've run into a glitch. Please try again later.
HOME EDITION News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance CNBC Explains Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Recode Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows Watch Live CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Full Episodes More Log In | Register Log Out News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Consumer Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Halftime Portfolio Squawk Box Portfolio Take a Tour Subscribe Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance CNBC Explains Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Recode Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Special Reports CNBC Disruptor 50 FA Playbook Modern Medicine Quarterly Investment Guide FinTech CNBC Upstart 25 Retail Report Future Opportunities Your Money, Your Future Original Series Executive Edge Trading Nation Futures Now Retire Well The Pulse @ 1 Market The Bottom Line CNBC Events Davos Delivering Alpha eMerge Americas iCONIC Conference Cambridge Cyber Summit Sohn Conference Follow CNBC EDITION Register Log In Profile Email Preferences PRO Sign Out Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Halftime Portfolio Squawk Box Portfolio Take a Tour Subscribe LIVE TV Watch CNBC TV Watch CNBC Pro Watchlist X × × × Pro Analysis Start Over| ‹ Here are 5 stocks that will rise on a Trump border tax, Strategas says Weiss: Here's how hedge funds are setting up for next week After 20,000 milestone, finding cheap Dow stocks gets harder. Here are 3 Strategist Tom Lee recommends these 6 value stocks for the Trump economy This industrial stock could thrive if Trump revitalizes American manufacturing Ford in better position than GM to benefit from Trump, RBC says This steel play will rally more than 20% this year on Trump, JPMorgan says Deutsche Bank sees Goldman, JPMorgan as best bets in banks Buy these 3 retail 'top picks' for 2017, Deutsche Bank says Facebook to report solid earnings, Pacific Crest predicts Johnson & Johnson downgraded by Wells Fargo on slowing sales concern Here's why chart experts say the Dow 20,000 breakout is for real Dow at 20,000 still looks cheap considering earnings growth ahead: strategists Goldman Sachs believes these stocks will lead the Dow to its next milestone This airline will rally at least 20% this year on fare increases, valuation, JPMorgan says 10 most important morning stories Barclays says these 8 small and mid-cap stocks are ready to pop Buy these 3 stocks because of their successful new drugs, JPMorgan says This cloud software play will rally more than 40% this year, Citi says Here are 3 FANG stocks to buy for earnings season, Jefferies says Apple downgraded on concern that consumers will take longer to buy new iPhones Three stocks that could rally on earnings, according to Morgan Stanley Breakingviews: Foxconn’s U.S. bet goes beyond politics Investors worried about President Trump should buy these stocks, Goldman says Traders bet these 5 stocks will beat Wall Street's earnings expectations Intel to rally 16% this year as earnings beat expectations, Pacific Crest says Verizon downgraded on concern end of phone subsidies will lead to sales decline Qualcomm downgraded on lawsuits by FTC, Apple 10 most important morning stories Tech investor Paul Meeks: This heavily shorted stock may pop like loaded spring Ignore earnings season and focus on Trump's agenda, Goldman Sachs says Buy Alphabet on potential YouTube TV, Pacific Crest says Deutsche Bank downgrades CSX, tells clients to avoid chasing this week's rally Facebook to rally 18% this year on higher ad pricing, Pacific Crest says BMO's Jack Ablin: Stock market is overvalued by 5 to 10 percent This stock will rally nearly 20% this year, Goldman Sachs says UBS downgrades Exxon to sell on stretched valuations, predicts 11% pullback Wells Fargo downgrades Coca-Cola on earnings risk, valuation Buy Panera Bread on early delivery service success, Goldman says 10 most important morning stories The Fed may be headed for a clash with Trump...but not over interest rates Credit Suisse makes Nordstrom, Burlington top retail picks for 2017 JPMorgan makes Salesforce a top pick for 2017 as an artificial intelligence play Disney shares to drop 19% on ESPN and movie risks, BMO says 10 most important morning stories Twitter downgraded by UBS on weak advertising revenue, negative behavior on site Morgan Stanley cuts its Apple estimates due to weak iPhone demand Goldman upgrades Disney, predicts best movie performance ever ahead Buy Netflix on subscriber surge, Mizuho says This stock will ride autonomous driving boom this year, Jefferies says Breakingviews: CNN sale in AT&T-Time Warner deal? Morgan Stanley names GrubHub its top pick in mid-cap internet space IBM to plunge more than 30% this year on weak earnings, Credit Suisse says Facebook to rally more than 20% on strong ad demand, Raymond James says Traders think these seven stocks will beat earnings expectations next week Goldman downgrades Apple supplier Skyworks on competitive threat from Broadcom Enthusiasm around Trump's fiscal spending may be overdone, Credit Suisse says Merck to rally 15 percent on successful cancer drug, Morgan Stanley says Sell Boeing on lower plane profitability, Trump trade policy risk, RBC says 10 most important morning stories Cracks in Trump’s infrastructure Bank stocks are still undervalued even after Trump rally, Strategas says Buy Conagra Brands on improving profits, Trump's tax cuts, Citi says Wells Fargo recommends Salesforce, software stocks for 2017 Deutsche Bank downgrades AT&T on increasing competition JPMorgan makes Netflix a top pick for 2017 on 'increased global profitability' 10 most important morning stories JPMorgan makes Facebook a 'top large-cap pick' Underperforming American Express to rally 29%, Oppenheimer says Here's how to invest in the coming self-driving boom, JPMorgan says Trader Jon Najarian buys these stocks on Trump's aim to boost US auto production Trump's protectionist policies may accelerate automation of US jobs: Strategist Apple is a top pick for 2017, Morgan Stanley says Wells Fargo upgrades bank stocks, names Bank of America its top pick Sell Procter & Gamble on valuation, poor sales, Goldman Sachs says Sell Coca-Cola on weak soda sales, Goldman Sachs says 10 most important morning stories Amazon may hold the Trump card The biggest bull on Wall Street last year just became the most bearish one Shake Shack downgraded on valuation and management turnover: Analyst Goldman Sachs' earnings to boom over the next two years under Trump, UBS predicts UBS downgrades McDonald's on slowing sales, valuation Hershey shares to rally on lower cocoa prices, other cost savings, analyst says Disney to rally 21% this year on over-the-top deals: RBC 10 most important morning stories Traders betting these four stocks will beat earnings expectations next week These ETFs could pop if the Trump rally continues to lose steam Here are 7 'black swan' events that could upend oil, commodity prices this year Evercore lowers its earnings outlook for Twitter Shares of disk-drive maker Western Digital to rally 27 percent in 2017, analyst says Citi downgrades Mylan, says EpiPen price scrutiny to continue RBC makes MasterCard a top pick on internet of things transactions Betting on biotech during JPMorgan's big health-care conference pays off These stocks hated by hedge funds could be ripe for a 'short squeeze' rally Breakingviews: Goldman wins again with Trump's SEC pick Bank of America upgrades cigarette maker Altria to buy on Trump Last year's losers tripling the return of the market so far in 2017 Cowen downgrades JetBlue, American and United on rich valuations Apple to rally more than 20% this year on the next iPhone, Guggenheim says Jefferies turns bearish on casual dining stocks, downgrades Dunkin' Brands › Pro Analysis JPMorgan makes Salesforce a top pick for 2017 as an artificial intelligence play Tae Kim | @firstadopter Wednesday, 18 Jan 2017 | 12:49 PM ETCNBC.com SHARES Adam Jeffery | CNBC Marc Benioff, CEO of SalesForce. Investors should buy Salesforce shares due to the strong prospects for its cloud software and artificial intelligence offerings, according to JPMorgan, which reiterated its overweight rating. "In our view, the company is exhibiting good confidence in its growth opportunity, valuation is still reasonably close to historical trough support levels, the Twitter discussion is starting to fade away in favor of AI, and FQ4 results will likely provide a near-term catalyst," analyst Mark Murphy wrote in a note to clients Wednesday. "We reaffirm CRM as our top pick, both tactically and for 2017." Salesforce ruled out an acquisition bid for Twitter in October 2016 due to shareholder pressure against the deal. Tae KimInvesting Journalist Related Securities Symbol Price   Change %Change CRM --- Pro Analysis Here are 5 stocks that will rise on a Trump border tax, Strategas says Steve Weiss: Here's how hedge funds are setting up for next week After 20,000 milestone, finding cheap Dow stocks gets harder. Here are three Strategist Tom Lee recommends these 6 value stocks for the Trump economy This industrial stock will thrive if Trump revitalizes American manufacturing, JPMorgan says To view this site, you need to have JavaScript enabled in your browser, and either the Flash Plugin or an HTML5-Video enabled browser. Download the latest Flash player and try again. Playing Share this video... × Watch Next...
HOME EDITION News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance CNBC Explains Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Recode Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows Watch Live CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Full Episodes More Log In | Register Log Out News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Consumer Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Halftime Portfolio Squawk Box Portfolio Take a Tour Subscribe Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance CNBC Explains Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Recode Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Special Reports CNBC Disruptor 50 FA Playbook Modern Medicine Quarterly Investment Guide FinTech CNBC Upstart 25 Retail Report Future Opportunities Your Money, Your Future Original Series Executive Edge Trading Nation Futures Now Retire Well The Pulse @ 1 Market The Bottom Line CNBC Events Davos Delivering Alpha eMerge Americas iCONIC Conference Cambridge Cyber Summit Sohn Conference Follow CNBC EDITION Register Log In Profile Email Preferences PRO Sign Out Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Halftime Portfolio Squawk Box Portfolio Take a Tour Subscribe LIVE TV Watch CNBC TV Watch CNBC Pro Watchlist X × × × Banks Finance Banks Investing Wall Street Hedge Funds M&A Insurance Venture Capital US Department of Labor says JPMorgan Chase paid women less than men Wednesday, 18 Jan 2017 | 12:14 PM ETReuters SHARES Scott Mlyn | CNBC A pedestrian passes a sign in front of JPMorgan Chase headquarters in New York. The U.S. Department of Labor on Wednesday filed a lawsuit against JPMorgan claiming the bank engaged in pay discrimination against women. The department in a complaint filed with an administrative judge said New York-based JPMorgan has paid at least 93 women in four different job categories less than comparable male coworkers over the last five years. Related Securities Symbol Price   Change %Change JPM ---
Telecom slugfest intensifies as Vodafone ups ante in 4G space By Numbers clearly show that the strategy of acquiring incremental market share at the cost of margins is not really helping any telco. But the companies have a tough choice between margins and customer base - Australia firm signs 20-year pact to supply US LNG to India Keep your account secure » X Ensure that your correct email id and mobile has been registered with moneycontrol. If not, please update your profile and secure the account now. Updating your email id and mobile number offers following benefits: If someone tries to reset your password, you will be informed immediately Only you will receive email & sms alerts relating to your stocks & overall portfolio Opted-in market updates, news, research reports, will be delivered to you on-time Update your profile now » News Quotes NAVs Commodities Futures News Messages Notices Videos All Search Language App Subscriptions Specials Sign-In Register Santa Claus Logout Hindi Gujrati Profile Portfolio Watchlist Messages Alerts Budget 2017 Presented By: DAYS hours minutes Presented by : Co-Presenting Sponsor : Associate Sponsors : Co-Presenting Sponsor : Associate Sponsors : Budget News markets Mutual Funds commodities Property personal finance portfolio Forum LIVE TV TV18 terminal Best of Budget » Letter to Finance Minister » Expectations » Market Outlook » Flashback » Real Estate » SME Corner » Insurance Corner » Mutual Fund Corner » Budget Poll » Budget Bets » Tease Your Mind » Classroom » Home Business Management Talk Markets Stocks Politics International Tech Lifestyle SME Videos Home » News » Business Jan 19, 2017, 08.28 AM | Source: Moneycontrol.com Telecom slugfest intensifies as Vodafone ups ante in 4G space Numbers clearly show that the strategy of acquiring incremental market share at the cost of margins is not really helping any telco. But the companies have a tough choice between margins and customer base Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3 Telecom slugfest intensifies as Vodafone ups ante in 4G space Numbers clearly show that the strategy of acquiring incremental market share at the cost of margins is not really helping any telco. But the companies have a tough choice between margins and customer base Post Your Comments Share Cancel Shishir Asthana Moneycontrol Research When the customers are having a good time, you can be sure that the companies are not, some wise investor has said. That is certainly true of the telecom sector. Competition just got tougher after Vodafone’s latest offer, which gives prepaid 4G users four times the data benefits without raising the prices of the data recharge packs. Ever since Reliance Jio announced free calling and free 4GB of data in September 2016, the race to the bottom in the telecom sector has only accelerated. The cost has started showing in the financial numbers. Vodafone group took a Euro 5 billion impairment charge in the carrying value of its India business for the September quarter and shelved its initial public offer (IPO) plan. December quarter numbers are likely to be even worse for all the players, as the full impact of the Jio launch will be felt. Fight for market share is clearly at the lower rung of the market that too in the data segment. The top segment and the post-paid clients is normally intact for most of the players; it is the lower segment where loyalty is fleeting. Telcos are offering packages mainly to attract pre-paid customers. Even within the pre-paid clients the offering is sweeter at the lower segment of around Rs 150 per re-charge. Jio’s offering has shifted the scene of the battle from voice to data. JPMorgan in a report on the sector pointed out that data volumes have been rising, but revenues are sliding. Market share may be good for vanity, but ultimately it is profits that pay the bills. So while new customers are being added, the same is not yet reflecting on the revenue side. The JPMorgan report points out that for Bharti Airtel incremental data revenue has slipped to Rs 51 crore in September 2016 quarter as compared to an average of Rs 130.7 crore over the last three quarters and an average of Rs 286.8 crore over the preceding three quarters. Idea Cellular also has a similar slippage. To add to the declining data revenues will be increased use of Wi-Fi services. Government is also launching a series of free Wi-Fi hot spots which will mainly be used by the pre-paid users thus denying the telecom companies growth in data revenues. Deloitte estimates that 37 percent of the data will get offloaded to Wi-Fi by 2020 as compared to around 20 percent currently. In other words, incremental 40 percent of data volumes will be out of the mobile network. So the key question is will lowering data pack rates help telecom companies? In their race to the bottom telecom companies are mimicking e-commerce companies. In search of market share margins are taking a beating. Blended average revenue per user (ARPU) in the case of Vodafone has come down by 11.5 percent from two years ago. The latest data pack offer will hurt even more and could force the company to further delay its IPO, not to mention further impairment possibility by the parent company. Numbers clearly show that the strategy of acquiring incremental market share at the cost of margins is not really helping any telco. But the companies have a tough choice—cut prices and take a hit on the margins, or retain prices and take a hit on customer base. The price war has already resulted in smaller players closing shop, the latest being Videocon Telecom which announced today that it will be stopping its services (present only in Punjab circle) from February 15, 2017. Tags  Vodafone telecom Reliance Jio Bharti Airtel Idea Cellular Buy, Hold, Sell ? Hear it first on M3 Telecom slugfest intensifies as Vodafone ups ante in 4G space See all Sign in or Login with Username Password Keep me signed in   Forgot password? Don't have an account yet? - Register now news Most Popular Top News Accumulate Can Fin Homes; target of Rs 1920: CD Equisearch Buy Aarti Industries; target of Rs 822: Geojit BNP Paribas Wall Street slips after soft GDP data, earnings Wall St weekahead - Investors upbeat on data, Fed; wary of Trump Oil PSUs to invest over Rs 1.4 tn in Andhra by FY22: Pradhan HDFC Bank brings in humanoid to assist customers in branch Trump to meet May in 1st summit with foreign leader Clarity on GAAR to rekindle investor confidence: India Inc Housing sector biggest beneficiary of demonetisation: Naidu See all Video of the day Surprised by market upmove post cash ban; buy stocks: Kotak MF Explore Moneycontrol STOCKS A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z Others MUTUAL FUNDS A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z Live Sensex Public Sector Banks Market Statistics Plan Insurance Global Market Business News Mutual Fund Best Portfolio Manager Bse Sensex Nse Nifty Commodities Price Silver Price/Rate in India Gold Price/Rate in India Crude Oil USD to INR Bank Fixed Deposits Company Fixed Deposits Small Savings Schemes Bonds Budget: 2011, 2012, 2013, 2014, 2015, 2016 | Budget 2017 RBI Credit Policy News Archive FAQs Financial Glossary Forum Moneybhai Think India History India Latest News IBNLive News News in Hindi Cricket News Paper Peek Exam Special CBSE Sample Papers India News Restaurants in Delhi Online Shopping in India Cairn India Euro Infosys Inflation Silver Glenmark Pharmaceuticals Snapdeal Starbucks Narendra Modi Crore Rss Feeds Site Map  |  About Us  |  Contact Us  |  Feedback  |  Advertise  |  Bookmark  |  Disclaimer  |  Privacy Statement  |  Terms of Use  |  Careers Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited. Login Sign Up Get started using your favorite social network or Login using moneycontrol ID Username Password Need help logging in? Reset password. Don´t have an account? Sign Up Get started using your favorite social network or Simply sign up using this short form * mandatory UserName* Username should be atleast 4 character Password* Password should be 8 or more characters, atleast 1 number, 1 symbol & 1 upper case letter Alert Your Password should contain 8 or more characters At least 1 number At least 1 symbol At least 1 upper case letter Confirm Password* Email Already have an account? Login Register Now Sign In X Name* Enter Alphabets only Email* Enter valid email id Contact No.* Enter 10 digits only City Mumbai Delhi Kolkata Bengaluru Chennai Hyderabad Pune Other Interested in All Confused? use our Compare Brokers feature. Register Now Thank you for registering. Respective broker representative will reach you shortly. sign in
Bloomberg the Company & Its ProductsBloomberg Anywhere Remote LoginBloomberg Anywhere LoginBloomberg Terminal Demo Request Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Philanthropy & Engagement Bloomberg London Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Philanthropy & Engagement Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Bloomberg London Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Advertising Bloomberg Media Distribution Bloomberg Live Conferences Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center MENU Homepage Markets Stocks Currencies Commodities Rates + Bonds Economics Magazine Benchmark Watchlist Economic Calendar Tech U.S. Global Startups Cybersecurity Digital Media Bloomberg Technology TV Hello World Studio 1.0 Pursuits Cars & Bikes Style & Grooming Spend Watches & Gadgets Food & Drinks Travel Real Estate Art & Design Politics With All Due Respect Global Risk Briefing How We’ll Know if Trump Is Making America Great Again Tracking Trump’s Web of Conflicts The Inauguration of Donald J. Trump On the March in Trump’s Capital Opinion View Gadfly Businessweek Subscribe Cover Stories Opening Remarks Etc Features 85th Anniversary Issue Behind The Cover More Science + Energy Graphics Game Plan Small Business Personal Finance Inspire GO The David Rubenstein Show Sponsored Content Bloomberg About The Company Sign In Sign In Subscribe Dimon Says Euro Zone May Not Survive If Concerns Are Ignored by Hugh Son @Hugh_Son More stories by Hugh Son and Sonali Basak @sonalibasak More stories by Sonali Basak January 18, 2017, 11:46 AM EST January 18, 2017, 1:50 PM EST ‘What went wrong is going wrong for everybody,’ Dimon says CEO says worries over Trump trade comments appear overblown JPMorgan's Dimon: Not Sure What Brexit Means for Us Yet The euro region could break up if political leaders don’t get to grips with the discontent that’s spurring support for populist leaders across the continent, JPMorgan Chase & Co. Chief Executive Officer Jamie Dimon said.  Dimon said he had hoped European Union leaders would examine what caused the U.K. to vote to leave and then make changes. That hasn’t happened, and if nationalist politicians including France’s Marine Le Pen rise to power in elections across the region “the euro zone may not survive,” Dimon, 60, said in a Bloomberg Television interview with John Micklethwait. The most important market news of the day. Get our markets daily newsletter. Sign Up Business Your guide to the most important business stories of the day, every day. You will now receive the Business newsletter Politics The latest political news, analysis, charts, and dispatches from Washington. You will now receive the Politics newsletter Technology Insights into what you'll be paying for, downloading and plugging in tomorrow and 10 years from now. You will now receive the Technology newsletter Pursuits What to eat, drink, wear and drive – in real life and your dreams. You will now receive the Pursuits newsletter Game Plan The school, work and life hacks you need to get ahead. You will now receive the Game Plan newsletter “What went wrong is going wrong for everybody, not just going wrong for Britain, but in some ways it looks like they’re kind of doubling down,” Dimon said in the interview Wednesday at the annual meeting of the World Economic Forum in Davos, Switzerland. Unless leaders address underlying concerns, “you’re going to have the same political things about immigration, the laws of the country, how much power goes to Brussels.” JPMorgan Chase CEO Jamie Dimon on Bloomberg TV Source: Bloomberg Dimon’s remarks on Europe were unusually pessimistic, coming in a wide-ranging interview in which he also criticized regulations that he said stunt economic growth. But he reiterated optimism for President-elect Donald Trump. Minutes later, Goldman Sachs Group Inc. Chief Executive Officer Lloyd Blankfein also expressed concern about Europe, telling CNBC that leaders are facing a backlash in the midst of a long, complicated process to create an economic bloc. ‘Finding Pain’ “That’s complicated, that’s very hard to do,” said Blankfein, 62. “It’s not done, and it’s not accomplished. We’re finding the pain of that.” The Netherlands’s Geert Wilders and France’s Le Pen are among politicians that have won support for their opposition to the European Union. Wilders’s Freedom Party has been leading in polls ahead of March 15 parliamentary elections. And polls have suggested Le Pen may finish second in the initial round of France’s presidential elections on April 23, and lose a May 7 runoff to center-right candidate Francois Fillon. Le Pen has called for France to exert more control over its economic policy, money, legislation and borders. The bottom line is that Europe must become more competitive, Dimon said. “I say this out of respect for the European people, but they’re going to have to change,” he said. “They may be forced by politics, they may be forced by new leadership.” Trump’s Team Dimon said he isn’t as worried about the future of the U.S. under Trump, whose own rise drew on a populist movement. The real estate mogul and reality TV star is enlisting “very serious people” for his administration, such as Goldman Sachs alumni Steven Mnuchin and Gary Cohn, who’ve been tapped to lead the Treasury Department and help oversee White House economic policy. “The side that people are worried about a little bit, and I think is may be blown out of proportion, is trade,” Dimon said. “They’re listening to tweets and one-liners and statements” from Trump. But in his book, “The Art of the Deal,” the president-elect “will tell you he does that” as a tactic, Dimon said. Asked about a concerns Trump may start a trade war with China, Dimon said he’s not worried. “I think these very rational people will be very thoughtful when they go about the actual policy,” he said. Easing Rules Dimon said he doesn’t want the government to rip up the Dodd-Frank Act, the package of rules Congress passed in 2010 to prevent future financial crises. He has criticized the legislation for years as inconsistent and counterproductive to economic growth. Instead, policymakers “should open it up, look what worked, look what didn’t, recalibrate it, modify it, change it, to accomplish what we want to do, which is what I call good regulation, not just more regulation,” he said. Regulators should also reexamine requirements for bank capital and liquidity ratios, which Dimon said are preventing strong firms from lending more. The regulations are forcing JPMorgan and competitors to sideline hundreds of billions of dollars. “If you look at the whole banking industry, I think there’s a way to go to let them be free to do their job,” Dimon said. Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal. LEARN MORE Trending Now Trump Warms to House Republicans’ Proposed Border-Adjusted Tax Trump Greets U.K.'s May as World Leaders Look For Cues China’s Army of Global Homebuyers Is Suddenly Short on Cash Dutch Regulator Accidentally Posts Soros’s Short Positions Scaramucci Scores Millions From Buyer With Mystery Investors Terms of Service Trademarks Privacy Policy ©2017 Bloomberg L.P. All Rights Reserved Careers Made in NYC Advertise Ad Choices Website Feedback Help
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad Trump-triggered trading bonanza looks set to continue By Reuters Published: 12:31 EST, 18 January 2017 | Updated: 12:31 EST, 18 January 2017 e-mail By Jamie McGeever and Anjuli Davies LONDON, Jan 18 (Reuters) - Donald Trump's surprise U.S. presidential election victory sparked a frenzy of trading and hedging late last year that boosted top U.S. banks' revenue by 26 percent, according to Reuters calculations, and looks set to keep driving activity. Leading U.S. banks JP Morgan Chase, Bank of America Merrill Lynch, Citi, Morgan Stanley and Goldman Sachs collectively raked in $18.3 billion from fixed income, currencies and commodity (FICC) and equity trading in the last three months of 2016. That was up from around $14.5 billion the year before and driven by investors navigating increasingly murky global politics and a fragile bond market. Growth was particularly strong in FICC, which saw a 41 percent increase in what is traditionally the slowest quarter of the year. Equities trading grew 5 percent. European banks will report their fourth quarter results in the coming weeks and are also expected to have enjoyed a trading boost, also driven by the surprising Brexit vote in June. Despite reservations about his isolationist and protectionist bent, investors quickly latched onto Trump's pro-growth agenda and reflationary policies. Stocks, bond yields and the dollar surged, with Wall Street hitting record highs. "The Trump effect created a massive move in volatility and volumes, and it's carrying on. I think it could be a good year because the Trump effect is still there, and will probably be the story of the first 90 days of the year. That will carry us to the summer, then we'll see," said Patrick George, EMEA Head of Markets at HSBC in London. Trump's pledge to loosen fiscal policy through higher spending and tax cuts helped accelerate a global sell-off in bonds already underway on the view that central banks' super-easy monetary and credit policies may be drawing to a close. The Federal Reserve raised U.S. interest rates in December, only the second hike in a decade, while its Japanese and European peers are still implementing loose monetary policy. The bond sell-off and policy divergence was a cash-generator for banks despite tighter regulation on their activities in these markets. Bank Of America's finance chief, Paul Donofrio, predicted his bank could produce an additional $600 million in the current quarter from higher interest rates, with further gains anticipated throughout the year. "There are events out there that will drive volatility and potentially an increase in the volume of transactions, the same way we saw in the second half of 2016 after Brexit," said HSBC's George. FX AND RATES As well as Trump laying out his economic policies, markets will take their cue from the upcoming French election and the formal start of Britain's exit from the European Union. Fixed income and currency markets is where much of the action is expected to take place. According to electronic broker ICAP, the daily average trading volume of U.S. Treasuries in November soared 46 percent to $214 billion, while Chicago futures markets show bets on 10-year U.S. Treasuries prices falling are the highest since records began over 20 years ago. ICAP figures also showed that trading volume on its EBS platform, where the majority of euro, Japanese yen and Swiss franc trading against the dollar is done, rose by 52 percent in November to a daily average $115 billion. Analysts at RBC Capital markets say the near-term outlook for capital markets business is "bright", due to increased optimism over the U.S. economy. Most banks have indicated the start of the first quarter this year is stronger than last year. Goldman Sachs' banking analysts assume at least a 10 percent rise in FICC and equity trading revenues. But banks shouldn't be complacent, warns David Myers, head of capital markets, Deloitte UK. "Bankers cannot rely on volatile revenues to deliver consistently higher returns," Myers said, adding that banks will still be looking to strip out more costs in 2017. (Editing by Elaine Hardcastle; Graphics by Vikram Subhedar) Share or comment on this article e-mail Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS 'They're getting nasty': Speidi slam Jedward for 'mean' behaviour as they get evicted from Celebrity Big Brother The former Hills stars have got the boot PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Tour of love! Smitten Selena Gomez and The Weeknd can't keep their hands to themselves on romantic trip to Italy Three's a crowd! Charlotte Dawson rocks risqué mini dress as she enjoys date night with beau Matt Sarsfield... and her mother Tracey 'I'm still in shock': Drew Barrymore confesses she's 'not ready' to begin dating...five months after officially divorcing Will Kopelman Bella Hadid looks chic on solo outing in New York... as her ex The Weekend whisks Selena Gomez off to Italy for romantic holiday Shows a brave face Anne Hathaway is movie star chic in all black ensemble with dark shades and bold red lip as she steps out in NYC Ever the A-lister She's clearly a fan! Michelle Rodriguez steps out in a Rolling Stones T-shirt with grey leggings for gym session 'I bet they won't be able to say these things to his face': Katie Price challenges troll who branded disabled son Harvey, 14, a 'c***'... and will take the case to Parliament Is there a CBB baby on the way? Newly evicted Speidi reported to have 'requested a pregnancy test on the show' Housemate 'believed' they are expecting No time for jet lag! Alessandra Ambrosio hits the gym in Victoria's Secret gym gear... just a day after flying from Paris to LA 'What a journey': Michelle Keegan shares glamorous selfies from Tina and Bobby set on Instagram... as the final episode is praised by fans 'He's got depth': Jessica Cunningham gushes about 'charming' Calum Best after they share a sweet smooch before she is evicted from CBB The 'Oh yeah' song from 'Ferris Bueller's Day Off' made its one-hit-wonder writer filthy rich - but he has never even SEEN the movie Made $175million SPOILER ALERT! Wannabe Tanya Lacey attempts to wow the judges with a performance of a Whitney Houston song on The Voice 'It stems from insecurities in her own marriage': Danielle Lloyd takes ANOTHER swipe at Nicola McLean as she calls her behaviour in the CBB house 'really sad' 'I was never cool but I'm having the last laugh': Donny Osmond tells how he resisted drugs, booze and the temptations of Sin City - but not Botox and hair dye Bad hair day! Paula Patton has trouble with her locks after bombshell allegations about Robin Thicke having an affair as she fights for sole custody  CBB's James Jordan takes aims at Bianca Gascoigne and Jamie O'Hara's 'showmance' on Twitter while Jessica Cunningham remains tight-lipped  She's clearly a fan! Michelle Rodriguez steps out in a Rolling Stones T-shirt with grey leggings for gym session Oh Balls! Former MP Ed gets kicked in the FACE onstage by partner Katya Jones during Strictly tour performance in Sheffield Are roo thirsty? Wine-drinking kangaroo stars alongside bikini-clad model Ellie Gonsalves in $5MILLION Super Bowl ad for Australian wine SEBASTIAN SHAKESPEARE: Age-defying Elizabeth Hurley poses for favourite photographer, son Damian, 14, in a £152 blue crystal bikini 'Isn't it the most beautiful thing you've ever seen': Shirtless Jason Dundas hits the Bronte Beach rockpool after flying in from L.A. for David Jones show 'Can't wait for Bali': Bikini-clad Skye Wheatley flaunts pert derrière and MAJOR sideboob as she stands provocatively under a shower 'I was breastfeeding in the interviews': Teresa Palmer praises film industry for being 'so accommodating' as she returns to work just weeks after giving birth  Turning the tables! Sofia Richie rocks pink jacket as she practises photography skills while out and about in LA Took a turn at the other end of the camera  Fragile Megan McKenna lashes out at trolls on Twitter after sharing sultry snaps... following her very public NTAs row with TOWIE beau Pete Wicks It's Freaky Friday! Lindsay Lohan meets with Turkish President Erdogan, his wife and a Syrian girl blogger to discuss 'efforts in helping refugees' Buxom Pamela Anderson,49, rolls back the years as she shows off her famous cleavage in plunging party dress at Paris bash 'It gets so much worse': RHOA's Kandi Burruss hits back at co-star Porsha Williams over threesome and lesbian rumours  'Drinking a lot of beer and eating a lot of cheeseburgers': Matthew McConaughey talks weight gain for new role as he transforms his body AGAIN  Revealed: Carrie Fisher wanted ex-lover and long-time friend Harrison Ford to sing Melancholy Wookiee at her Oscars tribute Great sense of humour Riddle of the ring! Eva Mendes steps out wearing an impressive piece of bling after claims she and Ryan Gosling have secretly wed Stylish jet setter Amal Clooney wears baggy jumper as she touches down in LA in with George amid baby rumours Australia Day USA! Hunky Australian chef Curtis Stone drops by Hollywood Today Live to promote American series of My Kitchen Rules David Foster rejected offer to perform at President Trump's inauguration after taking heat from new girlfriend Christie Brinkley for considering the invite 'See you in one week': Ariana Grande shares sultry mirror selfie to plug upcoming Dangerous Woman tour Posed for a black-and-white mirror selfie Bikini babe Kourtney Kardashian flaunts killer figure in tiny white two-piece as she enjoys family getaway in Costa Rica  Lily Collins flashes her six-pack abs in an exercise bra and low-rise leggings as she leaves gym Spotted after a strenuous work out in Beverly Hills Scott Disick wheedles his way back into the Kardashian clan to join Kourtney in Costa Rica... and posts a saucy snap of her online Home, sweet home! Jon Hamm steps out in sweats to grab an icy drink with a female companion in LA after his latest film premieres at Sundance  Looking booty-ful! Kylie Jenner shows off her bikini body as she poses in the mirror on family trip to Costa Rica It's certainly not the usual family-friendly activity. TOWIE's Kate Wright confirms she is not jetting to Tenerife to film start of the new series... amid rumours of her romance with footballer Rio Ferdinand She's beautiful she even gets prisoners freed from Death Row - and she's engaged! She's the trainee lawyer played by Harry's girl Meghan Markle in Suits Paula Patton claims she found husband Robin Thicke naked in bed with two women, details how he abused her and says he even invited his DRUG DEALER to their son's birthday Former X Factor finalist Lucie Jones breaks down in tears of joy as she's picked to represent the United Kingdom at Eurovision 2017 PICTURED: Selena Gomez and The Weeknd caught holding hands on romantic date at arcade Sometimes playing games is good for a new relationship Fit for a king (or queen)! Pregnant Cheryl and Liam Payne get baby delivery from the Royal Family's favourite pram company Baby's coming soon... PICTURED: Distraught Megan McKenna leaves the NTAs in floods of tears after explosive row with TOWIE boyfriend Pete Wicks Floods of tears Bianca Gascoigne's boyfriend CJ Meeks is left heartbroken as he reads about his love's steamy CBB antics with Jamie O'Hara on MailOnline Model life! Elsa Hosk flashes her bikini body as she poses up a storm at the beach... and posts it all on Instagram Looking hotter than ever in a sultry swimsuit. Red hot Jenna Dewan Tatum shares behind the scenes footage from her dressing room on Snapchat Not easy getting red carpet ready  'This a** is all real!': Brielle Biermann fiercely defends alleged plastic surgery rumours on her shapely rear Vented her frustrations during a Snapchat video Gigi Hadid flashes a hint of cleavage in a perilously thin polo shirt as she showcases her sartorial swagger in a chic ensemble in New York  Ant & Dec are joined by supportive wives Lisa Armstrong and Ali Astall as they receive their OBEs for services to television at Buckingham Palace Bianca Gascoigne sets pulses racing as she flaunts her eye-popping cleavage and sensational curves in skimpy swimwear for calendar shoot Made In Chelsea's Binky Felstead hides her growing baby bump in saucy thigh-grazing camouflage T-shirt from her collection, exhibiting her slender legs 'Her links with Sue made it easy': Anna Richardson 'turned down role on Great British Bake Off over show favourite and girlfriend Perkins' SPOILER ALERT: Corrie's Steve McDonald races to the registry office as Leanne Battersby fills in their baby's birth certificate... but will he be listed as the father? 'Not long to go now little angel': Rachael Finch cradles bare baby bump and reveals two boys names have been chosen as due date nears SEBASTIAN SHAKESPEARE: I plotted to behead Duke of Manchester, says Australian model ex-wife in extraordinary disclosure  PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Make-up free Perrie Edwards looks glum as she takes dog Hatchi for a walk... amid rumours of a split with Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain 'You can only fall out with someone you love': Ewan McGregor looks back at his bitter 17-year dispute with T2 Trainspotting director Danny Boyle  'I had let myself go due to personal circumstances': Drew Barrymore admits she lost 20lbs for her new show after split from Will Kopelman She DOES eat crisps! Gwyneth Paltrow reveals her immaculately organised pantry containing some surprisingly normal snacks (including Kettle Chips and popcorn) 39 weeks and counting! Jessa Duggar shares side-by-side baby bump comparison in second pregnancy Due to deliver her second child in weeks  'My angel in heaven': Bobby Brown pays tribute to his late daughter Bobbi Kristina in a bomber jacket with her image on the back 'He's a pathological liar!' Richard Keys' wife blasts the ex-Sky pundit as he renews his affair with their daughter's 27-year-old lawyer friend with trysts at five-star hotel  REVEALED: Photographer Kendall Jenner takes a turn behind the lens as she shoots stunning image of Kaia Gerber, 15, for cover of Love magazine 'G'day from the Philippines!' Miss Universe hopeful Caris Tiivel flashes a hint of thigh in skimpy lace nightgown as she prepares for beauty pageant 'I was called a s***!' Charlotte McKinney reveals her bullying torment over large breasts... and why she is even considering a reduction 'There was no plan, I just lived like him': Matthew McConaughey reveals it took him SIX months of excess to put on more than THREE STONE for new film Gold Aloha! Mother-of-one Amber Rose showcases her eye-popping curves in tiny bikini while relaxing in Hawaii hotel  Shearling delight! Bethenny Frankel bundles up in sheepskin with her daughter Bryn Gone from being Nicky Hilton's nanny to a  Real Housewife  Amanda Warren set to guest star on This Is Us after signing up to play William Hill's mother Show focused on fight with cancer. Joanna Krupa wins permission to 'dig into Brandi Glanville's finances'... after she's ordered to share gynecological records in 'smelly' defamation case Make-up free Melissa McCarthy bundles up on set of her latest film project Can You Ever Forgive Me? in New York City This funny lady is back Somebody Alp me! Josie Gibson takes ANOTHER tumble on the ski slopes as she continues to train for injury-ridden series The Jump Sex J-Education: CBB's Jedward shock housemates by talking about having sex on the kitchen table and teach Jamie O'Hara how to put a condom on a banana 'I didn't show him my picture for FIVE months': Ex EastEnders star Cheryl Fergison, 51, reveals she hid her identity from now husband Yassine, 30 Rihanna shows her humble side as she meets school pupils on Malawi charity trip Visit follows reports Madonna is to adopt in the country Carrie on Homeland: Claire Danes on why the show is good for her marriage and how her neighbourhood book club keeps her sane Life's just peachy! Rebecca Ferguson is the picture of elegance in pastel dress and coat as she promotes her new album in Liverpool Showing Aaron what he's missing! Lauren Pope flaunts her fabulous figure in black lingerie... after split from Geordie Shore star A sultry selfie  'I chose velvet knickerbockers over a suit!' David Beckham discusses his flamboyant fashion history in Desert Island Discs special In bed with Lea Michele! Star strips NAKED to slip between the sheets for latest racy Instagram snap Shared a raunchy photo of herself in bed Meet Lara Croft's dad! Dominic West signs on to play Lord Richard in Tomb Raider reboot starring Alicia Vikander The Affair star has signed on to film He's ripped! Joe Jonas endured 16 weeks of intense pro-athlete training to achieve defined abs and muscles Bam! Pow! Iconic Batman Returns costume worn by Michael Keaton sells at auction for $41,250 The black rubber bat suit stands at 6'5" tall 'Job hazard': Chrissy Teigen shares photograph of her legs covered in bruises... after getting injured while dancing Sore knees 'Zayn's asleep!': Taylor Swift complains about her very early start in behind the scenes peek on I Don't Wanna Live Forever video set 'A day with him and I get so tired my eyes start to itch!' Chloe Madeley on England rugby player beau James Haskell 'pushing himself too hard' 'First day of school v prom!' Taylor Swift fans go wild for sultry new look in I Don't Wanna Live Forever with Zayn Malik At her sexiest 'I'm alive... and I feel great!' Lamar Odom on life after rehab and his brush with death  The 37-year-old has been keeping busy since coming out of the facility The name's Ratajkowski... Lisa Ratajkowski! Big Brother star Appleton emulates DKNY model Emily as she walks her dog in bra and knickers 'You never really leave': Sherlock's Amanda Abbington hints return to the show opposite ex Martin Freeman is possible... despite being killed off Now that's a statement piece! Natalie Portman carries 'Make America Read Again' tote after calling out President Donald Trump at LA Women's March 'Shove it in your mouth!' Jamie O'Hara thrusts a cream-filled scone into Bianca Gascoigne's face as they clash in latest CBB challenge 'It's a wonderful thing to have closure': Uma Thurman wins primary custody of her daughter after a bitter legal battle with financier ex Arpad Busson Tamara Ecclestone displays her long legs in thigh-high boots and chic dress as she goes hand-in-hand with daughter Sophia Mummy-daughter day PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Is this the new line-up for C4's Great British Bake Off? Michel Roux Jr joins Paul Hollywood and even a Mary Berry lookalike at 'screen test' It's Ant OR Dec! Cheeky television presenters swap places for the first time during photo opportunity after being awarded OBEs This feels weird Elizabeth Hurley, 51, parades her incredible bikini body in TINY string two-piece as she holidays in India with son Damian, 14 Sexy Instagram snap  Good Morning America host Lara Spencer heats things up in primetime as she breaks for MULTIPLE makeout sessions during three-hour dinner date The Muse! Sharon Stone, 58, relaxes in her bikini as she paints watercolours in the pool while on 'retreat' She's inspired many over the year, too 'She made me re-evaluate how I see life': Russell Brand rocks grungy leather trousers for The One Show... as he gushes about his two-month-old daughter Mabel Multi-tasking mamma! Jennifer Garner catches up on calls as she juggles her bags after a busy school run in Los Angeles 'We're NOT engaged': GBBO winner Candice Brown denies her convicted drug dealer boyfriend has proposed but says they will definitely marry There's no hiding it now! Zooey Deschanel shows off her baby bump on set of New Girl despite being yet to confirm she is expecting her second child 'Blondes Rule!' Paris Hilton posts a nostalgic throwback picture with old pal Britney Spears It's a flashback of two iconic beauties!  Just a pair of ordinary teens! Rocco Ritchie and girlfriend Kim Turnbull look in good spirits as they join tube-goers for London rush-hour commute 'Slow down, you're drunk': CBB's Nicola McLean scolds Bianca Gascoigne after she puts on a very steamy display with Jamie O'Hara  Kelly Brook flashes her ample cleavage in colourful plunging leotard as she poses for busty calendar shot She commanded attention Lady Victoria Hervey puts on an eye-popping display as she attends pyjama party TOPLESS... covering her modesty in nothing but a pair of nipple tassels That made her morning! The Queen flashes a smile as she's greeted by topless men in traditional Fijian grass skirts at an exhibition in Norwich Bad hair day: Nicolas Cage disheveled look reveals his thinning locks at LAX Actor battles with baldness on Thursday Dream team! Celine Dion joins Gwen Stefani as her key adviser for season 12 of The Voice 'There's nobody like Celine. Everybody's going to be so mad ... that I got you.' Portrait of my lady! Evan Ross shows off his sketching skills with wife Ashlee Simpson as his model and muse He can act, sing, and also draw Royally good pals! Princess Eugenie embraces Hollywood star Felicity Jones as they unexpectedly bump into each other while shopping in London 'Backyard bum shots': Bikini-clad Skye Wheatley flaunts her pert derrière as former Big Brother star poses beside busty brunette friend A house to remember! Mandy Moore secretly buys unusual Mid-century modern home on the outskirts of Los Angeles for just under $2.6 million Ouch! Sarah Hyland hobbles around on crutches 'nursing an ankle injury' on set of Modern Family Performing through pain never looked so good.  Our little helpers! Neil Patrick Harris and David Burtka's twins stir up something sweet in the kitchen Something for all the family Rachel Weisz wraps up warm as she shoots scenes in London as Rachel McAdams' lover for new movie Disobedience Remarkably relaxed  'I know what it feels like to be vulnerable': Charlie Webster reflects on her harrowing sexual abuse ordeal as she visits women's refuge for domestic violence  Bikini-clad Danielle Lloyd shows off her curves as she puts her troubles behind her in Dubai... after publicly slamming ex-husband Jamie O'Hara City chic! Bella Hadid shows off her flawless figure in a plunging mini dress as she hits the streets of Manhattan in a fierce new DKNY campaign 'Orlando Bloom is just chilling behind my house... WHAT': Actor's school visit sends teenagers into meltdown  What I go to school for First ladies first? Trump didn't wait for Melania at their car when they arrived at the White House to meet the Obama's... unlike Barack, George and Bill 'She's giving me a headache': Kelly Brook is slammed on Twitter for being too 'loud and hyper' following fashion segment on Lorraine  Didn't go down well Chloe Ferry bounces back from CBB eviction as she hits the town with Geordie Shore gal pals Charlotte Crosby and Sophie Kasaei Back on the toon Goodman gracious three! Ex On The Beach star Chloe oozes sex appeal in plunging red dress as she hits the town with sisters Lauryn and Amelia Fleeing the country? Scott Eastwood enjoys an escape to Fiji after threats of $300 fine for dangerous cliff diving After making headlines for a cliff dive  Rafa's secret weapon! The childhood sweetheart who almost NEVER goes on tour whose support has helped send Nadal to Australian Open Have Perrie Edwards and Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain split already? Little Mix star DELETES her only Instagram snap of the footballer 'Whisper in her ear that it's okay to go': Carl Reiner reveals what he told actress Mary Tyler Moore's husband the day before she died  Time to go Making a splash! Selfie queen Karen Danczuk flaunts her curves in a VERY low cut swimsuit on Spain's Costa Blanca  Former Labour councillor 'I need to do what's best for my family!' Heather Dubrow reveals she's quitting Real Housewives after five seasons She's a TV veteran Mischa Barton taken to hospital for mental evaluation after neighbours found her 'screaming about end of the world and her mum being a witch'  EXCLUSIVE 'I attract toyboys!' Wild Lisa Appleton says she wants to bag a younger man during lively appearance on Lizzie Cundy's radio show Rita Ora falls victim to a gust of wind as she reveals her legs in extreme thigh-split skirt and cow-print fur jacket while leaving recording studio Hugh Jackman isn't perfect - there's video proof! Aussie triple threat hilariously fumbles classic cane twirl with face smacking results Lily Collins rocks casual workout gear as she gets her morning caffeine fix... after revealing she battled an eating disorder as a teen Back to business: Amy Adams puts on a brave face as she runs errands following VERY awkward Oscars snub The actress is still smiling Game, set and perfect match! Rafael Nadal shares a cuddle and passionate kiss with girlfriend Xisca Perello at Melbourne hotel before the tennis Got this covered! Heidi Klum looks lovely in layers as she heads to the on location set of Germany's Next Top Model Wrapping up warm He's got t-issues! Richard Madeley struggles to blow his own nose as he nurses a bandaged arm after shattering his elbow It's a rough time Who needs Kim? Jonathan Cheban enjoys a walk with Kardashian lookalike in London as his BFF heads to Costa Rica with Saint and North The playful Prince! Albert is poked by his adorable two-year-old son as he joins his wife and daughter on the balcony on Saint Devote Day in Monaco It's them or me! Amir Khan's 'paranoid' wife gives boxer a family ultimatum because she can't get over 'Michael Jackson' jibe and fears MORE sex tapes Jennifer Lopez, 47, suffers a wardrobe malfunction as she accidentally flashes her flesh-coloured bra in low-cut white dress at shoe collection launch '21 feels amazing!' AFL WAG Rebecca Judd thanks fans for the 'bday love' as she is gifted with large bouquet of flowers... before bonding with twins Well he is a Saint! Kim Kardashian can't stop kissing her son's cherubic cheeks as they join North onboard jet to Costa Rica... but Kanye isn't there! From slumdog to Hollywood: Incredible rags to riches story of Indian boy, 8, plucked from Mumbai ghetto to star in Nicole Kidman's Lion blockbuster Ex TOWIE star Danielle Armstrong parties with Kate Wright's new love interest Rio Ferdinand as former footballer reopens his Manchester restaurant Racy Kylie Jenner flashes major underboob as she exposes her lace bra and flat stomach in a cropped sweatshirt on night out with Tyga PICTURED: Proof Madonna IS trying to adopt four-year-old twin sisters in Malawi as she is seen leaving court... hours after she denied it  Larry Lamb channels notorious thief Brian Reader in dramatic new trailer for The Hatton Garden Job... based on real-life jewellery heist by ageing gang 'We need a DNA test...' Pregnant Rochelle Humes claims Chris Kamara could be the father of her unborn baby during playful interview  'Of course we're getting married!' GBBO winner Candice Brown's convicted drug dealer boyfriend CONFIRMS wedding plans Robin Thicke 'loses custody' of son Julian as judge issues 'restraining order blocking him from going near his child and ex-wife Paula Patton' Nicole Richie looks stylish in Beetlejuice inspired top and shaggy coat as she supports husband Joel Madden for latest music venture Perfect pair Eamonn Holmes, Davina McCall and Kirstie Allsopp rally behind Gary Lineker who said homework should be BANNED (and calling for a boycott day) Bella Thorne proudly shows off new piercing as she goes braless in tight top after boasting about nipple ring Sure to give a view of the area to her fans 'Baby, baby, I feel crazy': Taylor Swift and Zayn Malik trash luxurious hotel room in sizzling video for I Don't Wanna Live Forever At long last, it's landed Oh yes she (Ha)did! Braless Bella shares racy Instagram snap of her sheer crystal-studded gown from opulent Christian Dior masquerade ball Kourtney's son Reign, 2, sports cute man bun while Kardashian clan leave for Costa Rica (but Scott Disick was uninvited) Doting mom  She's usually flawless! Kris Jenner appeared windswept as hair sticks straight up while boarding private jet to Costa Rica Here comes mama Liza Minnelli digs up mother Judy Garland's remains and has them moved 3,000 miles from New York to Hollywood celebrity cemetery, 48 years after her death  'He's my escape from it all!' Faye Brookes credits boyfriend Gareth Gates following NTA win... as she admits there's extra pressure due to their schedules Playing without the boys! Josephine Skriver shows off her beach volleyball skills as Victoria's Secret models shoot sexy sporty set in Santa Monica 'She can't control her eye': Nicola McLean 'may need emergency corrective surgery after leaving Big Brother house' as new medical woes are revealed  Suddenly shy? Emily Ratajkowski covers up in a tight top and skinny jeans as she enjoys a dinner date at Catch LA  Uncharacteristically covered up Happy family! Mariah Carey's boyfriend Bryan Tanaka bonds with her children as the couple take them to gym class in LA  Seem to be serious 'Total lies': Shane Warne and ex-wife Simone Callahan blast magazine claims their daughter Brooke, 19, is a 'wild girl' who parties too hard She DOES eat crisps! Gwyneth Paltrow reveals her immaculate pantry containing some surprisingly normal snacks (including popcorn and pasta) 'A disgrace': President Trump blasts SNL writer for targeting his son Barron and calls Madonna 'disgusting' for talking about blowing up the White House Ivanka settles into DC life: First Daughter shares charming picture of her children playing at a local park after the family's move to Washington  'What I should've said': Ayda Field shares funny NTAs debrief video with husband Robbie Williams... after her awkward presenting moment fell flat Out and a pout! Katie Price displays alarmingly fuller lips just one day after demure NTAs appearance... before she's slapped with a parking ticket  Make-up free Kaley Cuoco shows off her natural beauty as she cuts a casual figure in baggy sweatshirt and jeans while enjoying some pamper time  From Page 3 girl to grown-up glamour: How Kelly Brook's astonishing wardrobe transformation has earned her an unlikely gig as a fashion editor Anna Wintour heads to Dolce & Gabbana show in Milan... amid claims feud with Alexandra Shulman could be to blame for her stepping down from British Vogue Paula Patton cast as protective mom in ABC summer series amid ongoing custody war with Robin Thicke ABC thriller called Somewhere Between 'We're completely in love!' Delighted Alex Jones, 39, reveals she's given birth to a baby boy as she announces the news live on The One Show 'They look like great tits!' Kate Garraway has to apologise to viewers after Ben Shephard gets naughty talking about 'chasing birds' on Good Morning Britain Glum Megan McKenna appears downcast during solo outing... just hours after 'she was left hysterical amid furious row with beau Pete Wicks at NTAs' Whitney survives the Walford bus crash and soon feels well enough to snog her father-in-law Mick (Danny Dyer) in EastEnders, by Jim Shelley  Kim Kardashian starts new trend as she shows off PIERCED nails (but it's only for the truly pampered) Not for everyone  'I can do whatever the fig I like!' Nadia Sawalha defends her actions after she was caught on camera swearing about Loose Women losing at NTAs to This Morning 'We went for it!': EastEnders' Emma Barton reveals soap's cast did lift a REAL double decker bus while filming controversial crash scene 'I'll be at the hotel!' Third Williams sister will NOT be going to Venus and Serena's Australian Open final - because she doesn't want to choose a side Seeing double! Rob Kardashian compares baby pictures of himself and daughter Dream on Instagram He's been nothing but adoring  Ben Price QUITS Coronation Street to spend more time with his family after seven years playing Nick Tilsley Hope she isn't fishing for compliments! Christina Milian wears hideous multicoloured gown to seafood restaurant in Los Angeles  Sarah Paulson is a fashionable flyer while touching down at LAX... as girlfriend Holland Taylor calls their relationship 'the most wonderful thing' Janet Jackson spotted out for first time since welcoming son Eissa just weeks ago as she shops at baby boutique in London A galaxy far, far away! Star Wars actor Ben Mendelsohn cast in Netflix film 'The Land of Steady Habits'... after wife Emma Forrest files for divorce 'Why are we on her mind so often?' Paris Jackson hits back at Wendy Williams after chat show host said she did not deserve Rolling Stone cover Is that you, Charlene? Kylie Minogue provides a throwback to Neighbours in retro overall outfit as she starts work on wedding and a name change Nothing casual about it! Gigi Hadid dons a sweat suit with a full face of make-up after  Maybelline photoshoot Heading back to her apartment in NYC Wait for us! Kylie Jenner holds King Cairo's hand as duo sprint to private jet for family trip to Costa Rica Playing stepmum She's a walking advert! Mary Berry totes her new recipe book as she arrives at the Radio 4 studios after taking a swipe at Paul Hollywood  Self-promotion He's got axes to grind! Jason Momoa carries multiple hatchets while heading to chat show in Hollywood Heading to a television appearance She's a beaming bride-to-be! Kate Mara smiles while out with doting fiance Jamie Bell in Beverly Hills Had the look of love on Thursday 'Baby, I'm so proud of you!' Gareth Gates performs an impromptu rap in celebration of girlfriend Faye Brookes' NTA win as they relax in bed together 'Don Draper would be dead': Jon Hamm doesn't think his Mad Men character would be alive today He'd be in his 80s by now Astonishing forgiveness of fallen TV star Rory's wife: She stands by McGrath despite his 14-month harassment of married lover who ended affair 'You talk so much b****cks!': CBB's Nicola McLean unleashes a scathing attack on Jedward as she labels them 'f***ing p***ks' . 'I'm feeling for you': CBB's Jamie O'Hara forgives love-interest Bianca Gascoigne as the pair kiss and make-up... after she lied about being single Ladies who lunch! Cara Santana and Jamie Chung don knit jumpers for meal at WeHo restaurant Have yet to collaborate onscreen Braless Sam Faiers slips into risqué gown to flaunt her perky assets... as she flashes 'PK' phone case in homage to beau Paul Knightley and baby son  Who needs Adrian? Rocky star Sylvester Stallone shows off elegant wife Jennifer Flavin at charity gala He will forever be known for his on-screen love  Oops she did it again! Britney Spears posts sexy lingerie snap just a day after almost breaking the internet by showing off her nether region tattoos Ben Affleck's passion project flop Live By Night results in $75 million loss for Warner Bros The gangster flick has not made a profit Rod Stewart borrows style tips from Only Fools And Horses as he channels Del Boy in shearling coat and flat cap while touching down in NYC Cheeky Anna Friel lauds Paddy McGuinness' hunky physique... as they transform into Rocky characters for new sketch show Bond babe Olga Kurylenko flashes her BARE BREASTS in raunchy caged jumpsuit as she leads sizzling stars at Paris Fashion Week gala dinner So Fancy! Charli XCX goes green in an ab-flashing cropped tee with matching tracksuit bottoms as she shows off her painting skills during radio appearance In the jeans! Julia Roberts keeps it casual in denim as she flashes a big smile with her son Finn, 12, in Malibu The 49-year-old enjoyed a relaxing day  Lottie Moss channels her inner zen at SAME Turkish retreat enjoyed by sister Kate before her infamous easyJet 'basic b***h' meltdown 'I'm good now': Khloe Kardashian helps Jill whose parents died as teen lose 30 pounds on Revenge Body Regained her personality Family business! Bella Hadid and brother Anwar pose up a storm in new Zadig & Voltaire ad campaign Working together for her latest modelling gig 'Practically twins': Beyonce's mom Tina Knowles shares sweet photo collage of super star and lookalike granddaughter Blue Ivy Posted on Instagram All that glitters! Aubrey Plaza wows in thigh-skimming sequined mini as she joins Mary Elizabeth Winstead at Legion premiere Walking the red carpet Dazzling Depp! Lily-Rose, 17, sparkles in a shimmering cropped catsuit as she lends her rising star power to Paris fashion charity bash Still got it! Melanie Griffith shows off taut legs as she steps out in West Hollywood with a male friend A stroll through the neighbourhood  Coldplay star Chris Martin shows off his cycling form as he goes for a ride in revealing shorts in Malibu  It is not every day you see Chris on a bike Another day, ANOTHER soiree! Jet-setter Pixie Lott takes the plunge in stunning black gown as she parties in Paris, 24 hours after NTAs 'I'll miss you Mair': Valerie Harper, 77, takes to Twitter and posts emotional tribute to co-star Mary Tyler Moore To remember her beloved late co-star  Mike Connors of Mannix fame dies aged 91 ONE WEEK after being diagnosed with leukemia His son-in-law Mike confirmed the news Pamela Anderson looks chic in a white playsuit with wide-brimmed hat for Paris sightseeing trip... a day after surprise visit to France's refugees Ashley James continues to flaunt her newly-slimmed down frame as she slips into a tight plunging yellow dress for night out on the town 'I'm a fitness Barbie': Khloe Kardashian displays her toned derriere in tiny bodysuit as she shares behind-the-scenes video from steamy shoot Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
  Register Sign In × Sign In Register home practice areas + − Appellate Class Actions & Product Liability Corporate & Securities Intellectual Property Labor & Employment The Legal Industry + − Contributors Law Firms In House Law Schools alm intelligence Rankings resources events About Us Contact Us Advertise Privacy Policy eNewsletters Subscribe FOLLOW US facebook twitter linkedin rss feed All Practice Areas Appellate Class Actions & Product Liability Corporate & Securities Intellectual Property Labor & Employment Industry News Contributors Law Firms In House Law Schools practice areas All Practice Areas Appellate Class Actions & Product Liability Corporate & Securities Intellectual Property Labor & Employment The Legal Industry Industry News Contributors Law Firms In House Law Schools Rankings resources Jury Awards $51.5M in Lockheed Martin Age Discrimination Suit Charles Toutant New Jersey Law Journal CONTINUE Big Law and the Business of Blockchains (a Tale of Three Bs) Ian Lopez Legaltech News That Time When Mary Tyler Moore Went to (TV) Jail Leigh Jones The National Law Journal Former KWM partners sent second office clear-up request ahead of SRA inspection Rose Walker Legal Week Lawyers Spar Over Rex Tillerson Depo in Climate Change Class Action Ross Todd The Recorder The Push for Pay Equity › Law Firms a ‘Petri Dish’ for Bias, Gender Inequity By Lizzy McLellan| Plaintiffs Lawyers May Struggle to Cash In on Pay Equity Suits Decades After Wolf Block Suit, Ezold Calls For More Gender Bias Litigation Professional Services Firms Increasingly a Target of Pay Equity Suits Instant Insights LATEST LEGAL HEADLINES Florida DEP Official Joins Foley & Lardner as State Reveals Payments of Millions to both Foley and Latham Monika Gonzalez Mesa Daily Business Review Florida Law Prof Who Heads Children’s Law Clinic Arrested for Child Abuse Karen Sloan Daily Business Review Trio of Millionaires Tops Trump SCOTUS Shortlist Tony Mauro and Marcia Coyle The National Law Journal 'I Beg You to Recuse Me': Anna Nicole Smith Judge Finally Gets His Wish John Council Texas Lawyer Here are the Top 10 Lifestyle Law Schools ALM Staff Law.Com In Corporate Cyber-risk Planning, Legal Takes the Helm Ricci Dipshan Legaltech News Preparing Lawyers to be Practice-Ready in a Tech-Driven World Gabrielle Orum Hernández Legaltech News PRACTICE UPDATES Latest Practice Areas Justices Reject Redefinition of Charging Liens Tom McParland Injured at Employer’s Holiday Party? No Workers’ Comp Benefits (in North Carolina). Steven A. Meyerowitz, Esq., Director, FC&S Legal Year in Review: 2016 Cases Will Not Hinder Litigation Funding John Harabedian MORE NEWS Appellate Corporate and Securities Intellectual Property Labor and Employment Class Actions and Product Liability MORE NEWS PRACTITIONER INSIGHTS Injunction of the DOL's Overtime Rule and Its Appeal Tim K. Garrett Law Journal Newsletters The Athlete in Family Matters Lynne Strober and Elisabete M. Rocha Law Journal Newsletters Best Practices in Data Security for Financial Institutions Craig Nazzaro Law Journal Newsletters The Meaning of 'Sex': LGBTQ Rights Under the Legal Microscope Christopher A. D'Angelo Law Journal Newsletters Popular     'I Beg You to Recuse Me': Anna Nicole Smith Judge Finally Gets His Wish Here are the Top 10 Lifestyle Law Schools Injunction of the DOL's Overtime Rule and Its Appeal Three Things to Know About Neil Gorsuch, SCOTUS Front-Runner Attorney Accused of Copying NFL Concussion Complaint in Suit Against WWE PRACTITIONER INSIGHTS Far-Flung Places: The Travails and Travels of a Product Liability Litigator Common Sense Investing Isn’t So Common Defend Trade Secrets Act: Considerations for the Year Ahead A Constitutional Checklist Expedite your Settlement Using Bracketing CONTINUE FEATURED FIRMS Law Offices of Joe Bornstein 5 Moulton St, Portland, ME 04101 207-772-4624 | www.joebornstein.com The Mike Slocumb Law Firm 111 S. Calvert Street Suite 2700, Baltimore, MD 21202 334-741-4110 | www.slocumblaw.com Pasternack Tilker Ziegler Walsh Stanton & Romano L.L.P. 233 Broadway, New York, NY 10279 212-341-7900 | www.workerslaw.com HOT SEAT Ohio Innocence Project Handed $15 Million Donation When Work and Politics Collide, What Is an Employer to Do? 25 Years Later: Anita Hill On Sexual Harassment, Pay Equity and Title IX Federal Circuit Slams Acacia for Fostering Attorney Conflict ‘Blurred Lines’ Lawyer Keeps On Rocking the Recording Industry CONTINUE SOCIAL Tweets by @lawdotcom © 2017 ALM Media Properties, LLC. All Rights Reserved Privacy Policy | ALM License Agreement Sections Practice Areas The Legal Industry Insights Resources Tools Search Legal Dictionary Mobile App Site Map Law.com About ALM Reprints Contact Us Terms of Use Privacy Policy Law.com Law Journal Newsletters The American Lawyer Litigation Daily Asian Lawyer Corporate Counsel Legaltech News The National Law Journal Legal Times The Supreme Court Brief Commercial Litigation Insider Connecticut Law Tribune Daily Business Review (FL) Delaware Law Weekly Delaware Business Court Insider Daily Report (GA) The Legal Intelligencer (PA) New Jersey Law Journal New York Law Journal The Recorder (CA) Texas Lawyer ALM Network of Legal Publications, Events, Research, and Intelligence Tools + LIST SITES © 2017 ALM Media Properties, LLC. All Rights Reserved.
自由電子報 | 影音娛樂 | 好康報報 | 自由部落 ‧Business Home Front Page Taiwan News Business Editorials Sports World News Features Bilingual Pages Home / Business Thu, Jan 19, 2017 - Page 10　News List Print Mail Facebook Twitter plurk funp Finance firms seek exit after May’s Brexit speech ‘PASSPORTING’:Major global financial firms are looking to relocate some of their operations to ensure they can still trade with Europe after the UK quits the union Reuters, LONDON People look out toward the financial offices of banks and other institutions in the financial district of Canary Wharf, from Greenwich Park in London on Tuesday. Photo: AFP Britain’s financial services sector will accelerate plans to move some business overseas after British Prime Minister Theresa May on Tuesday said that the nation would quit the EU’s single market. Businesses have been calling for clarity on what Britain’s relationship with Europe will be before deciding how to reshape their operations, but most major firms are now set to relocate some business to ensure they can still trade with Europe. London’s future as Europe’s financial center is one of the biggest issues in Brexit talks, because it is Britain’s largest export sector and biggest source of corporate tax revenue. “The worst case now seems to be the base case,” a senior executive at one major global bank said after May’s speech, adding that contingency planning would continue apace. May is to meet the heads of several big players, including Goldman Sachs and JPMorgan chief executive officers Lloyd Blankfein and Jamie Dimon, at the World Economic Forum in Davos, Switzerland, for private talks today. She faces an uphill struggle to persuade them not to shift some operations given Britain’s exit from the single market almost certainly means banks will lose “passporting” rights that enable them to sell products across the bloc from their European hubs in London. If finance firms in the UK lose the right to operate across Europe, 75,000 jobs may disappear and the government may lose up to ￡10 billion (US$12.3 billion) in tax revenue, a report by consultancy firm Oliver Wyman said in October. For May, leaving the EU’s single market and regaining full control of Britain’s borders were priorities. “We do not seek membership of the single market. Instead we seek the greatest possible access to it through a new, comprehensive, bold and ambitious free-trade agreement,” she said in Tuesday’s speech. The five largest US banks employ 40,000 people in London, more than in the rest of Europe combined, although some in London fear that could all change. After the June 23 vote, business leaders begged for Britain to stay inside the single market, by having a Norway-style deal that would provide full access to Europe’s markets. However, Britain’s finance industry has reluctantly given up on efforts to keep full access after Brexit and is pushing instead for a more limited trade deal that would potentially exclude some financial products. Banks have been pushing for the government to secure a transitional period in case it proves difficult to negotiate a favorable deal or if talks are protracted and go beyond the two-year time frame for divorce talks once this is triggered. May signaled for the first time that she strongly believes in a transition phase. “We believe a phased process of implementation, in which both Britain and the EU institutions and member states prepare for the new arrangements that will exist between us will be in our mutual self-interest,” she said. However, she gave few details on how such a transition would work or how long it would last. Lawyers advising companies in the financial sector said firms would be unwise to rely on hopes of a staggered exit period given that lack of clarity. “We have a real concern that firms may be relying on the government delivering a transitional deal that simply won’t be possible in the time that we have,” said Polly James, a partner at law firm Berwin Leighton Paisner. 1 2 NEXT › This story has been viewed 2070 times. Comments will be moderated. Remarks containing abusive and obscene language, personal attacks of any kind or promotion will be removed and the user banned. Print Mail facebook twitter plurk funp TOP Most Popular Listing from 2017-01-21 to 2017-01-28 Most read Most e-mailed 1 Pension reform opponents ‘selfish’: DPP 2 Dihua Street 迪化街　年味正濃 3 Traditional New Year celebrations: Japan 日本慶祝新年的傳統 4 Search for Malaysia Airlines Flight MH370 put on hold 近三年一無所獲 馬航MH370終止搜救 5 Peas please MORE  1 Taiwan to develop new stealth fighter jets, ministry says 2 Hon Hai mulls US$7bln plant in US 3 Wide support for pension reform: poll 4 Temperatures set to fluctuate over new year holiday 5 Leslie Koo dies from injuries suffered in fall MORE  Home Front Page Taiwan News Business Editorials Sports World News Features Bilingual Pages Subscribe‧Advertise‧Employment‧About Us‧Contact Us‧ RSS Copyright © 1999-2017 The Taipei Times. All rights reserved.
msn back to msn home money search money search web search Sign in Change language & content: América Latina (español) Argentina (español) Australia (English) België (Nederlands) Belgique (français) Brasil (português) Canada (English) Canada (français) Chile (español) Colombia (español) Danmark (Dansk) Deutschland (Deutsch) España (español) France (français) India (English) Indonesia (Bahasa Indonesia) Ireland (English) Italia (italiano) Malaysia (English) México (español) Nederland (Nederlands) New Zealand (English) Norge (norsk, bokmål) Österreich (Deutsch) Perú (español) Philippines (English) Polska (polski) Portugal (Português) Schweiz (Deutsch) Singapore (English) South Africa (English) Suisse (français) Suomi (suomi) Sverige (svenska) Türkiye (Türkçe) United Arab Emirates (English) United Kingdom (English) United States (English) United States (español) Venezuela (español) Việt Nam (Tiếng Việt) Ελλάδα (ελληνικά) Россия (Pусский) ישראל (עברית)‏ الإمارات العربية المتحدة (العربية‏) المملكة العربية السعودية (العربية‏) مصر (العربية‏) ไทย (ไทย) 한국 (한국어) 中华人民共和国 (简体中文) 台灣 (繁體中文) 日本 (日本語) 香港特别行政區 (繁體中文) Switch to Latino Feedback Help Today Markets Investing Personal Finance Real Estate Careers Small Business My Watchlist Mortgages Credit Cards Broker Center Tools Home News Weather Entertainment Sports Money Lifestyle Health & Fitness Food & Drink Travel Autos Video Top Stocks Inside the Ticker Mutual Funds and ETFs Small Business Expert Voices Taxes Retirement Life Stock Picks Today's 52-Week Highs Today's 52-Week Lows Volume Shockers Price Shockers High-yield Stocks The Best Blue-Chip Stocks AdChoices U.S. sues JPMorgan for alleged mortgage discrimination Reuters By Dena Aubin 1/18/2017 SHARE SHARE TWEET SHARE EMAIL Colleges that have produced the most billionaires The most outrageous CEO salaries and perks © REUTERS/Mike Segar People pass the JP Morgan Chase & Co. Corporate headquarters in the Manhattan borough of New York The United States on Wednesday sued JPMorgan Chase & Co, accusing the bank of discriminating against minority borrowers by charging them higher rates and fees on home mortgage loans between 2006 and at least 2009. Filed in a Manhattan federal court, the government's complaint accused the bank of violating the U.S. Fair Housing Act and the Equal Credit Opportunity Act by charging thousands of African-American and Hispanic borrowers more for home loans than white borrowers with the same credit profile. JPMorgan Chase and U.S. Attorney Preet Bharara did not immediately respond to requests for comment. The alleged discrimination involved so-called wholesale loans that were made through mortgage brokers the bank used to originate loans, the complaint said. Chase allowed brokers to change rates charged for loans from those initially set based on objective credit-related factors, the complaint said. Chase did not require mortgage brokers to document the reasons for changing rates and failed to address racial discrimination, encouraging it to continue, the complaint said. (Reporting By Dena Aubin; Editing by Bill Trott) Go to MSN Home Go to MSN Money Join the conversation Report Abuse Report inappropriate content Sorry! There was a problem. Please try again. Help us maintain a healthy and vibrant community by reporting any illegal or inappropriate behavior that violates MSN’s Code of Conduct. Select a category Spam Child pornography or exploitation Profanity, vulgarity or obscenity Copyright infringement Harassment or threat Threats of suicide Other Who posted the inappropriate comment (Required) Paste the unacceptable comment here submit Leave your comment AdChoices AdChoices AdChoices More From Reuters Saris swirl at rare transgender 'birthday' party in Pakistan Reuters Woods draws comfort from improved form at Torrey Pines Reuters Reuters View the full site Feedback © 2017 Microsoft Privacy Legal About our Ads Feedback Help MSN Worldwide Newsletter Found the story interesting? Like us on Facebook to see similar stories I'm already a fan, don't show this again Send Feedback Provide Feedback Report a Problem We appreciate your input! Select a category: I'm having problems with Top Destinations I'm having issues searching I'm having problems with Featured Apps I see an error in the content Other How we can improve? Please give an overall site rating: Submit Close Privacy Statement Help Help & Support
X Edition: United States Business Business Home Legal Deals Aerospace & Defense Finance Autos Reuters Summits ADventures Data Dive Markets Markets Home U.S. Markets European Markets Asian Markets Global Market Data Indices Stocks Bonds Currencies Commodities Futures Funds Earnings Dividends World World Home U.S. Special Reports Reuters Investigates Euro Zone Middle East China Japan Mexico Brazil Africa Russia India Politics Politics Home Polling Explorer Just In: Election 2016 What Voters Want Supreme Court Tech Technology Home Science Top 100 Global Innovators Media Environment Innovation Commentary Commentary Home Podcasts Breakingviews Breakingviews Home Breakingviews Video Money Money Home Retirement Lipper Awards Analyst Research Stock Screener Fund Screener Life Health Sports Arts Entertainment Oddly Enough Pictures Pictures Home The Wider Image Photographers Focus 360 Video U.S. Department of Labor says JPMorgan Chase paid women less than men Africa América Latina عربي Argentina Brasil Canada 中国 Deutschland España France India Italia 日本 México РОССИЯ United Kingdom United States Market News | Wed Jan 18, 2017 | 10:56am EST U.S. Department of Labor says JPMorgan Chase paid women less than men Jan 18 The U.S. Department of Labor on Wednesday filed a lawsuit against JPMorgan Chase & Co claiming the bank engaged in pay discrimination against women. The department in a complaint filed with an administrative judge said New York-based JPMorgan has paid at least 93 women in four different job categories less than comparable male coworkers over the last five years. (Reporting by Daniel Wiessner in Albany, New York, Editing by Alexia Garamfalvi) Next In Market News FBI request for Twitter account data may have overstepped legal guidelines WASHINGTON, Jan 27 The FBI appeared to go beyond the scope of existing legal guidance in seeking certain kinds of internet records from Twitter as recently as last year, legal experts said, citing two warrantless surveillance orders the social media company published on Friday. Boeing, machinists set February date for S. Carolina union vote SEATTLE, Jan 27 Boeing Co and its largest union said on Friday they had agreed on a February date for a union vote at Boeing's jetliner factory in South Carolina, setting up what is likely to be a fresh battle between the union and the world's biggest plane maker. BRIEF-Snap to publicly file for its IPO late next week- Recode * Snap to publicly file for its much-anticipated IPO late next week- Recode, citing sources Source http://bit.ly/2jnSVXJ MORE FROM REUTERS Sponsored Content From Around the Web Promoted by Taboola Trending Stories Pictures Photos of the week Sponsored Topics X Follow Reuters: Follow Us On Twitter Follow Us On Facebook Follow Us On RSS Follow Us On Instagram Follow Us On YouTube Follow Us On LinkedIn Subscribe: Feeds | Newsletters | Podcasts | Apps Reuters News Agency | Brand Attribution Guidelines Reuters is the news and media division of Thomson Reuters. Thomson Reuters is the world's largest international multimedia news agency, providing investing news, world news, business news, technology news, headline news, small business news, news alerts, personal finance, stock market, and mutual funds information available on Reuters.com, video, mobile, and interactive television platforms. Learn more about Thomson Reuters products: Eikon Information, analytics and exclusive news on financial markets - delivered in an intuitive desktop and mobile interface Elektron Everything you need to empower your workflow and enhance your enterprise data management World-Check Screen for heightened risk individual and entities globally to help uncover hidden risks in business relationships and human networks Westlaw Build the strongest argument relying on authoritative content, attorney-editor expertise, and industry defining technology ONESOURCE The most comprehensive solution to manage all your complex and ever-expanding tax and compliance needs CHECKPOINT The industry leader for online information for tax, accounting and finance professionals All quotes delayed a minimum of 15 minutes. See here for a complete list of exchanges and delays. Site Feedback Corrections Advertising Guidelines Cookies Terms of Use Privacy Policy
zqveqyzxxerfvdeeu Free Site Registration LOGIN Bookstore Calendar CE Center Conferences Subscribe FA Magazine Subscription Newsletters Change of Address Renew Subscription News Feeds Videos FA Library Featured Webcasts Upcoming Archived Whitepapers Most Recent Archived Market and Economic Outlook Go Username Password What is 0 + 2? Remember me New User? | Forgot Username? | Forgot Password? Email for username What is 0 + 2? Email for new password What is 0 + 2? Home » Financial Advisor » FA Online » Goldman, Citi Beat Estimates As Bond Trading Buoys Wall Street January 27, 2017 Subscribe Free Current Issue Past Issues CONFERENCE NEWS Inside ETFs Conference 2017 Schwab IMPACT 2016 Inside Alternatives Conference 2016 Invest In Women 2016 Inside Retirement 2016 TD Ameritrade 2016 Inside ETFs Conference 2016 Smart Beta Conference 2016 Morningstar Conference 2016 ADVISOR SERVICES Broker-Dealers Custodians/Fee Only Social Media Technology ADVICE 401(k) Plans Annuities Benefits Business Transitions Charitable Giving DOL/Compliance/Fraud Economy Education/529 Estate Planning Health Care Insurance Practice Management Retirement Income Retirement Planning Social Security Tax Planning Variable Annuities Women and Planning INVESTING Alternative Investments Analysis Commodities ETFs Fixed Income Green International Mutual Funds Real Estate/REITs Smart Beta U.S. Equity RESEARCH 10 Young Advisors To Watch Market and Economic Outlook Whitepapers B/D Survey Ranking RIA Ranking MORE SERVICES B/D Profiles 2016 B/D Recruiting Special Section Fixed-Income Supplement Liquid Alts Special Section Technology Special Section Women In The Profession B/D Recruitment Center Industry Partnerships « Previous Article | Next Article » Print | Reprint | Share Goldman, Citi Beat Estimates As Bond Trading Buoys Wall Street January 18, 2017 • Dakin Campbell Loading Other Articles... Goldman Sachs Group Inc. and Citigroup Inc. both reported fourth-quarter profit that surpassed analysts’ estimates as a bond-trading revival spurred by Donald Trump’s surprise victory lifted earnings across Wall Street. The two firms were the last of the major U.S. banks to report results, with JPMorgan Chase & Co., Morgan Stanley and Bank of America Corp. all posting gains as investors placed bets on the direction of interest rates and the economy after the November U.S. election. Citigroup’s profit rose 7.1 percent on a 36 percent jump in fixed-income revenue, while earnings at New York-based Goldman Sachs more than tripled, with bond trading up 78 percent. Citigroup Chief Executive Officer Michael Corbat and Goldman Sachs CEO Lloyd Blankfein have been cutting costs and restructuring management to adjust to stricter capital requirements and a revenue downturn since the financial crisis. Goldman Sachs’s 2016 revenue was the lowest in five years, though investors and analysts are speculating the firm’s trading operations could be one of the biggest beneficiaries of Trump’s policies. Goldman Sachs was the biggest gainer in the Dow Jones Industrial Average since the Nov. 8 election, surging 30 percent through Tuesday, and the KBW Bank Index of 24 U.S. lenders advanced 20 percent. Goldman Sachs fell 0.8 percent to $233.88 at 9:34 a.m. in New York, while Citigroup dropped 1.6 percent to $57.45. Fourth-quarter net income at Goldman Sachs rose to $2.35 billion from $765 million a year earlier. Earnings at New York-based Citigroup climbed to $3.57 billion from $3.34 billion. Citigroup’s revenue from handling bonds, currencies and commodities was $3.01 billion in the quarter, excluding an accounting adjustment from that period. That was the highest since before the financial crisis, according to data compiled by Bloomberg, and better than the $2.83 billion estimated by analysts. Goldman Sachs’s fixed-income revenue climbed to $2 billion, exceeding the $1.59 billion estimate. Citigroup Chief Financial Officer John Gerspach said on a conference call that “good client activity” continued into the first weeks of January. In equity trading, Citigroup’s revenue rose 15 percent to $694 million, while Goldman Sachs’s fell 9.2 percent to $1.59 billion. This article was provided by Bloomberg News. To read more stories , click here Loading Other Articles... « Previous Article | Next Article » 0 Comments Login in order to post a comment Quick Poll Should Medicare be converted to a voucher system to save the U.S. money? Yes No Unsure View Results Home Login About Us Media Kit FTP Site Subscriptions Reprints Contact Us Sitemap Privacy Policy | Terms and Conditions | ©2017 Charter Financial Publishing Network Inc. All rights reserved.
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy   Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Rolls-Royce Holding PLC - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Rolls-Royce Holding PLC with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News National Asset Management Inc. Has $607,000 Stake in American Water Works (AWK) Panagora Asset Management Inc. Boosts Position in eBay Inc. (EBAY) Panagora Asset Management Inc. Buys 989,883 Shares of Baxter International Inc. (BAX) Panagora Asset Management Inc. Has $49,920,000 Position in Western Alliance Bancorporation (WAL) Eli Lilly and Company (LLY) Position Lowered by Capital International Sarl Goldman Sachs Group, Inc. (The) (GS) Position Reduced by Capital International Sarl Capital International Sarl Maintains Position in Canadian National Railway Company (CNI) Capital International Sarl Maintains Position in Cognizant Technology Solutions Corp (CTSH) Fuller & Thaler Asset Management Inc. Acquires 2,304,519 Shares of Verifone Systems, Inc. (PAY) Blackstone Group L.P. Invests $13,851,000 in Take-Two Interactive Software, Inc. (TTWO) TPG Group Holdings SBS Advisors Inc. Cuts Position in Continental Building Products, Inc. (CBPX) TPG Group Holdings SBS Advisors Inc. Sells 3,273 Shares of LinkedIn Corp (LNKD) National Asset Management Inc. Has $858,000 Position in Medtronic PLC (MDT) E.W. Scripps Company (The) (SSP) Shares Bought by Blackstone Group L.P. Blackstone Group L.P. Maintains Stake in NantHealth Inc (NH) Fuller & Thaler Asset Management Inc. Has $59,582,000 Stake in Cabot Corporation (CBT) Fuller & Thaler Asset Management Inc. Sells 9,719 Shares of MTS Systems Corporation (MTSC) Fuller & Thaler Asset Management Inc. Sells 494,508 Shares of El Paso Electric Company (EE) Fuller & Thaler Asset Management Inc. Decreases Position in Brink’s Company (The) (BCO) Cheniere Energy Partners LP Holdings LLC (CQH) Position Cut by Blackstone Group L.P. Liberum Capital Reaffirms “Hold” Rating for Rolls-Royce Holding PLC (RR) January 18th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Latisha Jones Filed Under: Finance Tweet Rolls-Royce Holding PLC (LON:RR)‘s stock had its “hold” rating reaffirmed by research analysts at Liberum Capital in a research note issued to investors on Tuesday. They presently have a GBX 670 ($8.08) target price on the stock, up from their prior target price of GBX 560 ($6.76). Liberum Capital’s price objective would suggest a potential downside of 4.63% from the stock’s previous close. Several other research firms also recently issued reports on RR. Goldman Sachs Group Inc. reiterated a “neutral” rating and set a GBX 743 ($8.96) price objective on shares of Rolls-Royce Holding PLC in a research note on Wednesday, December 7th. Panmure Gordon reiterated a “sell” rating and set a GBX 500 ($6.03) price objective on shares of Rolls-Royce Holding PLC in a research note on Tuesday, September 20th. Natixis decreased their price objective on shares of Rolls-Royce Holding PLC from GBX 770 ($9.29) to GBX 700 ($8.44) and set a “neutral” rating for the company in a research note on Thursday, November 17th. Barclays PLC reiterated an “underweight” rating and set a GBX 480 ($5.79) price objective on shares of Rolls-Royce Holding PLC in a research note on Tuesday, November 8th. Finally, JPMorgan Chase & Co. decreased their price objective on shares of Rolls-Royce Holding PLC from GBX 890 ($10.74) to GBX 730 ($8.81) and set a “neutral” rating for the company in a research note on Thursday, January 5th. Nine investment analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, ten have assigned a hold rating and two have issued a buy rating to the company. The company presently has a consensus rating of “Hold” and a consensus target price of GBX 629.30 ($7.59). Rolls-Royce Holding PLC (LON:RR) opened at 696.00 on Tuesday. The stock’s market capitalization is GBX 12.75 billion. Rolls-Royce Holding PLC has a 52-week low of GBX 497.00 and a 52-week high of GBX 875.50. The company has a 50 day moving average of GBX 672.15 and a 200-day moving average of GBX 725.32. WARNING: This article was originally posted by Daily Political and is the propert of of Daily Political. If you are accessing this article on another publication, it was illegally stolen and reposted in violation of US and international copyright & trademark law. The legal version of this article can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/01/18/rolls-royce-holding-plc-rr-receives-hold-rating-from-liberum-capital.html. In other news, insider Frank Chapman purchased 613 shares of the stock in a transaction dated Monday, January 9th. The stock was acquired at an average price of GBX 646 ($7.79) per share, for a total transaction of £3,959.98 ($4,777.39). Insiders have bought 681 shares of company stock valued at $443,723 in the last 90 days. About Rolls-Royce Holding PLC Rolls-Royce Holdings plc is a provider of an integrated power and propulsion solutions. The Company operates through two divisions: Aerospace, which includes civil and defense businesses, and Land & Sea, which includes power systems, marine and nuclear businesses. Its civil aerospace business is engaged in the development, manufacture, marketing and sales of commercial aero engines and aftermarket services. Receive News & Ratings for Rolls-Royce Holding PLC Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Rolls-Royce Holding PLC and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Trump’s Labor Secretary Choice Outsourced Jobs President Trump Agenda: Border Wall and Sanctuary Cities White House Says President Trump Will Not Release His Tax Returns Protesters Plan Big Disruptions for Trump Inauguration Summer Zervos Filing Defamation Suit Against Donald Trump © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy   Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance AveXis Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for AveXis Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News La-Z-Boy Incorporated (LZB) Shares Sold by Columbia Asset Management Winslow Capital Management LLC Lowers Position in Crown Castle International Corporation (CCI) Winslow Capital Management LLC Takes Position in Micron Technology, Inc. (MU) Winslow Capital Management LLC Has $139,825,000 Position in lululemon athletica inc. (LULU) Coronation Fund Managers Ltd. Takes Position in Perrigo Company (PRGO) Infosys Limited (INFY) Stake Held by Coronation Fund Managers Ltd. Coronation Fund Managers Ltd. Maintains Position in Banco Bradesco SA (BBD) Apache Corporation (APA) Stake Reduced by Schaper Benz & Wise Investment Counsel Inc. WI Electronic Arts Inc. (EA) Shares Bought by South Texas Money Management Ltd. 144,400 Shares in Hasbro, Inc. (HAS) Acquired by South Texas Money Management Ltd. Deutsche Bank AG Raises CNO Financial Group, Inc. (CNO) Price Target to $19.00 GrubHub Inc (GRUB) Research Coverage Started at Craig Hallum Amdocs Limited (DOX) Stake Raised by Aperio Group LLC Aperio Group LLC Has $62,932,000 Position in Toyota Motor Corp Ltd Ord (TM) Aperio Group LLC Increases Position in Toronto Dominion Bank (The) (TD) Balasa Dinverno & Foltz LLC Boosts Stake in Assured Guaranty Ltd. (AGO) Balasa Dinverno & Foltz LLC Sells 32 Shares of Edwards Lifesciences Corporation (EW) Balasa Dinverno & Foltz LLC Buys 1,692 Shares of Exelon Corporation (EXC) Schaper Benz & Wise Investment Counsel Inc. WI Boosts Position in Compass Minerals International, Inc. (CMP) Markston International LLC Has $603,000 Position in Mallinckrodt PLC (MNK) AveXis, Inc. (AVXS) Cut to “Sell” at Zacks Investment Research January 18th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Trevor Kearing Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Finance Tweet Zacks Investment Research lowered shares of AveXis, Inc. (NASDAQ:AVXS) from a hold rating to a sell rating in a research note published on Friday morning. According to Zacks, “AveXis, Inc. is a gene therapy company which develops and commercializes treatments for neurological genetic diseases primarily in United States. The Company’s product candidate consists of AVXS-101 which is in clinical trial for the treatment of spinal muscular atrophy Type 1, the genetic cause of infant mortality. AveXis, Inc. is headquartered in Bannockburn, Illinois. “ Several other analysts have also recently commented on the stock. BMO Capital Markets reaffirmed an outperform rating and issued a $78.33 target price (down from $85.00) on shares of AveXis in a research note on Thursday, December 29th. Chardan Capital set a $85.00 target price on shares of AveXis and gave the stock a buy rating in a research note on Sunday, December 25th. Jefferies Group reaffirmed a buy rating and issued a $79.00 target price (up from $71.00) on shares of AveXis in a research note on Monday, November 14th. Stifel Nicolaus assumed coverage on shares of AveXis in a research note on Monday, November 14th. They issued a hold rating and a $65.00 target price for the company. Finally, Bank of America Corporation assumed coverage on shares of AveXis in a research note on Friday, October 21st. They issued a buy rating for the company. One research analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, one has assigned a hold rating and six have given a buy rating to the stock. The company presently has a consensus rating of Buy and an average price target of $67.72. Shares of AveXis (NASDAQ:AVXS) opened at 52.51 on Friday. The stock has a 50 day moving average price of $52.47 and a 200 day moving average price of $46.22. The firm’s market capitalization is $1.45 billion. AveXis has a 52 week low of $16.11 and a 52 week high of $72.72. AveXis (NASDAQ:AVXS) last released its earnings results on Thursday, November 10th. The company reported ($0.87) EPS for the quarter, missing the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of ($0.69) by $0.18. Equities analysts forecast that AveXis will post ($3.51) earnings per share for the current fiscal year. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY WARNING: This story was published by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are accessing this story on another website, it was stolen and republished in violation of U.S. and international copyright & trademark legislation. The legal version of this story can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/01/18/avexis-inc-avxs-cut-to-sell-at-zacks-investment-research.html. Several hedge funds have recently made changes to their positions in the stock. California State Teachers Retirement System raised its position in AveXis by 1.0% in the third quarter. California State Teachers Retirement System now owns 10,238 shares of the company’s stock valued at $422,000 after buying an additional 100 shares during the last quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. raised its position in AveXis by 7.1% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 37,150 shares of the company’s stock valued at $1,531,000 after buying an additional 2,475 shares during the last quarter. BlackRock Investment Management LLC raised its position in AveXis by 8.3% in the second quarter. BlackRock Investment Management LLC now owns 33,303 shares of the company’s stock valued at $1,266,000 after buying an additional 2,553 shares during the last quarter. American International Group Inc. acquired a new position in AveXis during the second quarter valued at $106,000. Finally, RTW Investments LLC raised its position in AveXis by 0.6% in the second quarter. RTW Investments LLC now owns 476,367 shares of the company’s stock valued at $18,111,000 after buying an additional 2,993 shares during the last quarter. 68.23% of the stock is owned by institutional investors. About AveXis AveXis, Inc, formerly Biolife Cell Bank, Inc, is a clinical-stage gene therapy company. The Company operates through developing and commercializing gene therapy treatments for patients suffering from neurological genetic diseases segment. The Company’s product candidate, AVXS-101, is its gene therapy product candidate that is in a Phase I clinical trial for the treatment of spinal muscular atrophy (SMA) Type 1, which is a genetic disorder characterized by motor neuron loss and associated muscle deterioration. Get a free copy of the Zacks research report on AveXis (AVXS) For more information about research offerings from Zacks Investment Research, visit Zacks.com Receive News & Ratings for AveXis Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for AveXis Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Trump Agenda: Border Wall and Sanctuary Cities White House Says President Trump Will Not Release His Tax Returns Protesters Plan Big Disruptions for Trump Inauguration Summer Zervos Filing Defamation Suit Against Donald Trump Trump Says EU Dissolution Was Caused by Refugees © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact US Privacy Policy Staff Daily Email Updates Headlines Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Investing GCP Applied Technologies Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for GCP Applied Technologies Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Recent Posts National Asset Management Inc. Sells 2 Shares of Apple Hospitality REIT, Inc. (APLE) Bemis Company, Inc. (BMS) Shares Bought by National Asset Management Inc. Panagora Asset Management Inc. Reduces Stake in Everest Re Group, Ltd. (RE) Panagora Asset Management Inc. Buys 12,475 Shares of Reliance Steel & Aluminum Co. (RS) Panagora Asset Management Inc. Acquires 186,494 Shares of American Express Company (AXP) CBS Corporation (CBS) Position Increased by Capital International Sarl Fuller & Thaler Asset Management Inc. Lowers Position in ADTRAN, Inc. (ADTN) Energizer Holdings, Inc. (ENR) Stake Lowered by Fuller & Thaler Asset Management Inc. TPG Group Holdings SBS Advisors Inc. Sells 716,539 Shares of Verint Systems Inc. (VRNT) Blackstone Group L.P. Invests $9,189,000 in Brunswick Corporation (BC) Gamestop Corporation (GME) Stake Cut by National Asset Management Inc. Blackstone Group L.P. Sells 11,441 Shares of W.R. Grace & Co. (GRA) Fuller & Thaler Asset Management Inc. Has $52,380,000 Position in Artisan Partners Asset Management Inc. (APAM) Highbridge Capital Management LLC Boosts Stake in United Therapeutics Corporation (UTHR) Coca-Cola European Partners PLC (CCE) Shares Sold by Highbridge Capital Management LLC Highbridge Capital Management LLC Sells 45,230 Shares of DISH Network Corporation (DISH) Highbridge Capital Management LLC Boosts Stake in Brink’s Company (The) (BCO) Moors & Cabot Inc. Sells 2,391 Shares of Mplx Lp (MPLX) General Mills, Inc. (GIS) Shares Bought by Moors & Cabot Inc. Moors & Cabot Inc. Has $1,034,000 Stake in National Oilwell Varco, Inc. (NOV) GCP Applied Technologies Inc. (GCP) Lowered to “Hold” at Zacks Investment Research Posted by Tony Sherman on Jan 18th, 2017 // No Comments Tweet Zacks Investment Research lowered shares of GCP Applied Technologies Inc. (NYSE:GCP) from a buy rating to a hold rating in a report issued on Tuesday. According to Zacks, “GCP Applied Technologies Inc. offer specialty construction chemicals and building materials as well as packaging technologies. GCP Applied Technologies Inc. is headquatered Cambridge, Massachusetts. “ Separately, Jefferies Group restated a buy rating and set a $33.00 price target on shares of GCP Applied Technologies in a research note on Wednesday, November 16th. Three analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and three have issued a buy rating to the company’s stock. The stock presently has an average rating of Buy and an average target price of $25.67. GCP Applied Technologies (NYSE:GCP) remained flat at $25.85 during trading on Tuesday. The stock had a trading volume of 29,529 shares. The firm has a 50 day moving average price of $27.26 and a 200 day moving average price of $27.35. GCP Applied Technologies has a one year low of $14.47 and a one year high of $30.12. The firm has a market capitalization of $1.84 billion and a PE ratio of 23.91. GCP Applied Technologies (NYSE:GCP) last announced its quarterly earnings results on Wednesday, November 9th. The company reported $0.35 EPS for the quarter, missing the Zacks’ consensus estimate of $0.41 by $0.06. The business had revenue of $342.50 million for the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $362.50 million. GCP Applied Technologies had a net margin of 5.61% and a return on equity of 1,424.27%. Equities analysts anticipate that GCP Applied Technologies will post $1.41 EPS for the current year. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION NOTICE: This story was originally published by Web Breaking News and is the sole property of of Web Breaking News. If you are reading this story on another website, it was illegally stolen and reposted in violation of U.S. & international copyright law. The original version of this story can be viewed at http://www.webbreakingnews.com/2017/01/18/gcp-applied-technologies-inc-gcp-lowered-to-hold-at-zacks-investment-research.html. In other news, President Gregory E. Poling sold 53,950 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction on Wednesday, January 4th. The shares were sold at an average price of $26.71, for a total value of $1,441,004.50. Following the completion of the sale, the president now owns 40,280 shares in the company, valued at approximately $1,075,878.80. The transaction was disclosed in a document filed with the SEC, which is accessible through this hyperlink. Several hedge funds have recently bought and sold shares of the company. JPMorgan Chase & Co. raised its stake in GCP Applied Technologies by 295.3% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 1,394,212 shares of the company’s stock valued at $39,484,000 after buying an additional 1,041,494 shares during the last quarter. York Capital Management Global Advisors LLC bought a new position in shares of GCP Applied Technologies during the third quarter worth $23,833,000. Victory Capital Management Inc. increased its position in shares of GCP Applied Technologies by 95.0% in the third quarter. Victory Capital Management Inc. now owns 1,583,108 shares of the company’s stock worth $44,833,000 after buying an additional 771,129 shares during the period. Adage Capital Partners GP L.L.C. increased its position in shares of GCP Applied Technologies by 14.6% in the second quarter. Adage Capital Partners GP L.L.C. now owns 3,804,896 shares of the company’s stock worth $99,079,000 after buying an additional 485,079 shares during the period. Finally, Numeric Investors LLC increased its position in shares of GCP Applied Technologies by 249.0% in the second quarter. Numeric Investors LLC now owns 510,997 shares of the company’s stock worth $13,306,000 after buying an additional 364,564 shares during the period. Hedge funds and other institutional investors own 82.77% of the company’s stock. GCP Applied Technologies Company Profile GCP Applied Technologies Inc (GCP) is engaged in the production and sale of specialty construction chemicals, specialty building materials, and packaging sealants and coatings. The Company operates through three segments: Specialty Construction Chemicals (SCC), Specialty Building Materials (SBM) and Darex Packaging Technologies (Darex). Get a free copy of the Zacks research report on GCP Applied Technologies (GCP) For more information about research offerings from Zacks Investment Research, visit Zacks.com Receive News & Ratings for GCP Applied Technologies Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for GCP Applied Technologies Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter. « Previous Alphabet’s (GOOG) Buy Rating Reiterated at Jefferies Group Next » RPC, Inc. (RES) Upgraded to Buy at Nomura Latest News Nike Suspends Relationship with Maria Sharapova Rob Bironas Ex-Titans Kicker Dies in Car Crash Ron Washington Leaves Texas Rangers Due to an Affair Jonathan Dwyer Falls in Line with Other Banned NFL Players Tony Stewart Case Going to the Grand Jury Oscar Pistorius “Blade Runner” Found Not Guilty of Murder Leave a Reply Click here to cancel reply. Name (Required) Mail (will not be published) (Required) Website   Home Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Headlines Investing © 2006-2017 Web Breaking News.
Latest News Dow 20,094 -7.13 -0.04% Nasdaq 5,661 +5.61 +0.10% S&P 500 2,295 -1.99 -0.09% 9:58 P.M. ET Corporate insiders have a stock market surprise for you 6:43 P.M. ET Trump signs executive actions at Pentagon on immigrants and military 6:40 P.M. ET Potential Amazon partnership exciting for PayPal, analysts say 6:16 P.M. ET Updated The next anchor at your mall could be a food hall 6:08 P.M. ET Updated This is what $20 million hidden under a mattress looks like 6:08 P.M. ET How the Dow gives active fund management a good name 6:06 P.M. ET Updated Looking to get a mortgage in 2017? Here’s what you need to know 6:06 P.M. ET Updated Mexican billionaire Carlos Slim: ‘The best wall is opportunities, growth and employment in Mexico’ 5:43 P.M. ET Super Bowl Ad: Mr. Clean 5:38 P.M. ET Updated These are the largest employers in the U.S. — state by state 5:30 P.M. ET Updated Washington Post op-ed writer: ‘Look, I don’t need Steve Bannon’s permission to do my job’ 5:00 P.M. ET Why a Trump trade war is a danger to the S&P 500 4:37 P.M. ET Super Bowl Ad: Intel 4:36 P.M. ET Updated Dow ends landmark week with a whimper 4:35 P.M. ET Gorbachev: ‘The current situation is too dangerous’ 4:35 P.M. ET Lowe's board OKs $5 billion share buyback program 4:34 P.M. ET Super Bowl Ad: Skittles 4:29 P.M. ET Updated Will you have to pay for your parents’ retirement? 4:27 P.M. ET Updated 35 is the new 20: All four Australian Open finalists are over 30 years old 4:25 P.M. ET Updated Chili’s menu may not be as well-suited to takeout as Olive Garden’s, analysts say Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement Retire Here, Not There Encore Taxes How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate Location Scouts realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Home Industries Banking The Wall Street Journal Get email alerts The Wall Street Journal J.P. Morgan to pay $55 million to settle allegations it discriminated against minorities By Emily Glazer and Austen Hufford Published: Jan 18, 2017 10:14 a.m. ET Share Complaint alleges bank charged African-American and Hispanic borrowers more than white borrowers Getty Images By EmilyGlazer AustenHufford J.P. Morgan Chase & Co. will settle with U.S. Attorney Preet Bharara for $55 million over allegations that independent brokers doing business with the bank discriminated against minority mortgage seekers, a person familiar with the matter said. The settlement is related to a complaint Bharara filed Wednesday alleging that J.P. Morgan Chase Bank JPM, +0.21%  charged African-American and Hispanic borrowers higher rates than white borrowers from 2006 to 2009, in violation of the Fair Housing Act. A J.P. Morgan spokeswoman said the bank agreed to settle “these legacy allegations that relate to pricing set by independent brokers.” She added that the bank denies any wrongdoing and is committed to providing equal access to credit. According to the complaint, until late 2009, the bank used a network of contracted mortgage brokers to bring in loan applications and that these “wholesale” loans charged discriminatory rates. An expanded version of this report appears at WSJ.com. Popular now on WSJ.com: Donald Trump Warns on House Republican Tax Plan Former Sara Lee CEO Brenda Barnes Dies at 63 More from MarketWatch Workplace Humor Doesn't Always Make You Look Smart Trump Administration's Strained Relationship With Media Continues Sean Spicer on Crowd Size for Trump Inaugural Quote References JPM +0.18 +0.21% Most Popular Two things are happening in the U.S. stock market for the first time since 1900 Looking to get a mortgage in 2017? Here’s what you need to know Trump calls U.S.-Mexico trade one-sided — and here’s the reality These are the largest employers in the U.S. — state by state This is what $20 million hidden under a mattress looks like MarketWatch Partner Center We Want to Hear from You Join the conversation Comment Luxury Real Estate Ivanka Trump, Jared Kushner reportedly buy $5.6 million house in D.C. View More Barron's Next Why a deal for Kate Spade looks almost inevitable View More Real Estate The surprising cities where you’ll find America’s newest and oldest homes View More SectorWatch Here's what Trump means for health care View More Sponsored Headlines MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News Online WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2017 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. Intraday data delayed per exchange requirements. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real time last sale data provided by NASDAQ. More information on NASDAQ traded symbols and their current financial status. Intraday data delayed 15 minutes for Nasdaq, and 20 minutes for other exchanges. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. SEHK intraday data is provided by SIX Financial Information and is at least 60-minutes delayed. All quotes are in local exchange time. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found JPMorgan Chase & Co. U.S.: NYSE: JPM $86.93 +0.18 (+0.21%) Volume 12.3M Open $86.66 High $86.98 Low $86.27 P/E Ratio 14.04 Div Yield 2.21 Market Cap 310.4B LatestNews
Bloomberg the Company & Its ProductsBloomberg Anywhere Remote LoginBloomberg Anywhere LoginBloomberg Terminal Demo Request Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Philanthropy & Engagement Bloomberg London Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Philanthropy & Engagement Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Bloomberg London Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Advertising Bloomberg Media Distribution Bloomberg Live Conferences Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center MENU Homepage Markets Stocks Currencies Commodities Rates + Bonds Economics Magazine Benchmark Watchlist Economic Calendar Tech U.S. Global Startups Cybersecurity Digital Media Bloomberg Technology TV Hello World Studio 1.0 Pursuits Cars & Bikes Style & Grooming Spend Watches & Gadgets Food & Drinks Travel Real Estate Art & Design Politics With All Due Respect Global Risk Briefing How We’ll Know if Trump Is Making America Great Again Tracking Trump’s Web of Conflicts The Inauguration of Donald J. Trump On the March in Trump’s Capital Opinion View Gadfly Businessweek Subscribe Cover Stories Opening Remarks Etc Features 85th Anniversary Issue Behind The Cover More Science + Energy Graphics Game Plan Small Business Personal Finance Inspire GO The David Rubenstein Show Sponsored Content Bloomberg About The Company Sign In Sign In Subscribe Goldman, Citi Beat Estimates as Trading Buoys Wall Street by Dakin Campbell @dakincampbell More stories by Dakin Campbell January 18, 2017, 9:50 AM EST January 18, 2017, 11:27 AM EST Banks follow JPMorgan, BofA, Morgan Stanley in bond rebound Blankfein, Corbat continue push to reduce firmwide expenses Goldman Sachs 4Q Earnings Beat on Bond-Trading Surge Goldman Sachs Group Inc. and Citigroup Inc. both reported fourth-quarter profit that surpassed analysts’ estimates as a bond-trading revival spurred by Donald Trump’s surprise victory lifted earnings across Wall Street. The two firms were the last of the major U.S. banks to report results, with JPMorgan Chase & Co., Morgan Stanley and Bank of America Corp. all posting gains as investors placed bets on the direction of interest rates and the economy after the November U.S. election. Citigroup’s profit rose 7.1 percent on a 36 percent jump in fixed-income revenue, while earnings at New York-based Goldman Sachs more than tripled, with bond trading up 78 percent. Citigroup Chief Executive Officer Michael Corbat and Goldman Sachs CEO Lloyd Blankfein have been cutting costs and restructuring management to adjust to stricter capital requirements and a revenue downturn since the financial crisis. Goldman Sachs’s 2016 revenue was the lowest in five years, though investors and analysts are speculating the firm’s trading operations could be one of the biggest beneficiaries of Trump’s policies. “The benefits from higher interest rates, accelerating capital deployment and historically low credit costs have been evident throughout the large-cap U.S. bank earnings releases,” Marty Mosby, an analyst at Vining-Sparks IBG, said in a note. “The fundamental story remains intact.” Goldman Sachs was the biggest gainer in the Dow Jones Industrial Average since the Nov. 8 election, surging 30 percent through Tuesday, and the KBW Bank Index of 24 U.S. lenders advanced 20 percent. Goldman Sachs fell 0.5 percent to $234.53 at 11:20 a.m. in New York, while Citigroup dropped 1.4 percent to $57.55. Fourth-quarter net income at Goldman Sachs rose to $2.35 billion from $765 million a year earlier. Earnings at New York-based Citigroup climbed to $3.57 billion from $3.34 billion. Read more: Goldman Sachs’s earnings get boost from bonds The most important business stories of the day. Get Bloomberg's daily newsletter. Sign Up Politics The latest political news, analysis, charts, and dispatches from Washington. You will now receive the Politics newsletter Markets The most important market news of the day. So you can sleep an extra five minutes. You will now receive the Markets newsletter Technology Insights into what you'll be paying for, downloading and plugging in tomorrow and 10 years from now. You will now receive the Technology newsletter Pursuits What to eat, drink, wear and drive – in real life and your dreams. You will now receive the Pursuits newsletter Game Plan The school, work and life hacks you need to get ahead. You will now receive the Game Plan newsletter Citigroup’s revenue from handling bonds, currencies and commodities was $3.01 billion in the quarter, excluding an accounting adjustment from that period. That was the highest since before the financial crisis, according to data compiled by Bloomberg, and better than the $2.83 billion estimated by analysts. Goldman Sachs’s fixed-income revenue climbed to $2 billion, exceeding the $1.59 billion estimate. Citigroup Chief Financial Officer John Gerspach said on a conference call that “good client activity” continued into the first weeks of January. In equity trading, Citigroup’s revenue rose 15 percent to $694 million, while Goldman Sachs’s fell 9.2 percent to $1.59 billion. Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal. LEARN MORE Trending Now Trump Warms to House Republicans’ Proposed Border-Adjusted Tax Trump Greets U.K.'s May as World Leaders Look For Cues China’s Army of Global Homebuyers Is Suddenly Short on Cash Dutch Regulator Accidentally Posts Soros’s Short Positions Scaramucci Scores Millions From Buyer With Mystery Investors Terms of Service Trademarks Privacy Policy ©2017 Bloomberg L.P. All Rights Reserved Careers Made in NYC Advertise Ad Choices Website Feedback Help
Home Mail Flickr Tumblr News Sports Finance Celebrity Answers Groups Mobile More Yahoo Search Search Skip to Navigation Skip to Main Content Skip to Related Content 0 Mail News Home Follow Us US World Politics Tech Science Odd News ABC News Yahoo Originals Katie Couric Matt Bai The shakiest Cabinet pick on Trump’s economic team Rick Newman Columnist Yahoo FinanceJanuary 18, 2017 Reblog Share Tweet Pin it Share If you’re seeking a guide to confirmation fireworks for Donald Trump’s economic team, you can probably skip the upcoming Senate hearing for Wilbur Ross, Trump’s pick for Commerce Secretary. But tune in to the hearings for Trump’s Treasury nominee, Steve Mnuchin, set to begin this Thursday at 10 a.m. Mnuchin is a Wall Street power broker who spent years at investment bank Goldman Sachs, before starting a hedge fund that invested in Hollywood film production, among other things. But that’s not what his critics will focus on. Instead, they’ll highlight Mnuchin’s role as the owner of a controversial California bank that foreclosed on thousands of customers’ homes after the federal government helped the bank survive. Mnuchin led a group of wealthy investors who bought the bank IndyMac after it declared bankruptcy in the summer of 2008. During the housing boom, IndyMac specialized in so-called Alt-A loans issued to borrowers who may have had decent credit but couldn’t document their income in conventional ways. As the housing bust intensified and bad loans piled up, IndyMac suffered a full-blown bank run and was taken over by the FDIC. By then, several other sizable lenders had failed and been taken over by giant banks such as J.P. Morgan Chase and Bank of America. With the financial crisis worsening, none of the industry titans wanted to gamble on IndyMac. Mnuchin’s group bought IndyMac in early 2009, for $1.55 billion, with some help from the FDIC, which agreed to bear the cost of some of the bad loans on the bank’s books. Since IndyMac had become notorious by then, Mnuchin changed the name to OneWest, in attempt to start over with consumers. But it couldn’t completely start over because OneWest still held thousands of troubled loans it had to deal with. Questionable practices at OneWest During the next six years, OneWest foreclosed on 36,000 homes, according to a nonprofit called the California Reinvestment Coalition (CRC), which tracked the bank’s activities. Foreclosures spiked just about everywhere during the years following the financial crisis, and banks are usually within their rights to claim collateral on mortgages borrowers can’t pay. OneWest was somewhat different, because it got favorable terms the FDIC in exchange for pledging to be lenient with distressed borrowers. Fair-housing advocates claim OneWest didn’t live up to its end of the bargain, and targeted minority neighborhoods. It gets murkier. The California attorney general investigated OneWest and found evidence of “widespread misconduct” in its foreclosure practices, according to a memo written in 2013 and obtained recently by The Intercept. But the California AG, Democrat Kamala Harris, never pressed charges, for reasons that are unclear. Harris won election to the US Senate in November and will vote on Mnuchin’s nomination as Treasury Secretary. Mnuchin’s group sold OneWest to CIT in 2015, for $3.4 billion — an enviable 219% markup on what they paid. That didn’t make Mnuchin a billionaire, like Trump and Ross, but his net worth is probably in the mid-nine digits — still far richer than most Cabinet secretaries, ever. There have been no formal charges of wrongdoing against Mnuchin. But OneWest’s foreclosures were intensely controversial in California while Mnuchin ran the bank. Protesters briefly seized the lobby of the bank’s headquarters in Pasadena one day in 2011, and shortly after that about 100 OneWest critics showed up at Mnuchin’s $26 million Bel Air mansion to air their grievances. Mnuchin later told Bloomberg, “It was terrible. Something I never want to experience again.” Mnuchin’s Senate critics will no doubt remind him of the California foreclosures. The most strident Trump critic in the Senate, Elizabeth Warren, doesn’t sit on the Finance Committee that will hold the Mnuchin hearing. But ranking Democrat Ron Wyden of Oregon has promised a tough interrogation, and Democrats are sure to hit Mnuchin with as much dirt as they’re able to dig up, even if none of it suggests criminal activity. Ross will probably have a much easier time. He’s been characterized as a “vulture investor” who found ways to profit by buying the remnants of downtrodden industrial companies and packing them in a way that added value, which sounds inflammatory. But labor unions also credit Ross with saving jobs and companies that would have disappeared without his involvement. Call it a draw, and not enough of a target to attract heavy Democratic fire. Other Trump economic nominees have sharp and sometimes controversial views on important issues — but without the kind of real-world baggage Mnuchin’s foreclosures represent. Those nominees include restaurant CEO Andy Puzder, Trump’s nominee for Labor Secretary, and Republican Congressman Mick Mulvaney, Trump’s pick to head the Office of Management Budget. If Mnuchin survives, they should be shoo-ins. Rick Newman is the author of four books, including Rebounders: How Winners Pivot from Setback to Success. Follow him on Twitter: @rickjnewman. Reblog Share Tweet Pin it Share What to Read Next Jerry Seinfeld Slammed for ‘Black’s Life Matters’ Tweet 5250 messages7%62%31% Wall Street "Poster Boy" Makes A Big Prediction Banyan HillSponsored Death of Mentally Ill Man in Phoenix Remains a Mystery John Hurt, Oscar-Nominated Star of 'The Elephant Man,' Chest-Burst Victim in 'Alien,' Dies at 77 265 messages #2 of 10 Most Popular News Galleries of 2016: 9/11: Then and now - 15 years later 1024 messages5%57%38% Get a $100 AT&T Visa® Reward Card DIRECTVSponsored March for Life Draws Huge Crowds in Washington 19 messages John Hurt, Oscar-Nominated Star of 'The Elephant Man,' Dies at 77 (Report) 73 messages Trump vows 'new vetting' to weed out Islamic radicals 2364 messages7%70%23% Tip #18: Beware of Annuities Fisher InvestmentsSponsored Police Are Warning Against This Scary New Phone Scam 64 messages0%100%0% #8 of 10 Most Popular News Galleries of 2016: Deadly attack at Istanbul's Ataturk Airport 961 messages9%17%74% British PM Theresa May Visits the White House 8 messages New Trump Coin Breaks Every Sales Record DonaldCoins.comSponsored Kellyanne Conway Throws Shade at Women Who Wear Black Stretch Pants 6987 messages7%60%33% Op-Ed: Why the outrage over Trump’s potential 20% border tax is ridiculous 1534 messages4%73%23% BUFFETT: What I tell people who are anti-immigration rjwerning: Who's talking about anti-immigration?? People are opposed to ILLEGAL immigration, and that we need to get the situation under control. Unrestricted open borders never works out, there needs to be some restrictions and controls for any country to be able to absorb the immigrants. Join the Conversation 1 / 5 1.1k Help Privacy Suggestions About our Ads Terms
Our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy have changed. By continuing to use this site, you are agreeing to the new Privacy Policy and Terms of Service. U.S. + International Business Keystone pipeline: How many jobs it would really create World Access Companies Car News Interactives Trumponomics CNNMoney Sport Player ROI Who is..? The Feed CNNMoney Investigates American Opportunity 5 Stunning Stats Growing India Markets CEO who backs Trump: People must be realistic Investing Economy Buzz Fed Focus ETF Center Premarkets Market Movers Dow 30 After-Hours World Markets America's Debt & the Economy Before the Bell New Investor Investing Guide Fear & Greed Tech Microsoft unveils new, nicer chat bot Business Culture Gadgets Future Startups Powering Your World Agility in Action Upstarts Innovative Cities Unhackable 15 Questions Media Personal Finance This company just started offering 6-week sabbaticals Save Spend Ahead Wheels Real Estate Careers Millennials & Money Your Money Homes Calculators Money Moves 24 Hours With Money Essentials My Watch List Loan Center Small Biz Chicago factory's rare mission: Manufacture eyewear in U.S. Startups Empire Women Entrepreneurs Luxury Glide your way through a Phoenix business trip Style Away Rare Drive Wealth Rich Quiz The Collector A Gentleman's Guide Millionaire Calculator Log In Log Out JPMorgan Chase says it settled mortgage discrimination case with feds by Chris Isidore   @CNNMoney January 18, 2017: 3:14 PM ET Trump tapping top CEOs for advisory group JPMorgan Chase says it has reached a settlement with federal authorities over charges it discriminated against minority home buyers by charging them higher rates. Preet Bharara, U.S. attorney in the Southern District of New York, filed suit Wednesday alleging that the nation's largest bank charged higher mortgage rates and fees to more than 100,000 black and Hispanic home buyers between 2006 and 2009. The loans in question were originated by independent mortgage brokers who were not employed by the bank. Related: Jamie Dimon is hopeful about Donald Trump "In thousands of instances, an African-American borrower with the same credit and risk profile as a white borrower, entering into the same type of Chase...mortgage, paid higher loan rates and larger fees," the suit charges. It says that the same thing happened with Hispanic borrowers. But JPMorgan Chase (JPM) says it did nothing wrong, and the rates were set by the mortgage brokers. "We've agreed to settle these legacy allegations that relate to pricing set by independent brokers," said the bank's statement. "We deny any wrongdoing and remain committed to providing equal access to credit." A person familiar with the settlement said JPMorgan Chase agreed to pay $55 million under terms of the deal. A spokesperson for Bharara was not immediately available for comment. Bharara has been asked to stay on in the Trump administration. JPMorgan Chase CEO Jamie Dimon is one of a group of top business executives tapped to advise Trump once he takes office. CNNMoney (New York) First published January 18, 2017: 9:49 AM ET Social Surge - What's Trending Elizabeth Warren asks why federal Wells Fargo complaint site has vanished Insurers warn: We're outta here with no Obamacare replacement Melania Trump on Vanity Fair Mexico cover at an awkward time Mortgage & Savings Powered by LendingTree Terms & Conditions apply NMLS #1136 CNNMoney Sponsors Partner Offers Paid Partner NextAdvisor Paid Partner A jaw-dropping 40,000 point bonus has arrived 7 outrageous credit cards if you have excellent credit The best credit cards for 2017 10 cards charging 0% interest until 2018 The highest paying cash back card has arrived Contact Us Advertise with Us User Preferences Closed Captioning Content Business Markets Investing Economy Tech Personal Finance Small Business Luxury Media Video Tools Site Map Interactive Job Search Real Estate Search Loan Center Calculators Corrections Market Data Alerts News Alerts Connect My Account Mobile Site & Apps Facebook Twitter LinkedIn YouTube RSS Feeds Newsletters Google+ Most stock quote data provided by BATS. Market indices are shown in real time, except for the DJIA, which is delayed by two minutes. All times are ET. Disclaimer. Morningstar: © 2016 Morningstar, Inc. All Rights Reserved. Factset: FactSet Research Systems Inc. 2016. All rights reserved. Chicago Mercantile Association: Certain market data is the property of Chicago Mercantile Exchange Inc. and its licensors. All rights reserved. Dow Jones: The Dow Jones branded indices are proprietary to and are calculated, distributed and marketed by DJI Opco, a subsidiary of S&P Dow Jones Indices LLC and have been licensed for use to S&P Opco, LLC and CNN. Standard & Poor's and S&P are registered trademarks of Standard & Poor’s Financial Services LLC and Dow Jones is a registered trademark of Dow Jones Trademark Holdings LLC. All content of the Dow Jones branded indices © S&P Dow Jones Indices LLC 2016 and/or its affiliates. © 2016 Cable News Network. A Time Warner Company. All Rights Reserved. Terms under which this service is provided to you. Privacy Policy. .
Edition: Global   One News Page “Probably the fastest-access news portal in the world” HOME WORLD SPORTS POLITICS BUSINESS PEOPLE SCITECH World Americas  • U.S. •  Europe U.K. Asia-Pacific India Australia Africa Middle East One News Page > US > US Sues JPMorgan for Alleged Mortgage Discrimination US Sues JPMorgan for Alleged Mortgage Discrimination Wednesday, 18 January 2017 (1 week ago) The United States on Wednesday sued JPMorgan Chase & Co, accusing the bank of discriminating against minority borrowers by charging them higher rates and fees on home mortgage loans between 2006 and at least 2009. Filed in a Manhattan federal court, the government's complaint accused the bank of violating the U.S. Fair Housing Act and the Equal Credit Opportunity Act by charging thousands of African-American and Hispanic borrowers more for home loans than white borrowers with the... » View on web 0 shares Share on FacebookShare on TwitterPost on  RedditShare by Email   Source: Reuters Studio - 1 week ago< > Embed JPMorgan sued for alleged mortgage discrimination 01:15 The U.S. government sued JPMorgan Chase for discriminating against minority borrowers by charging them higher rates and fees on home mortgage loans. Bobbi Rebell reports. You Might Like Other recent news in US DC’s MARCH FOR LIFE to Highlight Gains by Abortion Opponents CALIFORNIA Dispatchers Save Long Island Woman Attempting Suicide On Facebook Live TRUMP SIGNS ‘New Vetting Measures’ to Guard Against Terror Donald Trump and THERESA MAY hold hands Extra, Extra: $81 Million Ponzi Scheme Involved 'HAMILTON' Tickets, Obviously MELANIA TRUMP Featured on Vanity Fair Mexico Cover, Users Note Odd Timing Ted Malloch: UK-US SPECIAL RELATIONSHIP and US-EU links California Today: California Today: What Might Happen if OBAMACARE Is Repealed Broadway Musical ‘Hamilton’ Coming To South FLORIDA 7 controversial things PRESIDENT TRUMP did in his first week in office Twitter Facebook Page People Donald Trump Melania Trump Barack Obama Vladimir Putin Mark Zuckerberg Current Topics Hamilton Trump Signs Barbara Hale Spotlight 📺 Live TV Movie Reviews Staff Stories Mexico President Pena Nieto: 'We Will NOT Pay For ANY Wall' No Breakfast For The British - McDonald's All-Day Egg McMuffins Are a UK No-Go Trump's Latest Rival Is Half An Onion Sealed In a Bag -- No, Really. The BREXIT SAGA Continues: PM May Needs MP Backing 2017 Oscar Nominations - Our Verdict La La Land Has Already Equalled an Oscar Record MOVIE REVIEW: Hacksaw Ridge Is Harry Potter Set To Take a Leaf Out Of Star Wars' Book? Environmentally friendly: One News Page is hosted on servers powered solely by renewable energy © 2017 One News Page Ltd. All Rights Reserved.  |  About us  |  Disclaimer  |  Press Room  |  Terms & Conditions  |  Privacy Policy  |  Content Accreditation  RSS  |  News for my Website  |  Free news search widget  |  Help  |  Contact us  |  DMCA / Content Removal How are we doing? Send us your feedback  |   LIKE us on Facebook   FOLLOW us on Twitter   FIND us on Google+
X Edition: India Business Business Home Economy Reuters Summits Deals Business Video Company Results & Outlooks Autos Markets Markets Home Indices Stock Quotes India Markets US Markets Currencies Commodities Funds India Budget 2017 Top News India Insight Monsoon Top News Video World World Home South Asia Middle East Special Reports Reuters Investigates World Video Tech Technology Home Science Tech Video Innovation Commentary Commentary Home Expert Zone Breakingviews Breakingviews Home Breakingview Videos Money Money Home Stock Screener Fund Screener Sport & Life Sports Lifestyle Bollywood Entertainment Oddly Enough Health Arts Lifestyle Video Pictures Pictures Home The Wider Image Photographers Focus 360 Video U.S. sues JPMorgan for alleged mortgage discrimination Africa América Latina عربي Argentina Brasil Canada 中国 Deutschland España France India Italia 日本 México РОССИЯ United Kingdom United States Money News | Wed Jan 18, 2017 | 7:41pm IST U.S. sues JPMorgan for alleged mortgage discrimination FILE PHOTO - A JPMorgan Chase & Co logo is seen in New York City, U.S. on January 10, 2017. REUTERS/Stephanie Keith/File Photo By Dena Aubin | NEW YORK NEW YORK The United States on Wednesday sued JPMorgan Chase & Co, accusing the bank of discriminating against minority borrowers by charging them higher rates and fees on home mortgage loans between 2006 and at least 2009. Filed in a Manhattan federal court, the government's complaint accused the bank of violating the U.S. Fair Housing Act and the Equal Credit Opportunity Act by charging thousands of African-American and Hispanic borrowers more for home loans than white borrowers with the same credit profile. JPMorgan Chase and U.S. Attorney Preet Bharara did not immediately respond to requests for comment. The alleged discrimination involved so-called wholesale loans that were made through mortgage brokers the bank used to originate loans, the complaint said. Chase allowed brokers to change rates charged for loans from those initially set based on objective credit-related factors, the complaint said. Chase did not require mortgage brokers to document the reasons for changing rates and failed to address racial discrimination, encouraging it to continue, the complaint said. (Reporting By Dena Aubin; Editing by Bill Trott) Next In Money News Global stocks slip on earnings, data; dollar advances NEW YORK A key index of global equity markets slipped from near record highs on Friday after underwhelming corporate earnings and U.S. economic growth data gave investors reason to pause following the recent sharp rally in equity prices. U.S. dollar continues Trump-related broad uptrend NEW YORK The dollar rose against the yen on Friday, extending a broad trend that has been in place since U.S. President Donald Trump's election in November on expectations of more pro-growth policies to bolster an economy that has improved but sputtered at times. Saudi Aramco's oil reserves confirmed by external audit - sources DUBAI/KHOBAR, Saudi Arabia/LONDON The first independent audit of Saudi Aramco's oil reserves has confirmed the state oil company's own figures, sources familiar with the situation said, ahead of its planned share market listing next year. MORE FROM REUTERS Sponsored Content From Around the Web Promoted by Taboola Trending Stories Budget 2017 India's investors brace for transaction tax hike, less friendly budget Sponsored Topics X Follow Reuters: Follow Us On Twitter Follow Us On Facebook RSS Follow Us On LinkedIn Subscribe: Newsletters | Apps Reuters News Agency | Brand Attribution Guidelines Reuters is the news and media division of Thomson Reuters. Thomson Reuters is the world's largest international multimedia news agency, providing investing news, world news, business news, technology news, headline news, small business news, news alerts, personal finance, stock market, and mutual funds information available on Reuters.com, video, mobile, and interactive television platforms. Learn more about Thomson Reuters products: Eikon Information, analytics and exclusive news on financial markets - delivered in an intuitive desktop and mobile interface Elektron Everything you need to empower your workflow and enhance your enterprise data management World-Check Screen for heightened risk individual and entities globally to help uncover hidden risks in business relationships and human networks Westlaw Build the strongest argument relying on authoritative content, attorney-editor expertise, and industry defining technology ONESOURCE The most comprehensive solution to manage all your complex and ever-expanding tax and compliance needs CHECKPOINT The industry leader for online information for tax, accounting and finance professionals All quotes delayed a minimum of 15 minutes. See here for a complete list of exchanges and delays. Site Feedback Corrections Advertising Guidelines Cookies Terms of Use Privacy Policy
Market Trend Market Trend The Big Picture Stock Market Today IBD's ETF Market Strategy Psychological Market Indicators Stock Lists Stock Lists IBD 50 IBD Big Cap 20 IPO Leaders Stocks Near A Buy Zone Sector Leaders New Highs Global Leaders Your Weekly Review Stock Spotlight Relative Strength at New High Rising Profit Estimates CAN SLIM Select Stocks On The Move Stocks that Funds are Buying Tech Leaders IBD Data Tables Research Stock Research IBD Stock Checkup IBD Charts ETFs & Funds Investing Action Plan The Income Investor ETF Center Earnings Preview Industry Snapshot IBD Industry Themes IBD Stock Analysis Short Selling Futures & Options The New America Swing Trading Bonds Premium Investing Tools Leaderboard Swing Trader eTables Top Rated Stocks Under $10 MarketSmith News NEWS eIBD Best ETFs Technology ETF Leaders Click Tech Blog Best Mutual Funds Economy Retirement Economic Calendar Personal Finance Real Estate Financial Advisor Briefing Special Reports Management Politics Politics Editorials IBD/TIPP Poll Commentary Economic Optimism Index Columnists Policy & Analysis IBD Videos How to Invest Lesson Topics Getting Started with IBD The CAN SLIM Investing System How to Time the Stock Market How to Find and Evaluate Stocks How to Read Stock Charts How to Buy Stocks How to Sell Stocks Swing Trading Educational Resources Investor's Corner IBD Live Workshops IBD Home Study Courses New to IBD IBD Meetups Ask IBD IBD Key Terms Webinars Leaderboard Swing Trader MarketSmith Store News Shopping Cart Your cart is currently empty. Visit the IBD Store to get started. Market Trend Market Trend The Big Picture Stock Market Today IBD's ETF Market Strategy Psychological Market Indicators Stock Lists Stock Lists IBD 50 IBD Big Cap 20 IPO Leaders Stocks Near A Buy Zone Sector Leaders New Highs Global Leaders Your Weekly Review Stock Spotlight Relative Strength at New High Rising Profit Estimates CAN SLIM Select Stocks On The Move Stocks that Funds are Buying Tech Leaders IBD Data Tables Research Stock Research IBD Stock Checkup IBD Charts ETFs & Funds Investing Action Plan The Income Investor ETF Center Earnings Preview Industry Snapshot IBD Industry Themes IBD Stock Analysis Short Selling Futures & Options The New America Swing Trading Bonds Premium Investing Tools Leaderboard Swing Trader eTables Top Rated Stocks Under $10 MarketSmith News NEWS eIBD Best ETFs Technology ETF Leaders Click Tech Blog Best Mutual Funds Economy Retirement Economic Calendar Personal Finance Real Estate Financial Advisor Briefing Special Reports Management Politics Politics Editorials IBD/TIPP Poll Commentary Economic Optimism Index Columnists Policy & Analysis IBD Videos How to Invest Lesson Topics Getting Started with IBD The CAN SLIM Investing System How to Time the Stock Market How to Find and Evaluate Stocks How to Read Stock Charts How to Buy Stocks How to Sell Stocks Swing Trading Educational Resources Investor's Corner IBD Live Workshops IBD Home Study Courses New to IBD IBD Meetups Ask IBD IBD Key Terms Webinars Leaderboard Swing Trader MarketSmith Store Hi MY IBD SIGN OUT My Products My Favorites My Stock Lists Edit Sign In Shopping Cart Hi SIGN OUT My Products My Favorites Edit My Stock Lists SIGN IN REGISTER Keep me signed in Signing in... Can't access my account Need to register? I am a current subscriber and need to register. I am not a current subscriber and want to register for a free membership. Next Not a member? Try 4 weeks of IBD Digital Premium and get instant access to exclusive stock lists, proprietary ratings and actionable stock analysis. Get Started Now! Current subscribers register here. Keep me signed in Signing in... Forgot your password? News Citigroup Trading Revenue Climbs 31% As Profit Beats Estimates Citigroup's Q4 fixed income trading revenue was the highest since before the financial crisis, according to data compiled by Bloomberg. (City of Angels/Shutterstock) BLOOMBERG NEWS 1/18/2017 Reprints Citigroup (C) reported fourth-quarter profit that surpassed analysts' estimates as trading revenue jumped 31%, more than the bank had forecast last month. Net income rose 7.1% to $3.57 billion, or $1.14 a share, from $3.34 billion, or $1.02, a year earlier, the New York-based company said Wednesday in a statement. The average estimate of 25 analysts surveyed by Bloomberg was for adjusted earnings of $1.12 a share. Citigroup follows rivals JPMorgan Chase (JPM) and Morgan Stanley (MS) in posting a jump in revenue from helping clients trade in the months surrounding Donald Trump's surprise election win in November. Chief Executive Officer Michael Corbat, 56, also has been restructuring the firm and whittling costs as he seeks to improve profitability and return more capital to shareholders. FICC Trading The bank's traders handling bonds, currencies and commodities generated $3.01 billion in the quarter, 36% more than a year earlier, excluding an accounting adjustment from that period. Their fourth-quarter revenue was the highest since before the financial crisis, according to data compiled by Bloomberg, and better than the $2.83 billion estimated by analysts. Revenue from equities trading, an area the bank has targeted for an additional $1 billion in annual revenue, rose 15% to $694 million. That was just short of the $708 million estimated by analysts. Combined, trading revenue rose 31% to $3.7 billion. Chief Financial Officer John Gerspach had predicted Dec. 7 that it would rise about 20% in the quarter from a year earlier. Companywide revenue fell 8% to $17 billion, missing analysts' $17.3 billion estimate, as revenue tumbled 79% to $657 million in Citi Holdings, a unit housing operations and assets tagged for disposal. Operating expenses also declined 9%, to $10.1 billion, just below analysts' $10.2 billion estimate. Citi Holdings Citi Holdings still eked out an $87 million profit. Gerspach had said last month that he was expecting a "modest loss" at that unit. The bank has said it will stop breaking out Citi Holdings' results in financial reports this year after its assets — $54 billion at year-end — shrank to become a relatively small part of the company's total balance sheet. U.S. bank stocks surged in the final weeks of 2016 as investors speculated that Trump's policies will lead to higher interest rates, looser regulation and lower taxes. The KBW Bank Index climbed 20% from the Nov. 8 vote through Tuesday, with Citigroup rising 17%. Trump's victory and the Federal Reserve's December interest-rate hike already have burnished Wall Street earnings by spurring clients to reposition stock and bond portfolios and react to currency swings. Trading, merger advice and securities underwriting helped boost revenue in the institutional clients group by 14% to $8.34 billion. Net income in that division, run by President Jamie Forese, rose 97% to $2.47 billion, helped in part by lower credit costs. Investment Bank Investment-banking revenue was unchanged at $1.13 billion, beating the $1.02 billion average estimate of analysts. Revenue from the consumer banking division, run by Stephen Bird, rose 2% to $8.03 billion. The bank has been spending money to increase revenue, committing to invest $1 billion in Mexico, and expanding the credit-card business. Last year, the bank brought Costco Wholesale (COST) customers on board in what the company has hailed as a key growth initiative. In December, the bank said one of Bird's key lieutenants, Jonathan Larsen, had resigned for personal reasons. Calling Larsen's oversight of retail banking and mortgages a "critical role," the bank said in an internal memo dated Dec. 9 that it had yet to choose a replacement. Citigroup was the last of the six biggest U.S. banks to report results. Earlier Wednesday, Goldman Sachs (GS) said fourth-quarter earnings more than tripled to $2.35 billion as the fixed-income business got a boost from speculation economic growth will accelerate. In previous days, JPMorgan, Morgan Stanley and Bank of America (BAC) all said profits rose in the quarter, helped by stronger bond trading. Wells Fargo (WFC) said net income dropped 5.4% as mortgage revenue declined. RELATED: Dow Stock Goldman Sachs Crushes Earnings Estimates On Bond Trading Banks Among Few S&P 500 Beneficiaries As Higher Rates Loom   Share this: Today's Spotlight Capture Top Stocks in 2017 Hear O’Neil protégé David Ryan discuss current market action and his routine to find winning stocks. New IBD App Download our new free iOS and Android App! It’s a faster, cleaner, and mobile optimized experience. Investors and Fear As the Dow hits 20,000, it’s “America First” in a fast-paced twitter shot calling world on tax and trade policy. But what does it all mean for investors? More News Who needs a centerpiece kitchen when there are delivery services like Blue Apron or Amazon Prime Now? (Perry Mastrovito/Newscom) Why These Luxury-Home Features May Go The Way Of The Carriage House (© adrenalinapura/stock.adobe.com) The Only Thing Investors Have To Fear Is No Fear Itself Exploring independence: Why do advisors choose the RIA model? Promoted Content By Schwab Advisor Services Special Report 2017 Personal Finance Action Plan & 2016 Stock Market Review Get the right "recipe" for making money in 2017 with stocks, ETFs, mutual funds and bonds. TRADING CENTER INVESTING RESOURCES SUBSCRIBE TO THE IBD DIGITAL EDITION Get 4 free weeks of the IBD Digital edition plus access to IBD's exclusive market analysis, proprietary stock ratings and interactive tools. WATCH, LEARN AND LISTEN WITH IBD VIDEOS Stay on top of the market with IBD's exclusive videos. You will find the latest news, market analysis, and education to help you become a more successful investor. GETTING STARTED WITH IBD Get the most out of IBD's products and features by learning the CAN SLIM Investing System and staying in sync with the market trend. IBD Stock Charts IBD Stock Checkup Stock Quotes CAN SLIM Advisors MarketSmith How to Buy Stocks How to Read Stock Charts When to Sell Stocks IBD Retail Locations Ad Choices About Us Contact Us Advertising Terms & Privacy Policy Site Map IBD Stock Charts IBD Stock Checkup Stock Quotes CAN SLIM Advisors MarketSmith How to Buy Stocks How to Read Stock Charts When to Sell Stocks IBD Retail Locations Ad Choices Stock Market Today The Big Picture Economic Calendar Investing Workshops New to IBD Economy Technology Politics Editorials Co-Browse Notice: Information contained herein is not and should not be construed as an offer, solicitation, or recommendation to buy or sell securities. The information has been obtained from sources we believe to be reliable; however no guarantee is made or implied with respect to its accuracy, timeliness, or completeness. Authors may own the stocks they discuss. The information and content are subject to change without notice. *Real-time prices by Bats®. Volume delayed. Real-time quote and/or trade prices are not sourced from all markets. © 2000-2017 Investor's Business Daily, Inc. All rights reserved
Menu Stocks Stocks to Buy Stocks to Sell Dividend Stocks Penny Stocks Hot Stocks Stock Market Today Funds Mutual Funds ETF Investing 401k & Investing Tips Retirement Financial Advisor Center Trading Trading Advice Trade of the Day Trading Report How to Trade Options Market Insight IPO Playbook Gadgets, Smartphones & Tech Weird Street InvestorPolitics Financial Advisors Premium Services Trading Advice Trade of the Day Trading Report How to Trade Options Hot Topics MSFT GOOGL Best Stocks for 2017 Top Investments Trade of the Day Dividends More Home > Trading > Trading Advice > Bank of America Corp (BAC) Stock Is on Fire. Short It! The onus is on the bulls to prove BAC stock will flourish under Trump By Nicolas Chahine, InvestorPlace Contributor  |  Jan 17, 2017, 10:06 am EST     View All   Popular Posts: 2 Trades to Profit From Tesla Motors Inc (TSLA) Stock Stop Worrying and Profit From Twitter Inc (TWTR) Stock Go Long Bristol-Myers Squibb Co (BMY) Stock for Panic Profits! Recent Posts: Profit From Alphabet Inc’s (GOOGL) Earnings Miss Stop Worrying and Profit From Twitter Inc (TWTR) Stock 2 Trades to Profit From Tesla Motors Inc (TSLA) Stock View All Posts The rally in Bank of America Corp (NYSE:BAC) has been impressive. So much so that the temptation to short BAC stock is too great to pass up. Source: Shutterstock Consensus on Wall Street is that banks under a Trump presidency should flourish to even higher highs. Add to it the fact that we are in a Federal Reserve rate hike cycle and you have a foolproof investment thesis. Therein lies the conundrum. I get the bullish logic, but I lack the faith. I don’t think that there will be a switch that flips in January suddenly giving bank stocks the floor lost in 2008. BAC stock is now just below the level that was the trap door during the financial debacle that crippled the globe. Last week, BAC reported a decent quarter, but Wall Street yawned with a mild upside poke. JPMorgan Chase & Co. (NYSE:JPM) also reported, and it clobbered expectations, yet JPM stock barely budged. Usually, when a stock or a sector can’t rally on great news then the bulls may be tired. This week’s reports are not starting well either, with Morgan Stanley (NYSE:MS) falling on another beat performance. That’s why I’m banking (pun intended) that the sector will be pressured from lackluster reactions to earnings reports from MS or Goldman Sachs Group Inc (NYSE:GS). Technically, this would be BAC’s sixth major bout with this price level. Twenty years ago, BAC stock broke out from $24 per share. In the following ten years, bulls successfully defended it twice, so it served as support. In 2008, $24 was lost and it’s not until now that BAC stock is this near to it again. Every great champion needs to rest. So I will make a small bet that BAC stock may not get the oomph it needs to power through $24 per share. Luckily, the options markets allow me to structure trades with small risks to capture the slip. Next Page   1 2 View All View All   Article printed from InvestorPlace Media, http://investorplace.com/2017/01/bank-of-america-corp-short-bac-stock-options/. ©2017 InvestorPlace Media, LLC More on InvestorPlace 10 Stocks to Buy That Already Make America Great 7 Awful Stocks You Need to Ditch Now 3 'Golden' Ammo Stocks for Big Returns 3 Healthcare Stocks to Buy Despite Trump 3 Retail Stocks That Are Getting Smashed Apple's iPhone Takes a Hit From … Netflix? ADVERTISEMENT ADVERTISEMENT Editor's Picks 7 Stocks to Buy That Could Double by 2018 3 Fast-Food Stocks That Are Sweating Bullets Thanks to McDonald’s The 3 Best Sector ETFs to Buy for a Profitable 2017 The 3 Best ETFs to Put In Your IRA for Long-Term Growth 3 Covered Calls to Drop a $1,000 in Your Bank Account Most Popular 7 Stocks to Buy That Could Double by 2018 5 Blue-Chip Stocks to Sell in February 10 High-Yield Dividend Stocks That Are SOMEHOW Still Bargains 3 Dividend Aristocrats to Buy for Income and Growth The 3 Best Sector ETFs to Buy for a Profitable 2017 The 3 Best ETFs to Put In Your IRA for Long-Term Growth Poll of the Day View and vote in our Will the 'Trump' Stock Market Rally Continue Through 2017? poll Partners ADVERTISEMENT About Us   ·   Press Center   ·   Resources   ·   Advisory Services   ·   Free Newsletters   ·   Free Reports   ·   Contact Us   ·   Advertise With Us   ·   Employment   ·   Privacy   ·   Terms and Conditions   ·   Disclosures and Disclaimers   ·   Media Sites RSS   ·   Sitemap More On InvestorPlace: Choose A Page About Us Press Center Resources Advisory Services Free Newsletters Free Reports Contact Us Advertise With Us Employment Privacy Terms and Conditions Disclosures and Disclaimers Media Sites Sitemap Financial Market Data powered by FinancialContent Services, Inc. All rights reserved. Nasdaq quotes delayed at least 15 minutes, all others at least 20 minutes. Copyright © 2017 InvestorPlace Media, LLC. All rights reserved. 9201 Corporate Blvd, Rockville, MD 20850. Richard Band John Jagerson Hilary Kramer Jon Markman Louis Navellier Bryan Perry Ken Trester Dan Wiener Richard Young Blue Chip Growth Cash Machine GameChangers Independent Adviser for Vanguard Investors Intelligence Report Maximum Options Profitable Investing SlingShot Trader Trader’s Advantage Active Trading Income Investing Growth Investing Mutual Funds & ETFs Value Hunters Options Trading
X Edition: United States Business Business Home Legal Deals Aerospace & Defense Finance Autos Reuters Summits ADventures Data Dive Markets Markets Home U.S. Markets European Markets Asian Markets Global Market Data Indices Stocks Bonds Currencies Commodities Futures Funds Earnings Dividends World World Home U.S. Special Reports Reuters Investigates Euro Zone Middle East China Japan Mexico Brazil Africa Russia India Politics Politics Home Polling Explorer Just In: Election 2016 What Voters Want Supreme Court Tech Technology Home Science Top 100 Global Innovators Media Environment Innovation Commentary Commentary Home Podcasts Breakingviews Breakingviews Home Breakingviews Video Money Money Home Retirement Lipper Awards Analyst Research Stock Screener Fund Screener Life Health Sports Arts Entertainment Oddly Enough Pictures Pictures Home The Wider Image Photographers Focus 360 Video JPMorgan agrees to $55 million settle of mortgage discrimination complaint... Africa América Latina عربي Argentina Brasil Canada 中国 Deutschland España France India Italia 日本 México РОССИЯ United Kingdom United States U.S. | Wed Jan 18, 2017 | 7:32pm EST JPMorgan agrees to $55 million settle of mortgage discrimination complaint: source By Dena Aubin | NEW YORK NEW YORK JPMorgan Chase & Co has agreed to pay $55 million to settle a U.S. Justice Department lawsuit accusing it of discriminating against minority borrowers by allowing mortgage brokers to charge them more for home loans, a person familiar with the matter said on Wednesday. The U.S. Justice Department complaint, filed in Manhattan federal court on Wednesday, accused the bank of willfully violating the U.S. Fair Housing Act and the Equal Credit Opportunity Act between 2006 and 2009 and showing "reckless disregard" for the rights of at least 53,000 African-American and Hispanic borrowers. "We’ve agreed to settle these legacy allegations that relate to pricing set by independent brokers," JPMorgan spokeswoman Elizabeth Seymour said. "We deny any wrongdoing and remain committed to providing equal access to credit." A spokeswoman for U.S. Attorney Preet Bharara had no immediate comment. The alleged discrimination involved so-called wholesale loans that were made through mortgage brokers the bank used to help originate loans, the complaint said. Chase allowed brokers to change rates charged for loans from those initially set based on objective credit-related factors, the complaint said. As a result of that discretion, minorities were charged more for home loans than white borrowers with the same credit profile, paying tens of millions of dollars in additional mortgage costs, the complaint said. An African-American taking out a $191,100 loan on average paid $1,126 more over the first five years of the loan than a white borrower. An Hispanic borrower with a $236,800 loan paid on average $968 more than a non-Hispanic white borrower, the complaint said. Chase did not require mortgage brokers to document the reasons for changing rates and failed to address racial discrimination, encouraging it to continue, the complaint said. The Justice Department has been pursuing a number of banks over alleged discrimination. From 2010 to 2014, the agency’s Civil Rights Division obtained more than $1.4 billion in relief under fair housing laws, according to an August report. In one case, Wells Fargo & Co agreed to pay $175 million to settle allegations that it charged African American and Hispanic borrowers higher rates and fees on mortgages. Cities around the country, including Miami, Baltimore and Los Angeles, also have filed lawsuits claiming that major banks targeted minorities for high-cost loans that often ended in foreclosures. The bank first disclosed Bharara's lawsuit in a quarterly filing in 2015. (additional reporting by Jonathan Stempel and Lauren LaCapra) People pass the JP Morgan Chase & Co. Corporate headquarters in the Manhattan borough of New York City, May 20, 2015. REUTERS/Mike Segar Next In U.S. U.S. judge blocks Texas regulations for fetal tissue remains AUSTIN, Texas A federal judge in Texas on Friday halted state regulations that would require abortion providers to dispose of aborted fetal tissue through burial or cremation, saying the rules imposed "undue burdens on a woman's right to seek a previability abortion." FBI request for Twitter account data may have overstepped legal guidelines WASHINGTON The FBI appeared to go beyond the scope of existing legal guidance in seeking certain kinds of internet records from Twitter as recently as last year, legal experts said, citing two warrantless surveillance orders the social media company published on Friday. FBI probes threat to 'blow up' Denver-area refugee center DENVER Anonymous notes threatening to "blow up" a refugee community center catering mainly to Muslim immigrants were found at the Denver-area building, prompting a hate-crime investigation by the FBI, police said on Friday. MORE FROM REUTERS Sponsored Content From Around the Web Promoted by Taboola Trending Stories Pictures Photos of the week Sponsored Topics X Follow Reuters: Follow Us On Twitter Follow Us On Facebook Follow Us On RSS Follow Us On Instagram Follow Us On YouTube Follow Us On LinkedIn Subscribe: Feeds | Newsletters | Podcasts | Apps Reuters News Agency | Brand Attribution Guidelines Reuters is the news and media division of Thomson Reuters. Thomson Reuters is the world's largest international multimedia news agency, providing investing news, world news, business news, technology news, headline news, small business news, news alerts, personal finance, stock market, and mutual funds information available on Reuters.com, video, mobile, and interactive television platforms. Learn more about Thomson Reuters products: Eikon Information, analytics and exclusive news on financial markets - delivered in an intuitive desktop and mobile interface Elektron Everything you need to empower your workflow and enhance your enterprise data management World-Check Screen for heightened risk individual and entities globally to help uncover hidden risks in business relationships and human networks Westlaw Build the strongest argument relying on authoritative content, attorney-editor expertise, and industry defining technology ONESOURCE The most comprehensive solution to manage all your complex and ever-expanding tax and compliance needs CHECKPOINT The industry leader for online information for tax, accounting and finance professionals All quotes delayed a minimum of 15 minutes. See here for a complete list of exchanges and delays. Site Feedback Corrections Advertising Guidelines Cookies Terms of Use Privacy Policy
Continue to site >> Login My Account Get Alerts TheStreet Alerts Email Newsletters In Case You Missed It Before the Bell Jim Cramer's Daily Booyah Midday Bell Top 10 Winners & Losers Register For Newsletters Action Alerts PLUS Charitable Trust Portfolio Jim Cramer's Best Stocks of 2017 Most Recent Trade Alert 25 Investing Rules 10 Trading Commandments Mad Money Recap Real Money Jim Cramer's Best Stocks of 2017 25 Rules of investing 10 Commandments Stressed Out Stocks Cramer's Blog Investing Much More Cramer Mad Money BizTV Election 2016 ETFs Financial Advisor Center Futures How to Spend Banking Biotech Markets Options Personal Finance Retail Retirement Tech Stock Picks Video Latest News Subscribe SUBSCRIPTION SERVICES Action Alerts PLUS Action Alerts OPTIONS Daily Swing Trade Dividend Stock Advisor Growth Seeker Quant Ratings Real Money Real Money Pro Stocks Under $10 Top Stocks Trifecta Stocks SUBSCRIPTION BUNDLES Portfolio PLUS Real Money Pro Portfolio Chairman's Club FREE TheStreet MainStreet Compare All Subscription Services Real Money Intel's Earnings Were Solid, But Its Guidance Raises Some Questions DJIA S&P 500 NASDAQ Markets Today Stock Futures Inch Higher as Citigroup, Goldman Sachs Get Trading Boost Stock futures inch higher as Citigroup and Goldman Sachs join the series of banks that enjoyed a trading boost in the fourth quarter. Keris Alison Lahiff Jan 18, 2017 9:21 AM EST Stock futures inched higher as Citigroup (C) and Goldman Sachs (GS) joined the series of banks that enjoyed a trading boost in the fourth quarter.  S&P 500 futures rose 0.14%, Dow Jones Industrial Average futures gained 0.14%, and Nasdaq futures added 0.2%.  Goldman Sachs gained 0.5% in premarket trading after posting higher growth following the surprise election win of Donald Trump. Revenue in fixed-income trading rose 78% to $2 billion in the three months through December, outpacing gains at Citigroup, JPMorgan Chase  (JPM) and Bank of America (BAC) . The bank earned $5.08 a share, above FactSet consensus of $4.76. Citigroup also saw a strong finish to the year with profit rising by 7%. Net income climbed to $1.14 a share from $1.03 a share a year earlier. The results were slightly better than estimates of $1.12 a share. The stock fell 0.3% in premarket trading. Consumer prices moved higher in December as inflation continued to trend toward the Federal Reserve's 2% target. Prices rose 0.3% last month, in line with consensus and building upon 0.2% growth in November. Consumer prices climbed 2.1% in 2016, the highest in five years. Core prices rose 2.2% last year.   Industrial production in the U.S. in December rose 0.8%, the strongest gain in two years. November's industrial output was revised to show a 0.7% drop, steeper than an originally reported decline of 0.4%.   Markets slid on Tuesday as Wall Street came to grips with a Trump administration ahead of the President-elect's inauguration on Friday. Stocks have generally outperformed since Donald Trump's unexpected win in November, though the so-called "Trump rally" appears to have run its course. Now, investors are left to determine which of Trump's policy positions are concrete.  Prev 0 of 3 Next If you liked this article you might like European Stock Markets Mixed on Thursday as London and Paris Slump Markets in London and Paris were lower on Thursday, while German stocks bucked the trend as investors responded to corporate earnings and political news. James Skinner Jan 26, 2017 12:57 PM EST European Stock Markets Rise as Earnings Season Gets Underway Germany's DAX led the pack on Wednesday, with the CAC 40 and FTSE 100 in tow. James Skinner Jan 25, 2017 12:18 PM EST News Out of Europe: Intesa Confirms Potential Bid for Generali News of Intesa's potential takeover bid extended Generali's three-day gains to 15%. Edward Hardy Jan 25, 2017 7:09 AM EST Deutsche Bank Soars on Asset Management Sale Speculation The bank's shares hit a one-year high after the news broke. Edward Hardy Jan 25, 2017 5:55 AM EST Trending Letting the Peso Dive Might Be Mexico's Best Revenge Against Trump Chipotle Could Be Crushed by Trump's 20% Mexico Border Tax Earnings, Not Politics, Are Still Driving This Market: Cramer's 'Mad Money' Recap (Friday 1/27/17) These 5 Stocks Under $10 Could Get Hot Soon Week in Review: Earnings Drive Dow to 20K in Trump's First Week in White House Advertising Partners Hot Topics Pharma Blue-Chip Cramer on Apple Stocks Under $10 Best High-Yielders Tech Stocks Top Dividend Stocks Home Cramer Banking Biotech Election 2016 ETFs Futures Investing Opinion Personal Finance Retail Tech Video Featured Topics Jim Cramer Mad Money Stock Market Today Dow Jones Today Dividend Stocks Gold Price Silver Prices Copper Prices Oil Prices Sections ©1996-2017 TheStreet, Inc. All rights reserved. Action Alerts PLUS is a registered trademark of TheStreet, Inc. Popular Pages Best Stocks Best Stocks to Buy High Dividend Stocks Stock Market Holidays Earnings Calendar Ex Dividend Date ETF Ratings Mutual Fund Ratings Best Online Brokers Subscriptions Action Alerts PLUS Action Alerts OPTIONS Daily Swing Trade Dividend Stock Advisor Growth Seeker Quant Ratings Real Money Real Money Pro Stocks Under $10 Top Stocks Trifecta Stocks Portfolio PLUS RMP Portfolio Chairman's Club Stay Connected Feedback About Us Write For TheStreet Investor Relations Advertise Reprints Customer Service Employment Privacy Policy Terms of Use Topic Archive Video Sitemap Data Affiliate Press Room ©1996-2017 TheStreet, Inc. All rights reserved. Action Alerts PLUS is a registered trademark of TheStreet, Inc. Compare Brokers
Bloomberg the Company & Its ProductsBloomberg Anywhere Remote LoginBloomberg Anywhere LoginBloomberg Terminal Demo Request Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Philanthropy & Engagement Bloomberg London Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Philanthropy & Engagement Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Bloomberg London Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Advertising Bloomberg Media Distribution Bloomberg Live Conferences Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center MENU Homepage Markets Stocks Currencies Commodities Rates + Bonds Economics Magazine Benchmark Watchlist Economic Calendar Tech U.S. Global Startups Cybersecurity Digital Media Bloomberg Technology TV Hello World Studio 1.0 Pursuits Cars & Bikes Style & Grooming Spend Watches & Gadgets Food & Drinks Travel Real Estate Art & Design Politics With All Due Respect Global Risk Briefing How We’ll Know if Trump Is Making America Great Again Tracking Trump’s Web of Conflicts The Inauguration of Donald J. Trump On the March in Trump’s Capital Opinion View Gadfly Businessweek Subscribe Cover Stories Opening Remarks Etc Features 85th Anniversary Issue Behind The Cover More Science + Energy Graphics Game Plan Small Business Personal Finance Inspire GO The David Rubenstein Show Sponsored Content Bloomberg About The Company Sign In Sign In Subscribe Citigroup Trading Revenue Climbs 31% as Profit Beats Estimates by Dakin Campbell @dakincampbell More stories by Dakin Campbell January 18, 2017, 8:02 AM EST Fourth-quarter net income increases 7.1% to $3.57 billion Fixed-income trading revenue highest since financial crisis Citigroup 4Q Profit Beats as Trading Revenue Climbs 31% Citigroup Inc. reported fourth-quarter profit that surpassed analysts’ estimates as trading revenue jumped 31 percent, more than the bank had forecast last month. Net income rose 7.1 percent to $3.57 billion, or $1.14 a share, from $3.34 billion, or $1.02, a year earlier, the New York-based company said Wednesday in a statement. The average estimate of 25 analysts surveyed by Bloomberg was for adjusted earnings of $1.12 a share. Citigroup follows rivals JPMorgan Chase & Co. and Morgan Stanley in posting a jump in revenue from helping clients trade in the months surrounding Donald Trump’s surprise election win in November. Chief Executive Officer Michael Corbat, 56, also has been restructuring the firm and whittling costs as he seeks to improve profitability and return more capital to shareholders. FICC Trading The bank’s traders handling bonds, currencies and commodities generated $3.01 billion in the quarter, 36 percent more than a year earlier, excluding an accounting adjustment from that period. Their fourth-quarter revenue was the highest since before the financial crisis, according to data compiled by Bloomberg, and better than the $2.83 billion estimated by analysts. Revenue from equities trading, an area the bank has targeted for an additional $1 billion in annual revenue, rose 15 percent to $694 million. That was just short of the $708 million estimated by analysts. Combined, trading revenue rose 31 percent to $3.7 billion. Chief Financial Officer John Gerspach had predicted Dec. 7 that it would rise about 20 percent in the quarter from a year earlier. Companywide revenue fell 8 percent to $17 billion, missing analysts’ $17.3 billion estimate, as revenue tumbled 79 percent to $657 million in Citi Holdings, a unit housing operations and assets tagged for disposal. Operating expenses also declined 9 percent, to $10.1 billion, just below analysts’ $10.2 billion estimate. Citi Holdings Citi Holdings still eked out an $87 million profit. Gerspach had said last month that he was expecting a “modest loss” at that unit. The bank has said it will stop breaking out Citi Holdings’ results in financial reports this year after its assets -- $54 billion at year-end -- shrank to become a relatively small part of the company’s total balance sheet. U.S. bank stocks surged in the final weeks of 2016 as investors speculated that Trump’s policies will lead to higher interest rates, looser regulation and lower taxes. The KBW Bank Index climbed 20 percent from the Nov. 8 vote through Tuesday, with Citigroup rising 17 percent. Trump’s victory and the Federal Reserve’s December interest-rate hike already have burnished Wall Street earnings by spurring clients to reposition stock and bond portfolios and react to currency swings. Trading, merger advice and securities underwriting helped boost revenue in the institutional clients group by 14 percent to $8.34 billion. Net income in that division, run by President Jamie Forese, rose 97 percent to $2.47 billion, helped in part by lower credit costs. Investment Bank Investment-banking revenue was unchanged at $1.13 billion, beating the $1.02 billion average estimate of analysts. Revenue from the consumer banking division, run by Stephen Bird, rose 2 percent to $8.03 billion. The bank has been spending money to increase revenue, committing to invest $1 billion in Mexico, and expanding the credit-card business. Last year, the bank brought Costco Wholesale Corp. customers on board in what the company has hailed as a key growth initiative. In December, the bank said one of Bird’s key lieutenants, Jonathan Larsen, had resigned for personal reasons. Calling Larsen’s oversight of retail banking and mortgages a “critical role,” the bank said in an internal memo dated Dec. 9 that it had yet to choose a replacement. Citigroup was the last of the six biggest U.S. banks to report results. Earlier Wednesday, Goldman Sachs Group Inc. said fourth-quarter earnings more than tripled to $2.35 billion as the fixed-income business got a boost from speculation economic growth will accelerate. In previous days, JPMorgan, Morgan Stanley and Bank of America Corp. all said profits rose in the quarter, helped by stronger bond trading. Wells Fargo & Co. said net income dropped 5.4 percent as mortgage revenue declined. Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal. LEARN MORE Trending Now Trump Warms to House Republicans’ Proposed Border-Adjusted Tax Trump Greets U.K.'s May as World Leaders Look For Cues China’s Army of Global Homebuyers Is Suddenly Short on Cash Dutch Regulator Accidentally Posts Soros’s Short Positions Scaramucci Scores Millions From Buyer With Mystery Investors Terms of Service Trademarks Privacy Policy ©2017 Bloomberg L.P. All Rights Reserved Careers Made in NYC Advertise Ad Choices Website Feedback Help
X Edition: United States Business Business Home Legal Deals Aerospace & Defense Finance Autos Reuters Summits ADventures Data Dive Markets Markets Home U.S. Markets European Markets Asian Markets Global Market Data Indices Stocks Bonds Currencies Commodities Futures Funds Earnings Dividends World World Home U.S. Special Reports Reuters Investigates Euro Zone Middle East China Japan Mexico Brazil Africa Russia India Politics Politics Home Polling Explorer Just In: Election 2016 What Voters Want Supreme Court Tech Technology Home Science Top 100 Global Innovators Media Environment Innovation Commentary Commentary Home Podcasts Breakingviews Breakingviews Home Breakingviews Video Money Money Home Retirement Lipper Awards Analyst Research Stock Screener Fund Screener Life Health Sports Arts Entertainment Oddly Enough Pictures Pictures Home The Wider Image Photographers Focus 360 Video U.S. sues JPMorgan for alleged mortgage discrimination Africa América Latina عربي Argentina Brasil Canada 中国 Deutschland España France India Italia 日本 México РОССИЯ United Kingdom United States Bonds News | Wed Jan 18, 2017 | 8:25am EST U.S. sues JPMorgan for alleged mortgage discrimination NEW YORK Jan 18 The United States on Wednesday sued JPMorgan Chase & Co, accusing the bank of discriminating against minority borrowers by charging them higher rates and fees on home mortgage loans between 2006 and at least 2009. Filed in a Manhattan federal court, the government's complaint accused the bank of violating the U.S. Fair Housing Act and the Equal Credit Opportunity Act by charging thousands of African-American and Hispanic borrowers more than white borrowers with the same credit profile for home loans. (Reporting By Dena Aubin) Next In Bonds News Southern European leaders gather in Lisbon as populism gains LISBON, Jan 28 Southern European leaders meet on Saturday in Lisbon to discuss growing challenges, from the refugee crisis to rising borrowing costs and low economic growth, at a time when rising populism has increased political uncertainty in Europe. EMERGING MARKETS-Latam currencies strengthen after weak U.S. GDP data (Updates table) By Bruno Federowski SAO PAULO, Jan 27 Latin American currencies mostly strengthened on Friday after weaker-than-expected U.S. growth figures dampened expectations of a fast rate-hiking cycle in the coming months. U.S. gross domestic product (GDP) increased at a 1.9 percent annual rate in the fourth quarter, closing the year 1.6 percent higher. That was the weakest pace since 2011, a reflection of cheap oil and a strong dollar. Some investors bet th HIGHLIGHTS-The Trump presidency on Jan 27 at 6:11 P.M. EST/2311 GMT Jan 27 Highlights of the day for U.S. President Donald Trump's administration on Friday: MORE FROM REUTERS Sponsored Content From Around the Web Promoted by Taboola Trending Stories Pictures Photos of the week Sponsored Topics X Follow Reuters: Follow Us On Twitter Follow Us On Facebook Follow Us On RSS Follow Us On Instagram Follow Us On YouTube Follow Us On LinkedIn Subscribe: Feeds | Newsletters | Podcasts | Apps Reuters News Agency | Brand Attribution Guidelines Reuters is the news and media division of Thomson Reuters. Thomson Reuters is the world's largest international multimedia news agency, providing investing news, world news, business news, technology news, headline news, small business news, news alerts, personal finance, stock market, and mutual funds information available on Reuters.com, video, mobile, and interactive television platforms. Learn more about Thomson Reuters products: Eikon Information, analytics and exclusive news on financial markets - delivered in an intuitive desktop and mobile interface Elektron Everything you need to empower your workflow and enhance your enterprise data management World-Check Screen for heightened risk individual and entities globally to help uncover hidden risks in business relationships and human networks Westlaw Build the strongest argument relying on authoritative content, attorney-editor expertise, and industry defining technology ONESOURCE The most comprehensive solution to manage all your complex and ever-expanding tax and compliance needs CHECKPOINT The industry leader for online information for tax, accounting and finance professionals All quotes delayed a minimum of 15 minutes. See here for a complete list of exchanges and delays. Site Feedback Corrections Advertising Guidelines Cookies Terms of Use Privacy Policy
Tech News Home > Tech > Tech News < Back to SMG 45 Wednesday, 18 January 2017 | MYT 6:10 PM Bitcoin exchange employee pleads guilty in US case tied to hacking Data breach: Florida resident Ricardo Hill is one of nine people to face charges following an investigation connected to a data breach that JPMorgan disclosed in 2014. — Reuters NEW YORK: A Florida man pleaded guilty on Jan 17 to charges stemming from his employment with an unlicensed bitcoin exchange that prosecutors say was owned by an Israeli who oversaw a massive scheme to hack companies, including JPMorgan Chase & Co. Ricardo Hill, 38, entered his plea in Manhattan federal court to seven counts, including conspiracy to operate an unlicensed money transmitting business, wire fraud and bank fraud. The Brandon, Florida-resident is one of nine people to face charges following an investigation connected to a data breach that JPMorgan disclosed in 2014 involving records for more than 83 million accounts. The charges against Hill stemmed from his employment as a finance support manager and business development consultant for an unlicensed bitcoin exchange called Coin.mx, according to court papers. Prosecutors have said Coin.mx was operated by another Florida man, Anthony Murgio, from 2013 to 2015 and exchanged millions of dollars into bitcoin while operating through several fronts, including one called "Collectables Club". Prosecutors said Coin.mx was owned by Gery Shalon, an Israeli who with Maryland-born Joshua Samuel Aaron orchestrated cyber attacks on companies including JPMorgan that resulted in more than 100 million people's information being stolen. Prosecutors said the men carried out the cybercrimes to further other schemes with another Israeli, Ziv Orenstein, including pumping up stock prices with sham promotional emails. Aaron was deported from Russia in December and taken into US custody, while Shalon and Orenstein were extradited from Israel in June. All three have pleaded not guilty. Murgio, who like Hill was not accused of engaging in the hacking scheme, pleaded guilty on Jan 9 to charges that included conspiracy to operate an unlicensed money transmitting business and conspiracy to commit bank fraud. Five other individuals have been charged in connection with Coin.mx, including Murgio's father. Two individuals linked to it are scheduled to face trial on Feb 6. The case is US v. Murgio et al, US District Court, Southern District of New York, No. 15-cr-769. — Reuters You May Be Interested Coming soon: Robot DoorDash deliveries Legal warfare! Apple takes on Qualcomm in courts China girlfriend rental app gets leg up from Lunar New Year demand Bring cheer to the underprivileged this festive season Go purple this CNY if you want to get lucky in love Six simple steps to feng shui your home Others Also Read Fear in interrogation room, death in the street: Iraq roots out Islamic State Chinese New Year's customs and taboos Ponkan oranges choice of the season advertisement Latest News China turns to blockchain to make markets clearer and cleaner Coming soon: Robot DoorDash deliveries PayPal outlook muted on mobile competition, currency trends Alphabet posts strong revenue growth, higher taxes hit earnings Russian security service says hackers attacked major banks in 2016 Most Viewed in Tech Coming soon: Robot DoorDash deliveries China turns to blockchain to make markets clearer and cleaner Chinese Lunar New Year ticket snatching apps raise hackles China girlfriend rental app gets leg up from Lunar New Year demand Hong Kong securities brokers hit by cyberattacks, may face more Facing huge writedown, battered Toshiba decides to sell part of memory chip business PayPal outlook muted on mobile competition, currency trends Alphabet posts strong revenue growth, higher taxes hit earnings STMicro to supply iPhone 8 parts? Russian security service says hackers attacked major banks in 2016 Powered by advertisement advertisement site map Home Videos News Business Sport Metro Lifestyle Tech Opinion subscriptions The Star newspaper Other Publications RSS Feeds other editions ePaper Mobile SMS Services Magazines Kuntum company info About Us Contact Us Job Opportunities Investor Relations FAQs Advertising View Our Rate Card Policies Privacy Statement Terms of Use our sites Star2.com myStarjob.com Carsifu StarProperty.my Propwall iBilik R.AGE mStar Kuali Leaderonomics TheStarTV.com StarCherish.com Search The Star Online Connect with us Content Partner Our Radio Stations site map Home Videos News Business Sport Metro Tech Lifestyle Travel Opinion subscriptions The Star newspaper Other Publications RSS Feeds other editions ePaper Mobile SMS Services magazines Kuntum company info About Us Contact Us Job Opportunities Investor Relations FAQs advertising View Our Rate Card policies Privacy Statement Terms of Use our sites Star2.com myStarjob.com Carsifu starproperty.my Propwall iBilik R.AGE mStar Kuali Leaderonomics TheStarTV.com StarCherish.com social media Facebook Twitter Copyright © 1995- Star Media Group Berhad (ROC 10894D)
Advertisement Subscribe to Adweek Adweek Blog Network: TVNewser| TVSpy| LostRemote| AgencySpy| PRNewser| SocialTimes| FishbowlNY| FishbowlDC| GalleyCat See the Super Ads Check out the latest Big Game spots and updates all in one place No, It's Not a Watermelon This pregnancy test ad was met with howls of laughter Subscribe to Adweek Get a full year of print and digital editions for just $69 The Press Television Technology Advertising & Branding Adfreak Video SUBSCRIBE X Magazine Subscription Subscribe to Adweek Magazine and get the iPad edition for free! Subscribe Now Headlines: Press: Condé Nast Ditches the Title … TV: Nielsen Modifies Its Total Con… Tech: Pinterest Makes First Push in … Ads & Brands: Ogilvy Unveils a Global Restru… Former Politico Heads Are Shaking Up Native Advertising With New Site Launch partners include PepsiCo and Boeing By Sami Main January 18, 2017, 7:00 AM EST Technology Axios means "worthy" in Greek, and aims to provide that quality of news content and ads. Axios Some of the original minds behind Politico are ready to show off their take on a different kind of news site. Launching today, after the release of three newsletters earlier in the month, (one of which broke the news of Donald Trump's son-in-law joining him as senior adviser) Axios intends to shake up the way native advertising plays out alongside news content.  Former Politico co-founder and CEO Jim VandeHei is now Axios' co-founder and CEO; joining him from Politico is Mike Allen, who is Axios' co-founder and executive editor and Roy Schwartz, who was Politico's chief revenue officer and has the title of president of Axios. Axios has already lined up 10 launch partners, mostly due to its willingness to go against the current system of long-form native advertising. Some of those partners include PepsiCo, Boeing and JPMorgan Chase & Co. With a focus on short-form ad content, and subscription packages that could run up to $10,000 annually, Axios hopes to find a new kind of news consumer. "We are doing serious things, but trying to do it in a voice that digital native people are used to but without falling into the crap trap of dumbing down the content," VendeHei told The Wall Street Journal. "Our audience will be everyone who truly cares about serious news on a daily basis." The main site will feature short summaries of stories, basically built to be quickly scrolled through, even on your phone. Axios "In the 10 years after Politico was founded, we spent a lot of time on a 'listening tour,'" Schwartz told Adweek. "Most people leave articles after reading the first 200 words or so." "With Axios, everything is within the stream, including our short-form ad content," he said. Schwartz explained that these native ads, which could include a short video clip or simply a short article with an image attached to it, can be produced and introduced into the stream within the same day and at a fraction of the cost. This is something some of their brand partners are excited by, because it allows them to run and test ads all at the same time. Axios' ads also have the ability to follow storylines while reaching different people; by measuring how long readers dwell on certain ads, Axios can then show them more of what they're interested in. This is also how its news stream will work. Readers can click 'Read More' to see more stories in that field, and eventually the site will move towards a more personalized experience. "We're not like Facebook, though," said Schwartz. "We're not creating an echo chamber here because we're not biased. Axios is a way for people to quickly catch up on news, and we'll be sure to push important stories out to everyone." Axios Schwartz called Axios "platform agnostic," meaning that its links can be easily shared and viewed anywhere; the team learned a lot from its We the People account on Snapchat in how viewers want to choose how to experience their news. Thanks to that knowledge, Axios has also found a way to piece together different parts of the tech behind Facebook's Instant Articles function and create basically a card-like experience on Facebook (think: swiping). "Long-form native advertising is great for some things, but not everything," he said. "With money moving into the digital ad space, most of that is going to Facebook and Google, which doesn't leave brands with many innovative options at places that will actually work." "Axios means 'worthy,' and we want to make sure we're worthy of people's trust, time and attention," said Schwartz. Get the Technology Today newsletter: Check out our other newsletters: Daily Digest Brandweek Technology Today The AdFreak Daily Advertising & Branding Television Today Television Upfront Digital Content NewFronts Promotions & Offers   Thanks for signing up! Check your inbox for a confirmation email. Topics: Axios, News, Politico Subscribe to Adweek today. Now on the iPad! About the Author Sami Main Digital media reporter Comments View the discussion thread. 2 1 Email Print Print Print ✕ Close Advertisement Featured Jobs Audience Development Analyst WNET New York Public Media 10019, New York City SEO/Editorial Freelancer New Hope Media LLC New York City, New York Account Director Happy Medium Des Moines, IA or Chicago, IL Social Media Strategist Oceana Washington, D.C. Audience Development Manager LADDERS New York City, New York See More Jobs Editor's Picks Ogilvy Unveils a Global Restructuring to Kick Off Its 'Next Chapter' Ad of the Day: First Ad From McDonald's New Agency Says 'There's a Big Mac for That' T-Mobile's CEO Just Tweeted That the Brand Is Running a Super Bowl Ad This Year Sprint Promises a 'Real Cliffhanger' for Its Super Bowl Ad Wonderful Pistachios and Fiji Water Both Line Up 15-Second Super Bowl Ads Pinterest Makes First Push in Targeting Super Bowl Viewers With Personalized Microsite Avocado Mentions Jumped 371% on Twitter After Trump Proposed Tax on Mexican Goods Animal Planet and Pedigree Add VR and Branded Content to This Year’s Puppy Bowl The Coen Brothers Return to the Super Bowl After 15 Years With This Mercedes Ad Advertisement Adweek Blog Network Follow @Adweek Some of the original minds behind Politico are ready to show off their take on a different kind of news site. Launching today, after the release of three newsletters earlier in the month, (one of which broke the news of Donald Trump's son-in-law joining him as senior adviser) Axios intends to shake up the way native advertising plays out alongside news content.  Former Politico co-founder and CEO Jim VandeHei is now Axios' co-founder and CEO; joining him from Politico is Mike Allen, who is Axios' co-founder and executive editor and Roy Schwartz, who was Politico's chief revenue officer and has the title of president of Axios. Axios has already lined up 10 launch partners, mostly due to its willingness to go against the current system of long-form native advertising. Some of those partners include PepsiCo, Boeing and JPMorgan Chase & Co. With a focus on short-form ad content, and subscription packages that could run up to $10,000 annually, Axios hopes to find a new kind of news consumer. "We are doing serious things, but trying to do it in a voice that digital native people are used to but without falling into the crap trap of dumbing down the content," VendeHei told The Wall Street Journal. "Our audience will be everyone who truly cares about serious news on a daily basis." The main site will feature short summaries of stories, basically built to be quickly scrolled through, even on your phone. Axios "In the 10 years after Politico was founded, we spent a lot of time on a 'listening tour,'" Schwartz told Adweek. "Most people leave articles after reading the first 200 words or so." "With Axios, everything is within the stream, including our short-form ad content," he said. Schwartz explained that these native ads, which could include a short video clip or simply a short article with an image attached to it, can be produced and introduced into the stream within the same day and at a fraction of the cost. This is something some of their brand partners are excited by, because it allows them to run and test ads all at the same time. Axios' ads also have the ability to follow storylines while reaching different people; by measuring how long readers dwell on certain ads, Axios can then show them more of what they're interested in. This is also how its news stream will work. Readers can click 'Read More' to see more stories in that field, and eventually the site will move towards a more personalized experience. "We're not like Facebook, though," said Schwartz. "We're not creating an echo chamber here because we're not biased. Axios is a way for people to quickly catch up on news, and we'll be sure to push important stories out to everyone." Axios Schwartz called Axios "platform agnostic," meaning that its links can be easily shared and viewed anywhere; the team learned a lot from its We the People account on Snapchat in how viewers want to choose how to experience their news. Thanks to that knowledge, Axios has also found a way to piece together different parts of the tech behind Facebook's Instant Articles function and create basically a card-like experience on Facebook (think: swiping). "Long-form native advertising is great for some things, but not everything," he said. "With money moving into the digital ad space, most of that is going to Facebook and Google, which doesn't leave brands with many innovative options at places that will actually work." "Axios means 'worthy,' and we want to make sure we're worthy of people's trust, time and attention," said Schwartz. Advertisement Terms of use | Privacy Policy ©2017 Adweek   All Rights Reserved About Media Kit Contact Us BrandShare Webinars Events Custom Print Sections Subscribe to Adweek Subscription Options Digital App Newsletters Reprints Back Issues RSS Adweek Blog Network TVNewser TVSpy LostRemote AgencySpy PRNewser SocialTimes FishbowlNY FishbowlDC GalleyCat Additional Info Trophies, Awards & Seals Customer Service
Search × Search in Site To search in site, type your keyword and hit enter Close By Traders For Traders Live Trading News HOME Investments Real Estate Education Strategy Stocks US Stocks Australia OTC Markets Futures Asia Middle East Currencies Commodities Metals Grains Crude Oil FX Politics America Asia Australia Middle East Terrorism Lifestyle Luxury Travel Health Opinion Shayne Heffernan Paul Ebeling Sports Fishing Formula One Ferrari Horse Racing Formula One Contact Us Trading Consulting Real Estate Investing EB5 Mergers & Acquisitions CrowdFunding Commodities Metals Wall Street’s Top Analysts Upgrades, Downgrades & Initiations By Paul Ebeling on January 18, 2017No Comment Share on Facebook Follow on Facebook Add to Google+ Connect on Linked in Subscribe by Email Print This Post Wall Street’s Top Analysts Upgrades, Downgrades & Initiations $JPM, $NFLX, $JWN, $TWTR Daily HeffX-LTN reviews Wall Street analysts research reports to find new investing and trading ideas for our readers. Some reports cover stocks to buy, and others cover stocks to sell or avoid. Below is a list of Wall Streets top analysts upgrades, downgrades and initiations for Wednesday, as follows JPMorgan Chase & Co. (NYSE:JPM) was downgraded to Market Perform from Outperform with an 89 price target at Keefe Bruyette & Woods. The shares have a 52-wk trading range of 52.50 – 88.17. The consensus price target is 87.97. Netflix Inc. (NASDAQ:NFLX) rated a Buy from Neutral with a 152 price target at Mizuho. The 52-wk trading range is 79.95 – 133.93, and the consensus price target is 125.75. Nordstrom Inc. (NYSE:JWN) downgraded to Hold from Buy, but the price target was cut to 40 from 62 at Stifel Nicolaus. The 52-wk trading range is 35.01 – 62.82, and the consensus price target is 53.15. Twitter Inc. (NYSE: TWTR) was downgraded to Neutral from Buy with an 18 price target at UBS. It has a 52-wk trading range of 13.73 – 25.25 and a consensus analyst target of 16.64. Stay tuned…   hold, ideas, JPM, JWN, market, NFLX, price, sell, target, trade, trading, TWTR, Wall Street Wall Street’s Top Analysts Upgrades, Downgrades & Initiations added by Paul Ebeling on January 18, 2017 View all posts by Paul Ebeling → The following two tabs change content below. Bio Latest Posts Paul Ebeling Paul A. Ebeling, polymath, excels in diverse fields of knowledge. Pattern Recognition Analyst in Equities, Commodities and Foreign Exchange and author of “The Red Roadmaster’s Technical Report” on the US Major Market Indices™, a highly regarded, weekly financial market letter, he is also a philosopher, issuing insights on a wide range of subjects to a following of over 250,000 cohorts. An international audience of opinion makers, business leaders, and global organizations recognizes Ebeling as an expert. Latest posts by Paul Ebeling (see all) Stem Cell Treatment is Controversial, The Research Takes Time - January 27, 2017 The Traveling to Japan Steak - January 27, 2017 US Business Spending Up, Boosting Demand for Goods - January 27, 2017 Related posts: Wall Street’s Top Analysts Upgrades, Downgrades & Initiations Wall Street’s Top Analysts Upgrades, Downgrades & Initiations Wall Street’s Top Analysts Upgrades, Downgrades & Initiations Wall Street’s Top Analysts Upgrades, Downgrades & Initiations Subscribe You must be logged in to post comments :   CONNECT WITH Category Specific RSS All Topics Stocks FX Politics Horse Racing Opinion Travel Health FREE HEFFX MEMBERSHIP TODAY Enter Email * First Name * Last Name * Example: Yes, I would like to receive emails from Live Trading News. (You can unsubscribe anytime) By submitting this form, you are granting: heffx, 3 Raffles Place, Singapore, 048617, permission to email you. You may unsubscribe via the link found at the bottom of every email. (See our Email Privacy Policy (http://constantcontact.com/legal/privacy-statement) for details.) Emails are serviced by Constant Contact. Commodities Consulting Contact Us CrowdFunding EB5 Live Trading Room Mergers & Acquisitions Metals Real Estate Investing Trading Copyright 2016 HEFFX.com © 2017, ↑ Live Trading News By Traders For Traders
Our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy have changed. By continuing to use this site, you are agreeing to the new Privacy Policy and Terms of Service. U.S. + International Business Keystone pipeline: How many jobs it would really create World Access Companies Car News Interactives Trumponomics CNNMoney Sport Player ROI Who is..? The Feed CNNMoney Investigates American Opportunity 5 Stunning Stats Growing India Markets CEO who backs Trump: People must be realistic Investing Economy Buzz Fed Focus ETF Center Premarkets Market Movers Dow 30 After-Hours World Markets America's Debt & the Economy Before the Bell New Investor Investing Guide Fear & Greed Tech Microsoft unveils new, nicer chat bot Business Culture Gadgets Future Startups Powering Your World Agility in Action Upstarts Innovative Cities Unhackable 15 Questions Media Personal Finance This company just started offering 6-week sabbaticals Save Spend Ahead Wheels Real Estate Careers Millennials & Money Your Money Homes Calculators Money Moves 24 Hours With Money Essentials My Watch List Loan Center Small Biz Chicago factory's rare mission: Manufacture eyewear in U.S. Startups Empire Women Entrepreneurs Luxury Glide your way through a Phoenix business trip Style Away Rare Drive Wealth Rich Quiz The Collector A Gentleman's Guide Millionaire Calculator Log In Log Out Before the Bell Janet Yellen set to speak; Goldman Sachs earnings; Muddled markets by Alanna Petroff   @AlannaPetroff January 18, 2017: 5:10 AM ET Click chart for in-depth premarket data. 1. Yellen set to speak: Federal Reserve Chair Janet Yellen is scheduled to speak publicly in California on Wednesday. The event kicks off at 3 p.m. ET. Wall Street will be watching to see if Yellen drops hints about how the Fed views plans from President-elect Donald Trump to stimulate the U.S. economy and create jobs. She'll be speaking immediately after the 2 p.m. release of the Fed's Beige Book for January. 2. Earnings: Citigroup (C), Goldman Sachs (GS) and TD Ameritrade (AMTD) are releasing earnings before the open. Investors will look to see if the results match last week's solid reports by JPMorgan Chase (JPM) and Bank of America (BAC). Bank stocks have rallied since the election, boosted by expectations of fewer regulations and rising interest rates when Trump becomes president. Meanwhile, Netflix (NFLX, Tech30) plans to release earnings after the close. Last quarter, the firm announced it had added 3.6 million subscribers, shattering expectations. The company's stock hit an all-time high last week. Before the Bell newsletter: Key market news. In your inbox. Subscribe now! 3. Wilbur Ross hearing: The Senate is holding a hearing Wednesday morning to decide whether to confirm billionaire investor Wilbur Ross as commerce secretary. Ross is known for buying up distressed and failing companies. He made a name for himself acquiring troubled assets in the steel and coal industry, but has focused more on banks since the 2008 financial crisis. The Senate's hearing for Tom Price, Trump's pick to lead the Health and Human Services department, is also on Wednesday. Price, an orthopedic surgeon, is an ardent critic of Obama's Affordable Care Act. 4. Muddled markets: There's a distinct lack of direction in the markets right now. U.S. stock futures are holding steady. European markets are mixed in early trading. Asian markets are ending the day with varied results. This comes after all the major U.S. indexes dipped on Tuesday. Dow Jones industrial average and S&P 500 dropped 0.3%, while the Nasdaq slipped 0.6%. 5. Trump-inspired inflation?: Wall Street is betting Trump's economic plans will push inflation higher. New numbers from the Bureau of Labor Statistics are expected to show that consumer prices rose by about 2% last month compared to the same time last year. The report is out at 8:30 a.m. Download CNN MoneyStream for up-to-the-minute market data and news 6. Coming this week: Wednesday - U.S. Senate hearing to examine Wilbur Ross nomination for Commerce Secretary; Earnings from Citigroup (C), Goldman Sachs (GS) and Netflix (NFLX, Tech30) Thursday - ECB interest rate decision; IBM (IBM, Tech30) and American Express (AXP) earnings Friday - Inauguration Day for President-elect Donald Trump CNNMoney (London) First published January 18, 2017: 5:10 AM ET Comments Social Surge - What's Trending Elizabeth Warren asks why federal Wells Fargo complaint site has vanished Insurers warn: We're outta here with no Obamacare replacement Melania Trump on Vanity Fair Mexico cover at an awkward time Newsletter Sponsored by Key market news. In your inbox. Every morning. Start your day right with the latest news driving global markets, from major stock movers and key economic headlines to important events on the calendar. Daily newsletter, Sunday through Friday. Privacy Policy Contact Us Advertise with Us User Preferences Closed Captioning Content Business Markets Investing Economy Tech Personal Finance Small Business Luxury Media Video Tools Site Map Interactive Job Search Real Estate Search Loan Center Calculators Corrections Market Data Alerts News Alerts Connect My Account Mobile Site & Apps Facebook Twitter LinkedIn YouTube RSS Feeds Newsletters Google+ Most stock quote data provided by BATS. Market indices are shown in real time, except for the DJIA, which is delayed by two minutes. All times are ET. Disclaimer. Morningstar: © 2016 Morningstar, Inc. All Rights Reserved. Factset: FactSet Research Systems Inc. 2016. All rights reserved. Chicago Mercantile Association: Certain market data is the property of Chicago Mercantile Exchange Inc. and its licensors. All rights reserved. Dow Jones: The Dow Jones branded indices are proprietary to and are calculated, distributed and marketed by DJI Opco, a subsidiary of S&P Dow Jones Indices LLC and have been licensed for use to S&P Opco, LLC and CNN. Standard & Poor's and S&P are registered trademarks of Standard & Poor’s Financial Services LLC and Dow Jones is a registered trademark of Dow Jones Trademark Holdings LLC. All content of the Dow Jones branded indices © S&P Dow Jones Indices LLC 2016 and/or its affiliates. © 2016 Cable News Network. A Time Warner Company. All Rights Reserved. Terms under which this service is provided to you. Privacy Policy. .
About Future Staff Contact Privacy Policy Search for: Select Press Releases Home / Press Releases / New MPOWER VP of Financial Operations to Lead Process and Product Development New MPOWER VP of Financial Operations to Lead Process and Product Development Posted on January 18, 2017 by Benzinga Full Feed in Press Releases Conceptual image of a businessman holding big hammer MPOWER today announced further growth in its leadership team with the addition of industry veteran Shasha Geng as Vice President of Financial Operations. In this role, Shasha will lead the company’s process improvement, product management, and customer success efforts. Washington, DC (PRWEB) January 18, 2017 MPOWER today announced further growth in its leadership team with the addition of industry veteran Shasha Geng as Vice President of Financial Operations. In this role, Shasha will lead the company’s process improvement, product management, and customer success efforts. Shasha is an experienced financial services professional with deep expertise in consumer lending. Most recently, she served as a management consultant at Oliver Wyman, where she advised leading financial institutions on strategic initiatives for consumer offerings. Prior to her consulting role, Shasha served as a vice president in Wells Fargo’s home equity division, and worked as a risk management analyst at JPMorgan Chase. She also comes to MPOWER with an extensive knowledge of consumer products through her work with credit cards, deposits, and consumer loans. Shasha holds a B.A. in Economics from Swarthmore College and an M.B.A from INSEAD. “As MPOWER continues to experience more than 30 percent month-over-month growth, we need a seasoned leader who can help us scale and optimize our operations,” said MPOWER CEO and Co-Founder Manu Smadja. “Shasha brings global best practices from top financial services companies. She’s a resourceful and detail-oriented professional who’s motivated to get results. We’re confident her expertise will help drive our financial operations to the next level.” As Vice President of Financial Operations, Shasha will focus on enhancements to the loan process for MPOWER borrowers, resulting in even more efficient and customer-friendly procedures. In addition, she will evaluate and recommend new product offerings that will speak to the full spectrum of borrower needs. Specifically, her day-to-day responsibilities will include guiding loan product design and pricing, helping with new credit product development, strengthening existing processes, and supporting the oversight of MPOWER’s origination and servicing partners. “MPOWER’s a mission-driven organization and that calls out to me personally,” said Shasha. “In addition to helping international students achieve success, my role at MPOWER puts my comprehensive knowledge into practice and allows me run a business line, honing in on execution that will lead to strong company growth.” This appointment rounds out a number of important hires in the past several months, including the addition of Alonso Garza as Chief Investment Officer. For more information about MPOWER and open positions, visit mpowerfinancing.com. ### About MPOWER Financing As a Public Benefit Corporation, MPOWER removes financial barriers to higher education in the U.S. by working with investors and universities to lend to high-promise students at top U.S. universities. In addition to providing students with access to the financial resources necessary to attend and complete college, MPOWER builds students’ credit histories, provides them with personal finance education, and offers gateway financial products to prepare them for life after college. For more information, visit mpowerfinancing.com, or follow MPOWER on Twitter, Facebook, and LinkedIn. For the original version on PRWeb visit: http://www.prweb.com/releases/2017/VPofFinancialOperations/prweb13989052.htm Latest News ADS Controls Acquired by Dixon Valve & Coupling Company Software Company Anahata Announces IRC Location for Open-Source Support New Wax-Only Franchise Opens in Alpharetta, GA Greenberg Traurig’s Shareholder Danielle N. Garno Appointed to the Children’s Home Society of Florida Statewide Board SHAREHOLDER ALERT: Pomerantz Law Firm Reminds Shareholders with Losses on their Investment in General Cable Corporation of Class Action Lawsuit and Upcoming Deadline – BGC SHAREHOLDER ALERT: Pomerantz Law Firm Reminds Shareholders with Losses on their Investment in PayPal Holdings, Inc., eBay, Inc. of Class Action Lawsuit and Upcoming Deadline – PYPL, EBAY SHAREHOLDER ALERT: Pomerantz Law Firm Reminds Shareholders with Losses on their Investment in Rent-A-Center, Inc. of Class Action Lawsuit and Upcoming Deadline – RCII SHAREHOLDER ALERT: Pomerantz Law Firm Reminds Shareholders with Losses on their Investment in Universal Health Services, Inc. of Class Action Lawsuit and Upcoming Deadline – UHS SHAREHOLDER ALERT: Pomerantz Law Firm Reminds Shareholders with Losses on their Investment in Illumina, Inc. of Class Action Lawsuit and Upcoming Deadline – ILMN Green Solar Technologies Announces Partnership with Generac Power Systems © 2015 SSUChronicle. All rights reserved. Top Optimization WordPress Plugins & Solutions by W3 EDGE
