Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance NorthWestern Corp - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for NorthWestern Corp with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Cheniere Energy, Inc. (LNG) Shares Sold by New Century Investment Management Inc. New Century Investment Management Inc. Sells 140 Shares of Waste Management, Inc. (WM) Patterson-UTI Energy, Inc. (PTEN) Shares Sold by Macquarie Group Ltd. Macquarie Group Ltd. Cuts Position in Liberty Global plc – Class C (LBTYK) Macquarie Group Ltd. Has $81,481,000 Position in NorthWestern Corp (NWE) Searle & CO. Takes Position in Praxair, Inc. (PX) Highbridge Capital Management LLC Acquires New Stake in DDR Corp (DDR) Highbridge Capital Management LLC Purchases 219,250 Shares of Sportsman's Warehouse Holdings Inc (SPWH) Philadelphia Trust Co. Has $102,000 Stake in MFS Charter Income Trust (MCR) Manitowoc Company Inc (MTW) Position Increased by Philadelphia Trust Co. Teachers Advisors LLC Sells 236,350 Shares of Tyson Foods, Inc. (TSN) Kentucky Retirement Systems Buys New Stake in Apache Co. (APA) Kentucky Retirement Systems Buys Shares of 23,225 Cardinal Health Inc (CAH) 1,255 Shares in Intuitive Surgical, Inc. (ISRG) Acquired by Kentucky Retirement Systems Insurance Trust Fund Kentucky Retirement Systems Insurance Trust Fund Takes Position in Electronic Arts Inc. (EA) Kentucky Retirement Systems Insurance Trust Fund Invests $747,000 in Corning Incorporated (GLW) Teachers Advisors LLC Has $80,648,000 Position in Ingersoll-Rand PLC (IR) Teachers Advisors LLC Sells 343 Shares of Capital One Financial Corp. (COF) Auxier Asset Management Has $1,529,000 Position in United Parcel Service, Inc. (UPS) HighPoint Advisor Group LLC Cuts Stake in Medtronic plc. (MDT) Macquarie Group Ltd. Has $81,481,000 Position in NorthWestern Corp (NWE) April 2nd, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Patrick Bannon Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Macquarie Group Ltd. boosted its stake in shares of NorthWestern Corp (NYSE:NWE) by 2.0% during the fourth quarter, according to its most recent disclosure with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). The firm owned 1,432,751 shares of the company’s stock after buying an additional 28,501 shares during the period. Macquarie Group Ltd. owned approximately 2.96% of NorthWestern Corp worth $81,481,000 as of its most recent SEC filing. Several other hedge funds have also recently added to or reduced their stakes in the stock. JPMorgan Chase & Co. raised its stake in NorthWestern Corp by 15.0% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 1,745,435 shares of the company’s stock valued at $100,415,000 after buying an additional 227,498 shares during the last quarter. BlackRock Institutional Trust Company N.A. raised its stake in NorthWestern Corp by 18.1% in the third quarter. BlackRock Institutional Trust Company N.A. now owns 1,425,411 shares of the company’s stock valued at $82,004,000 after buying an additional 218,173 shares during the last quarter. Northern Trust Corp raised its stake in NorthWestern Corp by 16.6% in the third quarter. Northern Trust Corp now owns 1,265,931 shares of the company’s stock valued at $72,828,000 after buying an additional 180,113 shares during the last quarter. Westwood Holdings Group Inc. raised its stake in NorthWestern Corp by 1.4% in the fourth quarter. Westwood Holdings Group Inc. now owns 1,229,237 shares of the company’s stock valued at $69,906,000 after buying an additional 16,661 shares during the last quarter. Finally, Dimensional Fund Advisors LP raised its stake in NorthWestern Corp by 0.6% in the fourth quarter. Dimensional Fund Advisors LP now owns 952,880 shares of the company’s stock valued at $54,191,000 after buying an additional 6,130 shares during the last quarter. 98.15% of the stock is owned by institutional investors and hedge funds. The company also recently disclosed a quarterly dividend, which was paid on Friday, March 31st. Stockholders of record on Wednesday, March 15th were paid a dividend of $0.525 per share. This is a boost from NorthWestern Corp’s previous quarterly dividend of $0.50. The ex-dividend date was Monday, March 13th. This represents a $2.10 dividend on an annualized basis and a dividend yield of 3.58%. NorthWestern Corp’s dividend payout ratio (DPR) is presently 59.52%. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY NOTICE: This piece was first published by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are accessing this piece on another publication, it was copied illegally and reposted in violation of United States & international copyright law. The correct version of this piece can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/02/macquarie-group-ltd-has-81481000-position-in-northwestern-corp-nwe.html. Several analysts have commented on NWE shares. Zacks Investment Research raised shares of NorthWestern Corp from a “sell” rating to a “hold” rating in a research report on Wednesday, January 18th. Credit Suisse Group AG started coverage on shares of NorthWestern Corp in a research report on Wednesday, January 25th. They set a “neutral” rating and a $60.00 price target for the company. In other news, VP H. Grahame Heather sold 1,100 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Monday, March 6th. The shares were sold at an average price of $58.63, for a total transaction of $64,493.00. The sale was disclosed in a legal filing with the SEC, which is accessible through this hyperlink. Also, VP Curtis T. Pohl sold 2,900 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Wednesday, March 8th. The stock was sold at an average price of $58.75, for a total transaction of $170,375.00. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Insiders have sold a total of 13,975 shares of company stock worth $816,495 in the last ninety days. Corporate insiders own 1.34% of the company’s stock. About NorthWestern Corp NorthWestern Corporation, doing business as North-Western Energy, provides electricity and natural gas. The Company’s segments are Electric operations, Natural gas operations and All other. As of December 31, 2016, the Company provided electricity and natural gas to approximately 709,600 customers in Montana, South Dakota and Nebraska. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding NWE? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for NorthWestern Corp (NYSE:NWE). Receive News & Ratings for NorthWestern Corp Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for NorthWestern Corp and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Ex-Trump Advisor Michael Flynn Seeking Immunity Challenges on Rollback of Climate Policies to Come President Trump Creating American Innovation Office Republicans in Senate Vote to Repeal Rules on Internet Privacy Sanctuary Cities Being Named by Trump Administration © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
24/7 Wall St. - Insightful Analysis and Commentary for U.S. and Global Equity Investors Search this site Business Aerospace & Defense Autos Banking & Finance Commodities & Metals Consumer Products Energy Healthcare Industrials Infrastructure Media Retail Services Technology Apps & Software Consumer Electronics Telecom & Wireless Apple Inc. Facebook Google Investing Analyst Upgrades Bankruptcy Buffett Corporate Governance Corporate Performance Dividends and Buybacks Earnings ETFs and Mutual Funds International Markets IPOs and Secondaries Mergers and Acquisitions Personal Finance Rumors Value Investing Economy Energy Government Regulation Healthcare Housing Jobs Special Report Brands and Products Cities Countries States The Big Dividend-Paying Banks Have Been Mauled: 4 to Buy Now By Lee Jackson March 29, 2017 10:00 am EDT Print Email Tweet There’s an old saying on Wall Street and it still rings true today: “Stocks go up like an escalator, and down like an elevator.” Boy has that ever been the case for the top banks. While the Trump rally lifted them fast, they had been rising prior, and momentum players started getting involved, so when the sector turned down, it was a nosedive. The Financial Select Sector SPDR Fund (NYSE: XLF) dropped a stunning 10% this month in three short weeks. So where do they go now? Given that consumer confidence is the highest in 16 years and the Federal Reserve will continue to raise interest rates, the outlook for the sector seems positive. We screened the Merrill Lynch research database for bank stocks rated Buy that pay a solid dividend. We found four that look attractive now. Citigroup This top bank is trading at the same level it was in the summer of 2015. Citigroup Inc. (NYSE: C) has approximately 200 million customer accounts and does business in more than 160 countries and jurisdictions. It provides consumers, corporations, governments and institutions with a broad range of financial products and services, including consumer banking and credit, corporate and investment banking, securities brokerage, transaction services and wealth management. Trading at a very cheap 10.7 times estimated 2016 earnings, this stock looks very reasonable in what is becoming a pricey stock market. A continuing stock buyback program at the bank is a positive. The company’s institutional clients group appeared to be holding its ground last quarter, and while guidance when they released the quarter in January was conservative and somewhat disappointing, the stock still appears cheap at this level. Citigroup investors receive a 1.08% dividend. The Merrill Lynch price target for the stock is $64. The Wall Street consensus price objective is $64.11. Shares closed Tuesday at $59.42. [nativounit] JPMorgan This stock trades at a reasonable 13.4 times estimated 2017 forward earnings and could respond good in a rising rate scenario. JPMorgan Chase & Co. (NYSE: JPM) is one of the leading global financial services firms, and one of the largest banking institutions in the United States, with about $2.5 trillion in assets. The company as it is today formed through the merger of retail bank Chase Manhattan and investment bank JPMorgan. The firm has many operating divisions, including investment and corporate banking, asset management, retail financial services, commercial banking, credit cards and financial transaction services. The company reported strong fourth-quarter results, and the Merrill Lynch feels that the company will continue to be able to take advantage of revenue opportunities while staying on a path of improved efficiency. Shareholders receive a 2.26% dividend. Merrill Lynch has a $98 price objective, and the consensus target price is $90.78. The shares closed Tuesday at $88.60. PNC Financial Services This top regional bank was down almost 10% in March but has started to rebound. PNC Financial Services Group Inc. (NYSE: PNC) is one of the country’s largest diversified financial services organizations. It provides retail and business banking; residential mortgage banking; specialized services for corporations and government entities, including corporate banking, real estate finance and asset-based lending; and wealth management and asset management. With consistent earnings growth and a very positive and growing loan portfolio, the company is a premiere super-regional bank stock to own. Wall Street analysts point to numerous positives, including the bank implementing huge cost savings plans. The bank is working on up to $100 million of new savings announced last year, and it is also applauded for outstanding credit/risk management and the limited exposure to the capital markets related areas, while focusing on traditional banking. The stock is on Merrill Lynch’s US 1 list, which represents the company’s highest conviction stock ideas. Shareholders receive a 1.85% dividend. The $132 Merrill Lynch price target compares with the consensus target of $127.81. Shares closed Tuesday at $120.23. Wells Fargo This large cap bank is another stock for investors to look at now for safety, dividends and solid upside potential. Wells Fargo & Co. (NYSE: WFC) is a nationwide, diversified, community-based financial services company with $1.8 trillion in assets. The company provides banking, insurance, investments, mortgage and consumer and commercial finance through 8,700 locations, 12,800 ATMs, the Internet and mobile banking. It also has offices in 36 countries to support customers who conduct business in the global economy. Wells Fargo serves one in three households in the United States. Wells Fargo has slowly, but surely, become one of the biggest mortgage lending companies in the United States, in addition to its normal banking and brokerage businesses. A continued increase in commercial real estate lending could really boost the bank’s bottom line and overall revenue. The stock also remains a top Warren Buffett holding, and he raised his holdings in the bank to 10% on the stock’s weakness last year. With the headline risk from the bank’s very bad account scandal pretty much in the rear-view mirror, investors are once again focusing on the core strengths as continued interest rate increases are a big positive. Shareholders receive a 2.71% dividend. The Merrill Lynch price target is a whopping $65. The consensus target is $58.48, and shares closed on Tuesday at $55.96. I'm interested in the Newsletter Get Newsletter terms and conditions   While the big drops appear to be over, with earnings reporting right around the corner, investors may want to buy partial positions and see how the banks report first-quarter numbers. By Lee Jackson « Android to Overtake Apple iOS in App Sales This Year Tuesday’s Top Biopharma Movers » Read more: Banking & Finance, Dividends and Buybacks, featured, Citigroup Inc (NYSE:C), JPMorgan Chase & Co. (NYSE:JPM), PNC Financial Services (NYSE:PNC), Wells Fargo (NYSE:WFC) Free Daily Newsletter Subscribe Terms & Conditions Sponsors Popular 25 Worst Tasting Beers in America Most Educated City in Each State The Richest Town in Every State Youngest County in Every State The Biggest Company the Year You Were Born Recent Over 3,000 Tickets Available For NCAA Men’s Basketball Championship Tesla Delivers Over 25,000 Cars In First Quarter Insider Buying Steady as Q1 Closes: Sears, Ford, Continental Resources, Fifth Street Finance and More What You Must Know Before Subscribing to a VPN Get Quote for: Symbol Lookup Search 3 Mortgage Facts That May Surprise You Don't Let These Mistakes Take a Bite Out of Your Retirement Savings OptionsHouse vs. TradeKing: Better Broker for an IRA? North Carolina to face Gonzaga in NCAA men's basketball championship Monday night Rare 1804 silver dollar fetches nearly $3.3M in record-breaking coin collection auction: AP Ford recalls 53,000 2017 F-250 trucks because they can roll even when parked: AP New Breakout Stocks Zacks Rank #1 (Strong Buy) Can Raymond James Financial (RJF) Stock Continue to Grow Earnings? Top Ranked Income Stocks to Buy for March 31st Stocks start second quarter on firm note, U.S. policy in focus as Trump-Xi talks loom Apple sparks row with pledge to drop Imagination Tech graphics Tesla delivers quarterly record of 25,000 vehicles in first quarter Asian markets gain on Japan data, awaiting US-China meeting Senate Panel Expected to Approve Trump's Supreme Court Pick Oil Falls on Oversupply Worries Attorney For Bill O’Reilly Accuser Calls Fox News ‘The Bill Cosby Of Corporate America’ Billionaire Mark Cuban Says Trump's Too Clueless To Collude With Russia Ivanka Trump Keeping Stake In D.C. Hotel Despite White House Role, Filings Show Home About Us Disclaimer and Terms of Use Privacy Policy Contact Us Advertise AOL-HuffPost Money & Finance ©2017 24/7 Wall St. | Powered by WordPress.com VIP
Home About us Newspaper Subscription Languages Bulgarian Chinese Czech French German Hebrew Indonesian Italian Japanese Korean Persian Portuguese Romanian Russian Slovak Spanish Swedish Turkish Ukrainian Vietnamese Epoch Taste New York NY News Orange County NY NY Politics NYC Dining This is New York NYC City Life China China-US News Chinese Regime Business & Economy Chinese Culture China Human Rights China Society Nine Commentaries Organ Harvesting in China Hong Kong US US News US Features Politics Crime and Incidents World Africa Americas Asia & Pacific Canada Europe India International Middle East Opinion Thinking About China Viewpoints The Reader’s Turn Business Companies Economies Markets Real Estate Tech Tech News Tech Products & Reviews Tips & Tricks Social Media Gaming Science News Beyond Science Space Environment Archaeology Health News Fitness & Nutrition Traditional Chinese Medicine Alternative Health Treatments & Techniques Health Videos Food Food News Recipes Drinks Arts Shen Yun Special Coverage Featured Topic: The Classics Performing Arts Fine Arts Literature Entertainment Film Reviews Film & TV Entertainment News Korean Trends Life Slice of Life Good to Know Inspired Home Autos Personal Finance Careers Family Education Green Living Travel Style Sports NFL Baseball NBA College Sports Tennis Soccer Hockey Motorsports Cycling Galleries Video Entertainment Health Science & Tech China Life Moments Animal Sports Fashion & Beuaty Food Travel Autos Programs China Uncensored Off the Great Wall Learn Chinese Now Asian Beauty Secrets Food Paradise Epoch Forum More Subscribe Advertise About Us Contact Us Print Editions RSS Feeds Terms of Service Privacy Policy Copyright Policy Sections Search Our Brands ×Close Subscribe PRINT EDITION NEWSLETTERS Epoch Times on Twitter Epoch Times on Facebook Markets Auto Loan Market Fears Mounting Markets Auto Loan Market Fears Mounting Subprime delinquency rates approach peak crisis levels By Fan Yu, Epoch Times | April 2, 2017 AT 6:38 PM Last Updated: April 2, 2017 7:37 pm Shoppers at a car dealership in Hollywood, Fla. (Photo by Joe Raedle/Getty Images) After several years of growth since the 2008 financial crisis, the auto loan market—traditionally a staple of the U.S. economy—could face severe challenges in the near future.  Investors are worried about a bubble in the auto loan industry, especially among subprime borrowers with lower credit scores. J.P. Morgan Chase CEO Jamie Dimon signaled an advanced warning last year, calling the auto-lending market “stretched” at an industry conference in May 2016. Industry data trends have since further deteriorated. A confluence of factors are contributing to growing concerns over the auto loan industry, including a record number of new loans, growing delinquency rates, and declining used-car value. There is currently a record number of outstanding auto loans. American consumers have been on a car-buying spree since the last economic recession, encouraged by the federal “Cash for Clunkers” rebate program that began in 2009, a recent decline in gasoline prices, and the prevailing low-interest-rate environment. Consumers bought 17.5 million new vehicles in 2016—a new annual record, according to auto industry data website Edmunds. Auto loans exceeded the $1 trillion mark last year for the first time, ending the year at $1.16 trillion, according to the Federal Reserve Bank of New York. The balance of loans was more than 63 percent higher than that at the end of 2010. $142 billion in auto loans were issued by lenders in the fourth quarter, making 2016 the highest in auto loan issuance in 18 years of tracking such data by the New York Fed. (Source: The Federal Reserve Bank of New York) Warning Signs While total auto loans increased across the board last year, the largest growth has come from consumers with the riskiest credit profiles. Loans given to the least credit-worthy consumers—deep subprime (those with FICO credit rating scores below 500) and subprime (501 to 600)—increased 15 percent and 9 percent respectively last year. Those figures far surpassed the growth of loans to prime (those with high credit scores) and super prime consumers, according to data from Experian, a leading credit agency. Related Coverage Online Lenders: The ‘Modern-Day Loan Sharks’ As expected, larger loans given to lower quality borrowers have increased rates of delinquency. Auto loan delinquency rates grew in the fourth quarter of 2016—3.8 percent of all outstanding auto loans were 90 or more days overdue, or 0.2 percent above the previous quarter, according to the Quarterly Report on Household Debt and Credit issued by the New York Fed in February. Data from Morgan Stanley also supports this trend. Delinquencies among subprime borrowers were 4.5 percent at the end of 2016, approaching levels at the peak of the 2008 financial crisis, according to the bank’s research. Auto loan delinquency and default rates over time. (Source: Morgan Stanley) ‘Underwater’ Loans It might be unwise to draw too many parallels between today’s auto loan market and the subprime mortgage market before the financial crisis. Auto loans as a whole make up a much smaller proportion of household debt than mortgages, and a deterioration shouldn’t trigger systemic issues in the economy. However, auto loans are also fundamentally different from mortgages, and in certain ways more problematic. A widely held view prior to the financial crisis, which arguably has some merit, was that if a borrower defaults on a mortgage, the lender can repossess the house and still sell it at a price that allows the lender to recover majority of the loan. While that’s still no guarantee, as witnessed during the 2008 crisis, one can ordinarily expect prices to remain stable or rise. While both auto loans and mortgages are secured by the underlying asset, the same recovery assumption does not apply to auto loans, because a car is almost always a rapidly depreciating asset. Historically, this hasn’t been an issue because auto loan durations are relatively short and amortize quickly. Related Coverage Creative Destruction Versus Government Fixes That’s no longer the case. To keep monthly payments low and move inventory, lenders have increased the length of loans. “The number of consumers opting for auto loans with terms of 73 to 84 months on their new vehicles increased from 29 percent in Q4 2015 to 32.1 percent in Q4 2016,” said Experian. A similar trend occurred for used cars, with the percentage of long-term loans increasing “from 16.4 percent in Q4 2015 to 18.2 percent in Q4 2016.” This trend has increased the likelihood that cars are worth less than the amount owed on the loan. The number of “underwater” car loans with negative equity has increased. Rating agency Moody’s Investors Service summed up the recent auto industry buying trend perfectly: “an accommodative lending environment has allowed car buyers to purchase a new car while simultaneously rolling negative equity from a prior loan balance into a new loan. This is achieved with longer loan terms, higher loan to values, and higher interest rates which creates a ‘trade-in treadmill’ where car buyers are in a cycle of regularly renewing their loans at increased negative equity at trade-in.” As lenders increase their mix of longer-term loans, loss severities will undoubtedly rise and so could defaults. — S&P To make matters worse, used car prices are falling. The recent surge in leasing vehicles has led to a glut of previously leased vehicles appearing on the used-car market, pushing prices downward and further widening the negative equity gap.  Last week, the National Automotive Dealers Association (NADA) said that its benchmark used-car price index, which tracks the price of used vehicles up to eight years old, declined 8 percent in February from the previous year. Overall, used car prices are now at their lowest levels since 2010, according to NADA.  Higher Losses These trends are ultimately bad news for lenders and investors holding auto-loan asset-backed securities, whose losses could pile up if more borrowers default and used car prices remain depressed. The value of repossessed vehicles on the used car market could be significantly below the remaining cost of the auto loan. Some lenders have already felt the sting. Ally Financial, a leading U.S. specialty finance company and one of the biggest auto lenders, provided updated guidance on first quarter performance on March 22, with expected loan loss provisions of between $280 million to $290 million. That would be a 32 percent increase in expected loan losses compared to the same period in 2016. Ally partially attributed the higher loan losses to “delayed tax refunds and lower credit tier performance” in its guidance presentation, alluding to a new IRS rule that delays refunds to Americans who claim the earned income tax credit generally given to low income households. This delay in tax refund could disproportionately hurt subprime borrowers who make up an increasingly larger pool of recent auto purchases. “We believe losses will trend higher in 2017 with lower recovery rates as a main culprit,” S&P noted in a report. “Further, as lenders increase their mix of longer-term loans, loss severities will undoubtedly rise and so could defaults because the loans are outstanding longer and more exposed to adverse changes in borrower credit.” The stock market has already reacted. Shares of Ally decreased 9.8 percent during the month of March. Shares of Santander Consumer USA and Capital One Financial, two other leading auto lenders, dropped 9.9 percent and 7.7 percent respectively in the same period. With first quarter earnings season around the corner, investors will soon feel the severity of ongoing issues within the auto loan sector. Editor’s Picks Resisting the Tide of Opioid Addiction Creative Destruction Versus Government Fixes Online Lenders: The ‘Modern-Day Loan Sharks’ Receive Our Epoch 10 Newsletter Important stories from around the world, in your inbox daily. More in MarketsWall St. Rises as Healthcare Bill Vote AwaitedSmall Business Marketing: Online Grocery ShoppingBitcoin on FireSmall Business Marketing: Moms and Technology Latest in Business Markets Wall St. Rises as Healthcare Bill Vote Awaited Economies Diana Choyleva: China Is Getting Serious About Reform Companies America’s Rising Business Optimism Canada Canada’s Budget 2017 Innovation Push Draws Skepticism Amid Praise Companies Sears Warns of ‘Going Concern’ Doubts Markets Small Business Marketing: Online Grocery Shopping Economies Trump’s Budget Versus the Debt Ceiling Companies Too Much Debt Too Little Investment, the Trouble With Traditional Retailers Economies US Fed Chair Yellen: ‘We Have Plenty of Time to See What Happens’ × close Subscribe Advertise About Us Contact Us Print Editions RSS Feeds Terms of Service Privacy Policy Copyright Policy Copyright © 2000- Top
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance RBC Bearings Incorporated - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for RBC Bearings Incorporated with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Thrivent Financial for Lutherans Continues to Hold Stake in RBC Bearings Incorporated (ROLL) Thrivent Financial for Lutherans Increases Stake in MB Financial Inc (MBFI) Thrivent Financial for Lutherans Boosts Stake in Hess Corp. (HES) Thrivent Financial for Lutherans Boosts Position in ViaSat, Inc. (VSAT) Meredith Co. (MDP) Position Held by Teachers Retirement System of The State of Kentucky Menora Mivtachim Holdings LTD. Increases Stake in Oracle Co. (ORCL) Altria Group Inc (MO) Stake Maintained by Denver Investment Advisors LLC AQR Capital Management LLC Sells 2,154 Shares of MicroStrategy Incorporated (MSTR) Gold Fields Limited (GFI) Given Consensus Recommendation of “Hold” by Brokerages Brokerages Set 8Point3 Energy Partners LP (CAFD) PT at $17.42 Marks and Spencer Group Plc (MKS) Receives GBX 381.84 Average PT from Brokerages Fiserv Inc (FISV) Given Average Rating of “Hold” by Brokerages Waste Management, Inc. (WM) Shares Bought by UBS Asset Management Americas Inc. Perigon Wealth Management LLC Purchases Shares of 3,031 Novo Nordisk A/S (NVO) Brokerages Set Ferrellgas Partners, L.P. (FGP) Target Price at $11.67 Restaurant Brands International Inc (QSR) Given Average Rating of “Hold” by Analysts Halma plc (HLMA) Receives Consensus Recommendation of “Hold” from Brokerages RMB Capital Management LLC Invests $1,157,000 in Hexcel Co. (HXL) RMB Capital Management LLC Has $985,000 Stake in Constellium NV (CSTM) Raymond James Financial, Inc. (RJF) Shares Bought by Quadrature Capital Ltd Thrivent Financial for Lutherans Continues to Hold Stake in RBC Bearings Incorporated (ROLL) April 2nd, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Tyrone Williams Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Thrivent Financial for Lutherans held its stake in shares of RBC Bearings Incorporated (NASDAQ:ROLL) during the fourth quarter, according to its most recent Form 13F filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission. The institutional investor owned 6,190 shares of the company’s stock at the end of the fourth quarter. Thrivent Financial for Lutherans’ holdings in RBC Bearings were worth $574,000 as of its most recent filing with the SEC. Several other large investors also recently modified their holdings of the company. Wells Fargo & Company MN boosted its stake in shares of RBC Bearings by 11.3% in the third quarter. Wells Fargo & Company MN now owns 549,012 shares of the company’s stock worth $41,989,000 after buying an additional 55,951 shares during the period. JPMorgan Chase & Co. boosted its stake in shares of RBC Bearings by 13.8% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 1,004,454 shares of the company’s stock worth $76,821,000 after buying an additional 121,662 shares during the period. BlackRock Institutional Trust Company N.A. boosted its stake in shares of RBC Bearings by 3.3% in the third quarter. BlackRock Institutional Trust Company N.A. now owns 588,714 shares of the company’s stock worth $45,025,000 after buying an additional 18,991 shares during the period. United Services Automobile Association boosted its stake in shares of RBC Bearings by 4.1% in the third quarter. United Services Automobile Association now owns 37,714 shares of the company’s stock worth $2,884,000 after buying an additional 1,500 shares during the period. Finally, Envestnet Asset Management Inc. boosted its stake in shares of RBC Bearings by 6.1% in the fourth quarter. Envestnet Asset Management Inc. now owns 23,279 shares of the company’s stock worth $2,159,000 after buying an additional 1,337 shares during the period. Shares of RBC Bearings Incorporated (NASDAQ:ROLL) opened at 97.09 on Friday. The firm has a 50-day moving average price of $92.97 and a 200-day moving average price of $84.92. The stock has a market capitalization of $2.29 billion, a PE ratio of 33.72 and a beta of 1.17. RBC Bearings Incorporated has a 1-year low of $67.99 and a 1-year high of $99.92. RBC Bearings (NASDAQ:ROLL) last released its earnings results on Wednesday, February 8th. The company reported $0.73 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, topping the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of $0.71 by $0.02. RBC Bearings had a return on equity of 11.32% and a net margin of 11.01%. The company had revenue of $146.70 million for the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $147.66 million. During the same quarter in the previous year, the firm posted $0.73 EPS. The firm’s quarterly revenue was up 1.7% on a year-over-year basis. On average, equities research analysts forecast that RBC Bearings Incorporated will post $3.16 earnings per share for the current year. WARNING: “Thrivent Financial for Lutherans Continues to Hold Stake in RBC Bearings Incorporated (ROLL)” was reported by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are accessing this article on another website, it was illegally stolen and reposted in violation of US and international trademark and copyright laws. The original version of this article can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/02/thrivent-financial-for-lutherans-continues-to-hold-stake-in-rbc-bearings-incorporated-roll.html. ROLL has been the subject of a number of analyst reports. Zacks Investment Research upgraded RBC Bearings from a “hold” rating to a “strong-buy” rating and set a $108.00 price objective for the company in a research note on Thursday, January 5th. William Blair upgraded RBC Bearings from a “market perform” rating to an “outperform” rating in a research note on Monday, December 12th. In other RBC Bearings news, insider Michael J. Hartnett sold 23,472 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Wednesday, March 1st. The stock was sold at an average price of $95.20, for a total transaction of $2,234,534.40. The transaction was disclosed in a legal filing with the SEC, which is accessible through this hyperlink. Insiders have sold a total of 54,896 shares of company stock worth $5,199,035 in the last quarter. 4.40% of the stock is currently owned by insiders. RBC Bearings Company Profile RBC Bearings Incorporated is an international manufacturer and marketer of engineered precision bearings and products, which are integral to the manufacture and operation of machines, aircraft and mechanical systems. The Company operates through four segments: Plain Bearings; Roller Bearings; Ball Bearings, and Engineered Products. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding ROLL? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for RBC Bearings Incorporated (NASDAQ:ROLL). Receive News & Ratings for RBC Bearings Incorporated Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for RBC Bearings Incorporated and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Ex-Trump Advisor Michael Flynn Seeking Immunity Challenges on Rollback of Climate Policies to Come President Trump Creating American Innovation Office Republicans in Senate Vote to Repeal Rules on Internet Privacy Sanctuary Cities Being Named by Trump Administration © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Sections Search Help/Info Subscribe: Digital | Home Delivery Subscribe Help/Info     Breaking News Bar   Business posted: 4/2/2017 7:17 AM Sluggish bank lending vs. Trump's pro-growth agenda Facebook Twitter 200 Email Print Comments 0 hello Article to: (required) Article from: (required) Add a message (optional) Success - Article sent! close Commercial bank credit rose by an annualized 4.2 percent in the week ending March 15, down from an almost 8 percent rate last year, according to analysis by JPMorgan Chase & Co. (AP Photo/Bebeto Matthews, FILE)   Tracy Alloway, Sid Verma and Julie Verhage Bloomberg     A slowdown in bank lending is turning into ground zero for a debate over the growing gap between economic hope and reality in the wake of Donald Trump's U.S. election win. The deceleration in loans made to companies and consumers has befuddled some analysts who worry that the worst growth rate in about six years bodes ill for the U.S. recovery at a time when expectations remain high. With credit acting as the lubricant for economic expansion, solving the mystery of the downturn has gained fresh urgency as investors wait to find out if the enthusiasm tied to Trump's pro-growth agenda will translate into a tangible boost. "One of the stories for optimism at the start of the year was that the gain in confidence and financial market deregulation would spur a rebound in credit creation," said Michelle Meyer, economist at Bank of America Corp. "Surprisingly, the data show the opposite." Commercial bank credit rose by an annualized 4.2 percent in the week ending March 15, down from an almost 8 percent rate last year, according to analysis by JPMorgan Chase & Co. Commercial and industrial loans have seen the biggest slowdown, rising by only $67 billion over the past 12 months, compared with $191 billion over the course of 2016 in a sharp reversal of a multiyear trend that has seen such lending surge to a record $2.1 trillion of outstanding loans. Ask bank managers what the problem is and you'll get a lot of theories: Regulators have been eyeing underwriting standards in the wake of the lending boom, a shortage of qualified workers is preventing businesses from expanding, the rout in oil prices stymied demand, bank loans have been competing with a booming bond market, and of course, interest rates have been rising. But high up on the expansive list is the simple idea that it takes time for a more cheerful mood to materialize in actual activity. "I would tell you that there is a huge amount of optimism out in the marketplace and I believe that it's going to be translating into a substantially higher loan growth as we head through the year," said Kelly King, chief executive of BB&T, in response to analyst queries. The lending cool down contrasts with surveys taking the pulse of the U.S. economy -- figures released on Tuesday showed consumer confidence jumping to its highest level in more than 16 years, fueling questions over the growing gap between "hard" and "soft" economic data that has opened up since November. "There have been a few troubling signs recently, particularly around loan growth that is consistent with this idea that business may be waiting for policy change and in the near term we could actually hit an air pocket in the U.S. economy where businesses are on the sidelines, and we get a period of slower growth," said Paul Eitelman, strategist at Russell Investments, adding that executives need to see the Trump administration deliver on its policy promises before they can ramp up investment. Corporate credit analysts at UBS Group share that concern, blaming a potent mix of political uncertainty, rising rates and historically-high corporate borrowings for reduced demand for company loans. Companies have taken advantage of years of low interest rates and yield-hungry investors to load up on debt in a wide variety of forms. "Anecdotes abound today that high leverage is altering real economic decisions. Companies today want to be sure that growth and tax policy will be tail winds, before committing capital to work," wrote analysts led by Stephen Caprio. "Simply put, the buffer for a miscalculation is not there for levered firms." Josh Rosner, bank analyst at Graham Fisher & Co., worries that the dip in lending may herald the long-awaited turn of the credit cycle after years of growth. He notes that more loans on bank balance sheets have been souring this year, which may spur them to try to offload non-performers to specialist funds and investors. "It appears that, with rates low, banks have been able to refinance loans of weaker credits to support performance," he wrote in a note published on Wednesday. "Having scraped the bottom of the borrower-quality barrel it is likely that as rates rise, or liquidity is reduced, delinquencies and defaults will begin to rise as fewer credits will be able to be rolled." Others are far more sanguine. While slowdowns in bank lending do tend to coincide with recessions, there have been some instances of it softening in the midst of an economic expansion, according to economists led by Jan Hatzius at Goldman Sachs and Daniel Silver at JPMorgan. The downturn in commercial and industrial bank loans is a "classic 'rearview mirror' indicator of slowing economic conditions from late 2015 and early 2016, and as such doesn't provide any insights into future economic conditions," said Chris Watling, chief strategist at Longview Economics, an independent research firm. What's more, expectations of future credit conditions are bullish, presaging a likely uptick in corporate demand for loans in the coming months, according to Longview. Only a net 3 percent of U.S. businesses expect credit conditions to deteriorate, for example, according to a February survey from the National Federation for Independent Business. That's the strongest expression of confidence on credit conditions since 2004 -- businesses are routinely negative on the credit outlook -- and compares with a long-term average of 7.2 percent. Whatever the cause of the slowdown, investors won't have to wait long to find out if it's a temporary blip or something more profound. A model by Bloomberg Macro Strategist Cameron Crise that smooths changes in sentiment surveys suggests the drop in lending is reaching its nadir. At Bank of America, Meyer sees a three-quarter lag between improving consumer confidence and credit growth based on historic correlations, which would mark early 2018 as the market's moment of truth. "This means the potential improvement in the economy, as indicated by the strong surveys, is more a story for the next year than this year," she said. --- Bloomberg's Felice Maranz and Matthew Boesler contributed. Tweet This article filed under: Business Finance Politics Bloomberg Article Comments () Guidelines: Keep it civil and on topic; no profanity, vulgarity, slurs or personal attacks. People who harass others or joke about tragedies will be blocked. If a comment violates these standards or our terms of service, click the X in the upper right corner of the comment box. To find our more, read our FAQ. News Sports Business Entertainment Lifestyle Opinion Follow Us Facebook Twitter Google+ Pinterest LinkedIn YouTube About Us Subscribe | Customer Services | Feedback | Advertise | Jobs at Daily Herald | Terms of Service | Privacy Policy | Copyright © 2017 Paddock Publications, Inc.   Winner - 2015 Best Website Illinois Press Association Sections Search Help/Info close Home» Today's stories E-Edition Photos Videos Communities Weather Latest Weekly Ads Sponsored Content 2016 Readers' Choice Daily Herald Events and Contests News» Cook County DuPage County Kane County Lake County McHenry County Crime Chicago State & Region Nation & World Obituaries Politics Sports» High School Bears Blackhawks Bulls Cubs White Sox Horse Racing Fire Sky Wolves Prep Basketball Prep Football Business» Stocks & Markets Finance Health Technology Real Estate Foreclosures Property Transfers Industry Insights Community Publications Progress 2015 Entertainment» Celebrities Movies Dining Literature Music Puzzles Television Theater Events Calendar Suburban Chicago's Got Talent Short & Sweet Theater Reviews Oaklee's Family Guide Lifestyle» Food Health & Fitness Home & Garden Suburban Parent Travel Classic Cars Motorcycling Celebrations Cook of the Week Challenge Fittest Loser Room for Living Oaklee's Family Guide Opinion» Letters to the Editor Editorials Classifieds» Place an Ad Autos Real Estate Jobs Property Transfers Merchandise for Sale Business Service Directory Garage Sales Announcements Legal Notices Obituaries» Recent Obituaries Search Obituaries Place an Obituary Shopping» Today's Ads Weekly Sales Flyers Local Businesses Garage Sales Search DailyHerald.com for articles More ways to search Daily Herald Obituaries Search DailyHerald.com obituaries. » Daily Herald newspaper archive Find archived newspaper articles back to 1901. » Digital Subscriptions Activate Subscriber Access Purchase a Digital Subscription Home Delivery Start a New Subscription Manage Account
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Visa Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Visa Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Anthem Inc (ANTM) Shares Sold by GSA Capital Partners LLP Janus Capital Management LLC Increases Stake in International Business Machines Corp. (IBM) SRS Capital Advisors Inc. Takes Position in Visa Inc (V) 6,300 Shares in Jack Henry & Associates, Inc. (JKHY) Acquired by Two Sigma Investments LP Novadaq Technologies Inc. (NVDQ) Stake Raised by Two Sigma Investments LP 44,782 Shares in El Pollo LoCo Holdings Inc (LOCO) Acquired by Two Sigma Investments LP 55,917 Shares in Iridium Communications Inc (IRDM) Acquired by Two Sigma Investments LP Roundview Capital LLC Raises Stake in Home Depot Inc (HD) Gardner Lewis Asset Management L P Has $11,218,000 Stake in Alphabet Inc (GOOG) Alphabet Inc (GOOG) Position Cut by Davy Asset Management Ltd Envestnet Asset Management Inc. Buys 161 Shares of Applied Industrial Technologies (AIT) Albany International Corp. (AIN) Stake Boosted by Envestnet Asset Management Inc. Archon Partners LLC Has $7,582,000 Position in Facebook Inc (FB) Menta Capital LLC Raises Stake in Cisco Systems, Inc. (CSCO) 4,215 Shares in Alphabet Inc (GOOGL) Acquired by Cpcm LLC AlphaOne Investment Services LLC Decreases Position in Alphabet Inc (GOOGL) Zacks: Biglari Holdings Inc (BH) Receives Average Recommendation of “” from Brokerages Shelton Capital Management Sells 16,070 Shares of Chevron Co. (CVX) Genovese Burford & Brothers Wealth & Retirement Plan Management LLC Has $171,000 Stake in Pfizer Inc. (PFE) Renaissance Technologies LLC Reduces Stake in Ralph Lauren Corp (RL) SRS Capital Advisors Inc. Takes Position in Visa Inc (V) April 2nd, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Trevor Kearing Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet SRS Capital Advisors Inc. bought a new stake in Visa Inc (NYSE:V) during the fourth quarter, according to its most recent 13F filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission. The firm bought 2,052 shares of the credit-card processor’s stock, valued at approximately $160,000. A number of other large investors have also recently bought and sold shares of the company. State Street Corp raised its stake in shares of Visa by 2.6% in the fourth quarter. State Street Corp now owns 82,748,981 shares of the credit-card processor’s stock worth $6,456,063,000 after buying an additional 2,111,820 shares during the last quarter. BlackRock Institutional Trust Company N.A. raised its stake in shares of Visa by 0.5% in the third quarter. BlackRock Institutional Trust Company N.A. now owns 51,126,744 shares of the credit-card processor’s stock worth $4,228,182,000 after buying an additional 239,481 shares during the last quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. raised its stake in shares of Visa by 3.7% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 29,495,466 shares of the credit-card processor’s stock worth $2,441,561,000 after buying an additional 1,061,427 shares during the last quarter. BlackRock Fund Advisors raised its stake in shares of Visa by 3.7% in the third quarter. BlackRock Fund Advisors now owns 27,427,533 shares of the credit-card processor’s stock worth $2,268,257,000 after buying an additional 967,565 shares during the last quarter. Finally, Edgewood Management LLC raised its stake in shares of Visa by 1.0% in the fourth quarter. Edgewood Management LLC now owns 11,880,171 shares of the credit-card processor’s stock worth $926,891,000 after buying an additional 119,292 shares during the last quarter. Institutional investors own 80.14% of the company’s stock. Shares of Visa Inc (NYSE:V) opened at 88.87 on Friday. The firm has a market cap of $206.54 billion, a PE ratio of 34.45 and a beta of 1.00. The firm has a 50-day moving average of $88.59 and a 200 day moving average of $83.10. Visa Inc has a 52 week low of $73.25 and a 52 week high of $92.05. Visa (NYSE:V) last announced its earnings results on Thursday, February 2nd. The credit-card processor reported $0.86 earnings per share for the quarter, beating analysts’ consensus estimates of $0.78 by $0.08. The business had revenue of $4.46 billion for the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $4.29 billion. Visa had a net margin of 38.30% and a return on equity of 26.48%. Visa’s quarterly revenue was up 25.1% on a year-over-year basis. During the same period last year, the firm posted $0.69 earnings per share. Equities research analysts predict that Visa Inc will post $3.32 EPS for the current fiscal year. The business also recently announced a quarterly dividend, which was paid on Tuesday, March 7th. Investors of record on Friday, February 17th were paid a $0.165 dividend. This represents a $0.66 dividend on an annualized basis and a yield of 0.74%. The ex-dividend date of this dividend was Wednesday, February 15th. Visa’s dividend payout ratio is currently 26.09%. TRADEMARK VIOLATION WARNING: This piece of content was first published by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are viewing this piece of content on another site, it was stolen and reposted in violation of US and international copyright law. The original version of this piece of content can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/02/srs-capital-advisors-inc-takes-position-in-visa-inc-v.html. V has been the topic of several recent research reports. Deutsche Bank AG reiterated a “buy” rating and issued a $103.00 price target on shares of Visa in a research note on Tuesday, March 14th. Sanford C. Bernstein reiterated an “outperform” rating and issued a $104.00 price target on shares of Visa in a research note on Saturday, March 11th. Jefferies Group LLC set a $96.00 price target on shares of Visa and gave the company a “buy” rating in a research note on Saturday, March 25th. Cowen and Company reiterated an “outperform” rating and issued a $100.00 price target on shares of Visa in a research note on Monday, March 27th. Finally, Vetr upgraded shares of Visa from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $93.85 price target on the stock in a research note on Monday, March 20th. Two equities research analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating, thirty have assigned a buy rating and one has assigned a strong buy rating to the company. Visa currently has an average rating of “Buy” and a consensus target price of $94.17. In related news, SVP James H. Hoffmeister sold 11,139 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Tuesday, February 7th. The shares were sold at an average price of $85.95, for a total value of $957,397.05. Following the sale, the senior vice president now directly owns 6,390 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $549,220.50. The sale was disclosed in a legal filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is available at the SEC website. Also, EVP William M. Sheedy sold 125,372 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Monday, February 6th. The shares were sold at an average price of $85.74, for a total transaction of $10,749,395.28. Following the completion of the sale, the executive vice president now directly owns 365,769 shares in the company, valued at $31,361,034.06. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Company insiders own 0.14% of the company’s stock. Visa Company Profile Visa Inc (Visa) is a payments technology company that connects consumers, merchants, financial institutions, businesses, strategic partners and government entities to electronic payments. The Company operates through payment services segment. The Company enables global commerce through the transfer of value and information among the participants. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding V? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Visa Inc (NYSE:V). Receive News & Ratings for Visa Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Visa Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Ex-Trump Advisor Michael Flynn Seeking Immunity Challenges on Rollback of Climate Policies to Come President Trump Creating American Innovation Office Republicans in Senate Vote to Repeal Rules on Internet Privacy Sanctuary Cities Being Named by Trump Administration © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
About US Contact US Client Login Registration Monday April 3rd, 2017 Languages English French Language German Language Italian Language Portuguese Language Spanish Language Latest Intel MIL Analysis-Reportage UBS publishes agenda for the Annual General Meeting of UBS Group AG on 4 May 2017 By Foreign Affairs Publisher  /  April 3, 2017  /  Comments Off on UBS publishes agenda for the Annual General Meeting of UBS Group AG on 4 May 2017       Print       Email MIL OSI Global Economy – Source: UBS Headline: UBS publishes agenda for the Annual General Meeting of UBS Group AG on 4 May 2017 Zurich, 3 April 2017 – The Board of Directors of UBS Group AG is proposing Julie G. Richardson for election as a new member of the Board of Directors for a one-year term. Julie G. Richardson (born 1963) was a Partner and Head of the New York Office of Providence Equity Partners from 2003 to 2012, a global private equity firm specializing in equity investments in media, communications, education and information companies. She acted as a senior advisor to the partnership until 2014. From 1998 to 2003, Julie G. Richardson served as Vice Chairman of JPMorgan Chase & Co.’s Investment Banking division and Head of its Global Telecommunications, Media and Technology group. She started her career with Merrill Lynch in 1986, where she worked until 1998, in her last position as Managing Director Media and Communications Investment Banking. Julie G. Richardson graduated with a bachelor’s degree in business administration from the University of Wisconsin-Madison. Chairman of the UBS Board of Directors Axel Weber: “I am delighted to announce the nomination of Julie G. Richardson for election to the Board of Directors. We are convinced she has the specialist knowledge required to strengthen the UBS Board of Directors and – subject to her election – will provide invaluable skills, experience and expertise.” Joseph Yam has decided to step down from the Board of Directors at this year’s Annual General Meeting (AGM) for personal reasons. He has been a member of the Board since 2011 and was a member of the Corporate Culture and Responsibility Committee and the Risk Committee. Chairman Axel Weber, said: “Joseph Yam’s experience as a former regulator in the vital Asian market brought important impetus to the Board, where he engaged actively for a sustainable strategy. The Board thanks him for his valuable collaboration.” Chairman Axel Weber and the other members of the Board of Directors will stand for re-election for a further one-year term. Dividend proposal The UBS Group AG Board of Directors intends to propose to shareholders an ordinary dividend of CHF 0.60 per share for the financial year 2016, unchanged compared with the previous year. Proposals for compensation of the Board of Directors and the Group Executive Board At the AGM 2017, shareholders will be asked to vote on the variable compensation for the Group Executive Board for 2016, the fixed compensation for the Group Executive Board for 2018 and the compensation for the Board of Directors for the period from the AGM 2017 to the AGM 2018. As in previous years, there will also be an advisory vote by shareholders on the current compensation report, which outlines UBS’s compensation strategy and principles, governance and practice. The advisory vote and the binding votes on compensation provide the Board of Directors with valuable feedback on the firm’s compensation policy and reflect its commitment to transparent say-on-pay for shareholders.     Print       Email Published: 1 min ago on April 3, 2017 By: Foreign Affairs Publisher Last Modified: April 3, 2017 @ 5:43 pm Filed Under: Asia Pacific Region, Banking and Finance, Business, Commerce, Economics, English, Global Economy, Investment, MIL OSI, Open Source Intel, UBS NEXT ARTICLE → “Frank E. Webner, pony express rider” About the author Foreign Affairs Publisher View all articles by Foreign Affairs Publisher » Recent Posts UBS publishes agenda for the Annual General Meeting of UBS Group AG on 4 May 2017 “Frank E. Webner, pony express rider” Croydon assault: police wish to identify three people, eight remain in custody DFA Design for Asia Awards 2017 Gemalto Accelerates IoT Adoption and Innovation in Japan © 2017 ForeignAffairs.co.nz. Site customised by Multimedia Investments Ltd
Skip to content Founded by Bob Livingston ® 1.2M 4.6K Menu Trending Climate Change health MSM Big Pharma Obamacare Exclusive Free E-Book Claim The Ultimate Privacy Guide (a $79.95 value) FREE when you subscribe to Personal Liberty Digest™ today. We will not sell or rent your email address to anyone for any reason. You can un-subscribe at any time. The banksters are back Posted on April 3, 2017March 31, 2017 by GS Early Views: 1 0 Shares It should come as no surprise that a guy from New York City, who has run a major global real estate development business, knows more than a few well-placed bankers. And when that guy becomes president of the United States, it’s his chance to give them their due. Now, before you get your hackles up, this isn’t a Trump-bashing piece. All presidents come to Washington and end up helping their state’s businesses. Reagan’s defense and anti-ballistic missile defense system build-up helped many of the aerospace companies and computer firms in his home state of California. Clinton helped make Tyson Foods one of the biggest chicken producers in the world. And Wal-Mart was also a big beneficiary of Clinton largesse. So it comes as no surprise that Wall Street has unpacked its bags on Pennsylvania Avenue. Like the former CIO of Goldman Sachs as Secretary of Treasury. Lose the middlemen Still in denial about the bankers having a heyday in DC as well as NYC? Here are the six-month returns of some of the top banksters that ushered in the financial crisis and were bailed out by you and me: Goldman Sachs: 44 percent JPMorgan Chase: 34 percent Wells Fargo: 27 percent Morgan Stanley: 36 percent Citigroup: 29 percent The S&P 500: 9 percent These big banks have outperformed the broad market 3- to 5- fold since the election. And it’s no coincidence. But this isn’t about morality. It’s about business. Actually, I’m kind of glad we’ve gotten rid of some of the ossified political hacks that were the middlemen for their corporate overlords and now we’re dealing directly with the overlords. At least it’s a change of pace. Investing is about performance. It’s about understanding what’s happening, regardless of your politics or desires and objectively observing what is going on. And then finding the opportunity there. That’s what I’m doing here. Do I like the debt-driven culture these banks have promoted? No. Are they a buying opportunity? Yes. But I think there is a better place to go with your investment dollars in this sector. Regional banks. Why regional banks? Because now that the banks are on their feet again and regulations will be in limbo for years to come, they have the chance to start blowing up the next big bubble. And I’m guessing that will be consolidating all the healthy, conservative regional and local banks. You see, the smaller banks weren’t the ones that caused the financial meltdown. They weren’t the ones lending to credit risks on one side of the trade while bundling those risks, selling them off and then shorting them on the other. Regional banks lend to local businesses, homeowners and individuals. They don’t have an arbitrage desk or a trading division. They make money the old way – pennies on the dollar, over and over again. For the “banksters,” as Bob Livingston calls them, they represent piggy banks full of responsible cash that will help their balance sheets (and stocks). It will also help the big boys leverage those assets into more trading money for their institutional side. Remember, the big banks cut their trading operations significantly once the bottom fell out of the global economy. But those days are gone and it’s back to business as usual, better business than usual. This is also a great opportunity to consolidate the banking landscape. If they gobble up enough smaller players around the country, they also rebuild their Too Big To Fail size while also becoming major players in small towns and big cities across America. Think about it like the auto industry. Here is a list of the defunct car companies in the U.S. that have been culled into the Big Three. Top targets Before I get to my investment picks, I want to say that the biggest statement you can make against the banksters is to move your business to smaller banks. I stopped using big banks decades ago and I have never felt cheated at keeping them as far away from my money as possible. Two other attractive qualities to regional bank stocks: Even if they’re not acquired, they’re still the best way to invest in the financial sector in the long term. If they are bought out, they will command big premiums, meaning big payoffs for investors. Without further ado, four solid stocks to look at are, BB&T, Fifth Third Bancorp, U.S. Bancorp and Burke & Herbert Bank and Trust. All these are rock-solid regional banks that will prosper on their own or profit handsomely from any takeover. — GS Early This entry was posted in Financial Foresight and tagged Bank. Bookmark the permalink. Post navigation ← ‘No limits’ facial recognition presents huge privacy threat California ‘fake news’ bill would scrub the 1st Amendment → GS Early is editor of Liberty Investor Digest™ and managing director of Fresh Eyes Media, a media management and consulting firm that develops custom content and marketing solutions for financial businesses and publishers. Gregg has been a leader in the financial publishing business for two decades and has worked on content strategies with every major publisher in the industry, as well as organizations like CNBC, Morgan Keegan, Folio Investing and Moneyshow. He is an award-winning writer and editor and has built many of the top publications available to investors today. His specialties are emerging technologies (biotech, nanotech, robotics), defense and cybersecurity. He is a graduate of James Madison University. Join the Discussion Comment Policy: We encourage an open discussion with a wide range of viewpoints, even extreme ones, but we will not tolerate racism, profanity or slanderous comments toward the author(s) or comment participants. Make your case passionately, but civilly. Please don't stoop to name calling. We use filters for spam protection. If your comment does not appear, it is likely because it violates the above policy or contains links or language typical of spam. We reserve the right to remove comments at our discretion. Exclusive Free E-Book Claim your FREE copy of The Ultimate Privacy Guide (a $79.95 value) and your FREE subscription to Personal Liberty Digest™ when you sign up today! We will not sell or rent your email address to anyone for any reason. You can un-subscribe at any time. Look Inside! Recent Polls Exercise your right to vote. Do you take nutritional supplements? Do you support a tax on wire transfers to Mexico to fund Trump's border wall? Are candy flavored drugs really a problem? Do you consider Edward Snowden a traitor? Would you support President Trump's efforts to dismantle the Freedom Caucus? Would you allow law enforcement to search your cellphone or laptop without a warrant? Should computers come with pre-installed government censorship to block adult material? Do you believe the AHCA was a good bill that should have passed? Should Jeff Sessions forget about legal weed? Are you disappointed with the GOP's failure to fully repeal Obamacare? Today's Issue The Latest From Personal Liberty Digest™ Jefferson and slavery Contributors Voices of Personal Liberty™ Bob Livingston: The world almost had free energy Ben Crystal: Don’t blame conservatives GS Early: Welcome to the real world Ben Crystal: Bad for America Dome Watch Daily Congressional Updates Lawmakers have a plan to pay for Trump’s wall What are they on? Lawmakers go after dealers selling ‘flavored drugs’ Lawmakers introduce bills to legalize and regulate marijuana at the federal level Rand Paul confident conservatives will get their full repeal Bell Ringer Chronicling Corruption And Threats To Liberty And The Constitution Trump should end illegal Obamacare exemption EPA official hid cancer study for Monsanto, lawsuit reveals On immigration, Trump should quit playing ‘their’ game Obama’s massive federal land grabs Taxpayer Dimes Where Does The Money Go? Trump’s first budget to offer look at his vision for dismantling ‘administrative state’ If Trump has his way, what do sanctuary cities stand to lose? Bob Livingston: Trumponomics Healthcare.gov still registering, granting ‘subsidies’ to fake people Medialogue On The Media And Around The Internet California ‘fake news’ bill would scrub the 1st Amendment Reason editor: Trump’s AG can’t kill marijuana reform Bob Woodward predicts criminal charges for Obama officials FEC Democrats want to silence conservative media Election Informer Personal Liberty’s Campaign Headquaters Lawmaker: Trump ‘amazingly accessible’ Hillary lost because America is conservative… Top 11 ‘Russian-hack’ questions the ‘rogue-electors’ should ask the CIA Once again, there were no Russians involved in the DNC email leak 2nd Amendment Under Fire Issues And Actions Involving Gun Rights Gun sales way up, accidents down Constitutional concealed carry bills introduced Trump ATF poised to weaken gun regs Florida lawmaker wants to hold businesses accountable for gun-free zones Power Of The State Documenting Abuses By Government Agents Bob Livingston: SCOTUS legalizes theft by police Bob Livingston: Amish farmer facing life in prison over herbal product labels Police body cams are becoming powerful surveillance state assets Bob Livingston: A coup is underway On Your Own Helping You Prepare For Emergency Situations Frank Bates: Self-reliance tools for a crisis It’s over… or is it? Thomas Miller: Disaster intelligence for emergency preparedness Gaye Levy: What you need to know about animal snares for survival Hillary Files Chronicling the antics of the most corrupt woman in American politics An update on Hillary Clinton and her lawyers Fair weather friends say goodbye to Clinton Here she comes again Could Hillary Clinton still face prosecution? Hot Topics A deeper look at important issues Jefferson and slavery ‘Climate science’ isn’t science; it’s religion War between U.S. and China brewing in South China Sea? Adam Schiff is a traitor to humanity Financial Foresight Advice to help you protect your assets GS Early: The banksters are back GS Early: New realities are upon us Forget taxes — This is worse… GS Early: The government’s worthless numbers Top Advertise With Us Contact Us Privacy Policy The Bob Livingston Letter White List Us Who is Bob Livingston? Unsubscribe from Personal Liberty Alerts © 2017 Personal Liberty ® Trending Climate Change health MSM Big Pharma Obamacare Exclusive Free E-Book Claim The Ultimate Privacy Guide (a $79.95 value) FREE when you subscribe to Personal Liberty Digest™ today. Thegovernment’s assault on your personal liberties, including transgressions by the NSA and IRS, proves NOTHING IS OFF-LIMITS!  But they’re not your only enemy. In your FREE copy of The Ultimate Privacy Guide discover simple, effective strategies for making Big Business and Big Government BUTT OUT of your personal life! We will not sell or rent your email address to anyone for any reason. You can un-subscribe at any time. Look Inside The Ultimate Privacy Guide The unconstitutional assault on America's civil liberties is continuing with fanatical vigor thanks to the government's gross misuse of power, including transgressions by the NSA and IRS. NOTHING IS OFF-LIMITS! Government SPYING and MANIPULATION is now becoming the American way. But they’re not your only enemy. In your FREE copy of The Ultimate Privacy Guide you'll discover how to: Keep your home secure and private! Avoid online identity theft! Keep financial information secure and private! Avoid harassing phone calls! Keep snoops out of your personal communications including emails! And much, much more!
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Cognex Co. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Cognex Co. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Yahoo! Inc. (YHOO) Rating Increased to Buy at Vetr Inc. RealPage’s (RP) Hold Rating Reaffirmed at Royal Bank of Canada Cognex Co. (CGNX) Earns Buy Rating from Summit Redstone J B Hunt Transport Services Inc (JBHT) Earns “Hold” Rating from BMO Capital Markets Ionis Pharmaceuticals Inc (IONS) Cut to “Sell” at Vetr Inc. Sirius Real Estate Limited (SRE) Insider Purchases £32,400 in Stock STV Group Plc. (STVG) Insider Sells £86,100 in Stock CalAtlantic Group Inc (CAA) Upgraded by TheStreet to B- TheStreet Upgrades Kronos Worldwide, Inc. (KRO) to “B-“ BP Prudhoe Bay Royalty Trust (BPT) Rating Lowered to D+ at TheStreet Seabridge Gold, Inc. (SA) Earns “Sec Perform Spec Market Wgt” Rating from National Bank Financial DXP Enterprises Inc (DXPE) Issues Quarterly Earnings Results, Beats Estimates By $0.41 EPS RXi Pharmaceuticals Corp (RXII) Posts Earnings Results RXi Pharmaceuticals Corp (RXII) Posts Earnings Results Inventure Foods Inc (SNAK) Releases Earnings Results Affimed NV (AFMD) Announces Earnings Results, Beats Expectations By $0.14 EPS Mateon Therapeutics Inc (MATN) Issues Quarterly Earnings Results Eric Leboeuf Purchases 75,000 Shares of Quantum Numbers Corp (QNC) Stock Twitter Inc (TWTR) Rating Reiterated by Aegis Facebook’s (FB) Buy Rating Reaffirmed at Aegis Cognex Co. (CGNX) Earns Buy Rating from Summit Redstone April 2nd, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Stacy Sanders Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Finance Tweet Cognex Co. (NASDAQ:CGNX)‘s stock had its “buy” rating restated by stock analysts at Summit Redstone in a research report issued on Thursday. A number of other brokerages also recently issued reports on CGNX. Needham & Company LLC restated a “hold” rating on shares of Cognex in a report on Tuesday, March 21st. TheStreet upgraded Cognex from a “c+” rating to a “b” rating in a report on Thursday, March 9th. Zacks Investment Research raised Cognex from a “hold” rating to a “strong-buy” rating and set a $81.00 price objective on the stock in a research report on Monday, February 20th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. began coverage on Cognex in a research report on Thursday, January 26th. They set a “neutral” rating and a $66.00 price objective on the stock. Finally, Deutsche Bank AG began coverage on Cognex in a research report on Thursday, December 8th. They set a “buy” rating and a $74.00 price objective on the stock. Six analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating, three have issued a buy rating and one has given a strong buy rating to the stock. The stock has an average rating of “Buy” and a consensus target price of $59.61. Shares of Cognex (NASDAQ:CGNX) opened at 83.95 on Thursday. The stock has a 50 day moving average price of $76.43 and a 200 day moving average price of $62.51. The stock has a market capitalization of $7.22 billion, a P/E ratio of 48.89 and a beta of 1.33. Cognex has a 52 week low of $35.15 and a 52 week high of $84.61. Cognex (NASDAQ:CGNX) last announced its quarterly earnings results on Thursday, February 16th. The company reported $0.43 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, beating analysts’ consensus estimates of $0.30 by $0.13. Cognex had a return on equity of 13.67% and a net margin of 26.59%. The company had revenue of $129.32 million for the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $116.93 million. During the same quarter in the previous year, the business earned $0.22 EPS. Cognex’s revenue was up 32.3% compared to the same quarter last year. On average, equities research analysts expect that Cognex will post $1.98 EPS for the current year. The company also recently disclosed a quarterly dividend, which was paid on Friday, March 17th. Shareholders of record on Friday, March 3rd were given a dividend of $0.075 per share. The ex-dividend date of this dividend was Wednesday, March 1st. This represents a $0.30 annualized dividend and a yield of 0.36%. Cognex’s payout ratio is 20.13%. WARNING: This piece of content was originally published by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are reading this piece of content on another publication, it was illegally stolen and republished in violation of US and international copyright law. The correct version of this piece of content can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/02/cognex-co-cgnx-earns-buy-rating-from-summit-redstone.html. In other news, CEO Robert Willett sold 50,000 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Monday, March 6th. The stock was sold at an average price of $80.69, for a total value of $4,034,500.00. Following the sale, the chief executive officer now directly owns 50,000 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $4,034,500. The sale was disclosed in a legal filing with the SEC, which is accessible through the SEC website. Also, Director Patrick Alias sold 5,000 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Tuesday, February 28th. The stock was sold at an average price of $77.85, for a total value of $389,250.00. Following the completion of the sale, the director now directly owns 5,000 shares in the company, valued at $389,250. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Over the last three months, insiders sold 105,000 shares of company stock worth $8,311,250. Insiders own 6.40% of the company’s stock. Several hedge funds have recently modified their holdings of the company. Flinton Capital Management LLC bought a new stake in shares of Cognex during the fourth quarter worth approximately $148,000. Ladenburg Thalmann Financial Services Inc. boosted its stake in shares of Cognex by 9.9% in the fourth quarter. Ladenburg Thalmann Financial Services Inc. now owns 3,165 shares of the company’s stock worth $202,000 after buying an additional 286 shares in the last quarter. Forbes J M & Co. LLP bought a new stake in shares of Cognex during the fourth quarter worth approximately $208,000. GSA Capital Partners LLP bought a new stake in shares of Cognex during the fourth quarter worth approximately $218,000. Finally, Her Majesty the Queen in Right of the Province of Alberta as represented by Alberta Investment Management Corp bought a new stake in shares of Cognex during the third quarter worth approximately $206,000. 90.00% of the stock is currently owned by hedge funds and other institutional investors. Cognex Company Profile Cognex Corporation (Cognex) is a provider of machine vision products that capture and analyze visual information in order to automate tasks, primarily in manufacturing processes, where vision is required. The Company operates through the machine vision technology segment. The Company’s machine vision products are used to automate the manufacture and tracking of discrete items, such as mobile phones, aspirin bottles and automobile tires, by locating, identifying, inspecting and measuring them during the manufacturing or distribution process. Receive News & Ratings for Cognex Co. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Cognex Co. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Ex-Trump Advisor Michael Flynn Seeking Immunity Challenges on Rollback of Climate Policies to Come President Trump Creating American Innovation Office Republicans in Senate Vote to Repeal Rules on Internet Privacy Sanctuary Cities Being Named by Trump Administration © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Subscribe & Save 33% Off the cover price Subscribe Now Gift Subscription Subscription Services Washington Monthly Newsletter Get email updates from the Washington Monthly. Sign Up The Magazine Group Current Issue Past Issues Group Political Animal Blog Politics 2016 College Guide and Rankings Economy Government Education K-12 Higher Education Law and Justice Health Care Books Group Republic 3.0 Special Reports Successes of Philanthropy Column 2 About Advertise Contact Careers Privacy Policy Donate Subscribe Share Tweet Print Email How States Can Defeat Trumpism The wounded Democratic Party would be wise to learn from Delaware, says the state’s former governor. by Jack Markell April 3, 2017 Politics Jeffrey/Flickr Donate Subscribe Share Tweet Print Email In the aftermath of the 2016 election, Democrats found themselves in their lowest electoral position since Reconstruction. Not only did Republicans capture the White House and maintain control of both chambers of Congress, they mopped up in the states as well. After the dust settled, Republicans held 33 governorships — tying a nearly century-old high-watermark — and controlled 25 state governments from top to bottom. One exception to this trend was Delaware, where I ended my term as governor on January 16, 2017. As I tucked my wedding picture, my NASCAR Starter Flag, and a few other sentimental items from my desk into a cardboard box, I had the satisfaction of knowing that my friend and fellow Democrat John Carney would be taking the next turn here. Moreover, John’s term would begin the 25th consecutive year that Delaware has had a Democratic governor. There are only two states with a longer streak and both are 3,000 miles away: Oregon and Washington. We are unique even amongst our otherwise blue-state neighbors, such as New Jersey and Maryland, where Republicans currently sit in the governor’s mansion. How has Delaware resisted the tide of Trumpism? Delaware is not immune to the ups and downs of the national economy. Certainly, the state suffered during the Great Recession, and our residents have faced their share of hardships. But I would also like to think that our state has done a better job than most at keeping the forces that led to Trump’s victory — the destructive anxieties bred by economic insecurity — at bay. Like President Obama, I won election in the midst of the deepening financial crisis and immediately had to govern through a blizzard of economic howitzers. Just after the recession hit, Chrysler and General Motors closed their local plants in Newark and Wilmington, leading to the loss of thousands of jobs. So did a major oil refinery. The poultry industry, a vital rural sector in Delaware, went into a tailspin, and one of our major producers fell into bankruptcy. And as Wall Street staggered, the back office financial services workforce housed in Delaware was slashed. All told, in the space of about a year, eight percent of Delaware jobs — 35,300 jobs — vanished, according to the Bureau of Labor Statistics. To put that into context, that would translate into a loss of 11 million jobs nationwide. But as I left office, Delaware was enjoying the best job growth in our region since we hit bottom in 2010, an unemployment rate of 4.3 percent at the end of 2016, among the fastest-rising private sector wages in the nation (17.8 percent over the last two years), and a recent ranking as one of the three strongest state economies. More importantly, what we built during my tenure as governor was a slate of innovative new programs aimed at ensuring that every Delaware resident has a shot at sharing in the state’s growth. If there is any antidote to Trumpism, it’s broadly shared middle class prosperity. President Obama led the nation from the brink of depression back to health. But it wasn’t enough to rest on national economic indicators suggesting the country was on the right track. Many Americans and Delawareans were clearly still pessimistic about the opportunities that lay ahead for themselves and their families. Sweeping economic change was afoot. Factories that once sustained towns in Delaware and across the nation were shuttered. Jobs were outsourced overseas and to technology. If these problems weren’t addressed, voters and communities that felt ignored or patronized would seek solace elsewhere – including by turning to leaders whose views are extremist or counterproductive. If there is any antidote to Trumpism, it’s broadly shared middle class prosperity.So rather than simply picking on easy targets — such as big banks and Wall Street — I used my time in office to build an economic message and strategy centered on creating middle class jobs that would include everyone in our state.  This strategy had three primary ingredients: (1) focusing relentlessly on skills, for all residents at all stages of their careers; (2) engaging with the global marketplace to expand opportunities for Delaware’s entrepreneurs and companies, while attracting more companies to our state; and (3) promoting local economic development through projects to invest in city centers. As Democrats look to rebuild their electoral strength from the bottom up, the lynchpin of their strategy should be an economic agenda that fights Trumpism at its roots — by equipping all Americans with the tools they need to adapt to a rapidly changing economy and to look to the future with confidence, not fear. As small as Delaware may be, the path we’ve taken has larger lessons for how to restore economic opportunity in this country and rebuild faith in government’s role as a force for good in people’s lives. Skills for All Delaware has long been part of the global economy by simple virtue of the fact that many of the nation’s largest and best-known companies — including 60 percent of the companies in the Fortune 500 — are legally domiciled in our state. Delaware is also home to the corporate headquarters of such major firms as DuPont, AstraZeneca and Sallie Mae. Without doubt, Delaware’s status as the “corporate capital of the world” has been a boon to our state. But it has been a priority of mine — as it should be for all — to ensure that the prosperity companies enjoy creates opportunities for individuals as well. In Delaware, one way we’ve done this is to invest heavily in the skills of our citizens. Companies have more choices than ever about where to locate and hire. And technology means rote factory and service jobs that used to provide a good wage and benefits no longer exist. Delaware company leaders told me they would innovate, create jobs, and grow the economy here if they could find a skilled workforce that could learn and grow on the job. The work of MIT professors Erik Brynjolfsson and Andrew McAfee also proved to us that even amid economic uncertainty, there has never been a better time to be someone with the right skills, but never a worse time to be someone without those skills. In evaluating our own workforce, we discovered that more people in our state, like most of America, need credentials beyond a high school diploma. That’s why improving people’s skills — from pre-K to pre-retirement — is now an overarching and urgent priority. For example, the state provided a $250,000 grant, together with business and philanthropic partners, to help launch Zip Code Wilmington, Delaware’s first coding school and one of the first nonprofit coding schools in the country. ZipCode Wilmington offers a 12-week coding boot camp in Java and Javascript, followed by a 26-week paid apprenticeship. Anyone with a high school education can apply, and the program offers need-based scholarships for those who can’t afford the fees. Since its launch in late 2015, more than 100 graduates have found jobs, and their average salaries have grown from $25,000 to nearly $65,000. These graduates include professionals like Dawn Milnamow. Six months after struggling to get a full-time job, she was hired by JP Morgan Chase in an information technology position that nearly tripled her annual salary. The state also created a Pathways to Prosperity initiative, based on research from Harvard University about the disconnect between what students learn in school and the skills they need in the workforce. The program began with 30 high school juniors spending hundreds of hours in a manufacturing program at the state’s community college, Delaware Tech. Program administrators worked with the state manufacturing association and a community college to develop coursework. The kids got summer internships at companies making products like fuel cells and earned industry-recognized credentials along with college credits. Today, 6,000 students are in similar programs across a dozen growing industries. In addition to these efforts to create new opportunities for Delawareans already in or about to enter the workforce, we also took steps to ensure that more kids, especially those from lower-income households, were encouraged to pursue college and were ready to succeed. For instance, the SAT exam is now free for high school juniors, and the College Board now provides up to 8 college admissions application fee waivers per student for low income students. Colleges and universities now partner with high schools to reduce the need for remedial classes for matriculating students. The state’s youngest residents — the future engine of Delaware’s — are also now getting a better start. More than ten percent of kindergarten students in Delaware public schools (and more than 3,000 from k-4) are learning Chinese or Spanish in an immersion setting. Only Utah has done as much to help young kids learn a foreign language. By ninth grade they will be fully fluent, gaining a huge advantage over their future peers competing for jobs. And as part of our efforts to broaden opportunity for all children, high-quality early childhood centers now receive financial incentives to enroll low income kids while centers serving poor communities are getting the support to improve. As a result, 70 percent of children from low-income families are enrolled in a high-quality program, versus just 5 percent in 2011. Thousands more children are also receiving early mental health consultations and developmental screenings. All of what we achieved in Delaware can be achieved in all of our states and the country as a whole when our leaders are willing to stare reality in the face. It didn’t cost a ton of money; it didn’t generate political tantrums; and it was responsive to what businesses needed and people in our state wanted for themselves and their kids. As small as Delaware may be, the path we’ve taken has larger lessons for how to restore economic opportunity in this country and rebuild faith in government’s role as a force for good in people’s lives. A Global Delaware Nationally, the trade debate has been fraught. But in Delaware, we sidestepped that discussion to focus on things that help communities and create jobs, because globalization, like the weather, is something we can complain about but not change. Rather than turning inward, my administration pursued a strategy that was resolutely outward bound. We worked aggressively to grow Delaware’s global presence as an exporter of goods and services produced by our state’s residents and to market the state as a desirable destination for global investment. As one result, Delaware exports rose by $250 million between 2012 and 2015. In fact, our exports rose faster than every state on the eastern seaboard except New Hampshire, South Carolina, and Georgia. We doubled down on strategies that states have long pursued to grow their global footprint, such as organizing trade missions to help Delaware farmers and manufacturers establish relationships abroad. On one trip, we took four Delaware vegetable farmers to Canada and each left with agreements with some of the biggest Canadian distributors to sell their products. Delaware’s first state-led business trips to Mexico led to an estimated $11.2 million in additional sales.  Over just one and a half years, the program supported 40 Delaware businesses on trade missions to Canada, Mexico, Germany and South Korea.  The program cost the state about $70,000 but will generate an expected $16 million in export sales over the next 18 months – a terrific return on investment. On the other side of the ledger, my administration worked hard to woo foreign companies that would create good jobs in the state and invest in our communities. For instance, a Korean poultry company, Harim, rescued a closing facility in Southern Delaware, buying a facility that now employs nearly 1,500 people – nearly equal to the population of the town in which it is located. A Berlin-based tech incubator is opening its first non-German facility in Delaware to help German start-ups that want to do business in the U.S. To attract these new firms, we emphasized our efforts to support a strong workforce and positioned Delaware as a place of “soft-landing” where entrepreneurs have assistance dealing with streamlined licensing and permitting processes. iStock As more Americans opt for urban lifestyles, cities like Wilmington are revitalizing their central business districts. Make Downtown Happen The third leg of Delaware’s strategy over the last eight years was downtown revitalization. Smaller cities like Wilmington and former manufacturing hubs like Erie and Scranton suffered the most when globalization, automation, and new technologies decimated industries that once offered plentiful good-paying jobs, particularly in manufacturing. But these areas have great bone structures. We saw an opportunity to renovate abandoned property, attract new residents and businesses, and revitalize our downtowns. So in Delaware, we created Downtown Development Districts — designated areas in our cities and towns that qualify for development incentives and other benefits to attract residential, commercial, industrial, and mixed use development. We require the municipalities to provide a blueprint for how and where they want development to occur, so we can evaluate which plans make the most sense for the residents and all taxpayers, not just for a developer’s bottom line. Investors who make qualified real estate improvements receive grants for up to 20 percent of their costs above $25,000. Projects can be anything from a non-profit housing agency wanting to renovate a single abandoned property to a for-profit entity building a transformative project that involves residential units upstairs and shops downstairs. Among the results: A condemned parking lot in Wilmington is being replaced with 200 residential units and retail shops. And in Milford, small businesses are performing long-needed construction and renovations. Through $17.7 million in grants from the Delaware State Housing Authority, the three districts targeted for revitalization in the first phase of this strategy have attracted more than $329 million in investments. A second round of grants, for $3.6 million, will help five other districts in the state. While some investments have supported our biggest cities, the program is designed just as much to revitalize smaller, rural areas that, because of a less diverse economy, have been the hardest hit by the 21st century economic transformation. In Seaford, a town in southern Delaware decimated by the closing of DuPont’s nylon plant in the 1980s, we have seen the most significant investment in decades, including a new apartment building with high-end units right on the Nanticoke River. From 2000 to 2010, downtowns in America’s major cities experienced double-digit growth. That was more than twice their rate of overall growth. As more Americans, particularly college-educated young adults, opt for urban lifestyles, cities have a chance to revitalize their central business districts. That means there is more potential than ever in small and medium cities to build opportunity and make downtown exciting and vital again. When I first got into politics, Delaware wasn’t a Democratic state. During the 1990s, we had Republicans in the governor’s mansion, U.S. Senate and our lone House seat. While every state is in some ways a snowflake, the Delaware experience holds important lessons for the rest of the country. Our small size belies our diversity. We have urban centers and rural communities, a growing financial sector as well as a vital agricultural industry. (Chickens, in fact, far outnumber people.) As for the so-called Rising American Electorate of Millennials and minorities — yes, we have our share — but we also have one of the fastest-growing elderly populations in the country, a group that trends Republican. The struggles of our people, cities, and towns are very similar to those struggles in the interior of the country where the new economy threatens to pass many people by. When I first got into politics, Delaware wasn’t a Democratic state. During the 1990s, we had Republicans in the governor’s mansion, U.S. Senate and our lone House seat. Delaware voted for George H.W. Bush and twice for Ronald Reagan. Looking at Delaware now, we don’t profile as an obvious Democratic state. Yet Democrats have won here consistently since the turn of the century. In 1998, when I was first elected as Treasurer, Democrats held only three of the nine state and federal offices; it’s seven of nine today. The increasing abandonment of the Democratic Party happening in other states has not happened here. Democratic enrollment, in fact, has surged from an 8-point edge in 2000 to a 19-point margin today.  Globalization and technology are equal parts exciting and petrifying. What I realized as a Democratic governor is that I had to address both with the same level of passion. On one hand was the amazing potential generated from cutting edge ideas and on the other was the emptiness felt by those left on the sidelines. Throughout my tenure, the question I wrestled with was this: How do you create opportunity in an environment in which the only constant is constant change? In Delaware, we unraveled these riddles with a relentless focus on skills and education, on tying ourselves to the globe instead of running from it, and making our downtowns a full partner in the state’s success. Yes, other governors in other states have certainly pursued elements of the strategy we pursued in our state – and we all have much to learn from them, but it was the combination of these pieces – plus the belief that an active government could be the major force to make good things happen – that has kept Delaware moving forward when so many other areas of the country have struggled. These are lessons that any state can replicate – as can Congress and as should the President. Jack Markell Jack Markell served as Governor of Delaware from 2009 to 2017 and as State Treasurer from 1999 to 2009. He is also a past chair of the Democratic Governors Association and the National Governors Association. Related Posts The Return of McCarthyism by James Bruno March 31, 2017 This time the intelligence community is the target. The Alt-Right Doesn’t Care About the Constitution by John Ehrett An emergent bloc of Republican voters, with unprecedented access to the new president’s ...read more Miles530/Wikimedia Commons Delaware Special Election Win Shows Energized Democratic Turnout by David Atkins February 25, 2017 9:41 PM Democrats already seem poised to turn their outrage into votes. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Most Popular Political Animal Blog The White House’s Nunes Gambit Failed by Martin Longman March 29, 2017 12:30 PM The controversy surrounding his missteps has only added attention to the investigation. Political Animal Blog Quick Takes: Will Trump Face a Government Shutdown On His 100th Day? by Nancy LeTourneau March 27, 2017 6:07 PM * While we’ve all been focused on the disaster of... Politics The Return of McCarthyism by James Bruno March 31, 2017 This time the intelligence community is the target. Politics Judge Gorsuch and What Could Have Been by Thomas Geoghegan March 28, 2017 Since the 1970s, I spent my career hoping to one day witness the return of a liberal Supreme Court. Now I’ll never have the chance. Politics Trump, Felix Sater, and the FBI by Martin Longman April 2, 2017 11:07 AM I’ve been staring at this article for days now. It... Washington Monthly Newsletter Get email updates from the Washington Monthly. Sign Up Donate Subscribe Washington Monthly Newsletter Get email updates from the Washington Monthly. Sign Up The Magazine Group Current Issue Past Issues Group Political Animal Blog Politics 2016 College Guide and Rankings Economy Government Education K-12 Higher Education Law and Justice Health Care Books Group Republic 3.0 Special Reports Successes of Philanthropy Column 2 About Advertise Contact Careers Privacy Policy © 2017 Washington Monthly.
03/04/2017 Select edition English English Français Deutsch Italiano Español Português Русский Українська Türkçe Ελληνικά Magyar فارسی العربية Join Us Euronews, international news يورونيوز، أخبار دولية Euronews, internationale Nachrichten Euronews, noticias internacionales Euronews, actualités internationales Euronews, ΔΙΕΘΝΗ ΝΕΑ Euronews, Nemzetközi hírek Euronews, Notizie internazionali اخبار بین‌المللی Euronews, Notícias internacionais Международные новости Euronews, DÜNYA Euronews, міжнародні новини Search Live Bulletin Weather All views Sport 02/04/2017 Local hero Okruashvili takes gold in Georgia Page 1 Copy 34 Point of view "The crowd gave me so much power and I did what I wanted - I beat the Brazilian." World 02/04/2017 UK politician is slammed for 'sabre-rattling' over Gibraltar Page 1 Copy 34 Point of view "How does this kind of diplomacy help our Brexit negotiations?" Tom Watson Labour Party Deputy Leader World 02/04/2017 Colombia: Rescue efforts intensify after deadly landslide Page 1 Copy 34 Point of view "It breaks my heart" Juan Manuel Santos Colombian President World 02/04/2017 UK could return to blue passports Page 1 Copy 34 Point of view "The humiliation of having a pink European Union passport will now soon be over" Andrew Rosindell UK Member of Parliament World 02/04/2017 UK politician compares Gibraltar issue to Falklands war Page 1 Copy 34 Point of view "Gibraltar is going to be protected all the way" Michael Fallon UK defence minister World 31/03/2017 Serbian PM expected to win presidential election Page 1 Copy 34 Tweet World 31/03/2017 Former National Security Adviser Michael Flynn "has a story to tell" Page 1 Copy 34 Tweet World 31/03/2017 Sturgeon puts pressure on London for Scotland independence vote Page 1 Copy 34 Point of view "The will of the Scottish Parliament must be respected" Nicola Sturgeon Scottish First Minister more quotes Just In BREAKING NEWS Home > News > Business > Lloyd's of Brussels insurer safeguards EU business Now Reading: Lloyd's of Brussels insurer safeguards EU business economy 30/03/2017 Lloyd's of Brussels insurer safeguards EU business Today's Top Stories Republic of Ecuador 03/04/2017 Moreno claims victory in Ecuador election but rival calls for a recount Serbia 03/04/2017 Aleksandar Vucic scores a big win in Serbian presidential poll Armenia 02/04/2017 Armenia: Ruling party well ahead in parliamentary election (exit polls) Aa Aa Editor's choice View 01/04/2017 Northern Ireland: Meaningful peace needs a meaningless border View 31/03/2017 Brexit view: from Great Britain to Little England world news 30/03/2017 Fighting to win - parents brawl at a junior football match in Spain last updated: 30/03/2017 Chris Cummins Lloyd’s of London is soon to be Lloyd’s of Brussels as the insurer announced it is to open a subsidiary in the Belgian capital. The company wants to keep its ‘passporting rights’ so that it can continue to offer financial services across the EU. Lloyd’s chief executive, Inga Beale, said the move would guarantee continued business when Britain leaves the EU. #lloydsoflondon to #Brussels & #JPMorgan in #Dublin this morning#MoneyNeverSleeps#brexitshambles #GreatRepealBillpic.twitter.com/PFAIU5uKGh— Bonnie Greer (@Bonn1eGreer) 30 March 2017 Banking giant JP Morgan is in talks to buy office space in Dublin. EXCLUSIVE:JPMorgan in talks for Dublin office that holds 1,000 amid post-brexit</a> expansion <a href="https://t.co/y0I5mAJMii">https://t.co/y0I5mAJMii</a> <a href="https://twitter.com/JackSidders">jacksidders ncallanan</a></p>&mdash; Elisa Martinuzzi (ElisaMartinuzzi) 30 March 2017 It is being reported that the offshoot will require 1,000 staff. Ralf Witzler is from Frankfurt Main Finance, he says its not so easy for financial institutions to just up sticks: “Relocations could be quite ambitious, particularly for the American banks, and for the big Swiss banks whose business is brokerage. It is very complicated. For commercial banks the move would be less complicated, they have a bit more room for manoeuvre. Asset management can relocate relatively quickly. The most pressure is on the big investment banks.” Others maybe leaving on a jet plane as Ryanair and EasyJet have been warned by the EU to relocate out of London or sell off shares to European nationals if they wish to continue to operate intra-Europe routes such as Paris to Berlin. Share this article: More about: Brexit British economy Insurance market United Kingdom Brussels Economy Page 1 Copy 34 All views Get a different perspective Every story can be told in many ways: see the perspectives from Euronews journalists in our other language teams. Edition: Français Brexit : l'assureur Lloyd's arrive à Bruxelles See translation Auto-Translated Edition: Deutsch Lloyds of London, JPMorgan Chase: "Brexodus" nimmt Gestalt an See translation Auto-Translated Edition: Italiano Brexit: Lloyd's di Londra apriranno una filiale a Bruxelles See translation Auto-Translated Edition: Español La aseguradora Lloyd's of London abrirá una filial en Bruselas por el 'brexit' See translation Auto-Translated Edition: Português Brexit: Lloyd's of London relocaliza atividade europeia em Bruxelas See translation Auto-Translated Edition: Türkçe Lloyds AB operasyonlarını Brüksel'e taşıyacak See translation Auto-Translated Edition: Українська Перші на вихід: хто покине лондонське Сіті через "брекзіт" See translation Auto-Translated Edition: Pусский Унесённые "брекситом": Lloyd's of London откроет офис в Брюсселе See translation Auto-Translated Edition: العربية مؤسسات عالمية تختار مغادرة لندن بعد البريكسيت...تعرف عليها See translation Auto-Translated Edition: فارسی برکسیت: انتقال فعالیتهای برخی شرکتها و بانکهای بزرگ از لندن به نقاط دیگر اروپا See translation Auto-Translated Edition: Ελληνικά Μετακομίζει στις Βρυξέλλες η Lloyd's of London, πιέσεις να αλλάξουν έδρα Ryanair και Easyjet See translation Auto-Translated Edition: Magyar Brüsszel lesz a Lloyd's biztosító európai uniós leányvállalatának központja See translation Auto-Translated Most viewed economy 31/03/2017 British economy grows as consumers splash the cash economy 31/03/2017 Trade trouble as Trumps's beef with the EU hots up economy 31/03/2017 Eurozone inflation slows thanks to falling oil and food prices economy 30/03/2017 Turkey blocks Booking.com in competition law case economy 30/03/2017 US posts economic growth of 2.1 percent Flashback: one year ago Belgium 03/04/2016 Brussels airport cautiously reopens for a handful of flights Thailand 03/04/2016 Deadly collision between train and double-decker bus in Thailand world news 03/04/2016 Famous jazz man "Gato" Barbieri dies aged 83 world news 03/04/2016 Questions over whether Turkey and Greece are ready for controversial return... USA 03/04/2016 Two dead in US train derailment Editor's choice View 01/04/2017 Northern Ireland: Meaningful peace needs a meaningless border View 31/03/2017 Brexit view: from Great Britain to Little England world news 30/03/2017 Fighting to win - parents brawl at a junior football match in Spain space 31/03/2017 Interactive map: Where do you look for life on Mars? brussels bureau 28/03/2017 'Numerous barriers' in accessing EU infertility services View 28/03/2017 How the city of Ghent copes with increased numbers of refugees? United Kingdom 29/03/2017 Farage: "The EU will not survive" world news 29/03/2017 The changing faces of Northern Ireland's murals View 31/03/2017 View: Is Emmanuel Macron the new Napoleon Bonaparte of France? See more economy 29/03/2017 Sterling battles back as Brexit is born Today's Top Stories Republic of Ecuador 03/04/2017 Moreno claims victory in Ecuador election but rival calls for a recount Serbia 03/04/2017 Aleksandar Vucic scores a big win in Serbian presidential poll Armenia 02/04/2017 Armenia: Ruling party well ahead in parliamentary election (exit polls) Live Bulletin Top videos My weather Browse today's tags Elections Serbia Brexit Presidential election United Kingdom Russia Protest Colombia Verticals News European affairs Lifestyle Knowledge Quotes Programs Adventures Aid Zone Boarding Pass Business Line Business Planet Cinema COP22 Cult Focus Futuris Gravity Insiders Insight Learning World Life Markets Metropolitans MIPTV – MIPCOM Musica No Comment Postcards Real Economy Sci-tech Smart Care Space Speed State Of The Union Target The Corner The Global Conversation View World News Channels Euronews TV Africanews Euronews radio Widgets Corporate About Euronews EU Coverage Terms and Conditions Cookie Policy Contact Distribution Advertising Jobs Copyright © euronews 2017 News World Business Sport European affairs Europe Lifestyle Culture Knowledge Sci-tech no comment Programmes Join Us English Français Deutsch Italiano Español Português Русский Українська Türkçe Ελληνικά Magyar فارسی العربية
Skip to main content South China Morning Post Edition: International Hong Kong International Jobs Events Education Courses Newsletters Global Economy Register / Login Search " SIGN UP FOR eNEWSLETTER Main menu Home China HK Asia World Comment Business Tech Life Culture Sport Week in asia Post Mag Style .TV All South China Morning Post Main menu China HK Asia World Comment Business Tech Life Culture Sport Week in asia Post Mag Style .TV Search " Share PrintEmail Now Reading The ‘extraordinary calm’ in markets... is cause for worry  Hong Kong Politics Economy Health & Environment Law & Crime Education & Community China Policies & Politics Diplomacy & Defence Money & Wealth Economy Society Tech This Week in Asia News Asia World Business Companies Markets Property Investor Relations Global Economy China Economy Money & Wealth Special Reports Country Reports Tech China Tech Enterprises Social & Gadgets Start-ups Apps & Gaming Innovation Leaders & Founders Science & Research Lifestyle Fashion & Luxury Travel & Leisure Motoring Families Food & Drink Health & Beauty Watches Style Good Eating 100 Top Tables Sport Hong Kong China Golf Racing Rugby HK Sevens Soccer Tennis Boxing Motorsport Comment Insight & Opinion Harry's View Blogs Polls Letters Multimedia Infographics Photos Video Magazines Post Magazine Style Good Eating Destination Macau Popular Topics Hong Kong Sevens 2017 Chief executive election 2017 Macroscope The View Inside Out & Outside In The Insider Donald Trump Money Matters China: Around The Nation South China Sea: Hague case Cathay Pacific Jake's View A-shares Brexit Advertising Solutions SCMP Mobile Edition SCMP Tablet Edition SCMP ePaper Edition SCMP.com search Historical Archive HK Magazine Archive Directories Luxehomes At your service Business Services Directory MICE Biz Restaurant Directory CPJobs.com Education Post Events Young Post Follow us on Facebook Follow us on Twitter Business›Global Economy The View by Nicholas Spiro The ‘extraordinary calm’ in markets... is cause for worry ‘Wall Street’s so-called “fear gauge”, or Vix Index, currently stands at just 12.3 points, close to the record low of below 10 touched before the global financial crisis’ PUBLISHED : Monday, 03 April, 2017, 8:57am UPDATED : Monday, 03 April, 2017, 9:23am Comments:   Nicholas Spiro Share PrintEmail Related topics The View Investing Related Articles Global Economy Rates will do nothing to burst Hong Kong property bubble 30 Mar 2017 Business A competition regulator is the only hope for Hong Kong 30 Mar 2017 Banking & Finance Why the ETF industry is a ticking time bomb 29 Mar 2017 Last week was one that investors in South African assets would rather forget. The rand, South Africa’s currency and one of the most actively traded emerging market (EM) currencies, tumbled 9 per cent against the US dollar in response to president Jacob Zuma’s decision to fire his well-regarded finance minister, Pravin Gordhan, in a move which has plunged Africa’s largest economy into a full-blown political crisis and is expected to hasten the loss of the country’s coveted investment grade credit rating. A little over three years ago, when developing economies were bearing the brunt of the fallout from the unexpected decision by the US Federal Reserve to scale back, or taper, its programme of quantitative easing (QE), a sharp sell-off in South African assets would have put the currencies and equities of other emerging markets under strain. Correlations between the prices of financial assets across the world have fallen to their lowest levels since the global financial crisis Yet this time round, financial contagion is nowhere to be seen. On Friday, the day after Gordhan was ousted, Asian currencies even rose against the dollar while yields on Latin American local government bonds continued to decline. In the week ending March 29, when speculation about Zuma’s plans to fire Gordhan was mounting, net inflows into emerging market bond mutual funds surged to US$2.8 billion, according to JPMorgan, an eight-month high. The absence of widespread contagion stems partly from the much stronger divergences in the performance of asset classes over the past several months, and particularly since the victory of Donald Trump in the US presidential election. Correlations between the prices of financial assets across the world have fallen to their lowest levels since the global financial crisis as expectations of reflationary policies under the Trump administration accentuate divergences in monetary policies and, crucially, increase the importance of fundamentals and country-specific conditions in determining the performance of assets. While asset prices are still being distorted by the ultra-loose monetary policies of central banks – large swaths of the European and Japanese government debt markets are negative-yielding – equities, bonds and currencies in developed and developing economies are no longer moving in lockstep. Moreover, stronger economic data in both regions – manufacturing and services sector activity in the eurozone is expanding at its fastest pace in six years while China’s recovering manufacturing sector has just stopped shedding employment for the first time since 2012 – is buoying sentiment, reducing the scope for volatile “risk on, risk off” trading conditions in which investors behave in a herd-like manner depending on the state of the markets. In a report earlier this year, Morgan Stanley noted that global markets are witnessing a “correlation crash” in which “regional correlations, cross-asset correlations and individual stock and [foreign-exchange] correlations have fallen simultaneously. We haven’t seen a shift this severe in over a decade”. This is a boon for so-called macro traders who profit from political and economic divergences between countries by placing bets on different nations’ currencies, bonds and equities. More importantly, it suggests that some degree of normality is returning to markets after years in which central banks’ ultra-accommodative monetary policies distorted asset prices heavily, allowing fundamentals to become dangerously detached from market conditions. In 2015, the International Monetary Fund warned that “the substantial rise in correlations between asset markets in advanced and emerging market economies points to an increased possibility of [financial] contagion or spillovers in periods of stress”. This risk has clearly receded. Since Trump’s victory in the US election, Morgan Stanley’s cross-asset correlation index has fallen to its lowest level in 14 years. This is the good news. The bad news, however, is that the rapid decline in correlations between asset classes has contributed to a worryingly sharp fall in volatility levels in markets in the face of a plethora of risks and vulnerabilities. The popular Vix Index, Wall Street’s so-called “fear gauge” which measures the expected volatility of the US equity market implied by derivative contracts, currently stands at just 12.3 points, close to the record low of below 10 touched before the global financial crisis. The extraordinary calm in markets is dangerously at odds with mounting concerns on the part of investors and asset managers, particularly in Europe. According to the latest global fund manager survey from Bank of America Merrill Lynch, 33 per cent of respondents believe European politics represents the biggest “tail risk” for markets this year. Less scope for financial contagion is to be welcomed – but not if the price for this is excessive complacency. Nicholas Spiro is a partner at Lauressa Advisory More articles by Nicholas Spiro Enjoy the emerging markets rally while it lasts 27 Mar 2017 - 11:03pm 1 The disconnect between investors and commentators 20 Mar 2017 - 10:45pm Why investors are taking tighter policy in their stride 16 Mar 2017 - 10:46pm   Most Popular Viewed 1 HSBC’s compliance rules require more client account information 2 Why China’s economic jabs at South Korea are self-defeating 3 Moscow and Beijing unite to bypass US dollar in world money market 4 End to bank queues? Asia embraces digital-only revolution 5 Poly reports strong sales at Kai Tak after SHKP reported bumper Saturday sales Shared 1 Why China’s economic jabs at South Korea are self-defeating 2 HSBC’s compliance rules require more client account information 3 Moscow and Beijing unite to bypass US dollar in world money market 4 Poly reports strong sales at Kai Tak after SHKP reported bumper Saturday sales 5 End to bank queues? Asia embraces digital-only revolution Commented 1 One-bedroom flats make a return...at more than HK$10m 2 US Disney to inject HK$350 million for Hong Kong expansion 3 Education doesn’t need more money, it needs less 4 Action urged on Hong Kong flat grabs in first-time buys 5 Rates will do nothing to burst Hong Kong property bubble       You may also like Film & TV Crazy Rich Asians casts its Chinese male lead – and he’s half-white 30 Mar 2017 - 8:16am 19 Gaming experience poised to get even better In partnership with: HKT PREMIER Hong Kong Weather to bring four seasons in one day 31 Mar 2017 - 8:38pm 2 The business of maritime excellence Sponsored by: Transport and Housing Bureau Society The Indonesian child maids of Hong Kong, Singapore 26 Mar 2017 - 12:36am 12 Opinion Why a Beijing-Taipei conflict would be lose-lose on all levels 25 Mar 2017 - 6:34pm 34 Politics John Tsang: popular with the people, not with the voters 29 Mar 2017 - 12:15am 25 Politics How Hong Kong’s Carrie Lam went from protester to leader in waiting 25 Mar 2017 - 2:34pm 11 Hong Kong Escalator going ‘twice as fast’: witnesses relive mall accident that injured 18 26 Mar 2017 - 7:21pm 28 News Teenage Singaporean blogger Amos Yee granted asylum in U.S. 25 Mar 2017 - 11:29pm 127 World Chinese elders’ Canada immigration bids bog down in Hong Kong 23 Mar 2017 - 12:58pm 27 China Chinese soccer fans flock to the streets after surprise win over South Korea 24 Mar 2017 - 8:41am 22 South China Morning Post Stay connected Facebook Twitter Hong Kong Politics Economy Health & Environment Law & Crime Education & Community News China Hong Kong Asia World China Policies & Politics Diplomacy & Defence Money & Wealth Society Economy Tech Business Companies Markets Property Investor Relations Mutual Funds Economy China Economy Money & Wealth Country Reports Tech China Tech Enterprises Social & Gadgets Start-ups Apps & Gaming Innovation Leaders & Founders Science & Research E-Commerce Lifestyle Arts & Entertainment Health & Beauty Film & TV Food & Drink Families Music Fashion & Luxury Books Travel & Leisure Watches Sport Hong Kong China Golf Racing Rugby Soccer Tennis Boxing Comment Insight & Opinion Harry's View Blogs Polls Letters Multimedia Video Photos Infographics SCMP Chronicles Magazine Post Magazine Style Good Eating Destination Macau HK Magazine Archive Other Weather Most Popular 7 Days Index Country Reports Crossword Promotions Directories Luxehomes At your service Business Services Directory MICE Biz Restaurant Directory Information Buy SCMP Photos Copyright Licensing RSS Feeds SCMP.com search Historical Archive Print Subscription Advertising Opportunities Contact our Advertising Sales HK Rate card Overseas Rate Card China Rate Card The Marketer SCMP Marketing Solutions SCMP Outdoor Advertising Recruitment Advertising Events SCMP Events Operation Santa Claus Other Sites CPJobs.com Education Post Young Post Cosmopolitan CosmoGIRL! Elle Harpers Bazaar Racing Post SCMP Mobile Edition IOS Android Window SCMP TABLET Edition iOS HTML5 Android HTML5 SCMP ePaper Edition SCMP ePaper Edition SIGN UP for SCMP eNewsletter SCMP Publishers Privacy Policy FAQs Terms & Conditions Work For Us Contact Us Copyright © 2017 South China Morning Post Publishers Ltd. All rights reserved.
Main Menu News Subscribe About Us Advertise Shop Print Edition Jobs Donate Campaigns Contact More Print Edition Campaigns Jobs Advertise Contact News Categories Britain World Editorial Features Sport Arts Account Management Login / Register THE PEOPLE'S DAILY FIGHTING FUND YOU'VE RAISED: £16000 WE NEED: £18000 27 Days Remaining Donate Today Britain World Editorial Features Sport Arts Britain Performers stage theatrical protest in British Museum Apr 2017 Monday 3rd posted by Morning Star in Britain by Sam Tobin PROTESTERS gatecrashed the British Museum dressed as executives from banks responsible for funding the hated Dakota Access oil pipeline (DAPL), which threatens the water supply of a Native American tribe. Activists from BP or not BP? constructed a replica pipeline inside the museum’s Great Court on Saturday to draw attention to the campaign to “defund” the project, which was approved by US President Donald Trump in February. The demonstrators then attempted to install the pipeline in the museum’s North America gallery but were stopped by security. The British Museum, sponsored by DAPL funders Citigroup, Morgan Stanley and JP Morgan Chase, has faced growing criticism for its connection with oil giant BP after it was revealed that its new sponsorship deal was not discussed by its trustees. One of the performers, Olivia Marlowe, said: “Indigenous peoples have been opposing this pipeline ever since it was announced, through peaceful protest, legal action and, now, by calling for banks to pull out of funding the project. “We’re supporting the defund DAPL campaign which is in solidarity with the Standing Rock Sioux tribe. “It’s particularly disgraceful that JP Morgan Chase is sponsoring indigenous North Americans’ artefacts in this museum while funding a project that threatens indigenous people’s lands, in the face of huge opposition to the pipeline.” Last week, ING bank sold its stake in the loan financing the pipeline after meeting with the Standing Rock Sioux tribe, who explained how the route of the pipeline threatens their water supply and violates their treaty rights. Related Tags: oil British Museum Dakota Access pipeline It looks like you've got Adblock Plus installed. The Morning Star relies on advertising revenue — please consider unsubscribing or placing us on Adblock Plus' whitelist. Owned By Our Readers We're a reader-owned co-operative, which means you can become part of the paper too by buying shares in the People’s Press Printing Society. Become a Supporter Subscribe Have the Morning Star at your fingertips, wherever you are. Subscribe Now Latest Racist thugs are not welcome here Protesters call on council to reopen library Families face a harsh future How far has Labour come since 1997? Advertisement The Morning Star All Rights Reserved Owned by Our Readers We're a reader-owned co-operative, which means you can become part of the paper too by buying shares in the People’s Press Printing Society. Become a Supporter Info Privacy Policy Terms of Use Returns Policy Published by Companies House Number: IP12750R Registered office: William Rust House, 52 Beachy Road, London E3 2NS, UK Telephone: 020 8510 0815 Website Designed and Developed by LemonDigits Ltd
HOME EDITION News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance CNBC Explains Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows Watch Live CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Full Episodes More Log In | Register Log Out News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Consumer Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Take a Tour Subscribe Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance CNBC Explains Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Special Reports Balancing Priorities CNBC Disruptor 50 Iconic Tour CNBC Upstart 25 SXSW Tech Transformers Trader Talk Future Opportunities Retail Report Original Series Executive Edge Trading Nation Futures Now Retire Well The Pulse @ 1 Market The Bottom Line CNBC Events Davos Delivering Alpha eMerge Americas iCONIC Conference Cambridge Cyber Summit Sohn Conference Follow CNBC EDITION Register Log In Profile Email Preferences PRO Sign Out Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Take a Tour Subscribe LIVE TV Watch CNBC TV Watch CNBC Pro Watchlist X × × × × Futures Now Futures Now Tutorials Blog Videos Jackie DeAngelis Disclaimer JPM strategist: Here’s why investors should buy on the next pullback Annie Pei 10 Hours AgoCNBC.com SHARES JPM: Buy on the next pullback    Friday, 31 Mar 2017 | 11:29 AM ET | 01:52 ‹ 01:52 JPM: Buy on the next pullback    03/31/17 11:29 AM ET 02:04 JPM'S Parker sees stronger earnings outlook for 2017    03/31/17 11:19 AM ET 02:48 Here's why gold will rally higher this year    03/31/17 12:11 PM ET › A pause in the rally could be coming, says one strategist, who adds that this downturn could be a prime buying opportunity for investors. Other analysts on Wall Street have called for more market volatility in the coming months thanks to political uncertainty in the U.S. and Europe. However, Stephen Parker, head of thematic solutions at J.P. Morgan Private Bank, believes investors shouldn't panic. "What we're telling clients is, 'be patient right now,'" he said last week on CNBC's "Futures Now."He added: "We may see some volatility, but if you do see a pullback in markets, that's more an opportunity to buy than a reason to think that this rally is over." According to Parker, while pro-business policy out of Washington could drive stocks higher, the bull case ultimately hinges on what he sees as improving global growth, and the potential for stronger earnings for the rest of the year. "You're starting to see that translate into a positive momentum on the earnings front," Parker explained, adding that the move was bigger than the "secular growth" sectors like technology and health care. Those "have led over recent years, but really the more cyclical parts of the market like banks and energy," are also showing strength, he added. These same cyclical sectors, said Parker, are "really leveraged to an improving U.S. and global growth story" and will ultimately provide "tailwinds" for markets to move higher regardless of what happens in D.C. This means that while investors may be looking for the trade and tax policies promised by Trump in his presidential campaign, Parker actually sees market fundamentals as the lead cause for why stocks will "grind higher" this year. Markets did sell off last week as a result of Trump's failed health care bill, but all three major indexes had regained those losses by the end of the week. Parker sees the S&P 500 Index running up another 3 percent higher by year-end, though he stresses that that's only the "base case" for stocks, with policy changes and stronger market fundamentals potentially driving stocks even higher. Annie PeiAssociate Producer Related Securities Symbol Price   Change %Change .SPXT --- Futures Now Why investors should buy on the next pullback, JPMorgan says A trader thinks it's bullion's time to shine Gold had a good first quarter, and it bodes well for the second. Ron Paul: The ‘euphoria’ in the markets has passed Brace for a market pullback, but don't blame health care: Raymond James Raymond James'Jeffrey Saut warns investors that stocks are susceptible to big losses near-term. More From Futures Now The health-care vote could set up a ‘fantastic rest of the year’ for markets: JPM BofA: History says the S&P could reach 3,000 sooner than you think Stock market rally on thin ice, odds of deep sell-off growing: Citi Private Bank Top strategist says this will keep the bulls running on Wall Street This is the biggest risk BlackRock sees in the bond market Top strategist: A correction is coming, but here’s why you should buy into it Pimco: If Fed gets timid about hiking interest rates, it could create 'tantrum' in bond market Art Cashin warns that there’s something ‘disturbing’ happening in the market How Trump, GOP-led Congress are setting up a golden opportunity to buy the dollar: Strategist This is the next ‘meteorite’ that could hit US markets: JPMorgan strategist Contact Futures Now Showtimes Watch Futures Now Tuesdays & Thursdays 1p ET exclusively on cnbc.com! iPad Users Watch Here! Jackie DeAngelis CNBC Reporter, Host "Futures Now" Anthony Grisanti President, GRZ Energy Inc. Jim Iuorio Managing Director, TJM Institutional Services Subscribe Like us on Facebook Sponsor Links Market Commentary CME Group brings buyers and sellers together through its CME Globex electronic trading platform and trading facilities in New York and Chicago. OpenMarkets Blog Click to learn more Take your trading to the next level with a platform that lets you trade stocks, options, futures and forex all in one place with no platform or data with no trade minimums. Open an account with TD Ameritrade and get up to $600 cash. To view this site, you need to have JavaScript enabled in your browser, and either the Flash Plugin or an HTML5-Video enabled browser. Download the latest Flash player and try again. Playing Share this video... × Watch Next...
24/7 Wall St. - Insightful Analysis and Commentary for U.S. and Global Equity Investors Search this site Business Aerospace & Defense Autos Banking & Finance Commodities & Metals Consumer Products Energy Healthcare Industrials Infrastructure Media Retail Services Technology Apps & Software Consumer Electronics Telecom & Wireless Apple Inc. Facebook Google Investing Analyst Upgrades Bankruptcy Buffett Corporate Governance Corporate Performance Dividends and Buybacks Earnings ETFs and Mutual Funds International Markets IPOs and Secondaries Mergers and Acquisitions Personal Finance Rumors Value Investing Economy Energy Government Regulation Healthcare Housing Jobs Special Report Brands and Products Cities Countries States ELF Beauty Closes in on Secondary Offering By Chris Lange March 31, 2017 10:25 am EDT Print Email Tweet e.l.f. Beauty Inc. (NYSE: ELF) has filed an S-1 form with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) regarding its secondary offering. The company priced its 8.34 million shares at $27 per share, with an overallotment option for an additional 1.251 million shares. At this price, the entire offering is valued up to $258.96 million. The underwriters for the offering are JPMorgan, Morgan Stanley, Piper Jaffray, Wells Fargo, William Blair, BMO Capital Markets, Cowen, Stifel and SunTrust Robinson Humphrey. This is one of the fastest growing, most innovative cosmetics companies in the United States. ELF Beauty has challenged the traditional belief that quality cosmetics are only available at high prices in select channels. The company offers high-quality, prestige-inspired beauty products for eyes, lips and face at extraordinary value, with the majority of its items retailing for $6 or less. These price points encourage trial and experimentation, while the commitment to quality and a differentiated consumer engagement model engenders loyalty among a passionate and vocal group of consumers. ELF Beauty believes its success is rooted in the innovation process and ability to build direct consumer relationships. Born as an e-commerce company over a decade ago, it has created a modern consumer engagement and responsive innovation model that keeps products on-trend and consumers engaged as brand ambassadors. The consumers provide real-time feedback through reviews and social media, which enables ELF Beauty to refine and augment its product portfolio in response to their needs. The company leverages its fast-cycle product development and asset-light supply chain to launch high-quality products in as few as 20 weeks from concept, and 27 weeks on average. The products are first launched on elfcosmetics.com, and distribution is generally only broadened to its retail customers after ELF Beauty receives strong consumer validation online. The company believes this has led to consistently strong retail sales per linear foot of shelf space. This is also one of the fastest growing cosmetics brands at Target, Walmart and CVS. The net proceeds from this offering are going toward the selling stockholders. Shares of ELF traded up 3.1% at $28.47 Friday morning, with a consensus analyst price target of $31.00 and a 52-week trading range of $23.73 to $32.54. I'm interested in the Newsletter Get Newsletter terms and conditions   By Chris Lange « Streaming Music Is Top Music Industry Revenue Generator How Akari Therapeutics Is Putting Itself on the Map » Read more: Consumer Products, IPOs and Secondaries Free Daily Newsletter Subscribe Terms & Conditions Sponsors Popular 25 Worst Tasting Beers in America Most Educated City in Each State The Richest Town in Every State Youngest County in Every State The Biggest Company the Year You Were Born Recent Over 3,000 Tickets Available For NCAA Men’s Basketball Championship Tesla Delivers Over 25,000 Cars In First Quarter Insider Buying Steady as Q1 Closes: Sears, Ford, Continental Resources, Fifth Street Finance and More What You Must Know Before Subscribing to a VPN Get Quote for: Symbol Lookup Search 3 Mortgage Facts That May Surprise You Don't Let These Mistakes Take a Bite Out of Your Retirement Savings OptionsHouse vs. TradeKing: Better Broker for an IRA? North Carolina to face Gonzaga in NCAA men's basketball championship Monday night Rare 1804 silver dollar fetches nearly $3.3M in record-breaking coin collection auction: AP Ford recalls 53,000 2017 F-250 trucks because they can roll even when parked: AP New Breakout Stocks Zacks Rank #1 (Strong Buy) Can Raymond James Financial (RJF) Stock Continue to Grow Earnings? Top Ranked Income Stocks to Buy for March 31st Stocks start second quarter on firm note, U.S. policy in focus as Trump-Xi talks loom Apple sparks row with pledge to drop Imagination Tech graphics Tesla delivers quarterly record of 25,000 vehicles in first quarter Asian markets gain on Japan data, awaiting US-China meeting Senate Panel Expected to Approve Trump's Supreme Court Pick Oil Falls on Oversupply Worries Attorney For Bill O’Reilly Accuser Calls Fox News ‘The Bill Cosby Of Corporate America’ Billionaire Mark Cuban Says Trump's Too Clueless To Collude With Russia Ivanka Trump Keeping Stake In D.C. Hotel Despite White House Role, Filings Show Home About Us Disclaimer and Terms of Use Privacy Policy Contact Us Advertise AOL-HuffPost Money & Finance ©2017 24/7 Wall St. | Powered by WordPress.com VIP
Login / Register New York Miami Los Angeles TRData LLNYC News Residential Commercial Finance Tech Politics Paydirt The Long View China Watch Magazine Current Issue The Closings Issue archives Special issue archive Subscribe to Magazine TRData Properties People Companies Deal Sheet Rankings Events Industry Calendar TRD Events TRD Info About us Advertising Careers The Real Deal New York Realogy’s “recruiting machine” eyes new CEO Richard Smith has a new contract, but the board is also looking toward the future By E.B. Solomont | March 30, 2017 06:00PM Corcoran Group CEO Pam Liebman and Realogy CEO Richard Smith There’s going to be a new captain steering Realogy’s ship, just not quite yet. The New Jersey-based parent company of the Corcoran Group and Citi Habitats is officially hunting for a chief executive to succeed Smith, who last month vowed that Realogy would become a “recruiting machine” for top agents. Earlier this month, the board offered Smith a new, two-year contract while it formalizes a succession plan for the 63-year-old executive, according to regulatory filings. Terms of Smith’s new contract include a $1 million base salary and other benefits, including $6.5 million in long-term incentives, the filings said. Last year, Smith took home $8.65 million, including salary and benefits, according to filings. But thanks to a smaller bonus, that was shy of 2015’s total compensation of $9.1 million. Realogy officials declined to elaborate on what’s likely to be an internal and external search, but analysts have been keeping tabs on Smith’s contract, which was to expire next month. Smith was named CEO in 2007 after spending 10 years at the helm of Cendant Corp.’s real estate division, which was spun off to create Realogy. Last year, Realogy generated $5.8 billion in revenue, up 2 percent from 2015. Anthony Paolone, an analyst at JPMorgan Chase who follows Realogy, said since that Smith’s goal has been to get the business back on track, drive growth and pay down debt since the company’s IPO in 2012. He’s largely accomplished those goals. “He navigated Realogy through the worst housing crisis in history,” Paolone said. “This puts succession on the table.” At 63, Smith is also nearing the traditional age of retirement. And while privately-held real estate firms have historically neglected succession planning, the boards of public companies are focused on ensuring the business can survive a leadership transition. Still, Realogy may have to confront a lack of candidates ready to take over the C-suite. The housing crisis depleted the ranks of mid-level execs who would be candidates for top jobs today, according to Graham Beatty, a partner in the New York office of executive search firm Heidrick & Struggles. Beatty, who leads the firm’s real estate division, described a “barbell effect.” “There are very senior and junior folks. But that mid-level has been impacted by the financial crisis,” he said. “Oftentimes, talent has left the real estate world and gone into different industries.” In SEC filings, Realogy said it launched a committee in October to formally search for a CEO to succeed Smith. As part of the process, the committee is also looking for someone to fill a newly-created role of president and COO. “We’re creating a new COO role to ensure we have a deep bench of management talent,” said Mark Panus, Realogy’s senior vice president of corporate communications. Corcoran Group CEO Pam Liebman’s track record in New York has fed speculation that she’s being eyed for a larger role within NRT, the division of Realogy that owns Corcoran, Citi Habitats and Sotheby’s International Realty’s New York office. “She’s capable of running something much larger,” Smith told The Real Deal last year. “Someday, she could run NRT.” Meanwhile, Smith is orchestrating more recruiting companywide. “Don’t think there’s a start and finish to our recruitment efforts, we’re going to continue,” he said during a Feb. 24 earnings call. “We’re turning this company into a recruiting machine and that’s not going to stop.” Miriam Hall contributed reporting. Tags: realogy, Residential Real Estate Short URL Print Subscribe to our e-Lerts New York Real Estate News Daily Updates Weekly Roundup South Florida Real Estate News Daily Updates Weekly Roundup Los Angeles Real Estate News Daily Updates Weekly Roundup China Watch Coming soon! Weekly Roundup Popular PHOTOS: Air rights guru Bob Shapiro celebrates 55 years in the biz Blackstone, Ivanhoe lock in additional $150M for Stuy Town Are you there, Jared? It’s me, Bill: Mayor chats with Kushner “somewhat regularly,” EDC head says Ashkenazy, DekaBank look to sell the retail condos at 522 Fifth Kushner, Extell to market Pier Village New Jersey condos in New York More Stories Sites South Florida Los Angeles TRData LLNYC Other Links Directory Shop About Us Staff Directory Contact Us Privacy Policy Careers STAY CONNECTED Join over 200,000 real estate professionals who receive our daily newsletter All rights reserved © 2017 The Real Deal is a registered Trademark of Korangy Publishing Inc. 450 West 31st Street, New York, NY 10001 Phone: 212-260-1332 MENU News Residential Commercial Finance Tech Politics Paydirt The Long View China Watch Magazine Current Issue The Closings Issue archives Special issue archive Subscribe to Magazine TRData Properties People Companies Deal Sheet Rankings Events Industry Calendar TRD Events TRD Info About us Advertising Careers
Tech Insider BI Intelligence Events Trending Tech Insider Finance Politics Strategy Life Sports Video All × From To You have successfully emailed the post. × 
     

 Why Apple is redesigning the next iPhone, in 1 simple diagram Kif Leswing Apr. 2, 2017, 9:00 AM 27,176 facebook linkedin twitter email print Wall Street analysts agree on one thing about Apple's next iPhone, expected to launch this fall: it's going to come with a major redesign, featuring much smaller bezels around the phone's screen. One reason why Apple would do that is so it can pack a bigger screen in a smaller device. Basically, the next iPhone won't be much larger, but it could have a bigger screen. This is perfectly illustrated in a diagram from JPMorgan's Rod Hall: JPMorgan This will allow Apple to keep up with the top Android phone makers, like Samsung. The Galaxy S8 released earlier this week has a bigger screen than Apple's phones, but in a smaller body. It looks like this: Business Insider More insights from JPMorgan's Rod Hall on Apple's upcoming "super cycle" are available in this article.  SEE ALSO: One of Wall Street's top firms just laid out everything you need to know about the iPhone 8 More: Apple iPhone 8 JPMorgan facebook linkedin twitter email print × Recommended For You Powered by Sailthru Why Apple is redesigning the next iPhone, in 1 simple diagram Why Apple is redesigning the next iPhone, in 1 simple diagram Wall Street analysts agree on one thing about... Recommended For You Disclaimer Featured Foreign policy star Anne-Marie Slaughter: the 2 key lessons that helped me most in my career More "Idea Factory" » Craiglist's founder Craig Newmark on overcoming 'my suckage as a manager' More "Idea Factory" » Tech Insider Emails & Alerts Get the best of Business Insider delivered to your inbox every day. Sign-Up Get the Slide Deck from Henry Blodget's IGNITION Presentation on the Future of Digital     Read Business Insider On The Go Available on iOS or Android Find A Job Tech Jobs C-Level Jobs Media Jobs Design Jobs Finance Jobs Sales Jobs See All Jobs » Thanks to our partners Follow us on: Also check out: * Copyright © 2017 Business Insider Inc. All rights reserved. Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. Disclaimer Commerce Policy Made in NYC Stock quotes by finanzen.net International Editions: UK DE AUS ID IN MY SG PL SE NL FR IT JP
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Navient Corp - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Navient Corp with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Equinix, Inc. (EQIX) Receives $409.42 Average Price Target from Analysts Costco Wholesale Co. (COST) Given Average Rating of “Buy” by Analysts Navient Corp (NAVI) Given Average Rating of “Hold” by Brokerages Wells Fargo & Co (WFC) Shares Sold by Arbor Wealth Management LLC 4,254 Shares in Ventas, Inc. (VTR) Acquired by GSA Capital Partners LLP Frontier Communications Corp (FTR) Shares Bought by GSA Capital Partners LLP GSA Capital Partners LLP Invests $262,000 in Liberty Property Trust (LPT) GSA Capital Partners LLP Purchases Shares of 12,600 Four Corners Property Trust Inc (FCPT) VTTI Energy Partners LP (VTTI) Shares Sold by GSA Capital Partners LLP GSA Capital Partners LLP Invests $254,000 in Synovus Financial Corp. (SNV) Anthem Inc (ANTM) Shares Sold by GSA Capital Partners LLP Janus Capital Management LLC Increases Stake in International Business Machines Corp. (IBM) SRS Capital Advisors Inc. Takes Position in Visa Inc (V) 6,300 Shares in Jack Henry & Associates, Inc. (JKHY) Acquired by Two Sigma Investments LP Novadaq Technologies Inc. (NVDQ) Stake Raised by Two Sigma Investments LP 44,782 Shares in El Pollo LoCo Holdings Inc (LOCO) Acquired by Two Sigma Investments LP 55,917 Shares in Iridium Communications Inc (IRDM) Acquired by Two Sigma Investments LP Roundview Capital LLC Raises Stake in Home Depot Inc (HD) Gardner Lewis Asset Management L P Has $11,218,000 Stake in Alphabet Inc (GOOG) Alphabet Inc (GOOG) Position Cut by Davy Asset Management Ltd Navient Corp (NAVI) Given Average Rating of “Hold” by Brokerages April 2nd, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Patrick Bannon Filed Under: Consensus Rating Articles - Finance Tweet Navient Corp (NASDAQ:NAVI) has earned an average rating of “Hold” from the ten ratings firms that are currently covering the company. Eight research analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and two have given a buy rating to the company. The average twelve-month price target among brokerages that have covered the stock in the last year is $17.19. A number of research analysts recently commented on the stock. Jefferies Group LLC assumed coverage on shares of Navient Corp in a research note on Wednesday, December 7th. They issued a “hold” rating and a $18.00 price target on the stock. Zacks Investment Research upgraded shares of Navient Corp from a “sell” rating to a “hold” rating in a research note on Tuesday, December 6th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. lowered shares of Navient Corp from an “overweight” rating to a “neutral” rating and set a $19.00 price target on the stock. in a research note on Tuesday, January 17th. Barclays PLC set a $21.00 price target on shares of Navient Corp and gave the company a “buy” rating in a research note on Sunday, January 8th. Finally, Credit Suisse Group AG lowered shares of Navient Corp from an “outperform” rating to a “neutral” rating and decreased their price target for the company from $18.50 to $18.00 in a research note on Wednesday, January 4th. Navient Corp (NASDAQ:NAVI) opened at 14.76 on Tuesday. The firm has a market capitalization of $4.30 billion, a P/E ratio of 6.96 and a beta of 2.57. The firm’s 50-day moving average is $14.88 and its 200 day moving average is $15.29. Navient Corp has a 52-week low of $11.01 and a 52-week high of $17.95. Navient Corp (NASDAQ:NAVI) last announced its quarterly earnings results on Tuesday, January 24th. The company reported $0.43 EPS for the quarter, missing the Zacks’ consensus estimate of $0.44 by $0.01. Navient Corp had a net margin of 13.72% and a return on equity of 15.65%. During the same quarter last year, the business posted $0.49 earnings per share. Equities analysts anticipate that Navient Corp will post $1.83 EPS for the current year. The firm also recently announced a quarterly dividend, which was paid on Friday, March 17th. Shareholders of record on Friday, March 3rd were given a dividend of $0.16 per share. The ex-dividend date was Wednesday, March 1st. This represents a $0.64 dividend on an annualized basis and a dividend yield of 4.34%. Navient Corp’s payout ratio is presently 30.19%. TRADEMARK VIOLATION WARNING: This piece of content was reported by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are accessing this piece of content on another domain, it was illegally stolen and republished in violation of U.S. & international copyright and trademark laws. The legal version of this piece of content can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/02/navient-corp-navi-given-average-rating-of-hold-by-brokerages.html. Hedge funds and other institutional investors have recently made changes to their positions in the company. Bank of New York Mellon Corp raised its position in shares of Navient Corp by 2.2% in the third quarter. Bank of New York Mellon Corp now owns 5,300,133 shares of the company’s stock worth $76,693,000 after buying an additional 113,327 shares during the last quarter. Stevens Capital Management LP raised its position in shares of Navient Corp by 1,255.5% in the third quarter. Stevens Capital Management LP now owns 212,384 shares of the company’s stock worth $3,073,000 after buying an additional 196,716 shares during the last quarter. Allianz Asset Management AG raised its position in shares of Navient Corp by 2.8% in the fourth quarter. Allianz Asset Management AG now owns 653,265 shares of the company’s stock worth $10,733,000 after buying an additional 17,859 shares during the last quarter. TD Asset Management Inc. raised its position in shares of Navient Corp by 15.5% in the third quarter. TD Asset Management Inc. now owns 977,101 shares of the company’s stock worth $14,139,000 after buying an additional 131,166 shares during the last quarter. Finally, Korea Investment CORP raised its position in shares of Navient Corp by 437.8% in the third quarter. Korea Investment CORP now owns 452,800 shares of the company’s stock worth $6,552,000 after buying an additional 368,600 shares during the last quarter. Hedge funds and other institutional investors own 93.89% of the company’s stock. About Navient Corp Navient Corporation is a loan management, servicing and asset recovery company. The Company holds the portfolio of education loans insured or guaranteed under the Federal Family Education Loan Program (FFELP), as well as the portfolio of Private Education Loans. FFELP Loans are insured or guaranteed by state based on guaranty agreements among the United States Department of Education (ED) and these agencies. Receive News & Ratings for Navient Corp Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Navient Corp and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Ex-Trump Advisor Michael Flynn Seeking Immunity Challenges on Rollback of Climate Policies to Come President Trump Creating American Innovation Office Republicans in Senate Vote to Repeal Rules on Internet Privacy Sanctuary Cities Being Named by Trump Administration © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance LPL Financial Holdings Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for LPL Financial Holdings Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News INC Research Holdings Inc (INCR) Short Interest Update Short Interest in LPL Financial Holdings Inc (LPLA) Drops By 30.1% Analysts Set Haemonetics Co. (HAE) PT at $33.50 Brokerages Set Premium Brands Holdings Corp (PBH) Price Target at $78.71 Cynosure, Inc. (CYNO) Sees Significant Drop in Short Interest Extreme Networks, Inc (EXTR) Sees Significant Decrease in Short Interest Analysts Set Trinseo S.A. (TSE) Price Target at $60.67 Analysts Set Delphi Automotive PLC (DLPH) Price Target at $84.67 Genocea Biosciences Inc (GNCA) Receives $17.53 Average Price Target from Brokerages Brokerages Set Prudential Public Limited Company (PUK) PT at $42.40 Absolute Software (ABT) Receives C$8.08 Consensus Target Price from Analysts FBR & Co Analysts Reduce Earnings Estimates for Lululemon Athletica inc. (LULU) FY2018 EPS Estimates for Hudson Pacific Properties Inc (HPP) Cut by KeyCorp Hexcel Co. (HXL) Receives $54.00 Consensus Target Price from Brokerages Analysts Set Veracyte Inc (VCYT) PT at $11.75 First Business Financial Services Inc (FBIZ) Receives $25.33 Average Target Price from Analysts Analysts Set Carillion plc (CLLN) Price Target at $224.43 Ocwen Financial Corp (OCN) Receives $2.50 Average Price Target from Analysts Brokerages Set BBA Aviation plc (BBA) Price Target at $300.14 Proofpoint Inc (PFPT) Receives $87.69 Average PT from Brokerages Short Interest in LPL Financial Holdings Inc (LPLA) Drops By 30.1% April 2nd, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Latisha Jones Filed Under: Finance - Options Articles Tweet LPL Financial Holdings Inc (NASDAQ:LPLA) saw a significant drop in short interest in March. As of March 15th, there was short interest totalling 890,213 shares, a drop of 30.1% from the February 28th total of 1,272,870 shares. Currently, 1.0% of the company’s stock are sold short. Based on an average trading volume of 865,988 shares, the short-interest ratio is presently 1.0 days. LPLA has been the subject of several analyst reports. Zacks Investment Research raised shares of LPL Financial Holdings from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $43.00 price target for the company in a research report on Thursday, January 12th. Goldman Sachs Group Inc raised shares of LPL Financial Holdings from a “neutral” rating to a “conviction-buy” rating and raised their price target for the company from $44.00 to $47.00 in a research report on Monday, March 20th. Finally, SunTrust Banks, Inc. raised their price target on shares of LPL Financial Holdings from $39.00 to $42.00 and gave the company a “hold” rating in a research report on Friday, February 10th. One analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, six have given a hold rating, two have assigned a buy rating and two have given a strong buy rating to the company’s stock. The stock presently has an average rating of “Hold” and a consensus price target of $33.66. In related news, CEO Dan H. Arnold sold 15,428 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Tuesday, March 14th. The shares were sold at an average price of $39.14, for a total transaction of $603,851.92. Following the completion of the sale, the chief executive officer now owns 230,112 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $9,006,583.68. The sale was disclosed in a legal filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is available through this hyperlink. Also, insider Tracy Calder sold 6,465 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Monday, March 13th. The shares were sold at an average price of $39.31, for a total transaction of $254,139.15. Following the sale, the insider now directly owns 34,165 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $1,343,026.15. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Insiders have sold 1,615,952 shares of company stock valued at $65,039,461 in the last three months. 5.70% of the stock is owned by insiders. Large investors have recently made changes to their positions in the company. BlackRock Inc. boosted its stake in shares of LPL Financial Holdings by 8.9% in the third quarter. BlackRock Inc. now owns 32,840 shares of the company’s stock valued at $982,000 after buying an additional 2,680 shares during the last quarter. Robeco Institutional Asset Management B.V. acquired a new stake in shares of LPL Financial Holdings during the third quarter valued at $272,000. JPMorgan Chase & Co. boosted its stake in shares of LPL Financial Holdings by 4.8% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 315,780 shares of the company’s stock valued at $9,445,000 after buying an additional 14,499 shares during the last quarter. UBS Asset Management Americas Inc. boosted its stake in shares of LPL Financial Holdings by 5.5% in the third quarter. UBS Asset Management Americas Inc. now owns 73,171 shares of the company’s stock valued at $2,189,000 after buying an additional 3,843 shares during the last quarter. Finally, Aperio Group LLC acquired a new stake in shares of LPL Financial Holdings during the third quarter valued at $236,000. Shares of LPL Financial Holdings (NASDAQ:LPLA) opened at 39.83 on Friday. The firm has a 50-day moving average of $39.83 and a 200-day moving average of $36.35. The company has a market cap of $3.56 billion, a P/E ratio of 18.70 and a beta of 1.85. LPL Financial Holdings has a 52-week low of $20.51 and a 52-week high of $42.86. LPL Financial Holdings (NASDAQ:LPLA) last announced its quarterly earnings results on Thursday, February 9th. The company reported $0.46 earnings per share for the quarter, topping the consensus estimate of $0.36 by $0.10. LPL Financial Holdings had a net margin of 4.74% and a return on equity of 25.39%. The firm earned $1.01 billion during the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $1.01 billion. During the same quarter in the prior year, the company earned $0.28 EPS. The company’s revenue was down 1.3% compared to the same quarter last year. Equities research analysts forecast that LPL Financial Holdings will post $2.27 earnings per share for the current year. The firm also recently declared a quarterly dividend, which was paid on Friday, March 24th. Stockholders of record on Friday, March 10th were given a $0.25 dividend. The ex-dividend date of this dividend was Wednesday, March 8th. This represents a $1.00 annualized dividend and a dividend yield of 2.51%. LPL Financial Holdings’s payout ratio is presently 46.95%. WARNING: This article was originally reported by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are viewing this article on another site, it was copied illegally and republished in violation of United States & international copyright and trademark laws. The legal version of this article can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/02/short-interest-in-lpl-financial-holdings-inc-lpla-drops-by-30-1.html. LPL Financial Holdings Company Profile LPL Financial Holdings Inc is a broker-dealer, a custodian for registered investment advisors (RIAs) and an independent consultant to retirement plans. The Company provides a platform of brokerage and investment advisory services to independent financial advisors (its advisors), including financial advisors at approximately 700 financial institutions across the country. Receive News & Ratings for LPL Financial Holdings Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for LPL Financial Holdings Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Ex-Trump Advisor Michael Flynn Seeking Immunity Challenges on Rollback of Climate Policies to Come President Trump Creating American Innovation Office Republicans in Senate Vote to Repeal Rules on Internet Privacy Sanctuary Cities Being Named by Trump Administration © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Prudential Public Limited Company - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Prudential Public Limited Company with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Genocea Biosciences Inc (GNCA) Receives $17.53 Average Price Target from Brokerages Brokerages Set Prudential Public Limited Company (PUK) PT at $42.40 Absolute Software (ABT) Receives C$8.08 Consensus Target Price from Analysts FBR & Co Analysts Reduce Earnings Estimates for Lululemon Athletica inc. (LULU) FY2018 EPS Estimates for Hudson Pacific Properties Inc (HPP) Cut by KeyCorp Hexcel Co. (HXL) Receives $54.00 Consensus Target Price from Brokerages Analysts Set Veracyte Inc (VCYT) PT at $11.75 First Business Financial Services Inc (FBIZ) Receives $25.33 Average Target Price from Analysts Analysts Set Carillion plc (CLLN) Price Target at $224.43 Ocwen Financial Corp (OCN) Receives $2.50 Average Price Target from Analysts Brokerages Set BBA Aviation plc (BBA) Price Target at $300.14 Proofpoint Inc (PFPT) Receives $87.69 Average PT from Brokerages Analysts Set Cypress Semiconductor Co. (CY) Price Target at $14.91 Short Interest in Bojangles Inc (BOJA) Increases By 44.7% Calamos Conv. Opptys. & Income Fund (CHI) Sees Significant Decrease in Short Interest Short Interest in Nova Lifestyle Inc (NVFY) Drops By 24.4% Nestle S.A. Announces Dividend of $2.32 (NESN.CH) Credit Suisse AM Inc Fund Inc. (CIK) to Issue Monthly Dividend of $0.02 on April 18th Zacks: Analysts Set $4.13 Target Price for Five Star Senior Living Inc (FVE) Q3 2017 Earnings Estimate for FactSet Research Systems Inc. (FDS) Issued By William Blair Brokerages Set Prudential Public Limited Company (PUK) PT at $42.40 April 2nd, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Tyrone Williams Filed Under: Consensus Rating Articles - Finance Tweet Shares of Prudential Public Limited Company (NYSE:PUK) have earned a consensus rating of “Buy” from the six brokerages that are presently covering the company. Three analysts have rated the stock with a hold recommendation and three have issued a buy recommendation on the company. The average 1 year target price among brokers that have issued ratings on the stock in the last year is $42.40. A number of research analysts have recently commented on PUK shares. Zacks Investment Research upgraded shares of Prudential Public Limited Company from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $44.00 price target on the stock in a report on Wednesday, February 8th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. upgraded shares of Prudential Public Limited Company from an “underweight” rating to a “neutral” rating in a report on Friday, March 17th. Finally, Societe Generale upgraded shares of Prudential Public Limited Company from a “sell” rating to a “hold” rating in a report on Wednesday, January 11th. A number of hedge funds and other institutional investors have recently modified their holdings of PUK. Advisor Group Inc. boosted its position in shares of Prudential Public Limited Company by 1.8% in the third quarter. Advisor Group Inc. now owns 4,921 shares of the company’s stock valued at $172,000 after buying an additional 85 shares during the last quarter. First Republic Investment Management Inc. acquired a new position in shares of Prudential Public Limited Company during the fourth quarter valued at about $226,000. Keybank National Association OH acquired a new position in shares of Prudential Public Limited Company during the fourth quarter valued at about $229,000. Ladenburg Thalmann Financial Services Inc. boosted its position in shares of Prudential Public Limited Company by 12.3% in the fourth quarter. Ladenburg Thalmann Financial Services Inc. now owns 5,967 shares of the company’s stock valued at $235,000 after buying an additional 654 shares during the last quarter. Finally, M&T Bank Corp boosted its position in shares of Prudential Public Limited Company by 8.9% in the third quarter. M&T Bank Corp now owns 6,650 shares of the company’s stock valued at $237,000 after buying an additional 546 shares during the last quarter. Institutional investors own 1.46% of the company’s stock. Prudential Public Limited Company (NYSE:PUK) opened at 42.36 on Thursday. Prudential Public Limited Company has a one year low of $29.14 and a one year high of $44.21. The firm has a 50-day moving average of $41.43 and a 200 day moving average of $38.47. The stock has a market capitalization of $54.44 billion, a PE ratio of 22.56 and a beta of 1.68. The firm also recently announced a semiannual dividend, which will be paid on Friday, May 26th. Shareholders of record on Friday, March 31st will be issued a dividend of $0.744 per share. This represents a yield of 3.5%. This is a boost from Prudential Public Limited Company’s previous semiannual dividend of $0.34. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Wednesday, March 29th. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION WARNING: This report was reported by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are reading this report on another website, it was illegally copied and reposted in violation of US & international trademark and copyright laws. The original version of this report can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/02/brokerages-set-prudential-public-limited-company-puk-pt-at-42-40.html. Prudential Public Limited Company Company Profile Prudential Public Limited Company is an international financial services company. The Company has operations in Asia, the United States and the United Kingdom. Its segments include Insurance operations, including Asia, the United States (Jackson National Life Insurance Company (Jackson)) and the United Kingdom, and Asset management operations, including Eastspring Investments, the United States broker-dealer and asset management, M&G and Prudential Capital. Receive News & Ratings for Prudential Public Limited Company Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Prudential Public Limited Company and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Ex-Trump Advisor Michael Flynn Seeking Immunity Challenges on Rollback of Climate Policies to Come President Trump Creating American Innovation Office Republicans in Senate Vote to Repeal Rules on Internet Privacy Sanctuary Cities Being Named by Trump Administration © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
on Serving Central Oregon since 1903 Monday, April 3, 2017 Subscriber Sign In Manage Account Subscribe Toggle navigation Local/State Education Environment Bend Deschutes County Politics OSU-Cascades Marijuana Sports High School Ducks Beavers Golf Community Sports Outdoors Business Lifestyle Restaurants Drinks Food Home & Garden Family Milestones Fashion Travel Outdoors Cook Like a Chef Opinion Editorials Letters to the Editor Endorsements Submission Policies Erik Lukens column Entertainment Events Music Movies GO! Arts Restaurants Drinks Books TV Health Pulse Magazine Opioids addiction Slideshows Obits MORE Jobs Nation Science/Tech Outdoors Events Classifieds Webcams Special Publications BendHomes.com Subscribe My Account Digital Newsstand Submit a photo Home Local/State Sports Business Lifestyle Entertainment Slideshows Obits Jobs Science/Tech Events Classifieds Webcams BendHomes.com My Account Submit a photo Movies GO! Restaurants Real Estate Home Business Your spending’s down, but that likely won’t last print Share | e-mail Facebook Tweet StumbleUpon Google U.S. consumers Your spending’s down, but that likely won’t last By Shobhana Chandra / Bloomberg Published Apr 2, 2017 at 12:02AM The disappointing start to the year for Americans’ spending probably won’t be the story for the rest of 2017: Faster income growth, higher confidence and a robust labor market are all in place to help ensure a rebound. Personal spending advanced just 0.1 percent in February after a 0.2 percent gain a month earlier, reflecting fewer auto purchases and a drop in outlays for electricity and natural gas amid milder weather, Commerce Department data showed Friday. Incomes, however, climbed 0.4 percent from January and were up 4.6 percent from February of last year, the largest gain since May 2015. Economists, despite projections of softer consumption in the first quarter that’s been a common theme the last three years, expect stronger spending growth will re-emerge. One cautionary note is the steady pickup in inflation, which last month exceeded the Federal Reserve’s goal for the first time since 2012 and will pinch wallets. “It’s a weak start to the year,” said Michael Feroli, chief U.S. economist at JPMorgan Chase & Co. “A lot of it was the weather, and spending could have been held back by the slow payout of tax refunds. This is a blip, and consumer spending will recover in the second quarter. The fundamentals for spending look good.” Separate figures from the University of Michigan showed consumer sentiment climbed in March as a gauge of perceptions about current conditions including personal finances rose to the highest level since July 2005. The Commerce Department’s personal consumption expenditures price index, the Fed’s preferred measure of inflation because it’s based on what consumers are purchasing, rose 2.1 percent in February from a year earlier, the fastest pace in almost five years. Central bankers, who raised interest rates at their March meeting, are expected to lift them further this year following progress on their full employment and 2 percent inflation goals. Adjusting consumer spending for inflation, which generates the figures used to calculate gross domestic product, purchases fell 0.1 percent after a 0.2 percent decrease the previous month. Economists said unusually mild winter weather — February was the second-warmest on record, according to the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration — and delayed tax returns explain much of the slowdown. In February, household outlays on services fell 0.1 percent for a second month after adjusting for inflation. “It would be a mistake to think this is a new trend” in spending, Ian Shepherdson, chief economist at Pantheon Macroeconomics, said in a note after the report. Real income growth is consistent with annualized spending gains of 2 percent to 2.5 percent, he wrote. While a Bloomberg survey of economists from March 10 to March 16 projects 2.6 percent spending growth in the second quarter, there are risks it could disappoint. Sales of automobiles — a big-ticket item — cooled entering 2017 and were flat the past two months. Cars and light trucks sold at an annualized 17.5 million pace in both January and February, down from 18.3 million in December, according to Ward’s Automotive Group data. Rising delinquencies also point to signs of trouble in lending for automobiles. Steve Eisman, the Neuberger Berman Group fund manager who was featured in Michael Lewis’ book “The Big Short,” said he’s concerned about the U.S. subprime-auto market, though he thinks it’s not a big enough asset class to cause problems for the financial system as a whole. 16872639 View next article in Business     Get Central Oregon's top headlines delivered to your inbox every morning GO print version Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. comments powered by Disqus This image is copyrighted. To purchase photo click here! Close window Slideshow The building of a Keith Manufacturing Walking Floor Slideshow Hops harvest Get daily headlines to your inbox GO Connect with The Bulletin Tweets from https://twitter.com/thebulletin/business-writers Popular Comments Popular stories for Business Bend Brewing building new deck 04/01/2017 Work is expected to begin Monday on a new, 2,000 square-foot wraparound ... more Loan denials common for pot workers 04/01/2017 When Melissa Johnson needed a new car last summer, she bought a ... more Bend businessman sentenced to jail 02/11/2016 A Deschutes County Circuit Court judge Thursday sentenced a Bend businessman to ... more Oregon State Bar recognizes cannabis legal specialty 03/30/2017 Some lawyers specialize in criminal law, some in family law, some in ... more Bend call center on hiring campaign 03/31/2017 Ibex Global, which employs about 500 people at a Bend call center, ... more Recent article comments» View more comments» Comments powered by Disqus The Bulletin Contact Us Staff Directory Advertise with Us Frequently Asked Questions Privacy Policy Terms of Use Careers Connect with The Bulletin Subscriptions New Subscription Vacation Hold Back Copies Share Because You Care Newspapers In Education Subscription Rates General Account Help Our Partners Baker City Herald La Grande Observer Northeast Oregon Classifieds Union Democrat Del Norte Triplicate Curry Coastal Pilot Central Oregon Nickel Bend Homes Northwest Web Press Quick Links Digital Newsstand Special Ad Sections Restaurant Guide Obituaries TV Listings Movie Listings ODOT Web Cams Oregon Lottery Parade Magazine Submit an Event Submit a worship service Submit a news tip Photos Submit Photos View Reader Photos View Bulletin Photos Purchase Photos Explore more of Central Oregon with a subscription to The Bulletin. Subscribe © 2017 The Bulletin | A Western Communications Company | All Rights Reserved | 1777 Chandler Ave, Bend, OR 97702 | Email Contacts | 541-382-1811 Quick links Contact Us Frequently Asked Questions Manage Account ODOT Web Cams Movie Listings Restaurant Guide Submit Photos Submit an Event © 2017 The Bulletin | A Western Communications Company | All Rights Reserved | 1777 Chandler Ave, Bend, OR 97702 | Contact us | 541-382-1811
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Kronos Worldwide Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Kronos Worldwide Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News CalAtlantic Group Inc (CAA) Upgraded by TheStreet to B- TheStreet Upgrades Kronos Worldwide, Inc. (KRO) to “B-“ BP Prudhoe Bay Royalty Trust (BPT) Rating Lowered to D+ at TheStreet Seabridge Gold, Inc. (SA) Earns “Sec Perform Spec Market Wgt” Rating from National Bank Financial DXP Enterprises Inc (DXPE) Issues Quarterly Earnings Results, Beats Estimates By $0.41 EPS RXi Pharmaceuticals Corp (RXII) Posts Earnings Results RXi Pharmaceuticals Corp (RXII) Posts Earnings Results Inventure Foods Inc (SNAK) Releases Earnings Results Affimed NV (AFMD) Announces Earnings Results, Beats Expectations By $0.14 EPS Mateon Therapeutics Inc (MATN) Issues Quarterly Earnings Results Eric Leboeuf Purchases 75,000 Shares of Quantum Numbers Corp (QNC) Stock Twitter Inc (TWTR) Rating Reiterated by Aegis Facebook’s (FB) Buy Rating Reaffirmed at Aegis Dicerna Pharmaceuticals Inc (DRNA) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Jefferies Group LLC FMC Corp (FMC) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Robert W. Baird Perficient, Inc. (PRFT) Rating Reiterated by Needham & Company LLC Six Flags Entertainment Corp (SIX) Rating Reiterated by Wedbush Snap Inc (SNAP) Given “Hold” Rating at Aegis AT&T Inc. (T) Given “Buy” Rating at Instinet Momo Inc (MOMO) Earns “Buy” Rating from Jefferies Group LLC TheStreet Upgrades Kronos Worldwide, Inc. (KRO) to “B-“ April 2nd, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Patrick Bannon Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Finance Tweet Kronos Worldwide, Inc. (NYSE:KRO) was upgraded by stock analysts at TheStreet from a “c” rating to a “b-” rating in a research note issued on Wednesday. A number of other equities analysts have also weighed in on KRO. Zacks Investment Research lowered Kronos Worldwide from a “strong-buy” rating to a “hold” rating in a research note on Friday, February 17th. Barclays PLC upped their target price on Kronos Worldwide from $7.00 to $12.00 and gave the stock an “underweight” rating in a research note on Tuesday, March 14th. Finally, Standpoint Research lowered Kronos Worldwide from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating in a research note on Tuesday, March 28th. Shares of Kronos Worldwide (NYSE:KRO) opened at 16.43 on Wednesday. The company has a market capitalization of $1.90 billion, a P/E ratio of 43.93 and a beta of 2.24. The firm has a 50-day moving average price of $14.31 and a 200-day moving average price of $11.36. Kronos Worldwide has a one year low of $4.70 and a one year high of $16.66. The company also recently disclosed a quarterly dividend, which was paid on Thursday, March 16th. Stockholders of record on Tuesday, March 7th were given a dividend of $0.15 per share. The ex-dividend date was Friday, March 3rd. This represents a $0.60 annualized dividend and a dividend yield of 3.65%. Kronos Worldwide’s dividend payout ratio (DPR) is presently -5,994.01%. TRADEMARK VIOLATION NOTICE: “TheStreet Upgrades Kronos Worldwide, Inc. (KRO) to “B-“” was originally posted by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are reading this report on another website, it was copied illegally and republished in violation of U.S. & international copyright & trademark legislation. The legal version of this report can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/02/thestreet-upgrades-kronos-worldwide-inc-kro-to-b.html. Several institutional investors have recently made changes to their positions in KRO. Russell Investments Group Ltd. purchased a new position in shares of Kronos Worldwide during the fourth quarter valued at approximately $12,782,000. Bank of New York Mellon Corp raised its position in shares of Kronos Worldwide by 13.6% in the third quarter. Bank of New York Mellon Corp now owns 1,578,823 shares of the company’s stock valued at $13,088,000 after buying an additional 188,439 shares during the period. Barrow Hanley Mewhinney & Strauss LLC raised its position in shares of Kronos Worldwide by 0.3% in the fourth quarter. Barrow Hanley Mewhinney & Strauss LLC now owns 320,775 shares of the company’s stock valued at $3,830,000 after buying an additional 975 shares during the period. Chicago Equity Partners LLC raised its position in shares of Kronos Worldwide by 27.3% in the third quarter. Chicago Equity Partners LLC now owns 158,850 shares of the company’s stock valued at $1,317,000 after buying an additional 34,040 shares during the period. Finally, JPMorgan Chase & Co. raised its position in shares of Kronos Worldwide by 19,965.0% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 111,160 shares of the company’s stock valued at $922,000 after buying an additional 110,606 shares during the period. Hedge funds and other institutional investors own 13.80% of the company’s stock. About Kronos Worldwide Kronos Worldwide, Inc is a producer and marketer of titanium dioxide (TiO2) pigments, a base industrial product that is used in a range of applications. The Company, along with its distributors and agents, sells and provides technical services for its products in approximately 100 countries with sales in Europe and North America. Receive News & Ratings for Kronos Worldwide Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Kronos Worldwide Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Ex-Trump Advisor Michael Flynn Seeking Immunity Challenges on Rollback of Climate Policies to Come President Trump Creating American Innovation Office Republicans in Senate Vote to Repeal Rules on Internet Privacy Sanctuary Cities Being Named by Trump Administration © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Never miss a great news story! Get instant notifications from Economic Times AllowNot now You can switch off notifications anytime using browser settings. SECTIONS ET APPS ET Android AppET iPhone AppET iPad AppET Wealth Android AppET Blackberry AppET Nokia AppET Markets Android AppET Markets iPhone AppET Money Android App ENGLISH हिन्दीગુજરાતી E-PAPER SIGN-IN FOLLOW US FACEBOOKTWITTERYOUTUBELINKEDINGOOGLE PLUSRSS Money LATEST NEWS The big Chinese connection in this year's IPL Being 'BJP lite' will result in 'Congress zero': Shashi Tharoor RBI to keep rates unchanged, next move likely a cut: Poll Indian Railways revives old wells, quenches summer thirst China, Russia, Pakistan joining hands on Afghan problem: Report March PMI touches 5-month high on new orders, output growth Home MarketsNewsIndustrySmall BizPoliticsWealthMFTech JobsOpinionBlogsNRIMagazinesSlideshowsET NOWET SpeedET Portfolio Small Biz Startups Entrepreneurship SME Sector Policy & Trends Marketing-Branding BrandingMarketing Legal Money SME Listings More HR-LeadershipLeadershipPeopleSecurity-TechTechnologySecuritySmall Biz (USA)E-LearningBusinessData SciencesPersonal Development ET Home›Small Biz›Money 12:11 PM | 03 Aprmarket stats SENSEX 29,817196.88 NIFTY 50 9,21238.15 GOLD (MCX) (Rs/10g.) 28,50037.00 USD/INR 64.910.06 Portfolio Loading... Select Portfolio and Asset Combination for Display on Market Band Select Portfolio Select Asset Class Stocks MF ETF Show More CREATE PORTFOLIO ADD INVESTMENT Download ET MARKETS APP Get ET Markets in your own language DOWNLOAD THE APP NOW +91 CHOOSE LANGUAGE ENG ENG - English HIN - हिन्दी GUJ - ગુજરાતી MAR - मराठी BEN - বাংলা KAN - ಕನ್ನಡ ORI - ଓଡିଆ TEL - తెలుగు TAM - தமிழ் Sensex climbs over 150 points, Nifty50 hits record high; USL slips 5% Drag according to your convenience ET NOW RADIO ET NOW TIMES NOW When 'tourist' investors pour money in startups By Bloomberg | Updated: Apr 03, 2017, 09.57 AM IST Post a Comment READ MORE ON » Softbank | silicon valley | PitchBook | Instacart | Google | Flipkart | Facebook One thing is for sure, though. When the startup investing tourists are everywhere, it's a sign the tech startup boom is far closer to the end than to the beginning. Love visual aspect of news?: Enjoy this exclusive slideshows treat! By Shira Ovide I'm taking you on a nostalgia trip. Remember the olden days (2016), when it seemed outlandish investments in technology startups were a thing of the faraway past (2015)? Snap out of it. Just look at the headlines of the past few weeks. China's on-demand ride king Didi Chuxing is considering a $6 billion investment backed by SoftBank. Airbnb finalized a $1 billion stock sale. Another $1 billion or more is flowing to Indian e-commerce firm Flipkart. Instacart put $400 million in its shopping basket. Google's corporate cousin Verily pulled in an $800 million investment. I know we've all become inured to buckets of money sloshing around in Silicon Valley and other global technology capitals. But these are crazy large sums for young, private companies with unproven businesses. Many of these startup financing deals share a common thread: the participation of investors who aren't the traditional venture-capital crowd. They're the new new new startup money. The post-2010 boom for tech startups was fueled in part by investors other than Sequoia Capital, Kleiner Perkins and similar firms that specialize in backing the next Google or Facebook. Some of these investors include banks' asset-management divisions, mutual funds such as T. Rowe Price, hedge funds and government-owned investment vehicles. No strangers to Silicon Valley, these startup investing "tourists" were around in the dotcom bubble days, too, but closed their checkbooks for a time when the party ended. What's been different in the latest tech boom is the variety and number of investors funneling money to startups, typically in waves. Hedge fund investors and money management firms such as JP Morgan Asset Management plunged in big time in the early 2010s, then pulled away somewhat from investing in tech startups after getting burned on a few investments. There was more than enough money to fill the void. Chinese hedge funds became more active in tech startup investments. Corporations -- even those adorable Muppets -- increasingly are forming divisions to invest in private tech companies. The number of companies with active venture-capital arms doubled from 2009 to 2016, according to PitchBook. Government-owned investment vehicles in Saudi Arabia, Australia, Singapore and beyond have become more active, too. And suddenly, SoftBank has an even bigger cash bazooka and isn't afraid to use it. These non-traditional startup investors have kept the tech boom (or bubble) from deflating. The Bloomberg US Startups Barometer, which tracks fundraising, initial public offerings and acquisitions, is recovering from a three-year low. It's easy to be skeptical of the newcomers, but this is rational behavior on both sides. Investment firms are turning to tech startups to find better-than-blah returns for their money. Without a buffet of financing sources, big-spending companies such as Uber could not have existed. One thing is for sure, though. When the startup investing tourists are everywhere, it's a sign the tech startup boom is far closer to the end than to the beginning. Stay on top of business news with The Economic Times App. Download it Now! FROM AROUND THE WEB 7 Distracted Driving Habits You Need to Avoid Safelite What were the headlines on the day you were born? Newspapers.com If you own a computer you must try this game! Online Strategy GameMORE FROM ECONOMIC TIMES Ask why Lalu cannot contest elections: PM Modi 6 interesting things about the new UP CM, Yogi Adityanath Actress Kalpana given state funeral, celebrities pay homage From Around the WebMore from The Economic Times 9 Worst US States To Retire Due to Taxes, Living Expenses,.. TheFinancialWord.com No gamer should miss this free game Vikings: Free Online Game The Most Addicting Shopping Site For Women Tophatter $91 for a $300 Watch. Here's how I did it. Watch of the Month Club I value money because I have seen tough times—Ajinkya Rahane Railways mulls underground rail link to Hyderabad airport Disappointed BCCI uploaded Jadeja-Wade chat: Steve Smith Seven Indian-origin people who made it big on a global scale READ MORE ON » Softbank | silicon valley | PitchBook | Instacart | Google | Flipkart | Facebook To post this comment you must Log In/Connect with:Indiatimes Network or Fill in your details: Will be displayed Will not be displayed Will be displayed Share this Comment:Post to Twitter Have something to say? Post your comment To post this comment you must Log In/Connect with:Indiatimes Network Fill in your details: Will be displayed Will not be displayed Will be displayed Share this Comment:Post to Twitter Most Read Most Shared Most Commented Amazon, Flipkart battle now moves to in-house brands SoftBank opts out of Snapdeal funding deal Four former Bajaj Auto veterans form start up to finance used two wheelers RNT Capital, Falcon Edge Capital set to invest $100 mn in Ola Online startups on a gravy train after the clampdown on UP's illegal slaughterhouses More » Get a Quote Browse CompaniesABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZ|123456789 Browse Mutual FundsABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZ The Economic Times Live Market News Portfolio Mobile Live TV Newsletter Commodities Speed QnA Blogs Alerts RSS Other Times Group news sitesTimes of India|इकनॉमिक टाइम्स ઈકોનોમિક ટાઈમ્સ|Mumbai Mirror Times Now|Indiatimes नवभारत टाइम्स|महाराष्ट्र टाइम्स ವಿಜಯ ಕರ್ನಾಟಕ|Lifehacker Gizmodo|Eisamay|IGN India NavGujarat Samay Living and entertainmentTimescity|iDiva|Zoom| Luxpresso|Gaana|Happytrips| Cricbuzz|Get Smartapp Networkingitimes|MensXP.com Hot on the WebBSE Sensex|Gold rate today Sensex|Gold rate Income Tax Slabs|Income Tax calculator RBI Monetary Policy Servicesads2book|Gadgetsnow|Free Business Listings Simplymarry|Astrospeak|Timesjobs|Magicbricks|Zigwheels|Timesdeal| dineout|Filmipop|Remit2india|Gaana|Greetzap|Techradar|Alivear| Google Play | Manage Notifications About us/Advertise with us/Terms of Use & Grievance Redressal/Privacy Policy/Feedback/Sitemap/Code of Ethics//Disclaimer Copyright © 2017 Bennett, Coleman & Co. Ltd. All rights reserved. BACK TO TOP Digg Google Bookmarks StumbleUpon Reddit Newsvine Live Bookmarks Technorati Yahoo Bookmarks Blogmarks Del.icio.us ApnaCircle Mail This Article My Saved ArticlesSign inSign up Find this comment offensive? Choose your reason below and click on the Report button. This will alert our moderators to take actionName Reason for reporting:Foul languageSlanderousInciting hatred against a certain communityOthers Your Reason has been Reported to the admin.
Ad Age Creativity Lookbook Datacenter Resources Events Careers On Campus Follow us Follow on Facebook Follow on Twitter Follow on Google+ Follow on LinkedIn Follow on Pinterest Follow on Instagram Follow on YouTube Follow on Tumblr Follow via RSS |   , Logout LOG IN SUBSCRIBE NOW , Logout SUBSCRIBE NOW Advertising Age Advertising Age Marketing Advertising Digital Media Agency Data BtoB Video Search Menu Marketing Advertising Digital Media Agency Data BtoB Video , Logout SUBSCRIBE NOW LOG IN SUBSCRIBE NOW , Logout Adage Creativity Lookbook Datacenter Resources Events Careers On Campus Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Google+ Close Advertising Age Sections Marketing Advertising Digital Media Agency Data BtoB Video Latest Editor's Picks Most Popular LOG IN SUBSCRIBE NOW Search YouTube to Offer Third-Party Brand Safety Tools Following Revolt by Marketers By George Slefo - 1 minute ago Array 0 See Brands Live-Tweet the NCAA Final Four Yesterday Array 0 Did Tide's Super Bowl Stain Stunt Pay Off? 2 days ago Array 0 Omnicom Will Sort Through YouTube Videos to Make Sure They're Appropriate for Brands By Garett Sloane - 2 days ago Array 0 Coke Takes Over From Pepsi as MLB Sponsor By E.J. Schultz - 2 days ago Array 0 Cindy Gallop Doesn't Care What You Think By Ann Marie Kerwin - 32 weeks ago 0 Video: Did Tide's Super Bowl Stain Stunt Pay Off? 2 days ago 0 Omnicom Will Sort Through YouTube Videos to Make Sure They're OK for Brands By Garett Sloane - 2 days ago 0 Snapchat's New Search System Sifts Through 1 Million Stories By Garett Sloane - 2 days ago 0 The 'Brand Safety' Narrative Tearing Up YouTube Is Amusingly Wrong By Andy Ball - 2 days ago 0 Did JPMorgan Chase Just Start A Digital Advertising Revolution? By George Slefo - 2 days ago 0 April Fool's 2017: All the Pranks That Are Fit to Print By Adrianne Pasquarelli - 2 days ago 0 Omnicom Will Sort Through YouTube Videos to Make Sure They're Appropriate for Brands By Garett Sloane - 2 days ago 0 The 'Brand Safety' Narrative Tearing Up YouTube Is Amusingly Wrong By Andy Ball - 2 days ago 0 Panera's Next 'Clean' Crusade: Calling Out Added Sugars in the Drinks It Sells By Jessica Wohl - 2 days ago 0 Aleady a member? Sign in Get More From Ad Age Register to become a member today. You'll get the essential information you need to do your job better, including 7 free articles per month on Ad Age and Creativity Ability to comment on articles and creative work Access to 9 custom e-newsletters like Ad Age Daily, Ad Age Digital and CMO Strategy To get unlimited content and more benefits, check out our Membership page Register Now Want more Access, Content & Connections? We are glad you are enjoying Advertising Age. To get uninterrupted access and additional benefits, become a member today. Upgrade to Membership Already a member? Log in or go back to the homepage. Hey, there. It looks like you're using an ad blocker. The news and features are funded in part by our advertisers. To support Ad Age and the industry we cover please either: SUBSCRIBE or WHITELIST US YouTube to Offer Third-Party Brand Safety Tools Following Revolt by Marketers By George Slefo. Published on April 03, 2017. YouTube is searching for ways out of an abrupt advertiser revolt that has seen some of the world's largest marketers suspend spending with the platform. Credit: Patrick T. Fallon/Bloomberg Most Popular Marketers will soon have more options at their disposal when advertising on YouTube, which said that it's working with third-party brand-safety vendors like DoubleVerify and Integral Ad Science to assure marketers that their budgets won't wind up paying for ads on violent, offensive or otherwise unsavory content. YouTube parent Google said it will work with companies that are accredited by the ad industry's Media Ratings Council for new verification tools, but didn't provide an exact timeline for when those tools would be available. The full list of approved partners was also not immediately available. After the rise of fake news sites where marketers were attacked for appearing, companies like DoubleVerify pounced on the opportunity to provide media-agency networks such as GroupM with better brand safety tools. Since press reports of ads supporting terrorist video on YouTube sparked a full-fledged advertiser revolt last month, the focus has shifted. Advertisers including AT&T, Verizon, Pepsi and Procter & Gamble have frozen spending on YouTube because of brand safety concerns. Agency holding companies WPP and Omnicom said they'll provide brand safety tools for marketers so they can still advertise on YouTube, but it's unclear whether or not their clients' concerns have been assuaged. Although Google's move seems like a step toward resolving YouTube's sudden ad crisis, DoubleVerify said it's unsure what's supposed to happen next. "As of yet, we haven't received any details on the solution that they are planning," a DoubleVerify representative said. Related Stories The 'Brand Safety' Narrative Tearing Up YouTube Is Amusingly Wrong Did JPMorgan Chase Just Start A Digital Advertising Revolution? Omnicom Will Sort Through YouTube Videos to Make Sure They're Appropriate for Brands The move comes nearly two weeks after YouTube Chief Business Officer Philipp Schindler said the company would be conducting an extensive review regarding its advertising policies and tools. Mr. Schindler publicly apologized shortly after reports that major brands had their ads run on offensive or extremist content on YouTube. A Google representative told Ad Age its recent move is an integration and not an API that any outside vendor can use, meaning that its brand safety tools will be separate from WPP and Omnicom's offerings. Further information was not immediately available. In this article: Ad Tech Digital Digital Video Mobile Programmatic Become a Member Register Now Renew Membership Benefits Datacenter Advertising Age     Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Instagram YouTube Tumblr Copyright © 1994-2017 Crain Communications Privacy Statement Terms of Use About Us Advertise Reprints Contact Us AD AGE Creativity LookBook Datacenter Resources Events Jobs On Campus Site by AREA 17
English Hindi Gujarati App Subscription Specials Quotes NAVs Commodities Futures News Forum Notices Videos All Stocks Feedback Sign in Keep me signed in Forgot password? connect with Don’t have an account? My Profile My Portfolio My Watchlist My Messages My Alerts Register New to Moneycontrol - Sign up now Its easy and FREE! Username should be atleast 4 characters Username available Username not available Suggested Usernames Password should be 8 or more characters,atleast 1 number, 1 symbol (except #) & 1 upper case letter Alert Your Password should contain 8 or more characters At least 1 number At least 1 symbol At least 1 upper case letter Keep me signed in OR connect with Logout Login Register My Portfolio My Watchlist My Messages Sign out Quotes NAVs Commodities Futures News Forum Notices Videos All Auriferous Aqua Farma , 519363 View All Select Language English हिंदी गुजराती Home News Markets Portfolio Watchlist Forum Live TV & Shows Videos Saved Videos Commodities Currencies Mutual Funds Personal Finance Property Specials Invest Now Master Your Money SME Special Real Assets Travel Cafe Tech Control Subscriptions Game Changers Sudarshan Sukhani C. K. Narayan T Gnanasekar Ambareesh Baliga Mecklai Financial Investment Watch Power Your Trade Home #GST #NPA #YogiAdityanath Companies Economy Politics Interviews Property World Announcements #GNRC2017 #TravelCafe News Business Markets Stocks Economy Mutual Funds Personal Finance IPO Politics India World Technology Startups Markets Home Pre-Market Advice Technicals F&O Results IPO All Stats Global Markets Currencies Bonds Tools Terminal Mutual Funds Home Learn Evaluate Buy Track Tools Interact ETFs Investment Watch PowerYourTrade Apps Commodities Startups Opinion Property Home Rates Experts Tools FAQs Real Assets Personal Finance Home Planning Investing Insurance Tax Retirement Loans Credit Cards Real Estate Fixed Income Master Your Money Portfolio Forum Gallery Live TV CNBC-TV18 All Stocks App Subscriptions Specials Feedback Qutoes Quotes NAVs Commodities Futures News Messages Notices Videos All Auriferous Aqua Farma , 519363 Farma x India INE890I01035, FARMAXIND, 590094 Solar Farma chem , 524360 More » you are here: HomeNewsBusinessStocks-business Apr 03, 2017 09:18 AM IST | Source: CNBC-TV18 Buy, Sell, Hold: 2 stocks that brokerages are watching today United Spirits on the back of Supreme Court’s decision to ban alcohol on highways and Reliance Industries after extending its Jio Prime membership are on analysts’ radar today United Spirits Jefferies has reiterated an underperform rating on the stock with a lowered target price of Rs 1,812 from Rs 1,900. The research firm sees a disruption due to the Supreme Court order that banned liquor shops on highways. Even if states choose to circumvent the ban, the company may still see demand destruction, it added. The ban will now shift demand to shops further away from highways. The key risk to the stock could be monetization of non-core assets and a further buyback by Diageo. On the financials front, analysts at the firm have cut FY19 earnings per share estimates by 6.5 percent and value the stock using 12-month forward PE target multiple of 50 times. CLSA has recommended a sell call with a reduced target price to Rs 1,600 from Rs 2,100 as profitability could be long going ahead. It has cut FY17-19 EPS by 17-28 percent, but also expects states to support the industry during the transition which will still take time. The key upside risk to the stock could be the hope of a tender offer from Diageo. Morgan Stanley is overweight on United Spirits with a target price of Rs 2,900. It foresees 42 percent of the country’s liquor sales facing dislocation due to the ban. Furthermore, it sees a near-term impact on the firm’s volumes as the business gets aligned to the new rules. IIFL has an add rating on the stock with a target price of Rs 2,250. The brokerage house sees muted growth to FY18 on the back of the apex court’s verdict as well as implementation of GST. The ban will weigh on the company’s Q4 alcohol sales as well. Further, demonetisation impact will continue to be visible, but at a lower level than Q3. It sees the firm’s earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortisation growing 15 percent and hence sees 14 percent decline in EPS in Q4. Kotak Institutional Equities expects the SC verdict’s impact to be material but transitionary in nature till shops relocate. It sees the decision hitting liquor firms as 35-40 percent liquor outlets are located along the highways. This relocation will drive de-stocking in the near term which can impact Q1 volume. Reliance Industries JPMorgan is neutral on the stock with a target of Rs 1,240. The research firm sees Reliance’s decision to extend Jio Prime deadline as a step to add more subscribers and believes that the firm’s telecom journey has just begun. The sign-ups are a positive, but extension and more freebies are puzzling, it says. Furthermore, it sees net debt to continue to rise and the final capex figure is yet to be seen. Jio would need revenues of USD 400-500 billion to be PBT positive and forecasts EBITDA of USD 221 billion in FY21 and USD 287 billion in FY22. The stock also implies a telecom EBITDA of over USD 4.7 billion.Disclaimer: Reliance Jio is a part of Reliance Industries that owns Network 18 Media & moneycontrol.com tags #Alcohol Ban #brokerages #Highways #Reliance #Reliance Industries #Stocks Views #Supreme Court #United Spirits Related news Business Can the Maruti Suzuki stock return 25%? Here's what Motilal Oswal has to say Apr 03, 2017 12:04 PM Business Like Amara Raja Batteries; Bajaj Finance can slide down to Rs 1145: Prakash Gaba Apr 03, 2017 11:49 AM Business How states are trying to steer clear of the highway liquor ban Apr 03, 2017 11:33 AM Business Buy Larsen &amp; Toubro, Hindalco Industries: Yogesh Mehta Apr 03, 2017 11:33 AM Business Avoid sugar stocks, see gains from India Cements, ACC, Ambuja Cements: Sudarshan Sukhani Apr 03, 2017 10:54 AM Business Above Rs 476-477, Tata Motors may test Rs 510: Mitessh Thakkar Apr 03, 2017 10:44 AM Business JK Lakshmi Cement, Dabur India, Exide Industries look good: Prakash Gaba Apr 03, 2017 10:40 AM Business Buy Kotak Mahindra Bank, HCL Technologies, Bharat Forge; sell Lupin: Sudarshan Sukhani Apr 03, 2017 10:24 AM Business Here are a few fundamental trading ideas from Sandeep Shenoy Apr 03, 2017 10:02 AM News Most Popular Top News Maybe it's time for hostile takeovers; govt must back honest risks: Uday Kotak D-Mart bumper listing: Should you buy, book profits or hold shares? Govt wants to ban cash transactions above Rs 2 lakh Will auction Aamby Valley if Rs 5,000 cr not paid: SC to Sahara Market Live: Heavyweights lift Sensex 200 pts, Nifty near record high; Bharti dips These 20 stocks trade at a steep discount to their book value. Should you buy them? A recap of Infosys row: Narayana Murthy's fresh salvo revives spat over compensation File your income tax returns on time this fiscal year or face increasing I-T scrutiny see more Video of the day RBI policy, earnings to drive markets; see growth returning to NBFCs: Edelweiss Portfolio Markets Watchlist Live TV Show Currencies Commodities Fixed Income Personal Finance Mutual Fund Stock Market India IPO Global Market Budget 2017 BSE Sensex Forum News Business Markets Stocks Economy Mutual Funds Personal Finance IPO Startups Stocks: A | B | C | D | E | F | G | H | I | J | K | L | M | N | O | P | Q | R | S | T | U | V | W | X | Y | Z | Others Mutual Funds: A | B | C | D | E | F | G | H | I | J | K | L | M | N | O | P | Q | R | S | T | U | V | W | X | Y | Z Visit the App Store to see all our apps: Tools Retirement Planning EMI Calculator SIP Calculator SIP Planner Useful Links Budget 2016 Live Sensex Public Sector Banks Best Portfolio Manager Small Savings Schemes Bonds Specials Master Your Money Gamechanger Travelcafe SME Special Investment Watch Power your Ttade MoneyBhai Focus Grow My Money GE Step Ahead SME Step Up Feedback & Info feedback@moneycontrol.com About us | Contact Us | Feedback | Disclaimer | Privacy Statement | Terms of Use | Careers | Financial Terms (Glossary) | Sitemap | RSS Feed Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express writtern permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited. Sections » Home » Forum » IPO » Markets » Mutual Funds » Budget 2017 » Commodities » Real Asset » News » Currencies » SME Special » Portfolio » Fixed Income » Watchlist » Property » Stock List » MF List » Glossary » Sitemap » Live TV & Shows » Personal Finance » Power Your Trade Desktop Version » Follow us on Available On Disclaimer | Terms of Use | Privacy Statement | Sitemap | Feedback Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd All rights resderved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express writtern permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Breaking News Senate panel expected to approve Trump's Supreme Court pick, set up Senate showdown Rescuers, locals dig for Colombia flood victims, 254 die Trump presses China on North Korea ahead of Xi talks Apple sparks row with pledge to drop Imagination Tech graphics Solid Asia factory growth caps a strong first quarter but outlook cloudy Schiff says Trump wants focus on tweets, not Russia probe Flynn did not initially disclose income from Russia-linked companies Venezuela opposition turns ire on Supreme Court judges Euro is a 'knife in the ribs' of the French says Le Pen EPA chief says Paris climate agreement 'bad deal' for U.S. Mon 3 Apr 2017 - 5 Rajab 1438 Editor-in-Chief Abdullah Al Shueili Home Head stories Local World Region Asia India Europe America Analysis Business Oman Motor Technology Market Sports Oman Sport Football Cricket Golf Tennis Features Books Entertainment Lifestyle People Spotlight Arts Travel Magazines Weekend National Day 45 Mazoon Duqm The Vision Oman Logistics Aqar Oman Opal Magazine More Main My Voice Blogs Weekend Health Environment Technology Culture Saturday Editor’s choice Gourmet Cartoon Ask your doctor WILDLIFE Auto Videos Vacancies Archive 2016 2015 Home → Business → Auto sales to give insight on consumer health Auto sales to give insight on consumer health Sunday 02nd, April 2017 / 18:59 Written by Oman Observer in Business NEW YORK: Forget the jobs report. The most interesting bit of US economic data this week is Monday’s auto sales release, which will offer a measure of the middle-class consumer and a sector of the stock market that has had a rough ride so far in 2017. Economists are looking for another solid month of sales north of 17 million new vehicles at a seasonally adjusted annualized rate for March but nothing like the 18.4 million hit in December, the highest since August 2005. The number would however point to a third consecutive decline on a 12-month rolling basis. With sales peaking and prices set to drop, the secondary effects are expected to be felt beyond car makers and dealers. Lease and used-vehicle prices are expected to fall sharply this year, according to Ally Financial, which cited its estimate earlier this month when it lowered its 2017 profit forecast. Morgan Stanley said in a Friday note used-car prices could tumble between 25 and 50 per cent by 2021, with both new cars and off-lease supply hitting record highs this year. “There’s an avalanche of used cars ready to hit the market place,” said Brad Lamensdorf, co-manager of the AdvisorShares Ranger Equity Bear ETF. According to Lamensdorf, the need to move inventory has translated into reckless lending. “It’s not fraudulent, but people are up to their neck in debt,” he said. “Default rates are going to be much more significant.” The stock market is taking note. The S&P 1500 automotive retail index is down 6.5 per cent year to date, with Advance Auto Parts, AutoNation and Sonic Automotive down double digits in 2017. Carmax, which reports earnings on Thursday, is seen as a bellwether in the used-car industry. Its stock is down 8 per cent so far this year. Another red flag from the sales floor: The average number of days a new vehicle sat before being retailed hit 70 in the first 19 days of March according to a note from JD Power and LMC Automotive. That is the highest since July 2009. With the market tightening, industry insiders expect more price cuts. “The competitiveness of the industry continues to be evident in ever-rising incentive levels,” said Deirdre Borrego, Senior Vice President of automotive data and analytics at JD Power in a note. “Incentives will reach a new high for the month of March.” At the same time, competition to finance loans is likely to further increase credit risk for auto lenders, Moody’s Investors Service said this week. Ally Financial stock fell 9.6 per cent in March. Even the challenge to General Motors this week from a hedge fund, aimed at boosting a lagging stock price, reflects the concern that the industry is hoarding cash without significant prospects for growth. The market for autos, however important, is not as big a part of the US economy as the housing market was when its collapse in 2008 triggered the sharpest recession since the Great Depression. However, and taking into account all the moving parts of the industry’s supply chain, a halt in the auto sector could strain an economy that is already eight years into a recovery cycle. And it would hurt blue-collar workers the most. If a jump in auto loan defaults materializes, there is also the risk that consumers will shut their wallets and hurt economic growth, two-thirds of which depends on consumer spending. “When you look at how consumers are spending there is a question mark if the less-than-prime buyer is suddenly having issues,” said Ian Winer, head of equities at Wedbush Securities in Los Angeles. “The spillover effect is: What other industries are also using rather aggressive financing in order to get revenue — Jewellery and mattresses jump out at me as two big examples.” Tempur Sealy shares have fallen 32 per cent year to date. Wall Street fell on Friday, pulled down by Exxon and JPMorgan Chase as investors wrapped up a strong quarter and weighed whether corporate earnings reports will justify the market’s lofty valuations. Major indexes have hit multiple record highs since the election of President Donald Trump on bets that he would improve economic growth by cutting taxes and boosting infrastructure spending. The rally has also benefited from robust economic data and a pickup in corporate earnings growth. For the quarter ending on Friday, the S&P 500 gained 5.5 per cent, its strongest quarterly performance since the last quarter of 2015.   Investors are now looking to the upcoming quarterly earnings season to justify pricy valuations. First-quarter earnings for S&P 500 companies are expected to rise 10.1 per cent, according to Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S. The index is trading at about 18 times earnings estimates for the next 12 months, compared to its long-term average of 15. The Dow Jones Industrial Average fell 0.31 per cent to end at 20,663.22 points, while the S&P 500 lost 0.23 per cent to 2,362.72.  The Nasdaq Composite slipped 0.04 per cent to 5,911.74. The S&P 500 posted 18 new 52-week highs and one new low; the Nasdaq Composite recorded 100 new highs and 17 new lows. — Reuters About the author View all articles by Oman Observer ← Previous Post Ford Motor recalls F-250 pickups → ← Previous Next → Search Recent Posts Recent Gang of bike-riding phone snatchers caught Store bottled water as per guidelines Fire risks rise as summer sets in MoH runs 83.1 pc of hospitals Read More ... Facebook Twitter 2 hours agoEpaper of #Oman's only #English 24x7 daily at /t.co/pzvgU3amAp /t.co/unBEPchoBP 18 hours agoRT @Oman_biz: Opportunities linked to downstream hydrocarbon projects worth over $18bn will be showcased at next week's Oman forum /… 18 hours agoRT @Oman_biz: Oman’s @motc_om is drafting a new law governing all modes of transportation in the Sultanate. @oglgroup /t.co/SZrQI46g… Home Archives Sitemap Contact Us LATEST NEWS Editor’s choice Gourmet Entertainment 2016 © All right reserved for Oman Establishment for Press, Publication and Advertising (OEPPA)
NYTimes.com no longer supports Internet Explorer 9 or earlier. Please upgrade your browser. LEARN MORE » Sections Search Skip to content Skip to navigation Subscribe Now Log In 0 Settings English 中文 (Chinese) Español Monday, April 3, 2017 Today’s Paper Video Quick Site Sections Navigation Sections Search World U.S. Politics N.Y. Business Business Opinion Opinion Tech Science Health Sports Sports Arts Arts Style Style Food Food Travel Magazine T Magazine Real Estate all Close search Site Search Navigation Search NYTimes.com Clear this text input Go Site Navigation Site Mobile Navigation Top News China Finds the Way to Trump Is Through His Son-in-Law By MARK LANDLER Jared Kushner is deeply involved in China relations, including preparations for a visit this week by President Xi Jinping. His role reflects the highly personal and bluntly transactional relationship between the United States and China, a risky strategy, experts say. Kushner Visits Iraq With Joint Chiefs Chairman 10:34 PM ET Disclosures Show Trump’s Staff Mixed Politics and Paydays By STEVE EDER, ERIC LIPTON and ANDREW W. LEHREN 9:02 PM ET As cash has flooded Washington from a variety of groups, even the anti-establishment activists and operatives who sided with President Trump have been enriched. Here’s What Administration Officials Are Worth The Disclosures: Highlights Another Democrat Lends Support to Gorsuch Nomination By MICHAEL S. SCHMIDT and NOAH WEILAND 8:49 PM ET Joe Donnelly of Indiana is the third Senate Democrat to back the nomination of Neil M. Gorsuch to the Supreme Court, but Republicans are still five Democratic votes short of breaking any filibuster. In Ohio County That Backed Trump, Fear Over Housing Cuts By YAMICHE ALCINDOR Some people in Trumbull County say they will suffer if home-repair, rental-assistance and other programs are eliminated as Mr. Trump has sought. Changes in Policing Take Hold in a Dangerous City By JOSEPH GOLDSTEIN It’s a sort of Hippocratic ethos: Minimize harm, and try to save lives. And in Camden, N.J., residents are noticing the results. 3:28 A New Tactic in Camden: Patience By ROBIN LINDSAY and JOSEPH GOLDSTEIN Bill O’Reilly Thrives as Harassment Settlements Add Up By EMILY STEEL and MICHAEL S. SCHMIDT About $13 million has been paid out over the years to address complaints from women about the behavior of Mr. O’Reilly, Fox News’s top asset, who denies the claims have merit.  Comments The Daily 360 1:27 Selfie Lessons From a Chimp Sam Wolson for The New York Times. Technology by Samsung. More in The Daily 360 » Got a confidential news tip? The New York Times offers several ways to get in touch with and provide materials to our journalists. Learn more. How Uber Uses Psychological Tricks to Push Its Drivers’ Buttons The start-up has undertaken an extraordinary experiment in behavioral science to subtly entice an independent work force to maximize company revenue. By NOAM SCHEIBER Your Monday Briefing By PATRICK BOEHLER 12:58 AM ET Here’s what you need to know to start your day. Smarter Living Trilobites How Ancestral Climates May Have Shaped Your Nose By STEPH YIN A study led by Penn State researchers found more evidence of the relationship between nose shape and the climate where a person’s ancestors lived. Watching What’s New This Month on Netflix, Amazon and More By MONICA CASTILLO Find the best new movies and TV shows to stream on Netflix, Amazon Prime, Hulu and HBO in April. The Playlist: Mary J. Blige Sings of Self-Empowerment, Kendrick Lamar Raps About Power By JON PARELES, JON CARAMANICA and GIOVANNI RUSSONELLO Hear the new music that caught our critics' attention this week: tracks from Mavis Staples, Jonathan Coulton, Calvin Harris and more. Bryce Dessner, James McAlister, Nico Muhly and Sufjan Stevens Saturn Listen Full Track | Audio by Spotify Kendrick Lamar Humble. Listen Full Track | Audio by Spotify Calvin Harris, Young Thug, Pharrell Heatstroke Listen Full Track | Audio by Spotify Aldous Harding Imagining My Man Listen Full Track | Audio by Spotify Yellow Claw, Juicy J and Lil Debbie City on Lockdown Listen Full Track | Audio by Spotify Jonathan Coulton All This Time Listen Full Track | Audio by Spotify Christian Scott aTunde Adjuah and Elena Pinderhughes The Coronation of X. aTunde Adjuah Listen Full Track | Audio by Spotify Thomas Rhett and Maren Morris Craving You Listen Full Track | Audio by Spotify Cam'ron 10,000 Miles Listen Full Track | Audio by Spotify Mary J. Blige and Kanye West Love Yourself Listen Full Track | Audio by Spotify ❮ ❯ Journalism that matters. More essential than ever. Subscribe to the Times Video by JOANNA NIKAS. Photo by An Rong Xu for The New York Times Style on Taipei’s Streets: A Brando Look and a Lot of Berets During a month in Taiwan, the photographer An Rong Xu captured a bustling city with an array of looks influenced by modern-day street style, Parisian cafe culture, the American West, Marlon Brando and 1990s Hong Kong cinema. By AN RONG XU, JOANNA NIKAS and EVE LYONS Hushed Departure Exposes Fault Lines in Met Management By ROBIN POGREBIN After Thomas P. Campbell resigned as director and chief executive, a new light was cast on the power held by a dozen or so people at the Metropolitan Museum of Art with little transparency. Meet the Reporter Spicer Told to ‘Stop Shaking Your Head’ By MICHAEL M. GRYNBAUM A run-in with the White House press secretary last week has thrust a veteran reporter into a debate over the Trump administration’s attitudes toward gender and race. N.C.A.A. Tournament South Carolina 67, Mississippi State 55 South Carolina Defeats Mississippi State to Win Title By JERÉ LONGMAN 10:53 PM ET As South Carolina won its first women’s basketball title, Dawn Staley became the second African-American coach to win a title since the N.C.A.A. began sponsoring a women’s tournament. N.C.A.A. Men: Gonzaga Earns Chance to Prove Elite Status Rays 7, Yankees 3 On Baseball’s Opening Day, Yankees Stumble Out of Gate By BILLY WITZ After the best spring training in team history, the Yankees lost on opening day for a sixth straight year. Now Batting: 14 New Baseball Books Google Is Training Ad Placement Systems to Be Offended By DAISUKE WAKABAYASHI 12:03 AM ET It’s about context. Google engineers are trying to teach machines to recognize what can be offensive or inoffensive depending on the situation. North Bay Journal Exploited as Children, the Last of the Quintuplets Face a New Indignity By IAN AUSTEN 10:27 PM ET Exhibited in a human zoo in the 1930s, two sisters in Canada have reluctantly re-emerged to discuss the sale of their childhood home. Two Days After Deadline, New York Budget Still Elusive By JESSE McKINLEY 12:34 AM ET With no agreement as of Sunday evening, state legislators could face a pay freeze, but issues like raising the age of criminal responsibility have knotted negotiations. More News Leftist Appears Headed for Presidential Victory in Ecuador Serbia’s Prime Minister Projected to Win Presidency At Least 9 Civilians Killed as Coalition Strikes Taliban Arsenal 20 Are Hacked and Beaten to Death at Pakistani Shrine TV Recaps: ‘Homeland’|‘The Walking Dead’|‘Billions’ The Interpreter The Interpreter brings sharp insight and context to the major news stories of the week. Sign up to get it by email. Using Art to Transcend Prison Walls A mural class for high-level offenders is part of an initiative by the State of California to bring the arts to all 35 of its adult prisons. ‘The Play That Goes Wrong’ Tilts a Whodunit This knockabout farce from London trades on the perverse comfort of watching things go smash in a safe environment, Ben Brantley writes. A Piano Man of Many Faces Chicken Delicious is a campy, mask-wearing 74-year-old fixture at a bar in Manhattan. How he got there is even weirder. Sunday Review Gray Matter Video Games Aren’t Addictive By CHRISTOPHER J. FERGUSON and PATRICK MARKEY Playing them is normal behavior that at worst is a waste of time. First Day of School. Try Not to Stand Out. By JAKE HALPERN and MICHAEL SLOAN Nadir and Sandra worry about fitting in, getting home and finding a place to pray. Editorial: Pick Your Favorite Ethics Offender On Campus Finding Growth at My Historically Black College By SKYLAR MITCHELL There is something powerful about attending an institution that was built for you.  Comments Bruni: Manhood in the Age of Trump Douthat: Trump Needs a Brain Kristof: In Trump Country, Shock at Trump Budget Cuts, but Still Loyalty User Subscriptions Latino Players Welcome a Baseball Reporter Who ‘Speaks the Same Language’ An Expansive View of a Forgotten People Times Insider » Latino Players Welcome a Baseball Reporter Who ‘Speaks the Same Language’ The Crossword » Play Today’s Puzzle The Crossword » Play Today’s Puzzle Wordplay » Watching From Our Advertisers Loading... timesvideo explore all videos » Video Player Inside Nytimes.com Go to the previous story Go to the next story N.Y. / Region Loving Robo Cat Needs Home Sunday Review Do Millennial Men Want Stay-at-Home Wives? New research indicates a stall, maybe even a retreat, in the movement toward gender equality. N.Y. / Region After Slave Revelations, She Has a New Mission Book Review World War II Fiction: The Home Front Sunday Review Letters: Abortion and the Democrats Times Insider The Times vs. the ‘Great Firewall’ of China Art & Design Viewers, the Dance Floor Is Yours Sunday Review El Salvador’s Historic Mining Ban Officials in El Salvador showed exemplary foresight in banning mining of gold and other metals, writes the Editorial Board. Book Review Charting the Legacy of ‘Les Misérables’ Entertainment My 10 Favorite Books: Viggo Mortensen Opinion First Day of School. Try Not to Stand Out. Your Money Giving Like a Rockefeller, Even if You’re Not Rich Sections World » North Bay Journal: 2 Survivors of Canada’s First Quintuplet Clan Reluctantly Re-emerge 20 Are Hacked and Beaten to Death at Pakistani Shrine Rescuers and Relatives Race to Find Survivors of Colombia Mudslide Business Day » Dyson Is the Apple of Appliances (and Just as Secretive) Google Training Ad Placement Computers to Be Offended How Uber Uses Psychological Tricks to Push Its Drivers’ Buttons Opinion » Op-Ed Contributors: Closing Rikers Island Is a Moral Imperative Editorial: Venezuela’s Descent Into Dictatorship Roger Cohen: Donald Trump’s Parrot U.S. » A Transgender Student Won Her Battle. Now It’s War. Tribes That Live Off Coal Hold Tight to Trump’s Promises Deadline Up, Families Remain in Lead-Contaminated Housing in Indiana Technology » How Uber Uses Psychological Tricks to Push Its Drivers’ Buttons Dyson Is the Apple of Appliances (and Just as Secretive) First Words: None of Us Are Safe From Getting ‘Owned’ Arts » A Hushed Departure at the Met Museum Reveals Entrenched Management Culture No License Plates Here: Using Art to Transcend Prison Walls Review: John Adams’s ‘Gospel’ Displays an Orchestral Wizard’s Tuneful Ear Politics » Jared Kushner Visits Iraq on Invitation From Joint Chiefs Chairman Trump Aides’ Disclosures Reveal Surge in Lucrative Political Work Gorsuch Supreme Court Nomination Gains More Democratic Support Fashion & Style » Styles Q. and A.: The Vin Diesel Formula: Brains, Brawn and Heart Skin Deep: Renée Elise Goldsberry Wears Her Face My Son, My Daughter: A Mother’s Evolution Movies » ‘The Boss Baby’ Bests ‘Beast,’ Barely, as Box Office No. 1 Advertising: The Ad Feels a Bit Like Oscar Bait, but It’s Trying to Sell You an iPhone ‘Moonlight’ Wins at Glaad Media Awards New York » With No Deal, Cuomo Will Ask for Emergency Budget Measures Rikers Island Commission Unveils Plan to Shut Down Jail Complex First New Ferry Arrives in New York, After Detour in Alligator Country Sports » South Carolina Defeats Mississippi State to Win Women’s Title Lexi Thompson Loses L.P.G.A. Major After Surprise Four-Stroke Penalty On Pro Basketball: With Everyone in Tune, Boston Celtics Are a Virtuoso Rebuilding Act Theater » Review: A Mesmerizing ‘Hairy Ape’ Brings Existentialism to Park Avenue Five Must-See Shows if You’re in New York This Month Review: Pathos Times Two: A Double Dose of Inge, in Close Quarters Science » Trilobites: In Poland’s Crooked Forest, a Mystery With No Straight Answer ScienceTake: First Clear View of a One-Celled Harpooner in Action Trilobites: A Mysterious Flash From a Faraway Galaxy Obituaries » Yevgeny Yevtushenko, Poet Who Stirred a Generation of Soviets, Dies at 83 Richard Bolles Dies at 90; Wrote ‘What Color Is Your Parachute?’ James Rosenquist, Pop Art Pioneer, Dies at 83 Television » In AMC’s Western ‘The Son,’ the Novelist Philipp Meyer Lassoes TV Texas TV: From the Sublime to the Ridiculous Watching: The Best TV Shows and Movies New to Netflix, Amazon and More in April Health » F.D.A. Nominee, Paid Millions by Industry, Says He’ll Recuse Himself if Needed Do DHA Supplements Make Babies Smarter? F.D.A. Approves First Drug to Treat Severe Multiple Sclerosis Travel » Where I Live: My Vancouver: An Ever-Unfolding Story Slowing Down, Finding Hidden Paradise on St. John 36 Hours: 36 Hours in Victoria Falls (Zimbabwe Side) Books » Now Batting: 14 New Baseball Books Boom Times for the New Dystopians Essay: Arthur Miller’s Writ Against the Death Penalty Education » Betsy DeVos Calls for More School Choice, Saying Money Isn’t the Answer College Is the Goal. The Problem? Getting There. Supreme Court Rejects Education Minimum Applied by Gorsuch Food » Hungry City: Bangladeshi Flavors Alongside Burgers and Chicken at Neerob A Good Appetite: Carrots, Striking and Sweet, Have Arrived Wine School: Your Next Lesson: Lambrusco Sunday Review » Opinion: How Scared Should People on the Border Be? Editorial: Pick Your Favorite Ethics Offender in Trumpland Frank Bruni: Manhood in the Age of Trump Real Estate » How to Avoid Stress When You’re Moving Exclusive: Tyra Banks’s Mansion in the Sky Is on the Market Ask Real Estate: Dealing with a Mouse Infestation The Upshot » Public Health: Obamacare Choices Could Go From One to Zero in Some Areas Economic View: Caution Signals Are Blinking for the Trump Bull Market Trade Talks: Will Trump Go After Nafta With Tweezers or a Hammer? Magazine » Feature: Trump vs. Congress: Now What? Feature: The High Price of Leaving Ultra-Orthodox Life Feature: Those Indecipherable Medical Bills? They’re One Reason Health Care Costs So Much Automobiles » Volkswagen to Pay 10 States Over Environmental Claims Driven: Video Review: Acura NSX, a Supercar in Almost All Ways Wheels: As Auto Prices Rise, Used Cars Are Looking Shinier T Magazine » Anna Wintour’s Wild Garden Martin Margiela Comes Back Into the Spotlight (Not That He Ever Left) My Bookshelf, Myself: My 10 Favorite Books: Viggo Mortensen Times Insider » Latino Players Welcome a Baseball Reporter Who ‘Speaks the Same Language’ An Expansive View of a Forgotten People Reporting the Reporting, Step by Step Real Estate » Ask Real Estate Dealing with a Mouse Infestation By RONDA KAYSEN Getting rid of mice isn’t easy, but it’s a co-op board’s responsibility if a building becomes infested.  Comments Search for Homes for Sale or Rent Sell Your Home Most Emailed Most Viewed Trending Recommended for you Loading... Go to Home Page » Site Index The New York Times Site Index Navigation News World U.S. Politics N.Y. Business Tech Science Health Sports Education Obituaries Today's Paper Corrections Opinion Today's Opinion Op-Ed Columnists Editorials Contributing Writers Op-Ed Contributors Opinionator Letters Sunday Review Taking Note Room for Debate Public Editor Video: Opinion Arts Today's Arts Art & Design Books Dance Movies Music N.Y.C. Events Guide Television Theater Video: Arts Living Automobiles Crossword Food Education Fashion & Style Health Jobs Magazine N.Y.C. Events Guide Real Estate T Magazine Travel Weddings & Celebrations Listings & More Classifieds Tools & Services Times Topics Public Editor N.Y.C. Events Guide Blogs Multimedia Photography Video NYT Store Times Journeys Subscribe Manage My Account Subscribe Subscribe Home Delivery Digital Subscriptions Times Insider Crossword Email Newsletters Alerts Gift Subscriptions Corporate Subscriptions Education Rate Mobile Applications Replica Edition Site Information Navigation © 2017 The New York Times Company Contact Us Work With Us Advertise Your Ad Choices Privacy Terms of Service Terms of Sale Site Information Navigation Site Map Help Site Feedback Subscriptions View Mobile Version
24/7 Wall St. - Insightful Analysis and Commentary for U.S. and Global Equity Investors Search this site Business Aerospace & Defense Autos Banking & Finance Commodities & Metals Consumer Products Energy Healthcare Industrials Infrastructure Media Retail Services Technology Apps & Software Consumer Electronics Telecom & Wireless Apple Inc. Facebook Google Investing Analyst Upgrades Bankruptcy Buffett Corporate Governance Corporate Performance Dividends and Buybacks Earnings ETFs and Mutual Funds International Markets IPOs and Secondaries Mergers and Acquisitions Personal Finance Rumors Value Investing Economy Energy Government Regulation Healthcare Housing Jobs Special Report Brands and Products Cities Countries States Why Analysts Are Staying Positive on Financials Despite the Pullback By Chris Lange April 1, 2017 9:25 am EDT Print Email Tweet The Trump rally has lifted stocks across the board, but it seems that the ride is stalling out now, or at least settling down. Financial stocks have perhaps seen the biggest boom since this rally started in late November. But is it safe to keep buying into these stocks now that the rally is seemingly subsiding? First we have to understand that analysts still see quite a few tailwinds for this industry. Fed Chair Yellen had made a compelling case for bank stocks just by hiking interest rates, with seemingly more hikes on the horizon. Consumer confidence is also the highest that it has been in 16 years. Also many of the major banks are trading on a relatively cheap basis when compared to the broad markets. Most analysts have taken a positive stance on the financial sector as a result of these trends. Even David Tepper who called the bottom amidst the financial crisis in 2009, thinks that stocks still have a lot of room to run from here. 24/7 Wall St. reviews dozens of analyst research reports each day of the week, which is hundreds of analyst calls reviewed each week. In this case, we have picked out some of the best ideas from analysts on the financial sector. Merrill Lynch recently commented that it still wants clients buying Citigroup Inc. (NYSE: C), JPMorgan Chase & Co. (NYSE: JPM) and Wells Fargo & Co. (NYSE: WFC). Although, in the prior week, Deutsche Bank issued its top finance picks, which were not the major banks. Separately, 24/7 Wall St. featured seven stocks that have over 50% to 100% upside, but these don’t fall under the financial sector. Capital One Financial Corp. (NYSE: COF) was raised to Buy from Neutral and the price target was raised to $105 from $97 (versus an $84.17 prior close) at Instinet on March 29. Capital One’s 52-week range is $58.03 to $96.92 and its consensus target price is $99.32. The stock most recently closed at $86.66. Morgan Stanley (NYSE: MS) was raised to Buy from Hold with a $47 price target (compared with a $42.49 prior close) at Deutsche Bank on March 29. The upgrade included positive notes about trading and fixed income. The 52-week range is $23.11 to $47.33, and the consensus analyst target is $47.08. Shares closed Friday at $42.84. PrivateBancorp Inc. (NASDAQ: PVTB) was raised to Outperform from Market Perform with a $63 price target (versus a $55.51 close) at Keefe Bruyette & Woods on March 27. Shares ended the week at $59.37, with a consensus price target of $57.49 and a 52-week trading range of $34.00 to $60.43. Synchrony Financial (NYSE: SYF) was initiated as Outperform at Wells Fargo on March 29. The stock closed most recently at $34.30, with a consensus analyst price target of $42.57 and a 52-week trading range of $23.25 to $38.06. I'm interested in the Newsletter Get Newsletter terms and conditions   By Chris Lange « Major Technology Analyst Upgrades Seen This Week (Amazon, Apple, Broadcom, Intel, Snap and More) Huge Retail Trade Highlights Slowing Insider Selling: Costco, Pool, Ulta Beauty, Isle of Capri, Vector Group and More » Read more: Banking & Finance, Analyst Upgrades, featured, Citigroup Inc (NYSE:C), Capital One Financial Corp. (NYSE:COF), JPMorgan Chase & Co. (NYSE:JPM), Morgan Stanley (NYSE:MS), PrivateBancorp, Inc. (NASDAQ:PVTB), SYF, Wells Fargo (NYSE:WFC) Free Daily Newsletter Subscribe Terms & Conditions Sponsors Popular 25 Worst Tasting Beers in America Most Educated City in Each State The Richest Town in Every State Youngest County in Every State The Biggest Company the Year You Were Born Recent Over 3,000 Tickets Available For NCAA Men’s Basketball Championship Tesla Delivers Over 25,000 Cars In First Quarter Insider Buying Steady as Q1 Closes: Sears, Ford, Continental Resources, Fifth Street Finance and More What You Must Know Before Subscribing to a VPN Get Quote for: Symbol Lookup Search 3 Mortgage Facts That May Surprise You Don't Let These Mistakes Take a Bite Out of Your Retirement Savings OptionsHouse vs. TradeKing: Better Broker for an IRA? North Carolina to face Gonzaga in NCAA men's basketball championship Monday night Rare 1804 silver dollar fetches nearly $3.3M in record-breaking coin collection auction: AP Ford recalls 53,000 2017 F-250 trucks because they can roll even when parked: AP New Breakout Stocks Zacks Rank #1 (Strong Buy) Can Raymond James Financial (RJF) Stock Continue to Grow Earnings? Top Ranked Income Stocks to Buy for March 31st Stocks start second quarter on firm note, U.S. policy in focus as Trump-Xi talks loom Apple sparks row with pledge to drop Imagination Tech graphics Tesla delivers quarterly record of 25,000 vehicles in first quarter Asian markets gain on Japan data, awaiting US-China meeting Senate Panel Expected to Approve Trump's Supreme Court Pick Oil Falls on Oversupply Worries Attorney For Bill O’Reilly Accuser Calls Fox News ‘The Bill Cosby Of Corporate America’ Billionaire Mark Cuban Says Trump's Too Clueless To Collude With Russia Ivanka Trump Keeping Stake In D.C. Hotel Despite White House Role, Filings Show Home About Us Disclaimer and Terms of Use Privacy Policy Contact Us Advertise AOL-HuffPost Money & Finance ©2017 24/7 Wall St. | Powered by WordPress.com VIP
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Manitowoc Company Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Manitowoc Company Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Highbridge Capital Management LLC Acquires New Stake in DDR Corp (DDR) Highbridge Capital Management LLC Purchases 219,250 Shares of Sportsman's Warehouse Holdings Inc (SPWH) Philadelphia Trust Co. Has $102,000 Stake in MFS Charter Income Trust (MCR) Manitowoc Company Inc (MTW) Position Increased by Philadelphia Trust Co. Teachers Advisors LLC Sells 236,350 Shares of Tyson Foods, Inc. (TSN) Kentucky Retirement Systems Buys New Stake in Apache Co. (APA) Kentucky Retirement Systems Buys Shares of 23,225 Cardinal Health Inc (CAH) 1,255 Shares in Intuitive Surgical, Inc. (ISRG) Acquired by Kentucky Retirement Systems Insurance Trust Fund Kentucky Retirement Systems Insurance Trust Fund Takes Position in Electronic Arts Inc. (EA) Kentucky Retirement Systems Insurance Trust Fund Invests $747,000 in Corning Incorporated (GLW) Teachers Advisors LLC Has $80,648,000 Position in Ingersoll-Rand PLC (IR) Teachers Advisors LLC Sells 343 Shares of Capital One Financial Corp. (COF) Auxier Asset Management Has $1,529,000 Position in United Parcel Service, Inc. (UPS) HighPoint Advisor Group LLC Cuts Stake in Medtronic plc. (MDT) HighPoint Advisor Group LLC Has $368,000 Position in DTE Energy Co (DTE) USA Financial Portformulas Corp Purchases Shares of 19,068 Chemours Co (CC) USA Financial Portformulas Corp Invests $431,000 in First Republic Bank (FRC) USA Financial Portformulas Corp Takes Position in Carbonite Inc (CARB) RMB Capital Management LLC Buys New Stake in Marriott International Inc (MAR) CONSOL Energy Inc. (CNX) Position Increased by Quadrature Capital Ltd Manitowoc Company Inc (MTW) Position Increased by Philadelphia Trust Co. April 2nd, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Patrick Bannon Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Philadelphia Trust Co. raised its position in shares of Manitowoc Company Inc (NYSE:MTW) by 15.9% during the fourth quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The institutional investor owned 17,090 shares of the company’s stock after buying an additional 2,340 shares during the period. Philadelphia Trust Co.’s holdings in Manitowoc Company were worth $102,000 as of its most recent filing with the SEC. Other hedge funds and other institutional investors have also added to or reduced their stakes in the company. Financial Architects Inc raised its stake in shares of Manitowoc Company by 5,010.0% in the third quarter. Financial Architects Inc now owns 30,660 shares of the company’s stock worth $147,000 after buying an additional 30,060 shares during the last quarter. Neuberger Berman Group LLC raised its stake in shares of Manitowoc Company by 6.2% in the third quarter. Neuberger Berman Group LLC now owns 1,742,391 shares of the company’s stock worth $8,346,000 after buying an additional 102,185 shares during the last quarter. TD Asset Management Inc. purchased a new stake in shares of Manitowoc Company during the third quarter worth approximately $297,000. KBC Group NV purchased a new stake in shares of Manitowoc Company during the third quarter worth approximately $818,000. Finally, UBS Asset Management Americas Inc. raised its stake in shares of Manitowoc Company by 10.3% in the third quarter. UBS Asset Management Americas Inc. now owns 115,480 shares of the company’s stock worth $553,000 after buying an additional 10,800 shares during the last quarter. Hedge funds and other institutional investors own 75.10% of the company’s stock. Manitowoc Company Inc (NYSE:MTW) opened at 5.70 on Friday. The firm’s market capitalization is $799.08 million. The company has a 50 day moving average price of $6.19 and a 200-day moving average price of $5.50. Manitowoc Company Inc has a 1-year low of $3.65 and a 1-year high of $7.57. Manitowoc Company (NYSE:MTW) last posted its quarterly earnings results on Wednesday, February 1st. The company reported ($0.23) earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, missing the Zacks’ consensus estimate of ($0.16) by $0.07. Manitowoc Company had a negative return on equity of 9.94% and a negative net margin of 23.70%. The business earned $378.20 million during the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $390.18 million. During the same quarter in the previous year, the business posted $0.43 earnings per share. The company’s quarterly revenue was down 30.4% compared to the same quarter last year. On average, analysts forecast that Manitowoc Company Inc will post ($0.27) EPS for the current fiscal year. WARNING: This report was first posted by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are reading this report on another website, it was stolen and reposted in violation of United States and international copyright & trademark law. The original version of this report can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/02/manitowoc-company-inc-mtw-position-increased-by-philadelphia-trust-co.html. MTW has been the topic of a number of recent research reports. Royal Bank of Canada reissued a “hold” rating and set a $5.50 price target on shares of Manitowoc Company in a research note on Friday, March 24th. Zacks Investment Research lowered Manitowoc Company from a “hold” rating to a “strong sell” rating in a research note on Tuesday, March 21st. OTR Global raised Manitowoc Company to a “positive” rating in a research note on Friday, December 9th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. lowered Manitowoc Company from a “neutral” rating to an “underweight” rating and set a $5.00 price target on the stock. in a research note on Friday, December 9th. Finally, Vetr raised Manitowoc Company from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $6.04 price target on the stock in a research note on Monday, January 9th. Three equities research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, seven have assigned a hold rating and four have issued a buy rating to the company. The company currently has an average rating of “Hold” and an average price target of $5.49. In other news, SVP Thomas G. Musial sold 23,000 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction dated Wednesday, February 15th. The shares were sold at an average price of $6.70, for a total value of $154,100.00. Following the transaction, the senior vice president now directly owns 228,048 shares in the company, valued at approximately $1,527,921.60. The transaction was disclosed in a legal filing with the SEC, which is available at this link. Also, insider Lawrence Joseph Weyers sold 8,200 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction dated Monday, February 27th. The stock was sold at an average price of $6.30, for a total transaction of $51,660.00. Following the completion of the transaction, the insider now owns 118,459 shares in the company, valued at $746,291.70. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Over the last 90 days, insiders sold 36,400 shares of company stock worth $238,468. Insiders own 3.36% of the company’s stock. About Manitowoc Company The Manitowoc Company, Inc is a provider of engineered lifting equipment for the construction industry. The Company operates through the Crane business segment. It designs, manufactures and distributes a line of crawler-mounted lattice-boom cranes, which it sells under the Manitowoc brand name. It also designs and manufactures a line of top-slewing and self-erecting tower cranes, which it sells under the Potain brand name. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding MTW? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Manitowoc Company Inc (NYSE:MTW). Receive News & Ratings for Manitowoc Company Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Manitowoc Company Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Ex-Trump Advisor Michael Flynn Seeking Immunity Challenges on Rollback of Climate Policies to Come President Trump Creating American Innovation Office Republicans in Senate Vote to Repeal Rules on Internet Privacy Sanctuary Cities Being Named by Trump Administration © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Hess Corp. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Hess Corp. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Thrivent Financial for Lutherans Boosts Stake in Hess Corp. (HES) Thrivent Financial for Lutherans Boosts Position in ViaSat, Inc. (VSAT) Meredith Co. (MDP) Position Held by Teachers Retirement System of The State of Kentucky Menora Mivtachim Holdings LTD. Increases Stake in Oracle Co. (ORCL) Altria Group Inc (MO) Stake Maintained by Denver Investment Advisors LLC AQR Capital Management LLC Sells 2,154 Shares of MicroStrategy Incorporated (MSTR) Gold Fields Limited (GFI) Given Consensus Recommendation of “Hold” by Brokerages Brokerages Set 8Point3 Energy Partners LP (CAFD) PT at $17.42 Marks and Spencer Group Plc (MKS) Receives GBX 381.84 Average PT from Brokerages Fiserv Inc (FISV) Given Average Rating of “Hold” by Brokerages Waste Management, Inc. (WM) Shares Bought by UBS Asset Management Americas Inc. Perigon Wealth Management LLC Purchases Shares of 3,031 Novo Nordisk A/S (NVO) Brokerages Set Ferrellgas Partners, L.P. (FGP) Target Price at $11.67 Restaurant Brands International Inc (QSR) Given Average Rating of “Hold” by Analysts Halma plc (HLMA) Receives Consensus Recommendation of “Hold” from Brokerages RMB Capital Management LLC Invests $1,157,000 in Hexcel Co. (HXL) RMB Capital Management LLC Has $985,000 Stake in Constellium NV (CSTM) Raymond James Financial, Inc. (RJF) Shares Bought by Quadrature Capital Ltd Guggenheim Capital LLC Has $2,274,000 Stake in Merit Medical Systems, Inc. (MMSI) Guggenheim Capital LLC Sells 3,886 Shares of Boston Beer Company Inc (SAM) Thrivent Financial for Lutherans Boosts Stake in Hess Corp. (HES) April 2nd, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Patrick Bannon Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Thrivent Financial for Lutherans raised its stake in Hess Corp. (NYSE:HES) by 5.5% during the fourth quarter, according to its most recent disclosure with the SEC. The firm owned 9,320 shares of the company’s stock after buying an additional 490 shares during the period. Thrivent Financial for Lutherans’ holdings in Hess Corp. were worth $581,000 as of its most recent filing with the SEC. Several other large investors have also modified their holdings of HES. IFM Investors Pty Ltd acquired a new stake in shares of Hess Corp. during the fourth quarter valued at approximately $222,000. Wall Street Access Asset Management LLC boosted its stake in shares of Hess Corp. by 2.8% in the fourth quarter. Wall Street Access Asset Management LLC now owns 3,892 shares of the company’s stock valued at $242,000 after buying an additional 107 shares in the last quarter. Teachers Retirement System of The State of Kentucky boosted its stake in shares of Hess Corp. by 226.5% in the fourth quarter. Teachers Retirement System of The State of Kentucky now owns 108,400 shares of the company’s stock valued at $6,752,000 after buying an additional 75,200 shares in the last quarter. DZ BANK AG Deutsche Zentral Genossenschafts Bank Frankfurt am Main acquired a new stake in shares of Hess Corp. during the fourth quarter valued at approximately $76,828,000. Finally, Cigna Investments Inc. New acquired a new stake in shares of Hess Corp. during the fourth quarter valued at approximately $619,000. Institutional investors own 84.38% of the company’s stock. Hess Corp. (NYSE:HES) opened at 48.21 on Friday. Hess Corp. has a one year low of $45.12 and a one year high of $65.56. The company’s 50-day moving average is $50.34 and its 200-day moving average is $53.33. The firm’s market cap is $15.26 billion. Hess Corp. (NYSE:HES) last issued its quarterly earnings data on Wednesday, January 25th. The company reported ($1.01) earnings per share for the quarter, beating the consensus estimate of ($1.08) by $0.07. Hess Corp. had a negative return on equity of 7.51% and a negative net margin of 126.59%. The business had revenue of $1.39 billion for the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $1.23 billion. During the same period last year, the business earned ($1.40) EPS. The business’s revenue was down .1% on a year-over-year basis. On average, analysts forecast that Hess Corp. will post ($3.04) earnings per share for the current fiscal year. The business also recently disclosed a quarterly dividend, which was paid on Friday, March 31st. Shareholders of record on Wednesday, March 15th were paid a dividend of $0.25 per share. This represents a $1.00 annualized dividend and a yield of 2.07%. The ex-dividend date was Monday, March 13th. Hess Corp.’s dividend payout ratio (DPR) is presently -5.06%. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION WARNING: “Thrivent Financial for Lutherans Boosts Stake in Hess Corp. (HES)” was originally reported by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are reading this piece on another website, it was stolen and republished in violation of US & international trademark & copyright laws. The correct version of this piece can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/02/thrivent-financial-for-lutherans-boosts-stake-in-hess-corp-hes.html. Several brokerages have recently commented on HES. Scotiabank set a $52.00 price target on shares of Hess Corp. and gave the stock a “buy” rating in a research report on Monday, March 27th. Evercore ISI cut shares of Hess Corp. to a “buy” rating in a research report on Friday, March 3rd. Goldman Sachs Group Inc cut shares of Hess Corp. from a “conviction-buy” rating to a “buy” rating in a research report on Wednesday, March 1st. KLR Group reiterated a “buy” rating and set a $72.00 price target (up previously from $68.00) on shares of Hess Corp. in a research report on Thursday, January 26th. Finally, JPMorgan Chase & Co. upgraded shares of Hess Corp. from a “neutral” rating to an “overweight” rating and lifted their price target for the stock from $58.00 to $65.00 in a research report on Thursday, December 8th. Eight equities research analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and nine have given a buy rating to the company. Hess Corp. presently has an average rating of “Buy” and a consensus target price of $63.97. In other news, CEO John B. Hess sold 43,711 shares of Hess Corp. stock in a transaction on Friday, February 3rd. The stock was sold at an average price of $53.77, for a total transaction of $2,350,340.47. The transaction was disclosed in a legal filing with the SEC, which can be accessed through this hyperlink. Also, CEO John B. Hess sold 24,331 shares of Hess Corp. stock in a transaction on Tuesday, March 7th. The stock was sold at an average price of $50.50, for a total value of $1,228,715.50. Following the sale, the chief executive officer now owns 1,897,098 shares in the company, valued at $95,803,449. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Over the last 90 days, insiders have sold 85,123 shares of company stock worth $4,463,844. Company insiders own 11.83% of the company’s stock. About Hess Corp. Hess Corporation is an exploration and production company. The Company is engaged in exploration, development, production, transportation, purchase and sale of crude oil, natural gas liquids (NGL) and natural gas. The Company’s segments include Exploration and Production, and Bakken Midstream. Its Exploration and Production segment explores for, develops, produces, purchases and sells crude oil, NGLs and natural gas with production operations primarily in the United States, Denmark, Equatorial Guinea, the Malaysia/Thailand Joint Development Area (JDA), Malaysia and Norway. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding HES? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Hess Corp. (NYSE:HES). Receive News & Ratings for Hess Corp. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Hess Corp. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Ex-Trump Advisor Michael Flynn Seeking Immunity Challenges on Rollback of Climate Policies to Come President Trump Creating American Innovation Office Republicans in Senate Vote to Repeal Rules on Internet Privacy Sanctuary Cities Being Named by Trump Administration © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
SUBSCRIBE TO PE HUB WIRE Join over 60,000 of your peers Get the must-read email for PE/VC professionals delivered to your inbox daily — for free! US Edition (daily) Canada Edition (weekly) We will not send you spam, and we don't share your email address with 3rd parties. I accept the Terms and Conditions SUBSCRIBE YES! No Register Sign in A Community for Professionals in Private Capital PE HUB Network News Briefs Opinion Jobs Videos Members Emerging Managers NVCA Blog Buyouts Home Funds & Firms Emerging Managers LPs Deals & Exits People Data Room Buyouts Magazine Deal of the Year Awards VCJ Home Funds & Firms Emerging Managers LPs Deals & Exits People Data Room VCJ Magazine Pratt’s Online PartnerConnect Events Shop US Select Edition Canada US PE HUB Network News Briefs Opinion Jobs Videos Members Emerging Managers NVCA Blog Buyouts Home Funds & Firms Emerging Managers LPs Deals & Exits People Data Room Buyouts Magazine Deal of the Year Awards VCJ Home Funds & Firms Emerging Managers LPs Deals & Exits People Data Room VCJ Magazine Pratt’s Online PartnerConnect Events Shop US CANADA Log In Saudi Aramco formally appoints banks to advise on share sale: Reuters March 30, 2017 By Reuters News Saudi Aramco IPO (ARMO.SE) has formally appointed JPMorgan Chase & Co (JPM.N), Morgan Stanley (MS.N) and HSBC (HSBA.L) as international financial advisers for its initial public offering, sources familiar with the matter told Reuters. The trio join Moelis & Co (MC.N) and Evercore (EVR.N), which have been appointed independent financial advisers, one source said of what is expected to be the world’s biggest share sale. The Saudi authorities aim to sell up to 5 percent of Aramco, listing the shares in Riyadh and at least one foreign exchange to raise cash for investment in new industries in a bid to diversify away from oil exports in an era of cheap crude. Aramco has appointed Saudi Arabia’s NCB Capital 1180.SE and Samba Capital 1090.SE as local advisers, the sources said. Reuters previously reported that JPMorgan, Morgan Stanley, Moelis and Evercore had been asked to work on the global listing, while HSBC was a leading contender to join them. Samba Capital was earlier named as one of two local advisers. One source said all the banks had now been “onboarded”, a term indicating they had been fully briefed on the IPO process, and had been tasked with work that includes helping ensure systems on the Saudi stock exchange, the Tadawul, can be integrated with a foreign exchange. Saudi Aramco has yet to pick a foreign site to list. When asked for comment, Saudi Aramco said it did not respond to rumor or speculation. Officials at NCB Capital were not immediately available and other banks have previously declined to comment on their role. Take your pick! Buyouts delivers exclusive news and analysis about private equity deals, fundraising, top-quartile managers and more. Get your FREE trial or subscribe now. VC Journal provides exclusive news and analysis about venture capital deals, fundraising, top-quartile investors and more. Get your FREE trial or subscribe now.  Sign up to our Newsletter Receive updates from our PE HUB Wire and Top Stories of the Week newsletters: First Name: Last Name: Email Address: US Edition (daily) Canada Edition (weekly) We will not send you spam, and we don't share your email address with 3rd parties. I accept the Terms and Conditions You are now subscribed to the PEHub Wire and Top Stories of the Week newsletters. Buyouts Insider/Argosy Group LLC produces several free newsletters that are sent directly to the email you provide at registration (namely, PE Hub Wire, PE Hub Canada Wire, PE Hub Wire Top Story of the Week, Buyouts Daily, and VCJ Alert). To enable us to keep providing these services free of charge, we reserve the right to contact you with special invitations to sample or purchase private equity-related products. By submitting this free subscription request for any of these products, you are also consenting to this communication. Should you ever wish to unsubscribe from a particular communication you may activate the unsubscribe mechanism at the bottom of the email. This will discontinue both the special invitations mentioned previously, as well as your subscription to the weekly newsletter. The information you provide will be safeguarded by Argosy Group LLC/Buyouts Insider. The company’s subsidiaries may use it to keep you informed of relevant products and services. We occasionally allow reputable companies outside of the company to mail details of products which may be of interest to you. As an international group, we may transfer your data on a global basis for the purposes indicated above. WE WILL NEVER SHARE YOUR EMAIL OR CONTACT DETAILS WITH ANY OUTSIDE COMPANY HOWEVER. Should you have any questions please do not hesitate to contact us: [email protected] . Top Posts Private Equity Jobs of the Week: Blackstone, Prudential, Citi Ventures are hiring by Eamon Murphy Genstar Fund VIII closes with $3.95 bln of capital by Luisa Beltran PPD’s private equity owners in talks to sell stakes: Reuters by Reuters News New Mountain to acquire TRC Companies by Iris Dorbian L Catterton invests in Rhone by Iris Dorbian STG-backed First Advantage hires Staples as new CEO by Iris Dorbian PE HUB First Read by Iris Dorbian Endeavour Capital invests $62.5 mln in BRG by Iris Dorbian © 2006-2017 Buyouts Insider / Argosy Group LLC About Contacts FAQ Guest Column Guidelines Terms of Use Disclaimer Privacy Policy Copyright (c) Buyouts Insider/Argosy Group LLC. Reproduction in any form is prohibited without written consent by Buyouts Insider/Argosy Group LLC.
Sections Search Help/Info Subscribe: Digital | Home Delivery Subscribe Help/Info     Breaking News Bar   Business posted: 4/2/2017 7:15 AM Card-free access to ATMs has arrived Facebook Twitter 200 Email Print Comments 0 hello Article to: (required) Article from: (required) Add a message (optional) Success - Article sent! close Last week Wells Fargo became the first major U.S. bank to offer a card-free option at all of its ATMs. The bank's customers can use their smartphones to access any of the bank's 13,000 ATMs. Other major U.S. banks have rolled out card-free ATMs in limited locations. (AP Photo/CX Matiash, File)   Jonnelle Marte The Washington Post     Left your wallet at home? You may still be able to grab some cash. Last week Wells Fargo became the first major U.S. bank to offer a card-free option at all of its ATMs. The bank's customers can use their smartphones to access any of the bank's 13,000 ATMs. Other major U.S. banks have rolled out card-free ATMs in limited locations. Here's how it works: Customers must download and log into the Wells Fargo app on their smartphones and request an eight-digit code, which they can type into an ATM instead of inserting a debit card. Next, they enter their PIN, just as they would if they were using their cards. Wells Fargo is offering the cardless option at a time when consumers are increasingly comfortable with using their phones to check their balances, deposit checks and transfer cash, says Jonathan Velline, head of branch and ATM banking for Wells Fargo. Using the phone to tap into an ATM is a logical next step, he says. The card-free option can be more secure than using a debit card, Velline says, because it reduces the chance that fraudsters can steal and copy the numbers on your debit card. The smartphone app generates a unique code that expires within 30 minutes. Plus, consumers using the app have to prove their identity on their smartphones -- either by providing their thumb print or by typing in their online banking password -- in addition to entering their PIN numbers. (With your physical debit card, you only need to provide the PIN code.) Consumers can expect to see more cardless ATMs over the next couple of years. JPMorgan Chase is testing the technology at some locations, while Bank of America has introduced a card-free option at about half of its ATMs. For Bank of America, some machines currently accept mobile wallet programs, such as Apple Pay and Android Pay. Consumers need to only tap their smartphones on or near the ATM, provide their passcode or thumbprint on the phone, and then enter their PINs into the ATM. Wells Fargo says it is upgrading its ATMs to incorporate the digital phone readers and hopes to make the mobile wallet technology more widely available throughout this year and next year. Banks are also working on programs that can help people cue up transactions even before they reach the ATM. For example, Bank of America said it is rolling out a service this summer that lets customers use their smartphone apps to say how much money they want to withdraw and what kinds of bills they need. Then they show up at an ATM, sign in and collect the cash. (Requests expire within 24 hours.) Use of the card-free options is still in the early stages, says Sarah Grotta, who heads the debit card research for Mercator Advisory Group, a payments research firm. Consumers have been slow to use mobile wallet options such as Apple Pay, so it may be awhile before most people leave their debit cards at home, she says. Still, she expects the technology will catch on. "People are interested in doing more with their phones," Grotta says. "So eventually we will get there." Tweet This article filed under: Business Finance Washington Post Article Comments () Guidelines: Keep it civil and on topic; no profanity, vulgarity, slurs or personal attacks. People who harass others or joke about tragedies will be blocked. If a comment violates these standards or our terms of service, click the X in the upper right corner of the comment box. To find our more, read our FAQ. News Sports Business Entertainment Lifestyle Opinion Follow Us Facebook Twitter Google+ Pinterest LinkedIn YouTube About Us Subscribe | Customer Services | Feedback | Advertise | Jobs at Daily Herald | Terms of Service | Privacy Policy | Copyright © 2017 Paddock Publications, Inc.   Winner - 2015 Best Website Illinois Press Association Sections Search Help/Info close Home» Today's stories E-Edition Photos Videos Communities Weather Latest Weekly Ads Sponsored Content 2016 Readers' Choice Daily Herald Events and Contests News» Cook County DuPage County Kane County Lake County McHenry County Crime Chicago State & Region Nation & World Obituaries Politics Sports» High School Bears Blackhawks Bulls Cubs White Sox Horse Racing Fire Sky Wolves Prep Basketball Prep Football Business» Stocks & Markets Finance Health Technology Real Estate Foreclosures Property Transfers Industry Insights Community Publications Progress 2015 Entertainment» Celebrities Movies Dining Literature Music Puzzles Television Theater Events Calendar Suburban Chicago's Got Talent Short & Sweet Theater Reviews Oaklee's Family Guide Lifestyle» Food Health & Fitness Home & Garden Suburban Parent Travel Classic Cars Motorcycling Celebrations Cook of the Week Challenge Fittest Loser Room for Living Oaklee's Family Guide Opinion» Letters to the Editor Editorials Classifieds» Place an Ad Autos Real Estate Jobs Property Transfers Merchandise for Sale Business Service Directory Garage Sales Announcements Legal Notices Obituaries» Recent Obituaries Search Obituaries Place an Obituary Shopping» Today's Ads Weekly Sales Flyers Local Businesses Garage Sales Search DailyHerald.com for articles More ways to search Daily Herald Obituaries Search DailyHerald.com obituaries. » Daily Herald newspaper archive Find archived newspaper articles back to 1901. » Digital Subscriptions Activate Subscriber Access Purchase a Digital Subscription Home Delivery Start a New Subscription Manage Account
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Chevron Co. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Chevron Co. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Shelton Capital Management Sells 16,070 Shares of Chevron Co. (CVX) Genovese Burford & Brothers Wealth & Retirement Plan Management LLC Has $171,000 Stake in Pfizer Inc. (PFE) Renaissance Technologies LLC Reduces Stake in Ralph Lauren Corp (RL) Renaissance Technologies LLC Raises Position in Kaman Co. (KAMN) Renaissance Technologies LLC Has $5,769,000 Position in Sterling Bancorp (STL) Spartan Motors Inc (SPAR) Position Increased by Renaissance Technologies LLC New York State Teachers Retirement System Has $230,000 Stake in Shoe Carnival, Inc. (SCVL) New York State Teachers Retirement System Invests $192,000 in Fidelity Southern Co. (LION) GulfMark Offshore, Inc. (GLF) Debt Trading 2% Higher Zacks: Cna Financial Corp (CNA) Given Average Recommendation of “” by Brokerages Analysts Set $51.00 Target Price for Washington Trust Bancorp (WASH) Brokerages Set $73.00 Target Price for Amerisafe, Inc. (AMSF) Zacks: City Holding Company (CHCO) Given $68.00 Average Price Target by Analysts PepsiCo, Inc. (PEP) Stake Raised by First Allied Advisory Services Inc. Monetary Management Group Inc. Has $1,589,000 Position in Procter & Gamble Co (PG) Bayesian Capital Management LP Invests $2,758,000 in Procter & Gamble Co (PG) Massmutual Trust Co. FSB ADV Takes Position in General Electric Company (GE) Fmr LLC Decreases Stake in International Paper Co (IP) Viacom, Inc. (VIA) Position Maintained by Fmr LLC Fmr LLC Has $17,862,000 Position in Regulus Therapeutics Inc (RGLS) Shelton Capital Management Sells 16,070 Shares of Chevron Co. (CVX) April 2nd, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Tyrone Williams Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Shelton Capital Management decreased its position in shares of Chevron Co. (NYSE:CVX) by 2.9% during the fourth quarter, according to its most recent 13F filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission. The fund owned 529,662 shares of the company’s stock after selling 16,070 shares during the period. Chevron comprises about 5.7% of Shelton Capital Management’s holdings, making the stock its 2nd largest position. Shelton Capital Management’s holdings in Chevron were worth $62,341,000 as of its most recent SEC filing. Several other hedge funds and other institutional investors also recently added to or reduced their stakes in the stock. Lyell Wealth Management LP bought a new position in Chevron during the fourth quarter worth about $1,042,000. Employees Retirement System of Texas increased its position in Chevron by 97.7% in the fourth quarter. Employees Retirement System of Texas now owns 463,500 shares of the company’s stock worth $54,554,000 after buying an additional 229,000 shares during the last quarter. First Allied Advisory Services Inc. increased its position in Chevron by 13.2% in the fourth quarter. First Allied Advisory Services Inc. now owns 72,479 shares of the company’s stock worth $8,531,000 after buying an additional 8,472 shares during the last quarter. Meridian Wealth Management LLC bought a new position in Chevron during the fourth quarter worth about $954,000. Finally, Cim Investment Mangement Inc. increased its position in Chevron by 1.2% in the fourth quarter. Cim Investment Mangement Inc. now owns 13,705 shares of the company’s stock worth $1,613,000 after buying an additional 165 shares during the last quarter. Institutional investors own 62.50% of the company’s stock. Shares of Chevron Co. (NYSE:CVX) opened at 107.37 on Friday. The stock’s market capitalization is $203.26 billion. The stock has a 50 day moving average of $110.12 and a 200-day moving average of $109.42. Chevron Co. has a one year low of $92.43 and a one year high of $119.00. Chevron (NYSE:CVX) last posted its quarterly earnings results on Friday, January 27th. The company reported $0.22 earnings per share for the quarter, missing the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of $0.64 by $0.42. Chevron had a positive return on equity of 1.26% and a negative net margin of 0.43%. The business earned $31.50 billion during the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $35.24 billion. During the same quarter in the previous year, the company earned ($0.31) earnings per share. The company’s revenue for the quarter was up 7.7% compared to the same quarter last year. Equities analysts forecast that Chevron Co. will post $4.55 earnings per share for the current year. The firm also recently declared a quarterly dividend, which was paid on Friday, March 10th. Shareholders of record on Thursday, February 16th were paid a $1.08 dividend. The ex-dividend date of this dividend was Tuesday, February 14th. This represents a $4.32 annualized dividend and a yield of 4.02%. Chevron’s payout ratio is -1,600.00%. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY NOTICE: This article was originally posted by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are viewing this article on another site, it was illegally copied and republished in violation of U.S. & international copyright and trademark legislation. The correct version of this article can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/02/shelton-capital-management-sells-16070-shares-of-chevron-co-cvx.html. Several research firms have weighed in on CVX. Goldman Sachs Group Inc upgraded shares of Chevron to a “buy” rating in a report on Sunday, December 18th. TheStreet upgraded shares of Chevron from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating in a report on Wednesday, December 21st. Bank of America Corp upgraded shares of Chevron from a “neutral” rating to a “buy” rating in a report on Wednesday, January 4th. Vetr downgraded shares of Chevron from a “sell” rating to a “strong sell” rating and set a $100.98 price objective on the stock. in a report on Tuesday, January 3rd. Finally, JPMorgan Chase & Co. restated an “overweight” rating on shares of Chevron in a report on Monday, December 12th. One analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, seven have issued a hold rating and fourteen have assigned a buy rating to the company. Chevron has a consensus rating of “Buy” and a consensus target price of $119.64. In other news, insider Pierre R. Breber sold 45,000 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Thursday, February 2nd. The stock was sold at an average price of $111.80, for a total transaction of $5,031,000.00. The sale was disclosed in a legal filing with the SEC, which can be accessed through the SEC website. Corporate insiders own 0.40% of the company’s stock. Chevron Company Profile Chevron Corporation (Chevron) manages its investments in subsidiaries and affiliates, and provides administrative, financial, management and technology support to the United States and international subsidiaries that engage in integrated energy and chemicals operations. The Company operates through two business segments: Upstream and Downstream. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding CVX? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Chevron Co. (NYSE:CVX). Receive News & Ratings for Chevron Co. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Chevron Co. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Ex-Trump Advisor Michael Flynn Seeking Immunity Challenges on Rollback of Climate Policies to Come President Trump Creating American Innovation Office Republicans in Senate Vote to Repeal Rules on Internet Privacy Sanctuary Cities Being Named by Trump Administration © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance General Electric Company - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for General Electric Company with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Monetary Management Group Inc. Has $1,589,000 Position in Procter & Gamble Co (PG) Bayesian Capital Management LP Invests $2,758,000 in Procter & Gamble Co (PG) Massmutual Trust Co. FSB ADV Takes Position in General Electric Company (GE) Fmr LLC Decreases Stake in International Paper Co (IP) Viacom, Inc. (VIA) Position Maintained by Fmr LLC Fmr LLC Has $17,862,000 Position in Regulus Therapeutics Inc (RGLS) Chicago Bridge & Iron Company (CBI) Shares Bought by Fmr LLC Dimensional Fund Advisors LP Sells 49,878 Shares of DiamondRock Hospitality Company (DRH) FARO Technologies, Inc. (FARO) Position Boosted by Dimensional Fund Advisors LP Badger Meter, Inc. (BMI) Shares Bought by State Street Corp TETRA Technologies, Inc. (TTI) Position Increased by Comerica Bank Comerica Bank Has $590,000 Position in Vitamin Shoppe Inc (VSI) Russell Investments Group Ltd. Acquires New Position in Synergy Pharmaceuticals Inc (SGYP) Russell Investments Group Ltd. Buys New Stake in Ramco-Gershenson Properties Trust (RPT) Russell Investments Group Ltd. Buys New Stake in Franklin Electric Co. (FELE) Russell Investments Group Ltd. Purchases Shares of 48,281 Wright Medical Group Inc (WMGI) 36,776 Shares in Iron Mountain Incorporated (Delaware) REIT (IRM) Acquired by Russell Investments Group Ltd. Russell Investments Group Ltd. Acquires New Position in Extreme Networks, Inc (EXTR) State Board of Administration of Florida Retirement System Raises Stake in Fossil Group Inc (FOSL) State Board of Administration of Florida Retirement System Acquires 28,284 Shares of Silver Spring Networks Inc (SSNI) Massmutual Trust Co. FSB ADV Takes Position in General Electric Company (GE) April 2nd, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Jeff Wilder Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Massmutual Trust Co. FSB ADV purchased a new stake in shares of General Electric Company (NYSE:GE) during the fourth quarter, according to its most recent disclosure with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). The institutional investor purchased 337,080 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $10,652,000. General Electric Company makes up about 1.3% of Massmutual Trust Co. FSB ADV’s investment portfolio, making the stock its 11th largest position. Several other large investors also recently modified their holdings of the stock. Barry Investment Advisors LLC boosted its stake in shares of General Electric Company by 0.7% in the third quarter. Barry Investment Advisors LLC now owns 6,919 shares of the company’s stock valued at $205,000 after buying an additional 48 shares during the period. Blue Bell Private Wealth Management LLC boosted its stake in shares of General Electric Company by 0.4% in the third quarter. Blue Bell Private Wealth Management LLC now owns 13,809 shares of the company’s stock valued at $410,000 after buying an additional 58 shares during the period. Canal Capital Management LLC boosted its stake in shares of General Electric Company by 0.5% in the third quarter. Canal Capital Management LLC now owns 18,501 shares of the company’s stock valued at $548,000 after buying an additional 86 shares during the period. Trillium Asset Management LLC boosted its stake in shares of General Electric Company by 0.5% in the third quarter. Trillium Asset Management LLC now owns 17,173 shares of the company’s stock valued at $509,000 after buying an additional 88 shares during the period. Finally, Cornercap Investment Counsel Inc. increased its position in shares of General Electric Company by 1.5% in the fourth quarter. Cornercap Investment Counsel Inc. now owns 7,488 shares of the company’s stock valued at $237,000 after buying an additional 111 shares in the last quarter. Institutional investors and hedge funds own 54.68% of the company’s stock. Shares of General Electric Company (NYSE:GE) opened at 29.80 on Friday. General Electric Company has a 12-month low of $28.19 and a 12-month high of $33.00. The company has a 50-day moving average price of $29.92 and a 200-day moving average price of $30.20. The firm has a market capitalization of $260.00 billion, a P/E ratio of 33.37 and a beta of 1.20. General Electric Company (NYSE:GE) last announced its quarterly earnings results on Friday, January 20th. The company reported $0.46 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, meeting the consensus estimate of $0.46. General Electric Company had a net margin of 6.86% and a return on equity of 15.99%. The company had revenue of $33.10 billion for the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $33.67 billion. During the same quarter in the previous year, the company earned $0.52 earnings per share. General Electric Company’s quarterly revenue was down 2.4% on a year-over-year basis. Equities analysts predict that General Electric Company will post $1.63 EPS for the current year. The business also recently declared a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Tuesday, April 25th. Investors of record on Monday, February 27th will be given a dividend of $0.24 per share. This represents a $0.96 annualized dividend and a dividend yield of 3.22%. The ex-dividend date is Thursday, February 23rd. General Electric Company’s dividend payout ratio is currently 106.67%. TRADEMARK VIOLATION NOTICE: This report was first published by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are viewing this report on another website, it was copied illegally and reposted in violation of U.S. and international copyright and trademark law. The original version of this report can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/02/massmutual-trust-co-fsb-adv-takes-position-in-general-electric-company-ge.html. Several brokerages have commented on GE. Zacks Investment Research downgraded shares of General Electric Company from a “hold” rating to a “sell” rating in a research report on Tuesday, December 27th. Goldman Sachs Group Inc set a $31.00 price objective on shares of General Electric Company and gave the company a “neutral” rating in a research report on Monday, December 12th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. restated an “underweight” rating and set a $28.00 price objective on shares of General Electric Company in a research report on Thursday, January 5th. Royal Bank of Canada restated a “buy” rating and set a $37.00 price objective on shares of General Electric Company in a research report on Thursday, January 5th. Finally, Stifel Nicolaus set a $34.00 price objective on shares of General Electric Company and gave the company a “buy” rating in a research report on Thursday, December 8th. Two analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, eight have assigned a hold rating, twelve have issued a buy rating and one has given a strong buy rating to the company. The company presently has a consensus rating of “Buy” and a consensus target price of $33.24. In related news, insider Jeffrey S. Bornstein purchased 5,000 shares of General Electric Company stock in a transaction that occurred on Tuesday, January 31st. The shares were bought at an average price of $29.63 per share, for a total transaction of $148,150.00. Following the completion of the transaction, the insider now directly owns 68,757 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $2,037,269.91. The transaction was disclosed in a filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is available at the SEC website. Also, Vice Chairman David Leon Joyce sold 159,662 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction dated Friday, February 3rd. The shares were sold at an average price of $29.56, for a total transaction of $4,719,608.72. Following the transaction, the insider now owns 738,907 shares in the company, valued at approximately $21,842,090.92. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. 0.23% of the stock is owned by insiders. About General Electric Company Want to see what other hedge funds are holding GE? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for General Electric Company (NYSE:GE). Receive News & Ratings for General Electric Company Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for General Electric Company and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Ex-Trump Advisor Michael Flynn Seeking Immunity Challenges on Rollback of Climate Policies to Come President Trump Creating American Innovation Office Republicans in Senate Vote to Repeal Rules on Internet Privacy Sanctuary Cities Being Named by Trump Administration © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Finance BI Intelligence Events Trending Tech Insider Finance Politics Strategy Life Sports Video All × From To You have successfully emailed the post. × 
     

 What you need to know on Wall Street today Business Insider Mar. 30, 2017, 12:46 PM 1,031 facebook linkedin twitter email print Christopher Polk/Getty Images Welcome to Finance Insider, Business Insider's summary of the top stories of the past 24 hours. The US economy grew faster than initially reported in the fourth quarter of last year, at a pace of 2.1%, according to the Commerce Department's third estimate. Economists had forecast that gross-domestic-product growth would be revised to 2% from the second estimate of 1.9%, according to Bloomberg. Older and more affluent Americans are loving life after President Trump's win. And the percentage of Americans who think government will make business great has hit a record high under Trump. On Wall Street, the world's largest fund manager just sent a message to investors everywhere. And here's the Bill Ackman apology Wall Street's been waiting for. Over in the UK, a number of banks will announce plans to move operations from London to continental Europe "within weeks" as part of Brexit contingency plans, according to the chief executive of a body which promotes Paris as a leading European financial hub. In related news, London's 329-year-old insurance market is setting up in Brussels to counter the effects of Brexit. Also in London, a former Jefferies banker was fined £37,198 for sharing confidential information and boasting on WhatsApp. In tech news, a team of Wall Street analysts think Amazon will be worth $910 billion by 2027. In related news, Amazon CEO Jeff Bezos is now the second richest man in the world. In autos, startup Lucid Motors insists it is defying the electric car curse and will challenge Tesla in China. And Audi is buying a game-changing luxury car-rental startup. Qatar Airways is retaliating against the US laptop ban by offering some passengers an unprecedented perk . Lastly, here are 21 photos that will make you want to travel to Alaska. Here are the top Wall Street headlines from the past 24 hours. Traders are betting against another company to capitalize on Sears' demise - As Sears nears bankruptcy, some investors are looking for ways to profit from the retailer's collapse.  Saudi Aramco formally appoints banks to advise on share sale - Saudi Aramco has formally appointed JPMorgan, Morgan Stanley and HSBC as international financial advisers for its initial public offering, expected to be the world's largest equity sale. Lululemon crashes 21% after earnings warn about a "slow start" to the year - Lululemon shares fell by as much as 21% in pre-market trading on Thursday after the company reported earnings and said it had a "slow start" to the year.  Chipotle's biggest competitor is a soup-and-sandwich chain - Chipotle has dominated the growth of fast-casual Mexican dining in America. According to UBS analysts, its biggest competition is from Panera Bread, the fast-casual chain that serves up sandwiches, soups, and salads. The company that owns Olive Garden might've already seen its best days - Darden Restaurants announced on Monday that it is buying Texas-based restaurant chainCheddar's Scratch Kitchen for $780 million. The news boosted the stock price by about 9%, but a group of Credit Suisse analysts warn that continued upside is limited. BARCLAYS: Facebook is the stock to own for the "golden age" of mobile - Barclays has named Facebook the "best pure play in consumer Internet around the secular growth in mobile advertising, full stop."  How a surprise encounter with Evan Spiegel made Intuit's Scott Cook invest early in Snapchat - When Evan Spiegel asked Intuit cofounder Scott Cook to invest in Snapchat's Series A round of funding, Cook was sure that the app would be a complete flop. UBS: The company behind Overwatch is set to pop - Activision Blizzard, the interactive entertainment company behind smash-hit video game Overwatch, has seen it's stock price take off since beating on earnings, raising its dividend, and announcing a two-year $1 billion stock repurchase plan on February 9. Celebrities and CEOs are rushing to build mansions that "feel like you're staying in a hotel" - Douglas Burdge and his team of designershave built more than 300 homes in the Malibu, California, area, many of them for celebrities, entertainment execs, and Fortune 500 CEOs. SEE ALSO: The 27 most important finance books ever written Follow Finance Insider and never miss an update! Get updates in your Facebook news feed. Get updates in your inbox. Privacy Policy Get updates in your inbox Subscribe to Finance Insider and never miss an update! Privacy Policy More: Finance Insider facebook linkedin twitter email print × Recommended For You Powered by Sailthru What you need to know on Wall Street today What you need to know on Wall Street today Welcome to Finance Insider, Business Insider's... Recommended For You Disclaimer Featured Foreign policy star Anne-Marie Slaughter: the 2 key lessons that helped me most in my career More "Idea Factory" » Craiglist's founder Craig Newmark on overcoming 'my suckage as a manager' More "Idea Factory" » Finance Emails & Alerts Get the best of Business Insider delivered to your inbox every day. Sign-Up Get the Slide Deck from Henry Blodget's IGNITION Presentation on the Future of Digital     Read Business Insider On The Go Available on iOS or Android Find A Job Tech Jobs C-Level Jobs Media Jobs Design Jobs Finance Jobs Sales Jobs See All Jobs » Thanks to our partners Follow us on: Also check out: * Copyright © 2017 Business Insider Inc. All rights reserved. Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. Disclaimer Commerce Policy Made in NYC Stock quotes by finanzen.net International Editions: UK DE AUS ID IN MY SG PL SE NL FR IT JP
Breaking News Senate panel expected to approve Trump's Supreme Court pick, set up Senate showdown Rescuers, locals dig for Colombia flood victims, 254 die Trump presses China on North Korea ahead of Xi talks Apple sparks row with pledge to drop Imagination Tech graphics Solid Asia factory growth caps a strong first quarter but outlook cloudy Schiff says Trump wants focus on tweets, not Russia probe Flynn did not initially disclose income from Russia-linked companies Venezuela opposition turns ire on Supreme Court judges Euro is a 'knife in the ribs' of the French says Le Pen EPA chief says Paris climate agreement 'bad deal' for U.S. Mon 3 Apr 2017 - 5 Rajab 1438 Editor-in-Chief Abdullah Al Shueili Home Head stories Local World Region Asia India Europe America Analysis Business Oman Motor Technology Market Sports Oman Sport Football Cricket Golf Tennis Features Books Entertainment Lifestyle People Spotlight Arts Travel Magazines Weekend National Day 45 Mazoon Duqm The Vision Oman Logistics Aqar Oman Opal Magazine More Main My Voice Blogs Weekend Health Environment Technology Culture Saturday Editor’s choice Gourmet Cartoon Ask your doctor WILDLIFE Auto Videos Vacancies Archive 2016 2015 Home → Business → US consumer spending slows, but inflation is rising US consumer spending slows, but inflation is rising Saturday 01st, April 2017 / 18:51 Written by Oman Observer in Business WASHINGTON: US consumer spending barely rose in February amid delays in the payment of income tax refunds, but the biggest annual increase in inflation in nearly five years supported expectations of further interest rate hikes this year. The slowdown in consumer spending reported by the Commerce Department on Friday is, however, likely to be temporary with consumer confidence at a more than 16-year high and a tightening labour market pushing up wage growth. “Given the weather-related weakness in utilities spending as well as some delays in tax refunds for low-and middle-income earners in February, we expect consumer spending to strengthen in the quarters ahead,” said Eugenio Aleman, a senior economist at Wells Fargo Securities in Charlotte, North Carolina. The Commerce Department said consumer spending, which accounts for more than two-thirds of US economic activity, edged up 0.1 per cent. That was the smallest gain since August and followed an unrevised 0.2 per cent rise in January. Economists had expected a 0.2 per cent increase. The government delayed the issuing of tax refunds this year as part of efforts to combat fraud. Spending last month was held back by a 0.1 per cent dip in purchases of big-ticket items like automobiles. While unseasonably warm weather lowered households’ heating bills, it restricted spending growth last month. Weak consumer spending resulted in the Atlanta Federal Reserve trimming its first-quarter economic growth estimate by one-tenth of a percentage point to a 0.9 per cent annualized rate. Gross domestic product increased at a 2.1 per cent rate in the fourth quarter, stepping down from the July-September quarter’s brisk 3.5 per cent pace. Despite signs of moderate growth, economists expect the Federal Reserve will raise interest rates at least twice more this year. The US central bank raised its benchmark overnight interest rates by a quarter of a percentage point this month. Other data on Friday showed the University of Michigan’s consumer sentiment index slipping to a reading of 96.9 in March from 97.6 earlier in the month. The final reading was a touch higher than February’s 96.3. A report from the Conference Board this week showed its consumer confidence index surging in March to its highest reading since December 2000. The dollar was trading slightly higher against a basket of currencies, while US stocks fell on Friday, pulled down by Exxon and JPMorgan Chase as investors wrapped up a strong quarter and weighed whether corporate earnings reports will justify the market’s lofty valuations. Major indexes have hit multiple record highs since the election of President Donald Trump on bets that he would improve economic growth by cutting taxes and boosting infrastructure spending. The rally has also benefited from robust economic data and a pickup in corporate earnings growth. For the quarter ending on Friday, the S&P 500 gained 5.5 per cent, its strongest quarterly performance since the last quarter of 2015. Investors are now looking to the upcoming quarterly earnings season to justify pricy valuations. First-quarter earnings for S&P 500 companies are expected to rise 10.1 per cent, according to Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S. The index is trading at about 18 times earnings estimates for the next 12 months, compared to its long-term average of 15. INFLATION PRESSURES BUILDING:  Even with economic growth slowing at the start of the year, inflation is rising. The personal consumption expenditures (PCE) price index gained 0.1 per cent last month after jumping 0.4 per cent in January. That lifted the year-on-year rate of increase in the PCE price index to 2.1 per cent, the biggest gain since April 2012. The PCE price index rose 1.9 per cent in January. Excluding food and energy, the so-called core PCE price index increased 0.2 per cent last month after rising 0.3 per cent in January. In the 12 months through February, the core PCE price index increased 1.8 per cent after a similar gain in January. The core PCE is the Federal Reserve’s preferred inflation measure and is running below its 2 per cent target. Inflation is now in the upper end of the range that Fed officials in March felt would be reached this year. “There is nothing in this report that suggests the Fed should pause in June in its gradual renormalization of monetary policy but the Fed will look closely at the evolution of core inflation over the next two months in making that decision,” said John Ryding, Chief Economist at RDQ Economics in New York. Rising price pressures are also eating into consumer spending. When adjusted for inflation, consumer spending fell 0.1 per cent in February after declining 0.2 per cent in January. That was the first back-to-back monthly decline in real consumer spending since April 2009. Personal income rose 0.4 per cent last month after advancing 0.5 per cent in January. Wages increased 0.5 per cent, the biggest gain in five months. Income at the disposal of households after accounting for inflation increased 0.2 per cent after dipping 0.1 per cent in January. Savings rose to a five-month high of $808.0 billion from $770.9 billion in January.  Rising incomes and higher savings bode well for future consumer spending. — Reuters About the author View all articles by Oman Observer ← Never underestimate the power of cool design Warning signs abound for UK economy following strong Q4 → ← Previous Next → Search Recent Posts Recent Gang of bike-riding phone snatchers caught Store bottled water as per guidelines Fire risks rise as summer sets in MoH runs 83.1 pc of hospitals Read More ... Facebook Twitter 2 hours agoEpaper of #Oman's only #English 24x7 daily at /t.co/pzvgU3amAp /t.co/unBEPchoBP 18 hours agoRT @Oman_biz: Opportunities linked to downstream hydrocarbon projects worth over $18bn will be showcased at next week's Oman forum /… 18 hours agoRT @Oman_biz: Oman’s @motc_om is drafting a new law governing all modes of transportation in the Sultanate. @oglgroup /t.co/SZrQI46g… Home Archives Sitemap Contact Us LATEST NEWS Editor’s choice Gourmet Entertainment 2016 © All right reserved for Oman Establishment for Press, Publication and Advertising (OEPPA)
24/7 Wall St. - Insightful Analysis and Commentary for U.S. and Global Equity Investors Search this site Business Aerospace & Defense Autos Banking & Finance Commodities & Metals Consumer Products Energy Healthcare Industrials Infrastructure Media Retail Services Technology Apps & Software Consumer Electronics Telecom & Wireless Apple Inc. Facebook Google Investing Analyst Upgrades Bankruptcy Buffett Corporate Governance Corporate Performance Dividends and Buybacks Earnings ETFs and Mutual Funds International Markets IPOs and Secondaries Mergers and Acquisitions Personal Finance Rumors Value Investing Economy Energy Government Regulation Healthcare Housing Jobs Special Report Brands and Products Cities Countries States Exxon, DuPont Weigh on DJIA Friday By Paul Ausick March 31, 2017 4:01 pm EDT Print Email Tweet March 31, 2017: Markets opened lower Friday following a report from the Commerce Department that personal consumption expenditures (PCE) inflation came in at 2.1% for February. The best performing sectors Friday included real estate and utilities stocks. Financials and energy sectors lagged. WTI crude oil for May delivery settled at $50.60 a barrel, up 0.5% on the day, but closed the month down 5.8%. June gold added 0.3% on the day to settle at $1,251.20 and closed down 0.2% for the month. Equities were headed for a mixed close shortly before the bell as the DJIA traded down 0.09% for the day, the S&P 500 traded up 0.03%, and the Nasdaq Composite traded up 0.20%. The DJIA traded very near the break-even line just minutes before the closing bell. The closing tally could finish with either a small gain or a small loss for any or all of the indexes. The DJIA stock posting the largest daily percentage loss ahead of the close Friday was Exxon Mobil Corp. (NYSE: XOM) which traded down 1.74% at $82.24. The stock’s 52-week range is $80.31 to $95.55. Volume was about 20% above the daily average of around 12.8 million. The company had no specific news. E.I. du Pont de Nemours Inc. (NYSE: DD) traded down 1.16% at $80.69. The stock’s 52-week range is $61.12 to $82.37. Volume was less than 10% below the daily average of around 2.8 million shares. The company said this morning that it is extending the merger closing date for its deal with Dow Chemical and selling some of its crop protection assets to FMC. JPMorgan Chase & Co. (NYSE: JPM) traded down 0.93% at $88.20. The stock’s 52-week range is $57.05 to $93.98. Volume was about 20% below the daily average of around 15.9 million shares. The company had no specific news Friday. The Boeing Co. (NYSE: BA) traded down 0.48% at $177.13. The stock’s 52-week range is $122.35 to $185.71. Volume was about 65 below the daily average of around 3.4 million shares. The company on Friday completed the first test flight of its 787-10, but orders are few for the $313 million aircraft. Of the Dow 30 stocks, 12 are on track to close higher Friday and 18 are set to close lower. I'm interested in the Newsletter Get Newsletter terms and conditions   By Paul Ausick « Nearly 400 2017 Data Breaches Have Exposed More Than 7 Million Records Cenovus, Rite Aid Slide into Friday’s 52-Week Low Club » Read more: Investing, Dow Jones Industrial Average, market close, The Boeing Company (NYSE:BA), E.I. du Pont de Nemours & Comp... (NYSE:DD), JPMorgan Chase & Co. (NYSE:JPM), ExxonMobil Corp (NYSE:XOM) Free Daily Newsletter Subscribe Terms & Conditions Sponsors Popular 25 Worst Tasting Beers in America Most Educated City in Each State The Richest Town in Every State Youngest County in Every State The Biggest Company the Year You Were Born Recent Over 3,000 Tickets Available For NCAA Men’s Basketball Championship Tesla Delivers Over 25,000 Cars In First Quarter Insider Buying Steady as Q1 Closes: Sears, Ford, Continental Resources, Fifth Street Finance and More What You Must Know Before Subscribing to a VPN Get Quote for: Symbol Lookup Search 3 Mortgage Facts That May Surprise You Don't Let These Mistakes Take a Bite Out of Your Retirement Savings OptionsHouse vs. TradeKing: Better Broker for an IRA? North Carolina to face Gonzaga in NCAA men's basketball championship Monday night Rare 1804 silver dollar fetches nearly $3.3M in record-breaking coin collection auction: AP Ford recalls 53,000 2017 F-250 trucks because they can roll even when parked: AP New Breakout Stocks Zacks Rank #1 (Strong Buy) Can Raymond James Financial (RJF) Stock Continue to Grow Earnings? Top Ranked Income Stocks to Buy for March 31st Stocks start second quarter on firm note, U.S. policy in focus as Trump-Xi talks loom Apple sparks row with pledge to drop Imagination Tech graphics Tesla delivers quarterly record of 25,000 vehicles in first quarter Asian markets gain on Japan data, awaiting US-China meeting Senate Panel Expected to Approve Trump's Supreme Court Pick Oil Falls on Oversupply Worries Attorney For Bill O’Reilly Accuser Calls Fox News ‘The Bill Cosby Of Corporate America’ Billionaire Mark Cuban Says Trump's Too Clueless To Collude With Russia Ivanka Trump Keeping Stake In D.C. Hotel Despite White House Role, Filings Show Home About Us Disclaimer and Terms of Use Privacy Policy Contact Us Advertise AOL-HuffPost Money & Finance ©2017 24/7 Wall St. | Powered by WordPress.com VIP
