Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy   Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Dun & Bradstreet Corporation (The) - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Dun & Bradstreet Corporation (The) with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Metro Ag (MEO3) PT Set at €38.00 by equinet AG Berenberg Bank Analysts Give SAP SE (SAP) a €94.00 Price Target adidas AG (ADS) PT Set at €166.00 by Kepler Capital Markets Graco Inc. (GGG) Expected to Earn Q1 2017 Earnings of $0.78 Per Share HCA Holdings, Inc. to Post Q1 2017 Earnings of $1.81 Per Share, KeyCorp Forecasts (HCA) IDEX Corporation (IEX) Expected to Earn Q1 2017 Earnings of $0.93 Per Share Olin Corporation (OLN) Hits New 12-Month High After Strong Earnings ContraVir Pharmaceuticals Inc (CTRV) Given Consensus Rating of “Strong Buy” by Brokerages Cesca Therapeutics Inc. (KOOL) Given Consensus Recommendation of “Hold” by Brokerages Zacks: BGC Partners, Inc. (BGCP) Given $14.00 Average Target Price by Analysts Zacks: Orchid Island Capital, Inc. (ORC) Given Average Rating of “Strong Buy” by Analysts Zacks: AC Immune SA (ACIU) Given $23.00 Consensus Target Price by Analysts Royal Bank Of Canada Downgrades E.On Se (EONGY) to Underperform Pagegroup PLC (MPI) Price Target Raised to GBX 490 Diageo plc (DGE) Receives Buy Rating from HSBC Holdings plc Metro Ag (MEO3) Given a €38.00 Price Target at Oddo Securities Overstock.com, Inc. (OSTK) Major Shareholder Sells $15,228,861.84 in Stock Voya Prime Rate Trust (PPR) Declares Monthly Dividend of $0.03 Hanesbrands Inc. (HBI) Posts Quarterly Earnings Results, Misses Estimates By $0.05 EPS UNITIL Corporation (UTL) Announces Quarterly Earnings Results, Beats Estimates By $0.01 EPS Municipal Employees Retirement System of Michigan Has $156,000 Stake in Dun & Bradstreet Corporation (The) (DNB) February 1st, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Stacy Sanders Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Municipal Employees Retirement System of Michigan continued to hold its position in shares of Dun & Bradstreet Corporation (The) (NYSE:DNB) during the third quarter, according to its most recent filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). The firm owned 1,140 shares of the company’s stock at the end of the third quarter. Municipal Employees Retirement System of Michigan’s holdings in Dun & Bradstreet Corporation (The) were worth $156,000 at the end of the most recent reporting period. A number of other institutional investors have also modified their holdings of the stock. JPMorgan Chase & Co. boosted its stake in shares of Dun & Bradstreet Corporation (The) by 160.8% in the second quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 35,728 shares of the company’s stock worth $4,353,000 after buying an additional 22,028 shares during the period. William Blair Investment Management LLC bought a new stake in shares of Dun & Bradstreet Corporation (The) during the second quarter worth approximately $153,413,000. Neuberger Berman Group LLC boosted its position in Dun & Bradstreet Corporation (The) by 8.1% in the second quarter. Neuberger Berman Group LLC now owns 21,692 shares of the company’s stock worth $2,643,000 after buying an additional 1,626 shares during the last quarter. Kleinwort Benson Investors Dublin Ltd acquired a new position in Dun & Bradstreet Corporation (The) during the second quarter worth about $55,817,000. Finally, Hanlon Investment Management Inc. acquired a new position in Dun & Bradstreet Corporation (The) during the second quarter worth about $4,603,000. Hedge funds and other institutional investors own 91.32% of the company’s stock. Shares of Dun & Bradstreet Corporation (NYSE:DNB) traded down 0.15% during mid-day trading on Wednesday, hitting $122.43. The stock had a trading volume of 96,742 shares. The firm’s 50 day moving average price is $122.10 and its 200 day moving average price is $127.97. The company has a market cap of $4.50 billion, a P/E ratio of 46.80 and a beta of 1.43. Dun & Bradstreet Corporation has a 1-year low of $85.99 and a 1-year high of $141.57. Dun & Bradstreet Corporation (The) (NYSE:DNB) last announced its quarterly earnings results on Tuesday, November 1st. The company reported $1.79 EPS for the quarter, beating the Zacks’ consensus estimate of $1.75 by $0.04. Dun & Bradstreet Corporation (The) had a negative return on equity of 24.33% and a net margin of 5.70%. The company earned $412.80 million during the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $423.62 million. During the same period in the prior year, the company earned $1.62 EPS. Dun & Bradstreet Corporation (The)’s revenue was up 1.6% compared to the same quarter last year. Analysts predict that Dun & Bradstreet Corporation will post $7.38 earnings per share for the current fiscal year. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY WARNING: This news story was published by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are accessing this news story on another publication, it was illegally copied and reposted in violation of international trademark and copyright law. The correct version of this news story can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/02/01/municipal-employees-retirement-system-of-michigan-has-156000-stake-in-dun-bradstreet-corporation-the-dnb.html. A number of research analysts have issued reports on the company. Goldman Sachs Group, Inc. (The) raised Dun & Bradstreet Corporation (The) from a “sell” rating to a “neutral” rating and boosted their target price for the company from $112.00 to $120.00 in a research note on Friday, January 20th. Zacks Investment Research raised Dun & Bradstreet Corporation (The) from a “sell” rating to a “hold” rating in a research note on Monday, November 28th. Finally, William Blair reissued a “market perform” rating on shares of Dun & Bradstreet Corporation (The) in a research note on Monday, October 17th. One research analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating and four have issued a hold rating to the company. The stock currently has a consensus rating of “Hold” and an average price target of $125.75. About Dun & Bradstreet Corporation (The) The Dun & Bradstreet Corporation is the source of commercial data, analytics and insight on businesses. The Company operates through two segments: Americas, which consists of its operations in the United States, Canada and Latin America, and Non-Americas, which consists of its operations in the United Kingdom, the Netherlands, Belgium, Greater China and India. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding DNB? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Dun & Bradstreet Corporation (The) (NYSE:DNB). Receive News & Ratings for Dun & Bradstreet Corporation (The) Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Dun & Bradstreet Corporation (The) and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Trump Cancels Harley-Davidson Trip Due to Possible Protests White House Appears to Pull Back on Part of Policy on Vetting President Trump’s Labor Secretary Choice Outsourced Jobs President Trump Agenda: Border Wall and Sanctuary Cities White House Says President Trump Will Not Release His Tax Returns © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
News & Features Latest News▶ Opinion▶ Features▶ Galleries▶ Topics▶ Investments Alternative Investments Bonds / Fixed Income International Investing REITs Socially Conscious Investing Insurance Annuities Health Care Life Insurance Variable Annuities Broker-dealers Independent Broker-dealers Regional Brokerages Wirehouses Retirement 401(k) Defined Benefit Plans Defined Contribution Plans IRAs Social Security Your Practice Client Prospecting Client Servicing Staffing / Personnel Succession Planning Video INTV Ed Slott: Why retirees need financial advisers' help more than ever Events How (and why) it's time to improve your customer service Smarter in 60 Seconds Factor Investing: Experience Counts Gadget Girl Gadget Girl: The case of the robo-advisory accomplice The Secret Life of... Secret Life: My passion is my family Data & Resources Fiduciary Focus The DOL rule from all angles. Fiduciary Focus is your one-stop resource for learning how the DOL's fiduciary rule is changing the advice business. B-D Data Center Find out which firms offer the highest payouts, have the most reps in the field and generate the most revenue - or create your own custom rankings. The Adviser Center Before you change firms, make a new hire or explore an acquisition, visit the new InvestmentNews Adviser Center. People on the Move Track the latest moves within the financial advisory industry, including new hires, board appointments and promotions. More Advisers on the Move White Paper Library RIA Data Center CE Quiz Center Data Library Research Adviser Research Dashboard This interactive, customizable tool allows you to view detailed data on compensation, staffing and financial performance practices from across the industry. Adviser Technology A comprehensive study highlighting the best technology practices of both your peers and top-performing advisory firms. Financial Performance Benchmark your business against the industry's best practices with the 2016 InvestmentNews Financial Performance Study of Advisory Firms. Data Store Visit the InvestmentNews Data Store to purchase adviser tools, studies and data spreadsheets. More Compensation & Staffing Succession Planning Custom Research Events Women to Watch March 8, 2017 | New York. InvestmentNews honors female financial advisers and industry executives who are distinguished leaders at their firms. Icons & Innovators On April 3rd, InvestmentNews will honor this years Icons and Innovators recipients at our inaugural Icons and Innovators Awards luncheon at the Essex House in NYC. Women Adviser Summit April 26, 2017 Chicago | July 11, 2017 Boston | Nov. 9, 2017 San Francisco | For sophisticated female advisers who want to take their personal and professional self to the next level. Retirement Income Summit April 24-25, 2017 | Chicago. At the 11th annual Summit, learn the latest strategies to create a sustainable retirement for your clients. More Webcasts Alternative Investments Best Practices Subscribe Author: - All - Jeff Benjamin Mary Beth Franklin Greg Iacurci Bruce Kelly Mark Schoeff Jr. Liz Skinner John Waggoner  Sections News & Features Latest News Opinion Features Galleries Topics Video INTV ETF Exchange Events Practice Makeover Wealthtrack Data & Resources Fiduciary Focus B-D Data Center The Adviser Center People on the Move Advisers on the Move White Paper Library RIA Data Center CE Quiz Center Research & Studies Adviser Research Dashboard Adviser Technology Financial Performance Data Store Compensation & Staffing Succession Planning Custom Research Events All Events Women to Watch Icons & Innovators Women Adviser Summit Retirement Income Summit Webcasts Alternative Investments Best Practices Cross-selling a big focus for JPMorgan private bankers working with wealthy clients Every company wants to sell its own products, and JPMorgan, the nation's biggest bank, is no different Feb 1, 2017 @ 11:55 am By Bloomberg News + Zoom Salespeople of all stripes know the drill. Go to the morning pump-up sessions. Hit the revenue targets. Move product or move along. The playbook for selling everything from phones to time shares also crops up in a rarefied environment — the Manhattan offices of JPMorgan Chase & Co.'s elite wealth-management unit. There, private bankers working with JPMorgan's richest customers are encouraged to steer client assets into certain funds and instruments that generate rich fees for the bank, according to several former employees. How banks cross-sell — essentially, a “would you like fries with that” approach — has come under regulatory scrutiny after revelations last year that Wells Fargo employees opened millions of fake accounts in clients' names to reach sales targets. Wells Fargo admitted to a lapse and has changed its incentives. But the scandal brings an old question about banking into sharper focus: When do bank's incentives for employees put the customer second? There's nothing illegal about cross-selling. Every company wants to sell its own stuff, and JPMorgan, the nation's biggest bank, is no different. It stands out because it has so many in-house investments to offer its clients, including the biggest pool of in-house mutual funds in the U.S. banking industry. Several former employees at the private bank said the pep talks and reward system to sell such products made them uncomfortable: They felt pressured to push certain investments even when they believed others might be better for their clients. No one is accusing JPMorgan of making up false accounts. The bank says it serves its wealthy clients by offering a wide range of investment options and discloses that it favors its own products. It doesn't pay its bankers commissions, said Darin Oduyoye, a bank spokesman. The system benefits bank and client alike, he said. “Clients have a number of options in financial providers,” Mr. Oduyoye said. “One of the reasons they choose JPMorgan as their primary bank is because we can offer a full breadth of investments, banking, lending and wealth advisory services. Clients expect to hear from us about all of these capabilities.” PAY SCORECARD Seven people who worked in various roles across J.P. Morgan Private Bank in the last few years, three of them as recently as mid-2016, said they functioned less as advisers than as salespeople. The ex-employees said days started with an 8 a.m. sales meeting in the “war room” high above Park Avenue. Then came client calls, with employees tracking sales targets on whiteboards. They would gather again before quitting time to hear about some handpicked investments — what to sell and how to sell it. Bankers' compensation “scorecards” measured how much revenue they were generating, these bankers said, but didn't address how their clients' investments were performing. They and another dozen or so people familiar with the private bank agreed to describe its operations as long as their names weren't used because they still work in related businesses. Current employees of the private bank declined to discuss it. While the bankers weren't explicitly told to push in-house funds, they said, meeting the revenue marks was all but impossible without selling the products that generate the highest fees for the bank, which include not only in-house investments but also those from partners that share their fees with the bank. 'UNAPPROVED FUNDS' Advisers could put their brokerage clients into other funds or instruments, but they wouldn't get revenue credits for them, three former employees said. A mid-2016 compensation scorecard reviewed by Bloomberg referred to “unapproved” mutual funds as among the instruments that didn't boost advisers' tallies. Mr. Oduyoye, the JPMorgan spokesman, said performance measures at the private bank “are designed to reflect how well bankers are serving clients as well as risk-management priorities of the firm.” He declined to say whether that represented a change in practice. JPMorgan has in the past pitched investors on the synergies among its retail, commercial, investment banking and asset management businesses. A review of company filings and transcripts of investor calls indicates that JPMorgan has been the only big bank to break out revenue figures tied to cross-selling. Selling across the bank's four main units contributed $7.5 billion in revenue in 2014, or more than 7% of all revenue, the bank said at a 2015 investor conference, the last time it provided such a figure. 'AMONG THE BEST' “Cross-selling is a big deal. And we do an exceptionally good job at cross-selling. We think we're among the best out there,” CEO Jamie Dimon told an investor conference in September 2012, referring to the bank's retail business. Fifteen months later he told another conference: “We do as much cross-sell as a Wells Fargo.” Even as Wells Fargo pushed an in-house “Eight Is Great” target for cross-selling, JPMorgan was already nearly there: JPMorgan's retail branches sold an average of 7.9 products and services per household in 2013, compared with Wells Fargo's 6.2, according to the latest data available from both banks. (Comparable industrywide data is elusive.) Mr. Dimon has publicly emphasized that cross-selling must benefit customers. “We don't like the word cross-selling because it sounds like we're doing it for us,” he told investors in 2015. The Wells Fargo scandal prompted regulators to take a fresh look at the practice at the nation's largest banks. The Office of the Comptroller of the Currency, the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau and the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation asked banks in October for information about how their sales practices may disadvantage customers. The OCC said the investigation is still under way. 'NOT AN OBJECTIVE' After the regulators' request, JPMorgan Chief Financial Officer Marianne Lake said that an internal investigation of the bank's sales practices had turned up sporadic problems, which she didn't identify, but no systemic lapses. During an October earnings call with investors, she said: “Cross-sell is an outcome. It's not an objective.” The seven bankers, who worked at J.P. Morgan Private Bank from three years to well over a decade, said the rhythm of the workday made their office feel more like a hard-charging sales operation than a buttoned-up private bank. Each morning the bankers in Manhattan would file into the 24th-floor conference area, senior managers in the first row, private bankers behind and stragglers standing. People at dozens of other offices around the country would call in. MORNING HUDDLE The morning meeting opened with a market overview and often shifted to a discussion of specific products such as structured notes, mutual funds and private equity funds offered by JPMorgan or an outside company that gives the bank a financial incentive to sell. (JPMorgan has disclosed that certain companies pay fees back to the bank in exchange for the placements.) Later, smaller teams met for a morning “huddle” to discuss their sales targets and strategies. Mr. Oduyoye described the meeting as educational rather than sales-driven, focusing on market events. “We take pride in the amount of time we spend educating our advisers on markets and solutions — internally or externally — so they can better serve their clients,” Mr. Oduyoye said. The advisers were encouraged to offer “managed solutions” to clients, several of the former employees said. These accounts let clients set their own investment objective, like growth. Customers pay a management fee. Portfolio managers pick the products and make the trades. The bank prefers in-house products, from which it earns additional fees, the bank recently disclosed to clients of its managed products. Many days ended with “the 4:45” — a gathering often attended by executives from JPMorgan's partners, including the Blackstone Group and Starwood Capital, who pitched their own new products and discussed how to sell them, according to six of the former employees. Among the hedge funds offered in the private bank's managed portfolios, all but one shared fees with JPMorgan, the Securities and Exchange Commission said in December 2015. Blackstone declined to comment. Starwood didn't respond to a request for comment. ADDITIONAL FEES The emphasis on selling was reinforced by the pay structure, which consisted of a salary and annual bonus. Five of the former bankers described the three factors listed in the pay scorecard to determine compensation — new clients, new bank revenues and a measure of asset flows, which they said was defined as JPMorgan products such as bank loans or in-house investment funds as well as products from other firms that share fees with the bank. Those measures were included on the compensation scorecard reviewed by Bloomberg, which also included a category called “cross-selling.” There are cases where cross-selling by investment advisers could run afoul of regulators. Advisers who manage trusts and discretionary trading accounts generally have a fiduciary duty to prioritize the client's interest over the bank's. Excessive sales of in-house investments tied to those assets could raise the alarm of the government overseers reviewing the banks' practices. JPMorgan doesn't report how much of the $433 billion managed by the private bank is subject to fiduciary requirements. OCC WARNING In 2012, a review of JPMorgan by the OCC, which wasn't made public, warned the bank that its cross-selling practices for pension funds violated the clients-first requirement, a person familiar with the matter has said. JPMorgan declined to comment on the warning. U.S. securities regulators have also examined the cross-selling activities of JPMorgan's asset-management business. They found that the bank had violated securities regulations by failing to tell investors that it favored its own products over others. To resolve the matter, in December 2015 the bank paid a record $307 million asset-management settlement to the SEC and the Commodity Futures Trading Commission. The bank admitted disclosure lapses and agreed to provide more transparency. The next month, JPMorgan's private bank settled regulatory claims that it had misled clients by telling them it paid advisers “based on clients' performance” when, in fact, it considered other factors. The bank didn't admit or deny wrongdoing. FINE PRINT Disclosure goes only so far, said Philip Aidikoff, a securities lawyer in Beverly Hills, Calif., who's representing a client in an arbitration against JPMorgan over an alleged breach of fiduciary duty, the details of which aren't public. “Clients shouldn't have to worry that their bank can screw them because somewhere in a large offering document it says the bank can screw them,” he said. A Labor Department rule set to take effect in April would require all advisers who recommend investments for retirement accounts to act as fiduciaries. Trump adviser Anthony Scaramucci has criticized the rule, leading to speculation that the new administration will either delay it or permanently roll it back. 0 Comments What do you think? Latest from InvestmentNews Broker-dealers▶ Investments▶ Insurance▶ Regulation▶ Retirement▶ Technology▶ Your Practice▶ More Topics Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Related Reads Another salvo in the fee wars: Schwab cuts expense ratios on index funds Clean shares could revolutionize the fund industry Edward Scissorhands slices into business manager with fiduciary lawsuit Meet the woman who's turning around Pimco Too soon to tell how best to invest under Donald Trump presidency Sponsored Financial News Most Popular 1 Banks, credit unions could start buying advisory practices 2 Justice Department continues to defend DOL fiduciary rule in court 3 Time for financial advisers to reimagine their offices 4 Buffer annuities, an index-variable hybrid, garner mixed reactions 5 Aon Hewitt sued for 401(k) 'kickback' scheme with Financial Engines Must Watch Did the Department of Labor get it right with the fiduciary rule? Featured Video Mary Beth Franklin: How Social Security benefits are really calculated Upcoming Event Apr 03 Conference 2017 Icons & Innovators On April 3rd, InvestmentNews will honor this years Icons and Innovators recipients at our inaugural Icons and Innovators Awards luncheon at the Essex House in NYC.These awards recognize financial advisers and industry... Learn more X Subscribe and SAVE over 72% View our best offer Subscribe to Print Newsletter Sign-up Register Now in Print This week's issue To download the full contents of this week's issue, click here. Past Issues January 23, 2017 January 16, 2017 January 9, 2017 Subscribe to Print Get Daily News & Intel The pulse of the financial advisory industry. Breaking news and in-depth coverage of essential topics delivered straight to your inbox. view all newsletters Connect with Us Register to access our archive of leading investment information and data Follow @newsfromIN Follow @eventsfromIN Follow @statsfromIN Follow InvestmentNews Financial Adviser Group Retirement Income Summit Group Alternative Investments Conference 40 Under 40 Like us on Facebook Like our fan page to receive the latest news and opinion from InvestmentNews. Latest News & Opinion Subscribe to this RSS feed to receive the latest news and opinion from InvestmentNews. About Contact Staff Help Center Editorial Calendar Media Kit Reprints Content Strategy Studio Copyright © 2017 Crain Communications Inc. Use of editorial content without permission is strictly prohibited. Privacy Policy and Terms & Conditions are applicable to you. All rights reserved.
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy   Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Washington Federal Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Washington Federal Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Metro Ag (MEO3) PT Set at €38.00 by equinet AG Berenberg Bank Analysts Give SAP SE (SAP) a €94.00 Price Target adidas AG (ADS) PT Set at €166.00 by Kepler Capital Markets Graco Inc. (GGG) Expected to Earn Q1 2017 Earnings of $0.78 Per Share HCA Holdings, Inc. to Post Q1 2017 Earnings of $1.81 Per Share, KeyCorp Forecasts (HCA) IDEX Corporation (IEX) Expected to Earn Q1 2017 Earnings of $0.93 Per Share Olin Corporation (OLN) Hits New 12-Month High After Strong Earnings ContraVir Pharmaceuticals Inc (CTRV) Given Consensus Rating of “Strong Buy” by Brokerages Cesca Therapeutics Inc. (KOOL) Given Consensus Recommendation of “Hold” by Brokerages Zacks: BGC Partners, Inc. (BGCP) Given $14.00 Average Target Price by Analysts Zacks: Orchid Island Capital, Inc. (ORC) Given Average Rating of “Strong Buy” by Analysts Zacks: AC Immune SA (ACIU) Given $23.00 Consensus Target Price by Analysts Royal Bank Of Canada Downgrades E.On Se (EONGY) to Underperform Pagegroup PLC (MPI) Price Target Raised to GBX 490 Diageo plc (DGE) Receives Buy Rating from HSBC Holdings plc Metro Ag (MEO3) Given a €38.00 Price Target at Oddo Securities Overstock.com, Inc. (OSTK) Major Shareholder Sells $15,228,861.84 in Stock Voya Prime Rate Trust (PPR) Declares Monthly Dividend of $0.03 Hanesbrands Inc. (HBI) Posts Quarterly Earnings Results, Misses Estimates By $0.05 EPS UNITIL Corporation (UTL) Announces Quarterly Earnings Results, Beats Estimates By $0.01 EPS JPMorgan Chase & Co. Has $719,000 Position in Washington Federal, Inc. (WAFD) February 1st, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Trevor Kearing Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet JPMorgan Chase & Co. raised its position in shares of Washington Federal, Inc. (NASDAQ:WAFD) by 38.4% during the third quarter, according to its most recent disclosure with the SEC. The institutional investor owned 26,950 shares of the company’s stock after buying an additional 7,474 shares during the period. JPMorgan Chase & Co.’s holdings in Washington Federal were worth $719,000 at the end of the most recent reporting period. Other hedge funds and other institutional investors have also modified their holdings of the company. Victory Capital Management Inc. raised its stake in shares of Washington Federal by 77.2% in the second quarter. Victory Capital Management Inc. now owns 5,180 shares of the company’s stock valued at $126,000 after buying an additional 2,256 shares in the last quarter. US Bancorp DE boosted its position in Washington Federal by 2.4% in the third quarter. US Bancorp DE now owns 4,971 shares of the company’s stock worth $132,000 after buying an additional 115 shares in the last quarter. Bronfman E.L. Rothschild L.P. boosted its position in Washington Federal by 7.5% in the third quarter. Bronfman E.L. Rothschild L.P. now owns 4,945 shares of the company’s stock worth $132,000 after buying an additional 345 shares in the last quarter. Advisor Group Inc. bought a new position in Washington Federal during the second quarter worth approximately $134,000. Finally, Tower Research Capital LLC TRC bought a new position in Washington Federal during the second quarter worth approximately $136,000. Hedge funds and other institutional investors own 82.43% of the company’s stock. Shares of Washington Federal, Inc. (NASDAQ:WAFD) traded down 0.46% on Wednesday, reaching $32.70. 136,810 shares of the company’s stock traded hands. The stock has a 50-day moving average of $34.21 and a 200 day moving average of $29.18. The firm has a market cap of $2.92 billion, a P/E ratio of 17.56 and a beta of 1.14. Washington Federal, Inc. has a 12-month low of $19.11 and a 12-month high of $35.95. Washington Federal (NASDAQ:WAFD) last announced its quarterly earnings results on Tuesday, January 17th. The company reported $0.46 earnings per share for the quarter, topping the consensus estimate of $0.44 by $0.02. Washington Federal had a net margin of 29.21% and a return on equity of 8.62%. On average, equities research analysts expect that Washington Federal, Inc. will post $1.85 earnings per share for the current year. The firm also recently declared a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Friday, February 10th. Investors of record on Wednesday, February 1st will be given a $0.15 dividend. This represents a $0.60 annualized dividend and a yield of 1.83%. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Monday, January 30th. This is a boost from Washington Federal’s previous quarterly dividend of $0.14. Washington Federal’s payout ratio is currently 32.09%. TRADEMARK VIOLATION WARNING: This piece of content was reported by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are reading this piece of content on another site, it was illegally copied and reposted in violation of international copyright and trademark legislation. The original version of this piece of content can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/02/01/jpmorgan-chase-co-has-719000-position-in-washington-federal-inc-wafd.html. Separately, Zacks Investment Research raised shares of Washington Federal from a “hold” rating to a “strong-buy” rating and set a $32.00 price objective for the company in a research note on Tuesday, November 8th. In other Washington Federal news, CEO Roy M. Whitehead sold 17,485 shares of Washington Federal stock in a transaction on Friday, November 4th. The shares were sold at an average price of $27.19, for a total transaction of $475,417.15. Following the completion of the transaction, the chief executive officer now directly owns 397,860 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $10,817,813.40. The transaction was disclosed in a legal filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which can be accessed through this link. Also, insider Brent J. Beardall sold 30,000 shares of Washington Federal stock in a transaction on Monday, November 7th. The stock was sold at an average price of $27.78, for a total transaction of $833,400.00. Following the transaction, the insider now directly owns 186,242 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $5,173,802.76. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Insiders sold 189,999 shares of company stock worth $5,749,959 in the last 90 days. 1.28% of the stock is currently owned by company insiders. Washington Federal Company Profile Washington Federal, Inc is a bank holding company. The Company conducts its operations through a federally-insured national bank subsidiary, Washington Federal, National Association (the Bank). The Company’s principal activities consists of taking deposits from the public and investing these funds in loans of various types, including first lien mortgages on single-family dwellings, construction loans, land acquisition and development loans, loans on multi-family and other income producing properties, home equity loans and business loans. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding WAFD? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Washington Federal, Inc. (NASDAQ:WAFD). Receive News & Ratings for Washington Federal Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Washington Federal Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Trump Cancels Harley-Davidson Trip Due to Possible Protests White House Appears to Pull Back on Part of Policy on Vetting President Trump’s Labor Secretary Choice Outsourced Jobs President Trump Agenda: Border Wall and Sanctuary Cities White House Says President Trump Will Not Release His Tax Returns © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy   Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Suffolk Bancorp - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Suffolk Bancorp with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News FY2016 EPS Estimates for WPT Industrial Real Estate Investment Cut by National Bank Financial (WIR) Analysts Offer Predictions for XG Technology, Inc’s FY2016 Earnings (XGTI) Mueller Water Products (MWA) To Go Ex-Dividend on February 8th Nordic American Tankers Limited (nat) to Issue Quarterly Dividend of $0.20 on February 24th National Bank Financial Raises Osisko Mining Corp (OSK) Price Target to C$4.85 Summit Industrial Income REIT (SMU.UN) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by National Bank Financial NuVista Energy Ltd. (NVA) Earns Buy Rating from TD Securities New Gold Inc. (NGD) Downgraded by Scotiabank Restaurant Brands International’s (QSR) “Outperform” Rating Reiterated at Scotiabank PennyMac Financial Services, Inc. (PFSI) Announces Earnings Results, Beats Expectations By $0.18 EPS Macerich Company (The) (MAC) to Release Quarterly Earnings on Monday Anthem, Inc. (ANTM) Reaches New 1-Year High Following Strong Earnings Workhorse Group Inc (WKHS) Sets New 52-Week Low After Analyst Downgrade Acxiom Co. (ACXM) Sets New 12-Month High on Strong Earnings CGI Group, Inc. (GIB) Issues Quarterly Earnings Results, Beats Estimates By $0.21 EPS Edwards Lifesciences Corporation (EW) Updates Q1 Earnings Guidance Zacks Investment Research Downgrades Golar LNG Partners LP (GMLP) to Sell Zacks Investment Research Upgrades Lear Corporation (LEA) to “Buy” AK Steel Holding Corporation (AKS) Stock Rating Upgraded by Vetr Inc. Ramsay Stattman Vela & Price Inc. Decreases Position in The Spectranetics Corporation (SPNC) Prudential Financial Inc. Has $501,000 Position in Suffolk Bancorp (SCNB) February 1st, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Patrick Bannon Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Prudential Financial Inc. maintained its stake in Suffolk Bancorp (NYSE:SCNB) during the third quarter, according to its most recent disclosure with the SEC. The fund owned 14,423 shares of the company’s stock at the end of the third quarter. Prudential Financial Inc. owned approximately 0.12% of Suffolk Bancorp worth $501,000 as of its most recent SEC filing. Other hedge funds have also recently bought and sold shares of the company. JPMorgan Chase & Co. raised its stake in shares of Suffolk Bancorp by 2.1% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 166,844 shares of the company’s stock worth $5,801,000 after buying an additional 3,500 shares during the period. Alps Advisors Inc. bought a new stake in shares of Suffolk Bancorp during the third quarter worth about $412,000. Wells Fargo & Company MN raised its stake in shares of Suffolk Bancorp by 23.7% in the third quarter. Wells Fargo & Company MN now owns 4,685 shares of the company’s stock worth $163,000 after buying an additional 899 shares during the period. Chicago Capital Management LLC raised its stake in shares of Suffolk Bancorp by 40.8% in the third quarter. Chicago Capital Management LLC now owns 435,432 shares of the company’s stock worth $15,140,000 after buying an additional 126,156 shares during the period. Finally, Beacon Trust Co. bought a new stake in shares of Suffolk Bancorp during the second quarter worth about $1,505,000. 58.88% of the stock is currently owned by institutional investors. Shares of Suffolk Bancorp (NYSE:SCNB) traded up 0.34% during midday trading on Wednesday, hitting $41.56. The stock had a trading volume of 28,054 shares. The stock has a 50 day moving average price of $42.49 and a 200-day moving average price of $37.55. The stock has a market capitalization of $495.02 million, a price-to-earnings ratio of 25.17 and a beta of 0.94. Suffolk Bancorp has a 52 week low of $22.88 and a 52 week high of $44.70. The firm also recently declared a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Wednesday, February 22nd. Investors of record on Wednesday, February 8th will be given a dividend of $0.10 per share. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Monday, February 6th. This represents a $0.40 dividend on an annualized basis and a yield of 0.97%. Suffolk Bancorp’s dividend payout ratio (DPR) is presently 24.10%. WARNING: This piece of content was reported by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are viewing this piece of content on another domain, it was illegally stolen and reposted in violation of international trademark and copyright legislation. The original version of this piece of content can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/02/01/prudential-financial-inc-has-501000-position-in-suffolk-bancorp-scnb.html. In related news, EVP Jeanne P. Kelley sold 3,000 shares of the stock in a transaction that occurred on Tuesday, November 22nd. The stock was sold at an average price of $40.78, for a total transaction of $122,340.00. Following the sale, the executive vice president now directly owns 12,708 shares in the company, valued at approximately $518,232.24. The transaction was disclosed in a filing with the SEC, which can be accessed through this hyperlink. 4.61% of the stock is owned by corporate insiders. Suffolk Bancorp Company Profile Suffolk Bancorp is the bank holding company for Suffolk County National Bank of Riverhead (the Bank). The Bank is a community bank, which offers commercial and retail banking services to its customers. The Bank operates over 30 branches in Nassau, Suffolk and Queens Counties, New York and loan production offices in Garden City, Melville and Long Island City. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding SCNB? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Suffolk Bancorp (NYSE:SCNB). Receive News & Ratings for Suffolk Bancorp Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Suffolk Bancorp and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Trump Cancels Harley-Davidson Trip Due to Possible Protests White House Appears to Pull Back on Part of Policy on Vetting President Trump’s Labor Secretary Choice Outsourced Jobs President Trump Agenda: Border Wall and Sanctuary Cities White House Says President Trump Will Not Release His Tax Returns © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
  Markets Stocks Indices Commodities Currencies Mutual Funds ETFs Bonds News SIGN IN BUSINESS INSIDER       PORTFOLIO SEARCH Markets Stocks Indices Commodities Currencies Mutual Funds ETFs Bonds News CANCEL One of the most powerful women on Wall Street on dollar strength, bond volatility and how investors can protect themselves Tina Wadhwa Feb. 1, 2017, 02:07 PM Bessemer Trust Business Insider recently caught up with Rebecca Patterson, the chief investment officer of Bessemer Trust, to hear about her outlook for the global economy in 2017. Bessemer Trust, a multifamily office, oversees more than $100 billion in assets. Patterson was the former Chief Markets Strategist for JPMorgan Asset Management and former Global Head of Foreign Exchange and Commodities for the JPMorgan Private Bank. She started her career in journalism as a reporter for Dow Jones in London. She is a member of the Council on Foreign Relations, the New York Federal Reserve's Investor Advisory Committee and the Economic Club of New York. American Banker named her one of "The 25 Most Powerful Women in Finance" in 2014, 2015, and 2016. In the interview, Patterson discusses dollar strength, bond volatility and how investors can protect themselves in 2017. This is part three of a three-part series. Part one was a discussion on protectionism, China, and Dow 20k. Part two featured Patterson's advice for young Wall Streeters.  This interview has been edited for clarity and length. Tina Wadhwa: Given everything you’ve spoken about on European elections and the risk with China, how do investors protect themselves from all of the uncertainty and potential volatility going into this year? Rebecca Patterson: Ironically it’s one of the reasons that we’re overweight US assets. If we do get all of the stimulus that Trump campaigned on, and the US economy does better, and the Fed raises rates more, all else equal we think that probably benefits the dollar and benefits cyclically oriented US companies. So that’s good news for the US equities market all else equal. But if something bad occurs, like a trade war with China (which is not our base case at all), I think that US equities would fall, but because of Americans’ home bias when it comes to investing and because of the likely capital flow into US money markets and cash for safety, which would push up the dollar, US equities will probably hold up at least as well as foreign markets. Usually in risk events, even if the risk event is US caused, like our debt downgrade in 2011, US markets tend to do better than overseas, because they’re more liquid and the dollar tends to benefit in risk off environments. So it helps your total return in dollars versus in overseas currencies. Having a lot in the US isn’t just a huge bet on the new administration succeeding, it’s also defensive. So that’s one thing we’re doing. But you do have to know, that’s going to be the lower volatility types of securities in your portfolios, that won’t be the small cap or the cyclicals. The other thing we’re doing is not abandoning bonds. I think there was a bit of anxiety among a lot of investors at the end of the year when the Trump election resulted in a repricing of interest rate changes over the coming year and bonds sold off. People saw a negative number next to their bond portfolio returns for the first time in a very long time. But going forward, our base case is that while the Fed will tighten, bond yields should rise slowly enough that you can get a positive return on your bonds. So bonds, we feel, even with the Fed hiking, can still play an important role in a portfolio to give you protection against some of these risks. We also have some credit holdings with floating rate debt that should be less volatile than equities, more volatile than your traditional bonds and munis, but also benefit if the shock is the Fed hiking faster than expected. And then good old fashioned diversification. Some of the lower volatility strategies got hurt after the Trump election, but it depends on how they’re built. Some people consider low vol just high dividend stocks, and I think that’s way over simplified. You can create baskets of stocks and if those stocks are different enough securities, either because of sector, company, type of business, or country, you could get lower volatility through the diversification of those holdings, and that’s generally what we do at Bessemer. So we build these lower volatility baskets, we rebalance them regularly, partly on valuation, and for the last five years, they’ve made about 10% a year with 60% of global equity volatility. So even though I’m hopeful about Trump and the new administration and some of the stimulus, we have not lightened up on these strategies. They’re going to help us if something goes off plan or risk emerges that maybe we can’t even foresee. So bonds, low vol strategies, credit, and a little diversification within the stocks you have. Wadhwa: What’s your view on dollar strength going into 2017? On Monday Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin said that "from time to time, an excessively strong dollar may have negative short-term implications on the economy". How do you see this playing out? Patterson: I think he was in a difficult situation because his new boss just made comments about the dollar being too strong a few days earlier. So how does he thread the needle of sticking to what Treasury has been saying for the last few decades without disagreeing publicly with his new boss? So I thought he handled that well. In terms of the dollar, our base case is that the broad dollar (so I’m not talking about the DXY, I’m talking about the trade weighted dollar) does continue to strengthen this year. And part of that is because the Fed is still tightening versus other major central banks (especially the ECB and Bank of Japan which are still easing), part of it is our view that as part of this tax reform we’ll get something that at least encourages repatriation which would be dollar positive all else equal, and if we have some positive stimulus in the US economy, that could attract more capital here. We think there is upside to the dollar, but the dollar is already getting very highly valued. The dollar is only a couple percent away from the highest level it’s been since it started floating in the 1970s. It doesn’t mean it can’t go further, but it’s getting rich. So we think further upside from here is probably a little more gradual. Then if the ECB starts tapering later this year or announces that it is moving in that direction, that’s going to change the math a little bit. Then another thing we’ll watch, which could affect the degree of the move one way or another, is who Trump puts in the vacant Fed seats. And then later this year if we start seeing speculation around who might replace Janet Yellen if indeed he is not going to rename her as chair in Feb 2018. If the perception is that we’re going to get more hawkish Fed members, that could extend the dollar’s gain further. If we get someone who’s not more hawkish than the current Fed, that would suggest relatively less dollar strength. Overall we’re still bullish on the dollar, but not aggressively so at this point. It’s already moved a lot. Wadhwa: What are the big themes of the moment? What are you worried about, what are you excited about? Patterson: I’m always worried about what I’m missing. I’m always worried most about the thing I’m not catching. I do worry about bond market volatility later this year with the Fed appointments. Remember it was August 2015 and there were worries about who was going to take over from Bernanke. There was a lot of disagreement whether it would be Larry Summers, Janet Yellen, or someone else, and the bond market volatility exacerbated the equity market volatility at the time. People are pricing in the risk of trade problems, the risk of equities, pricing in a lot of good news. I don’t think the market is adequately focused yet on the possible bond volatility we could get later this year. And then the French election - everyone is aware of it, everyone knows it coming, that’s not going to be a shock, but if it actually plays out that Le Pen wins, I’m not sure if investors are adequately aware of the negative and broad implications that could have. I worry about Russia in that Putin has proven for several years now that he is good at seizing opportunities. If you had another rush of migrants into Europe this spring, if you had other events that could tilt elections in a way that creates more question marks around the strength of the European Union or the European currency bloc, that definitely works to Russia’s advantage. A weaker Europe is good for Russia. Not weaker economically but weaker politically. And so that is definitely something that I think about a lot in terms of risks that we have to watch out for this year. Wadhwa: What about things that you are optimistic about or excited about this year, just to end on a positive note? Patterson: We’ve been going for so long with mediocre growth, and if you look at business confidence surveys, we’re seeing less red and more green. Emerging markets are trailing, but even they have improved on a relative basis. Europe has some real momentum. China I think in part because of their party congress this fall is going to try really hard to keep growth relatively stable this year. So if you have a stable China, an improving US, barring a France shock hopefully you have an improving Europe, you could have some decent global growth this year - and that would be welcome. It’s going to help companies and it’s going to hopefully help political leaders, because if your voters have money in their pockets, they tend to be less grumpy about other things. So that’s a good thing, and that started before the election. We started seeing that happening really in September/October, and I’m sure commodity prices stabilizing has helped, but it’s more than that. So that to me is something one shouldn’t overlook. It’s so easy to get fixated on US politics right now because it’s such a new world, but the underlying economic momentum in the US, Europe and elsewhere that started even before the election is now being reinforced after the election. And that’s great, that’s really good news. SHARE THIS POST Gainers & LosersMore Dow Jones S&P 500 NASDAQ 100 Merck Rg 64.18 3.35 % Cisco Systems Rg 31.18 2.23 % Chevron 112.21 1.09 % Boeing Co Rg 162.26 -1.04 % Unitedhealth Gro Rg 160.76 -1.20 % Caterpillar Rg 93.77 -1.41 % your MARKET VIEW Your Personalized Market Center Find News GO Home / News / Stock News / One of the most powerful women on Wall Street on dollar strength, bond volatility and how investors can protect themselves Follow us Need help? Contact us! Visit our network Copyright © 2016 Business Insider Inc. and finanzen.net GmbH (Imprint). All rights reserved. Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service amd Privacy Policy Disclaimer | Commerce Policy | Stock quotes by finanzen.net International Editions: UK | DE | AUS | ID | IN | MY | SG | PL | SE
  Markets Stocks Indices Commodities Currencies Mutual Funds ETFs Bonds News SIGN IN BUSINESS INSIDER       PORTFOLIO SEARCH Markets Stocks Indices Commodities Currencies Mutual Funds ETFs Bonds News CANCEL One of Wall Street's most powerful women on dollar strength, bond volatility and how investors can protect themselves Markets Insider Feb. 1, 2017, 01:36 PM Business Insider recently caught up with Rebecca Patterson, the chief investment officer of Bessemer Trust, to hear about her outlook for the global economy in 2017. Bessemer Trust, a multifamily office, oversees more than $100 billion in assets. Patterson was the former Chief Markets Strategist for JPMorgan Asset Management and former Global Head of Foreign Exchange and Commodities for the JPMorgan Private Bank. She started her career in journalism as a reporter for Dow Jones in London. She is a member of the Council on Foreign Relations, the New York Federal Reserve's Investor Advisory Committee and the Economic Club of New York. American Banker named her one of "The 25 Most Powerful Women in Finance" in 2014, 2015, and 2016. In the interview, Patterson discusses dollar strength, bond volatility and how investors can protect themselves in 2017. This is part three of a three-part series. Part one was a discussion on protectionism, China, and Dow 20k. Part two featured Patterson's advice for young Wall Streeters.  This interview has been edited for clarity and length. Tina Wadhwa: Given everything you’ve spoken about on European elections and the risk with China, how do investors protect themselves from all of the uncertainty and potential volatility going into this year? Rebecca Patterson: Ironically it’s one of the reasons that we’re overweight US assets. If we do get all of the stimulus that Trump campaigned on, and the US economy does better, and the Fed raises rates more, all else equal we think that probably benefits the dollar and benefits cyclically oriented US companies. So that’s good news for the US equities market all else equal. But if something bad occurs, like a trade war with China (which is not our base case at all), I think that US equities would fall, but because of Americans’ home bias when it comes to investing and because of the likely capital flow into US money markets and cash for safety, which would push up the dollar, US equities will probably hold up at least as well as foreign markets. Usually in risk events, even if the risk event is US caused, like our debt downgrade in 2011, US markets tend to do better than overseas, because they’re more liquid and the dollar tends to benefit in risk off environments. So it helps your total return in dollars versus in overseas currencies. Having a lot in the US isn’t just a huge bet on the new administration succeeding, it’s also defensive. So that’s one thing we’re doing. But you do have to know, that’s going to be the lower volatility types of securities in your portfolios, that won’t be the small cap or the cyclicals. The other thing we’re doing is not abandoning bonds. I think there was a bit of anxiety among a lot of investors at the end of the year when the Trump election resulted in a repricing of interest rate changes over the coming year and bonds sold off. People saw a negative number next to their bond portfolio returns for the first time in a very long time. But going forward, our base case is that while the Fed will tighten, bond yields should rise slowly enough that you can get a positive return on your bonds. So bonds, we feel, even with the Fed hiking, can still play an important role in a portfolio to give you protection against some of these risks. We also have some credit holdings with floating rate debt that should be less volatile than equities, more volatile than your traditional bonds and munis, but also benefit if the shock is the Fed hiking faster than expected. And then good old fashioned diversification. Some of the lower volatility strategies got hurt after the Trump election, but it depends on how they’re built. Some people consider low vol just high dividend stocks, and I think that’s way over simplified. You can create baskets of stocks and if those stocks are different enough securities, either because of sector, company, type of business, or country, you could get lower volatility through the diversification of those holdings, and that’s generally what we do at Bessemer. So we build these lower volatility baskets, we rebalance them regularly, partly on valuation, and for the last five years, they’ve made about 10% a year with 60% of global equity volatility. So even though I’m hopeful about Trump and the new administration and some of the stimulus, we have not lightened up on these strategies. They’re going to help us if something goes off plan or risk emerges that maybe we can’t even foresee. So bonds, low vol strategies, credit, and a little diversification within the stocks you have. Wadhwa: What’s your view on dollar strength going into 2017? On Monday Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin said that "from time to time, an excessively strong dollar may have negative short-term implications on the economy". How do you see this playing out? Patterson: I think he was in a difficult situation because his new boss just made comments about the dollar being too strong a few days earlier. So how does he thread the needle of sticking to what Treasury has been saying for the last few decades without disagreeing publicly with his new boss? So I thought he handled that well. In terms of the dollar, our base case is that the broad dollar (so I’m not talking about the DXY, I’m talking about the trade weighted dollar) does continue to strengthen this year. And part of that is because the Fed is still tightening versus other major central banks (especially the ECB and Bank of Japan which are still easing), part of it is our view that as part of this tax reform we’ll get something that at least encourages repatriation which would be dollar positive all else equal, and if we have some positive stimulus in the US economy, that could attract more capital here. We think there is upside to the dollar, but the dollar is already getting very highly valued. The dollar is only a couple percent away from the highest level it’s been since it started floating in the 1970s. It doesn’t mean it can’t go further, but it’s getting rich. So we think further upside from here is probably a little more gradual. Then if the ECB starts tapering later this year or announces that it is moving in that direction, that’s going to change the math a little bit. Then another thing we’ll watch, which could affect the degree of the move one way or another, is who Trump puts in the vacant Fed seats. And then later this year if we start seeing speculation around who might replace Janet Yellen if indeed he is not going to rename her as chair in Feb 2018. If the perception is that we’re going to get more hawkish Fed members, that could extend the dollar’s gain further. If we get someone who’s not more hawkish than the current Fed, that would suggest relatively less dollar strength. Overall we’re still bullish on the dollar, but not aggressively so at this point. It’s already moved a lot. Wadhwa: What are the big themes of the moment? What are you worried about, what are you excited about? Patterson: I’m always worried about what I’m missing. I’m always worried most about the thing I’m not catching. I do worry about bond market volatility later this year with the Fed appointments. Remember it was August 2015 and there were worries about who was going to take over from Bernanke. There was a lot of disagreement whether it would be Larry Summers, Janet Yellen, or someone else, and the bond market volatility exacerbated the equity market volatility at the time. People are pricing in the risk of trade problems, the risk of equities, pricing in a lot of good news. I don’t think the market is adequately focused yet on the possible bond volatility we could get later this year. And then the French election - everyone is aware of it, everyone knows it coming, that’s not going to be a shock, but if it actually plays out that Le Pen wins, I’m not sure if investors are adequately aware of the negative and broad implications that could have. I worry about Russia in that Putin has proven for several years now that he is good at seizing opportunities. If you had another rush of migrants into Europe this spring, if you had other events that could tilt elections in a way that creates more question marks around the strength of the European Union or the European currency bloc, that definitely works to Russia’s advantage. A weaker Europe is good for Russia. Not weaker economically but weaker politically. And so that is definitely something that I think about a lot in terms of risks that we have to watch out for this year. Wadhwa: What about things that you are optimistic about or excited about this year, just to end on a positive note? Patterson: We’ve been going for so long with mediocre growth, and if you look at business confidence surveys, we’re seeing less red and more green. Emerging markets are trailing, but even they have improved on a relative basis. Europe has some real momentum. China I think in part because of their party congress this fall is going to try really hard to keep growth relatively stable this year. So if you have a stable China, an improving US, barring a France shock hopefully you have an improving Europe, you could have some decent global growth this year - and that would be welcome. It’s going to help companies and it’s going to hopefully help political leaders, because if your voters have money in their pockets, they tend to be less grumpy about other things. So that’s a good thing, and that started before the election. We started seeing that happening really in September/October, and I’m sure commodity prices stabilizing has helped, but it’s more than that. So that to me is something one shouldn’t overlook. It’s so easy to get fixated on US politics right now b/c it’s such a new world, but the underlying economic momentum in the US, Europe and elsewhere that started even before the election is now being reinforced after the election. And that’s great, that’s really good news. SHARE THIS POST Gainers & LosersMore Dow Jones S&P 500 NASDAQ 100 Merck Rg 64.18 3.35 % Cisco Systems Rg 31.18 2.23 % Chevron 112.21 1.09 % Boeing Co Rg 162.26 -1.04 % Unitedhealth Gro Rg 160.76 -1.20 % Caterpillar Rg 93.77 -1.41 % your MARKET VIEW Your Personalized Market Center Find News GO Home / News / Stock News / One of Wall Street's most powerful women on dollar strength, bond volatility and how investors can protect themselves Follow us Need help? Contact us! Visit our network Copyright © 2016 Business Insider Inc. and finanzen.net GmbH (Imprint). All rights reserved. Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service amd Privacy Policy Disclaimer | Commerce Policy | Stock quotes by finanzen.net International Editions: UK | DE | AUS | ID | IN | MY | SG | PL | SE
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy   Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Hospitality Properties Trust - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Hospitality Properties Trust with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Metro Ag (MEO3) PT Set at €38.00 by equinet AG Berenberg Bank Analysts Give SAP SE (SAP) a €94.00 Price Target adidas AG (ADS) PT Set at €166.00 by Kepler Capital Markets Graco Inc. (GGG) Expected to Earn Q1 2017 Earnings of $0.78 Per Share HCA Holdings, Inc. to Post Q1 2017 Earnings of $1.81 Per Share, KeyCorp Forecasts (HCA) IDEX Corporation (IEX) Expected to Earn Q1 2017 Earnings of $0.93 Per Share Olin Corporation (OLN) Hits New 12-Month High After Strong Earnings ContraVir Pharmaceuticals Inc (CTRV) Given Consensus Rating of “Strong Buy” by Brokerages Cesca Therapeutics Inc. (KOOL) Given Consensus Recommendation of “Hold” by Brokerages Zacks: BGC Partners, Inc. (BGCP) Given $14.00 Average Target Price by Analysts Zacks: Orchid Island Capital, Inc. (ORC) Given Average Rating of “Strong Buy” by Analysts Zacks: AC Immune SA (ACIU) Given $23.00 Consensus Target Price by Analysts Royal Bank Of Canada Downgrades E.On Se (EONGY) to Underperform Pagegroup PLC (MPI) Price Target Raised to GBX 490 Diageo plc (DGE) Receives Buy Rating from HSBC Holdings plc Metro Ag (MEO3) Given a €38.00 Price Target at Oddo Securities Overstock.com, Inc. (OSTK) Major Shareholder Sells $15,228,861.84 in Stock Voya Prime Rate Trust (PPR) Declares Monthly Dividend of $0.03 Hanesbrands Inc. (HBI) Posts Quarterly Earnings Results, Misses Estimates By $0.05 EPS UNITIL Corporation (UTL) Announces Quarterly Earnings Results, Beats Estimates By $0.01 EPS Trent Capital Management Inc. NC Invests $1,976,000 in Hospitality Properties Trust (HPT) February 1st, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Patrick Bannon Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Trent Capital Management Inc. NC bought a new stake in shares of Hospitality Properties Trust (NYSE:HPT) during the fourth quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The institutional investor bought 62,270 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock, valued at approximately $1,976,000. Hospitality Properties Trust makes up about 2.2% of Trent Capital Management Inc. NC’s investment portfolio, making the stock its 21st largest position. A number of other institutional investors have also recently bought and sold shares of the stock. JPMorgan Chase & Co. increased its position in Hospitality Properties Trust by 318.1% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 3,554,446 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock valued at $105,639,000 after buying an additional 2,704,391 shares in the last quarter. Bank of New York Mellon Corp increased its position in shares of Hospitality Properties Trust by 43.8% in the third quarter. Bank of New York Mellon Corp now owns 4,612,533 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock worth $137,084,000 after buying an additional 1,403,930 shares during the period. BlackRock Fund Advisors increased its position in shares of Hospitality Properties Trust by 11.4% in the third quarter. BlackRock Fund Advisors now owns 6,605,430 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock worth $196,313,000 after buying an additional 678,253 shares during the period. Security Capital Research & Management Inc. bought a new position in shares of Hospitality Properties Trust during the second quarter worth about $18,098,000. Finally, Chicago Equity Partners LLC increased its position in shares of Hospitality Properties Trust by 99.9% in the second quarter. Chicago Equity Partners LLC now owns 637,845 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock worth $18,370,000 after buying an additional 318,825 shares during the period. Shares of Hospitality Properties Trust (NYSE:HPT) traded down 1.09% during midday trading on Wednesday, reaching $30.79. The company’s stock had a trading volume of 197,971 shares. Hospitality Properties Trust has a 12-month low of $21.58 and a 12-month high of $32.46. The company has a market capitalization of $5.06 billion, a P/E ratio of 39.32 and a beta of 1.11. The company’s 50-day moving average price is $31.17 and its 200 day moving average price is $29.96. Hospitality Properties Trust (NYSE:HPT) last posted its earnings results on Wednesday, November 9th. The real estate investment trust reported $1.03 EPS for the quarter, missing the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of $1.04 by $0.01. The company earned $543.52 million during the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $549.70 million. During the same period last year, the firm posted $0.99 EPS. The firm’s quarterly revenue was up 6.2% compared to the same quarter last year. On average, equities research analysts forecast that Hospitality Properties Trust will post $1.26 earnings per share for the current year. The firm also recently announced a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Tuesday, February 21st. Investors of record on Monday, January 23rd will be given a dividend of $0.51 per share. This represents a $2.04 annualized dividend and a yield of 6.55%. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Thursday, January 19th. Hospitality Properties Trust’s payout ratio is 196.16%. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION WARNING: This piece of content was originally published by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are accessing this piece of content on another publication, it was illegally copied and reposted in violation of U.S. and international trademark and copyright legislation. The original version of this piece of content can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/02/01/trent-capital-management-inc-nc-invests-1976000-in-hospitality-properties-trust-hpt.html. A number of equities analysts have recently issued reports on the company. Zacks Investment Research downgraded Hospitality Properties Trust from a “hold” rating to a “sell” rating in a research report on Tuesday, January 10th. Stifel Nicolaus restated a “buy” rating and set a $33.50 price objective (up from $31.00) on shares of Hospitality Properties Trust in a research report on Friday, January 6th. Canaccord Genuity restated a “hold” rating and set a $30.00 price objective on shares of Hospitality Properties Trust in a research report on Friday, December 23rd. FBR & Co upgraded Hospitality Properties Trust from a “market perform” rating to an “outperform” rating and set a $33.00 price objective for the company in a research report on Friday, November 11th. Finally, Janney Montgomery Scott assumed coverage on Hospitality Properties Trust in a research report on Tuesday, October 18th. They set a “buy” rating and a $31.00 price objective for the company. One investment analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, two have given a hold rating and four have given a buy rating to the company. The company currently has a consensus rating of “Hold” and a consensus target price of $32.10. Hospitality Properties Trust Company Profile Hospitality Properties Trust is a real estate investment trust. The Company owns approximately 300 hotels with over 45,860 rooms or suites, and approximately 190 travel centers. The Company’s segments include hotel investments, travel center investments and corporate. The Company’s properties are located in approximately 50 states in the United States, Canada and Puerto Rico. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding HPT? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Hospitality Properties Trust (NYSE:HPT). Receive News & Ratings for Hospitality Properties Trust Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Hospitality Properties Trust and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Trump Cancels Harley-Davidson Trip Due to Possible Protests White House Appears to Pull Back on Part of Policy on Vetting President Trump’s Labor Secretary Choice Outsourced Jobs President Trump Agenda: Border Wall and Sanctuary Cities White House Says President Trump Will Not Release His Tax Returns © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Finance BI Intelligence Events Trending Tech Insider Finance Politics Strategy Life Sports Video All × From To You have successfully emailed the post. × 
     

 JPM MEMO ON TRUMP'S TRAVEL BAN: We have an 'unwavering commitment' to our staff Oscar Williams-Grut and Portia Crowe, Business Insider UK Jan. 30, 2017, 7:37 AM 14,166 facebook linkedin twitter email print JPMorgan Chase CEO Jamie Dimon at the 2015 Fortune Global Forum. Kimberly White/Getty Images JPMorgan sent its employees a memo addressing US President Donald Trump's controversial travel ban. The president on Friday signed an executive order barring people from seven majority-Muslim countries — Iraq, Iran, Libya, Somalia, Sudan, Syria, and Yemen — from travelling to the US. The move has attracted widespread criticism from world leaders and sparked protests across the US. The JPMorgan memo was written by the bank's operating committee, which includes CEO Jamie Dimon, and sent to the firm's staff globally on Sunday. Here is the full text of the memo, which was seen by Business Insider: "Message from the Operating Committee: "In light of recent executive orders in the United States regarding immigration policy, we want every one of you to know of our unwavering commitment to the dedicated people working here at JPMorgan Chase. "This includes a number of our outstanding employees — all of whom have adhered to our country's immigration and employment processes — who have come to the United States to serve our company, clients and communities. "Over the weekend, we have worked to reach out to all JPMorgan Chase employees on sponsored visas who are potentially impacted by the recent orders. We understand the situation is evolving quickly, so if you have any concerns about your own situation and have not been contacted, please reach out to your local immigration specialist or HR team. "With more than 140,000 employees in the United States alone, we are grateful for the hard work and sacrifices made to keep our country safe. At the same time, we understand that our country, economy and wellbeing are strengthened by the rich diversity of the world around us, where we are dedicated to serving customers and communities in more than 100 countries every day. "Thank you." A source at the bank told Business Insider that JPMorgan had also set up a hotline for workers who think they may be affected by the new plans. NOW WATCH: Here's the massive gap in average income between the top 1% and the bottom 99% in every state Loading video... More: JPMorgan Chase JPMorgan Travel Ban Donald Trump President Donald Trump facebook linkedin twitter email print × Recommended For You Powered by Sailthru JPM MEMO ON TRUMP'S TRAVEL BAN: We have an 'unwavering commitment' to our staff JPM MEMO ON TRUMP'S TRAVEL BAN: We have an 'unwavering commitment' to our staff JPMorgan sent its employees a memo addressing... JOBS REPORT LIVE 4:04:31 Recommended For You Disclaimer Featured How this astronaut overcame failure and rejection to land his dream job More "Idea Factory" » We just created the best Google Chrome extension on the market for latest news headlines More "BI Innovations" » Finance Emails & Alerts Get the best of Business Insider delivered to your inbox every day. Sign-Up Letter to My Younger Self Hockey great 'King Henrik' Lundqvist on growing up in a tiny Swedish town and his dad's advice to 'dream big' Read Lundqvist's letter to his teenage self » Read Business Insider On The Go Available on iOS or Android Find A Job Tech Jobs C-Level Jobs Media Jobs Design Jobs Finance Jobs Sales Jobs See All Jobs » Thanks to our partners Follow us on: Also check out: * Copyright © 2017 Business Insider Inc. All rights reserved. Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. Disclaimer Commerce Policy Made in NYC Stock quotes by finanzen.net International Editions: UK DE AUS ID IN MY SG PL SE NL FR IT JP
  Markets Stocks Indices Commodities Currencies Mutual Funds ETFs Bonds News SIGN IN BUSINESS INSIDER       PORTFOLIO SEARCH Markets Stocks Indices Commodities Currencies Mutual Funds ETFs Bonds News CANCEL One of the most powerful women on Wall Street on dollar strength, bond volatility and how investors can protect themselves Tina Wadhwa Feb. 1, 2017, 02:07 PM Bessemer Trust Business Insider recently caught up with Rebecca Patterson, the chief investment officer of Bessemer Trust, to hear about her outlook for the global economy in 2017. Bessemer Trust, a multifamily office, oversees more than $100 billion in assets. Patterson was the former Chief Markets Strategist for JPMorgan Asset Management and former Global Head of Foreign Exchange and Commodities for the JPMorgan Private Bank. She started her career in journalism as a reporter for Dow Jones in London. She is a member of the Council on Foreign Relations, the New York Federal Reserve's Investor Advisory Committee and the Economic Club of New York. American Banker named her one of "The 25 Most Powerful Women in Finance" in 2014, 2015, and 2016. In the interview, Patterson discusses dollar strength, bond volatility and how investors can protect themselves in 2017. This is part three of a three-part series. Part one was a discussion on protectionism, China, and Dow 20k. Part two featured Patterson's advice for young Wall Streeters.  This interview has been edited for clarity and length. Tina Wadhwa: Given everything you’ve spoken about on European elections and the risk with China, how do investors protect themselves from all of the uncertainty and potential volatility going into this year? Rebecca Patterson: Ironically it’s one of the reasons that we’re overweight US assets. If we do get all of the stimulus that Trump campaigned on, and the US economy does better, and the Fed raises rates more, all else equal we think that probably benefits the dollar and benefits cyclically oriented US companies. So that’s good news for the US equities market all else equal. But if something bad occurs, like a trade war with China (which is not our base case at all), I think that US equities would fall, but because of Americans’ home bias when it comes to investing and because of the likely capital flow into US money markets and cash for safety, which would push up the dollar, US equities will probably hold up at least as well as foreign markets. Usually in risk events, even if the risk event is US caused, like our debt downgrade in 2011, US markets tend to do better than overseas, because they’re more liquid and the dollar tends to benefit in risk off environments. So it helps your total return in dollars versus in overseas currencies. Having a lot in the US isn’t just a huge bet on the new administration succeeding, it’s also defensive. So that’s one thing we’re doing. But you do have to know, that’s going to be the lower volatility types of securities in your portfolios, that won’t be the small cap or the cyclicals. The other thing we’re doing is not abandoning bonds. I think there was a bit of anxiety among a lot of investors at the end of the year when the Trump election resulted in a repricing of interest rate changes over the coming year and bonds sold off. People saw a negative number next to their bond portfolio returns for the first time in a very long time. But going forward, our base case is that while the Fed will tighten, bond yields should rise slowly enough that you can get a positive return on your bonds. So bonds, we feel, even with the Fed hiking, can still play an important role in a portfolio to give you protection against some of these risks. We also have some credit holdings with floating rate debt that should be less volatile than equities, more volatile than your traditional bonds and munis, but also benefit if the shock is the Fed hiking faster than expected. And then good old fashioned diversification. Some of the lower volatility strategies got hurt after the Trump election, but it depends on how they’re built. Some people consider low vol just high dividend stocks, and I think that’s way over simplified. You can create baskets of stocks and if those stocks are different enough securities, either because of sector, company, type of business, or country, you could get lower volatility through the diversification of those holdings, and that’s generally what we do at Bessemer. So we build these lower volatility baskets, we rebalance them regularly, partly on valuation, and for the last five years, they’ve made about 10% a year with 60% of global equity volatility. So even though I’m hopeful about Trump and the new administration and some of the stimulus, we have not lightened up on these strategies. They’re going to help us if something goes off plan or risk emerges that maybe we can’t even foresee. So bonds, low vol strategies, credit, and a little diversification within the stocks you have. Wadhwa: What’s your view on dollar strength going into 2017? On Monday Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin said that "from time to time, an excessively strong dollar may have negative short-term implications on the economy". How do you see this playing out? Patterson: I think he was in a difficult situation because his new boss just made comments about the dollar being too strong a few days earlier. So how does he thread the needle of sticking to what Treasury has been saying for the last few decades without disagreeing publicly with his new boss? So I thought he handled that well. In terms of the dollar, our base case is that the broad dollar (so I’m not talking about the DXY, I’m talking about the trade weighted dollar) does continue to strengthen this year. And part of that is because the Fed is still tightening versus other major central banks (especially the ECB and Bank of Japan which are still easing), part of it is our view that as part of this tax reform we’ll get something that at least encourages repatriation which would be dollar positive all else equal, and if we have some positive stimulus in the US economy, that could attract more capital here. We think there is upside to the dollar, but the dollar is already getting very highly valued. The dollar is only a couple percent away from the highest level it’s been since it started floating in the 1970s. It doesn’t mean it can’t go further, but it’s getting rich. So we think further upside from here is probably a little more gradual. Then if the ECB starts tapering later this year or announces that it is moving in that direction, that’s going to change the math a little bit. Then another thing we’ll watch, which could affect the degree of the move one way or another, is who Trump puts in the vacant Fed seats. And then later this year if we start seeing speculation around who might replace Janet Yellen if indeed he is not going to rename her as chair in Feb 2018. If the perception is that we’re going to get more hawkish Fed members, that could extend the dollar’s gain further. If we get someone who’s not more hawkish than the current Fed, that would suggest relatively less dollar strength. Overall we’re still bullish on the dollar, but not aggressively so at this point. It’s already moved a lot. Wadhwa: What are the big themes of the moment? What are you worried about, what are you excited about? Patterson: I’m always worried about what I’m missing. I’m always worried most about the thing I’m not catching. I do worry about bond market volatility later this year with the Fed appointments. Remember it was August 2015 and there were worries about who was going to take over from Bernanke. There was a lot of disagreement whether it would be Larry Summers, Janet Yellen, or someone else, and the bond market volatility exacerbated the equity market volatility at the time. People are pricing in the risk of trade problems, the risk of equities, pricing in a lot of good news. I don’t think the market is adequately focused yet on the possible bond volatility we could get later this year. And then the French election - everyone is aware of it, everyone knows it coming, that’s not going to be a shock, but if it actually plays out that Le Pen wins, I’m not sure if investors are adequately aware of the negative and broad implications that could have. I worry about Russia in that Putin has proven for several years now that he is good at seizing opportunities. If you had another rush of migrants into Europe this spring, if you had other events that could tilt elections in a way that creates more question marks around the strength of the European Union or the European currency bloc, that definitely works to Russia’s advantage. A weaker Europe is good for Russia. Not weaker economically but weaker politically. And so that is definitely something that I think about a lot in terms of risks that we have to watch out for this year. Wadhwa: What about things that you are optimistic about or excited about this year, just to end on a positive note? Patterson: We’ve been going for so long with mediocre growth, and if you look at business confidence surveys, we’re seeing less red and more green. Emerging markets are trailing, but even they have improved on a relative basis. Europe has some real momentum. China I think in part because of their party congress this fall is going to try really hard to keep growth relatively stable this year. So if you have a stable China, an improving US, barring a France shock hopefully you have an improving Europe, you could have some decent global growth this year - and that would be welcome. It’s going to help companies and it’s going to hopefully help political leaders, because if your voters have money in their pockets, they tend to be less grumpy about other things. So that’s a good thing, and that started before the election. We started seeing that happening really in September/October, and I’m sure commodity prices stabilizing has helped, but it’s more than that. So that to me is something one shouldn’t overlook. It’s so easy to get fixated on US politics right now because it’s such a new world, but the underlying economic momentum in the US, Europe and elsewhere that started even before the election is now being reinforced after the election. And that’s great, that’s really good news. SHARE THIS POST Gainers & LosersMore Dow Jones S&P 500 NASDAQ 100 Merck Rg 64.18 3.35 % Cisco Systems Rg 31.18 2.23 % Chevron 112.21 1.09 % Boeing Co Rg 162.26 -1.04 % Unitedhealth Gro Rg 160.76 -1.20 % Caterpillar Rg 93.77 -1.41 % your MARKET VIEW Your Personalized Market Center Find News GO Home / News / Stock News / One of the most powerful women on Wall Street on dollar strength, bond volatility and how investors can protect themselves Follow us Need help? Contact us! Visit our network Copyright © 2016 Business Insider Inc. and finanzen.net GmbH (Imprint). All rights reserved. Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service amd Privacy Policy Disclaimer | Commerce Policy | Stock quotes by finanzen.net International Editions: UK | DE | AUS | ID | IN | MY | SG | PL | SE
Skip to content GPS Tracking Info Just another NEWS site Uncategorized Mundo Entretenimento Negócios Desporto Uncategorized Mundo Entretenimento Negócios Desporto US appeals court revives JPMorgan silver futures rigging lawsuits By admin in Uncategorized February 1, 2017 NEW YORK: A U.S. appeals court on Wednesday revived three private antitrust lawsuits accusing JPMorgan Chase Co of rigging a market for silver futures contracts traded on COMEX.The 2nd U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals in New York said a lower court judge held hedge fund manager Daniel Shak and two other traders to an excessively high legal standard when deciding last June 29 to dismiss their complaints.Shak, Mark Grumet and Thomas Wacker accused the largest U.S. bank of having in late 2010 and early 2011 placed artificial bids on the trading floor, harangued staff at metals market COMEX to obtain prices it wanted, and made misrepresentations to a committee that set settlement prices.The traders said this forced them to post more capital to support their positions in silver futures spreads, and ultimately to liquidate them at heavy losses.Shak is also known for playing high-stakes poker.In Wednesday’s unsigned decision, a three-judge panel rejected U.S. District Judge Paul Engelmayer’s finding that the traders did not adequately show that JPMorgan made “uneconomic” bids, or intended to rig the market.The panel said Engelmayer demanded too much detail, including specific transaction terms and the identities of JPMorgan’s counterparties.It also said Engelmayer engaged in “impermissible fact-finding” by objecting to the plaintiffs’ use of the 12-month Silver Indicative Forward Mid Rates as a benchmark for determining proper spread levels.”We hold that plaintiffs adequately pleaded ‘willful acquisition or… Tags: JPMorgan Chase Post navigation US manufacturing activity expands in January NHS praised in Taunton and Shepton Mallet for fixing ‘scary’ loss… Search for: Recent Posts Channel24.co.za | Sam Cowen gives us inside deets of Married at First Sight SA WHAT? Uday Chopra wants ex-Nargis Fakhri back? Genelia D’souza and Riteish Deshmukh anniversary wish for each other will make you want a relationship like them Dutch security chief says Russia is trying to hack government websites Essex Senior League: Ilford manager Allan Fenn excited to have packed fixture list in February Archives February 2017 January 2017 Categories Ciência Desporto Entretenimento Mundo Negócios Saúde Uncategorized Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Copyright © 2017 GPS Tracking Info. All Rights Reserved. Theme by I Love WordPress
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy   Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Kimco Realty Corporation - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Kimco Realty Corporation with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Marco Investment Management LLC Sells 3,000 Shares of Aflac Incorporated (AFL) Highlander Capital Management LLC Reduces Position in Investors Bancorp, Inc. (ISBC) Waste Management, Inc. (WM) Shares Bought by Highlander Capital Management LLC Highlander Capital Management LLC Continues to Hold Stake in Willis Towers Watson Public Limited Company (WLTW) Dover Corporation (DOV) Position Held by Highlander Capital Management LLC Highlander Capital Management LLC Has $270,000 Position in Becton, Dickinson and Company (BDX) Medtronic PLC (MDT) Stake Cut by KCM Investment Advisors LLC The Kraft Heinz Company (KHC) Shares Bought by KCM Investment Advisors LLC Dana Investment Advisors Inc. Lowers Position in Neenah Paper, Inc. (NP) Dana Investment Advisors Inc. Has $9,969,000 Stake in Hasbro, Inc. (HAS) Choate Investment Advisors Boosts Position in Allergan PLC. (AGN) CDK Global, Inc. (CDK) Position Maintained by Choate Investment Advisors Choate Investment Advisors Continues to Hold Stake in Torchmark Corporation (TMK) Choate Investment Advisors Has $552,000 Stake in Diageo PLC (DEO) Security Capital Research & Management Inc. Has $14,620,000 Stake in Chesapeake Lodging Trust (CHSP) Security Capital Research & Management Inc. Buys 825 Shares of Saul Centers, Inc. (BFS) Paramount Group Inc (PGRE) Position Decreased by Security Capital Research & Management Inc. GlaxoSmithKline PLC (GSK) Position Increased by Cetera Advisor Networks LLC Doheny Asset Management CA Acquires New Stake in Foundation Medicine, Inc. (FMI) NextEra Energy, Inc. (NEE) Shares Bought by Cetera Advisor Networks LLC JPMorgan Chase & Co. Has $881,252,000 Position in Kimco Realty Corporation (KIM) February 1st, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Trevor Kearing Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet JPMorgan Chase & Co. reduced its position in shares of Kimco Realty Corporation (NYSE:KIM) by 5.4% during the third quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The institutional investor owned 30,440,471 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock after selling 1,751,286 shares during the period. JPMorgan Chase & Co. owned about 7.25% of Kimco Realty Corporation worth $881,252,000 at the end of the most recent reporting period. Several other large investors have also recently made changes to their positions in KIM. Advisors Asset Management Inc. raised its stake in shares of Kimco Realty Corporation by 66.5% in the second quarter. Advisors Asset Management Inc. now owns 3,329 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock worth $104,000 after buying an additional 1,329 shares in the last quarter. Nuveen Fund Advisors LLC purchased a new stake in shares of Kimco Realty Corporation during the second quarter worth about $204,000. Bank of Nova Scotia raised its stake in shares of Kimco Realty Corporation by 6.7% in the second quarter. Bank of Nova Scotia now owns 8,240 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock worth $259,000 after buying an additional 520 shares in the last quarter. Ameritas Investment Partners Inc. raised its stake in shares of Kimco Realty Corporation by 9.5% in the second quarter. Ameritas Investment Partners Inc. now owns 8,296 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock worth $260,000 after buying an additional 721 shares in the last quarter. Finally, Meiji Yasuda Life Insurance Co purchased a new stake in shares of Kimco Realty Corporation during the second quarter worth about $266,000. 91.84% of the stock is owned by hedge funds and other institutional investors. Kimco Realty Corporation (NYSE:KIM) traded down 0.48% on Wednesday, hitting $24.77. 794,729 shares of the stock traded hands. The firm’s 50-day moving average price is $25.31 and its 200-day moving average price is $27.74. The stock has a market cap of $10.53 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 16.61 and a beta of 0.79. Kimco Realty Corporation has a 12-month low of $24.35 and a 12-month high of $32.24. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY NOTICE: This piece was originally published by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are viewing this piece on another publication, it was stolen and republished in violation of US & international copyright and trademark legislation. The correct version of this piece can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/02/01/jpmorgan-chase-co-has-881252000-position-in-kimco-realty-corporation-kim.html. A number of equities research analysts recently issued reports on the stock. Raymond James Financial, Inc. raised shares of Kimco Realty Corporation from a “market perform” rating to an “outperform” rating and set a $28.00 price objective for the company in a report on Monday, January 9th. J P Morgan Chase & Co lowered shares of Kimco Realty Corporation from an “overweight” rating to a “neutral” rating and dropped their price objective for the company from $30.00 to $27.50 in a report on Friday, December 16th. Barclays PLC dropped their price objective on shares of Kimco Realty Corporation from $32.00 to $27.00 and set an “overweight” rating for the company in a report on Monday, January 23rd. Wells Fargo & Company reissued a “hold” rating on shares of Kimco Realty Corporation in a report on Wednesday, November 30th. Finally, Argus raised shares of Kimco Realty Corporation from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $30.00 price objective for the company in a report on Friday, November 25th. Two equities research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, seven have assigned a hold rating, seven have given a buy rating and one has assigned a strong buy rating to the stock. The company currently has an average rating of “Hold” and an average target price of $30.58. Kimco Realty Corporation Company Profile Kimco Realty Corporation is a real estate investment trust. The Company is engaged principally in the ownership, management, development and operation of open-air shopping centers. The Company holds interests in approximately 610 shopping center properties, aggregating over 100 million square feet of gross leasable area (GLA), located in approximately 40 states of the United States, Puerto Rico and Canada. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding KIM? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Kimco Realty Corporation (NYSE:KIM). Receive News & Ratings for Kimco Realty Corporation Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Kimco Realty Corporation and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Trump Cancels Harley-Davidson Trip Due to Possible Protests White House Appears to Pull Back on Part of Policy on Vetting President Trump’s Labor Secretary Choice Outsourced Jobs President Trump Agenda: Border Wall and Sanctuary Cities White House Says President Trump Will Not Release His Tax Returns © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy   Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Hartford Financial Services Group Inc. (The) - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Hartford Financial Services Group Inc. (The) with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Metro Ag (MEO3) PT Set at €38.00 by equinet AG Berenberg Bank Analysts Give SAP SE (SAP) a €94.00 Price Target adidas AG (ADS) PT Set at €166.00 by Kepler Capital Markets Graco Inc. (GGG) Expected to Earn Q1 2017 Earnings of $0.78 Per Share HCA Holdings, Inc. to Post Q1 2017 Earnings of $1.81 Per Share, KeyCorp Forecasts (HCA) IDEX Corporation (IEX) Expected to Earn Q1 2017 Earnings of $0.93 Per Share Olin Corporation (OLN) Hits New 12-Month High After Strong Earnings ContraVir Pharmaceuticals Inc (CTRV) Given Consensus Rating of “Strong Buy” by Brokerages Cesca Therapeutics Inc. (KOOL) Given Consensus Recommendation of “Hold” by Brokerages Zacks: BGC Partners, Inc. (BGCP) Given $14.00 Average Target Price by Analysts Zacks: Orchid Island Capital, Inc. (ORC) Given Average Rating of “Strong Buy” by Analysts Zacks: AC Immune SA (ACIU) Given $23.00 Consensus Target Price by Analysts Royal Bank Of Canada Downgrades E.On Se (EONGY) to Underperform Pagegroup PLC (MPI) Price Target Raised to GBX 490 Diageo plc (DGE) Receives Buy Rating from HSBC Holdings plc Metro Ag (MEO3) Given a €38.00 Price Target at Oddo Securities Overstock.com, Inc. (OSTK) Major Shareholder Sells $15,228,861.84 in Stock Voya Prime Rate Trust (PPR) Declares Monthly Dividend of $0.03 Hanesbrands Inc. (HBI) Posts Quarterly Earnings Results, Misses Estimates By $0.05 EPS UNITIL Corporation (UTL) Announces Quarterly Earnings Results, Beats Estimates By $0.01 EPS Hartford Financial Services Group, Inc. (The) (HIG) Stake Boosted by JPMorgan Chase & Co. February 1st, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Stacy Sanders Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet JPMorgan Chase & Co. raised its position in Hartford Financial Services Group, Inc. (The) (NYSE:HIG) by 42.1% during the third quarter, according to its most recent Form 13F filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission. The institutional investor owned 29,839,369 shares of the company’s stock after buying an additional 8,835,456 shares during the period. JPMorgan Chase & Co. owned 7.90% of Hartford Financial Services Group, Inc. (The) worth $1,277,723,000 as of its most recent filing with the SEC. A number of other hedge funds have also modified their holdings of the company. Johnson Financial Group Inc. increased its stake in shares of Hartford Financial Services Group, Inc. (The) by 259.6% in the second quarter. Johnson Financial Group Inc. now owns 2,528 shares of the company’s stock worth $112,000 after buying an additional 1,825 shares during the last quarter. Euclid Advisors LLC purchased a new stake in shares of Hartford Financial Services Group, Inc. (The) during the second quarter valued at approximately $120,000. Howe & Rusling Inc. increased its stake in shares of Hartford Financial Services Group, Inc. (The) by 92.5% in the second quarter. Howe & Rusling Inc. now owns 3,307 shares of the company’s stock valued at $147,000 after buying an additional 1,589 shares in the last quarter. Bronfman E.L. Rothschild L.P. increased its stake in shares of Hartford Financial Services Group, Inc. (The) by 9.1% in the third quarter. Bronfman E.L. Rothschild L.P. now owns 3,940 shares of the company’s stock valued at $169,000 after buying an additional 327 shares in the last quarter. Finally, Paradigm Asset Management Co. LLC increased its stake in shares of Hartford Financial Services Group, Inc. (The) by 16.6% in the second quarter. Paradigm Asset Management Co. LLC now owns 4,550 shares of the company’s stock valued at $202,000 after buying an additional 648 shares in the last quarter. Hedge funds and other institutional investors own 89.67% of the company’s stock. Hartford Financial Services Group, Inc. (NYSE:HIG) traded down 0.29% during trading on Wednesday, hitting $48.57. 834,871 shares of the company’s stock traded hands. Hartford Financial Services Group, Inc. has a 12 month low of $38.06 and a 12 month high of $49.68. The stock has a market cap of $18.35 billion, a P/E ratio of 14.01 and a beta of 1.23. The company’s 50 day moving average is $48.24 and its 200-day moving average is $44.53. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION WARNING: “Hartford Financial Services Group, Inc. (The) (HIG) Stake Boosted by JPMorgan Chase & Co.” was originally posted by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are viewing this article on another site, it was stolen and republished in violation of United States & international trademark & copyright legislation. The legal version of this article can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/02/01/hartford-financial-services-group-inc-the-hig-stake-boosted-by-jpmorgan-chase-co.html. Several analysts have recently commented on HIG shares. Bank of America Corporation downgraded Hartford Financial Services Group, Inc. (The) from a “buy” rating to a “neutral” rating in a research note on Wednesday, November 16th. Zacks Investment Research upgraded Hartford Financial Services Group, Inc. (The) from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $53.00 target price for the company in a research note on Tuesday, January 3rd. RBC Capital Markets downgraded Hartford Financial Services Group, Inc. (The) from an “outperform” rating to an “average” rating in a research note on Friday, December 9th. FBR & Co downgraded Hartford Financial Services Group, Inc. (The) from an “outperform” rating to a “market perform” rating and set a $47.00 target price for the company. in a research note on Monday, November 28th. Finally, Credit Suisse Group started coverage on Hartford Financial Services Group, Inc. (The) in a research note on Friday, October 7th. They issued a “buy” rating for the company. Eight research analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and six have given a buy rating to the company’s stock. Hartford Financial Services Group, Inc. (The) presently has a consensus rating of “Hold” and an average target price of $50.82. Hartford Financial Services Group, Inc. (The) Company Profile The Hartford Financial Services Group, Inc is a holding company. The Company operates through six segments: Commercial Lines, Personal Lines, Property & Casualty Other Operations, Group Benefits, Mutual Funds and Talcott Resolution. Commercial Lines segment provides workers’ compensation, property, automobile, liability, umbrella, marine and livestock coverages to businesses, throughout the United States. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding HIG? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Hartford Financial Services Group, Inc. (The) (NYSE:HIG). Receive News & Ratings for Hartford Financial Services Group Inc. (The) Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Hartford Financial Services Group Inc. (The) and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Trump Cancels Harley-Davidson Trip Due to Possible Protests White House Appears to Pull Back on Part of Policy on Vetting President Trump’s Labor Secretary Choice Outsourced Jobs President Trump Agenda: Border Wall and Sanctuary Cities White House Says President Trump Will Not Release His Tax Returns © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
HOME EDITION News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance CNBC Explains Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Recode Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows Watch Live CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Full Episodes More Log In | Register Log Out News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Consumer Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Halftime Portfolio Squawk Box Portfolio Take a Tour Subscribe Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance CNBC Explains Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Recode Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Special Reports Global Investing Hot Spots TD Ameritrade Conference Trader Talk ETF Strategist CNBC Fed Survey Modern Medicine Future Opportunities Retail Report Original Series Executive Edge Trading Nation Futures Now Retire Well The Pulse @ 1 Market The Bottom Line CNBC Events Davos Delivering Alpha eMerge Americas iCONIC Conference Cambridge Cyber Summit Sohn Conference Follow CNBC EDITION Register Log In Profile Email Preferences PRO Sign Out Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Halftime Portfolio Squawk Box Portfolio Take a Tour Subscribe LIVE TV Watch CNBC TV Watch CNBC Pro Watchlist X × × × Technology Technology Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity The Pulse @ 1 Market A day after Apple's earnings, the Street looks toward iPhone 8 and tax reform Here's how Wall Street is reacting to Apple's quarterly results Berkeley Lovelace Jr. | @BerkeleyJr Wednesday, 1 Feb 2017 | 8:44 AM ETCNBC.com SHARES Chesnot | Getty Images A customer takes a picture with an iPhone 7 inside the new Apple store Saint- Germain during the first opening day on December 03, 2016 in Paris, France. Apple shares took a huge leap on Wednesday, a day after the tech giant reported strong demand for the iPhone 7 Plus as well as Mac growth in its first quarter earnings. The iPhone maker reported earnings and revenue that easily beat Wall Street's projections, but gave future guidance on the lower end of expectations. Though some analysts were put off by the weak guidance, the market is apparently looking past that. Instead, analysts looked toward the much anticipated September release of the iPhone 8 — the 10th anniversary of the release of the iconic device — which is expected to be a significant upgrade. Analysts were also assured by Apple CEO Tim Cook's positive tone around tax reform under President Donald Trump. Here is what analysts are saying after the quarterly results: JPMorgan JPMorgan reiterated its "overweight" rating on Apple and raised its December 2017 price target to $142. JPMorgan said the company has shown "resilience" despite a tougher than expected consumer backdrop. "Tim Cook made bullish comments suggesting material iPad upgrades in the pipeline and even the Macbook Pro was supply constrained in FQ1. At this point we give up on pointing out the consumer risk and join the iPhone 8 party," JPMorgan said. Goldman Sachs Goldman said Apple alleviated some investors' fears about its future guidance. Goldman's key takeaways: Total revenue of $78.4 billion compared to our estimate of $78.1 billion and the Street's $77.4 billion. EPS of $3.36 compared to our estimate of $3.26 and the Street's $3.23. Apple repurchased shares worth $10.9 billion during the quarter. MS "Apple is our top pick with the upcoming iPhone super cycle accentuated by the possibility of repatriation, tax reform, and M&A. Stronger [December] quarter and better than feared March guidance pave the path to our base case of $150, with $190 bull case becoming increasingly likely," the firm said. Guggenheim Guggenheim said Apple delivered more than enough to "scare bears and wake up investors." With iPhones now stabilizing heading into their next refresh cycle (still 8 months away but nevertheless likely Apple's biggest in 3 years), at the same time as offshore cash swells [greater] $230 billion (repatriation anyone?) and Apple's R&D spend has doubled in the past 4 years (optionality for free), we see investors being paid to own the stock," Guggenheim said. BMO "March guidance is a little less impressive, but we believe sentiment will depend more on potential tax reforms and the assumed September iPhone refresh," BMO said. BMO widened its 2017 and 2018 earnings out look for Apple to $8.99 and $10.15 a share from $9.05 and $9.89 a share. Oppenheimer The firm said it expects Apple shares to perform well over the next two quarters. "CEO, Tim Cook, sounded positive on possible tax repatriation (91 percent of $238 billion cash balance is overseas as of F4Q16)," Oppenheimer said. —CNBC's Anita Balakrishnan contributed to this report Berkeley Lovelace Jr.News Associate Related Securities Symbol Price   Change %Change AAPL --- Binge 'Walking Dead' a megahit, thanks in part to white-knuckled binge-watchers By: Marc Gilbert, senior producer, CNBC Walking Dead producer: The phenomenon is no accident    Walking Dead producer: The show isn’t about zombies    Terminator writer sounds alarm on AI    Walking Dead producer: VR makes me nauseous   
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy   Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance JPMorgan European Smaller Cos Trust PLC - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for JPMorgan European Smaller Cos Trust PLC with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Metro Ag (MEO3) PT Set at €38.00 by equinet AG Berenberg Bank Analysts Give SAP SE (SAP) a €94.00 Price Target adidas AG (ADS) PT Set at €166.00 by Kepler Capital Markets Graco Inc. (GGG) Expected to Earn Q1 2017 Earnings of $0.78 Per Share HCA Holdings, Inc. to Post Q1 2017 Earnings of $1.81 Per Share, KeyCorp Forecasts (HCA) IDEX Corporation (IEX) Expected to Earn Q1 2017 Earnings of $0.93 Per Share Olin Corporation (OLN) Hits New 12-Month High After Strong Earnings ContraVir Pharmaceuticals Inc (CTRV) Given Consensus Rating of “Strong Buy” by Brokerages Cesca Therapeutics Inc. (KOOL) Given Consensus Recommendation of “Hold” by Brokerages Zacks: BGC Partners, Inc. (BGCP) Given $14.00 Average Target Price by Analysts Zacks: Orchid Island Capital, Inc. (ORC) Given Average Rating of “Strong Buy” by Analysts Zacks: AC Immune SA (ACIU) Given $23.00 Consensus Target Price by Analysts Royal Bank Of Canada Downgrades E.On Se (EONGY) to Underperform Pagegroup PLC (MPI) Price Target Raised to GBX 490 Diageo plc (DGE) Receives Buy Rating from HSBC Holdings plc Metro Ag (MEO3) Given a €38.00 Price Target at Oddo Securities Overstock.com, Inc. (OSTK) Major Shareholder Sells $15,228,861.84 in Stock Voya Prime Rate Trust (PPR) Declares Monthly Dividend of $0.03 Hanesbrands Inc. (HBI) Posts Quarterly Earnings Results, Misses Estimates By $0.05 EPS UNITIL Corporation (UTL) Announces Quarterly Earnings Results, Beats Estimates By $0.01 EPS JPMorgan European Smaller Cos Trust PLC (JESC) Insider Purchases £91,800 in Stock February 1st, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Trevor Kearing Filed Under: Finance - Insider Trades Tweet JPMorgan European Smaller Cos Trust PLC (LON:JESC) insider Marc van Gelder purchased 30,000 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Tuesday, January 31st. The stock was acquired at an average price of GBX 306 ($3.82) per share, with a total value of £91,800 ($114,563.83). JPMorgan European Smaller Cos Trust PLC (LON:JESC) opened at 304.75 on Wednesday. JPMorgan European Smaller Cos Trust PLC has a 52 week low of GBX 245.00 and a 52 week high of GBX 318.00. The company has a 50 day moving average of GBX 3.42 and a 200 day moving average of GBX 3.44. The company also recently disclosed a dividend, which was paid on Wednesday, January 4th. Shareholders of record on Thursday, December 1st were paid a dividend of GBX 1.20 ($0.01) per share. This represents a yield of 0.43%. The ex-dividend date of this dividend was Thursday, December 1st. TRADEMARK VIOLATION WARNING: This piece of content was reported by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are reading this piece of content on another site, it was illegally copied and reposted in violation of international copyright and trademark legislation. The original version of this piece of content can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/02/01/jpmorgan-european-smaller-cos-trust-plc-jesc-insider-purchases-91800-in-stock.html. JPMorgan European Smaller Cos Trust PLC Company Profile JPMorgan European Smaller Companies Trust plc is an investment trust company. The Company’s investment objective is to achieve capital growth from a portfolio of quoted smaller companies in Europe, excluding the United Kingdom. The Company invests in equities for the long term. The Company invests in markets that operate delivery versus payment (DVP) settlement. Receive News & Ratings for JPMorgan European Smaller Cos Trust PLC Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for JPMorgan European Smaller Cos Trust PLC and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Trump Cancels Harley-Davidson Trip Due to Possible Protests White House Appears to Pull Back on Part of Policy on Vetting President Trump’s Labor Secretary Choice Outsourced Jobs President Trump Agenda: Border Wall and Sanctuary Cities White House Says President Trump Will Not Release His Tax Returns © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy   Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Papa John's International Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Papa John's International Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Nuveen Credit Strategies Income Fund (JQC) Announces Monthly Dividend of $0.05 Nuveen Amt-Free Quality Municpl Incm Fnd (NEA) to Issue $0.06 Monthly Dividend NETGEAR, Inc. (NTGR) Chairman Patrick Cs Lo Sells 9,900 Shares Central Garden & Pet Company (CENT) Issues FY17 Earnings Guidance Buckhead Capital Management LLC Continues to Hold Stake in Kimberly-Clark Corporation (KMB) Fifth Third Bancorp (FITB) Shares Sold by Lazard Asset Management LLC Lazard Asset Management LLC Acquires 28,501 Shares of Huntington Ingalls Industries, Inc. (HII) Lazard Asset Management LLC Has $4,082,000 Stake in Ventas, Inc. (VTR) Lazard Asset Management LLC Acquires 5,095 Shares of Amdocs Limited (DOX) Jacobs Levy Equity Management Inc. Has $17,445,000 Position in Starbucks Corporation (SBUX) DENTSPLY SIRONA Inc. (XRAY) Shares Sold by UBS Group AG Western Union Company (The) (WU) Stake Decreased by UBS Group AG Carol Mills Sells 25,000 Shares of Xactly Corporation (XTLY) Stock Texas Instruments Incorporated (TXN) Chairman Sells $5,722,538.25 in Stock Brooks Automation, Inc. (BRKS) Expected to Earn Q1 2019 Earnings of $0.29 Per Share Q4 2018 EPS Estimates for Zumiez Inc. (ZUMZ) Lowered by William Blair Achaogen Inc to Post FY2021 Earnings of $0.04 Per Share, Wedbush Forecasts (AKAO) Boston Scientific Corporation (BSX) Forecasted to Post FY2020 Earnings of $1.72 Per Share Jefferies Group Weighs in on Credit Acceptance Corporation’s Q4 2018 Earnings (CACC) Invesco Trust for Investment Grade Municipals (VGM) Announces Monthly Dividend of $0.06 RBF Capital LLC Maintains Position in Papa John’s International, Inc. (PZZA) January 31st, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Trevor Kearing Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet RBF Capital LLC held its stake in shares of Papa John’s International, Inc. (NASDAQ:PZZA) during the third quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The fund owned 4,000 shares of the company’s stock at the end of the third quarter. RBF Capital LLC’s holdings in Papa John’s International were worth $315,000 at the end of the most recent quarter. A number of other large investors have also made changes to their positions in PZZA. BlackRock Fund Advisors increased its stake in shares of Papa John’s International by 5.6% in the third quarter. BlackRock Fund Advisors now owns 1,826,444 shares of the company’s stock valued at $144,015,000 after buying an additional 96,094 shares during the last quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. increased its stake in shares of Papa John’s International by 1.2% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 1,022,678 shares of the company’s stock valued at $80,637,000 after buying an additional 12,045 shares during the last quarter. BlackRock Institutional Trust Company N.A. increased its stake in shares of Papa John’s International by 7.4% in the third quarter. BlackRock Institutional Trust Company N.A. now owns 744,999 shares of the company’s stock valued at $58,743,000 after buying an additional 51,130 shares during the last quarter. Stephens Investment Management Group LLC increased its stake in shares of Papa John’s International by 0.7% in the third quarter. Stephens Investment Management Group LLC now owns 453,829 shares of the company’s stock valued at $35,784,000 after buying an additional 3,039 shares during the last quarter. Finally, Bank of New York Mellon Corp increased its stake in shares of Papa John’s International by 4.1% in the third quarter. Bank of New York Mellon Corp now owns 378,706 shares of the company’s stock valued at $29,862,000 after buying an additional 14,969 shares during the last quarter. 73.64% of the stock is currently owned by hedge funds and other institutional investors. Shares of Papa John’s International, Inc. (NASDAQ:PZZA) traded up 0.60% on Tuesday, hitting $85.22. 291,425 shares of the stock traded hands. Papa John’s International, Inc. has a 12-month low of $42.87 and a 12-month high of $90.49. The firm has a market cap of $3.14 billion, a P/E ratio of 34.32 and a beta of 0.25. The firm’s 50-day moving average is $86.20 and its 200 day moving average is $80.38. Papa John’s International (NASDAQ:PZZA) last released its earnings results on Tuesday, November 1st. The company reported $0.57 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, topping the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of $0.50 by $0.07. Papa John’s International had a net margin of 5.62% and a return on equity of 4,984.46%. The business had revenue of $422.40 million for the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $418.10 million. During the same period last year, the company earned $0.45 earnings per share. The company’s quarterly revenue was up 8.5% on a year-over-year basis. Equities research analysts forecast that Papa John’s International, Inc. will post $2.52 EPS for the current fiscal year. The firm also recently declared a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Friday, February 17th. Investors of record on Monday, February 6th will be issued a $0.20 dividend. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Thursday, February 2nd. This represents a $0.80 annualized dividend and a yield of 0.94%. Papa John’s International’s payout ratio is 32.13%. TRADEMARK VIOLATION NOTICE: “RBF Capital LLC Maintains Position in Papa John’s International, Inc. (PZZA)” was first published by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are viewing this piece of content on another domain, it was illegally stolen and republished in violation of international copyright and trademark legislation. The original version of this piece of content can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/01/31/rbf-capital-llc-maintains-position-in-papa-johns-international-inc-pzza.html. PZZA has been the topic of several recent research reports. Jefferies Group LLC reaffirmed a “hold” rating and set a $83.00 target price on shares of Papa John’s International in a research note on Monday, January 9th. Zacks Investment Research downgraded shares of Papa John’s International from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating in a research note on Tuesday, October 4th. BTIG Research reiterated a “buy” rating and set a $87.00 price target on shares of Papa John’s International in a report on Wednesday, October 12th. Finally, Stephens reiterated an “overweight” rating and set a $100.00 price target on shares of Papa John’s International in a report on Monday, January 23rd. Two investment analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and five have given a buy rating to the company’s stock. The company currently has an average rating of “Buy” and an average price target of $86.17. Papa John’s International Company Profile Papa John’s International, Inc operates and franchises pizza delivery and carryout restaurants. The Company operates restaurants under the trademark Papa John’s. It operates in five segments: domestic Company-owned restaurants, domestic commissaries, North America franchising, international operations, and all other business units. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding PZZA? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Papa John’s International, Inc. (NASDAQ:PZZA). Receive News & Ratings for Papa John's International Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Papa John's International Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Trump Cancels Harley-Davidson Trip Due to Possible Protests White House Appears to Pull Back on Part of Policy on Vetting President Trump’s Labor Secretary Choice Outsourced Jobs President Trump Agenda: Border Wall and Sanctuary Cities White House Says President Trump Will Not Release His Tax Returns © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Kimco Realty Announces New $2.25 Billion Revolving Credit Facility February 01, 2017 04:01 PM Eastern Standard Time NEW HYDE PARK, N.Y.--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Kimco Realty Corp. (NYSE:KIM), one of North America’s largest publicly traded owner and operator of open air shopping centers, announced that it has closed on a new $2.25 billion unsecured revolving credit facility with commitments from 19 lending institutions, replacing the company’s existing $1.75 billion unsecured credit facility. The new facility is scheduled to mature on March 17, 2021 (or March 17, 2022 if Kimco exercises two six-month options to extend the maturity date). Interest on borrowings accrues at an annual rate of LIBOR plus 87.5 basis points. In addition, the facility includes a $500 million sub-limit which provides the company the opportunity to borrow in alternative currencies including Canadian dollars, British pounds sterling, Japanese yen or euros. “The strength of Kimco’s balance sheet continues to be demonstrated by the company’s ability to access capital at highly competitive terms,” said Glenn G. Cohen, Kimco executive vice president, CFO and treasurer. This new credit facility will provide the financial flexibility and liquidity necessary to pursue our 2020 Vision over the next several years. We are grateful to our bank group and the valuable role they play in helping us achieve these goals.” JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, PNC Capital Markets LLC and RBC Capital Markets served as Joint Bookrunners, JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. served as Administrative Agent, and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, PNC Capital Markets LLC, RBC Capital Markets, The Bank of Nova Scotia, Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner & Smith Incorporated, Citigroup Global Markets Inc., Mizuho Bank, Ltd., Regions Capital Markets, U.S. Bank National Association, Barclays Bank PLC and Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. served as Joint Lead Arrangers. ABOUT KIMCO Kimco Realty Corp. (NYSE:KIM) is a real estate investment trust (REIT) headquartered in New Hyde Park, N.Y., that is North America’s largest publicly traded owner and operator of open-air shopping centers. As of September 30, 2016, the company owned interests in 534 U.S. shopping centers comprising 86 million square feet of leasable space across 35 states and Puerto Rico. Publicly traded on the NYSE since 1991, and included in the S&P 500 Index, the company has specialized in shopping center acquisitions, development and management for more than 50 years. For further information, please visit www.kimcorealty.com, the company’s blog at blog.kimcorealty.com, or follow Kimco on Twitter at www.twitter.com/kimcorealty. Contacts Kimco Realty Corp. David F. Bujnicki, 1-866-831-4297 Senior Vice President, Investor Relations and Strategy dbujnicki@kimcorealty.com Contacts Kimco Realty Corp. David F. Bujnicki, 1-866-831-4297 Senior Vice President, Investor Relations and Strategy dbujnicki@kimcorealty.com Site Navigation Home Home Submit a Press Release Services News All News News with Multimedia News by Industry News by Subject News by Language Tradeshows & Events Earnings & Conference Calls Education Overview Distribution & Media Media & Journalist Tools Sample Press Release FAQ Find Your News Online How-to Disclosure Resources About Us Overview Become a Member Contact Us Follow Us Jobs Business Wire Newsroom Business Wire Events Search Advanced News Search Advanced News Search Log In Sign Up Follow Us Twitter LinkedIn Google+ More from Business Wire Blog Apps UK/Ireland Deutschland France Hong Kong Italy Japan EON: Enhanced Online News Tradeshownews.com PYMNTS.com Business Wire Information Contact Us Privacy Statement Terms of Use © 2017 Business Wire, Inc.
Latest News Dow 19,885 -6.03 -0.03% Nasdaq 5,636 -6.45 -0.11% S&P 500 2,281 +1.30 +0.06% 4:23 A.M. ET Banco Popular shares tumble 5% after reporting massive loss 4:19 A.M. ET FTSE 100 moves higher as bank shares rise on Dodd-Frank hopes 4:02 A.M. ET Eurozone final services PMI at 53.7 in January vs. 53.6 flash reading 2/02 Updated California leads states’ fight to break Trump’s authoritarian wave 3:37 A.M. ET Updated Asian markets close mixed as Trump jitters persist 3:07 A.M. ET Banco Popular drops 8% after wider-than-expected yearly loss of €5.3 bln 3:04 A.M. ET Stoxx Europe 600 up 0.5% in early trade 3:03 A.M. ET Carlos Slim's América Móvil swings to loss 3:03 A.M. ET Germany's DAX opens 0.1% higher at 11,642.77 3:02 A.M. ET Germany takes U.K.'s commercial real-estate crown 3:02 A.M. ET France's CAC 40 opens 0.3% higher at 18,312.09 3:02 A.M. ET U.K.'s FTSE 100 opens 0.1% lower at 7,136.97 3:01 A.M. ET Stoxx Europe 600 opens 0.2% higher at 362.59 2:41 A.M. ET Updated Brexit bill clears key hurdle in parliament— what happens next? 2:16 A.M. ET Updated Metro profit rises despite weak holiday sales 2:11 A.M. ET Updated Trump administration plans to scale back Dodd-Frank law 2:01 A.M. ET China tightens monetary policy via repo-rates rise 1:44 A.M. ET Sharp records first quarterly profit in 2 years 1:43 A.M. ET Updated Global gold investment demand for 2016 hit highest level in 4 years: report 1:20 A.M. ET Oil up on hopes over production cuts, but investors wary over U.S. politics Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement Retire Here, Not There Encore Taxes How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate Location Scouts realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Bulletin Snap Inc. files for an initial public offering Home Press Release Kimco Realty Announces New $2.25 Billion Revolving Credit Facility By Published: Feb 1, 2017 4:01 p.m. ET Share NEW HYDE PARK, N.Y., Feb 01, 2017 (BUSINESS WIRE) -- Kimco Realty Corp. KIM, +1.22% one of North America’s largest publicly traded owner and operator of open air shopping centers, announced that it has closed on a new $2.25 billion unsecured revolving credit facility with commitments from 19 lending institutions, replacing the company’s existing $1.75 billion unsecured credit facility. The new facility is scheduled to mature on March 17, 2021 (or March 17, 2022 if Kimco exercises two six-month options to extend the maturity date). Interest on borrowings accrues at an annual rate of LIBOR plus 87.5 basis points. In addition, the facility includes a $500 million sub-limit which provides the company the opportunity to borrow in alternative currencies including Canadian dollars, British pounds sterling, Japanese yen or euros. “The strength of Kimco’s balance sheet continues to be demonstrated by the company’s ability to access capital at highly competitive terms,” said Glenn G. Cohen, Kimco executive vice president, CFO and treasurer. This new credit facility will provide the financial flexibility and liquidity necessary to pursue our 2020 Vision over the next several years. We are grateful to our bank group and the valuable role they play in helping us achieve these goals.” JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, PNC Capital Markets LLC and RBC Capital Markets served as Joint Bookrunners, JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. served as Administrative Agent, and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, PNC Capital Markets LLC, RBC Capital Markets, The Bank of Nova Scotia, Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner & Smith Incorporated, Citigroup Global Markets Inc., Mizuho Bank, Ltd., Regions Capital Markets, U.S. Bank National Association, Barclays Bank PLC and Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. served as Joint Lead Arrangers. ABOUT KIMCO Kimco Realty Corp. KIM, +1.22% is a real estate investment trust (REIT) headquartered in New Hyde Park, N.Y., that is North America’s largest publicly traded owner and operator of open-air shopping centers. As of September 30, 2016, the company owned interests in 534 U.S. shopping centers comprising 86 million square feet of leasable space across 35 states and Puerto Rico. Publicly traded on the NYSE since 1991, and included in the S&P 500 Index, the company has specialized in shopping center acquisitions, development and management for more than 50 years. For further information, please visit www.kimcorealty.com, the company’s blog at blog.kimcorealty.com, or follow Kimco on Twitter at www.twitter.com/kimcorealty. View source version on businesswire.com: http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20170201006272/en/ SOURCE: Kimco Realty Corporation Kimco Realty Corp. David F. Bujnicki, 1-866-831-4297 Senior Vice President, Investor Relations and Strategy dbujnicki@kimcorealty.com Copyright Business Wire 2017 Quote References KIM +0.30 +1.22% Most Popular Why the oil market shrugs at Trump’s warning to Iran Snap IPO: Six things we now know about Snapchat parent company Elon Musk distances himself from Donald Trump The path won’t be straight, but gold’s bullish trajectory is set As GoPro drowns, is it begging for Apple to save it? MarketWatch Partner Center Luxury Real Estate Ivanka Trump, Jared Kushner reportedly buy $5.6 million house in D.C. View More Barron's Next Why a deal for Kate Spade looks almost inevitable View More Real Estate The surprising cities where you’ll find America’s newest and oldest homes View More SectorWatch Here's what Trump means for health care View More Sponsored Headlines MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News Online WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2017 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. Intraday data delayed per exchange requirements. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real time last sale data provided by NASDAQ. More information on NASDAQ traded symbols and their current financial status. Intraday data delayed 15 minutes for Nasdaq, and 20 minutes for other exchanges. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. SEHK intraday data is provided by SIX Financial Information and is at least 60-minutes delayed. All quotes are in local exchange time. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found Kimco Realty Corp. U.S.: NYSE: KIM $24.87 +0.30 (+1.22%) Volume 3.7M Open $24.52 High $24.91 Low $24.43 P/E Ratio 22.77 Div Yield 4.34 Market Cap 10.4B Kimco Realty Corp. U.S.: NYSE: KIM $24.87 +0.30 (+1.22%) Volume 3.7M Open $24.52 High $24.91 Low $24.43 P/E Ratio 22.77 Div Yield 4.34 Market Cap 10.4B LatestNews
Hot Topics: Neil Gorsuch nomination Smucker's in Longmont Laura Kriho JCC bomb threat Sex assault sentencing News tips Print   Email   Font Resize Boulder won't divest from pipeline funder Chase, but may ditch bank in near future By Alex Burness Staff Writer Posted:   01/31/2017 10:20:15 PM MST Updated:   02/01/2017 09:38:45 AM MST Protesters against the construction of the Dakota Access Pipeline block a highway in near Cannon Ball, N.D., on Oct. 26, 2016. (James MacPherson / Associated Press) EDITOR'S NOTE: This story has been updated to correct the title of Bob Eichem, the chief financial adviser in the Boulder City Manager's Office. The Boulder City Council on Tuesday decided the city should not sever ties now with JP Morgan Chase — one of the banks funding controversial pipeline construction in North Dakota — but instead investigate making a switch later this year. Boulder typically bids out its banking services every five to seven years, and hasn't done so since 2009 — five years after Chase became the city's bank. Bob Eichem, chief financial adviser to the city manager, told the council during Tuesday's study session that Boulder is "overdue" to reissue that bid. "It sounds like we have a (request for proposals) coming," Councilman Sam Weaver said. "I would like to see that come as quickly as possible." His colleagues generally supported that urgency, and the group agreed that city financial staff should investigate banks that do not invest in fossil fuels but can handle the city's banking needs. It's unclear, though, whether there is any institution that is large enough to handle the city's hundreds of thousands of annual transactions, among other banking needs, and that also shares Boulder's stance against fossil fuels. In September, Amalgamated Bank became the first North American bank to vow to divest from supporting fossil fuels and instead invest in a clean energy transition. The city will look into whether there are others that have followed suit since, or may follow suit. Advertisement The bid later this month "could find that out," Eichem said, adding, "and we would then find out on our side how many services they could provide, what kind of cybersecurity they have. ... Are they able to handle the complexity of the processing and transactions and things that we have?" The council entered Tuesday's session — which was well attended by opponents of the proposed Bakken and Dakota Access pipeline projects that prompted the discussion — with a dilemma. In December, the council approved a resolution in support of the Standing Rock Sioux and allies who have for months protested the pipeline. The resolution condemned what the council called a "militarized and disproportionate response" from law enforcement agents who have arrested more than 600 protesters to date. The tribe "should have the ability to protect their lands, people, waters and sacred places from this destructive pipeline," the resolution read. The council also called on the government to "take swift and meaningful action" against the pipeline. One way Boulder can take that action locally is to break from a bank that's helping fund the $3.7 billion project. But doing so would throw city financial services into a temporary disarray, Eichem said. "Twenty years ago, it was very easy to change banks," the finance director added Tuesday. "That is no longer true." City staff recommended the council support staying idle for now, then re-evaluating options through a competitive bid — a suggestion the council agreed with at its study session. "We should definitely send a message about social responsibility — something that is critical to our community," Councilwoman Jan Burton said. Councilwoman Mary Young said: "I think that the Dakota Access Pipeline is something that would do a lot of harm and it's right squarely within our values to go elsewhere. "Yes, (divestment) might be really difficult, but nothing ever worth doing is easy." After Young finished her remarks, the crowd, which did not get to speak because there was no public hearing on Tuesday, erupted in cheers. Throughout the discussion, two men held up a large banner reading "City of Boulder DEFUND DAPL." Outside of the City Council chambers, another man set up an artistic display featuring a pipeline and various fake animals covered in oil. Much of the council's conversation centered on the general difficulty of ethical consumerism. If the city moves to a new bank that opposes the pipeline, they asked, how can it ensure that bank doesn't also support the production of assault weapons or tobacco, for instance? "There's a big conversation happening in the world about, how do we have the money move towards the things we want to support?" Mayor Suzanne Jones said. "How can we be a productive part of that conversation?" Councilman Matt Appelbaum said that if the city were to lay out, say, 10 moral priorities, it's unlikely any bank would side with Boulder on all of them. "We're probably going to disagree with everybody on one of 10 things," he added. "I think that's going to be inevitable." Alex Burness: 303-473-1389, burnessa@dailycamera.com or twitter.com/alex_burness Print   Email   Font ResizeReturn to Top   RELATED MORE RELATED HEADLINES Louisville's Dream Chaser makes big-screen appearance in 'The Space Between Us' CU reaches agreement to buy power from Boulder should city form utility Boulder County's bout of freezing drizzle no fluke event   BOCOPREPS (Adam Berry) BUFFZONE Are car keys a thing of the past? The furor over General Motors' deadly ignition switch has the potential to doom the car key, a technology drivers have been using for 65 years. Full Story These 4 Americans defected to North Korea in the 1960s You'll be surprised by how cheap this iconic igloo is selling for in Alaska Chinese birth tourism goes stateside Buffzone BUFFZONE (Matt York / Associated Press) BUFFZONE College footballCU football: Buffs reeling from first blowout loss Turnovers, sacks allowed pile up in defeats After many of Colorado's Pac-12 losses over the years, there was a helpless feeling coming from the Buffaloes. Full Story CU football: Buffs bedeviled by Arizona State, mistakes in 48-23 loss CU football: Buffs searching for a spark at Arizona State CU football: Ryan Severson ready to step in at linebacker SECOND STORY GARAGE SECOND STORY GARAGE Second Story Garage: Bandits Boulder is pretty good at producing rock bands, and by "rock," we mean the in-your-face, guitar-heavy, leather-clad variety — you know, the good kind. For a prime example, look no farther than BANDITS. Full Story Second Story Garage: EOTO Second Story Garage: TAUK Second Story Garage: Dirty Bourbon River Show Local & National Video The Bottom Line Celebrities Culture Oddities Comedy Good News Comics Games Advice Polls Blogs ‹› Privacy Policy  |  Terms of Use  |  MNG Corporate Site Map  |  Copyright
X Edition: United States Business Business Home Legal Deals Aerospace & Defense Finance Autos Reuters Summits ADventures Data Dive Markets Markets Home U.S. Markets European Markets Asian Markets Global Market Data Indices Stocks Bonds Currencies Commodities Futures Funds Earnings Dividends World World Home U.S. Special Reports Reuters Investigates Euro Zone Middle East China Japan Mexico Brazil Africa Russia India Politics Politics Home Polling Explorer Live: Trump's First 100 Days What Voters Want Supreme Court Tech Technology Home Science Top 100 Global Innovators Media Environment Innovation Commentary Commentary Home Podcasts Breakingviews Breakingviews Home Breakingviews Video Money Money Home Retirement Lipper Awards Analyst Research Stock Screener Fund Screener Life Health Sports Arts Entertainment Oddly Enough Pictures Pictures Home The Wider Image Photographers Focus 360 Video Trump likely to face questions over travel ban in meeting with CEOs Africa América Latina عربي Argentina Brasil Canada 中国 Deutschland España France India Italia 日本 México РОССИЯ United Kingdom United States Politics | Wed Feb 1, 2017 | 6:10pm EST Trump likely to face questions over travel ban in meeting with CEOs U.S. President Donald Trump announces his nomination of Neil Gorsuch to be an associate justice of the U.S. Supreme Court at the White House in Washington, D.C., U.S., January 31, 2017. REUTERS/Carlos Barria By David Shepardson | WASHINGTON WASHINGTON U.S. President Donald Trump will likely face questions about his executive order restricting some travel to the United States when he meets with the CEOs of major U.S. companies at the White House on Friday. Companies whose chief executives are expected to attend the meeting of the president's business advisory panel include JPMorgan Chase & Co (JPM.N), General Motors Co (GM.N), Blackstone Group LP (BX.N), IBM Corp (IBM.N), Uber Technologies Inc [UBER.UL] and Walt Disney Co (DIS.N), two officials briefed on the meeting said on Wednesday. Activists are already pressuring the CEOs to raise concerns about the travel restrictions at the meeting, which comes at the end of another turbulent week for the Trump administration. Trump's order last Friday, barring travel into the United States by people from seven Muslim-majority countries, touched off public protests and stirred unease among employees at many big U.S. companies. CEOs have been faced with difficult choices to either criticize Trump's move at a time when they are trying to win White House support on tax and trade policies, or remain silent and take heat from consumers and employees dismayed by the order. The Trump administration says the travel ban is aimed at strengthening national security. Backlash over the measure knocked the wind out of the post-inaugural stock market rally, although major indexes rebounded on Wednesday. Trump's executive order put a 120-day halt on the U.S. refugee program, barred Syrian refugees indefinitely and imposed a 90-day suspension on people from Iran, Iraq, Libya, Somalia, Sudan, Syria and Yemen. Along with protests it has prompted legal challenges in the United States and drawn criticism from several leading U.S. companies. Among those critics, Uber CEO Travis Kalanick wrote in an email to employees Saturday that "the ban will impact many innocent people — an issue that I will raise this coming Friday when I go to Washington for President Trump’s first business advisory group meeting." Trump will kick off the two-hour meeting with an address lasting 10-15 minutes and will be followed by Stephen Schwarzman, the billionaire founder of private equity group Blackstone (BX.N), who chairs the panel and assembled it at Trump's request. Four topics will be discussed -- regulatory relief, women in the work force, tax and trade, and infrastructure -- with two to three people talking briefly about each subject to help shape “how the administration should be thinking,” according to a person familiar with the matter. Investors said the CEOs would be mindful of Trump's penchant for rebuking companies publicly. "Given recent history, being called out publicly is something that the CEOs in that room and other CEOs will absolutely be mindful to avoid," said Jim Russell, vice president at Bahl & Gaynor Inc, which oversees $17 billion and owns shares in several of the companies attending Friday's meeting. "I'm sure they will pick their fights carefully and articulate them carefully." It was not clear if all 19 members of the President’s Strategic and Policy Forum would attend Friday's meeting. Other members include the CEOs of Tesla Inc (TSLA.O), Wal-Mart Stores Inc (WMT.N) and Boeing Co (BA.N). Tesla founder Elon Musk said this week that the travel order should be modified and he would seek a consensus among members of the advisory council. Ford Motor Co (F.N) Executive Chairman Bill Ford Jr. and CEO Mark Fields have also criticized the travel measure. GM has declined to take a position. On Wednesday, a group of religious investors, human rights groups other activists urged members of the business advisory panel to speak out against the travel restrictions at the meeting with Trump. In a joint letter to the corporate leaders, the group said Trump's order "undermines respect for human rights and the lives of workers and their families in the U.S. and beyond, and disrupts economic activity and company operations." The letter was signed by dozens of people, including representatives of firms focused on socially-responsible investing like Calvert Research and Management and Domini Impact Investments. Others included representatives of the International Corporate Accountability Roundtable, the Institute for Human Rights and Business and the Interfaith Center on Corporate Responsibility. Companies that have been most critical of Trump's immigration orders include Netflix Inc (NFLX.O), Apple Inc (AAPL.O), and Amazon.com Inc (AMZN.O), none of which form part of the business advisory panel. (Reporting by David Shepardson in Washington, D.C. Additional reporting by Trevor Hunnicutt in New York and Ross Kerber in Boston.; Editing by Frances Kerry and Tom Brown) Next In Politics Trump vows to end prohibition on church political activity WASHINGTON President Donald Trump on Thursday vowed to free churches and other tax-exempt institutions of a 1954 U.S. law banning political activity, drawing fire from critics who accused him of rewarding his evangelical Christian supporters and turning houses of worship into political machines. Uber CEO quits Trump's business advisory group SAN FRANCISCO/WASHINGTON Uber Technologies Inc Chief Executive Officer Travis Kalanick quit President Donald Trump's business advisory group on Thursday amid mounting pressure from activists and employees who oppose the administration's immigration policies. Tillerson, on first day, addresses dissent and calls Mexico, Canada WASHINGTON U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson called for unity and understanding on his first day at the State Department amid internal dissent over policies of President Donald Trump, which have also antagonized a range of allies. MORE FROM REUTERS Sponsored Content From Around the WebPromoted by Revcontent Trending Stories Pictures Pictures of the month Sponsored Topics X Follow Reuters: Follow Us On Twitter Follow Us On Facebook Follow Us On RSS Follow Us On Instagram Follow Us On YouTube Follow Us On LinkedIn Subscribe: Feeds | Newsletters | Podcasts | Apps Reuters News Agency | Brand Attribution Guidelines | Careers Reuters is the news and media division of Thomson Reuters. Thomson Reuters is the world's largest international multimedia news agency, providing investing news, world news, business news, technology news, headline news, small business news, news alerts, personal finance, stock market, and mutual funds information available on Reuters.com, video, mobile, and interactive television platforms. Learn more about Thomson Reuters products: Eikon Information, analytics and exclusive news on financial markets - delivered in an intuitive desktop and mobile interface Elektron Everything you need to empower your workflow and enhance your enterprise data management World-Check Screen for heightened risk individual and entities globally to help uncover hidden risks in business relationships and human networks Westlaw Build the strongest argument relying on authoritative content, attorney-editor expertise, and industry defining technology ONESOURCE The most comprehensive solution to manage all your complex and ever-expanding tax and compliance needs CHECKPOINT The industry leader for online information for tax, accounting and finance professionals All quotes delayed a minimum of 15 minutes. See here for a complete list of exchanges and delays. Site Feedback Corrections Advertising Guidelines Cookies Terms of Use Privacy Policy
X Edition: United States Business Business Home Legal Deals Aerospace & Defense Finance Autos Reuters Summits ADventures Data Dive Markets Markets Home U.S. Markets European Markets Asian Markets Global Market Data Indices Stocks Bonds Currencies Commodities Futures Funds Earnings Dividends World World Home U.S. Special Reports Reuters Investigates Euro Zone Middle East China Japan Mexico Brazil Africa Russia India Politics Politics Home Polling Explorer Live: Trump's First 100 Days What Voters Want Supreme Court Tech Technology Home Science Top 100 Global Innovators Media Environment Innovation Commentary Commentary Home Podcasts Breakingviews Breakingviews Home Breakingviews Video Money Money Home Retirement Lipper Awards Analyst Research Stock Screener Fund Screener Life Health Sports Arts Entertainment Oddly Enough Pictures Pictures Home The Wider Image Photographers Focus 360 Video Trump likely to face questions over travel ban in meeting with CEOs Africa América Latina عربي Argentina Brasil Canada 中国 Deutschland España France India Italia 日本 México РОССИЯ United Kingdom United States Politics | Wed Feb 1, 2017 | 6:10pm EST Trump likely to face questions over travel ban in meeting with CEOs U.S. President Donald Trump announces his nomination of Neil Gorsuch to be an associate justice of the U.S. Supreme Court at the White House in Washington, D.C., U.S., January 31, 2017. REUTERS/Carlos Barria By David Shepardson | WASHINGTON WASHINGTON U.S. President Donald Trump will likely face questions about his executive order restricting some travel to the United States when he meets with the CEOs of major U.S. companies at the White House on Friday. Companies whose chief executives are expected to attend the meeting of the president's business advisory panel include JPMorgan Chase & Co (JPM.N), General Motors Co (GM.N), Blackstone Group LP (BX.N), IBM Corp (IBM.N), Uber Technologies Inc [UBER.UL] and Walt Disney Co (DIS.N), two officials briefed on the meeting said on Wednesday. Activists are already pressuring the CEOs to raise concerns about the travel restrictions at the meeting, which comes at the end of another turbulent week for the Trump administration. Trump's order last Friday, barring travel into the United States by people from seven Muslim-majority countries, touched off public protests and stirred unease among employees at many big U.S. companies. CEOs have been faced with difficult choices to either criticize Trump's move at a time when they are trying to win White House support on tax and trade policies, or remain silent and take heat from consumers and employees dismayed by the order. The Trump administration says the travel ban is aimed at strengthening national security. Backlash over the measure knocked the wind out of the post-inaugural stock market rally, although major indexes rebounded on Wednesday. Trump's executive order put a 120-day halt on the U.S. refugee program, barred Syrian refugees indefinitely and imposed a 90-day suspension on people from Iran, Iraq, Libya, Somalia, Sudan, Syria and Yemen. Along with protests it has prompted legal challenges in the United States and drawn criticism from several leading U.S. companies. Among those critics, Uber CEO Travis Kalanick wrote in an email to employees Saturday that "the ban will impact many innocent people — an issue that I will raise this coming Friday when I go to Washington for President Trump’s first business advisory group meeting." Trump will kick off the two-hour meeting with an address lasting 10-15 minutes and will be followed by Stephen Schwarzman, the billionaire founder of private equity group Blackstone (BX.N), who chairs the panel and assembled it at Trump's request. Four topics will be discussed -- regulatory relief, women in the work force, tax and trade, and infrastructure -- with two to three people talking briefly about each subject to help shape “how the administration should be thinking,” according to a person familiar with the matter. Investors said the CEOs would be mindful of Trump's penchant for rebuking companies publicly. "Given recent history, being called out publicly is something that the CEOs in that room and other CEOs will absolutely be mindful to avoid," said Jim Russell, vice president at Bahl & Gaynor Inc, which oversees $17 billion and owns shares in several of the companies attending Friday's meeting. "I'm sure they will pick their fights carefully and articulate them carefully." It was not clear if all 19 members of the President’s Strategic and Policy Forum would attend Friday's meeting. Other members include the CEOs of Tesla Inc (TSLA.O), Wal-Mart Stores Inc (WMT.N) and Boeing Co (BA.N). Tesla founder Elon Musk said this week that the travel order should be modified and he would seek a consensus among members of the advisory council. Ford Motor Co (F.N) Executive Chairman Bill Ford Jr. and CEO Mark Fields have also criticized the travel measure. GM has declined to take a position. On Wednesday, a group of religious investors, human rights groups other activists urged members of the business advisory panel to speak out against the travel restrictions at the meeting with Trump. In a joint letter to the corporate leaders, the group said Trump's order "undermines respect for human rights and the lives of workers and their families in the U.S. and beyond, and disrupts economic activity and company operations." The letter was signed by dozens of people, including representatives of firms focused on socially-responsible investing like Calvert Research and Management and Domini Impact Investments. Others included representatives of the International Corporate Accountability Roundtable, the Institute for Human Rights and Business and the Interfaith Center on Corporate Responsibility. Companies that have been most critical of Trump's immigration orders include Netflix Inc (NFLX.O), Apple Inc (AAPL.O), and Amazon.com Inc (AMZN.O), none of which form part of the business advisory panel. (Reporting by David Shepardson in Washington, D.C. Additional reporting by Trevor Hunnicutt in New York and Ross Kerber in Boston.; Editing by Frances Kerry and Tom Brown) Next In Politics Trump vows to end prohibition on church political activity WASHINGTON President Donald Trump on Thursday vowed to free churches and other tax-exempt institutions of a 1954 U.S. law banning political activity, drawing fire from critics who accused him of rewarding his evangelical Christian supporters and turning houses of worship into political machines. Uber CEO quits Trump's business advisory group SAN FRANCISCO/WASHINGTON Uber Technologies Inc Chief Executive Officer Travis Kalanick quit President Donald Trump's business advisory group on Thursday amid mounting pressure from activists and employees who oppose the administration's immigration policies. Tillerson, on first day, addresses dissent and calls Mexico, Canada WASHINGTON U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson called for unity and understanding on his first day at the State Department amid internal dissent over policies of President Donald Trump, which have also antagonized a range of allies. MORE FROM REUTERS Sponsored Content From Around the WebPromoted by Revcontent Trending Stories Pictures Pictures of the month Sponsored Topics X Follow Reuters: Follow Us On Twitter Follow Us On Facebook Follow Us On RSS Follow Us On Instagram Follow Us On YouTube Follow Us On LinkedIn Subscribe: Feeds | Newsletters | Podcasts | Apps Reuters News Agency | Brand Attribution Guidelines | Careers Reuters is the news and media division of Thomson Reuters. Thomson Reuters is the world's largest international multimedia news agency, providing investing news, world news, business news, technology news, headline news, small business news, news alerts, personal finance, stock market, and mutual funds information available on Reuters.com, video, mobile, and interactive television platforms. Learn more about Thomson Reuters products: Eikon Information, analytics and exclusive news on financial markets - delivered in an intuitive desktop and mobile interface Elektron Everything you need to empower your workflow and enhance your enterprise data management World-Check Screen for heightened risk individual and entities globally to help uncover hidden risks in business relationships and human networks Westlaw Build the strongest argument relying on authoritative content, attorney-editor expertise, and industry defining technology ONESOURCE The most comprehensive solution to manage all your complex and ever-expanding tax and compliance needs CHECKPOINT The industry leader for online information for tax, accounting and finance professionals All quotes delayed a minimum of 15 minutes. See here for a complete list of exchanges and delays. Site Feedback Corrections Advertising Guidelines Cookies Terms of Use Privacy Policy
HOME EDITION News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance CNBC Explains Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Recode Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows Watch Live CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Full Episodes More Log In | Register Log Out News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Consumer Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Halftime Portfolio Squawk Box Portfolio Take a Tour Subscribe Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance CNBC Explains Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Recode Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Special Reports Global Investing Hot Spots TD Ameritrade Conference Trader Talk ETF Strategist CNBC Fed Survey Modern Medicine Future Opportunities Retail Report Original Series Executive Edge Trading Nation Futures Now Retire Well The Pulse @ 1 Market The Bottom Line CNBC Events Davos Delivering Alpha eMerge Americas iCONIC Conference Cambridge Cyber Summit Sohn Conference Follow CNBC EDITION Register Log In Profile Email Preferences PRO Sign Out Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Halftime Portfolio Squawk Box Portfolio Take a Tour Subscribe LIVE TV Watch CNBC TV Watch CNBC Pro Watchlist X × × × White House Politics Elections Presidential Debates 2016 White House Congress Law Taxes Jamie Dimon, other CEOs to meet with Trump on Friday Christine Wang | @christiiineeee Wednesday, 1 Feb 2017 | 2:51 PM ETCNBC.com SHARES show chapters Trump to meet with JPM's Dimon & other CEOs on Fri -DJ    Wednesday, 1 Feb 2017 | 1:22 PM ET | 00:48 JPMorgan Chase CEO Jamie Dimon will be among the business leaders meeting with President Donald Trump on Friday, CNBC has confirmed. The Wall Street Journal first reported the meeting, citing a source familiar with the matter. The newspaper said the meeting will focus on economic issues including regulation, women in the workforce, taxes, trade and infrastructure. When asked about the meeting during a Wednesday press briefing, White House spokesman Sean Spicer said he would provide further updates on Thursday. Spicer did not confirm that the meeting was taking place or who would be in attendance. Last week, Dimon met with former Goldman Sachs executive Gary Cohn at the White House. Cohn was appointed as assistant to the president for economic policy and director of the National Economic Council in December. After the meeting, Dimon told CNBC that he would focus on making sure the U.S. has "proper" policies in tax, trade and employment. show chapters JPMorgan's Dimon meets with Trump economic advisor    Friday, 27 Jan 2017 | 3:47 PM ET | 01:55 In December, Trump's team announced that Dimon and other business titans would be part of the "President's Strategic and Policy Forum." A statement announcing the forum said the group "will be called upon to meet with the president frequently" on "how government policy impacts economic growth, job creation and productivity." — CNBC's Eamon Javers and Jacob Pramuk contributed to this report. Christine WangNews Associate Related Securities Symbol Price   Change %Change JPM --- To view this site, you need to have JavaScript enabled in your browser, and either the Flash Plugin or an HTML5-Video enabled browser. Download the latest Flash player and try again. Playing Share this video... × Watch Next...
Bloomberg the Company & Its ProductsBloomberg Anywhere Remote LoginBloomberg Anywhere LoginBloomberg Terminal Demo Request Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Philanthropy & Engagement Bloomberg London Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Philanthropy & Engagement Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Bloomberg London Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Advertising Bloomberg Media Distribution Bloomberg Live Conferences Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center MENU Homepage Markets Stocks Currencies Commodities Rates + Bonds Economics Magazine Benchmark Watchlist Economic Calendar Tech U.S. Global Startups Cybersecurity Digital Media Bloomberg Technology TV Hello World Studio 1.0 Pursuits Cars & Bikes Style & Grooming Spend Watches & Gadgets Food & Drinks Travel Real Estate Art & Design Politics With All Due Respect Global Risk Briefing How We’ll Know if Trump Is Making America Great Again Tracking Trump’s Web of Conflicts The Inauguration of Donald J. Trump On the March in Trump’s Capital Opinion View Gadfly Businessweek Subscribe Cover Stories Opening Remarks Etc Features 85th Anniversary Issue Behind The Cover More Science + Energy Graphics Game Plan Small Business Personal Finance Inspire GO The David Rubenstein Show Sponsored Content Bloomberg About The Company Sign In Sign In Subscribe JPMorgan Asset Seeks $10 Billion Slice of Aussie Pension Funds by Emily Cadman @ecadman More stories by Emily Cadman February 1, 2017, 1:00 PM EST ‘Main growth play’ in Asia, new Australia head Farrell says Will offer global diversification from domestic-focused funds JPMorgan's Strategy in Australia's Pension Market Globally, JPMorgan Chase & Co. is a $1.7 trillion asset management powerhouse, yet in the world’s fourth-biggest pension fund market, it’s barely known. Not for much longer, if Rachel Farrell, recently appointed the asset management unit’s first Australian country head, has her way. Farrell, 52, is aiming for a $10 billion slice of Australia’s pension savings by using the New York-based bank’s global reach to lure local investors looking to diversify abroad. “This is a transformational opportunity,” she said in an interview Wednesday in Sydney. “Our current footprint is not in keeping with where we should be considering the resources that we are willing to put behind the effort.” JPMorgan is vying for a piece of Australia’s pension market as Wall Street’s biggest firms expand their asset-management units to benefit from steady revenue streams that are less cyclical than investment banking and trading operations. Powered by a mandatory employer-funded savings plan for workers, Australia last year overtook Canada to become the world’s fourth-largest pension market, with $1.58 trillion in assets, according to a report from Willis Towers Watson released Wednesday. Your cheat sheet on life, in one weekly email. Get our weekly Game Plan newsletter. Sign Up Much of that money is allocated to cash or domestic stocks, and Farrell is betting that as the pool of money continues to grow, investors will begin to diversify and look further afield. She highlighted JPMorgan’s global expertise in infrastructure and real estate -- two asset classes favored by Australian pension managers -- and multi-asset solutions as key selling points to the Australian market. Australia “is one of our main growth plays in the Asia-Pacific region,” she said. Domestic Focus Australian pension funds have 16 percent of assets in cash, compared to just 1 percent by U.K. funds, according to Wills Towers Watson. Australian funds are also predominately domestic-focused -- 54 percent of their equities investments are in local stocks. Only the U.S., home to almost 50 percent of the global equity market, has a higher home-country bias, the report said. That’s one reason why the big global asset managers are absent from the domestic industry ranking tables: Macquarie Group, Colonial First State and AMP Capital -- all Sydney-based --are Australia’s three biggest asset managers, according to Willis Towers Watson. Farrell, who is in the process of moving to the Sydney from Hong Kong, where she headed JPMorgan Asset’s sovereign and institutional Asia Pacific ex-Japan business, doesn’t intend to tangle with the local heavyweights and is not planning on starting locally-focused funds. Five-Year Target Investors are struggling to boost returns in a world of low yields and volatile markets, prompting them to turn to alternative assets such as property and infrastructure. Even hedge funds are coming under pressure to reduce fees after years of sub-par returns. Even so, the business has been lucrative for JPMorgan. Net income in asset management, run by Mary Callahan Erdoes, increased 16 percent to $586 million in the fourth quarter of last year. Farrell said the firm should be able to reach its target of $10 billion of assets in five years. While declining to give a figure for current assets under management, reaching the goal would represent “pretty significant growth,” she said. While there are no immediate plans to ramp up the number of Australian-based staff, Farrell says the firm is committed to making it work. “If I need to add resources and we start seeing asset growth we will add resources,” she said. Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal. LEARN MORE Trending Now Trump Twitter Bursts Throw Decades-Old Alliances Into Chaos Who Will Pay for San Francisco's Tilting, Sinking Millennium Tower? America’s Top Prosecutor Defied Trump and Got Fired. Now She Gets Paid Trump Slams ‘Dumb Deal’ With Ally Australia After Testy Call Nordstrom Says It’s Cutting Ivanka Trump Brand Due to Poor Sales Terms of Service Trademarks Privacy Policy ©2017 Bloomberg L.P. All Rights Reserved Careers Made in NYC Advertise Ad Choices Website Feedback Help
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login MENU Latest Stock Picks News Investing News Fool Podcasts Guides How to Invest Retirement Personal Finance Motley Fool Answers Options Trading Find a Broker Compare IRA Accounts ETF - Exchange Traded Funds Community Discussion Boards CAPS More About Help My Fool My Fool My Profile My Watchlist My Scorecard My Boards My CAPS My Reports My Subscriptions My Settings Premium Advice My Services None Other Services None Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Search Search: Are Investors Losing Confidence in Bank Stocks? Bank stocks have now recorded two consecutive days of meaningful declines. John Maxfield (JohnMaxfield37) Feb 1, 2017 at 11:44AM Image source: Getty Images. After running up by 20% or more since the presidential election in November, bank stocks have now recorded two consecutive days of losses. It's still early, but it's worth asking the question whether investors have already begun to lose confidence in bank stocks. Buy the rumor... An old maxim of the markets is that investors should "buy the rumor and sell the news." In this case, the rumors that recently propelled shares of Bank of America (NYSE:BAC), JPMorgan Chase (NYSE:JPM), and Wells Fargo (NYSE:WFC), among others, centered around the perceived benefit that the sector would see from the changeover in presidential administrations. Trump came into office vowing to cut regulations, decrease taxes, and invest in infrastructure projects. Holding all else equal, all of these would be good for bank stocks. Just this week, he characterized the 2010 Dodd-Frank Act as a "disaster" and promised to "do a big number" on it soon. It's impossible to say for sure what he means by this, though some of it is undoubtedly hyperbole and seems to evidence a lack of appreciation for the aspects of Dodd-Frank that are embraced by even the financial services industry. But either way, it's true that an overly oppressive regulatory environment has weighed heavily on banks' top and bottom lines since the financial crisis eight years ago. Bank of America, JPMorgan Chase, and Wells Fargo have felt this more than most, as Dodd-Frank subjects the nation's biggest banks to particularly onerous rules. Banks must now hold more capital, keep their balance sheets more liquid, pass annual stress tests, and submit plans to regulators each year detailing how they would be resolved in the event of a bankruptcy. These rules are costly, of questionable value in certain cases, and make it hard for banks to generate the type of profitability that investors expect from large financial institutions. ...Sell the news It should be no surprise, in turn, that investors perceived all of this to be good for bank stocks. The problem now, however, is that the rubber is meeting the road. We've now moved beyond rumor and into news, in other words. The events of the past week, in particular, have begun to lead major institutional investors to question whether things will turn out as well as initially thought.  Ray Dalio, the founder and CEO of the world's largest hedge fund, Bridgewater Associates, said in a letter to clients this week that he's no longer optimistic that the current administration's pro-business agenda will necessarily outweigh its populist policies. "We are now in a period of time when how this balance tilts will be more important to the economy, markets, and our well-beings than normally dominant drivers such as central bank policies," he noted. Dalio went on to say that the current environment is marked by "exceptional uncertainty." As a result, he recommended that investors limit themselves to easy-to-sell assets. And the managers of Carlson Capital, a $1.5 billion fund based in Minnesota, sounded an alarm about the repercussions of protectionism and a trade war. "If the border adjustment mechanism is implemented as proposed, we think it will cause a global depression and a major equity market decline," they wrote this week in a letter to clients. "It is still unclear whether it will happen but at the very least we expect that U.S. trade policy will put downward pressure on global growth." I can't say for certain what motivated these financiers to offer such dire warnings, particularly when you consider that Dalio was originally optimistic about the new administration. But what is safe to say is that this seems to represent an inflection point in Wall Street's reading of the unfolding economic and political situation in the country. Again, this could all be premature. But if it's not, then it could be bad news for JPMorgan Chase, Bank of America, Wells Fargo, and other banks, which saw their shares soar on positive rumors over the past three months, only to now be confronted by the news. John Maxfield owns shares of Bank of America and Wells Fargo. The Motley Fool has no position in any of the stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author John Maxfield (JohnMaxfield37) John has written for The Motley Fool since 2011. If you like what you see, then you should follow him on Twitter. Follow @OneMarlandRoad Article Info Feb 1, 2017 at 11:44AM Financials Stocks Bank of America NYSE:BAC $22.72 down $0.17 (-0.74%) JPMorgan Chase NYSE:JPM $84.59 down $0.36 (-0.42%) Wells Fargo NYSE:WFC $55.75 down $0.16 (-0.29%) Read More Why 2017 Could Be This Stock's Best Year Yet This Bank Earned the Most Money in 2016 The Most Important Part of Bank of America's Earnings Report Will JPMorgan Chase Raise Its Dividend in 2017? Are Higher Interest Rates Good for Bank Stocks? It’s Complicated, Says Analyst Dick Bove Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Accessibility Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2017 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current Are Investors Losing Confidence in Bank Stocks? @themotleyfool #stocks $BAC, $JPM, $WFC
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login MENU Latest Stock Picks News Investing News Fool Podcasts Guides How to Invest Retirement Personal Finance Motley Fool Answers Options Trading Find a Broker Compare IRA Accounts ETF - Exchange Traded Funds Community Discussion Boards CAPS More About Help My Fool My Fool My Profile My Watchlist My Scorecard My Boards My CAPS My Reports My Subscriptions My Settings Premium Advice My Services None Other Services None Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Search Search: Are Investors Losing Confidence in Bank Stocks? Bank stocks have now recorded two consecutive days of meaningful declines. John Maxfield (JohnMaxfield37) Feb 1, 2017 at 11:44AM Image source: Getty Images. After running up by 20% or more since the presidential election in November, bank stocks have now recorded two consecutive days of losses. It's still early, but it's worth asking the question whether investors have already begun to lose confidence in bank stocks. Buy the rumor... An old maxim of the markets is that investors should "buy the rumor and sell the news." In this case, the rumors that recently propelled shares of Bank of America (NYSE:BAC), JPMorgan Chase (NYSE:JPM), and Wells Fargo (NYSE:WFC), among others, centered around the perceived benefit that the sector would see from the changeover in presidential administrations. Trump came into office vowing to cut regulations, decrease taxes, and invest in infrastructure projects. Holding all else equal, all of these would be good for bank stocks. Just this week, he characterized the 2010 Dodd-Frank Act as a "disaster" and promised to "do a big number" on it soon. It's impossible to say for sure what he means by this, though some of it is undoubtedly hyperbole and seems to evidence a lack of appreciation for the aspects of Dodd-Frank that are embraced by even the financial services industry. But either way, it's true that an overly oppressive regulatory environment has weighed heavily on banks' top and bottom lines since the financial crisis eight years ago. Bank of America, JPMorgan Chase, and Wells Fargo have felt this more than most, as Dodd-Frank subjects the nation's biggest banks to particularly onerous rules. Banks must now hold more capital, keep their balance sheets more liquid, pass annual stress tests, and submit plans to regulators each year detailing how they would be resolved in the event of a bankruptcy. These rules are costly, of questionable value in certain cases, and make it hard for banks to generate the type of profitability that investors expect from large financial institutions. ...Sell the news It should be no surprise, in turn, that investors perceived all of this to be good for bank stocks. The problem now, however, is that the rubber is meeting the road. We've now moved beyond rumor and into news, in other words. The events of the past week, in particular, have begun to lead major institutional investors to question whether things will turn out as well as initially thought.  Ray Dalio, the founder and CEO of the world's largest hedge fund, Bridgewater Associates, said in a letter to clients this week that he's no longer optimistic that the current administration's pro-business agenda will necessarily outweigh its populist policies. "We are now in a period of time when how this balance tilts will be more important to the economy, markets, and our well-beings than normally dominant drivers such as central bank policies," he noted. Dalio went on to say that the current environment is marked by "exceptional uncertainty." As a result, he recommended that investors limit themselves to easy-to-sell assets. And the managers of Carlson Capital, a $1.5 billion fund based in Minnesota, sounded an alarm about the repercussions of protectionism and a trade war. "If the border adjustment mechanism is implemented as proposed, we think it will cause a global depression and a major equity market decline," they wrote this week in a letter to clients. "It is still unclear whether it will happen but at the very least we expect that U.S. trade policy will put downward pressure on global growth." I can't say for certain what motivated these financiers to offer such dire warnings, particularly when you consider that Dalio was originally optimistic about the new administration. But what is safe to say is that this seems to represent an inflection point in Wall Street's reading of the unfolding economic and political situation in the country. Again, this could all be premature. But if it's not, then it could be bad news for JPMorgan Chase, Bank of America, Wells Fargo, and other banks, which saw their shares soar on positive rumors over the past three months, only to now be confronted by the news. John Maxfield owns shares of Bank of America and Wells Fargo. The Motley Fool has no position in any of the stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author John Maxfield (JohnMaxfield37) John has written for The Motley Fool since 2011. If you like what you see, then you should follow him on Twitter. Follow @OneMarlandRoad Article Info Feb 1, 2017 at 11:44AM Financials Stocks Bank of America NYSE:BAC $22.72 down $0.17 (-0.74%) JPMorgan Chase NYSE:JPM $84.59 down $0.36 (-0.42%) Wells Fargo NYSE:WFC $55.75 down $0.16 (-0.29%) Read More Why 2017 Could Be This Stock's Best Year Yet This Bank Earned the Most Money in 2016 The Most Important Part of Bank of America's Earnings Report Will JPMorgan Chase Raise Its Dividend in 2017? Are Higher Interest Rates Good for Bank Stocks? It’s Complicated, Says Analyst Dick Bove Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Accessibility Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2017 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current Are Investors Losing Confidence in Bank Stocks? @themotleyfool #stocks $BAC, $JPM, $WFC
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy   Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance ONEOK Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for ONEOK Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Metro Ag (MEO3) PT Set at €38.00 by equinet AG Berenberg Bank Analysts Give SAP SE (SAP) a €94.00 Price Target adidas AG (ADS) PT Set at €166.00 by Kepler Capital Markets Graco Inc. (GGG) Expected to Earn Q1 2017 Earnings of $0.78 Per Share HCA Holdings, Inc. to Post Q1 2017 Earnings of $1.81 Per Share, KeyCorp Forecasts (HCA) IDEX Corporation (IEX) Expected to Earn Q1 2017 Earnings of $0.93 Per Share Olin Corporation (OLN) Hits New 12-Month High After Strong Earnings ContraVir Pharmaceuticals Inc (CTRV) Given Consensus Rating of “Strong Buy” by Brokerages Cesca Therapeutics Inc. (KOOL) Given Consensus Recommendation of “Hold” by Brokerages Zacks: BGC Partners, Inc. (BGCP) Given $14.00 Average Target Price by Analysts Zacks: Orchid Island Capital, Inc. (ORC) Given Average Rating of “Strong Buy” by Analysts Zacks: AC Immune SA (ACIU) Given $23.00 Consensus Target Price by Analysts Royal Bank Of Canada Downgrades E.On Se (EONGY) to Underperform Pagegroup PLC (MPI) Price Target Raised to GBX 490 Diageo plc (DGE) Receives Buy Rating from HSBC Holdings plc Metro Ag (MEO3) Given a €38.00 Price Target at Oddo Securities Overstock.com, Inc. (OSTK) Major Shareholder Sells $15,228,861.84 in Stock Voya Prime Rate Trust (PPR) Declares Monthly Dividend of $0.03 Hanesbrands Inc. (HBI) Posts Quarterly Earnings Results, Misses Estimates By $0.05 EPS UNITIL Corporation (UTL) Announces Quarterly Earnings Results, Beats Estimates By $0.01 EPS ONEOK, Inc. (OKE) is Visionary Asset Management Inc.’s 6th Largest Position February 1st, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Tyrone Williams Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Visionary Asset Management Inc. cut its stake in shares of ONEOK, Inc. (NYSE:OKE) by 9.0% during the third quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The institutional investor owned 77,414 shares of the company’s stock after selling 7,663 shares during the period. ONEOK accounts for about 1.4% of Visionary Asset Management Inc.’s investment portfolio, making the stock its 6th largest position. Visionary Asset Management Inc.’s holdings in ONEOK were worth $3,978,000 as of its most recent filing with the SEC. Other institutional investors have also recently bought and sold shares of the company. Ngam Advisors L.P. purchased a new position in ONEOK during the third quarter valued at about $758,000. JPMorgan Chase & Co. boosted its position in ONEOK by 10.9% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 571,117 shares of the company’s stock valued at $29,348,000 after buying an additional 56,019 shares in the last quarter. Sei Investments Co. boosted its position in ONEOK by 27.1% in the third quarter. Sei Investments Co. now owns 20,938 shares of the company’s stock valued at $1,076,000 after buying an additional 4,466 shares in the last quarter. UBS Asset Management Americas Inc. boosted its position in ONEOK by 3.9% in the third quarter. UBS Asset Management Americas Inc. now owns 589,143 shares of the company’s stock valued at $30,275,000 after buying an additional 22,323 shares in the last quarter. Finally, Teacher Retirement System of Texas boosted its position in ONEOK by 96.0% in the third quarter. Teacher Retirement System of Texas now owns 29,281 shares of the company’s stock valued at $1,505,000 after buying an additional 14,341 shares in the last quarter. Hedge funds and other institutional investors own 72.36% of the company’s stock. Shares of ONEOK, Inc. (NYSE:OKE) traded down 3.6289% during midday trading on Wednesday, hitting $53.1101. 13,403,915 shares of the company were exchanged. ONEOK, Inc. has a 52-week low of $18.88 and a 52-week high of $59.47. The company has a 50-day moving average price of $57.12 and a 200-day moving average price of $51.01. The stock has a market capitalization of $11.18 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 39.2246 and a beta of 1.14. The business also recently announced a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Tuesday, February 14th. Shareholders of record on Monday, January 30th will be given a dividend of $0.615 per share. The ex-dividend date is Thursday, January 26th. This represents a $2.46 annualized dividend and a dividend yield of 4.46%. ONEOK’s payout ratio is currently 182.22%. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION NOTICE: This report was posted by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are accessing this report on another publication, it was illegally copied and republished in violation of U.S. and international copyright & trademark laws. The original version of this report can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/02/01/oneok-inc-oke-is-visionary-asset-management-inc-s-6th-largest-position.html. Several equities analysts recently issued reports on the stock. Citigroup Inc. cut shares of ONEOK from a “buy” rating to a “neutral” rating in a research note on Wednesday, January 25th. Jefferies Group LLC cut shares of ONEOK from a “hold” rating to an “underperform” rating and set a $46.00 target price for the company. in a research note on Thursday, January 12th. RBC Capital Markets restated a “hold” rating and set a $58.00 price objective on shares of ONEOK in a research report on Friday, January 6th. Zacks Investment Research cut shares of ONEOK from a “hold” rating to a “strong sell” rating in a research report on Tuesday, January 3rd. Finally, Barclays PLC cut shares of ONEOK from an “overweight” rating to an “equal weight” rating and upped their price objective for the stock from $49.00 to $58.00 in a research report on Tuesday, December 13th. Two research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating and thirteen have issued a hold rating to the stock. The company presently has a consensus rating of “Hold” and a consensus price target of $46.08. ONEOK Company Profile ONEOK, Inc is the sole general partner of ONEOK Partners, L.P. (ONEOK Partners), a master limited partnership engaged in the gathering, processing, storage and transportation of natural gas in the United States. The Company operates through three business segments: Natural Gas Gathering and Processing, Natural Gas Liquids and Natural Gas Pipelines. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding OKE? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for ONEOK, Inc. (NYSE:OKE). Receive News & Ratings for ONEOK Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for ONEOK Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Trump Cancels Harley-Davidson Trip Due to Possible Protests White House Appears to Pull Back on Part of Policy on Vetting President Trump’s Labor Secretary Choice Outsourced Jobs President Trump Agenda: Border Wall and Sanctuary Cities White House Says President Trump Will Not Release His Tax Returns © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact US Privacy Policy Staff Daily Email Updates Headlines Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Investing First Majestic Silver Corp. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for First Majestic Silver Corp. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Recent Posts FY2016 EPS Estimates for Bombardier, Inc. (BBD) Cut by Analyst FY2016 Earnings Forecast for Paramount Group Inc Issued By Capital One Financial Corporation (PGRE) American Software, Inc. (AMSWA) to Issue Quarterly Dividend of $0.11 on February 24th J.M. Smucker Company (The) (SJM) To Go Ex-Dividend on February 8th Raymond James Financial, Inc. Raises Secure Energy Services Inc (SES) Price Target to C$13.15 Richmont Mines Inc. (RIC) Stock Rating Upgraded by CIBC Richmont Mines Inc. (RIC) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Scotiabank Post Holdings, Inc. (POST) Releases Earnings Results, Beats Estimates By $0.07 EPS EnSync Inc (ESNC) Short Interest Down 1.9% in January Pitney Bowes Inc. (PBI) Hits New 52-Week Low on Disappointing Earnings Vetr Inc. Upgrades Cisco Systems, Inc. (CSCO) to Buy Allergan PLC. (AGN) Rating Lowered to Hold at Vetr Inc. Seaport Global Securities Upgrades Abraxas Petroleum Corporation (AXAS) to “Buy” CLSA Reiterates Outperform Rating for Exxon Mobil Corporation (XOM) General Mills, Inc. (GIS) Shares Sold by Ramsay Stattman Vela & Price Inc. Gerstein Fisher Acquires 1,825 Shares of Piedmont Office Realty Trust, Inc. (PDM) DST Systems, Inc. (DST) Stake Raised by Gerstein Fisher Gerstein Fisher Has $2,098,000 Position in The Hackett Group, Inc. (HCKT) Picton Mahoney Asset Management Buys New Position in American Homes 4 Rent (AMH) Southwest Airlines Company (LUV) Shares Bought by Picton Mahoney Asset Management First Majestic Silver Corp. (AG) Shares Bought by Global X Management Co. LLC Posted by Abby Graham on Feb 1st, 2017 // No Comments Tweet Global X Management Co. LLC increased its position in First Majestic Silver Corp. (NYSE:AG) (TSE:FR) by 14.9% during the third quarter, according to its most recent Form 13F filing with the SEC. The firm owned 1,688,368 shares of the mining company’s stock after buying an additional 219,196 shares during the period. First Majestic Silver Corp. comprises 0.8% of Global X Management Co. LLC’s investment portfolio, making the stock its 24th largest position. Global X Management Co. LLC owned 1.03% of First Majestic Silver Corp. worth $17,381,000 at the end of the most recent quarter. A number of other institutional investors also recently added to or reduced their stakes in AG. Wells Fargo & Company MN increased its position in First Majestic Silver Corp. by 15.3% in the third quarter. Wells Fargo & Company MN now owns 60,275 shares of the mining company’s stock worth $621,000 after buying an additional 8,008 shares during the period. Quantitative Investment Management LLC bought a new position in First Majestic Silver Corp. during the third quarter worth approximately $6,322,000. Alps Advisors Inc. increased its position in First Majestic Silver Corp. by 59.7% in the third quarter. Alps Advisors Inc. now owns 901,416 shares of the mining company’s stock worth $9,285,000 after buying an additional 336,928 shares during the period. JPMorgan Chase & Co. increased its position in First Majestic Silver Corp. by 2,992.5% in the second quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 50,903 shares of the mining company’s stock worth $691,000 after buying an additional 49,257 shares during the period. Finally, IFP Advisors Inc increased its position in First Majestic Silver Corp. by 366.3% in the second quarter. IFP Advisors Inc now owns 13,568 shares of the mining company’s stock worth $184,000 after buying an additional 10,658 shares during the period. 34.00% of the stock is owned by hedge funds and other institutional investors. Shares of First Majestic Silver Corp. (NYSE:AG) traded down 0.63% during trading on Wednesday, hitting $9.54. The stock had a trading volume of 2,091,800 shares. The firm has a 50 day moving average price of $8.41 and a 200-day moving average price of $10.84. The stock’s market capitalization is $1.57 billion. First Majestic Silver Corp. has a 52 week low of $3.07 and a 52 week high of $19.15. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY NOTICE: This news story was first published by Web Breaking News and is the sole property of of Web Breaking News. If you are accessing this news story on another domain, it was copied illegally and reposted in violation of United States and international copyright legislation. The legal version of this news story can be accessed at http://www.webbreakingnews.com/2017/02/01/first-majestic-silver-corp-ag-shares-bought-by-global-x-management-co-llc.html. Several research analysts have commented on the company. Zacks Investment Research downgraded First Majestic Silver Corp. from a “hold” rating to a “sell” rating in a research note on Friday, January 20th. National Bank Financial raised First Majestic Silver Corp. from a “sector perform overweight” rating to an “outperform market weight” rating in a research note on Wednesday, November 9th. BMO Capital Markets raised First Majestic Silver Corp. from an “underperform” rating to a “market perform” rating in a research note on Thursday, November 10th. Raymond James Financial, Inc. raised First Majestic Silver Corp. from an “underperform” rating to a “mkt perform” rating in a research note on Tuesday, October 25th. Finally, Citigroup Inc. upgraded First Majestic Silver Corp. to a “market perform” rating and set a $11.00 price target on the stock in a report on Tuesday, October 25th. Two investment analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, three have issued a hold rating and two have assigned a buy rating to the company’s stock. The company presently has a consensus rating of “Hold” and a consensus target price of $14.55. First Majestic Silver Corp. Company Profile First Majestic Silver Corp. (First Majestic) is a mining company. The Company is engaged in the business of silver production, development, exploration, and acquisition of mineral properties with a focus on silver production in Mexico. The Company operates through eight segments: six segments located in Mexico, one retail market segment in Canada and one metal trading segment in Europe. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding AG? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for First Majestic Silver Corp. (NYSE:AG) (TSE:FR). Receive News & Ratings for First Majestic Silver Corp. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for First Majestic Silver Corp. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter. « Previous FIG Partners Weighs in on Pacific Continental Corporation (Ore)’s Q3 2017 Earnings (PCBK) Next » Silver Standard Resources Inc. (SSRI) Stake Raised by Global X Management Co. LLC Latest News Nike Suspends Relationship with Maria Sharapova Rob Bironas Ex-Titans Kicker Dies in Car Crash Ron Washington Leaves Texas Rangers Due to an Affair Jonathan Dwyer Falls in Line with Other Banned NFL Players Tony Stewart Case Going to the Grand Jury Oscar Pistorius “Blade Runner” Found Not Guilty of Murder Leave a Reply Click here to cancel reply. Name (Required) Mail (will not be published) (Required) Website   Home Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Headlines Investing © 2006-2017 Web Breaking News.
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy   Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Banco De Chile - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Banco De Chile with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Ramsay Stattman Vela & Price Inc. Decreases Position in The Spectranetics Corporation (SPNC) Ramsay Stattman Vela & Price Inc. Decreases Stake in Illinois Tool Works Inc. (ITW) Cigna Corporation (CI) Shares Sold by Gerstein Fisher Gerstein Fisher Sells 5,000 Shares of CoreSite Realty Corp (COR) Picton Mahoney Asset Management Reduces Position in Micron Technology, Inc. (MU) Kimco Realty Corporation (KIM) Issues Earnings Results, Hits Estimates Vetr Inc. Upgrades Hanesbrands Inc. (HBI) to Strong-Buy McDonald’s Corporation (MCD) Upgraded to “Hold” at Vetr Inc. BHP Billiton Limited (BHP) Shares Sold by Marco Investment Management LLC Marco Investment Management LLC Sells 400 Shares of Teva Pharmaceutical Industries Limited (TEVA) Marco Investment Management LLC Sells 199 Shares of Cracker Barrel Old Country Store, Inc. (CBRL) Laurel Wealth Advisors Inc. Purchases 681 Shares of PowerShares QQQ Trust, Series 1 (QQQ) Laurel Wealth Advisors Inc. Has $1,171,000 Position in The Kraft Heinz Company (KHC) Laurel Wealth Advisors Inc. Lowers Position in GlaxoSmithKline PLC (GSK) News Corporation (NWS) Shares Sold by Laurel Wealth Advisors Inc. Laurel Wealth Advisors Inc. Sells 6,030 Shares of E.I. du Pont de Nemours and Company (DD) Aon PLC (AON) Shares Sold by Laurel Wealth Advisors Inc. Marco Investment Management LLC Sells 3,000 Shares of Aflac Incorporated (AFL) Highlander Capital Management LLC Reduces Position in Investors Bancorp, Inc. (ISBC) Waste Management, Inc. (WM) Shares Bought by Highlander Capital Management LLC Trilogy Global Advisors LP Buys 109 Shares of Banco De Chile (BCH) February 1st, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Stacy Sanders Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Trilogy Global Advisors LP increased its position in shares of Banco De Chile (NYSE:BCH) by 0.0% during the third quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The fund owned 500,165 shares of the company’s stock after buying an additional 109 shares during the period. Banco De Chile accounts for 1.1% of Trilogy Global Advisors LP’s portfolio, making the stock its 27th largest position. Trilogy Global Advisors LP owned about 0.31% of Banco De Chile worth $33,660,000 at the end of the most recent quarter. Several other institutional investors also recently added to or reduced their stakes in the stock. JPMorgan Chase & Co. raised its position in Banco De Chile by 8,242.5% in the second quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 6,090 shares of the company’s stock worth $391,000 after buying an additional 6,017 shares during the last quarter. BlackRock Fund Advisors boosted its stake in Banco De Chile by 38.9% in the second quarter. BlackRock Fund Advisors now owns 2,458 shares of the company’s stock worth $158,000 after buying an additional 688 shares during the period. BlackRock Group LTD boosted its stake in Banco De Chile by 2.5% in the second quarter. BlackRock Group LTD now owns 69,350 shares of the company’s stock worth $4,447,000 after buying an additional 1,710 shares during the period. Thomas White International Ltd. boosted its stake in Banco De Chile by 14.0% in the second quarter. Thomas White International Ltd. now owns 11,831 shares of the company’s stock worth $759,000 after buying an additional 1,450 shares during the period. Finally, AXA boosted its stake in Banco De Chile by 2.8% in the second quarter. AXA now owns 14,854 shares of the company’s stock worth $953,000 after buying an additional 400 shares during the period. Institutional investors and hedge funds own 3.35% of the company’s stock. Banco De Chile (NYSE:BCH) traded up 1.1931% during midday trading on Wednesday, hitting $72.1608. The stock had a trading volume of 14,622 shares. The stock has a market cap of $11.72 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 13.3631 and a beta of 0.61. Banco De Chile has a 12 month low of $58.34 and a 12 month high of $73.40. The stock has a 50 day moving average of $70.69 and a 200 day moving average of $68.73. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION WARNING: This news story was reported by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are reading this news story on another publication, it was copied illegally and republished in violation of international trademark and copyright laws. The legal version of this news story can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/02/01/trilogy-global-advisors-lp-buys-109-shares-of-banco-de-chile-bch.html. A number of equities research analysts have recently commented on BCH shares. Credit Suisse Group restated a “hold” rating and set a $73.00 target price on shares of Banco De Chile in a research report on Friday, January 13th. Zacks Investment Research cut Banco De Chile from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating in a research report on Tuesday, January 3rd. Finally, J P Morgan Chase & Co upgraded Banco De Chile from a “neutral” rating to an “overweight” rating and set a $80.00 target price on the stock in a research report on Tuesday, December 13th. Four investment analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and three have given a buy rating to the company’s stock. The stock presently has a consensus rating of “Hold” and an average target price of $73.40. About Banco De Chile Banco de Chile is a privately owned bank. The Company is a full-service financial institution that provides, directly and indirectly through its subsidiaries and affiliates, a range of lending and non-lending products and services to all segments of the Chilean financial market. Its core business is commercial banking in Chile, providing traditional banking products and specialized financial services to its customer base of individuals and companies. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding BCH? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Banco De Chile (NYSE:BCH). Receive News & Ratings for Banco De Chile Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Banco De Chile and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Trump Cancels Harley-Davidson Trip Due to Possible Protests White House Appears to Pull Back on Part of Policy on Vetting President Trump’s Labor Secretary Choice Outsourced Jobs President Trump Agenda: Border Wall and Sanctuary Cities White House Says President Trump Will Not Release His Tax Returns © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
X Edition: United States Business Business Home Legal Deals Aerospace & Defense Finance Autos Reuters Summits ADventures Data Dive Markets Markets Home U.S. Markets European Markets Asian Markets Global Market Data Indices Stocks Bonds Currencies Commodities Futures Funds Earnings Dividends World World Home U.S. Special Reports Reuters Investigates Euro Zone Middle East China Japan Mexico Brazil Africa Russia India Politics Politics Home Polling Explorer Live: Trump's First 100 Days What Voters Want Supreme Court Tech Technology Home Science Top 100 Global Innovators Media Environment Innovation Commentary Commentary Home Podcasts Breakingviews Breakingviews Home Breakingviews Video Money Money Home Retirement Lipper Awards Analyst Research Stock Screener Fund Screener Life Health Sports Arts Entertainment Oddly Enough Pictures Pictures Home The Wider Image Photographers Focus 360 Video U.S. appeals court revives JPMorgan silver futures rigging lawsuits Africa América Latina عربي Argentina Brasil Canada 中国 Deutschland España France India Italia 日本 México РОССИЯ United Kingdom United States Business News | Wed Feb 1, 2017 | 11:17am EST U.S. appeals court revives JPMorgan silver futures rigging lawsuits A view of the exterior of the JP Morgan Chase & Co. corporate headquarters in New York City May 20, 2015. REUTERS/Mike Segar/Files By Jonathan Stempel | NEW YORK NEW YORK A U.S. appeals court on Wednesday revived three private antitrust lawsuits accusing JPMorgan Chase & Co (JPM.N) of rigging a market for silver futures contracts traded on COMEX. The 2nd U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals in New York said a lower court judge held hedge fund manager Daniel Shak and two other traders to an excessively high legal standard when deciding last June 29 to dismiss their complaints. Shak, Mark Grumet and Thomas Wacker accused the largest U.S. bank of having in late 2010 and early 2011 placed artificial bids on the trading floor, harangued staff at metals market COMEX to obtain prices it wanted, and made misrepresentations to a committee that set settlement prices. The traders said this forced them to post more capital to support their positions in silver futures spreads, and ultimately to liquidate them at heavy losses. Shak is also known for playing high-stakes poker. In Wednesday's unsigned decision, a three-judge panel rejected U.S. District Judge Paul Engelmayer's finding that the traders did not adequately show that JPMorgan made "uneconomic" bids, or intended to rig the market. The panel said Engelmayer demanded too much detail, including specific transaction terms and the identities of JPMorgan's counterparties. It also said Engelmayer engaged in "impermissible fact-finding" by objecting to the plaintiffs' use of the 12-month Silver Indicative Forward Mid Rates as a benchmark for determining proper spread levels. "We hold that plaintiffs adequately pleaded 'willful acquisition or maintenance of monopoly power' to sustain an antitrust claim," the appeals court panel said. JPMorgan spokesman Brian Marchiony declined to comment on the ruling. A lawyer for the traders, David Kovel, said: "We are happy with the decision and look forward to having the claims heard." JPMorgan has prevailed in other silver litigation, including in 2014 when the 2nd Circuit rejected class-action claims that the New York-based bank intended to drive prices down. The case is Wacker et al v. JPMorgan Chase & Co et al, 2nd U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals, Nos. 16-2482, 16-2484, 16-2530. (Reporting by Jonathan Stempel in New York; Editing by Jonathan Oatis) Next In Business News U.S. job growth seen accelerating in January, wages strong WASHINGTON U.S. job growth likely accelerated in January, with wages expected to have increased steadily, suggesting a strong start for the Trump administration as it seeks to boost the economy and employment. Japan readies package for Trump to help create 700,000 U.S. jobs TOKYO Japan is putting together a package it says could generate 700,000 U.S. jobs and help create a $450-billion market, to present to U.S. President Donald Trump next week, government sources familiar with the plans said. U.S. reversal on transparency could sting Canadian, European oil companies HOUSTON/CALGARY Canadian and European oil companies will find themselves at a competitive disadvantage to their American rivals if U.S. lawmakers scrap tighter transparency requirements on the industry, as expected, according to company executives, legal experts and trade groups. MORE FROM REUTERS Sponsored Content From Around the WebPromoted by Revcontent Trending Stories Pictures Pictures of the month Sponsored Topics X Follow Reuters: Follow Us On Twitter Follow Us On Facebook Follow Us On RSS Follow Us On Instagram Follow Us On YouTube Follow Us On LinkedIn Subscribe: Feeds | Newsletters | Podcasts | Apps Reuters News Agency | Brand Attribution Guidelines | Careers Reuters is the news and media division of Thomson Reuters. Thomson Reuters is the world's largest international multimedia news agency, providing investing news, world news, business news, technology news, headline news, small business news, news alerts, personal finance, stock market, and mutual funds information available on Reuters.com, video, mobile, and interactive television platforms. Learn more about Thomson Reuters products: Eikon Information, analytics and exclusive news on financial markets - delivered in an intuitive desktop and mobile interface Elektron Everything you need to empower your workflow and enhance your enterprise data management World-Check Screen for heightened risk individual and entities globally to help uncover hidden risks in business relationships and human networks Westlaw Build the strongest argument relying on authoritative content, attorney-editor expertise, and industry defining technology ONESOURCE The most comprehensive solution to manage all your complex and ever-expanding tax and compliance needs CHECKPOINT The industry leader for online information for tax, accounting and finance professionals All quotes delayed a minimum of 15 minutes. See here for a complete list of exchanges and delays. Site Feedback Corrections Advertising Guidelines Cookies Terms of Use Privacy Policy
ETF News Best ETFs Top Rated ETFs Best ETF Categories ETF Screener Tools ETF Screener Find Whats In Your ETF Find What ETFs Hold Your Stock Find ETFs By Leverage Find ETFs By Asset Class Free Newsletter Search Alerian MLP ETF Surges To New Highs Amid MLP Merger Mania February 1, 2017 10:59am NYSE:AMJ ShareTweet Investors looking for ETFs with rising momentum should begin to consider the JPMorgan Alerian MLP Index ETN (AMJ). This product just hit a new 52-week high of $33.94 today, and is now up 66.21% from its 52-week low price of $20.42 per share. Will this ETF continue its string of recent wins? Let’s take a closer look at the fund, its recent gains, the category it resides in, and its ratings and outlook to get a sense of whether its momentum is sustainable or not. Inside AMJ’s Rise As mentioned earlier, AMJ has now gained 66.21% from its 52-week low, which was hit back on February 11, 2016. The fund has now returned 5.57% over the past month, 15.53% over the past three months, and 8.25% in the past six months. Those returns compare to the benchmark S&P 500 index’s 1.93%, 9.77%, and 5.57% returns in the same periods, respectively. AMJ currently sits above its 10-day, 20-day, 50-day, 100-day, and 200-day moving averages (MAs), which from a technical standpoint suggests a very strong possibility that the recent gains can continue. That’s because the shares have no short-term overhead resistance to bump up against. Today’s 1% rise is no doubt fueled by another mega merger in the space. ONEOK Inc. said this morning that it would acquire the remaining portion of ONEOK Partners for $9.3 billion. A Look Under The Hood JPMorgan Alerian MLP Index ETN is a Equity-focused product issued by JP Morgan Chase. Its expense ratio of 0.85% makes it the #10 cheapest ETF among 22 total funds in the MLP ETFs category. AMJ currently boasts $3.80B in assets under management (AUM), placing it #2 of 22 ETFs in its category, and #119 of 1922 total ETFs in the U.S. exchange traded universe. The investment objective of the JPMorgan Alerian MLP Index ETN is to provide investors a way to gain exposure to midstream energy MLPs. The ETNs pay a variable quarterly coupon linked to the cash distributions paid on the MLPs in the index, less accrued tracking fees. With the energy sector posting a massive recovery over the past year, and a lot of consolidation in the industry pushing MLP valuations higher, it’s not unexpected to see this fund hitting new highs today. AMJ SMART Grade: More Gains Ahead? AMJ currently has an ETF Daily News SMART Grade of A (Strong Buy), and is ranked #2 of 22 funds in the MLP ETFs category. A SMART Grade of A suggests excellent future price growth potential, so it’s more than reasonable to expect even more gains ahead. For more information about this ETF, including full ratings, news, data, and more, please visit AMJ’s ticker page. Want Important ETF Info Delivered Straight To Your Inbox? The ETF Daily News Free Daily Newsletter will brief you on top news and analysis, as well as top performing ETFs, each and every day. Get it free » Tags: energy new highs NYSE:AMJ NYSE:MLPS Categories: NYSE:AMJ Read Next Junk Bonds Are On Fire, HYG Just Hit New 52-Week Highs This MLP ETF Just Surged To Fresh 52-Week Highs Large Cap Emerging Markets ETF Surges To New Highs, Now Up 7% This Year Nasdaq 100 ETF Surges To New All-Time Highs As Tech Stocks Lead Russell 1000 ETF Surges To New 52-Week Highs Recommended for You Get Free Updates Join over 50,000 investors who get the latest news from ETFDailyNews.com! Subscribe Most Popular Deutsche Bank’s Recovery In Question After Disastrous Q4 Results Invest Like A Billionaire With This Unique ETF Schwab: Dow 20K Has Actually Made Investors Less Bullish Our Exclusive Tools Best ETFs List Best ETF Categories ETF Screener Find Whats In Your ETF Find What ETF Holds Your Stock Search ETFs By Leverage Search ETFs By Asset Class Sponsored Content From Our Partners Explore More from ETFDailyNews.com Free Daily Newsletter Get daily ETF insights from our market experts. Never miss another important market development again! Sign Me Up ETFDailyNews.com respects your privacy. Best ETFs We've rated and ranked nearly 2,000 ETFs and ETNs using our proprietary SMART Grade system. View Top Rated ETFs Best Categories We've ranked dozens of ETF categories based on relative performance. Best ETF Categories ©2017 ETF Daily News About Us | Authors | Contact Us | Terms of Use
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login MENU Latest Stock Picks News Investing News Fool Podcasts Guides How to Invest Retirement Personal Finance Motley Fool Answers Options Trading Find a Broker Compare IRA Accounts ETF - Exchange Traded Funds Community Discussion Boards CAPS More About Help My Fool My Fool My Profile My Watchlist My Scorecard My Boards My CAPS My Reports My Subscriptions My Settings Premium Advice My Services None Other Services None Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Search Search: The Biggest Risk to JPMorgan Chase Right Now The possibility of a global trade war is a real concern to the nation’s biggest banks. John Maxfield (JohnMaxfield37) Feb 1, 2017 at 8:48AM A disruption to global trade as a result of protectionist policies won't be good for bank stocks. Image source: Getty Images. The amount of uncertainty pulsing through the markets right now is escalating on a daily basis. Ray Dailo, the founder and CEO of the world's largest hedge fund, Bridgewater Associates, which focuses on macroeconomic trends, classified it in a note to clients on Tuesday as "exceptional" and recommends that investors avoid concentrated bets or holding assets that can't be easily liquidated. The principal concern for companies is that the world will move in a protectionist direction, erecting tariffs and igniting a trade war. This happened after World War I and helped to create the conditions that led to the economic troubles of the 1930s. This would be especially harmful for manufacturers and retailers, who depend on global trade to construct their wares and stock their stores. But it's also bad for banks. And it's especially bad for the nation's biggest banks, which generate a meaningful portion of revenue from the facilitation of cross-border capital flows. Measuring country risk It's for this reason that I've begun looking at which of the nation's banks have the most international exposure. Citigroup (NYSE:C) is at the top of the list, as I note here. But not far behind is JPMorgan Chase (NYSE:JPM). Data source: regulatory filings. Chart by author. All of the big banks disclose so-called "country risk" in their regulatory filings. JPMorgan defines this as "the risk that a sovereign event or action alters the value or terms of contractual obligations of obligors, counterparties and issuers or adversely affects markets related to a particular country." Banks convey country risk by listing the foreign markets that they have the most exposure to. Citigroup offers the 25 markets where its net exposure is greatest. JPMorgan Chase and Bank of America (NYSE:BAC) limit their disclosure to 20 countries. Comparing these lists thereby allows an investor to get at least a cursory idea for which banks rely the most on a thriving global, as opposed to domestic, economy. In JPMorgan's case, it had $293 billion worth of exposure to its 20 largest international markets. That's well below Citigroup's $525 billion worth of exposure, but nevertheless comfortably above Bank of America's $212 billion. Everything is relative Of course, given that these banks aren't all the same size, just comparing the absolute dollar amount of international exposure doesn't give one a very good grasp for how much any individual bank relies on cross-border capital flows. To gauge this, it helps to look as well at the amount of international exposure a bank has compared to its size. JPMorgan is the biggest bank in the United States, with $2.5 trillion worth of assets on its balance sheet. That's nearly 40% larger than Citigroup, which has a $1.8 trillion balance sheet, and 14% bigger than Bank of America. Taking this into consideration, JPMorgan's exposure looks less ominous, as it equates to only 12% of its total assets. That's more than Bank of America's 10%, but well below Citigroup's 29%. Data source: JPMorgan Chase. Chart by author. To be clear, using these figures to gauge the relative impact that protectionist policies or an all-out trade war will have on banks is far from precise. After all, if the global economy does head south, that would hurt banks' domestic operations as well. It would decrease loan demand and increase loan losses. All of these banks also hedge to protect themselves from a variety of possible outcomes. And you can rest assure that few banks will be as well positioned as JPMorgan Chase to combat any deleterious trends that may materialize. Its CEO Jamie Dimon was the first banker that I'm aware of to call out the ominous storm clouds accumulating on the horizon which then unleashed the fury of the financial crisis. One could even go so far as to conclude that this was the reason Dimon thought it was so important for him to stay at JPMorgan Chase as opposed to pursue entreaties to become Treasury Secretary. That's rote speculation, but if things do get bad, then shareholders of the New York City-based bank will be thankful that he stuck around. John Maxfield owns shares of Bank of America. The Motley Fool has no position in any of the stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author John Maxfield (JohnMaxfield37) John has written for The Motley Fool since 2011. If you like what you see, then you should follow him on Twitter. Follow @OneMarlandRoad Article Info Feb 1, 2017 at 8:48AM Financials Stocks Bank of America NYSE:BAC $22.72 down $0.17 (-0.74%) Citigroup NYSE:C $55.98 up $0.09 (0.16%) JPMorgan Chase NYSE:JPM $84.59 down $0.36 (-0.42%) Read More This Bank Earned the Most Money in 2016 Bank of America and JPMorgan Chase Clear Latest Regulatory Hurdle Will JPMorgan Chase Raise Its Dividend in 2017? Are Higher Interest Rates Good for Bank Stocks? It’s Complicated, Says Analyst Dick Bove 10 Biggest Banks in America Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Accessibility Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2017 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current The Biggest Risk to JPMorgan Chase Right Now @themotleyfool #stocks $BAC, $C, $JPM
X Edition: United States Business Business Home Legal Deals Aerospace & Defense Finance Autos Reuters Summits ADventures Data Dive Markets Markets Home U.S. Markets European Markets Asian Markets Global Market Data Indices Stocks Bonds Currencies Commodities Futures Funds Earnings Dividends World World Home U.S. Special Reports Reuters Investigates Euro Zone Middle East China Japan Mexico Brazil Africa Russia India Politics Politics Home Polling Explorer Live: Trump's First 100 Days What Voters Want Supreme Court Tech Technology Home Science Top 100 Global Innovators Media Environment Innovation Commentary Commentary Home Podcasts Breakingviews Breakingviews Home Breakingviews Video Money Money Home Retirement Lipper Awards Analyst Research Stock Screener Fund Screener Life Health Sports Arts Entertainment Oddly Enough Pictures Pictures Home The Wider Image Photographers Focus 360 Video Ex-JPMorgan analyst largely cleared in U.S. of insider trading Africa América Latina عربي Argentina Brasil Canada 中国 Deutschland España France India Italia 日本 México РОССИЯ United Kingdom United States Business News | Wed Feb 1, 2017 | 7:28am EST Ex-JPMorgan analyst largely cleared in U.S. of insider trading By Nate Raymond A former JPMorgan Chase & Co (JPM.N) investment banking analyst has been largely cleared of U.S. charges that he disclosed information about upcoming mergers that allowed a friend and another man to make over $600,000 through insider trading. Ashish Aggarwal, who previously worked at J.P. Morgan Securities LLC in its San Francisco office, was found not guilty by a federal jury in Los Angeles on Tuesday of 26 of 30 counts he faced, prosecutors said. The jury, following three days of deliberations, was hung on four remaining counts of insider trading and tender offer fraud, prosecutors said. "We are very pleased that the jury took the time to carefully evaluate the evidence and agreed with us that Mr. Aggrawal was not guilty," his lawyers, Derek Cohen and Grant Fondo, said in a joint statement. Thom Mrozek, a spokesman for the U.S. Attorney's Office in Los Angeles, said prosecutors "will review the case to determine if we want to proceed on the unresolved counts." Aggarwal, 28, was charged in August 2015 in connection with what prosecutors said were tips he provided a college friend, Shahriyar Bolandian, who they said in turn tipped his childhood friend, Kevan Sadigh. Prosecutors said Aggarwal tipped Bolandian to inside information before the announcements of Integrated Device Technology Inc's 2012 acquisition of PLX Technology Inc and Salesforce.com Inc's 2013 acquisition of ExactTarget Inc. Bolandian in turn told Sadigh in both cases, enabling them to trade ahead of the deals and make more than $600,000, prosecutors said. Both have pleaded not guilty and have yet to face trial. Aggarwal denied wrongdoing. His lawyers at trial said the prosecution's case was circumstantial and lacked evidence that Aggarwal knew about the trades before they happened, tipped his co-defendants or received anything in exchange. The case is U.S. v. Aggarwal et al, U.S. District Court, Central District of California, No. 15-cr-465. (Reporting by Nate Raymond in New York; Editing by Chizu Nomiyama) Next In Business News Japan readies package for Trump to help create 700,000 U.S. jobs TOKYO Japan is putting together a package it says could generate 700,000 U.S. jobs and help create a $450-billion market, to present to U.S. President Donald Trump next week, government sources familiar with the plans said. Trump pick for China ambassador sees 'win-win' boost to trade ties BEIJING U.S. President Donald Trump's pick for ambassador to China, Terry Branstad, said he would help increase trade in a "win-win" for both countries, Chinese state media reported, amid concerns over protectionist talk from the new U.S. administration. U.S. reversal on transparency could sting Canadian, European oil companies HOUSTON/CALGARY Canadian and European oil companies will find themselves at a competitive disadvantage to their American rivals if U.S. lawmakers scrap tighter transparency requirements on the industry, as expected, according to company executives, legal experts and trade groups. MORE FROM REUTERS Sponsored Content From Around the WebPromoted by Revcontent Trending Stories Pictures Pictures of the month Sponsored Topics X Follow Reuters: Follow Us On Twitter Follow Us On Facebook Follow Us On RSS Follow Us On Instagram Follow Us On YouTube Follow Us On LinkedIn Subscribe: Feeds | Newsletters | Podcasts | Apps Reuters News Agency | Brand Attribution Guidelines | Careers Reuters is the news and media division of Thomson Reuters. Thomson Reuters is the world's largest international multimedia news agency, providing investing news, world news, business news, technology news, headline news, small business news, news alerts, personal finance, stock market, and mutual funds information available on Reuters.com, video, mobile, and interactive television platforms. Learn more about Thomson Reuters products: Eikon Information, analytics and exclusive news on financial markets - delivered in an intuitive desktop and mobile interface Elektron Everything you need to empower your workflow and enhance your enterprise data management World-Check Screen for heightened risk individual and entities globally to help uncover hidden risks in business relationships and human networks Westlaw Build the strongest argument relying on authoritative content, attorney-editor expertise, and industry defining technology ONESOURCE The most comprehensive solution to manage all your complex and ever-expanding tax and compliance needs CHECKPOINT The industry leader for online information for tax, accounting and finance professionals All quotes delayed a minimum of 15 minutes. See here for a complete list of exchanges and delays. Site Feedback Corrections Advertising Guidelines Cookies Terms of Use Privacy Policy
Bloomberg the Company & Its ProductsBloomberg Anywhere Remote LoginBloomberg Anywhere LoginBloomberg Terminal Demo Request Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Philanthropy & Engagement Bloomberg London Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Philanthropy & Engagement Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Bloomberg London Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Advertising Bloomberg Media Distribution Bloomberg Live Conferences Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center MENU Homepage Markets Stocks Currencies Commodities Rates + Bonds Economics Magazine Benchmark Watchlist Economic Calendar Tech U.S. Global Startups Cybersecurity Digital Media Bloomberg Technology TV Hello World Studio 1.0 Pursuits Cars & Bikes Style & Grooming Spend Watches & Gadgets Food & Drinks Travel Real Estate Art & Design Politics With All Due Respect Global Risk Briefing How We’ll Know if Trump Is Making America Great Again Tracking Trump’s Web of Conflicts The Inauguration of Donald J. Trump On the March in Trump’s Capital Opinion View Gadfly Businessweek Subscribe Cover Stories Opening Remarks Etc Features 85th Anniversary Issue Behind The Cover More Science + Energy Graphics Game Plan Small Business Personal Finance Inspire GO The David Rubenstein Show Sponsored Content Bloomberg About The Company Sign In Sign In Subscribe Photographer: Mark Kauzlarich/Bloomberg Private Banking Meets Cross-Selling for JPMorgan’s Wealthy Clients by Neil Weinberg @NeilAWeinberg More stories by Neil Weinberg February 1, 2017, 5:00 AM EST Ex-employees describe push to sell bank’s own products to rich In-house options serve both bank and clients, JPMorgan says Salespeople of all stripes know the drill. Go to the morning pump-up sessions. Hit the revenue targets. Move product or move along. The playbook for selling everything from phones to time shares also crops up in a rarefied environment -- the Manhattan offices of JPMorgan Chase & Co.’s elite wealth-management unit. There, private bankers working with JPMorgan’s richest customers are encouraged to steer client assets into certain funds and instruments that generate rich fees for the bank, according to several former employees. How banks cross-sell -- essentially, a “would you like fries with that” approach -- has come under regulatory scrutiny after revelations last year that Wells Fargo employees opened millions of fake accounts in clients’ names to reach sales targets. Wells Fargo admitted to a lapse and has changed its incentives. But the scandal brings an old question about banking into sharper focus: When do bank’s incentives for employees put the customer second? Related: Wells Fargo Stars Climbed as Abuses Flourished Beneath Them There’s nothing illegal about cross-selling. Every company wants to sell its own stuff, and JPMorgan, the nation’s biggest bank, is no different. It stands out because it has so many in-house investments to offer its clients, including the biggest pool of in-house mutual funds in the U.S. banking industry. Several former employees at the private bank said the pep talks and reward system to sell such products made them uncomfortable: They felt pressured to push certain investments even when they believed others might be better for their clients. No one is accusing JPMorgan of making up false accounts. The bank says it serves its wealthy clients by offering a wide range of investment options and discloses that it favors its own products. It doesn’t pay its bankers commissions, said Darin Oduyoye, a bank spokesman. The system benefits bank and client alike, he said. “Clients have a number of options in financial providers,” Oduyoye said. “One of the reasons they choose JPMorgan as their primary bank is because we can offer a full breadth of investments, banking, lending and wealth advisory services. Clients expect to hear from us about all of these capabilities.” Pay Scorecard Seven people who worked in various roles across J.P. Morgan Private Bank in the last few years, three of them as recently as mid-2016, said they functioned less as advisers than as salespeople.  The ex-employees said days started with an 8 a.m. sales meeting in the “war room” high above Park Avenue. Then came client calls, with employees tracking sales targets on whiteboards. They would gather again before quitting time to hear about some handpicked investments -- what to sell and how to sell it. Bankers’ compensation “scorecards” measured how much revenue they were generating, these bankers said, but didn’t address how their clients’ investments were performing. They and another dozen or so people familiar with the private bank agreed to describe its operations as long as their names weren’t used because they still work in related businesses. Current employees of the private bank declined to discuss it. While the bankers weren’t explicitly told to push in-house funds, they said, meeting the revenue marks was all but impossible without selling the products that generate the highest fees for the bank, which include not only in-house investments but also those from partners that share their fees with the bank. ’Unapproved Funds’ Advisers could put their brokerage clients into other funds or instruments, but they wouldn’t get revenue credits for them, three former employees said. A mid-2016 compensation scorecard reviewed by Bloomberg referred to “unapproved” mutual funds as among the instruments that didn’t boost advisers’ tallies. Oduyoye, the JPMorgan spokesman, said performance measures at the private bank “are designed to reflect how well bankers are serving clients as well as risk-management priorities of the firm.” He declined to say whether that represented a change in practice. JPMorgan has in the past pitched investors on the synergies among its retail, commercial, investment banking and asset management businesses. A review of company filings and transcripts of investor calls indicates that JPMorgan has been the only big bank to break out revenue figures tied to cross-selling. Selling across the bank’s four main units contributed $7.5 billion in revenue in 2014, or more than 7 percent of all revenue, the bank said at a 2015 investor conference, the last time it provided such a figure. ‘Among the Best’ “Cross-selling is a big deal. And we do an exceptionally good job at cross-selling. We think we’re among the best out there,” Chief Executive Officer Jamie Dimon told an investor conference in September 2012, referring to the bank’s retail business. Fifteen months later he told another conference: “We do as much cross-sell as a Wells Fargo.” Even as Wells Fargo pushed an in-house “Eight Is Great” target for cross-selling, JPMorgan was already nearly there: JPMorgan’s retail branches sold an average of 7.9 products and services per household in 2013, compared with Wells Fargo’s 6.2, according to the latest data available from both banks. (Comparable industrywide data is elusive.) Dimon has publicly emphasized that cross-selling must benefit customers. “We don’t like the word cross-selling because it sounds like we’re doing it for us,” he told investors in 2015. The Wells Fargo scandal prompted regulators to take a fresh look at the practice at the nation’s largest banks. The Office of the Comptroller of the Currency, the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau and the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation asked banks in October for information about how their sales practices may disadvantage customers. The OCC said the investigation is still under way. ‘Not an Objective’ After the regulators’ request, JPMorgan Chief Financial Officer Marianne Lake said that an internal investigation of the bank’s sales practices had turned up sporadic problems, which she didn’t identify, but no systemic lapses. During an October earnings call with investors, she said: “Cross-sell is an outcome. It’s not an objective.” The seven bankers, who worked at J.P. Morgan Private Bank from three years to well over a decade, said the rhythm of the workday made their office feel more like a hard-charging sales operation than a buttoned-up private bank. Each morning the bankers in Manhattan would file into the 24th-floor conference area, senior managers in the first row, private bankers behind and stragglers standing. People at dozens of other offices around the country would call in. Morning Huddle The morning meeting opened with a market overview and often shifted to a discussion of specific products such as structured notes, mutual funds and private equity funds offered by JPMorgan or an outside company that gives the bank a financial incentive to sell. (JPMorgan has disclosed that certain companies pay fees back to the bank in exchange for the placements.) Later, smaller teams met for a morning “huddle” to discuss their sales targets and strategies. Oduyoye described the meeting as educational rather than sales-driven, focusing on market events. “We take pride in the amount of time we spend educating our advisers on markets and solutions -- internally or externally -- so they can better serve their clients,” Oduyoye said. The advisers were encouraged to offer “managed solutions” to clients, several of the former employees said. These accounts let clients set their own investment objective, like growth. Customers pay a management fee. Portfolio managers pick the products and make the trades. The bank prefers in-house products, from which it earns additional fees, the bank recently disclosed to clients of its managed products. Many days ended with “the 4:45” -- a gathering often attended by executives from JPMorgan’s partners, including the Blackstone Group and Starwood Capital, who pitched their own new products and discussed how to sell them, according to six of the former employees. Among the hedge funds offered in the private bank’s managed portfolios, all but one shared fees with JPMorgan, the Securities and Exchange Commission said in December 2015. Blackstone declined to comment. Starwood didn’t respond to a request for comment. Additional Fees The emphasis on selling was reinforced by the pay structure, which consisted of a salary and annual bonus. Five of the former bankers described the three factors listed in the pay scorecard to determine compensation -- new clients, new bank revenues and a measure of asset flows, which they said was defined as JPMorgan products such as bank loans or in-house investment funds as well as products from other firms that share fees with the bank. Those measures were included on the compensation scorecard reviewed by Bloomberg, which also included a category called “cross-selling.” There are cases where cross-selling by investment advisers could run afoul of regulators. Advisers who manage trusts and discretionary trading accounts generally have a fiduciary duty to prioritize the client’s interest over the bank’s. Excessive sales of in-house investments tied to those assets could raise the alarm of the government overseers reviewing the banks’ practices. JPMorgan doesn’t report how much of the $433 billion managed by the private bank is subject to fiduciary requirements. OCC Warning In 2012, a review of JPMorgan by the OCC, which wasn’t made public, warned the bank that its cross-selling practices for pension funds violated the clients-first requirement, a person familiar with the matter has said. JPMorgan declined to comment on the warning. The most important market news of the day. Get our markets daily newsletter. Sign Up U.S. securities regulators have also examined the cross-selling activities of JPMorgan’s asset-management business. They found that the bank had violated securities regulations by failing to tell investors that it favored its own products over others. To resolve the matter, in December 2015 the bank paid a record $307 million asset-management settlement to the SEC and the Commodity Futures Trading Commission. The bank admitted disclosure lapses and agreed to provide more transparency. The next month, JPMorgan’s private bank settled regulatory claims that it had misled clients by telling them it paid advisers “based on clients’ performance” when, in fact, it considered other factors. The bank didn’t admit or deny wrongdoing. Fine Print Disclosure goes only so far, said Philip Aidikoff, a securities lawyer in Beverly Hills, California, who’s representing a client in an arbitration against JPMorgan over an alleged breach of fiduciary duty, the details of which aren’t public. “Clients shouldn’t have to worry that their bank can screw them because somewhere in a large offering document it says the bank can screw them,” he said. A Labor Department rule set to take effect in April would require all advisers who recommend investments for retirement accounts to act as fiduciaries. Trump adviser Anthony Scaramucci has criticized the rule, leading to speculation that the new administration will either delay it or permanently roll it back. Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal. LEARN MORE Trending Now Trump Twitter Bursts Throw Decades-Old Alliances Into Chaos Who Will Pay for San Francisco's Tilting, Sinking Millennium Tower? America’s Top Prosecutor Defied Trump and Got Fired. Now She Gets Paid Trump Slams ‘Dumb Deal’ With Ally Australia After Testy Call Nordstrom Says It’s Cutting Ivanka Trump Brand Due to Poor Sales Terms of Service Trademarks Privacy Policy ©2017 Bloomberg L.P. All Rights Reserved Careers Made in NYC Advertise Ad Choices Website Feedback Help
Home Mail Flickr Tumblr News Sports Finance Celebrity Answers Groups Mobile More Yahoo Search Search Skip to Navigation Skip to Main Content Skip to Related Content 0 Mail News Home Follow Us US World Politics Tech Science Odd News ABC News Yahoo Originals Katie Couric Matt Bai Trump, Wall Street and the ‘banking caucus’ ready to rip apart Dodd-Frank Jared Bennett Center for Public IntegrityFebruary 1, 2017 Reblog Share Tweet Pin it Share Feb. 1, 2017: This story has been clarified. Now that Donald Trump is president, the banking industry is well on its way to accomplishing what has been its top priority goal for years: upending Dodd-Frank, the massive regulatory law that emerged from the financial crisis. Congress passed the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act in 2010, two years after the worst economic downturn since the Great Depression vaporized about $14 trillion in wealth, according to the Federal Reserve. Taxpayers spent more than $300 billion to bail out the banks and investment firms behind the collapse, and they recovered sufficiently to repay almost all of that. Dodd-Frank instituted safeguards designed to protect consumers and the economy from future crises. To that end, the law created the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau (CFPB), and fundamentally changed the way regulators watch over Wall Street by designating certain large institutions for regular scrutiny so that watchdogs weren’t caught off guard by bank failures. The banking lobby and its friends on Capitol Hill have complicated implementation by watering down some Dodd-Frank rules and delaying others, but the law survived mostly intact during President Barack Obama’s tenure. That’s likely about to change. The Trump transition team website said it “will be working to dismantle the Dodd-Frank Act and replace it with new policies to encourage growth and job creation.” President Trump, while signing an executive order Monday to limit new regulations, told reporters he planned to “do a big number on Dodd-Frank.” Members on the Republican-controlled House and Senate banking committees, many of whom received some of the heftiest sums of campaign donations from banks, have readied bills that would weaken many of the law’s protections; they argue the changes are necessary to reduce costly regulations and give consumers more choice in the financial services market. With that kind of influence, Wall Street will probably get much of what it wants. This story is part of Finance. The latest investigations about U.S. financial reform, corporate accountability and consumer finance. Click here to read more stories in this investigation. Don't miss another Business investigation: Sign up for the Center for Public Integrity's Watchdog email. Even one of the laws’ namesakes, former House Financial Services Chairman Barney Frank, D-Mass., said there is room to improve Dodd-Frank. “We’re always changing something this big,” Frank said in an interview. Some reforms, like changes to the CFPB, seem a certainty, mostly because they can be accomplished without legislation. Others will probably meet resistance, and a full repeal is unlikely, according to Frank. Dodd-Frank is “a popular law,” he said, and “very skillful people” such as Sens. Elizabeth Warren, D-Mass., and Sherrod Brown, D-Ohio, will strongly defend the legislation. In addition, Frank said, “I think Republicans who are up [for re-election] in 2018 are going to be reluctant” to dramatically weaken the law. Even so, critics of altering Dodd-Frank believe the signs point to a regrettable return to a pre-recession era when large banks operated without significant regulatory oversight, said Marcus Stanley, policy director at Americans for Financial Reform, a coalition of civil rights, consumer and business groups that formed after the 2008 crisis.  “We had experience with Wall Street self-regulation prior to the financial crisis, and it did not work out well,” Stanley said. “When you let industry determine its own rules, it’s going to create more risks. The downside of those risks is going to be pushed to taxpayers and working families.” ‘Creating hope’ The Trump administration has a ready blueprint for dismantling Dodd-Frank. It’s called the Financial Choice Act. While the bill was introduced just last year, the ideas behind it aren’t new. The Choice Act includes language from 40 previous bills that made it to the House floor but stopped short of becoming law. One bill would have exempted manufactured-home retailers from the law, exposing borrowers to costly loans, the Obama administration argued. Another expanded what kinds of up-front costs (called points and fees) could be considered a so-called qualified mortgage, which are eligible to be insured by the federal government. That change would have eroded consumer protections, the Obama White House said. The Choice Act wouldn’t completely repeal Dodd-Frank, but rather change those provisions the banking industry particularly dislikes: Regulators’ “orderly liquidation authority” for winding down failing banks, a “stress test” system banks consider opaque and burdensome, and the government’s discretion in deciding what institutions warrant heightened scrutiny, among others. Doing away with Dodd-Frank completely would be impossible without convincing Senate moderates. And scrapping it would be costly for industry in its own way, because institutions have already adapted to many of the laws’ changes. Some of those changes have actually improved business, according to a study by the consulting firm Accenture. Almost three-quarters of the 132 business executives surveyed by the firm in 2012 said “Dodd-Frank will increase their company’s profitability over the lifetime of the program.” Still, the Choice Act — which stands for Creating Hope and Opportunity for Investors, Consumers and Entrepreneurs — puts major components of Dodd-Frank on the chopping block. The most notable Choice Act provision is a so-called regulatory “off ramp,” which would free an institution from regulatory scrutiny if it holds 10 percent of its assets in reserve to cover potential losses — regardless of the bank’s size or the complexity of its business. As it stands, Dodd-Frank creates tiered regulation for financial institutions and oversees large non-banking financial institutions such as giant insurance firms. The largest banks must complete “stress tests” to ensure they can withstand an economic downturn and have a plan for liquidation in the event of a major failure. The new one-size-fits-all regulation would make compliance simpler and be less costly for banks to comply with, supporters say. But Dodd-Frank backers and regulators doubt whether the 10-percent-reserve cushion would be large enough to prevent another crisis should some of the largest U.S. banks fail. Federal Reserve Gov. Daniel Tarullo said at a Wall Street Journal event in July that the “10 percent number would have to be substantially higher to have regulators comfortable that there were not substantial safety and soundness considerations.” Reviews of Dodd-Frank have found it has had a positive effect on bank safety and the economy, with few significant downsides. A 2015 Government Accountability Office study found an “increase in compliance burden” for smaller banks and credit unions but also concluded that “the act has had little effect on the funding costs of these companies and may be associated with improvements in some measures of their safety and soundness.” Another GAO report issued late last year that the regulatory structure that Dodd-Frank builds upon “has contributed to the overall growth and stability in the U.S. economy.” Auditors did find “inefficiencies in regulatory processes” due to overlap and fragmentation that predated Dodd-Frank and are still persistent in the regulatory structure. Don't miss another Business investigation: Sign up for the Center for Public Integrity's Watchdog email. The banking caucus Economic stability and improved bank safety haven’t stopped supporters of the Choice Act from moving forward with tearing down Dodd-Frank. The bill was introduced in September by Rep. Jeb Hensarling, a Texas Republican who is a deregulation crusader and friend of Vice President Mike Pence; Pence represented Indiana in the House from 2001 to 2013 and was a critic of Dodd-Frank when the law passed in 2010. “This so-called financial reform bill will kill jobs,” Pence said in a statement days after Dodd-Frank passed. Hensarling managed Pence’s unsuccessful campaign for House minority leader in 2006. When Pence left Congress to become governor of Indiana, Hensarling invoked scripture in a farewell speech from the House floor. “Mike Pence is my friend that sticketh closer than a brother,” Hensarling said. In November, Hensarling told members of the Exchequer Club in Washington, a group of professionals from trade associations, regulatory agencies and the financial industry, that “there has been a fairly constant dialogue with the Trump transition team about the Choice Act.” Hensarling is a member of the so-called “banking caucus,” a group of lawmakers the Center for Public Integrity identified in 2014 as having close ties to the financial industry and having received some of the largest campaign contributions from banks. Along with Hensarling, three of the five Republican cosponsors of the Choice Act also were members of the banking caucus: Sean Duffy from Wisconsin, Blaine Luetkemeyer from Missouri and Scott Garrett from New Jersey, who lost his 2016 re-election bid. Two other sponsors of the bill were Reps. Bill Huizenga, R-Mich., and now-retired Randy Neugebauer, R-Texas. As chairman of the House Financial Services Committee, Hensarling is the ringleader. For years, he has tried to unwind Dodd-Frank and end what he calls the “regulatory waterboarding” of the financial sector. “I will not rest until Dodd-Frank is ripped out by its roots and tossed on the trash heap of history,” Hensarling told American Bankers Association members last year. Over the course of their careers, Hensarling and the three cosponsors who are included in the banking caucus have raised more than $2.8 million from commercial banks, $4 million from securities and investment firms, and $3 million from insurance companies, according to the Center for Responsive Politics. The financial sector is Hensarling’s top campaign donor. Since first coming to Congress in 2002, commercial banks have given Hensarling more than $1.35 million in contributions, just behind the insurance industry ($1.4 million) and the securities and investment industry ($1.41 million), according to the Center for Responsive Politics. Hensarling’s take from the financial industry dwarfs his colleagues. On average, active House members have received about $162,000 from the financial sector. Among Hensarling’s top donors are the nation’s two-largest banks — JPMorgan Chase & Co. and Bank of America Corp. — and the fourth largest, Wells Fargo & Co. Commercial banks gave $390,150 to Hensarling’s campaign committee and leadership PAC for his 2016 re-election campaign, behind only the insurance industry ($430,850) and securities and investment firms ($414,945). Hensarling’s office confirmed he plans to re-introduce the Choice Act in this Congress. Financial institutions gave similar amounts to the other banking caucus members who sponsored the Choice Act. In 2016, insurance, commercial banks, and securities and investment firms combined to contribute $658,754 to Duffy, $899,077 to Luetkemeyer and $571,755 to Garrett. Huizenga, another sponsor of the bill, has received over $1 million from the financial industry since he was first elected in 2009, and sponsor Neugebauer, who retired from Congress last year, collected over $1.8 million since 2001. Waiting in the Senate is Sen. Mike Crapo, R-Utah, who took over the Senate Banking Committee this session. He has collected over $3 million from the financial industry since first coming to Congress in 1991, including top donor JPMorgan Chase. One of the trade groups that has given mightily to the banking caucus is the Consumer Bankers Association, which counts Bank of America, Wells Fargo, Citigroup and Chase as members. The group gave more than $400,000 to political campaigns in 2016 according to data collected from the Center for Responsive Politics. The Choice Act presents “a chance to look at [Dodd-Frank] to ensure it will be good for banks and consumers,” said Richard Hunt, president and chief executive officer of the association. Financial Services Committee Ranking Member Maxine Waters, D-Calif., is less enthused. “This bill is so bad that it simply cannot be fixed,” she said during a committee session discussing the bill. “It’s clear that this is a rushed, partisan messaging tool.” ‘Sea change at the CFPB’ The Choice Act also targets the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau, which Dodd-Frank established to protect consumers from “unfair, deceptive or abusive practices” of the financial sector, according to the law. But Hensarling believes the agency is an example of government run amok, claiming the CFPB has “infringed on the economic freedoms of consumers.” That sentiment, along with Trump’s election win, “will result in a sea change at the CFPB,” said Alan Kaplinsky, who leads the Consumer Financial Services Group at the law firm Ballard Spahr. “There’s a lot of discontent among the companies that are regulated and supervised and who have become the target of the CFPB.” The most likely change would replace the CFPB’s individual director, appointed by the president and confirmed by the Senate, with a five-member commission that would have three Republicans during the Trump administration. The panel would be subject to congressional oversight and appropriations. Bank executives and their allies in Congress say the agency’s current director — former Ohio Attorney General Richard Cordray, a controversial Obama appointment initially made during a congressional recess and confirmed by the Senate only 18 months later — has too much power and is unaccountable to Congress. CFPB crackdowns on practices the agency deems “abusive” have led some Republicans to charge that the agency is straying from enforcement into advocacy. When the CFPB announced new rules regarding the payday-loan industry, which has been charged with targeting low-income individuals with high-interest loans that can trap them in long-term debt, Hensarling fired back at Cordray. “Accountable to no one, he alone decides for all Americans whether they can take out a small-dollar loan to meet emergency needs,” Hensarling said in a press release. The proposed changes to the CFPB, which include repealing the CFPB’s authority to ban products and services that regulators deem abusive, are aimed at reducing what some Congress members believe are controversial actions, like the payday-lending rules. But the agency still should enforce the law under a Republican-led CFPB, Kaplinsky said. “There are plenty of clear cut violations of law that [the CFPB] can target without taking extreme positions where the industry is caught off guard and surprised,” he said. Sens. Mike Lee, R-Utah, and Ben Sasse, R-Neb., wrote a letter to Pence this month urging the administration to fire Cordray. Neugebauer, one of the sponsors of the Choice Act, is said to be Trump’s choice to head the agency. Proponents of reform also say a five-person commission would allow for more industry input in CFPB decision making. Changing the CFPB’s funding source from the Federal Reserve to congressional appropriations also would make the agency more accountable by placing it under the supervision of elected officials in Congress. Or, the change could inject politics into the agency, say CFPB supporters. “What we know about commissions is they tend to be gridlocked,” said Yana Miles, policy counsel at the Center for Responsible Lending, a nonprofit research organization that advocates for fair lending practices. A divided commission may prevent the agency from quickly responding to abusive practices by financial institutions, critics of the proposed structure argue. “It wasn’t that long ago that we saw the waves of predatory lending that nearly destroyed our economy,” Miles said. The CFPB “is the one thing out there standing between consumers and the wild wild west of the days leading up to the crisis.” CFPB critics, nevertheless, have the courts on their side, so far. A three-judge panel of the U.S. Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit ruled last year that the agency’s single-director structure is unconstitutional. The CFPB has asked the full D.C. Circuit to rehear the case. Supporters say the CFPB is accountable to consumers, as illustrated by a record of punishing banks’ wrongdoing. Since opening its doors in 2010, CFPB actions have resulted in more than $11 billion in compensation or debt reduction to consumers. Among its major cases: One of its most high-profile decisions came last year, when the CFPB fined Wells Fargo $100 million for opening accounts without customers’ consent, with another $35 million going to the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency and $50 million to the City and County of Los Angeles. The CFPB brought complaints in 2014 against Corinthian Colleges, a for-profit college accused of overselling the employability of its graduates, and ITT Educational Services, a for-profit institution accused of predatory student lending. On Jan. 18, the CFPB announced a lawsuit against Navient Corp., the nation’s largest student-loan servicer, for “systematically and illegally failing borrowers at every stage of repayment.” The CFPB relied partly on its mandate to prevent abusive practices to pursue the Wells Fargo case, Miles said. Under changes in the Choice Act, “a Wells Fargo situation could pop up again and it would either not be addressed or would take a much longer time to get to it,” Miles said. Related: Banking caucus' total take from the financial sector Not so fast Changing the CFPB may not be so easy, despite Republicans’ control of Congress and a new White House occupant they see as an ally. Sen. Warren, who spearheaded the creation of the agency, warned Hensarling and his colleagues about the CFPB’s importance during a November conference of the Wall Street Journal’s CEO council, a group of influential business leaders. “The Consumer Financial Protection Bureau is doing the people’s business. And it has its own fan club out there: It’s got the people it’s working for,” Warren said. “You try to take the legs out from underneath the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau — I think that’s not only a problem for Donald Trump and for the Republicans. I think this is something that the American people will say ‘enough.’” Indeed, 56 percent of Trump voters want the CFPB either left alone (41 percent) or expanded (15 percent), according to a Morning Consult poll conducted in December. Likewise, 71 percent of Republican and Democratic voters said they supported the CFPB, according to a 2016 poll by Lake Research Partners. In addition, Trump, himself a highly-paid business mogul, made Wall Street excess one of the boogeymen of his campaign. He told CBS in a 2015 interview that CEO pay on Wall Street was “a total and complete joke.” Dodd-Frank instituted a policy known as “clawback,” which allows regulators to penalize executives who take home bonuses based on accounting fraud, and implemented say-on-pay rules designed to allow employees to have more input in the compensation of their bosses on Wall Street. Trump said hedge-fund managers were “getting away with murder” on taxes and talked of closing the carried interest loophole that allows income from hedge-fund profits to be taxed at a lower rate than most forms of income. He and the Republican platform called for a new Glass-Steagall Act to separate banks’ risky investments from customer’s deposits, something Warren and Sen. John McCain, R-Ariz., proposed in 2015. Trump’s nominee for Treasury Department secretary, Steven Mnuchin, offered tentative support for “a 21st-century version” of Glass-Steagall during his confirmation hearing. Still, Trump’s position, like on so many others, can change. A look at who has run his transition teams and his appointments may signal where policy is really headed. And by that measure, the future doesn’t look promising for Dodd-Frank. Trump’s transition team on financial regulation has been led by Paul Atkins, CEO of the financial services consulting firm Patomak Global Partners. Atkins is a former commissioner of the Securities and Exchange Commission and a deregulation advocate who called Dodd-Frank a “calamity” in 2011 when testifying before the Senate Committee on Banking, Housing and Urban Affairs. A Trump administration also will include financiers. Mnuchin, senior adviser Steve Bannon and director of the National Economic Council Gary Cohn all currently or previously worked for Goldman Sachs. Commerce Department Secretary nominee Wilbur Ross is a billionaire investor who in 2010 called “government intervention” one of the biggest problem for investors. In May, Trump told Reuters he would release a plan to overhaul Dodd-Frank. “Dodd-Frank has made it impossible for bankers to function,” Trump said at the time, even as banks have reported increasing profits year over year since the passage of Dodd-Frank. Trump’s plan has not yet been released. Clarification, 2:20 p.m., Feb., 1 2017: An earlier version of this story attributed the "growth and stability in the U.S. economy" to Dodd-Frank, but the GAO report concluded the overall financial regulatory structure that Dodd-Frank built on contributed to the growth and stability. Related: Dodd-Frank on the chopping block This story is part of Finance. The latest investigations about U.S. financial reform, corporate accountability and consumer finance. Click here to read more stories in this investigation. Related stories Meet the Banking Caucus, Wall Street's secret weapon in Washington Republicans adopt more nuanced fight against Wall St. reform law Newsmaker interview: Warren says Congress should hold car dealers to same rules as other lenders Funding already flowing to new consumer agency, Fed chief says Reform Reading: 500 lobbyists' meetings and counting Reform Reading: CRS outlines tools to slow down Dodd-Frank Law Copyright 2017 The Center for Public Integrity. This story was published by The Center for Public Integrity, a nonprofit, nonpartisan investigative news organization in Washington, D.C. Reblog Share Tweet Pin it Share What to Read Next In Donald Trump’s White House, Female Staffers Must ‘Dress Like Women’ 2819 messages6%67%27% Get a $100 AT&T Visa® Reward Card DIRECTVSponsored Lady Gaga Remains Mysterious on Super Bowl Halftime Show Details 6 messages0%60%40% Trump Supporter Fired Over Twitter Exchange With Patton Oswalt 4005 messages5%60%35% #2 of 10 Most Popular News Galleries of 2016: 9/11: Then and now - 15 years later 1135 messages5%58%37% With DIRECTV, They'll Be Back. DIRECTV for BUSINESS™Sponsored Former Giants Kicker Josh Brown Speaks Out After Domestic Abuse Allegations Quadruple Homicide of Washington Family Is ‘Not a Random Act,’ Police Say 153 messages4%67%29% New Israeli Settlements 'May Not Be Helpful' in Achieving Peace With Palestinians, White House Says 230 messages4%71%25% The New Face of Marijuana Investing MONEY MORNINGSponsored How This Woman Got Her Bubble Butt 82 messages7%68%25% #8 of 10 Most Popular News Galleries of 2016: Deadly attack at Istanbul's Ataturk Airport 1007 messages9%20%71% Free Speech Questions After Canceled Milo Yiannopoulos UC Berkeley Event 4 messages0%78%22% Wall Street "Poster Boy" Makes A Big Prediction Banyan HillSponsored This Man Slays Walking in Heels Like No Other 89 messages1%72%27% Beyoncé's full pregnancy photoshoot has landed and it's insane 920 messages6%60%34% House Democrats demand Trump boot Bannon from NSC r: Want to know what happens next? Dems will oppose the next thing President Trump does, Shumer and Cummings will put in their input. There will be protesters, not knowing what exactly they are protesting, someone will be called racist or sexist, the comment boards will have someone talking about the popular vote, then someone will say we will treat Trump the same way Obama was treated, the left owned biased media will try to discredit anything Trump does and Democrats will take it as gospel! Join the Conversation 1 / 5 7.9k Help Privacy Suggestions About our Ads Terms
Hot Topics: Neil Gorsuch nomination Smucker's in Longmont Laura Kriho JCC bomb threat Sex assault sentencing News tips Print   Email   Font Resize Boulder won't divest from pipeline funder Chase, but may ditch bank in near future By Alex Burness Staff Writer Posted:   01/31/2017 10:20:15 PM MST Updated:   02/01/2017 09:38:45 AM MST Protesters against the construction of the Dakota Access Pipeline block a highway in near Cannon Ball, N.D., on Oct. 26, 2016. (James MacPherson / Associated Press) EDITOR'S NOTE: This story has been updated to correct the title of Bob Eichem, the chief financial adviser in the Boulder City Manager's Office. The Boulder City Council on Tuesday decided the city should not sever ties now with JP Morgan Chase — one of the banks funding controversial pipeline construction in North Dakota — but instead investigate making a switch later this year. Boulder typically bids out its banking services every five to seven years, and hasn't done so since 2009 — five years after Chase became the city's bank. Bob Eichem, chief financial adviser to the city manager, told the council during Tuesday's study session that Boulder is "overdue" to reissue that bid. "It sounds like we have a (request for proposals) coming," Councilman Sam Weaver said. "I would like to see that come as quickly as possible." His colleagues generally supported that urgency, and the group agreed that city financial staff should investigate banks that do not invest in fossil fuels but can handle the city's banking needs. It's unclear, though, whether there is any institution that is large enough to handle the city's hundreds of thousands of annual transactions, among other banking needs, and that also shares Boulder's stance against fossil fuels. In September, Amalgamated Bank became the first North American bank to vow to divest from supporting fossil fuels and instead invest in a clean energy transition. The city will look into whether there are others that have followed suit since, or may follow suit. Advertisement The bid later this month "could find that out," Eichem said, adding, "and we would then find out on our side how many services they could provide, what kind of cybersecurity they have. ... Are they able to handle the complexity of the processing and transactions and things that we have?" The council entered Tuesday's session — which was well attended by opponents of the proposed Bakken and Dakota Access pipeline projects that prompted the discussion — with a dilemma. In December, the council approved a resolution in support of the Standing Rock Sioux and allies who have for months protested the pipeline. The resolution condemned what the council called a "militarized and disproportionate response" from law enforcement agents who have arrested more than 600 protesters to date. The tribe "should have the ability to protect their lands, people, waters and sacred places from this destructive pipeline," the resolution read. The council also called on the government to "take swift and meaningful action" against the pipeline. One way Boulder can take that action locally is to break from a bank that's helping fund the $3.7 billion project. But doing so would throw city financial services into a temporary disarray, Eichem said. "Twenty years ago, it was very easy to change banks," the finance director added Tuesday. "That is no longer true." City staff recommended the council support staying idle for now, then re-evaluating options through a competitive bid — a suggestion the council agreed with at its study session. "We should definitely send a message about social responsibility — something that is critical to our community," Councilwoman Jan Burton said. Councilwoman Mary Young said: "I think that the Dakota Access Pipeline is something that would do a lot of harm and it's right squarely within our values to go elsewhere. "Yes, (divestment) might be really difficult, but nothing ever worth doing is easy." After Young finished her remarks, the crowd, which did not get to speak because there was no public hearing on Tuesday, erupted in cheers. Throughout the discussion, two men held up a large banner reading "City of Boulder DEFUND DAPL." Outside of the City Council chambers, another man set up an artistic display featuring a pipeline and various fake animals covered in oil. Much of the council's conversation centered on the general difficulty of ethical consumerism. If the city moves to a new bank that opposes the pipeline, they asked, how can it ensure that bank doesn't also support the production of assault weapons or tobacco, for instance? "There's a big conversation happening in the world about, how do we have the money move towards the things we want to support?" Mayor Suzanne Jones said. "How can we be a productive part of that conversation?" Councilman Matt Appelbaum said that if the city were to lay out, say, 10 moral priorities, it's unlikely any bank would side with Boulder on all of them. "We're probably going to disagree with everybody on one of 10 things," he added. "I think that's going to be inevitable." Alex Burness: 303-473-1389, burnessa@dailycamera.com or twitter.com/alex_burness Print   Email   Font ResizeReturn to Top   RELATED MORE RELATED HEADLINES Louisville's Dream Chaser makes big-screen appearance in 'The Space Between Us' CU reaches agreement to buy power from Boulder should city form utility Boulder County's bout of freezing drizzle no fluke event   BOCOPREPS (Adam Berry) BUFFZONE Are car keys a thing of the past? The furor over General Motors' deadly ignition switch has the potential to doom the car key, a technology drivers have been using for 65 years. Full Story These 4 Americans defected to North Korea in the 1960s You'll be surprised by how cheap this iconic igloo is selling for in Alaska Chinese birth tourism goes stateside Buffzone BUFFZONE (Matt York / Associated Press) BUFFZONE College footballCU football: Buffs reeling from first blowout loss Turnovers, sacks allowed pile up in defeats After many of Colorado's Pac-12 losses over the years, there was a helpless feeling coming from the Buffaloes. Full Story CU football: Buffs bedeviled by Arizona State, mistakes in 48-23 loss CU football: Buffs searching for a spark at Arizona State CU football: Ryan Severson ready to step in at linebacker SECOND STORY GARAGE SECOND STORY GARAGE Second Story Garage: Bandits Boulder is pretty good at producing rock bands, and by "rock," we mean the in-your-face, guitar-heavy, leather-clad variety — you know, the good kind. For a prime example, look no farther than BANDITS. Full Story Second Story Garage: EOTO Second Story Garage: TAUK Second Story Garage: Dirty Bourbon River Show Local & National Video The Bottom Line Celebrities Culture Oddities Comedy Good News Comics Games Advice Polls Blogs ‹› Privacy Policy  |  Terms of Use  |  MNG Corporate Site Map  |  Copyright
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy   Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance UNITIL Corporation - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for UNITIL Corporation with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Sony Corp Ord (SNE) Announces Quarterly Earnings Results, Misses Expectations By $0.25 EPS Swiss National Bank Sells 2,000 Shares of AeroVironment, Inc. (AVAV) Swiss National Bank Has $885,000 Position in Lumber Liquidators Holdings, Inc (LL) Swiss National Bank Continues to Hold Position in Triple-S Management Corporation (GTS) Moelis & Company (MC) Position Held by Swiss National Bank Swiss National Bank Reduces Stake in OM Asset Management PLC (OMAM) Artemis Investment Management LLP Boosts Position in Spirit Airlines, Inc. (SAVE) Equity Investment Corp Acquisition Inc Invests $51,065,000 in Annaly Capital Management Inc (NLY) Lear Corporation (LEA) Position Reduced by Artemis Investment Management LLP Chiron Investment Management LLC Takes Position in Akamai Technologies, Inc. (AKAM) Fitbit, Inc. (FIT) Given “Outperform” Rating at Oppenheimer Holdings, Inc. Plantronics, Inc. (PLT) Given a $63.00 Price Target at Roth Capital Arch Coal, Inc. Class A’s (ARCH) Buy Rating Reaffirmed at FBR & Co National Oilwell Varco’s (NOV) Hold Rating Reaffirmed at RBC Capital Markets NVIDIA Corporation (NVDA) Price Target Increased to $124.00 by Analysts at Royal Bank Of Canada Group 1 Automotive, Inc. (GPI) Coverage Initiated by Analysts at Susquehanna Commerzbank Ag (CBK) PT Set at €7.50 by RBC Capital Markets Ffcm LLC Buys New Stake in Weingarten Realty Investors (WRI) Marathon Petroleum Corporation (MPC) Stake Cut by Cadence Capital Management LLC Progressive Corporation (The) (PGR) Position Lowered by Cadence Capital Management LLC UNITIL Corporation (UTL) Given $44.00 Average Target Price by Brokerages January 31st, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Trevor Kearing Filed Under: Finance - Zacks Consensus Ratings Tweet UNITIL Corporation (NYSE:UTL) has been given a consensus broker rating score of 3.00 (Hold) from the one analysts that cover the company, Zacks Investment Research reports. One analyst has rated the stock with a hold recommendation. Brokerages have set a one year consensus target price of $44.00 for the company and are anticipating that the company will post $0.72 EPS for the current quarter, according to Zacks. Zacks has also assigned UNITIL Corporation an industry rank of 88 out of 265 based on the ratings given to its competitors. Separately, Zacks Investment Research upgraded UNITIL Corporation from a “hold” rating to a “strong-buy” rating and set a $46.00 target price for the company in a report on Wednesday, October 26th. Institutional investors have recently made changes to their positions in the stock. Monarch Partners Asset Management LLC boosted its position in shares of UNITIL Corporation by 13.0% in the third quarter. Monarch Partners Asset Management LLC now owns 115,410 shares of the company’s stock valued at $4,508,000 after buying an additional 13,300 shares during the last quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. boosted its position in shares of UNITIL Corporation by 14.0% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 134,684 shares of the company’s stock valued at $5,261,000 after buying an additional 16,532 shares during the last quarter. Hennessy Advisors Inc. boosted its position in shares of UNITIL Corporation by 16.9% in the third quarter. Hennessy Advisors Inc. now owns 69,698 shares of the company’s stock valued at $2,722,000 after buying an additional 10,100 shares during the last quarter. Horizon Investment Services LLC boosted its position in shares of UNITIL Corporation by 6.1% in the third quarter. Horizon Investment Services LLC now owns 17,779 shares of the company’s stock valued at $694,000 after buying an additional 1,019 shares during the last quarter. Finally, Bank of New York Mellon Corp boosted its position in shares of UNITIL Corporation by 1.5% in the third quarter. Bank of New York Mellon Corp now owns 149,134 shares of the company’s stock valued at $5,825,000 after buying an additional 2,192 shares during the last quarter. Institutional investors and hedge funds own 59.51% of the company’s stock. TRADEMARK VIOLATION WARNING: This report was originally posted by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are accessing this report on another publication, it was illegally stolen and republished in violation of international trademark & copyright laws. The original version of this report can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/01/31/unitil-corporation-utl-given-44-00-average-target-price-by-brokerages.html. UNITIL Corporation (NYSE:UTL) opened at 45.77 on Friday. UNITIL Corporation has a one year low of $35.37 and a one year high of $46.98. The company has a 50-day moving average of $45.30 and a 200 day moving average of $41.97. The firm has a market cap of $643.53 million, a P/E ratio of 24.42 and a beta of 0.15. The business also recently disclosed a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Tuesday, February 28th. Stockholders of record on Tuesday, February 14th will be paid a $0.36 dividend. This represents a $1.44 annualized dividend and a dividend yield of 3.15%. The ex-dividend date is Friday, February 10th. This is a boost from UNITIL Corporation’s previous quarterly dividend of $0.36. UNITIL Corporation’s dividend payout ratio (DPR) is presently 75.53%. About UNITIL Corporation Unitil Corporation (Unitil) is a public utility holding company. The Company is engaged in the local distribution of electricity and natural gas to customers throughout its service territories in the states of New Hampshire, Massachusetts and Maine. It operates through three segments: utility gas operations, utility electric operations and non-regulated. Get a free copy of the Zacks research report on UNITIL Corporation (UTL) For more information about research offerings from Zacks Investment Research, visit Zacks.com Receive News & Ratings for UNITIL Corporation Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for UNITIL Corporation and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Trump Cancels Harley-Davidson Trip Due to Possible Protests White House Appears to Pull Back on Part of Policy on Vetting President Trump’s Labor Secretary Choice Outsourced Jobs President Trump Agenda: Border Wall and Sanctuary Cities White House Says President Trump Will Not Release His Tax Returns © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact US Privacy Policy Staff Daily Email Updates Headlines Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Investing Pan American Silver Corp. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Pan American Silver Corp. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Recent Posts Fresenius Medical Care AG & Co. KGaA (FME) PT Set at €85.00 by Warburg Research J P Morgan Chase & Co Analysts Give Infineon Technologies AG (IFXA) a €18.00 Price Target J P Morgan Chase & Co Analysts Give Infineon Technologies AG (IFXA) a €18.00 Price Target Macquarie Reiterates €150.00 Price Target for Volkswagen AG (VOW3) TransGlobe Energy (TGL) – Investment Analysts’ Recent Ratings Changes Gap, Inc. (The) (GPS) Short Interest Update General Electric Company (GE) Short Interest Update Oppenheimer Holdings Comments on Graco Inc.’s Q1 2017 Earnings (GGG) Equities Analysts Issue Forecasts for Graco Inc.’s Q1 2017 Earnings (GGG) Zacks: Crown Crafts, Inc. (CRWS) Given Average Recommendation of “Strong Buy” by Brokerages CONSOL Energy Inc. (CNX) Stock Rating Lowered by SunTrust Banks, Inc. Booker Group Plc (BOK) Given “Buy” Rating at Goldman Sachs Group, Inc. (The) Hays plc (HAS) Price Target Raised to GBX 170 Jay Shepard Sells 24,211 Shares of Versartis, Inc. (VSAR) Stock Christopher M. Connor Sells 117,458 Shares of Sherwin-Williams Company (The) (SHW) Stock Neil Smit Sells 133,314 Shares of Comcast Corporation (CMCSA) Stock Delphi Automotive PLC (DLPH) Releases FY17 Earnings Guidance Ingredion Incorporated (INGR) Releases FY17 Earnings Guidance Vantiv, Inc. (VNTV) Releases Quarterly Earnings Results, Beats Estimates By $0.03 EPS Aceto Corporation (ACET) Posts Quarterly Earnings Results, Misses Estimates By $0.08 EPS Connor Clark & Lunn Investment Management Ltd. Boosts Stake in Pan American Silver Corp. (PAAS) Posted by Jacob Kohn on Feb 1st, 2017 // No Comments Tweet Connor Clark & Lunn Investment Management Ltd. increased its stake in Pan American Silver Corp. (NASDAQ:PAAS) (TSE:PAA) by 6.6% during the third quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The institutional investor owned 8,581,190 shares of the company’s stock after buying an additional 534,408 shares during the period. Pan American Silver Corp. comprises about 1.1% of Connor Clark & Lunn Investment Management Ltd.’s investment portfolio, making the stock its 26th largest position. Connor Clark & Lunn Investment Management Ltd. owned 5.64% of Pan American Silver Corp. worth $150,828,000 at the end of the most recent quarter. A number of other hedge funds also recently made changes to their positions in PAAS. Bank of Montreal Can acquired a new stake in Pan American Silver Corp. during the second quarter valued at about $7,327,000. ING Groep NV acquired a new stake in Pan American Silver Corp. during the second quarter valued at about $211,000. Bank of New York Mellon Corp raised its stake in Pan American Silver Corp. by 23.5% in the second quarter. Bank of New York Mellon Corp now owns 52,898 shares of the company’s stock valued at $871,000 after buying an additional 10,080 shares during the period. JPMorgan Chase & Co. raised its stake in Pan American Silver Corp. by 2,653.7% in the second quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 209,337 shares of the company’s stock valued at $3,443,000 after buying an additional 201,735 shares during the period. Finally, Global X Management Co. LLC raised its stake in Pan American Silver Corp. by 142.2% in the second quarter. Global X Management Co. LLC now owns 2,484,344 shares of the company’s stock valued at $40,863,000 after buying an additional 1,458,597 shares during the period. 47.38% of the stock is currently owned by institutional investors and hedge funds. Shares of Pan American Silver Corp. (NASDAQ:PAAS) traded up 4.49% during midday trading on Tuesday, hitting $19.53. 2,050,872 shares of the stock were exchanged. The company’s market capitalization is $2.97 billion. The firm has a 50-day moving average of $16.71 and a 200-day moving average of $17.41. Pan American Silver Corp. has a 1-year low of $6.95 and a 1-year high of $21.59. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY WARNING: This report was first posted by Web Breaking News and is the sole property of of Web Breaking News. If you are viewing this report on another website, it was copied illegally and republished in violation of United States & international trademark & copyright law. The original version of this report can be accessed at http://www.webbreakingnews.com/2017/02/01/connor-clark-lunn-investment-management-ltd-boosts-stake-in-pan-american-silver-corp-paas.html. PAAS has been the topic of a number of analyst reports. Deutsche Bank AG raised shares of Pan American Silver Corp. from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and upped their target price for the stock from $14.50 to $20.00 in a report on Monday, October 3rd. BMO Capital Markets raised shares of Pan American Silver Corp. from a “market perform” rating to an “outperform” rating and upped their target price for the stock from $24.00 to $28.00 in a report on Wednesday, November 16th. Canaccord Genuity initiated coverage on shares of Pan American Silver Corp. in a report on Tuesday, October 25th. They set a “hold” rating and a $17.50 target price on the stock. TD Securities raised shares of Pan American Silver Corp. to a “buy” rating and set a $21.00 target price on the stock in a report on Monday, January 16th. Finally, Zacks Investment Research raised shares of Pan American Silver Corp. from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $18.00 target price on the stock in a report on Friday, November 4th. One research analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, seven have assigned a hold rating and nine have issued a buy rating to the stock. Pan American Silver Corp. presently has an average rating of “Hold” and a consensus target price of $19.76. About Pan American Silver Corp. Pan American Silver Corp. (Pan American) is engaged in the production and sale of silver, gold and base metals including copper, lead and zinc, as well as other related activities, including exploration, extraction, processing, refining and reclamation. The Company’s primary product (silver) is produced in Peru, Mexico, Argentina and Bolivia. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding PAAS? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Pan American Silver Corp. (NASDAQ:PAAS) (TSE:PAA). Receive News & Ratings for Pan American Silver Corp. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Pan American Silver Corp. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter. « Previous BTG Pactual Global Asset Management Ltd Has $5,545,000 Stake in Constellation Brands Inc (STZ) Next » TransCanada Corporation (TRP) Shares Sold by Connor Clark & Lunn Investment Management Ltd. Latest News Nike Suspends Relationship with Maria Sharapova Rob Bironas Ex-Titans Kicker Dies in Car Crash Ron Washington Leaves Texas Rangers Due to an Affair Jonathan Dwyer Falls in Line with Other Banned NFL Players Tony Stewart Case Going to the Grand Jury Oscar Pistorius “Blade Runner” Found Not Guilty of Murder Leave a Reply Click here to cancel reply. Name (Required) Mail (will not be published) (Required) Website   Home Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Headlines Investing © 2006-2017 Web Breaking News.
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy   Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance TJX Companies Inc. (The) - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for TJX Companies Inc. (The) with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Metro Ag (MEO3) PT Set at €38.00 by equinet AG Berenberg Bank Analysts Give SAP SE (SAP) a €94.00 Price Target adidas AG (ADS) PT Set at €166.00 by Kepler Capital Markets Graco Inc. (GGG) Expected to Earn Q1 2017 Earnings of $0.78 Per Share HCA Holdings, Inc. to Post Q1 2017 Earnings of $1.81 Per Share, KeyCorp Forecasts (HCA) IDEX Corporation (IEX) Expected to Earn Q1 2017 Earnings of $0.93 Per Share Olin Corporation (OLN) Hits New 12-Month High After Strong Earnings ContraVir Pharmaceuticals Inc (CTRV) Given Consensus Rating of “Strong Buy” by Brokerages Cesca Therapeutics Inc. (KOOL) Given Consensus Recommendation of “Hold” by Brokerages Zacks: BGC Partners, Inc. (BGCP) Given $14.00 Average Target Price by Analysts Zacks: Orchid Island Capital, Inc. (ORC) Given Average Rating of “Strong Buy” by Analysts Zacks: AC Immune SA (ACIU) Given $23.00 Consensus Target Price by Analysts Royal Bank Of Canada Downgrades E.On Se (EONGY) to Underperform Pagegroup PLC (MPI) Price Target Raised to GBX 490 Diageo plc (DGE) Receives Buy Rating from HSBC Holdings plc Metro Ag (MEO3) Given a €38.00 Price Target at Oddo Securities Overstock.com, Inc. (OSTK) Major Shareholder Sells $15,228,861.84 in Stock Voya Prime Rate Trust (PPR) Declares Monthly Dividend of $0.03 Hanesbrands Inc. (HBI) Posts Quarterly Earnings Results, Misses Estimates By $0.05 EPS UNITIL Corporation (UTL) Announces Quarterly Earnings Results, Beats Estimates By $0.01 EPS CCM Investment Advisers LLC Reduces Stake in TJX Companies, Inc. (The) (TJX) January 31st, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Tyrone Williams Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet CCM Investment Advisers LLC lowered its position in TJX Companies, Inc. (The) (NYSE:TJX) by 0.2% during the third quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The fund owned 5,128 shares of the apparel and home fashions retailer’s stock after selling 10 shares during the period. CCM Investment Advisers LLC’s holdings in TJX Companies, Inc. (The) were worth $383,000 at the end of the most recent reporting period. Other hedge funds also recently made changes to their positions in the company. FMR LLC boosted its stake in shares of TJX Companies, Inc. (The) by 0.7% in the second quarter. FMR LLC now owns 46,045,016 shares of the apparel and home fashions retailer’s stock worth $3,556,057,000 after buying an additional 333,779 shares during the last quarter. BlackRock Institutional Trust Company N.A. boosted its stake in shares of TJX Companies, Inc. (The) by 3.6% in the second quarter. BlackRock Institutional Trust Company N.A. now owns 18,773,971 shares of the apparel and home fashions retailer’s stock worth $1,449,914,000 after buying an additional 652,818 shares during the last quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. boosted its stake in shares of TJX Companies, Inc. (The) by 28.5% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 13,526,285 shares of the apparel and home fashions retailer’s stock worth $1,011,496,000 after buying an additional 2,996,299 shares during the last quarter. BlackRock Fund Advisors boosted its stake in shares of TJX Companies, Inc. (The) by 2.6% in the third quarter. BlackRock Fund Advisors now owns 10,334,613 shares of the apparel and home fashions retailer’s stock worth $772,822,000 after buying an additional 260,401 shares during the last quarter. Finally, Wells Fargo & Company MN boosted its stake in shares of TJX Companies, Inc. (The) by 1.6% in the third quarter. Wells Fargo & Company MN now owns 8,824,457 shares of the apparel and home fashions retailer’s stock worth $659,893,000 after buying an additional 139,311 shares during the last quarter. Institutional investors and hedge funds own 87.50% of the company’s stock. TJX Companies, Inc. (NYSE:TJX) traded up 1.19% during trading on Tuesday, reaching $74.92. 5,027,749 shares of the company’s stock traded hands. TJX Companies, Inc. has a 12 month low of $66.82 and a 12 month high of $83.64. The firm has a market cap of $48.84 billion, a PE ratio of 21.94 and a beta of 0.71. The firm has a 50 day moving average price of $76.03 and a 200-day moving average price of $76.66. TJX Companies, Inc. (The) (NYSE:TJX) last released its earnings results on Tuesday, November 15th. The apparel and home fashions retailer reported $0.91 EPS for the quarter, topping analysts’ consensus estimates of $0.87 by $0.04. TJX Companies, Inc. (The) had a net margin of 7.00% and a return on equity of 53.12%. The firm earned $8.29 billion during the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $8.23 billion. During the same quarter in the previous year, the business earned $0.86 EPS. The business’s quarterly revenue was up 6.9% compared to the same quarter last year. On average, analysts forecast that TJX Companies, Inc. will post $3.52 earnings per share for the current fiscal year. The company also recently declared a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Thursday, March 2nd. Stockholders of record on Thursday, February 9th will be issued a $0.26 dividend. This represents a $1.04 annualized dividend and a dividend yield of 1.39%. The ex-dividend date is Tuesday, February 7th. TJX Companies, Inc. (The)’s dividend payout ratio (DPR) is 30.41%. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY WARNING: This report was posted by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are reading this report on another publication, it was illegally copied and reposted in violation of U.S. and international trademark & copyright legislation. The original version of this report can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/01/31/ccm-investment-advisers-llc-reduces-stake-in-tjx-companies-inc-the-tjx.html. A number of analysts have recently weighed in on TJX shares. Stifel Nicolaus dropped their price target on TJX Companies, Inc. (The) from $92.00 to $86.00 and set a “buy” rating on the stock in a research report on Wednesday, November 16th. Deutsche Bank AG increased their price objective on TJX Companies, Inc. (The) from $83.00 to $87.00 and gave the stock a “buy” rating in a report on Wednesday, January 18th. RBC Capital Markets reissued a “buy” rating and issued a $80.00 price objective on shares of TJX Companies, Inc. (The) in a report on Thursday, January 5th. Wedbush increased their price objective on TJX Companies, Inc. (The) from $84.00 to $85.00 and gave the stock an “outperform” rating in a report on Wednesday, November 16th. Finally, J P Morgan Chase & Co reissued an “overweight” rating and issued a $85.00 price objective on shares of TJX Companies, Inc. (The) in a report on Wednesday, October 12th. Four investment analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and twenty-one have issued a buy rating to the company. The stock has an average rating of “Buy” and a consensus price target of $83.25. In other news, EVP Kenneth Canestrari sold 6,701 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction on Tuesday, November 22nd. The shares were sold at an average price of $79.56, for a total value of $533,131.56. Following the completion of the transaction, the executive vice president now owns 64,871 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $5,161,136.76. The sale was disclosed in a document filed with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is available through this link. 0.30% of the stock is owned by insiders. About TJX Companies, Inc. (The) The TJX Companies, Inc (TJX) is an off-price apparel and home fashions retailer in the United States and across the world. The Company operates through four segments: Marmaxx, HomeGoods, TJX Canada and TJX International. T.J. Maxx and Marshalls chains in the United States are collectively the off-price retailer in the United States with a total of approximately 2,163 stores. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding TJX? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for TJX Companies, Inc. (The) (NYSE:TJX). Receive News & Ratings for TJX Companies Inc. (The) Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for TJX Companies Inc. (The) and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Trump Cancels Harley-Davidson Trip Due to Possible Protests White House Appears to Pull Back on Part of Policy on Vetting President Trump’s Labor Secretary Choice Outsourced Jobs President Trump Agenda: Border Wall and Sanctuary Cities White House Says President Trump Will Not Release His Tax Returns © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Finance BI Intelligence Events Trending Tech Insider Finance Politics Strategy Life Sports Video All × From To You have successfully emailed the post. × 
     

 Bill Clinton, Donald Trump, and Jamie Dimon all agree on a little-known tax that pays poor people Chris Weller Jan. 29, 2017, 7:00 AM 14,265 facebook linkedin twitter email print m01229/Flickr There's a kind of income tax that works in reverse. For those who earn below a certain amount — like the poverty line — the government pays them. The US already has a program like this that benefits millions, and President Donald Trump has proposed expanding it. The idea is called a Negative Income Tax (NIT) and versions have helped fight poverty and improve health. Business leaders such as JPMorganChase CEO Jamie Dimon believe it could be an answer as more jobs become automated by technology. How it's applied today The largest example of NIT is the Earned Income Tax Credit (EITC), which serves 27 million working families in the US. It was started in 1975, under President Gerald Ford, expanded once by President Reagan, and expanded further by President Clinton. The EITC functions like a big tax refund. If a family makes below a certain amount each year, the government will refund the tax that was withheld plus an additional amount. President Trump wants to increase the EITC for couples making under $64,400 a year (or individuals earning below $31,200) to help low-income parents spend on childcare, up to a certain point. Families will also be able to deposit some of that money into a special account, which the government will match up to $1,000 annually. Kevin Lamarque/Reuters But it's still important for government "to have eggs in other baskets" when solving poverty, rather than relying exclusively on the EITC, says Russ Whitehurst, senior fellow of economics studies at the Brookings Institution. "Education programs that increase skill levels among the working-age population have, to date in human history, paid a consistent dividend in the form of higher overall economic activity," Whitehurst tells Business Insider. A hypothetical NIT, courtesy of the 1960s Milton Friedman, the influential University of Chicago economist, started talking about NIT in 1968. He saw it as a way to help people economically without reducing their incentive to work. He proposed a hypothetical. Let's say the lowest income someone could pay tax on was $3,000. For everyone who makes below that, Friedman said the government should give them 50% of the amount between the actual income and the cutoff. So if you earned $2,000, you'd get half of the $1,000 difference, or $500. If you earned nothing that year, you'd get $1,500. In other words, a family could never earn less than half the threshold, but it also couldn't earn the threshold itself or higher. Friedman said this was essential, because if people could earn the baseline or higher, they'd have little incentive to work at all. Planning for a future of automated work The idea resurfaced this year at the World Economic Forum, in Davos, Switzerland, with elites and leaders taking to the idea because robotic automation now looms over a growing number of jobs. Governments may need to find ways to supplement people's wages when employers no longer require the employee's specific type of work. "I think negative income tax is a big solution for the low-skilled, to give people a living wage and the dignity of a job," JP Morgan Chase CEO Jamie Dimon said at a private lunch during the event. Dimon's vision of the near future is different from how most of us think about earning an income. JP Morgan Chase CEO Jamie Dimon. Getty/Win McNamee In the current system, people earn an income based largely on what skills they can sell in the labor market. Doctors make more than baristas because medicine requires a greater set of skills and draws from a smaller pool of candidates relative to making coffee. As more jobs become automated, that dynamic could change. More people might work part-time and rely on supplemental income to reach a living wage. "Maybe one day we'll all be working four days a week and not five or six days a week," Dimon said. "In fact, I think in Europe they're already down to four days a week." However, the more jobs are automated, the less something like NIT would necessarily help people, says Jesse Rothstein, an economist at UC Berkeley. "Even the existing EITC doesn't get people to a livable wage," he tells Business Insider. "So you'd need something much more generous to make up for the fact you're only asking people to work two days a week, and to make that a livable amount of money." An alternative idea is universal basic income — a regular, livable wage paid to every citizen, working or not. Basic income is more extreme than NIT; advocates often take issue with the initial work requirement Friedman took for granted. Sam Altman, president of Silicon Valley's biggest startup accelerator, Y Combinator, has said it asks too much of people to keep working full-time (or at all) if machines already produce enough wealth to get divvied up. "There's this very deep-seated American ideal that work is valuable for its own sake, and there is some truth to that," Altman says. "But I don't think work is the only way to get a sense of being needed and community and fulfillment." SEE ALSO: At a private lunch in Davos, Jamie Dimon was asked about the elephant in the room DON'T MISS: Trump's tax plan is giving realtors and nonprofits something to worry about SEE ALSO: There's another way people in expensive cities are 'penalized,' and they might not know it NOW WATCH: Here's a month-by-month timeline of the best time to buy almost anything in 2017 Loading video... More: BI Innovation Negative Income Tax Basic Income Milton Friedman Sam Altman Davos World Economic Forum facebook linkedin twitter email print × Recommended For You Powered by Sailthru Bill Clinton, Donald Trump, and Jamie Dimon all agree on a little-known tax that pays poor people Bill Clinton, Donald Trump, and Jamie Dimon all agree on a little-known tax that pays poor people There's a kind of income tax that works in... JOBS REPORT LIVE 4:44:26 Recommended For You Disclaimer Featured How this astronaut overcame failure and rejection to land his dream job More "Idea Factory" » We just created the best Google Chrome extension on the market for latest news headlines More "BI Innovations" » Finance Emails & Alerts Get the best of Business Insider delivered to your inbox every day. Sign-Up Letter to My Younger Self Hockey great 'King Henrik' Lundqvist on growing up in a tiny Swedish town and his dad's advice to 'dream big' Read Lundqvist's letter to his teenage self » Read Business Insider On The Go Available on iOS or Android Find A Job Tech Jobs C-Level Jobs Media Jobs Design Jobs Finance Jobs Sales Jobs See All Jobs » Thanks to our partners Follow us on: Also check out: * Copyright © 2017 Business Insider Inc. All rights reserved. Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. Disclaimer Commerce Policy Made in NYC Stock quotes by finanzen.net International Editions: UK DE AUS ID IN MY SG PL SE NL FR IT JP
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy   Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance NetEase Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for NetEase Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Metro Ag (MEO3) PT Set at €38.00 by equinet AG Berenberg Bank Analysts Give SAP SE (SAP) a €94.00 Price Target adidas AG (ADS) PT Set at €166.00 by Kepler Capital Markets Graco Inc. (GGG) Expected to Earn Q1 2017 Earnings of $0.78 Per Share HCA Holdings, Inc. to Post Q1 2017 Earnings of $1.81 Per Share, KeyCorp Forecasts (HCA) IDEX Corporation (IEX) Expected to Earn Q1 2017 Earnings of $0.93 Per Share Olin Corporation (OLN) Hits New 12-Month High After Strong Earnings ContraVir Pharmaceuticals Inc (CTRV) Given Consensus Rating of “Strong Buy” by Brokerages Cesca Therapeutics Inc. (KOOL) Given Consensus Recommendation of “Hold” by Brokerages Zacks: BGC Partners, Inc. (BGCP) Given $14.00 Average Target Price by Analysts Zacks: Orchid Island Capital, Inc. (ORC) Given Average Rating of “Strong Buy” by Analysts Zacks: AC Immune SA (ACIU) Given $23.00 Consensus Target Price by Analysts Royal Bank Of Canada Downgrades E.On Se (EONGY) to Underperform Pagegroup PLC (MPI) Price Target Raised to GBX 490 Diageo plc (DGE) Receives Buy Rating from HSBC Holdings plc Metro Ag (MEO3) Given a €38.00 Price Target at Oddo Securities Overstock.com, Inc. (OSTK) Major Shareholder Sells $15,228,861.84 in Stock Voya Prime Rate Trust (PPR) Declares Monthly Dividend of $0.03 Hanesbrands Inc. (HBI) Posts Quarterly Earnings Results, Misses Estimates By $0.05 EPS UNITIL Corporation (UTL) Announces Quarterly Earnings Results, Beats Estimates By $0.01 EPS NetEase, Inc. (NTES) Position Decreased by Boston Private Wealth LLC January 31st, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Tyrone Williams Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Boston Private Wealth LLC cut its position in NetEase, Inc. (NASDAQ:NTES) by 6.1% during the third quarter, according to its most recent Form 13F filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). The fund owned 13,863 shares of the company’s stock after selling 907 shares during the period. Boston Private Wealth LLC’s holdings in NetEase were worth $3,338,000 as of its most recent SEC filing. Several other hedge funds also recently modified their holdings of the company. DUPONT CAPITAL MANAGEMENT Corp raised its stake in NetEase by 1.7% in the second quarter. DUPONT CAPITAL MANAGEMENT Corp now owns 221,349 shares of the company’s stock valued at $42,769,000 after buying an additional 3,620 shares during the last quarter. Her Majesty the Queen in Right of the Province of Alberta as represented by Alberta Investment Management Corp raised its stake in NetEase by 50.5% in the second quarter. Her Majesty the Queen in Right of the Province of Alberta as represented by Alberta Investment Management Corp now owns 184,958 shares of the company’s stock valued at $35,738,000 after buying an additional 62,070 shares during the last quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. raised its stake in NetEase by 11.8% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 764,542 shares of the company’s stock valued at $184,086,000 after buying an additional 80,555 shares during the last quarter. Sumitomo Mitsui Trust Holdings Inc. raised its stake in NetEase by 68.5% in the second quarter. Sumitomo Mitsui Trust Holdings Inc. now owns 211,298 shares of the company’s stock valued at $40,827,000 after buying an additional 85,926 shares during the last quarter. Finally, Maple Brown Abbott Ltd raised its stake in NetEase by 9.2% in the second quarter. Maple Brown Abbott Ltd now owns 149,716 shares of the company’s stock valued at $28,928,000 after buying an additional 12,670 shares during the last quarter. Institutional investors and hedge funds own 56.26% of the company’s stock. NetEase, Inc. (NASDAQ:NTES) traded up 1.36% during mid-day trading on Tuesday, reaching $253.90. The company’s stock had a trading volume of 453,654 shares. NetEase, Inc. has a 12 month low of $129.60 and a 12 month high of $272.58. The stock’s 50 day moving average is $231.89 and its 200 day moving average is $230.27. The company has a market cap of $33.29 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 22.91 and a beta of 0.69. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION NOTICE: “NetEase, Inc. (NTES) Position Decreased by Boston Private Wealth LLC” was reported by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are viewing this news story on another publication, it was copied illegally and republished in violation of international copyright and trademark law. The legal version of this news story can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/01/31/netease-inc-ntes-position-decreased-by-boston-private-wealth-llc.html. Several research firms have weighed in on NTES. Zacks Investment Research raised shares of NetEase from a “sell” rating to a “hold” rating in a report on Tuesday. Vetr downgraded shares of NetEase from a “buy” rating to a “sell” rating and set a $230.50 price target for the company. in a report on Wednesday, January 11th. Jefferies Group LLC raised shares of NetEase from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $261.00 price target for the company in a report on Monday, November 28th. They noted that the move was a valuation call. Sanford C. Bernstein began coverage on shares of NetEase in a report on Wednesday, January 11th. They set an “underperform” rating and a $200.00 price target for the company. Finally, Brean Capital reissued a “buy” rating on shares of NetEase in a report on Tuesday, December 13th. Three research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, two have issued a hold rating and twelve have assigned a buy rating to the stock. The stock currently has an average rating of “Buy” and an average target price of $255.88. About NetEase NetEase, Inc (NetEase) is a technology company. The Company operates an interactive online community in China and is a provider of Chinese language content and services through its online games, Internet media, e-mail, e-commerce and other businesses. The Company operates through three segments: Online Game Services; Advertising Services, and E-mail, E-commerce and Others. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding NTES? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for NetEase, Inc. (NASDAQ:NTES). Receive News & Ratings for NetEase Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for NetEase Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Trump Cancels Harley-Davidson Trip Due to Possible Protests White House Appears to Pull Back on Part of Policy on Vetting President Trump’s Labor Secretary Choice Outsourced Jobs President Trump Agenda: Border Wall and Sanctuary Cities White House Says President Trump Will Not Release His Tax Returns © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Skip to content MilTech pr@satprnews.com HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Main Menu Sanchez Energy Launches Common Stock Offering 1 February 2017Military News HOUSTON, Jan. 31, 2017 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) — Sanchez Energy Corporation (NYSE:SN) (“Sanchez Energy” or the “Company”), announced today that it intends to commence an underwritten public offering of 10,000,000 shares of the Company’s common stock. The Company expects to grant the underwriter a 30-day option to purchase up to an additional 1,500,000 shares of its common stock. The Company intends to use the net proceeds from this offering for general corporate purposes including working capital.   J.P. Morgan Securities LLC is acting as the book-running manager for the offering.  The offering will be made only by means of a preliminary prospectus supplement and the accompanying base prospectus. An investor may obtain free copies of both the preliminary prospectus supplement and the accompanying base prospectus by visiting EDGAR on the SEC’s website at www.sec.gov. Alternatively, Sanchez or the book-running manager will arrange to send you the preliminary prospectus supplement and the accompanying base prospectus if you request them by contacting J.P. Morgan Securities LLC, via Broadridge Financial Solutions, 1155 Long Island Avenue, Edgewood, New York 11717, by calling toll-free at (866) 803-9204, or by e-mail at prospectus-eq_fi@jpmchase.com. This press release does not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy, nor shall there be any sale of these securities in any state or jurisdiction in which such offer, solicitation or sale would be unlawful. The offering is being made pursuant to an effective registration statement on Form S-3 previously filed by the Company with the Securities and Exchange Commission ABOUT SANCHEZ ENERGY CORPORATION Sanchez Energy Corporation (NYSE:SN) is an independent exploration and production company focused on the acquisition and development of U.S. onshore unconventional oil and natural gas resources, with a current focus on the Eagle Ford Shale in South Texas where we have assembled over 275,000 net acres. For more information about Sanchez Energy Corporation, please visit our website:  www.sanchezenergycorp.com. 
COMPANY CONTACT:
                    Howard J. Thill
                    EVP & Chief Financial Officer
                    (713) 783-8000
                    
                    Kevin Smith
                    VP Investor Relations
                    (281) 925-4828
                    
                    Cham King
                    Investor Relations & Capital Markets
                    (713) 756-2797
                    
                    General Inquiries:  (713) 783-8000
                    www.sanchezenergycorp.com
 /EIN News/ — Posted Under Uncategorized Tagged base Books commission Companies company general Markets officer Uncategorized Post navigation MyPractice9 Announces Major Service Expansion SHAREHOLDER ALERT: Faruqi & Faruqi, LLP Encourages Investors Who Suffered Losses In Excess Of $100,000 Investing In Natus Medical Incorporated To Contact The Firm Before Lead Plaintiff Deadline Search Search for: Partners US Restaurants Copyright © 2017 MilTech. Proudly powered by WordPress. | Theme: Awaken by ThemezHut.
Budget 2017: What's the buzz on North block? - Centre okays Rs 419.56 cr to K'taka under Swachh Bharat Abhiyan Keep your account secure » X Ensure that your correct email id and mobile has been registered with moneycontrol. If not, please update your profile and secure the account now. Updating your email id and mobile number offers following benefits: If someone tries to reset your password, you will be informed immediately Only you will receive email & sms alerts relating to your stocks & overall portfolio Opted-in market updates, news, research reports, will be delivered to you on-time Update your profile now » News Quotes NAVs Commodities Futures News Messages Notices Videos All Search Language App Subscriptions Specials Sign-In Register Santa Claus Logout Hindi Gujrati Profile Portfolio Watchlist Messages Alerts Budget 2017 Presented By: DAYS hours minutes Presented by : Co-Presenting Sponsor : Associate Sponsors : Co-Presenting Sponsor : Associate Sponsors : Budget News markets Mutual Funds commodities Property personal finance portfolio Forum LIVE TV TV18 terminal Best of Budget » Letter to Finance Minister » Expectations » Market Outlook » Flashback » Real Estate » SME Corner » Insurance Corner » Mutual Fund Corner » Budget Poll » Budget Bets » Tease Your Mind » Classroom » Home Business Management Talk Markets Stocks Politics International Tech Lifestyle SME Videos Home » News » Economy Feb 01, 2017, 11.41 AM | Source: CNBC-TV18 Budget 2017: Focus on fiscal consolidation key; skeptical of transaction tax Economist, Jahangir Aziz, Asia Economic Research, JPMorgan thinks the government will stick to the path of fiscal consolidation of around 3.2 to 3.3 percent. Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3 Budget 2017: Focus on fiscal consolidation key; skeptical of transaction tax Economist, Jahangir Aziz, Asia Economic Research, JPMorgan thinks the government will stick to the path of fiscal consolidation of around 3.2 to 3.3 percent. Post Your Comments Share Cancel Jahangir Aziz (more) Asia Economic Research, JP Morgan | Today is government’s D-day, Finance Minister Arun Jaitley will unveil Union Budget 2017 at 11 am.Market is watching is watching with baited breath on what will be the government’s fiscal deficit target, divestmentplans,announcement on the taxation front and a lot more. Minister of State for finance, Santosh Gangwar is of the view government stick to consensus expectations. Speaking to CNBC-TV18 he said all decisions will be made for the benefit of people Economist, Jahangir Aziz, Asia Economic Research, JPMorgan thinks the government will stick to the path of fiscal consolidation of around 3.2 to 3.3 percent. However, he is very skeptical of transaction taxes because he thinks it will mess up transmission process as the intention is to change the economy based on cash transaction to digital transactions. The market will be disappointed if there are changes in the tax structures, said Arvind Sanger of Geosphere Capital. He said the other challenges that the government faces are bad debt, recapitalizing the banking system. There is a fear among investors regarding the possibility of the classification of sshort-termcapital gains as business income. Sanger says that the market will react negatively on this and this is not the time to throw such headwinds at investors. According to Sanger, the biggest challenge for the government is global headwinds- US protectionism, UK leaving European Union (EU). The government, this Budget and beyond that, has to work on how to make India's internal growth robust when global backdrop is not favourable, he said.  Watch accompanying videos for more details. Read more: LIVE UNION BUDGET 2017-18 UPDATES Follow: Moneycontrol Budget Page   Tags  Union Budget 2017 Finance Minister Arun Jaitley D-day Santosh Gangwar Minister of State for finance Santosh Gangwar Jahangir Aziz JPMorgan Buy, Hold, Sell ? Hear it first on M3 Budget 2017: Focus on fiscal consolidation key; skeptical of transaction tax See all Sign in or Login with Username Password Keep me signed in   Forgot password? Don't have an account yet? - Register now news Budget News Top News Budget 2017: Modi-Jaitley star as Sherlock-Watson as newspapers react Budget 2017 had 'shortest list of bad news': Ridham Desai Budget 2017: What's in store for startup founders & their employees Budget allocation to Water Resources Ministry hiked by 11% Budget extends window for startups to avail tax benefits Mixed reaction by aviation, tourism industry experts to Budget Here is what India's Startup CEOs feel about Budget 2017-18 Budget 2017 to bring positive structure to economy: Anil Sardana Union Budget 2017-18: Government is on fast track mode, says Gagan Banga Tobacco farmers disappointed by hike in excise on cigarettes Twitter CEO, staff donate $1.5 mn to fight Trump visa ban Start-ups, FDI to be exempt from new tax on unlisted firms Voting in Punjab tomorrow amid tight security Aircel-Maxis deal: ED moves SC against releasing Marans' assets See all Video of the day Good time to buy stocks; don't step back: Macquarie Explore Moneycontrol STOCKS A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z Others MUTUAL FUNDS A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z Live Sensex Public Sector Banks Market Statistics Plan Insurance Global Market Business News Mutual Fund Best Portfolio Manager Bse Sensex Nse Nifty Commodities Price Silver Price/Rate in India Gold Price/Rate in India Crude Oil USD to INR Bank Fixed Deposits Company Fixed Deposits Small Savings Schemes Bonds Budget: 2011, 2012, 2013, 2014, 2015, 2016 | Budget 2017 RBI Credit Policy News Archive FAQs Financial Glossary Forum Moneybhai Think India History India Latest News IBNLive News News in Hindi Cricket News Paper Peek Exam Special CBSE Sample Papers India News Restaurants in Delhi Online Shopping in India Cairn India Euro Infosys Inflation Silver Glenmark Pharmaceuticals Snapdeal Starbucks Narendra Modi Crore Rss Feeds Site Map  |  About Us  |  Contact Us  |  Feedback  |  Advertise  |  Bookmark  |  Disclaimer  |  Privacy Statement  |  Terms of Use  |  Careers Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited. Login Sign Up Get started using your favorite social network or Login using moneycontrol ID Username Password Need help logging in? Reset password. Don´t have an account? Sign Up Get started using your favorite social network or Simply sign up using this short form * mandatory UserName* Username should be atleast 4 character Password* Password should be 8 or more characters, atleast 1 number, 1 symbol & 1 upper case letter Alert Your Password should contain 8 or more characters At least 1 number At least 1 symbol At least 1 upper case letter Confirm Password* Email Already have an account? Login Register Now Sign In X Name* Enter Alphabets only Email* Enter valid email id Contact No.* Enter 10 digits only City Mumbai Delhi Kolkata Bengaluru Chennai Hyderabad Pune Other Interested in All Confused? use our Compare Brokers feature. Register Now Thank you for registering. Respective broker representative will reach you shortly. sign in
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy   Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Generac Holdlings Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Generac Holdlings Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Nuveen Credit Strategies Income Fund (JQC) Announces Monthly Dividend of $0.05 Nuveen Amt-Free Quality Municpl Incm Fnd (NEA) to Issue $0.06 Monthly Dividend NETGEAR, Inc. (NTGR) Chairman Patrick Cs Lo Sells 9,900 Shares Central Garden & Pet Company (CENT) Issues FY17 Earnings Guidance Buckhead Capital Management LLC Continues to Hold Stake in Kimberly-Clark Corporation (KMB) Fifth Third Bancorp (FITB) Shares Sold by Lazard Asset Management LLC Lazard Asset Management LLC Acquires 28,501 Shares of Huntington Ingalls Industries, Inc. (HII) Lazard Asset Management LLC Has $4,082,000 Stake in Ventas, Inc. (VTR) Lazard Asset Management LLC Acquires 5,095 Shares of Amdocs Limited (DOX) Jacobs Levy Equity Management Inc. Has $17,445,000 Position in Starbucks Corporation (SBUX) DENTSPLY SIRONA Inc. (XRAY) Shares Sold by UBS Group AG Western Union Company (The) (WU) Stake Decreased by UBS Group AG Carol Mills Sells 25,000 Shares of Xactly Corporation (XTLY) Stock Texas Instruments Incorporated (TXN) Chairman Sells $5,722,538.25 in Stock Brooks Automation, Inc. (BRKS) Expected to Earn Q1 2019 Earnings of $0.29 Per Share Q4 2018 EPS Estimates for Zumiez Inc. (ZUMZ) Lowered by William Blair Achaogen Inc to Post FY2021 Earnings of $0.04 Per Share, Wedbush Forecasts (AKAO) Boston Scientific Corporation (BSX) Forecasted to Post FY2020 Earnings of $1.72 Per Share Jefferies Group Weighs in on Credit Acceptance Corporation’s Q4 2018 Earnings (CACC) Invesco Trust for Investment Grade Municipals (VGM) Announces Monthly Dividend of $0.06 Capital Research Global Investors Sells 283,236 Shares of Generac Holdlings Inc. (GNRC) January 31st, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Tyrone Williams Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Capital Research Global Investors cut its position in shares of Generac Holdlings Inc. (NYSE:GNRC) by 4.8% during the third quarter, according to its most recent Form 13F filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). The fund owned 5,594,633 shares of the company’s stock after selling 283,236 shares during the period. Capital Research Global Investors owned about 8.76% of Generac Holdlings worth $203,085,000 as of its most recent filing with the SEC. Several other large investors also recently added to or reduced their stakes in GNRC. Vanguard Group Inc. raised its position in Generac Holdlings by 2.6% in the second quarter. Vanguard Group Inc. now owns 4,796,162 shares of the company’s stock worth $167,675,000 after buying an additional 119,974 shares during the last quarter. Perkins Investment Management LLC increased its position in Generac Holdlings by 23.4% in the third quarter. Perkins Investment Management LLC now owns 2,090,536 shares of the company’s stock worth $75,886,000 after buying an additional 396,265 shares during the period. BlackRock Fund Advisors increased its position in Generac Holdlings by 6.4% in the third quarter. BlackRock Fund Advisors now owns 1,699,595 shares of the company’s stock worth $61,695,000 after buying an additional 101,954 shares during the period. BlackRock Institutional Trust Company N.A. increased its position in Generac Holdlings by 0.7% in the third quarter. BlackRock Institutional Trust Company N.A. now owns 1,642,643 shares of the company’s stock worth $59,628,000 after buying an additional 11,441 shares during the period. Finally, JPMorgan Chase & Co. increased its position in Generac Holdlings by 8.0% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 1,526,504 shares of the company’s stock worth $55,411,000 after buying an additional 112,490 shares during the period. Generac Holdlings Inc. (NYSE:GNRC) traded up 0.95% during mid-day trading on Tuesday, hitting $40.26. The company had a trading volume of 310,889 shares. Generac Holdlings Inc. has a 1-year low of $27.14 and a 1-year high of $43.68. The firm has a market capitalization of $2.57 billion, a PE ratio of 40.14 and a beta of 1.09. The company has a 50 day moving average of $40.61 and a 200 day moving average of $38.29. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY NOTICE: This story was first posted by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are viewing this story on another site, it was illegally stolen and republished in violation of United States & international trademark & copyright laws. The legal version of this story can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/01/31/capital-research-global-investors-sells-283236-shares-of-generac-holdlings-inc-gnrc.html. A number of research analysts have weighed in on GNRC shares. Robert W. Baird set a $46.00 target price on Generac Holdlings and gave the stock a “buy” rating in a report on Thursday, October 27th. Zacks Investment Research upgraded Generac Holdlings from a “strong sell” rating to a “hold” rating in a report on Wednesday, October 5th. Finally, Bank of America Corporation downgraded Generac Holdlings from a “neutral” rating to an “underperform” rating and reduced their target price for the stock from $39.00 to $35.00 in a report on Friday, January 13th. Two equities research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, two have assigned a hold rating and one has assigned a buy rating to the stock. Generac Holdlings currently has an average rating of “Hold” and a consensus target price of $40.25. In other news, EVP Russell S. Minick sold 42,871 shares of Generac Holdlings stock in a transaction that occurred on Monday, December 5th. The shares were sold at an average price of $41.64, for a total transaction of $1,785,148.44. Following the completion of the sale, the executive vice president now owns 60,854 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $2,533,960.56. The transaction was disclosed in a legal filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is accessible through this hyperlink. Also, CFO York A. Ragen sold 26,685 shares of Generac Holdlings stock in a transaction that occurred on Thursday, November 17th. The shares were sold at an average price of $41.25, for a total transaction of $1,100,756.25. Following the sale, the chief financial officer now directly owns 121,246 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $5,001,397.50. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. 2.90% of the stock is owned by company insiders. Generac Holdlings Company Profile Generac Holdings Inc (Generac) is a designer and manufacturer of a range of power generation equipment and other engine powered products. The Company serves the residential, light commercial, industrial, oil and gas, and construction markets. The other engine powered products that the Company designs and manufactures include light towers, which provide temporary lighting for various end markets; commercial and industrial mobile heaters used in the oil and gas, construction and other industrial markets, and a product line of outdoor power equipment for residential and commercial use. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding GNRC? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Generac Holdlings Inc. (NYSE:GNRC). Receive News & Ratings for Generac Holdlings Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Generac Holdlings Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Trump Cancels Harley-Davidson Trip Due to Possible Protests White House Appears to Pull Back on Part of Policy on Vetting President Trump’s Labor Secretary Choice Outsourced Jobs President Trump Agenda: Border Wall and Sanctuary Cities White House Says President Trump Will Not Release His Tax Returns © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact US Privacy Policy Staff Daily Email Updates Headlines Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Investing Stellus Capital Investment Corporation - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Stellus Capital Investment Corporation with our FREE daily email newsletter: Recent Posts Fresenius Medical Care AG & Co. KGaA (FME) PT Set at €85.00 by Warburg Research J P Morgan Chase & Co Analysts Give Infineon Technologies AG (IFXA) a €18.00 Price Target J P Morgan Chase & Co Analysts Give Infineon Technologies AG (IFXA) a €18.00 Price Target Macquarie Reiterates €150.00 Price Target for Volkswagen AG (VOW3) TransGlobe Energy (TGL) – Investment Analysts’ Recent Ratings Changes Gap, Inc. (The) (GPS) Short Interest Update General Electric Company (GE) Short Interest Update Oppenheimer Holdings Comments on Graco Inc.’s Q1 2017 Earnings (GGG) Equities Analysts Issue Forecasts for Graco Inc.’s Q1 2017 Earnings (GGG) Zacks: Crown Crafts, Inc. (CRWS) Given Average Recommendation of “Strong Buy” by Brokerages CONSOL Energy Inc. (CNX) Stock Rating Lowered by SunTrust Banks, Inc. Booker Group Plc (BOK) Given “Buy” Rating at Goldman Sachs Group, Inc. (The) Hays plc (HAS) Price Target Raised to GBX 170 Jay Shepard Sells 24,211 Shares of Versartis, Inc. (VSAR) Stock Christopher M. Connor Sells 117,458 Shares of Sherwin-Williams Company (The) (SHW) Stock Neil Smit Sells 133,314 Shares of Comcast Corporation (CMCSA) Stock Delphi Automotive PLC (DLPH) Releases FY17 Earnings Guidance Ingredion Incorporated (INGR) Releases FY17 Earnings Guidance Vantiv, Inc. (VNTV) Releases Quarterly Earnings Results, Beats Estimates By $0.03 EPS Aceto Corporation (ACET) Posts Quarterly Earnings Results, Misses Estimates By $0.08 EPS Nuveen Fund Advisors LLC Decreases Stake in Stellus Capital Investment Corporation (SCM) Posted by Dave Schultz on Feb 1st, 2017 // No Comments Tweet Nuveen Fund Advisors LLC decreased its stake in Stellus Capital Investment Corporation (NYSE:SCM) by 10.2% during the third quarter, according to its most recent filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission. The fund owned 65,401 shares of the investment management company’s stock after selling 7,468 shares during the period. Nuveen Fund Advisors LLC’s holdings in Stellus Capital Investment Corporation were worth $712,000 at the end of the most recent reporting period. Several other hedge funds and other institutional investors have also bought and sold shares of the company. Lakeview Capital Partners LLC boosted its position in shares of Stellus Capital Investment Corporation by 1.0% in the second quarter. Lakeview Capital Partners LLC now owns 24,290 shares of the investment management company’s stock valued at $246,000 after buying an additional 246 shares in the last quarter. GSA Capital Partners LLP boosted its position in shares of Stellus Capital Investment Corporation by 26.5% in the second quarter. GSA Capital Partners LLP now owns 12,900 shares of the investment management company’s stock valued at $132,000 after buying an additional 2,700 shares in the last quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. boosted its position in shares of Stellus Capital Investment Corporation by 172.2% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 17,257 shares of the investment management company’s stock valued at $188,000 after buying an additional 10,917 shares in the last quarter. Two Sigma Advisers LP boosted its position in shares of Stellus Capital Investment Corporation by 28.5% in the third quarter. Two Sigma Advisers LP now owns 50,000 shares of the investment management company’s stock valued at $545,000 after buying an additional 11,100 shares in the last quarter. Finally, KCG Holdings Inc. purchased a new position in shares of Stellus Capital Investment Corporation during the third quarter valued at about $123,000. 25.54% of the stock is currently owned by hedge funds and other institutional investors. Stellus Capital Investment Corporation (NYSE:SCM) traded up 0.53% during mid-day trading on Tuesday, reaching $13.32. 55,908 shares of the company traded hands. The company’s 50 day moving average price is $12.62 and its 200 day moving average price is $11.52. Stellus Capital Investment Corporation has a 12-month low of $7.15 and a 12-month high of $13.50. The company also recently disclosed a monthly dividend, which will be paid on Wednesday, February 15th. Stockholders of record on Tuesday, January 31st will be issued a dividend of $0.1133 per share. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Friday, January 27th. This represents a $1.36 annualized dividend and a dividend yield of 10.21%. Stellus Capital Investment Corporation’s dividend payout ratio (DPR) is 103.03%. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION WARNING: This piece was published by Web Breaking News and is the sole property of of Web Breaking News. If you are reading this piece on another domain, it was illegally stolen and republished in violation of United States & international copyright and trademark laws. The original version of this piece can be read at http://www.webbreakingnews.com/2017/02/01/nuveen-fund-advisors-llc-decreases-stake-in-stellus-capital-investment-corporation-scm.html. Several research analysts have recently issued reports on the stock. TheStreet upgraded shares of Stellus Capital Investment Corporation from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating in a report on Friday, November 25th. Zacks Investment Research cut shares of Stellus Capital Investment Corporation from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating in a report on Wednesday, October 12th. Four equities research analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and two have assigned a buy rating to the stock. Stellus Capital Investment Corporation presently has an average rating of “Hold” and a consensus price target of $12.00. In other news, insider Robert T. Ladd acquired 3,000 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction dated Wednesday, November 9th. The shares were acquired at an average cost of $11.03 per share, with a total value of $33,090.00. The transaction was disclosed in a filing with the SEC, which is available through this link. 3.80% of the stock is owned by corporate insiders. Stellus Capital Investment Corporation Company Profile Stellus Capital Investment Corporation is a closed-end, non-diversified management investment company. The Company originates and invests primarily in private middle-market companies through first lien, second lien, unitranche and mezzanine debt financing, with corresponding equity co-investments. The Company’s investment objective is to maximize the total return to its stockholders in the form of current income and capital appreciation. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding SCM? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Stellus Capital Investment Corporation (NYSE:SCM). Receive News & Ratings for Stellus Capital Investment Corporation Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Stellus Capital Investment Corporation and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter. « Previous Nuveen Fund Advisors LLC Acquires 3,620 Shares of General Growth Properties, Inc. (GGP) Next » Aspen Technology, Inc. (AZPN) Upgraded to “Buy” at Zacks Investment Research Latest News Nike Suspends Relationship with Maria Sharapova Rob Bironas Ex-Titans Kicker Dies in Car Crash Ron Washington Leaves Texas Rangers Due to an Affair Jonathan Dwyer Falls in Line with Other Banned NFL Players Tony Stewart Case Going to the Grand Jury Oscar Pistorius “Blade Runner” Found Not Guilty of Murder Leave a Reply Click here to cancel reply. Name (Required) Mail (will not be published) (Required) Website   Home Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Headlines Investing © 2006-2017 Web Breaking News.
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy   Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Windstream Holdings Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Windstream Holdings Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Guggenheim Reiterates Neutral Rating for Walt Disney Company (The) (DIS) Semafo Inc. (SMF) Downgraded to “Sector Perform” at Scotiabank AT&T Inc. (T) Shares Sold by Meridian Management Co. Argus Lowers E.I. du Pont de Nemours and Company (DD) to Hold Pepsico, Inc. (PEP) Shares Bought by Intrust Bank NA General Electric Company (GE) Shares Bought by Pegasus Partners Ltd. Oppenheimer & Co. Inc. Has $19,608,000 Position in Pepsico, Inc. (PEP) Cisco Systems, Inc. (CSCO) Shares Sold by Private Harbour Investment Management & Counsel LLC General Electric Company (GE) Position Decreased by Birmingham Capital Management Co. Inc. AL NCM Capital Management Group Inc. Has $386,000 Stake in J P Morgan Chase & Co (JPM) First National Bank Sioux Falls Maintains Stake in Apple Inc. (AAPL) Microsoft Corporation (MSFT) Shares Sold by Peoples Bank OH Alphabet Inc. (GOOGL) Shares Sold by BlackRock Advisors LLC Ryder System, Inc. (R) Given Average Recommendation of “Hold” by Brokerages Accuray Incorporated (ARAY) Given Consensus Recommendation of “Buy” by Brokerages Yamana Gold Inc. (AUY) Given Consensus Rating of “Hold” by Analysts The Hain Celestial Group, Inc. (HAIN) Receives Consensus Recommendation of “Hold” from Analysts Sony Corp Ord (SNE) Announces Quarterly Earnings Results, Misses Expectations By $0.25 EPS Swiss National Bank Sells 2,000 Shares of AeroVironment, Inc. (AVAV) Swiss National Bank Has $885,000 Position in Lumber Liquidators Holdings, Inc (LL) Windstream Holdings Inc (WIN) Shares Bought by Nuveen Fund Advisors LLC January 31st, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Tyrone Williams Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Nuveen Fund Advisors LLC increased its stake in Windstream Holdings Inc (NYSE:WIN) by 22.0% during the third quarter, according to its most recent disclosure with the Securities and Exchange Commission. The firm owned 73,199 shares of the company’s stock after buying an additional 13,188 shares during the period. Nuveen Fund Advisors LLC owned about 0.08% of Windstream Holdings worth $736,000 as of its most recent filing with the SEC. Other hedge funds also recently made changes to their positions in the company. BlackRock Fund Advisors boosted its stake in shares of Windstream Holdings by 28.8% in the second quarter. BlackRock Fund Advisors now owns 5,529,408 shares of the company’s stock valued at $51,258,000 after buying an additional 1,237,004 shares during the period. FMR LLC acquired a new stake in shares of Windstream Holdings during the second quarter valued at $11,139,000. JPMorgan Chase & Co. boosted its stake in shares of Windstream Holdings by 40.9% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 3,361,411 shares of the company’s stock valued at $33,782,000 after buying an additional 975,870 shares during the period. UBS Oconnor LLC acquired a new stake in shares of Windstream Holdings during the second quarter valued at $6,121,000. Finally, Schwab Charles Investment Management Inc. boosted its stake in shares of Windstream Holdings by 100.4% in the second quarter. Schwab Charles Investment Management Inc. now owns 1,090,914 shares of the company’s stock valued at $10,113,000 after buying an additional 546,522 shares during the period. Shares of Windstream Holdings Inc (NYSE:WIN) traded down 0.86% during midday trading on Tuesday, hitting $8.08. 1,242,050 shares of the company traded hands. Windstream Holdings Inc has a 52 week low of $5.22 and a 52 week high of $10.46. The stock has a 50 day moving average of $7.86 and a 200-day moving average of $8.34. The stock’s market capitalization is $776.60 million. Windstream Holdings (NYSE:WIN) last issued its earnings results on Monday, November 7th. The company reported ($0.72) earnings per share for the quarter, missing analysts’ consensus estimates of ($0.47) by $0.25. The business had revenue of $1.34 billion for the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $1.35 billion. The firm’s revenue for the quarter was down 10.2% on a year-over-year basis. During the same period in the previous year, the company earned ($0.08) EPS. Equities analysts forecast that Windstream Holdings Inc will post ($3.36) earnings per share for the current fiscal year. The firm also recently announced a quarterly dividend, which was paid on Tuesday, January 17th. Shareholders of record on Friday, December 30th were given a dividend of $0.15 per share. The ex-dividend date was Wednesday, December 28th. This represents a $0.60 dividend on an annualized basis and a yield of 7.42%. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY WARNING: “Windstream Holdings Inc (WIN) Shares Bought by Nuveen Fund Advisors LLC” was originally reported by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are viewing this piece on another publication, it was illegally copied and reposted in violation of US and international trademark & copyright laws. The correct version of this piece can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/01/31/windstream-holdings-inc-win-shares-bought-by-nuveen-fund-advisors-llc.html. Several brokerages have weighed in on WIN. Zacks Investment Research upgraded shares of Windstream Holdings from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $8.50 price objective for the company in a research note on Wednesday, January 11th. Cowen and Company upgraded shares of Windstream Holdings from a “market perform” rating to an “outperform” rating and set a $9.00 target price for the company in a research report on Tuesday, November 8th. Wells Fargo & Company restated a “market perform” rating on shares of Windstream Holdings in a research report on Tuesday, November 8th. Finally, Citigroup Inc. restated a “neutral” rating and issued a $10.00 target price on shares of Windstream Holdings in a research report on Tuesday, November 8th. Two analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, two have issued a hold rating and two have given a buy rating to the stock. The stock presently has a consensus rating of “Hold” and an average target price of $8.38. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding WIN? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Windstream Holdings Inc (NYSE:WIN). Receive News & Ratings for Windstream Holdings Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Windstream Holdings Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Trump Cancels Harley-Davidson Trip Due to Possible Protests White House Appears to Pull Back on Part of Policy on Vetting President Trump’s Labor Secretary Choice Outsourced Jobs President Trump Agenda: Border Wall and Sanctuary Cities White House Says President Trump Will Not Release His Tax Returns © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy   Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Universal Health Services Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Universal Health Services Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Celanese Corporation (CE) Hits New 1-Year High After Better-Than-Expected Earnings Lawrence Baldini Buys 4,000 Shares of Meridian Bioscience Inc. (VIVO) Stock Kemet Corporation (KEM) Reaches New 12-Month High Following Better-Than-Expected Earnings Guggenheim Reiterates Neutral Rating for Walt Disney Company (The) (DIS) Semafo Inc. (SMF) Downgraded to “Sector Perform” at Scotiabank AT&T Inc. (T) Shares Sold by Meridian Management Co. Argus Lowers E.I. du Pont de Nemours and Company (DD) to Hold Pepsico, Inc. (PEP) Shares Bought by Intrust Bank NA General Electric Company (GE) Shares Bought by Pegasus Partners Ltd. Oppenheimer & Co. Inc. Has $19,608,000 Position in Pepsico, Inc. (PEP) Cisco Systems, Inc. (CSCO) Shares Sold by Private Harbour Investment Management & Counsel LLC General Electric Company (GE) Position Decreased by Birmingham Capital Management Co. Inc. AL NCM Capital Management Group Inc. Has $386,000 Stake in J P Morgan Chase & Co (JPM) First National Bank Sioux Falls Maintains Stake in Apple Inc. (AAPL) Microsoft Corporation (MSFT) Shares Sold by Peoples Bank OH Alphabet Inc. (GOOGL) Shares Sold by BlackRock Advisors LLC Ryder System, Inc. (R) Given Average Recommendation of “Hold” by Brokerages Accuray Incorporated (ARAY) Given Consensus Recommendation of “Buy” by Brokerages Yamana Gold Inc. (AUY) Given Consensus Rating of “Hold” by Analysts The Hain Celestial Group, Inc. (HAIN) Receives Consensus Recommendation of “Hold” from Analysts Universal Health Services, Inc. (UHS) Shares Bought by UBS Group AG January 31st, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Trevor Kearing Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet UBS Group AG boosted its position in Universal Health Services, Inc. (NYSE:UHS) by 22.3% during the third quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The firm owned 88,410 shares of the company’s stock after buying an additional 16,136 shares during the period. UBS Group AG owned about 0.09% of Universal Health Services worth $10,894,000 at the end of the most recent reporting period. Other hedge funds have also recently bought and sold shares of the company. Atlantic Trust Group LLC boosted its stake in Universal Health Services by 0.7% in the second quarter. Atlantic Trust Group LLC now owns 112,319 shares of the company’s stock worth $15,062,000 after buying an additional 818 shares during the period. Boston Partners raised its position in Universal Health Services by 220.7% in the third quarter. Boston Partners now owns 648,989 shares of the company’s stock worth $79,968,000 after buying an additional 446,645 shares in the last quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. raised its position in Universal Health Services by 17.2% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 1,766,229 shares of the company’s stock worth $217,635,000 after buying an additional 259,562 shares in the last quarter. State Treasurer State of Michigan raised its position in Universal Health Services by 0.6% in the third quarter. State Treasurer State of Michigan now owns 31,400 shares of the company’s stock worth $3,869,000 after buying an additional 200 shares in the last quarter. Finally, Polar Capital LLP bought a new position in Universal Health Services during the second quarter worth about $18,774,000. Institutional investors and hedge funds own 85.52% of the company’s stock. Shares of Universal Health Services, Inc. (NYSE:UHS) traded down 0.11% on Tuesday, hitting $112.63. The company had a trading volume of 758,730 shares. The stock has a market cap of $10.92 billion, a PE ratio of 15.86 and a beta of 1.10. Universal Health Services, Inc. has a 12 month low of $99.72 and a 12 month high of $139.77. The company has a 50-day moving average of $109.76 and a 200 day moving average of $120.08. The company also recently announced a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Wednesday, March 15th. Shareholders of record on Wednesday, March 1st will be given a $0.10 dividend. This represents a $0.40 annualized dividend and a yield of 0.36%. The ex-dividend date is Monday, February 27th. Universal Health Services’s dividend payout ratio (DPR) is 5.63%. WARNING: “Universal Health Services, Inc. (UHS) Shares Bought by UBS Group AG” was originally reported by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are viewing this piece of content on another site, it was stolen and reposted in violation of United States and international trademark & copyright legislation. The correct version of this piece of content can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/01/31/universal-health-services-inc-uhs-shares-bought-by-ubs-group-ag.html. UHS has been the topic of a number of research reports. Bank of America Corporation lowered Universal Health Services from a “buy” rating to a “neutral” rating and lowered their price target for the stock from $150.00 to $135.00 in a report on Wednesday, November 9th. Mizuho reissued a “buy” rating and set a $133.00 price target on shares of Universal Health Services in a report on Friday, December 9th. Wolfe Research initiated coverage on Universal Health Services in a report on Tuesday, October 25th. They set a “market perform” rating on the stock. Zacks Investment Research raised Universal Health Services from a “sell” rating to a “hold” rating in a report on Tuesday, October 4th. Finally, Avondale Partners lowered Universal Health Services from an “outperform” rating to a “market perform” rating in a report on Wednesday, November 9th. Ten investment analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and eight have assigned a buy rating to the company. The company has an average rating of “Hold” and a consensus target price of $136.85. About Universal Health Services Universal Health Services, Inc is a holding company. The Company, through its subsidiaries, is engaged in owning and operating acute care hospitals, behavioral health centers, surgical hospitals, ambulatory surgery centers and radiation oncology centers. Its segment is acute care hospital services and behavioral healthcare services. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding UHS? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Universal Health Services, Inc. (NYSE:UHS). Receive News & Ratings for Universal Health Services Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Universal Health Services Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Trump Cancels Harley-Davidson Trip Due to Possible Protests White House Appears to Pull Back on Part of Policy on Vetting President Trump’s Labor Secretary Choice Outsourced Jobs President Trump Agenda: Border Wall and Sanctuary Cities White House Says President Trump Will Not Release His Tax Returns © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
CleanTechnica Store Go Solar! Electric Cars Solar Power 100% Renewable Energy? RSS Sponsor A Post Advertise CleanTechnica is the #1 cleantech-focused news & analysis site in the world. Subscribe today! The future is now. About About Our Team CleanTechnica Comment Policy Use Of Our Content Important Media Network Important Media Jobs Contact Us Sponsor A Post Buy Banner Ad Space Local Solar Discounts Electric Car Reviews Audi A3 e-tron Review BMW i3 Review BMW i3 vs Mercedes B-Class Electric BMW i3 vs Nissan LEAF vs Chevy Volt BMW i3 vs Tesla Model S 70D BMW i8 vs Tesla Model S vs Cadillac ELR vs Porsche Panamera S E-Hybrid vs BMW i3 Chevy Spark EV Review 2016 Chevy Volt Review Chevy Volt Cost of Ownership Review Fiat 500e Review Mercedes B-Class Electric Drive Mitsubishi Outlander PHEV Review Nissan LEAF Long-Term Review Renault Twizy Review Renault Zoe Review Smart Electric Drive Review Smart Electric Drive vs Camaro Tesla Model S Long-Term Review Tesla Model S P85D Review Tesla Model X Review #1, by Zach Tesla Model X Review #2, by Kyle Volkswagen e-Golf Review Volkswagen e-Up! Review Volvo XC90 T8 Review Exclusives All Exclusives CleanTechnica Reports CleanTechnica Reviews CleanTechnica Videos CleanTechnica Events Cleantech Talk (Our Podcast) Long-Term Nissan LEAF Review Long-Term Tesla Model S Review 70-Page Electric Car Report (Free!) Power Solar Energy News Local Solar Discounts How To Go Solar About Solar Energy Wind Energy News About Wind Energy Energy Efficiency Lighting LED Energy Storage Smart Grid Geothermal Energy Hydroelectricy Marine Energy Biomass Transport Electric Vehicles Electric Vehicle News Electric Cars For Sale In 2016 (US) Electric Cars Are Greener Tesla Motors Bicycles Benefits Of Bicycling Biofuels Cars Boats Mass Transit / Public Transit Trains / Rail Aviation Shipping Surprise! Search → NavigationCleanTechnica StoreGo Solar!Electric CarsSolar Power100% Renewable Energy?RSSSponsor A PostAdvertise Clean Power Published on January 31st, 2017 | by Joshua S Hill 0 World’s Largest Oil Company, Saudi Aramco, Apparently Mulling $5 Billion Renewable Investment January 31st, 2017 by Joshua S Hill  The world’s largest oil company, Saudi Aramco, is apparently mulling over as much as $5 billion in renewable energy investments as part of plans to diversify from crude oil production, according to people with knowledge on the matter. According to various reports, Saudi Arabia’s national petroleum and natural gas company, Saudi Aramco, is apparently considering as much as $5 billion worth of investments into renewable energy firms as part of larger plans to diversify their operations. According to one report from Bloomberg, “banks including HSBC Holdings Plc, JPMorgan Chase & Co. and Credit Suisse Group AG have been invited to pitch for a role helping Aramco identify potential acquisition targets and advising on deals.” This should come as no surprise to anyone who has been watching the global energy market fluctuate over the last decade. The Gulf countries currently have as close to a monopoly as possible over the world’s oil resources, and dictate oil prices at their whim. But if natural gas reserves and renewable energy continue to put a dent in the need for their oil, then their businesses are going to stumble. Subsequently, we have seen over the last few years big oil majors from the Middle East begin to diversify their portfolios, looking to renewable energy investments as a surefire way to keep themselves afloat in the long run. Back in November of 2016, reports circulated regarding seven leading oil and gas majors looking to join forces to create a renewable energy investment fund for the development and promotion of renewable energy. The news was confirmed not long after with the creation of the Oil and Gas Climate Initiative (OGCI) which announced a $1 billion investment over the next ten years into renewable energy development. “Today’s announcement highlights our strong and collective commitment in addressing climate change, allowing us to combine our expertise and resources in tackling one of the greatest challenges facing our industry and the world,” said Saudi Aramco President and CEO Amin Nasser at the time. “Technology-enabled solutions are key to managing climate change, and this announcement by OGCI to collectively fund $1bn is paramount to our long-term commitment in meeting rising energy demand.” The companies involved in the Initiative include: BP, CNPC, Eni, Pemex, Reliance Industries, Repsol, Royal Dutch Shell, Statoil, and Total. Saudi Arabia as a whole is aiming to produce 10 gigawatts of power from renewable energy sources by 2023, and is also looking to transform Saudi Aramco into a diversified energy company. It would seem that Saudi Arabia and Saudi Aramco are actually staying true to their words, though the proof will be in the oily pudding, so to speak. Buy a cool T-shirt or mug in the CleanTechnica store!   Keep up to date with all the hottest cleantech news by subscribing to our (free) cleantech newsletter, or keep an eye on sector-specific news by getting our (also free) solar energy newsletter, electric vehicle newsletter, or wind energy newsletter. Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Flipboard (Opens in new window) Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) More Click to share on Tumblr (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pocket (Opens in new window) Click to Press This! (Opens in new window) Tags: BP, CNPC, ENI, Pemex, Reliance Industries, Repsol, Royal Dutch Shell, saudi arabia, saudi aramco, Statoil, Total About the Author Joshua S Hill I'm a Christian, a nerd, a geek, and I believe that we're pretty quickly directing planet-Earth into hell in a handbasket! I also write for Fantasy Book Review (.co.uk), and can be found writing articles for a variety of other sites. Check me out at about.me for more. Related Posts In The Geopolitics Of Energy, Renewables Are Not Yet In The Race → How The Terrorists Won → Saudi Arabia: Fossil Fuels Are Cleaner … Wait, What? (Exclusive Video) → Renewables Now Cheapest, But How To Enable Faster Renewable Energy Growth? → Back to Top ↑ ▲ 8 ... Followers Follow ▲ 35 ... Fans Like ▲ 1 ... Subscribers Subscribe ... Fans Follow ... Fan Love Advertisement Click here to sponsor CleanTechnica. Bring your brand to millions of readers every month. Advertisement Top Stories On CleanTechnica Tesla Model 3 Air Vents May Be "Invisible" 3 Lessons Gleaned From Observing Elon Musk In Action Hot Demand For Opel Ampera-E In Norway Speeds Up Delivery Schedule Is EV Revolution Threatening Oil Company Investor Death Spiral? Russian Military Threat Halts Giant Offshore Wind Project SunShot Initiative Pays Off Big-Time For US, Now Faces Trump Ax Advertisement CleanTechnica T-Shirts! 30 Electric Car Benefits 10 Top Solar Facts Cost of Solar Panels Wind & Solar Prices Beat Fossils Advantages of Solar Power 7 Reasons Why Solar & Wind Win 50 Tips For Trolling EVs 44 Tips For Trolling Solar CleanTechnica Answer Box 47 Top CleanTechnica Interviews Our Electric Car Reviews Tesla Model 3 FAQ … Answered! CleanTechnica Electric Car Report Email Address Join The Solar Revolution! Search the IM Network CleanTechnica is the #1 cleantech-focused news & analysis website in the US & the world, focusing primarily on electric cars, solar energy, wind energy, & energy storage. It is part of Important Media -- a network of 20 progressive blogs working to make the world a better, greener place. Follow @cleantechnica The content produced by this site is for entertainment purposes only. Opinions and comments published on this site may not be sanctioned by, and do not necessarily represent the views of Sustainable Enterprises Media, Inc., its owners, sponsors, affiliates, or subsidiaries. © 2016   Sustainable Enterprises Media, Inc. CleanTechnica Store Go Solar! Electric Cars Solar Power 100% Renewable Energy? RSS Sponsor A Post Advertise Back to Top ↑ Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy have changed. By continuing to use this site, you are agreeing to the new Privacy Policy and Terms of Service. U.S. + International Business There's one thing missing from the new Trump hotel World Access Companies Car News Interactives Trumponomics CNNMoney Sport Player ROI Who is..? The Feed CNNMoney Investigates American Opportunity 5 Stunning Stats Growing India Markets Trump's first jobs report: 3 things to know Investing Economy Buzz Fed Focus ETF Center Premarkets Market Movers Dow 30 After-Hours World Markets America's Debt & the Economy Before the Bell New Investor Investing Guide Fear & Greed Tech Microsoft unveils new, nicer chat bot Business Culture Gadgets Future Startups Powering Your World Agility in Action Upstarts Innovative Cities Unhackable 15 Questions Media Personal Finance Couples are spending a record amount to get married Save Spend Ahead Wheels Real Estate Careers Millennials & Money Your Money Homes Calculators Money Moves 24 Hours With Money Essentials My Watch List Loan Center Small Biz 'We are entrepreneurs, professors, scientists, artists' Startups Empire Women Entrepreneurs Luxury Glide your way through a Phoenix business trip Style Away Rare Drive Wealth Rich Quiz The Collector A Gentleman's Guide Millionaire Calculator Log In Log Out The Buzz Apple has $246 BILLION in cash, nearly all overseas by Paul R. La Monica   @lamonicabuzz February 1, 2017: 10:39 AM ET The original iPhone almost looked like this Apple continues to mint money. The maker of iEverything had $246.1 billion in cash and investments on its balance sheet as of the end of its most recent quarter, up nearly $10 billion from the end of September. That's a new record for non-financial companies. (Banks tend to have a lot more cash than most other companies for operational purposes.) To put this into context, if Apple's cash were a separate company, it would be the 13th most valuable in the S&P 500. Apple is the most valuable, of course. The remaining eleven are Google-parent Alphabet, Microsoft, Warren Buffett's Berkshire Hathaway, Amazon, Facebook, ExxonMobil, Johnson & Johnson, JPMorgan Chase, Wells Fargo, GE and AT&T. Apple's cash pile is bigger than the market values of Procter & Gamble (PG), Bank of America (BAC), Chevron (CVX) and Walmart (WMT). And if President Trump and congressional leaders get their way, Apple (AAPL, Tech30) and other cash hoarders may soon be able to put this money to work in the United States instead of having it sitting in foreign bank accounts collecting interest -- not to mention dust. Apple CFO Luca Maestri said during the company's conference call with analysts on Tuesday that $230.2 billion of its cash -- 94% of it -- was being held overseas. President Trump has called for a one-time tax cut to bring back -- or repatriate -- the cash that big businesses have in foreign accounts. Microsoft (MSFT, Tech30), Alphabet (GOOGL, Tech30), Cisco (CSCO, Tech30) and Oracle (ORCL, Tech30) also have a significant chunk of their cash overseas. Trump is hoping that Apple and these other tech giants could use this cash to hire more American workers. Skeptics claim that companies will be more likely to boost dividends, buy back more stock and maybe acquire companies. That could be good for investors, but not for average Americans who have little (if any) exposure to the stock market. Related: Apple considering legal action over Trump's travel ban Apple CEO Tim Cook said during the conference call that he was "optimistic" that there will be "some sort of tax reform this year," adding that there are "people in both parties that would favor repatriation as a part of that." Cook hinted Apple might use the money on deals. In response to a question from Morgan Stanley analyst Katy Huberty about uses for its cash, he said tax reform would be "very good for the country and good for Apple" and added that "we are always looking at acquisitions." So what could Apple buy with all of its cash? If it wanted (and I'm not suggesting at all that it will...this list is meant for the purposes of fun only) Apple could make a bigger move into media. It could buy Disney or NBCUniversal/DreamWorks Animation parent Comcast -- and have more than $65 billion left for a proverbial rainy day. Or Apple could scoop up Fox, CBS, Viacom and CNN owner Time Warner too. And it would still have about $70 billion more in its bank account. Related: Apple ends earnings losing streak with solid quarter Of course, there are obvious antitrust issues with this fanciful scenario, not to mention the fact that Time Warner already has agreed to sell itself to AT&T. But Apple could go another (admittedly monopolistic) route in the world of media. Salesforce chief digital evangelist Vala Afshar crunched the numbers and tweeted that Apple could buy EVERY team in all four professional U.S sports leagues. Apple has $246 billion in cash. It could buy all:@NFL teams🏈@NBA teams🏀@MLB teams⚾️@NHL teams🏒 ... and still have $94 billion left.— Vala Afshar (@ValaAfshar) January 31, 2017 I wonder if this includes the new expansion NHL team in Sin City though? The Vegas Golden Knights won't hit the ice until the new hockey season starts in the fall of 2017. Another Twitter user looked at economic statistics and found that Apple would be a pretty large country if it were to become its own iNation. Wow - Apple's $246B cash hoard is more than the GDP of Finland ($239B), Chile ($234B), Bangladesh ($226B) and 145 other countries.— Andy Leaver (@AndyLeaver) February 1, 2017 An iPhone in every house and a future Apple Car (if you believe the rumors) in every garage from President Cook of the United States of Apple? Probably not. It's also worth noting that Apple has been borrowing a lot in the past few years, despite having all that cash overseas. Apple's long-term debt load did fall slightly in the most recent quarter, but still stands at $73.6 billion. Still, investors love the fact that Apple's sales and earnings are back on track and that the company is increasing its cash levels too. The stock surged more than 6% Wednesday, helping to boost the overall market. Now we just need to see what Cook will do with all that Apple dough -- and how President Trump will respond to those plans. CNNMoney (New York) First published February 1, 2017: 10:39 AM ET Social Surge - What's Trending Couples are spending a record amount to get married 20 million Indians just got a 50% tax cut Apple has $246 BILLION in cash, nearly all overseas Mortgage & Savings Powered by LendingTree Terms & Conditions apply NMLS #1136 Newsletter Sponsored by Key market news. In your inbox. Every morning. Start your day right with the latest news driving global markets, from major stock movers and key economic headlines to important events on the calendar. Daily newsletter, Sunday through Friday. Privacy Policy CNNMoney Sponsors Partner Offers Paid Partner NextAdvisor Paid Partner A jaw-dropping 40,000 point bonus has arrived 7 outrageous credit cards if you have excellent credit The best credit cards for 2017 10 cards charging 0% interest until 2018 The highest paying cash back card has arrived Contact Us Advertise with Us User Preferences Closed Captioning Content Business Markets Investing Economy Tech Personal Finance Small Business Luxury Media Video Tools Site Map Interactive Job Search Real Estate Search Loan Center Calculators Corrections Market Data Alerts News Alerts Connect My Account Mobile Site & Apps Facebook Twitter LinkedIn YouTube RSS Feeds Newsletters Google+ Most stock quote data provided by BATS. Market indices are shown in real time, except for the DJIA, which is delayed by two minutes. All times are ET. Disclaimer. Morningstar: © 2016 Morningstar, Inc. All Rights Reserved. Factset: FactSet Research Systems Inc. 2016. All rights reserved. Chicago Mercantile Association: Certain market data is the property of Chicago Mercantile Exchange Inc. and its licensors. All rights reserved. Dow Jones: The Dow Jones branded indices are proprietary to and are calculated, distributed and marketed by DJI Opco, a subsidiary of S&P Dow Jones Indices LLC and have been licensed for use to S&P Opco, LLC and CNN. Standard & Poor's and S&P are registered trademarks of Standard & Poor’s Financial Services LLC and Dow Jones is a registered trademark of Dow Jones Trademark Holdings LLC. All content of the Dow Jones branded indices © S&P Dow Jones Indices LLC 2016 and/or its affiliates. © 2016 Cable News Network. A Time Warner Company. All Rights Reserved. Terms under which this service is provided to you. Privacy Policy. .
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad Trump likely to face questions over travel ban in CEO's meeting Friday By Reuters Published: 15:09 EST, 1 February 2017 | Updated: 15:09 EST, 1 February 2017 e-mail By David Shepardson WASHINGTON, Feb 1 (Reuters) - U.S. President Donald Trump will likely face questions on his executive order restricting some travel to the United States when he meets chief executives of major U.S. companies on Friday at the White House. Companies whose CEO's are expected to attend the meeting of the president's business advisory panel include JPMorgan Chase & Co, General Motors Co, Blackstone Group LP , IBM Corp, Uber Technologies Inc and Walt Disney Co, two officials briefed on the meeting said on Wednesday. Trump's executive order suspending the U.S. refugee program for 120 days and putting a three-month ban on visitors from seven predominantly Muslim countries has prompted protests and legal challenges in the United States, and has drawn criticism from several leading U.S. companies. Among those critics, Uber chief executive Travis Kalanick wrote in an email to employees Saturday that "the ban will impact many innocent people — an issue that I will raise this coming Friday when I go to Washington for President Trump’s first business advisory group meeting." It was not clear if all 19 members of the President’s Strategic and Policy Forum would attend Friday's meeting. Other members include the chief executives of Tesla Motors Inc , Wal-Mart Stores Inc and Boeing Co. Tesla founder Elon Musk said this week that the travel order should be modified and he would seek a consensus among members of the advisory council. Ford Executive Chairman Bill Ford Jr. and Chief Executive Officer Mark Fields have also criticized the travel measure.. GM has declined to take a position. Trump ordered the restrictions on Jan. 27, saying they were aimed at protecting Americans from the threat of terrorist attacks. The business forum is chaired by Stephen A. Schwarzman, chairman and chief executive of Blackstone. Trump is a wealthy New York real estate developer and his transition team announced the group in December, saying "some of America’s most highly respected and successful business leaders, will be called upon to meet with the president frequently to share their specific experience and knowledge as the President implements his economic agenda." The White House did not immediately comment Wednesday on the meeting. Trump has held numerous meeting with chief executives since taking office on Jan. 20, including leaders of major automakers, manufacturers, aerospace and pharmaceutical companies. Among the companies that have been most critical of the immigration orders are Netflix Inc, Apple Inc, and Amazon.com Inc, but none of these are represented in the business forum. Apple CEO Tim Cook told the Wall Street Journal the company is considering a legal challenge to the immigration order. (Reporting by David Shepardson; Editing by Frances Kerry) Share or comment on this article e-mail Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS 'She is devastated': Kylie Minogue 'ends engagement to Joshua Sasse following suspicions about his relationship with an actress' George and Amal Clooney step out for a romantic dinner in Spain amid pregnancy rumours Ocean's Eleven star, 55, took his wife on a date Emily Ratajkowski flaunts her incredible curves and enviable abs in boho floral bikini as she smoulders in stunning new beach shoot PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Worse for wear David Beckham gallantly holds car door for Poppy Delevingne as they party together on her husband's birthday eve 'The cancer has gone, we are very happy': Michael Bublé's son Noah, 3, 'is recovering' from liver cancer after heartbreaking battle  Good news for singer Guest biogs, drones photographing from above and banquet feasting: 2017's HOTTEST wedding trends SPONSORED Swimming with turtles, lounging on the beach and catch ups over wine with the girls: Meet the jet setting, yoga loving beauty getting close to Kylie's man 'Miss this face every day': Wayne Rooney posts heartfelt Instagram tribute to Coleen's late sister Rosie on her birthday... five years after death That's a slippery slope! The Jump's Spencer Matthews 'caught up in love triangle with co-stars Vogue Williams and Jade Jones' On thin ice PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Amber Rose showcases her famous buxom curves in orange bikini as she chills out in Honolulu Beach babe  Nicola McLean's husband Tom Williams brands Kim Woodburn and Jedward the C-word in expletive filled rant after comments on CBB about wife's 'knockers' Angelina Jolie shares teaser of Netflix passion project she directed based on Cambodian genocide memoir Her Netflix passion project  Janet Jackson, 50, joins newborn son Eissa as he gets a visit from grandma Katherine, aunt Rebbie and uncle Randy Family fun She's got some front! Braless Dakota Johnson stuns in VERY plunging dress at Fifty Shades Darker premiere Exquisite No supporting act! Rita Ora steals the show at Fifty Shades Darker premiere in revealing dress...after being mocked for cameo role Dubbed her big break Where's the rest of it? Singer Halsey risks wardrobe malfunction with VERY revealing dress at Fifty Shades Darker premiere Left her cleavage bare Keeping mum! Rosie Huntington-Whiteley continues to spark pregnancy rumours as she protectively covers her tummy in LA Covered up What a drag! Scott Disick shares a suspicious-looking cigarette on his hotel balcony with a female friend  Smokin' (hot) women Kim Kardashian puts on eye-popping display in sheer tank as she steps out with sister Kourtney for dinner in Costa Rica Turning heads Getting hearts pumping! Mariah Carey hits the gym in cleavage-baring lingerie and HEELS She also needed her fishnet stockings  'I've not had a bum enlargement!' Comedian Katherine Ryan reveals shocking photo of her bare bottom covered in bruises is a FAKE Cheeky Red hot! Ashley James sizzles in flesh-flaunting mini dress as she showcases her ample cleavage and toned pins out in London Scarlet siren 'THICK!': Kylie Jenner shows off voluptuous figure in her own brand's yellow tracksuit Looking to make big inroads in the apparel market Christine Bleakley reveals retired footballer husband Frank Lampard has been 'in talks' to embark on acting career in Hollywood Scott Disick cosies up to a gaggle of women during trip to Miami after he professes love for on-off girlfriend Kourtney Kardashian Ladies man Make-up free Charlotte McKinney ditches the glamour as she steps out in sweats for casual day of shopping in West Hollywood Casual yet chic  Priorities in order! Heidi Klum reveals her panties as she pulls trousers down to her knees for a quick sunbathing session She's a cheeky one David Beckham opts for sunglasses and a low-key ensemble as he jets out of LAX... hours after partying with Poppy Delevingne Good night Love Island's Olivia Buckland looks effortlessly chic in a white leather jacket as she cuddles up to fiancé Alex Bowen That's a Lottie leg! Model Moss flashes her toned pins in thigh-skimming skirt as she makes an entrance at friend's birthday party Kate's little sister  Solange Knowles performs at free Super Bowl concert in Houston... just one day after sister Beyonce revealed she's pregnant with twins Meghan Markle has 'virtually moved in' with Prince Harry reveal friends of the actress as the pair enjoy a dinner date in London  'To the next level' 'Stop reaching!' Kylie Jenner, 19, calls fans 'f***** idiots' for claiming she wanted to make her waxwork's skin color darker than it really is Lambasted fans Handsome model David Gandy cuts a dapper figure in a dark camel coat as he steps out for lavish cocktail party Looking dapper  After the dramatic bus crash, life in Walford was (unfortunately) back to 'normal' in EastEnders, by Jim Shelley Anti-climatic Great guns! Chris Hemsworth's MASSIVE bulging bicep once again takes centre stage as fan tries to get in a selfie with star Australian actor 'I love you too dude': Kristen Stewart hypes Saturday Night Live hosting debut with Leslie Jones In a series of promotional clips for the NBC comedy PICTURE EXCLUSIVE Home sweet home! Neighbours welcome the Obamas back to their $4.3 million new D.C. home after their luxury break Kim Kardashian shows some leg in thigh-high lace-up boots as she steps out in NYC after meeting with French authorities for a second day in a row Blonde bombshell! Kim Basinger is back and how... as she wows on the red carpet in low-cut black gown at premiere of Fifty Shades Darker A part in erotic trilogy Miley Cyrus' sister Noah wears sheer dress to Fifty Shades Darker premiere in Los Angeles Make Me (Cry) songstress decided to show off her own flair Ferne McCann flashes her abs in a crop top as she films herself having non-surgical liposuction on her stomach after bum lift Back at it  'Not sure if I have the same confidence': Coco Austin shares throwback pic from racy car calendar shoot The 37-year-old shared a racy throwback pic Juliette Lewis shows off her svelte frame in skinny jeans with a khaki coat and hat while catching flight at LAX The actress cut a casual figure in skintight denim Blue jean baby! Paris Jackson wears crop top and denims with frayed cuffs as she enjoys a concert night out in LA Spotted leaving James Arthur's LA concert  Keri Russell wears minimal makeup as she steps out in skinny jeans and ankle boots while on the move in New York city Natural beauty Bundled up beauty! Zoe Kravitz dons blue duster coat with trousers and a heavy navy scarf while holding hands with boyfriend Karl Glusman She doesn't look a day older! Elle Macpherson, 52, shares a sweet throwback bikini photo of herself at the beach with her two sons in 2005 She's ripped! Kourtney Kardashian wears torn jeans and biker jacket as she takes daughter Penelope to Beverly Hills gallery Just back from holiday America's Next Top Model judge Tyson Beckford pulls GUN on process server outside his Miami apartment  A look back at Minogue's ill-fated relationships including her failed 'engagement' to Olivier Martinez as she 'splits from fiancé Joshua Sasse' ' 'She always wanted kids and I never did': Dannii Minogue spoke about her sister Kylie's, 48, hopes for a baby earlier this year Ended engagement Beyonce the work of art: Queen Bey's pregnancy photo series echoes famous paintings featuring Venus and the Virgin Mary Lena Dunham sports aggressive pink eyeshadow as she teams up with Girls cast at premiere of final season Heavy make-up Can't make up your mind? Allison Williams wears trousers AND a dress at premiere of Girls final season That's how you make an entrance... and an exit Leslie Mann looks smitten with Judd Apatow at Girls premiere... after revealing argument with daughters over 'inappropriate' snaps Leggy display! Erin McNaught flaunts her trim pins and flashes white lace bra in a thigh-skimming denim frock as she enjoys a pamper session 'She's the vilest woman I've ever met in my life': CBB's Coleen Nolan rants about Kim Woodburn as Nicola McLean vows to 'never to see her again'  'Prep with my man': Ellen Pompeo brings newborn son Eli to work as she gets ready for directorial debut on Grey's Anatomy Behind the scenes SEBASTIAN SHAKESPEARE: Georgia May Jagger and Grumpy Cat make it a date: Party team up for party in Germany to celebrate calendars  Is she fur real? Selma Blair wears red coat reminiscent of bath robe with animal hair trim around Los Angeles Looked like a very cosy cover up Part of the squad! Kelsea Ballerini says pal Taylor Swift taught her how to deal with fame as she covers Billboard magazine 'I'm really disappointed to be out!' Vogue Williams forced to QUIT The Jump just days before anticipated launch after suffering serious knee injury Babies, let's get in Formation! Beyonce 'set to perform at this year's Grammy Awards' after revealing she's pregnant with twins No slowing down That's quite the pregnancy album! Beyonce displays her baby bump in underwater video after announcing she's having twins Red hot! Emma Roberts shows off her new fiery colored hair as she leaves the salon in Hollywood Sporting freshly coloured tresses 'Call your senator': Amy Schumer continues anti-Trump activism by urging fans to oppose 'unqualified' Education Secretary pick Betsy DeVos 'I'm a sex goddess!' Teen Holly Willoughby, 18, grabs her assets as she makes saucy profession in sizzling throwback lingerie ad 'You have to bite the bullet': Kristen Stewart admits she is dreading her SNL hosting debut on Saturday Even if vampires don't make her flinch Khloe Kardashian helps Lauren lose 50 pounds and reconnect with her dead father on E! reality show Revenge Body With a celebrity trainer Making waves! Karlie Kloss sports curly locks and monochrome mini dress  during high fashion Vogue photo shoot at Sydney's Bondi Beach Lena Dunham admits she crossed 'boundaries of professionalism' as she reveals she once 'made out' with a Girls guest star  James Corden jokes about being the lowest paid late night talk show host on television... ahead of Grammys hosting gig But he's hit the big time... 'I've had some really bad hairstyles': Shane Warne reveals style disasters as ex-cricketer celebrates 10 years as an Advanced Hair Studio ambassador Borne this way! Lady Gaga gets police escort to NRG Stadium in Houston as she rehearses for Super Bowl Halftime Show  She's all fired up 'Yo I made it!' Rihanna steps out in biker chic ensemble... after celebrating Mariah Carey wearing her Fenty heels to the GYM Dressed in all black In bed with Hilary Duff! Star shows off her legs while wearing only panties and a T-shirt on Instagram A long way from being a self-conscious teen Is this the end of underwear? Why stars are forgoing bras and pants on the red carpet (and why they believe it makes them look more CLASSY) Victoria's Secret stars Jasmine Tookes, Martha Hunt and Taylor Hill bring the heat to Miami with sizzling bikini photo shoot Trio of Angels  Lily-Rose Depp goes on spending spree at Chanel in Beverly Hills... amid reports of dad Johnny's ongoing financial woes Karl Lagerfeld's muse Make-up free Julia Roberts, 49, looks bright as she goes shopping for interior decor with daughter Hazel in Malibu Had a stylish wintry get-up Just like mom! Rumer Willis stars in Gap campaign paying homage to mother Demi Moore and her 1990 ad Just like her famous mother Demi Kate Moss, 43, goes completely naked for W magazine as she joins Jennifer Lopez, Jessica Chastain, Taraji P Henson and Donatella Versace Quite the treat! Sara Gilbert has mother-son date with Rhodes at Jessica's Biel's pricey Au Fudge restaurant in Los Angeles Spoiling her little boy  A look at Shanina Shaik and fiancé DJ Ruckus' $100,000-a-month Miami rental property with incredible waterfront views and a heated swimming pool  Miranda gets her dream role in Annie: Actress in final negotiations to play Miss Hannigan when musical moves into the Piccadilly Theatre  'F*** you Price is Right!': Aaron Paul aims for game show redemption with the help of James Corden 17 years after walking away a loser A gloomy affair is saved by the belle: The Glass Menagerie is glum but Cherry Jones gives a fine turn, writes QUENTIN LETTS   SEBASTIAN SHAKESPEARE: Who silenced royal rebel Lady Amelia? Duke of Kent's granddaughter deletes her Instagram account  Upbeat Elbow go out on a limb: Little Fictions is a slow-burning blockbuster, writes ADRIAN THRILLS  JAN MOIR: Apple Tree Yard and a brutally real portrait of a wife in crisis  It caused controversy and divided opinion Coco Austin puts on a busty display as she steps out with baby Chanel... as Ice T proudly reveals his daughter has inherited his 'mean mug' Focused on family: Bethenny Frankel spends some quality time time with daughter Bryn after nasty drama with her ex Family first Making a dog's dinner of it! CBB's Jedward and Bianca Gascoigne try not to gag as they're forced to eat unsavoury 'mystery can' Not good enough to eat Tallia Storm flaunts her tanned and toned legs in a sequinned silver mini dress and chunky black ankle boots at fashion party Leggy lady Making them green with envy! Camilla dazzles in a velvet gown as she brings some glamour to the British Asian Trust dinner in London  'If there's anyone designed to deal with it, it's her': Meghan Markle's on-screen Suits fiancé Patrick J. Adams approves of her royal romance 'She's the love of my life': Scott Disick declares Kourtney Kardashian is the one in KUWTK trailer...before getting cuddly with beauties in Miami 'The shoot is not soft porn, it is actual fashion': Victoria's Secret model Bridget Malcolm defends posing naked for Playboy Make-up free Cindy Crawford shows off her svelte figure in skintight jeans and plunging white top ahead of 51st birthday Fit at 50 Enjoying a bit too much Pillowtalk? Pop heartthrob Zayn Malik sports a serious case of bed head as he enjoys shopping trip in Beverly Hills Going solo! Taylor Swift releases filmed acoustic rehearsal of I Don't Wanna Live Forever... without singing partner Zayn When two become one 'I didn't want to play a crack addict': Naomie Harris reveals she initially turned down Moonlight because of 'negative portrayals of women' in film That's one way to go viral! Mariah Carey poses in racy lingerie as she streams Facebook Live video...and hits one million views in first hour Busty Preeya Kalidas flashes her legs in a glamorous baby blue gown with dramatic ruffles at British Asian Trust dinner Blue-tiful Master and Apprentice! Arnold Schwarzenegger lunches with Mickey Rourke... after hitting back at Trump over ratings  Celebrity yearbook photos including Jimmy Kimmel in a tacky prom shirt, Tina Fey clutching a rose and a baby-faced Amy Adams are brought to life for Super Bowl ad Keke Palmer reveals truce with Trey Songz after claims he filmed her without her consent as she puts on another fashion show in New York You're fired! Gloomy Ivanka is pictured leaving DC home after Nordstrom drops her fashion brand amid angry boycott by thousands of women 'I can't wait to share our journey': New mum Stephanie Davis dotes over baby son Caben-Albi in adorable video  Preparing to raise her newborn alone 'I have three hearts': Pregnant Beyoncé strips NAKED to show off her baby bump in intimate snaps after announcing she is expecting twins  'Having twins is the most incredible experience ever!' Mariah Carey congratulates pal Beyonce after baby news   'Targeting the weakest does not show strength,' Angelina Jolie pens op-ed for the New York Times about refugee policy  Scarlett Johansson flaunts her famous curves in nude-looking suit in a sneak peek of her new movie Ghost In The Shell ahead of trailer  Naked tummy! Gigi Hadid models crop top that exposes her belly button and adds leather jacket to help keep out chill in NYC Tum's the word 'You made a reputation by showing your knockers!' CBB's Kim Woodburn takes aim at 'vile little creature' Nicola McLean as she's branded 'scum' Wigged out! Oprah Winfrey looks virtually unrecognisable in crimped blonde hairpiece on Los Angeles set of A Wrinkle In Time EXCLUSIVE Tequila shots, karaoke and a VERY A-list crowd: Behind-the-scenes at Harry Styles' 23rd birthday bash with Adele and Cindy Crawford Forgotten something? Lisa Appleton struggles to contain her ample assets as she dons a pair of tiny bikini briefs in Spain She always turns heads EXCLUSIVE: Timbaland's divorce lawyer slaps a lien on the music producer's $5 million Miami mansion for unpaid bills Pricey The apple of his (Beady) Eye! Liam Gallagher's son Gene sports similar haircut and same distinctive eyebrows as rocker dad on shopping spree 'It's time for us to embrace': Matthew McConaughey says celebrities should accept Trump is president and 'be constructive' 'This performance is for everyone': Lady Gaga talks up 'athletic' halftime show at Super Bowl after dancing in her underwear backstage Bikini-clad Kim Zolciak calls her husband Kroy Biermann 'sexy' as she posts photo of him in a very tight Speedo during beach getaway Fun in the sun J.C. Penney defends Beyonce using her own lyrics after critics snidely suggest that her 'awkward' pregnancy photo was taken at the retailer's portrait studio Fans accuse Beyoncé of copying M.I.A.'s music video for her maternity shoot - just months after the Sri Lankan rapper said Bey stole her sound What controversy? Mel Gibson smiles as his upcoming police brutality film Dragged Across Concrete sparks a social media backlash 'I get paid quite well to not be biased!': Rylan Clark-Neal hits out at claims CBB BOTS is unfair to housemates... as he confirms he'll still host the spin-off show  Drew Barrymore wanted 'ultra-traditional' upbringing for her two daughters as she calls split from husband her 'worst nightmare'  Back to basics Jamie Dornan flaunts his muscular physique as he showcases impressive pommel horse trick on Conan O'Brien Impressive Looking extra pouty! Rumer Willis shows off bigger lips as she attends opening of new basement bar in New York Getting lippy Selena Gomez is nominated for Kids' Choice Award as her current beau The Weeknd goes up against ex Bieber in 2017 nominations Oops, she did it again! Britney Spears suffers an EPIC wardrobe malfunction as she exposes her bare breast during Las Vegas show Kanye West is reprimanded by CFDA for his 'bad behavior' after failing to liaise with NYFW organizers about his Yeezy Season Five show Kim Kardashian looks slimmer than ever as she flaunts her gym-honed figure in black bikini alongside sister Kourtney during family getaway in Costa Rica Nicki Minaj invests in huge security upgrade for mansion following brazen thieves steal $200K worth of property and trash her home  Taking no chances 'I started doing hard drugs at age 12': Khloe Kardashian listens as latest Revenge Body contestant reveals she turned to meth to get thin 'We need a security guard 24-7': Kim Kardashian amps up protection for family in KUWTK sneak peek following armed heist Harrowing news Jennifer Connelly opts for a low-key look in a navy coat and beanie as she enjoys a stroll with husband Paul Bettany in New York Feeling the chill Oscar-winning Leonardo DiCaprio gets his meat seasoned by viral meme sensation Salt Bae at the chef's Dubai steakhouse  Just a sprinkle  Feeling Ferry saucy! Geordie Shore's Chloe leaves little to the imagination as she flaunts her ample assets and tiny waist in skimpy lingerie Ola Jordan and Heidi Montag look worse for wear as they twerk up a storm during wild night out with husbands James and Spencer Justin brings Bieber Fever to the Super Bowl with wacky dance moves as he honours the history of touchdown celebrations in new advert 'Things just didn't work out': Singer Ella Eyre 'amicably' ends her two-year relationship with Rixton drummer Lewi Morgan Sad news  Kim Kardashian relives horror of Paris jewel heist by testifying in New York after a judge flew to meet her to identify armed men who robbed her at gunpoint CBB's Bianca Gascoigne puts on an eye-popping display as she poses provocatively in lingerie for racy pre-show photo shoot EXCLUSIVE 'I love to mix it up!': Ellie Goulding reveals the secrets behind her stunning athletic shape She's a fitness enthusiast  Alesha Dixon dares to be different in sexy leather mesh dress with sheer skirt as she joins glam Amanda Holden at Britain's Got Talent auditions in Birmingham Victoria Beckham shows off slim figure in chic trousers and polo-neck for shopping trip ... but STILL keeps her favourite sunglasses on in drizzly London Don't let mum and dad see! Brooklyn Beckham tucks into HUGE baguette during London day out without health fanatic parents David and Victoria  'I've got my priorities really in order!': Rob Lowe laughs as Jimmy Kimmel ribs him over job ad for assistant who can turn on his jacuzzi and arrange massages 'I really fell in love': Iskra Lawrence posts lingerie selfie as she reveals she's learned to accept her curves while inspiring women to celebrate their bodies 'Everybody's looking': New Fifty Shades Darker trailer reveals glamorous Masquerade Ball sequence A new promo has debuted  'I'm more nervous on runways now' than when I was 21': Naomi Campbell, 46, admits she feels 'vulnerable' on the catwalk alongside younger models 'I'd love to be with Kate Middleton!': Drew Barrymore reveals she fancies the Duchess of Cambridge... as she jokes about being 'naughty in my forties' 'Breakouts have made me stay in my house all day': Ashley Benson opens up about her struggle with acne at the launch of a spot-reducing gel product Johnny Depp brands former business managers 'reprehensible' after details of his spendthrift $2million-a-month lifestyle emerge  McQueen Bey! Hollyoaks' pregnant matriarch Myra recreates THAT Beyonce baby pic... yet swaps designer lingerie for sports top and cardi Lottie Moss cuts a demure figure in lace-up jeans and fur coat as she hits the town for casual night out Certainly looked the part of a fashion model  It's Patsy TANsit! Actress overdoes the bronzer as she dons workout gear for energetic jog in the rain Not exactly tanning weather in London 'It left me bereft': Kris Marshall quits Death In Paradise after Caribbean filming separated him from his family... as fans mourn 'heartbreaking' news No dramas! Danielle Lloyd steps out in double denim after furiously denying Nicola McLean's claims she attended her wedding to Jamie O'Hara CBB's Nicola McLean flaunts her ample assets in racy lace lingerie as she poses for saucy pre-show shoot WAG and glamour model, 35 'It's a disaster!': Make-up free Dakota Johnson dons fur coat at LAX airport after revealing everything she says turns sexual Only the best for the Lord! Scott Disick stayed in $12,500 a night suite in Miami after fleeing Kardashian Costa Rican getaway 'I've never met a hater whose life I wish I had': Gabrielle Union bites back at mean girls as she flaunts her fabulous figure at 44 in Women's Health Trump requests prayers for Arnold Schwarzenegger and his Apprentice ratings... as his replacement suggest they switch jobs  'WAKE UP & JOIN THE RESISTANCE': Sarah Silverman calls for a military coup to overthrow President Trump Controversial statement Twinning! Cindy Crawford's son Presley Gerber steps out with girlfriend Lily - whose model good looks will fit right in Strictly's rumoured new head judge Gary Edwards suffers 'TV fail' when he continuously refers to Len Goodman as a 'matriarch' rather than a patriarch Imogen Thomas displays her curves in colourful swimwear at the launch of her new collection... as she reveals her relationship has lost its spark Gaz Beadle transforms into a naughty pensioner as he hits the gym and chats girls up in hilarious prank ahead of Spring Break with Grandad launch Just like Linda! Lusardi's daughter Lucy Kane shows an uncanny resemblance to her mum... as she 'blows judges away on The Voice End of an era! Designer Riccardo Tisci leaves Givenchy after 12 YEARS with the French fashion house - as rumors suggest he is heading to Versace Move over George! Adorable Prince of Bhutan proves himself a contender for world's cutest royal baby as he poses for his first birthday portrait Nick Gordon steps out on second anniversary of the day girlfriend Bobbi Kristina was tragically found unresponsive in bathtub 'I love having her around again': Brooke Vincent reveals she was instrumental in her on-screen sister Helen Flanagan's return to Coronation Street Drinking problems! Coronation Street viewers spot a major props blunder when Kate serves Toyah a glass of wine from an EMPTY bottle Who said acting was easy? Joanne Froggatt shelters from the rain as she braves freezing conditions while filming Liar in Kent Alice Eve oozes classic Hollywood glamour in a sophisticated all-black ensemble as she enjoys a low-key dinner in LA British beauty Gigi Hadid wears nothing but a tiny miniskirt as she goes braless for tasteful LOVE magazine shoot Stunning black and white snap  That's a butt rude! Rita Ora is cheeky in see-through gym pants ... as she steps out in LA after congratulating Beyonce on her pregnancy news What a view! Will pregnant Beyonce still perform at Coachella? Singer's April headline slot is uncertain after announcement she's expecting twins The adorable moment Prince Harry pranks an unimpressed school boy with the 'wrong shoulder' trick (and acts surprised when the joke's turned on him) Bella Thorne flaunts her taut tummy as she works up a sweat with her wild moves while leading a dance class Energetic night! Heidi Klum steals the spotlight in a quirky black Victoriana-style ensemble and heavy jewels as she shoots Germany's Next Top Model 'We do get a bit delirious': Rebel Wilson and Anna Kendrick share behind-the-scenes Pitch Perfect 3 video after filming for 15 hours Geordie Shore's Holly Hagan shows off her toned curves as she shares an eye-popping bikini shot from her holiday in Thailand 'I absolutely hate my natural look': Katie Price shares rare 'make-up free' selfie as she takes a break from her hair extensions Ed Sheeran fans hit out at touts after tickets to the British pop star's UK tour were being sold online for up to £1,000 just minutes after going on sale  Racy in red! Lucy Mecklenburgh shows off her stunningly slim figure in chic bikini as she posts yet ANOTHER swimsuit snap from Dubai trip 'Let me come in your changing room!' Trinny Woodall accidentally propositions Phillip Schofield live on This Morning leaving Holly Willoughby in hysterics What a bikini body! Justin Bieber's 'ex' Sahara Ray almost busts out of her skimpy swimwear in racy Instagram snap after THAT lingerie shot Lorraine Kelly can't contain her giggles as she recreates the famous pottery scene from the movie Ghost with Dr Hilary Jones as Patrick Swayze  Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
News Stocks Technology Science Tech Space Human Earth Health Politics World Videos The Tape Latest Follow WSP Newsletter RSS Facebook Twitter Google+ Search for: HomeNewsFB Stock: Traders Bet on a Facebook Earnings Spike FB Stock: Traders Bet on a Facebook Earnings Spike February 1, 2017 Ari Haruni All eyes will be on Facebook Inc (NASDAQ:FB) after today’s close. Wall Street analysts are on average expecting the social networking giant to post $8.47 billion in sales for the fiscal quarter ending December 11/02/2016. This would show a 21.00% increase from the Q316 revenue of $7 billion, as well as an increase of 45.03% from the same period a year earlier. EPS in Q416 are expected to come in at $1.31, a growth rate of 65.82% from $0.79 per share year-on-year. In the meantime, EarningsWhisper.com reports a whisper number of $1.37 per share. As a quick reminder, Menlo Park reported Q316 EPS of $1.09, $0.12 better than the Street’s consensus estimate. Revenue increased 55.56% year-over-year (y/y), beating consensus by about $800 million vs. the $6.92 billion consensus. While Facebook Street talk about concerns such as softer ad growth and revenue slowdown continue to persist, JPMorgan’s Doug Anmuth is sticking with his FB recommendation. In fact, he wrote in a recent note to clients that channel checks with marketers and agencies suggest “continued strong demand and no significant change in [Facebook’s growth] trajectory.”  The analyst, who reiterated an ‘overweight’ on the firm, also said that FB remains JPM’s “top large-cap pick.” In addition, RBC Capital Markets analyst Mark Mahaney reiterated an ‘outperform’ rating and $170 price target on Facebook stock ahead Q4 earnings, saying he expects user growth to increase 16 percent to 1.81 billion, with engagement staying steady at 66%. The overall logic of both analysis seems to be based on the fact that Facebook’s multiple avenues of growth are yet to be tapped or fully exploited. Speaking of new stream of revenue, The Wall Street Journal just reported that Facebook is working to develop a video-centric app for TV set-top boxes, giving it a home for video content as well as a new vehicle for video ads. Facebook Share Performance/Valuation The average volume for the $376 billion market cap company has been 18.3 million shares per day over the past 90 days. The equity has a beta of 0.66 and a short float of 0.94%. T-12 gross profit currently prints $15.1 billion. For full FY2015, Facebook raked in $17.93 billion in revenue — a spike of 44% y/y. In the past 52 weeks, shares of Menlo Park, Calif.-based company have traded between a low of $96.82 and a high of $133.50. Ticker, which is currently trading below $132 level, is up 16.4% year-over-year, and 13.27% year-to-date. Profitibility-wise, Facebook has a profit and operating margin of 30.4% and 43%, respectively. Trailing-12 revenue prints around $25 billion while return on equity is at 16%. There are currently 43 analysts covering the company. Of these, 39 have a ‘Buy’ recommendation while 3 rate it a ‘Hold’. Only one analyst rates the co. a ‘Sell’. FB has a median Street price target of $155 with a high target of $180. FB Stock Previous article Next article Related Articles News Is This Social Media App Threatening Facebook’s Popularity? August 18, 2016 Cristina Lee Technology Inequality, Productivity, and WhatsApp February 22, 2014 Robert Reich News Morning Buzz: Facebook (FB), SunEdison (SUNE), Urban Outfitters (URBN), SolarCity (SCTY) March 8, 2016 WSP Be the first to comment Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Comment Name * Email * Website The Latest Amazon (AMZN) Stock Sheds Over 30 Points As Q4 Revenue, Guidance Disappoint February 2, 2017 Scientists Chasing the Dream of Quantum Computing – Technology Just Got Their Biggest Break Yet February 2, 2017 Our Milky Way Galaxy Is Being Pushed Through Space By Vast Empty Space February 2, 2017 The Universe Is A Hologram And We Are All Just Illusions February 1, 2017 FB Stock: Traders Bet on a Facebook Earnings Spike February 1, 2017 Editor’s Picks This Company Has Just Given The Entire World Access To Quantum Computing January 15, 2017 16 Mind Blowing Facts About Billionaire Warren Buffett You Probably Didn’t Know December 31, 2016 Universal Basic Income: Not Just An Idea But A Feasible Solution December 12, 2016 Scientists Take One Giant Step Closer to Free Energy December 9, 2016 Here’s What Oil Did the Last Time OPEC Cut Production December 7, 2016 A Disease Called Aging November 22, 2016 Markets SPY 227.77 +0.15 +0.07% Nikkei 19028.80 +114.22 +0.60% UK 7140.75 +33.10 +0.47% France 4794.29 -0.29 -0.01% Germany 11627.95 -31.55 -0.27% EUR / USD 1.0758 -0.0004 -0.04% GBP / USD 1.2512 -0.0019 -0.15% CAD / USD 0.7673 +0.0001 +0.01% AUD / USD 0.7650 -0.0010 -0.13% Oil Fut 52.33 +0.96 +1.87% Gold Fut 1212.60 -4.10 -0.34% Facebook Twitter Google+ Authors Archive Copyright © 2017 Wall Street Pit | Contact Us | Advertise | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy
Skip to Navigation Skip to Content IndustryWeek Search: Register Log In Display name or email address: * Password: * Remember me Forgot Your Password? close Subscribe: Magazine Newsletters Store Webinars White Papers Videos Apps Advertise Leadership Change Management Companies & Executives Corporate Culture Corporate Responsibility Growth Strategies Strategic Planning & Execution Global Economy Competitiveness Demographics Emerging Markets Environment Legislation Public Policy Regulations Trade Operations Energy Management Lean / Six Sigma Maintenance Quality Safety Finance Budgeting & Reporting Corporate Finance & Tax Cost Management & BPM Governance, Risk & Compliance Software & Systems Treasury & Cash Management Workforce Compensation Strategies Education / Training Engagement Labor / Employment Policy Recruiting / Retention Teamwork Innovation Intellectual Property Process Improvement Product Development Research & Development Supply Chain Customer Relationships Inventory Management Logistics Planning & Forecasting Procurement Supplier Relationships Transportation Warehousing and Distribution Technology Automation Digital Tools Emerging Technologies Energy Information Technology Machine Tools Robotics Systems Integration Expansion Management Industry Clusters Strategic Siting Resources IW 1000 IW US 500 IW 50 Best US Manufacturers IW Manufacturing Hall of Fame IW Salary Survey IW Best Plants IW Manufacturing & Technology Show IW Best Practices Reports IW Industry Reports Benchmarking Associations Glossary Advertisement Home > Technology > Emerging Technologies > Smart Shock Absorber Startup Lands $100 Million Investment Smart Shock Absorber Startup Lands $100 Million Investment Feb 1, 2017 Bloomberg EMAIL Tweet Comments 0 It’s not a particularly sexy part of the industry, but venture capitalists were sold on ClearMotion Inc.’s vision for using technology to give your car a smoother ride.  More About: The Changing Automotive Landscape Clearmotion employees are feeling happy to the tune of $100 million. Clearmotion Advertisement In Silicon Valley’s eagerness to invest in all things automotive, venture capitalists put $100 million into a Boston startup that makes an alternative to shock absorbers. It’s not a particularly sexy part of the industry, but investors were sold on ClearMotion Inc.’s vision for using technology to give your car a smoother ride. Silicon Valley’s New Enterprise Associates, World Innovation Lab, Eileses Capital and Qualcomm Inc.’s VC arm were among those contributing funds. JPMorgan Chase & Co.’s asset management group led the funding round and took a seat on the company’s board of directors. ClearMotion was founded in 2009 by Massachusetts Institute of Technology students seeking to design a better shock absorber. The part is found on the wheels of every car and truck sold today. The startup hopes to set itself apart with software that controls the vehicle’s actuators, helping to quickly identify and react to road conditions like speed bumps and potholes and improve vehicle suspension systems. Shakeel Avadhany, the company’s 29-year-old chief executive officer, somehow manages to pitch shocks like they’re an Apple Inc. product. “We want to do for motion what noise-canceling headphones do for noise,” he said. “Traditional shock absorbers play defense against the road. We’re playing offense.” Popular Now Five Rules for Selecting the Best KPIs to Drive Operational Improvement Is This the Real Life? Is This Just Fantasy? AR Hits Manufacturing Rethink Everything: 3-D Printing and the Product Design Revolution The auto industry is in the midst of an overhaul thanks to several trends happening simultaneously. Cars are going electric, learning to drive themselves and becoming computers on wheels. Detroit is also grappling with the future of automobile ownership in a world of autonomy and ride-hailing apps. Tech investors are anxious about missing the next turn. Venture funding for auto-tech startups topped $1 billion in 2016, according to research firm CB Insights. The largest deal last year was an investment of at least $200 million in the secretive autonomous-car startup Zoox Inc., followed by auto insurance provider Metromile Inc. “We are just scratching the surface in terms of technology that will enable the automobile,” said Kittu Kolluri, a director and investor in ClearMotion.The latest round of funding was ClearMotion’s third, but the 115-person company still has a long way to go. Its product isn’t being manufactured yet, and it declined to disclose any supplier agreements. Print reprints Favorite EMAIL Tweet Please Log In or Register to post comments. Related Articles Parts-Makers Mobileye and Delphi Team Up on Automated Driving Ford Announces Robotics Partnership with University of Michigan Toyota to Invest $22 Million in University of Michigan Robotics Research Ohio, OSU to Invest $45 Million in Autonomous Vehicle Testing Expansion New Rules Could Wipe Out Bulk of China's Electric-Car Startups THE LATEST Harley-Davidson Executives Meet with Trump In an IoT World, You Must Fight Off Both Hackers and Rivals Sewing Digital Transformation into the Fabric of the Textiles Industry 10 Tech Predictions for 2017 and Beyond It’s GE vs. Wal-Mart as Corporate Feud Breaks Out Over Tax Addressing Privacy and Security Issues in the Connected Car More Advertisement Manufacturing Leader of the Week Jan 31, 2017 Article IndustryWeek Trisha Lemery Finds the Fun - and Profit - in Manufacturing 1 Trisha Lemery keeps Winsert Inc., the engine component business her father started, growing with a potent mix of innovation, employee appreciation and focus on customers' needs....More View All Trending on IndustryWeek Is This the Real Life? Is This Just Fantasy? AR Hits Manufacturing Why a Low Price Sourcing Strategy Will Doom Your Lean Efforts Immelt Talks Up Global Ties as Trump Pivots From Trade Trisha Lemery Finds the Fun - and Profit - in Manufacturing Surge in Electric Cars Could Blindside Big Oil IW Webinars How the Cloud and Analytics Improve Manufacturers' Bottom Lines Manufacturing Trends: IndustryWeek/PwC Webinar Series Manufacturing Flash Forward: A Preview of 2017's Top 17 Issues, in 17 Minutes The Additive Cyber Risk of Additive Manufacturing: Six Steps Towards Greater Security in the Supply Chain The Benefits of 3D Printing for Your Business View All Hot Topics Trump and Manufacturing The Changing Automotive Landscape IoT and the Digitization of Manufacturing Skilled Worker Shortage Ask the Expert: Lean Leadership Cloud Computing -- Sponsored by Plex The Connected Enterprise -- Sponsored by Rockwell Automation Industry Intelligence Market Reports Advertisement IW White Papers Get Smart: Key considerations for developing smart machines and equipment Attacking Risk at its Roots The Path to Lowest Cost of Ownership with Industrial Automation Systems The Total Cost of Downtime in Industrial Automation The Components of Lowest Total Cost of Ownership with Automation Systems More   Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Sponsored Links Sponsored Links IndustryWeek.com Leadership Global Economy Operations Finance Workforce Innovation Supply Chain Technology Expansion Management Resources Site Features Media Center RSS Sitemap Site Archive Newsletters View Mobile Site IndustryWeek Corporate Contact IndustryWeek Privacy Policy Terms of Service IndustryWeek Brand Guidelines Follow Us Twitter Facebook Google+ LinkedIn RSS Search IndustryWeek.com Search: Industry Week Subscribe Current Issue Past Issues   Related IndustryWeek Sites IW Best Plants Conference New Equipment Digest Business Finance American Machinist Material Handling & Logistics Foundry Management & Technology EHS Today Forging Used Equipment Directory Welding Design & Fabrication Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Copyright © 2017 Penton
Skip to content MilTech pr@satprnews.com HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Main Menu Compliance Training Veteran, Anil D’Souza, Joins Traliant Team 1 February 2017Military News Traliant, a leader in interactive online compliance training, welcomes Anil D’Souza to the management team as VP, Learning. Online PR News – 01-February-2017 – Manhattan Beach, CA – Traliant, a leader in interactive online compliance training, announced today that Anil D’Souza has joined its team as VP, Learning. Over the past 20 years D’Souza has instructionally authored over 800 learner hours of blended learning programs, focusing primarily on ethics and regulatory compliance topics. He has designed programs for a variety of progressive, international organizations including such firms as JPMorgan Chase, Standard Chartered Bank, and General Electric. Prior to joining Traliant, he was the Director of Products, Quality, and Innovation in the compliance learning division of Thomson Reuters. “The challenge with compliance training is that nobody really wants to take it,” observed D’Souza. “Since staff motivation is typically low, the training must be relevant, engaging and interactive if it is to be effective. If eLearning can also be adapted to an organization’s look, feel and vocabulary, it further enhances effectiveness as people tune-out when training doesn’t appear to be relevant to them. Traliant has wrapped these important concepts into a big vision of taking compliance training ‘from boring to brilliant,’ and I’m very excited to be able to help bring this vision to life.” “The challenge with compliance training is that nobody really wants to take it,” observed D’Souza. “Since staff motivation is typically low, the training must be relevant, engaging and interactive if it is to be effective. If eLearning can also be adapted to an organization’s look, feel and vocabulary, it further enhances effectiveness as people tune-out when training doesn’t appear to be relevant to them. Traliant has wrapped these important concepts into a big vision of taking compliance training ‘from boring to brilliant,’ and I’m very excited to be able to help bring this vision to life.” Andrew Rawson, Traliant’s CMO, further commented, “I worked with Anil previously and his ability to lead a team of instructional designers, subject matter experts, graphic designers and course developers to rapidly build highly engaging, media-rich compliance training is without parallel.” Traliant launched its Preventing Discrimination and Harassment Suite in December 2016. A Code of Conduct training suite will be available in March 2017. About Traliant: Traliant was founded by industry veterans from some of the most successful compliance training companies in the nation to meet the challenge of transforming compliance training from boring to brilliant. Backed by Martinson Ventures, Traliant delivers millennial-friendly, broadcast-quality compliance training on an eLearning platform that allows revolutionary text and video customization—at off-the-shelf prices. Traliant has received industry-wide recognition for its innovative work. For more information on Traliant visit: http://www.traliant.com. Visit Our Site Posted Under Uncategorized Tagged Business/Human resources/Technology Companies division general Industry Nation staff veteran Post navigation Pacific Mercantile Bancorp to Participate in FIG Partners’ 8th Annual West Coast CEO Forum HCI Group Real Estate Division Acquires 100% Ownership of Newly-Built Melbourne, Florida Shopping Center Search Search for: Partners US Restaurants Copyright © 2017 MilTech. Proudly powered by WordPress. | Theme: Awaken by ThemezHut.
Menu Home About Archives Bloggers Policies Documents Limited Partnership Agreements Contact Fearless commentary on finance, economics, politics and power Follow yvessmith on Twitter Feedburner RSS Feed RSS Feed for Comments Subscribe via Email SUBSCRIBE Menu Skip to content Home About Archives Bloggers Policies Documents Limited Partnership Agreements Contact Recent Items Why the “Maximize Shareholder Value” Theory is Bogus - 02/03/2017 - Yves Smith Rex Tillerson Backs Aggressive Policy in Disputed South China Sea as Exxon, Russia Eye Region’s Oil and Gas - 02/03/2017 - Yves Smith 2:00PM Water Cooler 2/2/2017 - 02/02/2017 - Lambert Strether Border Adjustment Tax Could Help Europe Find Common Voice on Trump - 02/02/2017 - Yves Smith Links 2/2/17 - 02/02/2017 - Lambert Strether Gaius Publius: Should Progressives Let Corporate Democrats Lead and Be the Face Of the Resistance? - 02/02/2017 - Yves Smith ‘Biggest Oil Find’ of 2016 Puts Crown Jewel Texas Oasis in Crosshairs for Fracking - 02/02/2017 - Yves Smith Ilargi: Unrest Is The Only Growth Industry Left - 02/02/2017 - Yves Smith 2:00PM Water Cooler 2/1/2017 - 02/01/2017 - Lambert Strether 2:00PM Water Cooler 2/1/2017 Posted on February 1, 2017 by Lambert Strether By Lambert Strether of Corrente Trade “Two key players on Trump’s trade team — USTR nominee Robert Lighthizer and Commerce Secretary nominee Wilbur Ross — are still not confirmed, but their workload is already stacking up with word from the White House that they will review all 14 current U.S. free-trade agreements for possible changes in addition to seeking new deals” [Politico]. “The remarks heighten expectations that Trump and Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe could discuss talks on a bilateral deal when the two leaders meet at the White House this month. Last week, Abe signaled he was open to a bilateral trade deal with the U.S. after Trump formally withdrew from the TPP in one of his first acts as president.” Politics Trump Transition “Senate Republicans took an extraordinary step Wednesday to move forward with two of President Donald Trump’s top Cabinet nominees after confronting a boycott from Democrats. Under committee rules, it is required that at least one Democrat be present for the panel to vote to send a nominee to the Senate floor. On Tuesday, not a single Democrat showed up, putting the two nominations at a standstill. Committee Chairman Orrin Hatch, a Utah Republican, pointed to the ‘extraordinary circumstances’ surrounding the gathering and allowed the Republicans in the room vote to suspend the rules of the committee. With the committee rules suspended, the 14 Republicans in the room voted to move the Mnuchin and Price nominations to the full Senate, even without the presence of a single member of the opposite party” [CNN]. “‘If we end up with that gridlock, I would say, if you can, Mitch, go nuclear,’ Trump told reporters during a meeting with judicial advocates in the Roosevelt Room” [The Hill]. Background on the nuclear option at NC here; remember when Obama used the nuclear option to defeat Republican obstruction and pass Medicare for All in 2009? Oh, wait… To be fair, Harry Reid did modify the filibuster four years later, in 2013, to get some judges appointed. And here we are; sow the wind, reap the whirlwind. “Potential nominee profile: Neil Gorsuch” [SCOTUSblog]. Best background. “The Daily 202: Supreme Court pick rewards Republicans for sticking with Trump, vindicates McConnell strategy” [WaPo]. This is actually a good round-up, with lots of linky goodness. “Neil Gorsuch, the Nominee for a Stolen Seat” [New York Times]. “Supreme Court nominations are among the most important decisions a president makes, and certainly the most enduring: A nominee like Judge Gorsuch could sit on the court for more than three decades. At a rally last summer Mr. Trump said: ‘Even if you can’t stand Donald Trump, you think Donald Trump is the worst, you’re going to vote for me. You know why? Justices of the Supreme Court.’ That may have played well on the campaign trail, but Mr. Trump’s failure to choose a more moderate candidate is the latest example of his refusal to acknowledge his historic unpopularity and his nearly three-million-vote loss to Hillary Clinton.” Shaking their tiny fists… At least this is creative: Sherrod Brown 1st senator to announce opposition to Gorsuch: &#39;Cannot support any nominee who doesn&#39;t recognize corporations are not people.&#39; pic.twitter.com/BvkqUUxZcA &mdash; Kyle Griffin (@kylegriffin1) February 1, 2017 Good for Sherrod Brown. Cory Booker was probably “nauseated” by this… “The case for Supreme Court term limits has never been stronger” [Vox]. And how is that going to happen? This classic piece of Voxness is of a piece with all the Democrat stiffing and blinding since election day. It’s all about process. Poor election result? Work the faithless electors (which backfired). Or abolish the electoral college (which they are powerless to do). Or yammer about “democratic norms” (which they are powerless to protect). Or whinge about unfairness (which means is that the Republicans knew how to work the rules better than they did). All this whinging is about process. It has nothing to do with concrete material benefits to voters. I’m gonna go out on a limb here and suggest a radical shift in strategy for Democrats, so radical I’m gonna set it off in bold: Democrats! Start winning elections! Then you’ll have the power to do stuff! You could even give voters nice things! You can’t beat something with nothing, and to voters, process is nothing! It would help Democrats if they stopped reinforcing failure by leaving losers in charge, and if they didn’t double down on fail with strategy and tactics. If I never hear another Trump piss joke in my life, it will be too soon. “Progressives” turned making jokes about W’s stupidity into an art form — now, of course, he’s a beloved figure with a lovely family because Trump — and what did it accomplish? Two terms for the dude, and horrible policies that Obama only rationalized and normalized. Stop it! “Trump administration is radicalizing Democratic voters, creating a challenge for the party, Rep. Adam Schiff says” [Los Angeles Times]. That’s a shame. This is classic: “We have two of the most capable strategists as the head of our House and Senate Democrats,” Schiff added, referring to House Democratic leader Nancy Pelosi of San Francisco and Senate Democratic leader Sen. Charles E. Schumer of New York. “If anybody can grapple with this, they can, but it’s going to be a challenging and moving target day to day.” “I just hope that we can channel that energy in a way where we can provide a check on this administration because I’ve never been more worried about the country’s future than I am right now,” he said. “A check on this administration” says it all. When are Democrats going to be for something? I mean, besides Third Way-style Clintonian excrementalism? “So most members of Congress had no idea the travel ban was coming, but a handful of congressional staffers helped the Trump administration write it? And they signed non-disclosure agreements so they wouldn’t even be able to tell their bosses (members of Congress, and, ultimately, US taxpayers) about the side work? And everyone is OK with this? The disclosure that staffers on Rep. Robert Goodlatte’s House Judiciary Committee worked alongside Trump aides on this order should be rocking Capitol Hill. It suggests that the administration was trying to work as quickly as it could and as quietly as feasible – a potentially troubling template for the future. If members of Congress aren’t troubled by this, they’re missing a big warning sign for the separation of powers” [The Note]. “Lob­by­ists and re­port­ers alike will look back at the eight years of the Obama pres­id­ency as a sleepy peri­od with not that much go­ing on. While it is hard to ima­gine many of Trump’s pro­pos­als will ac­tu­ally make their way through the le­gis­lat­ive pro­cess, even the threat of some of these things hap­pen­ing has to be taken ser­i­ously giv­en that Re­pub­lic­ans con­trol not only the White House but the House and Sen­ate as well. Trump can also do a lot of things by ex­ec­ut­ive or­der. Who can be sure of any­thing any­more?” [Charles Cook, Cook Political Report]. Volatility, however, creates opportunity…. Gnashing of Teeth and Rending of Garments “Clinton will reflect on 2016 race in new book” [AP]. ” The book, still untitled, is structured around hundreds of favorite quotations that have inspired her. The publisher said Clinton will use the quotes to ‘tell stories from her life, up to and including her experiences in the 2016 presidential campaign’ and into her thoughts on the future.” So, she can still fund staffers to collect the quotes. “Clinton will also resume her relationship with the Harry Walker Agency. Wednesday’s announcements mark a growing re-emergence for Clinton.” That was fast. Realignment and Legitimacy “Among all Americans in the [collected and reported by communications marketing firm Edelman as a supplement to the firm’s annual global trust survey], 57% believe the ‘system’ is failing while only 10% believe it is working. A third were uncertain” [247 Wall Street]. “More than three-quarters (76%) of respondents said they were concerned about widespread corruption; nearly as many (74%) said they were concerned about globalization; and two-thirds said they were concerned about erosion in social values. Almost as many (66%) said they were concerned regarding immigration, and 61% were concerned about the pace of change and innovation. Along voting lines, 67% of Trump voters were fearful that the system is failing, compared with 45% of Clinton voters. Trump voters were twice as likely to fear immigration and globalization.” “This Is How Steve Bannon Sees The Entire World” [BuzzFeed]. We ran this in Links back on 11/17, but it’s worth a rerun. Bannon is certainly crazypants, but is he more crazypants than The Blob? Hard to say. Stats Watch Purchasing Managers’ Manufacturing Index, January 2017: “[V]ery strong” [Econoday]. “New orders accelerated at a 2-year high in the month with both output and employment also showing gains. In an unusual sign of strength, the sample is intentionally boosting inventories in anticipation of strong conditions this year.” Institute For Supply Management Manufacturing Index, January 2017: “[S]ignaling the strongest conditions in the factory sector since the oil-price collapse of 2014” [Econoday]. And: “[A]bove expectations… and suggests manufacturing expanded at as faster pace in January than in December” [Calculated Risk]. And: “12 of the 18 industries reported growth for the month with business generally optimistic” [Economic Calendar]. But: “Overall, surveys do not have a high correlation to the movement of industrial production (manufacturing) since the Great Recession..Note that new orders sub-index insignificantly improved” [Econintersect]. ADP Employment Report, January 2017: “ADP is calling for substantial strength in Friday’s employment report, at 246,000 for private payrolls” [Econoday]. “More negative pull comes from public construction spending which fell a sharp 1.7 percent in the month. Educational spending fell 2.2 percent with highways & streets down 0.6 percent.” And: “well above the consensus forecast” [Calculated Risk]. And but: “This report is very good with growth in almost every sector. ADP employment has not been a good predictor of BLS non-farm private job growth” [Econintersect]. And: “ADP is often not exactly in line with the BLS report, but what the report does tend to do is indicate a directional bias” [247 Wall Street]. Construction Spending, December 2016: “Construction spending fell 0.2 percent in December but details show welcome gains for housing” [Econoday]. And: “Public construction returned to contraction year-over-year whilst private construction remained in expansion. Overall, construction ended 2016 on a soft note – but did improve overall over 2015” [Econintersect]. MBA Mortgage Applications, week of January 27, 2017: “[F]ell a seasonally adjusted 6.0 percent” [Econoday]. “Though seesawing weekly on a seasonally adjusted basis, purchase applications have been surprisingly strong given the rising mortgage rate environment… far beyond expectations.” And: “Even with the recent increase in mortgage rates, purchase activity is still holding up” [Calculated Risk]. “However refinance activity has declined significantly.” Retail: “Starbucks is also facing pressure from declining traffic at shopping malls and restaurants as customer shopping habits change and people increasingly choose to eat at home” [Business Insider]. “But Schultz insisted that Starbucks is immune to that industrywide trend because the coffee chain provides an emotional experience for consumers, he said.” Coops: “From Grocery Stores to Labor Unions, Cooperatives Were the Answer” [Yes! (DB)]. Round-up of Ohio, Nevada, and North Carolina (part of a series). Coops: The city just released a report on the second year of the initiative. In fiscal year 2016, it supported 27 worker cooperatives to launch their businesses, supported business development services to a total of 49 worker cooperatives (totaling 280 worker-owners), and saw 164 new hires at worker-owned firms that received support from the city (not all hires are full worker-owners). The city also reports that it supported outreach to 2,164 entrepreneurs interested in converting existing businesses into worker cooperatives. All of those numbers are higher than in last year’s report” [Next City (DS)]. Stocks: “Apple adds massive amounts of cash to the balance sheet every quarter, which is obviously a good thing. But as long as the company cranks out cash instead of using it effectively, earnings growth will be discounted” [Thomas Kee, MarketWatch]. Kee recommends shorting Apple. Punish them for taking away the MagSafe Connector! * * * Still working through the Bezzle Backlog: The Bezzle: “The high prices Americans pay for generic drugs may have been cooked up by pharmaceutical salespeople on golf courses, at a New Jersey steakhouse or over drinks at “Girls Nights Out” in Minnesota” [Seattle Times]. “Details emerging from an investigation show that drug-company employees gathered regularly at such places and conspired to keep prices and profits high, according to interviews and a complaint filed in U.S. District Court by the attorneys general of 20 states, including Washington.” The Bezzle: “On Wednesday, a participant in JPMorgan’s $21 billion 401(k) plan filed a class action lawsuit against the bank, claiming that its retirement fund managers picked in-house investment products over cheaper rivals, costing employees ‘tens of millions of dollars in losses'” [DealBreaker]. “Not only did the retirement committee choose pricier JPMorgan products for its employee retirement funds, the lawsuit claims, they also failed to structure the investments as collective trusts, which are commonly used by large institutional investors to reduce costs. The suit also questions the retirement committee’s use of JPMorgan business partner BlackRock for passive investments when other vehicles would have been cheaper.” Tragic. If we would just hand over Social Security to Wall Street, they wouldn’t be forced to go bottom feeding like this… The Bezzle: “Uber ordered to pay $20m in fines following (probably last ever) FTC investigation into dishonest advertising” [Pando]. “You might have missed it, what with the world ending and all, but this past Thursday, Uber agreed to pay a total of $20m to drivers in 18 US cities after making false claims about the earning potential.” For a moment, I thought that meant Uber made false claims about “earnings potential” to investors….. The Bezzle: “In New York, a June study by two non-profits that advocate for affordable housing found that the top 20 neighborhoods for Airbnb listings in Manhattan and Brooklyn had average rent increases almost twice those found in the city as a whole between 2011 and 2015” [Bloomberg]. “A group of New Orleans-based volunteers published a paper that found that the average rent on an entire home on Airbnb in that city was $251 a night, compared with an average of $26 a night for a full-time renter. A study in San Francisco found that neighborhoods with the highest number of evictions in a one-year period also had the highest number of commercial hosts on Airbnb.” And code enforcement in cities has been gutted, so renters have taken to hiring private investigators to catch the landlords doing this…. The Bezzle: “As privatized platforms like Academia.edu look to monetize scholarly writing even further, researchers, scientists and academics across the globe must now consider alternatives to proprietary companies that aim to profit from our writing and offer little transparency as to how our work will be used in the future” [Forbes]. “In other words: It is time to delete your Academia.edu account.” Yes, that *.edu extension is deceptive. The Bezzle: “Elon Musk hasn’t given up on his vision to add a digital layer of intelligence to our brain” [Business Insider]. As long as the business model is software-as-a-service… * * * Political Risk: “[Transparency International] said populist leaders like U.S. President Donald Trump and French presidential candidate Marine Le Pen regularly drew links between a ‘corrupt elite’ and the marginalization of working people. But anti-establishment parties generally failed to address corruption once in office, the group said” [Reuters]. Political Risk: “̌The Fed is likely to respond to fiscal stimulus that requires borrowing by jacking up interest rates. That seems to be the signal that Yellen, and at least one of the central bank’s other top officials, are sending” [MarketWatch]. The Donald better crank up “Audit the Fed.” Which would be popular. Today’s Fear & Greed Index: 51 Neutral (previous close: 54, Neutral) [CNN]. One week ago: 59 (Greed). (0 is Extreme Fear; 100 is Extreme Greed). Last updated Feb 1 at 11:27am. Nervous stomachs… Class Warfare “Reclaiming the Commons” [Boston Review (DB)]. “The fact that people volunteer their time to work on community gardens, or that scientists openly share their research results with trusted colleagues, or that people post useful information on the Internet for free, seems aberrational or at least marginal in terms of conventional economic thinking. But while cooperation may not conform to the general rule of rationally self-interested behavior, the efficacy of social negotiation and cooperation can be seen in dozens of smaller-scale commons.” “It may come as a surprise that Americans are less likely to start a business, move to another region of the country, or switch jobs now than at any time in recent memory. But dynamism is in retreat nationwide and in nearly every measurable respect” [Economic Innovation Group]. “Workers at Trump’s Washington hotel vote to join union, casting spotlight on potential conflicts” [WaPo]. Nice to read about the marches in favor of this. Oh, wait…. Seriously, you’d think this would be a golden opportunity for Democrats to frame themselves as being for — as in for something, anything — the working class. And the hotel is right in DC! But hotel workers are smelly proles, I guess. They don’t work at Starbucks on their laptops… News of the Wired “The secret to living a meaningful life” [BBC]. The jargon is a bit thick, but the idea of “personal projects” is, to me, compelling. I have several, and they’re helpful. * * * Readers, feel free to contact me with (a) links, and even better (b) sources I should curate regularly, and (c) to find out how to send me images of plants. Vegetables are fine! Fungi are deemed to be honorary plants! See the previous Water Cooler (with plant) here. And here’s today’s plant (Peter): Mazatlan blossom. Winter’s not the same everywhere… Readers, Water Cooler is a standalone entity, not supported by the very successful Naked Capitalism fundraiser just past. Now, I understand you may feel tapped out, but when and if you are able, please use the dropdown to choose your contribution, and then click the hat! Your tip will be welcome today, and indeed any day. Water Cooler will not exist without your continued help. Donate $25$50$75$100 20200 This entry was posted in Water Cooler on February 1, 2017 by Lambert Strether. About Lambert Strether Lambert Strether has been blogging, managing online communities, and doing system administration 24/7 since 2003, in Drupal and WordPress. Besides political economy and the political scene, he blogs about rhetoric, software engineering, permaculture, history, literature, local politics, international travel, food, and fixing stuff around the house. The nom de plume “Lambert Strether” comes from Henry James’s The Ambassadors: “Live all you can. It’s a mistake not to.” You can follow him on Twitter at @lambertstrether. http://www.correntewire.com View all posts by Lambert Strether → Post navigation ← How Colonialism Shaped Modern Inequality Ilargi: Unrest Is The Only Growth Industry Left → Subscribe to Post Comments 207 comments Roger Smith February 1, 2017 at 2:19 pm “RESISTANCE” Coming November 2017 MSRP: $23.99 Chapter 1: Meditations in the Woods… The Walden of our times… Clinton will emerge from her hermitage with a full beard. Reply ↓ nowhere February 1, 2017 at 3:09 pm Or: “Thus Spake Clintonthustra” Theme: “Man as a race is merely a bridge between animals and the Übermensch. Clinton also makes a point that the Übermensch is not an end result for a person, but more the journey toward self-mastery.” Reply ↓ Jim Haygood February 1, 2017 at 4:33 pm Likely the Clintons’ headstones will play an endless tape loop featuring highlights of their speeches, so they can continue haranguing us till eternity. Also a wishing well, so Chelsea and Marc can harvest the quarters thrown by visiting pilgrims. And a coin-operated peanut dispenser to feed the squirrels. Reply ↓ Binky February 1, 2017 at 8:21 pm And Fleetwood Mac. Reply ↓ redleg February 1, 2017 at 9:46 pm Or “It’s Not My Fault” Or “The Foundation of My Country” Or “My Turn – How Putin Ruined the Coronation of The Liberator of Libya and Helper of Haiti” Reply ↓ Ruben February 2, 2017 at 12:18 am Or “You Failed Me” Reply ↓ Lambert Strether Post authorFebruary 2, 2017 at 1:42 am “Cattle Futures” Reply ↓ WheresOurTeddy February 2, 2017 at 2:02 pm Der SteppenHill Reply ↓ JohnL February 1, 2017 at 2:20 pm Bumper sticker in the ‘hood. “I’ll believe corporations are people when Texas executes one” Reply ↓ LarryB February 1, 2017 at 3:46 pm They would have to find an innocent one first! Reply ↓ Jim Haygood February 1, 2017 at 2:22 pm “Clinton has another project in the works: She will reissue her best-selling “It Takes a Village” in an illustrated edition for young people, Simon and Schuster told the AP.” That Trump-I-am That Trump-I-am! I do not like That Trump-I-am Do you like Humbug and sham I do not like them, Trump-I-am I do not like Humbug and sham Would you like them Here or there? I would not like them Here or there I would not like them Anywhere I do not like Humbug and sham I do not like them, Trump-I-am And so forth … Reply ↓ frosty zoom February 1, 2017 at 2:52 pm would you down it with a wall, would you down it with some gall? Reply ↓ Anne February 1, 2017 at 2:53 pm Or perhaps, she can write “Trumpelstiltzkin.” [full disclosure: I didn’t come up with that, I saw it in a headline at the WaPo on Sunday] Reply ↓ paul lukasiak February 1, 2017 at 11:43 pm An even better variant is Trumpelthinskin Reply ↓ Robert Hahl February 1, 2017 at 3:23 pm “That was fast” is right. It took Gore about 15 months to shave his beard. Reply ↓ MyLessThanPrimeBeef February 1, 2017 at 3:55 pm Hopefully, for the environment, not with a disposable razor. Reply ↓ uncle tungsten February 2, 2017 at 12:05 am Gore sold out the environment at the Kyoto protocol signing with $Bill Clinton. That was when real change needed to happen. Gore failed and repented with a useless video. Gore failed! Reply ↓ David February 1, 2017 at 2:23 pm For anyone interested in the current political chaos in France, today was another day rich in developments. The Canard enchainé (sold out today, in Paris anyway) published more Penelopegate details, notably that she earnt even more than was earlier thought – nearly €1M over 15 years. The constituency office was apparently also run from Fillon’s home address, though he received funds for it. Fillon stopped employing his wife just weeks before a new law would have made it compulsory to declare that she was working for him. Le Monde has a useful summary of the various allegations here which should be comprehensible with Google Translate. On the legal side, it’s now clear that, whereas the state will have to prove that Penelope was not working while she was drawing a salary (difficult, though not impossible) the allegation that she was paid by a billionaire friend of Fillon’s to work on his magazine but never did anything reverses the burden of proof, and she and her employer will have to produce evidence that she actually did something – not very easy, so far as anyone can see. If they can’t provide the evidence, then conceivably criminal charges could be brought. For the first time,people are speculating that Fillon might be forced out of the race quite soon, in which case the consequences for French (and to some extent European) politics are impossible to foresee, but potentially very serious; people tell me that the whole government machine is slowing down, because no-one knows who will be in charge in May, or even if the present political system will last. Significantly, François Bayrou, the respected independent right-wing politician, is publicly talking for the first time about running. Meanwhile, Fillon has completely lost it. He’s described the revelations as an attempted “left-wing coup” and stumbles from one unsatisfying “explanation” to the next, punctuated by fits of paranoia and outbursts of anger. Reply ↓ Bugs Bunny February 1, 2017 at 2:58 pm Thanks David. Le Parisien informal poll is at 73% that Fillon should withdraw. Macron is the Establishment choice but will he beat Marine? I would have a hard time putting a paper with Macron’s name in the ballot box. As would many others where I’m at. Reply ↓ OpenThePodBayDoorsHAL February 1, 2017 at 3:30 pm Macron associated himself with the word “socialism” and given Hollande’s current 4% approval rating that’s probably not that clever Reply ↓ David February 1, 2017 at 3:54 pm Macron was a minister in a government of the Socialist Party, on loan from a merchant bank. He’s a socialist in the same sense that George Soros is. He’s a walking compendium of neoliberal clichés, but attractive to those who want change at more or less any price except that of having Le Pen. Opinion polls today said he would beat Le Pen in a second-round match-up, for what that’s worth. Ironically, socialism as an idea remains popular in France, it’s just that it doesn’t actually have a plausible political champion. Reply ↓ JustAnObserver February 1, 2017 at 7:34 pm ISTR for the 2002 French presidential election when the run-off was between Jacques Chirac and Marine’s daddy Jean-Marie the “left” told their supporters to vote for Chirac to keep Le Pen out. Leading to a famous magazine cover showing a voter with a clothespeg on his nose casting a ballot for Chirac. Are we back there again ? Reply ↓ David February 2, 2017 at 5:16 am There’s some debate about this, but I personally don’t think so. Le Pen is not her father, and the economic and social situation is much worse than in 2002. Chirac had a status that none of the current candidates possesses, unpopular as he was at the time. There’s no doubt that whoever faces Le Pen in the second round (assuming she’s there) will play this card but it won’t be as effective as last time. More likely, people just won’t vote. Reply ↓ Jim Haygood February 1, 2017 at 3:23 pm Surely Putin is responsible for this. :-( Reply ↓ Foppe February 1, 2017 at 3:39 pm Hurray! Reply ↓ alex morfesis February 1, 2017 at 4:01 pm This fear of marine le pen working in a parliamentary system seems confused…but maybe my thoughts are pedestrian in that respect…she will not be in an American presidential type political position and will not command anywhere near 50%+ in parliament after the elections…. Will she “advocate” for her “extreme” positions…mostly likely…but will she have the overall votes within the parliament to push anything thru ??? Does she have some military machine about to or ready to invade her neighbours ?? She gets elected…she stumbles around…she gets booted…her noise factory crawls back under five percent support by 2018… she goes off and writes a book Reply ↓ David February 1, 2017 at 4:41 pm The French president is very powerful, but the government and parliament make the laws. I’m sticking to my view that Le Pen won’t get a parliamentary majority even if she wins the presidential election. It’s quite possible, indeed, that nobody will be able to form a government, which could lead to absolute chaos in France and beyond. This is why her likely opponent in the second round is so important. Le Pen isn’t going to declare war on anyone: her real target is Brussels, and if Europe were a country she’d be a regionalist demanding greater devolution of powers to local level. But the effect of her candidature might be to crash the system entirely, since she reflects a very powerful constituency (on the Left as well as the Right) which is fed up with Brussels and is demanding that its powers be rolled back. All of the other possible winners without exception think Brussels is great, and there should be more of it, so if one of them wins, there will be real problems. Reply ↓ JTMcPhee February 1, 2017 at 4:47 pm Isn’t following corruption around just as much fun as a whole barrel of monkeys? Especially when they get loose in the house. Reply ↓ Anon February 1, 2017 at 2:25 pm Either my eyes are failing me, or everything past the Trump Transition header is centered. Reply ↓ Lambert Strether Post authorFebruary 2, 2017 at 1:44 am I think it’s good; I just checked the center tags, and they balance. Try refreshing. OTOH, yes, I’m moving toward the moderate center! Reply ↓ L February 1, 2017 at 2:29 pm I do beg your indulgence but I have to get this off my chest: “We have two of the most capable strategists as the head of our House and Senate Democrats,” Schiff added, referring to House Democratic leader Nancy Pelosi of San Francisco and Senate Democratic leader Sen. Charles E. Schumer of New York. What credible evidence do you base this on Mr. Schiff? Do you base this on their stunning inability to implement the party platform when they had a majority? Do you base it on the fact that they managed to go 8 years fighting a losing battle despite at times having control of two branches and having public support? Do you base this on their decision to treat the R’s decision to block Merrick Garland as a fundraising opportunity and not a genuine political crisis? Do you base this on their inability to even get the caucases behind lower drug prices? Do you base it on the stunning way in which they fought to keep campaign funds with the senate and house committees rather than releasing them to sustain Clinton’s failed and overpriced campaign? What, WHAT do you call a success here? Reply ↓ Roger Smith February 1, 2017 at 2:33 pm Schiff would likely respond by calling you a Russian puppet. This guy needs to be tossed out as quickly as possible. I would believe it if someone said he was a rudimentary cyborg. I love the terminology he is using. “Radicalizing” as in TERRORISM! *Shock/Awe* Clutch the pearls. Reply ↓ Buck Eschaton February 1, 2017 at 3:49 pm Jimmy Dore did a great segment on Schiff’s appearance on Tucker Carlson’s show back in December regarding Russia. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KAq9hgTLAZ8 Reply ↓ Roger Smith February 1, 2017 at 4:25 pm Carlson handed him a well deserved beating. How do Disney carousel animatronics get Congressional seats? Were those supposed to stay in the parks? Reply ↓ RUKidding February 1, 2017 at 2:40 pm Thanks. I didn’t know whether to barf or bang my head against the wall (because it would feel better than reading such obvious hack tripe) when I read that. Those two are the WORST. Big giant corporate suck ups, who did absolute bupkiss for the rank and file, while, no doubt, they raked in the do-see-dough from their corporate sponsors. To quote Moon Unit: gag me with a spoon. Reply ↓ Vatch February 1, 2017 at 2:46 pm Adam Schiff is a disciple of KellyAnne Conway and her theory of the categorical metaphysics of alternative facts. Reply ↓ Quentin February 1, 2017 at 2:49 pm Mr. Schiff is completely aware of everything you say, L, but he nevertheless stands by his assessment of Schumer and Pelosi because he knows a lot of things you can’t understand. Maybe he is too humble to complement them openly for losing every election after 2008. ‘Heck ‘uv a job.’ Where have we heard that before? Please excuse for not being able to make a more constructive and helpful comment. I’m just a 71 year old child of his times who is appalled that the Democrats have completely turned to trash. Reply ↓ John Wright February 1, 2017 at 3:35 pm “knows a lot of things you can’t understand” This reminds me of the Vietnam war citizen supporters who would say “the government knows things we don’t” to justify the USA’s involvement. In retrospect, after Daniel Elsberg published the Pentagon Papers, it was true the government did know things we didn’t. Not that the previously hidden information made the Vietnam war make any more sense. Reply ↓ Grizziz February 1, 2017 at 3:09 pm Excementalism: love the neologism! Reply ↓ Lambert Strether Post authorFebruary 2, 2017 at 1:46 am Thank you. Do feel free to propagate. Reply ↓ sgt_doom February 1, 2017 at 6:10 pm Well, Nancy’s son did work at Countrywide, that must count for something? (/sarc) And Schumer, now there’s a case study in corruption. But I’ve always thought Adam Schiff to be an idiot, especially since the other day I saw him on CNN (Fake News) accusing Trump of being insensitive to ISIS? You can’t make this stuff up . . . Reply ↓ Pirmann February 1, 2017 at 9:06 pm I saw it last night in real time… Nancy Pelosi’s town hall. Freakin’ awesome. Paraphrasing slightly: “Um, uh, we’re a capitalist country… oh dear, I don’t know if we’re running out of time…” [facial expression: PLEASE be running out of time] One of the two Democrat capable strategists right there. Brad linked to the key question non-answer earlier, and I agree with the comments he posted in that regard also. Reply ↓ jgordon February 1, 2017 at 9:08 pm I took this is a positive sign. It shows that these people are so out of touch that they’ll soon separate from the atmosphere and venture out into deep space. Then we’ll finally be rid of them. Reply ↓ uncle tungsten February 2, 2017 at 12:24 am They will be part of the Martian welcoming committee when Elon Musk lands. Reply ↓ pretzelattack February 2, 2017 at 12:43 am updated ambrose bierce definition “exile–one who is deep space in service of one’s planet, yet is not an ambassador” Reply ↓ cocomaan February 1, 2017 at 2:33 pm Lambert said: It’s all about process. My wife and I watched the DeVos hearing. While there were a few notable Democrat questions, most of the time was spent asking for a second round of questions, quibbling about precedent for questions, speeches about identity politics, and lately, quibbling about voting in absentia. The committee voted twice on Ms. DeVos’s nomination after Democrats protested against a vote cast on behalf of Senator Orrin G. Hatch, Republican of Utah, who was initially absent. I realize that the minority in either chamber has limited power, but the Democrats do not even seem to believe in their appeals to process and fairness. Warren was the most animated, but even she sat down at the end. None of them dared to go toe to toe with Lamar Alexander, especially Murray, who is tiny in stature and did not put the lie to it by standing on the table and screaming bloody murder. The Dems have a long way to go as an opposition party. If you want to make process your sword, you have to wield it. Reply ↓ Jim Haygood February 1, 2017 at 5:55 pm If the past is any guide, J-Yel’s mid-February Humphrey-Hawkins testimony to the House Financial Services and Senate Banking Committees will be much the same. Most of the committee members waste their allotted time making ideological set-piece speeches, and asking barbed questions which the Chair effortlessly deflects with anodyne circumlocutions. Perhaps one fifth of the members are both intelligent and informed enough to ask questions that actually elicit useful information. So little wheat, so much chaff. It was ever thus, and always will be. :-( Reply ↓ sgt_doom February 1, 2017 at 6:13 pm You have to understand that one of the interrogators was Sen. Patty Murray (WA-faux crat), who just recently voted AGAINST lowering the costs on medicines and votes for any and every piece of legislation promoting privatization and the offshoring of jobs which passes before her. Reply ↓ Old Jake February 1, 2017 at 6:22 pm Still keeping their powder dry. Reply ↓ Big River Bandido February 1, 2017 at 6:50 pm Why would Democrats oppose DeVos? She favors privatization and other neoliberal schemes to dismantle society, and so do they. They just can’t say so openly. Reply ↓ Pirmann February 1, 2017 at 9:09 pm True. Also, not sure why anyone is opposing DeVos. Because she’ll “defund public education”? The public education system is abysmal and needs to be killed with fire. Public schools are terrible. Teacher pay in this country is terrible. Anything has to be better than this. Reply ↓ bob February 1, 2017 at 11:01 pm How, exactly, does bringing in billionaires, who all want their outsized cut, and removing any semblance of local control, “help” public education? Reply ↓ stillfeelintheberninwi February 1, 2017 at 11:08 pm i will disagree with this sweeping statement. I live in Wisconsin, was educated in a public school in Wisconsin and have employed people educated in public schools in Wisconsin, spend my days with fine people all educated in public schools. There is no evidence that public schools are terrible. Quite the contrary. Yes, there are some schools that struggle, but the problem there is poverty. If you want to criticize, give some real facts that back up your argument. There is no evidence that blowing up the public school system with vouchers or some other privitization mechanism will result in outcomes that differ from that of the public schools. 20 yrs of voucher experiments in Milwaukee have not shown that they work any better. Teacher pay, yes that could use some improvement. Think privatization is going to help that? Hell no. Reply ↓ Marbles February 2, 2017 at 12:04 am Upvote! Reply ↓ pretzelattack February 2, 2017 at 12:44 am wait a second, isn’t voting against betsy devos sexist and racist? Reply ↓ flora February 1, 2017 at 2:38 pm ““The secret to living a meaningful life” [BBC]. The jargon is a bit thick, but the idea of “personal projects” is, to me, compelling. I have several, and they’re helpful.” I think it’s become harder to do, what with smartphones and social media carefully crafted to keep people glued to their screens. imo. “The average person checks their phone 150 times a day. Why do we do this? Are we making 150 conscious choices? One major reason why is the number one psychological ingredient in slot machines: intermittent variable rewards.” http://www.spiegel.de/international/zeitgeist/smartphone-addiction-is-part-of-the-design-a-1104237.html Reply ↓ MyLessThanPrimeBeef February 1, 2017 at 3:05 pm Intermittent variable rewards – many biology-enslaved teenage boys should know that by heart. Conditioned this way repeatedly, they grow up to vote the same way. “I am still waiting for my Messiah, who will be perfect in every way, and fulfill all my wishes. Forget politics is the art of the possible.” Reply ↓ JTMcPhee February 1, 2017 at 4:54 pm On a meaningful life: When I got back from Vietnam, there was a little crisis of meaning. Nothing like Auschwitz survivor Victor Frankl had to deal with, but I found some direction and solace in his book, “Man’s Search for Meaning.” The Wiki entry on the book is pretty weak, but at least gives a taste of what Frankl worked out and then conveyed. https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Man%27s_Search_for_Meaning Reply ↓ reslez February 1, 2017 at 5:46 pm “The inner hold a prisoner has on his spiritual self relies on having a hope in the future, and that once a prisoner loses that hope, he is doomed.” We’re all prisoners of capitalism and a lot of us have no hope. Maybe that’s why death rates are increasing in the US. Reply ↓ Jim Haygood February 1, 2017 at 5:58 pm You are locked in a prison Of your own devise — The Doors, “Unhappy Girl” Reply ↓ JTMcPhee February 1, 2017 at 10:39 pm Two items: first, there’s more from Frankl, to the notion that love is the effective medicine for melancholy. And another avenue to travel is the path of Futilitarianism. Gaggle interestingly did not return any hits when I looked at the subject recently, but DDG had a couple of entries right at the top. That appears somehow to have been fixed in the Gaggle search engine: http://www.amerika.org/social-reality/futilitarianism/ Maybe Putin trying to dismay the West? Or Hammon up to another Bernaysian trick? Messages in bottles… Reply ↓ PhilM February 2, 2017 at 7:45 pm Your comment cheapens Frankl’s insights in a way that insults the intelligence and sensibility of everyone who has encountered either his work or the reality that inspired them. Nobody is a prisoner of an ideology. That is exactly Frankl’s point. For heaven’s sake, go read a book. Reply ↓ jgordon February 1, 2017 at 9:19 pm These kinds of navel gazing exercises are both amusing and pointless. The answer to living a meaningful life is found in the Dao De Ching. Meditate on the Dao and all will become clear. Reply ↓ PhilM February 2, 2017 at 7:46 pm Meditate on glass, and it will all become clear. It does not matter what you meditate on: the medium is the message. Reply ↓ DanB February 1, 2017 at 2:40 pm “Clinton will reflect on 2016 race in new book” [AP]. ” The book, still untitled, is structured around hundreds of favorite quotations that have inspired her.” I’m hoping for a structure that hi-lights Hillary’s private and public favorite quotations. Reply ↓ Tom February 1, 2017 at 2:56 pm Here are some quotes she can expound on: “Single Payer will never, ever come to pass.” or “There’s a special place in hell for women who don’t help each other!” or “You could put half of Trump’s supporters into what I call the basket of deplorables.” Reply ↓ PKMKII February 1, 2017 at 4:16 pm Don’t forget “there are so many places in our country where the banks are not doing what they need to do because they’re scared of regulations”. Reply ↓ Tom February 1, 2017 at 4:26 pm or “We need to use our diplomatic and more traditional intelligence assets to bring pressure on the governments of Qatar and Saudi Arabia, which are providing clandestine financial and logistic support to ISIL and other radical Sunni groups in the region.” Hillary Clinton emails Reply ↓ Arizona Slim February 1, 2017 at 4:44 pm Will this book share her public positions on issues — or her private positions? Reply ↓ Tom February 1, 2017 at 7:07 pm Private positions are included — in invisible ink. Reply ↓ SJB February 1, 2017 at 6:07 pm Don’t forget the classic, “We came, we saw, he died [cackle]!” Reply ↓ Tom February 1, 2017 at 7:11 pm I was going to add, “Why aren’t I 50 points ahead?”, but I think I’ll end with your Gaddafi quote. It really captures the pure essence of good ole Hillary, Destroyer of worlds. Reply ↓ PhilM February 2, 2017 at 7:49 pm This is it. The Venn diagram of evil and stupidity. This is so much more important than “grab her pussy”—although comparison are odious, to be sure. Reply ↓ Repuglican February 1, 2017 at 7:51 pm “there are so many places in our country where the banks are not doing what they need to do because they’re scared of regulations”. Wait, she said that? Man, she is really beginning to sound like a Republican. Reply ↓ pretzelattack February 2, 2017 at 12:48 am we need to free the banks from their chains so they can proceed to fail again. after all how can they justify getting bailed out if they haven’t failed? Reply ↓ optimader February 1, 2017 at 3:06 pm The book, still untitled, How about: ” How I spent $1,184.1M and all I got was this Teeshirt” https://www.bloomberg.com/politics/graphics/2016-presidential-campaign-fundraising/ Reply ↓ Vatch February 1, 2017 at 3:16 pm Aw shucks, that’s less than a dollar for each resident of China! Ditto for India. No wonder she didn’t win — her donors were too stingy! Reply ↓ Roger Smith February 1, 2017 at 3:41 pm HA! I love it! Reply ↓ Trixie from Dixie February 1, 2017 at 4:36 pm I wonder if her sales #’s will be on par with the stellar #’s of her last endeavor… They couldn’t give it away. Reply ↓ Whats in a name? February 1, 2017 at 5:06 pm You can vote on the title of the book here http://dailycaller.com/2017/02/01/poll-what-should-hillary-clinton-call-her-new-book-about-the-2016-campaign/ Reply ↓ ewmayer February 1, 2017 at 6:13 pm Yeah, but I was hoping for a ‘submit suggestions for new book title’ link, rather than ‘pick from our choices’. I wanted to submit “It Takes a Pillage.” Reply ↓ sgt_doom February 1, 2017 at 6:15 pm Since titles cannot be legally copyrighted: “The Russians Are Coming, the Russians Are Coming” Or, “Trump and Punishment“ Reply ↓ Mo's Bike Shop February 1, 2017 at 7:52 pm “It takes a Viking to raze a village” Reply ↓ Whats in a name? February 1, 2017 at 8:15 pm Like it. How about? The swine that got the pearls I couldn’t see the corruption for all the money War not peace Become President or Die Tryin’ Meaningless, utterly meaningless. There is a Time for Everything and Every Time I Lost Pride and Delusion Pride Goes before Destruction When thinking about it just about any of the Proverbs would describe perfectly well how she has failed as a blood-thirsty thorougly corrupt hard-core neoliberal. Reply ↓ PhilM February 2, 2017 at 7:57 pm Proverbs are much neglected; handy for any occasion: “When pride cometh, then cometh shame: but with the lowly is wisdom.” Reply ↓ alex morfesis February 1, 2017 at 10:25 pm Title for the new “best seller” by $hillary ? “I Takes A Village” ??? and other lessons children learn from me… Reply ↓ Tom February 1, 2017 at 7:13 pm Ha! Does the shirt include all her poll numbers from the week before the election on the back? Reply ↓ kimsarah February 1, 2017 at 11:58 pm How about, “I’ll never leave the White House dead broke again.” Reply ↓ Ruben February 2, 2017 at 12:37 am I remember the printing and selling of Steve Jobs autobiography, because a colleague’s wife gave it to him as a present. It was sold just after Jobs’ death. My colleague told me it was badly organized around events and phrases, totally chaotic, lacking in structure, pointless. I told him to his amusement, that there was not time to make it better, it has to be sold quickly, while the corpse was still warm. The market for such things has a short memory span. Reply ↓ L February 1, 2017 at 2:48 pm On a different note, the closing of the CNN piece is telling for how things will go: Democrats asked that Price offer clarify on “inaccurate and misleading answer to questions about privileged and discounted access to stocks,” and wanted Mnuchin to address “inaccurate and misleading answer to questions about the potentially illegal process known as robo-signing,” among other things. But with the two nominations already having been sent to the full Senate, Republicans are unlikely to cooperate. “I don’t care what they want at this point,” Hatch said. I wonder what life would be like if the Democrats acted like that a little more. Reply ↓ TheBellTolling February 1, 2017 at 3:54 pm That moment was 2009 and it’s gone. Republicans are going to break any checks on their power and just keep amassing power as they kill voting rights. The conservatives own the government until the boiling seas kill us off. Reply ↓ b1daly February 1, 2017 at 6:04 pm NC Commentiariat to the Dems: Whippings will continue until moral(e) improves! Reply ↓ John k February 2, 2017 at 12:29 am That’s backwards… it’s dem elites to progressives. Reply ↓ b1daly February 2, 2017 at 4:06 am That too It’s a chain of whippings Or a circular whipping party Reply ↓ reslez February 1, 2017 at 6:05 pm The current Democrats don’t fight like that because their donors and the Republican donors share 95% of the same interests. The contradiction for the Democrats is that their brand insists they talk about helping workers. Of course their donors know they don’t mean any of it. Democrats aren’t going to fight with strength the way Republicans fight because their donors don’t want them to win those fights. You can ignore what the Democrats say; their donors are the ones who matter. Democrats can yell about identity politics and gee it’s cute and doesn’t it make your heart feel good, but none of it makes a dime’s worth of difference in the life of the average worker. Instead we get half-hearted posturing and mysteriously consistent failures on prescription drugs and everything else. Reply ↓ Brad February 1, 2017 at 9:22 pm +1 Just ask Pelosi. Reply ↓ PhilM February 2, 2017 at 8:02 pm Absolutely. The rubber hits the road when politicians have to decide whether to “stay bought.” That means taking the money, then taking the heat, and not backing down. Then they get the money in the next cycle–exponentially. The major problem of the Democrats is they won’t stay bought. Half-hearted: “You cannot live by two names.” Reply ↓ Allegorio February 3, 2017 at 12:16 am The purpose of corporate Democrats, like $hillary Clinton is not to win elections or defeat right wing Republicans. As shown in the recent elections their purpose is to prevent true progressives like Senator Sanders from ever getting on the ballot. Despite not winning the Presidency, $hillary served her donors well, and will be appropriately rewarded, with huge publisher advances for a book that few will buy. Reply ↓ allan February 1, 2017 at 2:52 pm University of California to divest from Wells Fargo after Afrikan Black Coalition advocacy [Daily Californian] The University of California will terminate $475 million worth of contracts with Wells Fargo after repeated criticism from the Afrikan Black Coalition, or ABC, over its ties to private correctional facilities. ABC alleged in a press release that Wells Fargo finances CoreCivic, a company that owns private prisons and detention centers. Additionally, in 2012, Wells Fargo settled with the U.S. Department of Justice over allegations of discrimination against African-American and Hispanic borrowers. The university terminated a $25 million commercial paper contract with Wells Fargo in November 2016. According to the ABC press release, the university will end its $150 million interest reset contract by April 1. Two-thirds of the $300 million line of credit will be terminated by February, with the remaining $100 million to be terminated as soon as a replacement bank is found. … So, not actually divestment, but ceasing doing business with. Which is even better. Will we ever find out whether WF created any fake accounts in UC’s name? Reply ↓ JohnnyGL February 1, 2017 at 3:02 pm https://www.theguardian.com/environment/2017/jan/31/public-lands-sell-congress-bureau-management-chaffetz A co-worker sent this to me. It’s kind of funny how people who are more pro-establishment by nature are really uncomfortable in a real bar-room brawl style fight with someone like Trump and the rest of the reactionary Republicans. The guy was lamenting the sell off up public lands, and rightly so, I’d agree. He seemed much more uncomfortable with my suggestion that Dems should certainly fight now to stop it however they can. But absent that, they need to win the next election (possibly campaign on this very issue) and then launch criminals cases or civil law suits against the buyers to invalidate the sale and take the lands public again. After all, what’s the point of selling off the lands if it’s not to a buddy for pennies-on-the-dollar? Pretty much every privatization is like that to a greater or lesser degree. My co-worker snickered like this was radical crazy-talk and remarked about how it can’t be done and that it’s unprecedented. “So what?” was my response. Some Democrats just aren’t prepared to fight this kind of fight, it seems. It’s just not in their nature. I’m getting more optimistic in light of the targeted protests of Schumer and Feinstein. I think this mentality is changing somewhat in the present circumstances. Dem Senators seem to be more willing to try a bit harder to push back against Trump and the Repub agenda. We’ve gotta keep pressuring them. Reply ↓ DH February 1, 2017 at 3:14 pm Most of the Federal lands run by the BLM are in the Western states that have predominantly Republican representation in Congress and their state houses. Most of the heavy public users of the land are Republican voters who use it for hunting, fishing, guided trips, grazing, etc. It is not clear to me why Democrats representing states that don’t have a lot of Federal land need to be the leaders of the conservation movement to preserve this land for use by the conservatives who vote Republican in the states where the land is. At some point, the Republicans in Congress need to take responsibility for the consequences of their own policy initiatives. With Obama in the White House, it was easy because they could pass lots of bills through the House and Senate that would die on the President’s desk. Those bills won’t die there anymore, so if they put a bill through they need to be prepared to deal with the consequences. Reply ↓ JohnnyGL February 1, 2017 at 3:26 pm Fair point of clarification on that. The idea in my head is that Dems would challenge the Repubs in their respective western states (or other Repubs could launch primaries) and get to a majority by winning in states where they currently barely exist. It wasn’t that Dems from other states would be the ones to save the Repubs from their own bad proposals. I’m in a strongly true-blue city, so it’s lefties like me who are sick of the Dems pushing those who would defend the party. But keeping in mind the realities that you describe, these privatizations sound more like modern day enclosures. Reply ↓ EmilianoZ February 1, 2017 at 3:48 pm One day they’ll privatize the national parks. The half dome is gonna be some billionaire’s personal playground. Reply ↓ JTMcPhee February 1, 2017 at 4:58 pm As was Teapot Dome, in another looting era. Reply ↓ DH February 1, 2017 at 7:06 pm Theodore Roosevelt, one of the great Republican Presidents greatly expanded the national park system. Clean Water and Clean Air Acts were signed by Richard Nixon. RCRA (Hazardous and Solid Waste), TSCA (Toxic Substances), and SARA amendments to CERCLA (Superfund) were all acts signed by Ronald Reagan. Republicans have been at the core of environmental protection and conservation for the past century. However, today’s Republican party believes that corporations are people and have the same rights to public lands as people. Reply ↓ Oregoncharles February 1, 2017 at 5:22 pm Feinstein? Pelosi? California? Public lands are a huge issue in Oregon – we’ll see what Wyden the Weasel and Merkley (much better than expected) will do. Reply ↓ broadsteve February 1, 2017 at 3:04 pm Genuine question and re: need for Democrats to stand for something: Do US political parties publish Manifestos? I know systems and the nature of political parties are very different, but every party in the UK does so at election time, great deal of fuss and column inches dedicated to their contents and so on. Not really worth the paper they are written on but they are a thing and a flaccid sort of stick to try and beat politicians with. So wondering if there are similar documents for Dems and Republicans or is it entirely about the positions of individual candidates up and down the ballot? Reply ↓ nowhere February 1, 2017 at 3:18 pm They publish their party platform (during Presidential runs, at least). http://www.presidency.ucsb.edu/papers_pdf/117717.pdf Reply ↓ broadsteve February 1, 2017 at 3:26 pm Thanks – pretty similar on the face of it. Reply ↓ nowhere February 1, 2017 at 5:20 pm It was pretty messy for the D’s this past campaign, in that after a very close primary season, Bernie was more or less locked out from getting any planks into the party platform. Reply ↓ hunkerdown February 1, 2017 at 8:06 pm Manifestoes are more accountable than vision statements. No Congress ever got turfed out for failure to live up to its promises; indeed, lying is protected political speech when government officials do it.. Reply ↓ Brad February 1, 2017 at 9:29 pm No. US doesn’t have independent membership parties with programs (“manifestos”) the members can hold the leaders to. These are state-sponsored pseudo-parties. The US system is basically a permanent oligarchical-Bonapartist regime. Period. Reply ↓ PhilM February 2, 2017 at 8:07 pm If our regime were in fact Bonapartist, it would be a heck of a lot more efficient at mobilizing national resources. Wait–what exactly does Bonapartist mean? I thought that came after the revolution, not before. Reply ↓ b1daly February 2, 2017 at 4:24 am Both major parties are coalitions of unlikely allies, whose actual interests don’t align that well. The needs of the moneyed classes, who have traditionally supported both parties, get attended to above all. When it gets to questions of social justice, environmental protection, reproductive choice, I happen to think Dems are better than the Reps, though this seems to not be the consensus view in these parts. But particular ideological stances are not a big component of US politics. The Republicans and Democrats have shifted points of doctrine often in their attempts to govern. Interestingly, it was billionaire Trump who donned the sheepskin of populism this time. Now the wolf is not just at the door. He’s unpacking the U-Haul as the Sherrif totes the last of our stuff to the curb. Reply ↓ PhilM February 2, 2017 at 8:15 pm This is absolutely true. Tell me again why it is the needs of “the moneyed classes” that should not be attended to above all? Aren’t they paying for government, after all? “The workers” are so very fortunate that some kind of liberal conscience allows them suffrage to begin with. I have never figured out why that should be. If you don’t pay for Netflix, you don’t stream, right? Why should you have a say in government when you don’t pay for it? Reply ↓ Allegorio February 3, 2017 at 12:23 am Because the Market….! Reply ↓ DH February 1, 2017 at 3:04 pm Re: Alternative Facts Justin Trudeau’s office had to apply a lot of pressure to FoxNews yesterday to get them to delete a day-old tweet that erroneously attributed the Quebec City mosque shooting to a Muslim. It took quite a while, but FoxNews finally deleted it, probably with gritted teeth since it does go against their standard terrorism script. It was initially an unfortunate error on Monday as there was a Muslim witness who was taken into custody at about the same time as the shooter, but this error was cleared up in the rest of the media in fairly short order. It appears that some facts may be more equal than others. https://www.yahoo.com/news/trudeau-official-rips-fox-news-over-false-tweet-025413507.html Reply ↓ shinola February 1, 2017 at 3:11 pm Re the Seattle Times article on generic drug price fixing (The Bezzle) Nothing new about these “informal” tactics. Good ol’ Adam Smith had this to say: “People of the same trade seldom meet together, even for merriment or diversion, but the conversation ends in a conspiracy against the public, or in some contrivance to raise prices.” I think he may have onto something. Reply ↓ sgt_doom February 1, 2017 at 6:20 pm It’s really far more complex than that — the last time I seriously researched it (2009) there were a number of healthcare-dedicated hedge funds speculating in publicly held healthcare companies, medical equipment companies, nursing and medical personnel agencies, etc., etc., etc. Then there’s the upward price driver of private equity leveraged buyouts, so while non-competition in pharmaceutical pricing is a factor, it is one of many . . . Reply ↓ lyman alpha blob February 1, 2017 at 6:29 pm Thanks for finding that one – it came to mind when I read the excerpt but I couldn’t put my finger on the exact quote. Everybody seems to know about the ‘invisible hand’, or thinks they do, but they are pretty clueless when it comes to what Smith wrote about the way an economy really works. Reply ↓ steelhead23 February 1, 2017 at 3:17 pm I must take umbrage at the perception that the Dems need to win elections to have a policy voice. Historically, Senate and House rules regarding quorum needs and filibusters changed slowly, if at all. The need to obtain broad support for presidential appointments was respected. Even when the Democract-controlled Senate changed filibuster rules regarding presidential appointments in order to expedite confirmations of federal judges, they acknowledged the importance of broad support for Supreme Court justices and left the need for a 60-vote cloture intact. What Mr. Trump is requesting now, that his nominee be affirmed by a simple majority amounts to what I would term – backstabbing – and it would further diminish the value and prestige of the Senate. I suspect McConnell doesn’t give a damn. Also, while it would be possible to undo a large fraction of bad public policy following an election, were Mr. Gorsuch to become an Associate Justice of the SCOTUS, he would be there for life, and if the divestiture dingbats are able to sell off public lands they would be gone forever. The time for the banging of pans draws near. Reply ↓ Eureka Springs February 1, 2017 at 6:02 pm and it would further diminish the value and prestige of the Senate. What value? If any, we know to whom said value is for and it ain’t 95 percent or more of us. And who could possibly continue to find such anti democratic, war mongering, charlatans, with the sole purpose of being oligarch protection racketeers, prestigious? Abolish the United States Senate. Reply ↓ Pirmann February 1, 2017 at 9:12 pm I must take umbrage at the perception that the Dems need to win elections to have a policy voice. The only umbrage to be taken is perhaps that Dems previously did win elections and yet even then they still didn’t seem to find their policy voice… Reply ↓ Bunk McNulty February 1, 2017 at 3:19 pm Crazypants Bannon: On first reading, setting aside his Judeo-Christian vs. Islam war to the death, I thought he spoke sensibly about the indifference of global elites to the rest of us, and the dangers of crony capitalism. And then I thought, wait, is he not working for the very embodiment of crony capitalism? Is ol’ Steve confused, or totally corrupt? Gee whiz, which could it be? Reply ↓ Gary February 1, 2017 at 3:30 pm I worry about Steve’s liver. I mean, just look at him. He’s got to have a liver the size of a Labrador. Reply ↓ Carolinian February 1, 2017 at 3:38 pm Could be crazy like a fox–wants to tear down the current establish in toto. “I’m a Leninist,” Steve Bannon told a writer for The Daily Beast, in late 2013. “Lenin wanted to destroy the state, and that’s my goal, too. I want to bring everything crashing down, and destroy all of today’s establishment. http://www.newyorker.com/news/news-desk/steve-bannon-will-lead-trumps-white-house Whatever one thinks of that statement it’s possible there is a plan. more http://www.ianwelsh.net/the-method-to-trump-and-bannons-madness/ Reply ↓ MyLessThanPrimeBeef February 1, 2017 at 4:00 pm He might imagine himself to be Hercules “Clean up the stables in one day!” Reply ↓ nobody February 1, 2017 at 5:26 pm Earlier today Thomas Frank posted on Facebook: I keep thinking Steve Bannon is a character from one of my books. But no, I never met him or even heard of him until a few months ago. Still, the resemblance is uncanny. I never heard of Bannon until a few months ago, either, and until a couple-few weeks ago all I knew was what I had gleaned from Ian Welch’s posts where he was mentioned. In recent weeks though I’ve started watching or listening to interviews and reading articles, and at this point I’m inclined towards the edumacated hunch that, yes, there is a plan, or at least there are even odds that there’s a plan. Given what he seems to believe, this is probably not good news. Not good news at all. “I have a bad feeling about this,” wrote Rod Dreher, reacting to the Trump Inaugural. Me too. Reply ↓ Carolinian February 1, 2017 at 6:27 pm I don’t know much about him either but will say that all that Judeo-Christian talk in Lambert’s Buzzfeed link (from 2014) could be partly because he was, after all, talking to a religious conference. And to the extent that he was saying modern business and finance needs a stronger sense of ethics who can disagree? People who translate his religiosity into predictions that we are going to have a war against Islam are probably well over their skis. After all we’ve been there done that under Dubya. Reply ↓ jsn February 1, 2017 at 7:55 pm All of Trumps supposed bumbling and incompetence in the campaign was exactly the same “dazzle camouflage” we’re seeing now with the visa and other executive orders. While Lubrals chase those around like my cat chases a laser dot, he’s out courting all the major unions. Yes, there is a plan and so far it’s been fairly successful. Maybe the left can get its act together independently from the Lubrals and Democrats and actually bend it to some good, as I keep saying there is real overlap between what Trump needs to do to actually succeed and what Sanders and the real left are after. As Lambert keeps saying, real material benefits for ordinary people. The Lubrals don’t want that but the left does. Reply ↓ Allegorio February 3, 2017 at 12:34 am The plan is print a lot of money, privatize, privatize and privatize some more so that ethnically privileged white people own everything, and those that aren’t and don’t voluntarily serve their masters will rot in prisons, starve or be murdered by the militarized police. It’s as plain as the broad nose on your face. Reply ↓ jrs February 1, 2017 at 7:18 pm So it’s kinda Grover Norquest’s plan then? Government badly enough run to drown in a bathtub or something? Look if I thought this was going to bring anarchist paradise then wonderful … but what do you want to bet the rich are still rich, the empire is still waging wars even if ever more futile ones, and the rest of us are even worse off because since it was a deliberate plan to destroy we’re left to contend with the wreckage? Reply ↓ Waldenpond February 1, 2017 at 5:31 pm I thought he wanted a hierarchy of theocratic/corporate/state (no state) rule and was in opposition to state/corporate/religious rule. I’m on overload and have a headache. I still think this is the elites fighting over the spoils. Reply ↓ alex morfesis February 1, 2017 at 5:31 pm Steve “whatever it takes to get you to click thru” bannon believes in nothing but saying something to keep someone’s attention…and he is the blob…one of the people who it has been suggested will slide into the national security council area with him is (dr.) Sebastian Gorki…son of one Paul Gorki of purported Hungary/MI-6 fame…friend of the habsburgs…Sebastian has taught at many blob institutions Bannon and the transcript are amusing…before the elimination of the morganatic archduke in june 1914 there was peace around the planet… Is he smoking some of that stuff his ex-wife leaves in the dresser drawer ? Hmmm…lets see… american troops were in mexico shooting at pancho and his villas…. in london suffragettes bombed a church on april 5th… in march German Prince Wilhelm de Wied is crowned King of Albania(not a typo) & quickly threatens war with greece… On or about february 21, 1000 people are killed in Lin-chuan, China… In january, the haitian civil war forces president oretes to flee… In dec. 1913, germany and britain agree to take and split portugals african “possessions” on november 6th, the british arrest some nobody in india named gandhi On october 25th, serbia, under pressure from austria, withdraws from albania(which along with the forced abdication of the serbian king on june 25th might have led to that little assassination thingee) Sept was rather quiet…except for the riots in dublin and the opening of the Panama canal with its first vessel in the locks… August wasnt too noisy…sun yat-sen has to flee china..and germans respond somewhat to the 7 Krupp steel execs who got light feather slaps on the wrist for bribery of the military to get contracts…oh and the president of mexico ordered all americans to leave the country In july 1913, greece & serbia declare war on Bulgaria… In may turkey is fighting in bulgaria In april an assassination attempt fails against the king of spain; and emmeline parkhurst, the british suffragette, is sentenced to 3 years for having the audacity of wanting to vote(she & her friends may have done some slight damage to the home of the exchequer dude) on march 18th, greek king George the 1st is assassinated & THE J. Pierpont Morgan is assassinated in rome(ok maybe he died naturally when she wouldn’t get off him…official cause of death was caused by “nervous prostration”) In February 1913, president maduro of mexico is assassinated & In january 1913, the young turks stage a coup d’etat against the ottoman govt, setting the stage for the german backed dictatorship of the three pashas… Oh… And also in january 1913, some new media publicist in russia, josef Dzhugashvili, co-editor of “Pravda” sends a letter to the journal “Social Democrat” & signs for the first time in the pen name Stalin (which just means more or less “man of steel” in russian) which he will then use until his death So…yup…the world was quiet there steevoh… Reply ↓ a different chris February 1, 2017 at 5:47 pm I was surprised by the muddled thinking, the constant mixing of things that aren’t related, or painting two different (and equally incorrect) pictures of the same (20th century) thing with some weird rambling connecting paragraph. He doesn’t really know what religion is, he doesn’t know what technology is, this is what Goldman Sachs produces I guess. He gives the impression that he doesn’t understand the difference between free markets and capitalism – Now, in this case, I’m pretty sure he does but his brain is just seemingly shot. It’s scary, though, because this kind of randomized crap spouted with authority is what makes cult leaders. Reply ↓ Clive February 1, 2017 at 3:36 pm Re: Starbucks Starbucks does indeed induce an emotional experience while visiting one of their outlets: gut-wrenching, abject despair Reply ↓ Arizona Slim February 1, 2017 at 3:49 pm I don’t drink coffee, so count me among those who don’t go to Sbux. But, last time I was in a coffee shop, the place seemed rather noisy. Not the sort of place I’d chose to go to. Reply ↓ MyLessThanPrimeBeef February 1, 2017 at 4:11 pm I am not too choosy – instant organic coffee tastes good enough for me. Hopefully, that distant coffee plantation treats its workers nicely. I can’t be there everyday to be sure. Reply ↓ Carl February 1, 2017 at 7:11 pm For people who like good coffee, Starbucks is awful. They overroast their beans, and then let them get stale. Don’t even get me started on their “coffee drinks”—ugh. Many real baristas have gotten used to questioning their customers who order such things as macchiatos, because so many of them are used to the Starbucks version, i.e., full of fake whipped cream and sugar. “You know this is a traditional macchiato, right?” Reply ↓ JustAnObserver February 1, 2017 at 8:24 pm and that’s just the broken WiFi :-) The last 5 letters of the name tell you all you need to know. It must be getting to the point where they’re teaching Crappification 101 at Business School. Ah for the civilized days of the Seattle Coffee Company … sigh … and *still* no Cafe Nero out here on the left coast. Reply ↓ hreik February 1, 2017 at 3:39 pm March for Science on Earth day. https://www.marchforscience.com/ Reply ↓ Arizona Slim February 1, 2017 at 4:47 pm I signed up. Thanks for sharing the link. Reply ↓ Waldenpond February 1, 2017 at 3:43 pm The Note paragraph was interesting to me. I thought jockeying for power, status and promotion was the norm. I thought acting behind closed doors was the norm. To me it looks like loyalty to the Con critter one is assigned to is expected but that a degree of betrayal for advancement is acceptable but NOW people have gone TOO FAR outside the bounds of acceptable finagling? Reply ↓ aliteralmind February 1, 2017 at 3:58 pm What do Gnashing of Teeth, Rending of Garments, and smashing rice bowls mean? I have a vague fuzzy understanding of them, but wish someone would more clearly explain them. Reply ↓ DJG February 1, 2017 at 4:05 pm Matthew 13:50 King James Version (KJV) And shall cast them into the furnace of fire: there shall be wailing and gnashing of teeth. Reply ↓ todde February 1, 2017 at 4:21 pm iron rice bowls was a chinese term meaning ‘income for life’ or a guaranteed job Reply ↓ todde February 1, 2017 at 4:22 pm smashing a rice bowl is taking away someones ‘money cow.’ Reply ↓ MyLessThanPrimeBeef February 1, 2017 at 4:34 pm I would take iron supplements, instead of iron-rice. Hardly digestible. Impossible to chew. And In America, an iron chef would serve iron rice on an iron plate, not in a bowl. Reply ↓ Gary February 1, 2017 at 6:07 pm We cook something on an iron plate down here in Texas called fajitas. You should try them sometime… Reply ↓ Annothernone February 1, 2017 at 6:57 pm Rending of garments is a Jewish thing – an expression of grief. I seem to recall in “The Jazz Singer” modern version, the father ripped his jacket when grieving his son’s disobedience. Teeth gnashing is a biblical term denoting anger – in real life I’ve not seen anyone – at least not anyone on 2 legs – gnashing their teeth, but it’s a colourful expression! I’ve wondered about the rice bowl reference too, so thanks to the earlier commenter for explaining. Reply ↓ DJG February 1, 2017 at 3:58 pm From Lambert: “You can’t beat something with nothing, and to voters, process is nothing! It would help Democrats if they stopped reinforcing failure by leaving losers in charge, and if they didn’t double down on fail with strategy and tactics.” Boycotting? Even if the rule is that one person has to be there. Boycotting? How many countries have ended up with political vacuums as the bourgeois parties decided that a boycott would produce results? Meanwhile, the Democrats and liberals haven’t figured out that economic boycotts–sometimes called strikes, just to remind folks that strikes once happened–have been remarkably effective. But boycotting a meeting? Reply ↓ Waldenpond February 1, 2017 at 4:09 pm Site policy advice…. Links. Not so much when does a statement ‘benefit’ from a link (this is more arbitrary) but more when does copied data ‘require’ a link (this is more specific)? Rules of thumb would be appreciated. Saw this at one point: http://www.nakedcapitalism.com/2017/01/links-13117.html Where Katherine wanted source link to pasted info….. and it was felt that a link was unnecessary. ————————————— [MyLessThanPrimeBeef January 31, 2017 at 1:05 pm It is reported that: the department’s Office of Legal Counsel “found the Executive Order both lawful on its face and properly drafted.” Others might disagree. But that was from her own ex-department. Katharine January 31, 2017 at 1:40 pm Source, please. Reply ↓ 1. MyLessThanPrimeBeef January 31, 2017 at 2:04 pm I google search this: ‘the department’s Office of Legal Counsel “found the Executive Order both lawful on its face and properly drafted,’ and find it in many stories, from abcnews, washington post, the guardina, nbcnews, politico, etc. Reply ↓ 1. Katharine January 31, 2017 at 2:08 pm Thanks! But also see below. Reply ↓ 2. Lambert Strether January 31, 2017 at 3:55 pm No. Do not assign others work. Reply ↓ ] ———————– Versus: (yes, I clearly borked my link) [Waldenpond January 31, 2017 at 9:21 pm Supreme Court Scalia redo… Gorsuch. “Resistance” https://twitter.com/thetomzone/status/826609254589198337 Reply ↓ Waldenpond January 31, 2017 at 9:24 pm Delete Erroneous quote….. OK, this is a misquote. Blumenthal said Dems shoudn’t attempt to BLOCK HEARING. “do the right thing” part = verbatim Reply ↓ Lambert Strether February 1, 2017 at 4:15 am That Tweet is broken. In general, please embed tweets. It’s extra work for readers to have to click through, and I don’t want claims being made about linked tweets where the actual Tweet is not visible. Reply ↓] So my clarification is for when do quotes, excerpts, etc need links and when don’t they. Reply ↓ MyLessThanPrimeBeef February 1, 2017 at 4:17 pm I was looking at all the articles that popped up when I googled, and at that moment, I figured maybe Khatarine might want to read the different ways it was covered. So, I mentioned a few news organizations. Then, I read Lambert’s comment, I was going to pick on, but got sidetracked with something I don’t remember now – it was evening and I was doing something at home. Reply ↓ Pat February 1, 2017 at 4:12 pm So not only has the 2016 election been illuminating. The whole Trump presidency has been illuminating. Our press is largely clueless. And have no problem with propaganda unless it isn’t their owner approved propaganda in which case it is fake news. Hillary Clinton is so incompetent she manages to lose two presidential bids because her people do not understand how the delegates are decided. She is also unable to admit to being incompetent so she blames everything on others from Putin to Obama to Sanders. Trump is graceless, and obnoxious and smarter than most of his opponents think. He is also using powers honed by the Presidents that preceded him and really isn’t as much of an outlier to them as their coolly snide remarks might make it appear. Obama had great power and chose not to use it when he got into office in 2008. Democrats had great power and chose not to use it in 2008 and actively worked not to have that power after. Both did that because what they ran on and what they actually wanted to accomplish in office were two entirely different things. They were fully capable of enacting the change that voters demanded by voting for Obama. Trump AND the Republican Congress are making it clearer every day that any reason given for not doing it was an excuse along the lines of the dog ate my homework. I’m betting most Democratic leaders are more gob smacked that Republicans aren’t even pretending to play the game anymore and are just going for it, than they are that these policies are out there. And even when they use a rule, didn’t bother to think “how might they block this move”. As such they have spent most of the last week with egg on their faces even if the press isn’t letting them know that. That they really are hapless and not just pretending to be has been a revelation. I’ve spent most of the last eight years with my hair on fire. Now most of my friends are running around appalled. Wait until they figure out that 1.) the people they are counting on to help them in this largely don’t give a damn about what they want; and 2.) can’t win at checkers much less real multilevel chess. Could make the current rending of garments and cries of despair look like a gentle stroll in a park. Reply ↓ b1daly February 1, 2017 at 6:19 pm Now that you put it like this, it’s clear our great nation has just dodge a bullet with the defeat of Clinton! I’m feeling more relieved everyday! Hopefully we shall not see the likes of Democratic electoral power again…. Reply ↓ Elizabeth Burton February 1, 2017 at 7:47 pm It’s all about “civility,” dontcha know. When one boils down all the hissy fits and outrage pouring from commenters on my social media feeds, it comes down to “how DARE he not do it the way properly brought-up people do?” The up-and-coming dog whistle now is “constitutional crisis.” I don’t disagree, since I know the right wants nothing so much as to hold that Constitutional Convention, throw out the one we have and replace it with the Articles of Confederation. However, the items to which this phrase is applied are by no means even close to violating the Constitution unless and until the laws being used to enact them are declared so by the SCOTUS. The ivory towers are developing cracks, and they who dwell therein are unwilling and/or unable to embrace even the concept that there are people who don’t care a whit what “proper people” do if it interferes with achieving their goal. Reply ↓ Pirmann February 1, 2017 at 9:31 pm The Trump Presidency is going better than I had expected, and we’re only 10 days in. I was a pre-sychophant Bernie supporter who ended up voting for Trump, and honestly, I think he’s done better than what Bernie would have done to this point. E.g., killed TPP, implemented lobbying bans, made a great SC nomination who values the sanctity of life, negotiated jobs to remain in the country, is moving forward with infrastructure, immigration reform, hopefully public school reform, etc. And, I don’t think Trump is completely opposed to single payer and may in fact be open to it. I’d go so far as to say that had Bernie supported him instead of -H>er, Bernie might have been able to become part of the trusted inner circle and have more influence in regard to single payer. Instead, he keeps beating the losing resistance drum instead of working to find common ground (and there is some common ground there, if he’d stop with the Democheerleading already and take a look). Also, I think his foreign policy will wind up getting us out of a lot of the mess we’ve been in. I’d equate his beefing up the military to someone who lifts weights for bodybuilding competitions as opposed to those who lift weights in order to fight. In other words, it’s a show of strength, not to be used unless necessary. I’m pretty excited and optimistic about Trump’s presidency. The other thing is, Trump comes into this as someone who’s already been successful. I think he’ll be motivated by ego to be considered one of the best presidents in American history. He has money already and doesn’t need grift. He will want to leave office knowing America is great again. I think that’s why we’re seeing him waste no time in keeping his campaign promises (another thing I find refreshing). Reply ↓ b1daly February 2, 2017 at 4:50 am Immigration reform, huh. That quite a stew of wishful thinking you’ve cooKed up there. As far as I can see, to the extent Trump has taken any significant actions, he is taking action to turbo charge the transfer of resources from “the people” to a crew of heartless oligarchs. The carbon based energy industry, and the military industrial complex have been moved to the front of the gravy train. Tax policy will help directly to reduce the scandalous egalitarianism that has been ripping this country apart. And fetuses too. Things are looking up for fetuses, bless their tiny, immortal souls. Reply ↓ Waldenpond February 1, 2017 at 4:19 pm Appreciated the co-op articles. I’m wondering if the start up monies are for the business or if that included purchase of the building. Would be great to have funding for the purchasing of the base assets as they could be coop owned and other businesses could back fill if one decides to close shop. A coop network could shift coop businesses to different buildings for best fit. Reply ↓ diptherio February 1, 2017 at 6:36 pm Funding for Co-ops (no links to avoid the Skynet): Working World Shared Capital Cooperative Fund of New England There are others, but those three spring to mind. Reply ↓ LT February 1, 2017 at 4:27 pm I heard a great example of liberal ineffectiveness, mumbo jumbo, hand-wringing, etc… Yesterday eve I’m listening to Ian Masters on KPFK (progressive, listener sponsored radio). It’s right after the announcement of the Supreme Court nomination and he asks his guests “Why didn’t the voters protest more about ths obstruction of Obama when he tried to appoint a nominee?” (something along those lines). Then I laughed, because if you ever caught his show in the last year or so…every other word out of his mouth was “Putin”. I wanted to scream at the radio, “Why didn’t you talk about more than Putin for the last year?” I turned it off, as usual, before the end of the show. Reply ↓ JTMcPhee February 1, 2017 at 5:03 pm As effective as Dems boycotting Congressional committee meetings… Reply ↓ LT February 1, 2017 at 5:17 pm Well, it’s all Putin’s fault anyway, right? LOL Reply ↓ John k February 2, 2017 at 12:42 am Doesn’t sound progressive. Sounds neolib. Reply ↓ Waldenpond February 1, 2017 at 4:40 pm Commons article: portent of doom that I am…. Just thought that the public’s lesser access to lands may mean they won’t fight for them. If a public is priced out of accessing public lands and have limited physical access, where private interests have greater rights (private stores, hotels, oil, grazing) … the view may be that the shift has gone to such a degree that the lands are already lost. Reply ↓ Jim Haygood February 1, 2017 at 4:45 pm Pacifica, comrades: (March 2014) During an average 15-minute period, just 700 people listen to its Los Angeles station, 90.7 FM KPFK, for at least five minutes, according to Nielsen Audio, which monitors radio ratings. For L.A.’s other public radio stations, KCRW and KPCC, that number is 8,000 and 20,000, respectively. KPFK draws roughly one one-thousandth of all radio listeners in the Metro Los Angeles area. Pacifica’s New York station, WBAI, is even worse off, with too few listeners to register on the Arbitron rankings, and is all but bankrupt. Last year, most of the staff was laid off, including the entire news department. http://www.laweekly.com/news/left-wing-darling-pacifica-radio-is-sliding-into-the-abyss-4521218 Proof that somebody used to listen to Pacifica: its Houston affiliate KPFT was bombed off the air in May 1970 by the Ku Klux Klan. Reply ↓ Jim Haygood February 1, 2017 at 4:51 pm [reply to LT at 4:27 pm] Reply ↓ LT February 1, 2017 at 4:58 pm You couldn’t stand more than 5 min…especially lately. Reply ↓ LT February 1, 2017 at 5:06 pm They are also scared to take too many listener calls. Talk radio is all about listener calls and, from what I gather, they seldom do it during drive time hours. Reply ↓ PhilM February 2, 2017 at 8:26 pm It is an important corrective to listen to Canadian talk radio. The callers are articulate and calm, making intelligent observations and asking provocative questions that lead to informative answers. I mute the radio when someone calls in in the US. Reply ↓ Synoia February 1, 2017 at 4:46 pm Gnashing of Teeth and Rending of Garments – Clintion Initiative Looking for quotes? Here’s one: Methinks she doth protest too much. and a second Something wicked this way comes We’d have to get Bill on record, but I believe there may be a few more from the “Taming of The Shrew.” Reply ↓ Oregoncharles February 1, 2017 at 4:46 pm ” “The high prices Americans pay for generic drugs may have been cooked up by pharmaceutical salespeople ” My wife’s pill phobia looks better all the time. She takes stuff only when desperately sick. (I take some supplements, mostly to do with getting old.) Reply ↓ Oregoncharles February 1, 2017 at 4:49 pm “Fear & Greed Index: 51 Neutral (previous close: 54, Neutral) [CNN]. One week ago: 59 (Greed). (0 is Extreme Fear; 100 is Extreme Greed). Last updated Feb 1 at 11:27am. Nervous stomachs” FWIW, precious metals are climbing. Reply ↓ Waldenpond February 1, 2017 at 5:00 pm The secret to a meaningful life…. . No one answer is there… try new things and be willing to let them go. Break things down into small pieces (Jarrett) or have an all encompassing passion. “The secret of life is to have a task, something you devote your entire life to, something you bring to everything to, every minute of the day for the rest of your life. And the most important thing is, it must be something you cannot possibly do.” Henry Moore Reply ↓ witters February 1, 2017 at 6:37 pm Why is it a secret? I suppose Henry Moore’s “every minute of the day” idea might be a secret – as it is, surely, false. An all encompassing obsessive-compulsive disorder isn’t my idea of a meaningful life. And it would make everyone around you miserable. Reply ↓ Waldenpond February 1, 2017 at 7:58 pm It isn’t a secret…. it’s an infinite range of options. Find your own path. I was using the Moore quote of a lifelong passion in contrast to the linked article by Jarrett on individual projects to demonstrate that. Maybe someone who studies physics their whole lives is miserable. Maybe Jane Goodall made the people around her miserable. Maybe people rolled their eyes when Darwin nattered on. Maybe artists and actors are dreary to be around. I can equally appreciate people who seek fleeting adventures and those that that bring beauty through a lifetime’s development of craft. Reply ↓ Waldenpond February 1, 2017 at 8:05 pm Of course I had to peek…. Proust, Dickens, Tesla, Einstein, Darwin, Michelangelo, Beethoven…. Looks like having a lifelong passion is independent of OCD and those with OCD have made contributions I appreciate. Reply ↓ Waldenpond February 1, 2017 at 5:10 pm Humor: a 9 second clip on moving the US to the left. https://twitter.com/AprilDeming/status/826870146241220608 Wait. Stop. No! haha! ;) Reply ↓ MyLessThanPrimeBeef February 1, 2017 at 5:31 pm When the US in the middle of the Pacific ocean, will that be left enough? Or do we have to go all the way to China? Reply ↓ JTMcPhee February 1, 2017 at 5:10 pm On Neal Gorsuch, son of Anne, son of b17ch: http://grist.org/briefly/remember-that-time-when-neil-gorsuchs-mother-tried-to-dismantle-the-epa/ I worked at EPA before, during and after the Reagan Onslught, which included the horrid tenure of Anne Gorsuch. There’s lots of stories to tell about her. Like mother, like son. One happy family. Reply ↓ pretzelattack February 2, 2017 at 12:58 am yeah i well remember her. and james watt at interior. Reply ↓ pretzelattack February 2, 2017 at 1:01 am yeah i well remember her. and james watt at interior. and here’s 4 brave democrats, fighting the good fight against climate change. /s https://theintercept.com/2017/02/01/four-democratic-defectors-join-gop-to-confirm-exxon-ceo-as-secretary-of-state/ Reply ↓ Waldenpond February 1, 2017 at 5:14 pm Prison reports…. J20 ‏@Delo_Taylor Police mobilize outside Vaughn Correctional Center in #Smyrna, Delaware, scene of inmate rebellion. #VaughnRebellion NBC10 Philadelphia https://twitter.com/Delo_Taylor/status/826877117560389632 AP: The Associated Press Verified account ‏@AP BREAKING: Officials: Prison guards taken hostage by inmates at maximum security prison in Delaware; all state prisons on lockdown. https://twitter.com/AP/status/826866979415945216 Reply ↓ Waldenpond February 1, 2017 at 5:49 pm #VaughnRebellion if anyone is interested in updates. https://twitter.com/hashtag/vaughnrebellion?vertical=news&src=hash Reply ↓ Jim Haygood February 1, 2017 at 6:06 pm Maybe we could exchange Joe Biden for release of the guards? Reply ↓ johnnygl February 1, 2017 at 6:27 pm I hear biden’s starting up a charitable foundation…maybe he didn’t hear that gig is done? Reply ↓ polecat February 1, 2017 at 10:43 pm Throw in ‘the Mouth’ and ‘the Anus’ …. alias McCain/Graham … the organism that knows all, and spouts shit, in the exchange deal … then we can call it good ! Reply ↓ Waldenpond February 1, 2017 at 6:11 pm Prison is so understaffed they may need the national guard. https://twitter.com/Doc_Sneeze/status/826929383843565569 Reply ↓ JTMcPhee February 1, 2017 at 10:03 pm Ah, the virtues of the neoliberal business model… Reply ↓ LT February 1, 2017 at 5:50 pm “Reclaiming the Commons” [Boston Review (DB)]…. “But while cooperation may not conform to the general rule of rationally self-interested behavior…” Who’s general rule? Notice it is written up as if it is THE (as in one and only) “general rule.” As if it descended from the heavens and not a banksta-ruled economist. Another version of “TINA”….(There Is No Alternative). Reply ↓ freedomny February 1, 2017 at 6:17 pm This is kind of fun. Pelosi’s expression is “priceless” http://redalertpolitics.com/2017/02/01/nancy-pelosi-schools-nyu-socialist-capitalists-video/ Reply ↓ freedomny February 1, 2017 at 10:14 pm Here’s the entirely as it just hit Huffpost: http://www.huffingtonpost.com/entry/nancy-pelosi-town-hall-capitalism_us_58925a53e4b070cf8b807e28?1xt78492f9n5tutyb9&amp; Reply ↓ cm February 2, 2017 at 1:22 am A very odd article… Nomiki Konst, a surrogate for Sanders during the primary who is now an investigative reporter for the Young Turks, is eager to make a place for people like Hill in the Democratic Party. She was quick to praise Pelosi’s famously progressive legislative record. “Famously progressive”??????? Reply ↓ Pat February 1, 2017 at 6:30 pm I was going to say no comment, but this is currently the #3 best seller among Amazon’s best sellers. The thing that makes me laugh is that normally if you click on the star rating to read the reviews based on number of stars it easily comes up. 17% of the reviews are 1 star. There is one 1 star review on the book’s page. But somehow no reviews can be found that are 1 star. If I were more flush I’d plunk down the dollar ninety nine and then rip it a new one. But obviously there is a market for ridiculous excuses. And people who believe stupidity like the Coast Guard Intelligence Agency actually investigated this… https://www.amazon.com/Plot-Hack-America-Cyberspies-WikiLeaks-ebook/dp/B01M0VGPLY/ref=sr_1_1?s=digital-text&ie=UTF8&qid=1485991767&sr=1-1&keywords=the+plot+to+hack+america Reply ↓ johnnygl February 1, 2017 at 6:34 pm Saw something in the elevator that michael flynn was ‘putting iran on notice’ regarding a recent incident about which i don’t know the details. Are we really going all-gulf-of-tonkin like 2 weeks into the trump administration? F-ing A, this is what happens when you do NOT punish your war criminals. The new guys roll up, and try to pick a fight, knowing full well that there won’t be consequences!!! Reply ↓ ewmayer February 1, 2017 at 6:49 pm From the Reuters article on Trump’s SCOTUS nominee: “Gorsuch was in the same 1991 graduating class from Harvard Law School as Obama.” Jeri-Lynn, wasn’t that also your class? If so, did you get any impressions of Gorsuch? Reply ↓ Jay M February 1, 2017 at 7:14 pm woke up today My digital neural layer messaged that I didn’t have an internet connection, then my operating system, MS-IC (intra-cranial) crashed. I clicked my heels to reboot and quickly learned that I owed Musk Interstellar Corp. $.13. Luckily I had got the dental implant that turned my mouth into a card reader, and quickly slammed the credit card into my mug. After about two minutes of booting, I felt fine enough to take the anti-depressants and atypical anti-psychotics that my doctor has me on. Reply ↓ Jim Haygood February 1, 2017 at 9:10 pm Woke up, fell out of bed Dragged a comb across my head Found my way downstairs and drank a cup And looking up, I noticed I was late Found my coat and grabbed my hat Made the bus in seconds flat Found my way upstairs and had a smoke And somebody spoke and I went into a scream — Beatles, “A Day in the Life” Reply ↓ integer February 2, 2017 at 1:28 am And somebody spoke and I went into a scream dream (Maybe you changed it on purpose though.) Reply ↓ Mo's Bike Shop February 2, 2017 at 9:01 pm the ear worms in the ear worms out the ear worms Reply ↓ Ulysses February 1, 2017 at 9:45 pm Very. Awesome. Comment. JayM! http://www.upress.umn.edu/book-division/books/from-utopia-to-apocalypse Reply ↓ Doug February 1, 2017 at 9:24 pm The plant of the day is a mandevilla: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mandevilla Doesn’t manzanita mean “apple”? Reply ↓ freedomny February 1, 2017 at 9:31 pm Hi – I hope you all don’t mind if I plug this resource….but it is really great for people who want to resist (?)…make a difference…etc, but who may not have the time. It is called “Daily Action”. You text – Daily – to 228466 and you get a reminder every day. It instructs you to call 844-241-1141 where there is a message. The other day the message was to tell your government officials to demand certain actions against Bannon. You plug in your zip code and you automatically get routed to the appropriate politician. I have no idea if any of this will work….but it certainly can’t hurt. And, it makes you feel better. I find it heartening that people are now really “watching”. There was definitely backlash against C. Booker for the prescription crap and against Warren for her acceptance of Trump nominees. Reply ↓ Ranger Rick February 2, 2017 at 2:32 am You intrigued me, so I did some digging. Daily Action is run by the Creative Majority PAC, which is linked to Revolution Messaging, which in turn did work for Bernie Sanders during his 2016 campaign. RM is run by OFA alums and even has a stray sheep from the DCCC working for them. So while their hearts are in the right place … their track record is not very good. Reply ↓ Kim Kaufman February 1, 2017 at 10:20 pm Shocker alert: Obama lawyer supporting Gorsuch represents major corporate interests in Supreme Court Former Solicitor General Neal Katyal didn’t disclose his conflicts when he wrote an op-ed in the New York Times. https://thinkprogress.org/obama-lawyer-supporting-gorsuch-represents-major-corporate-interests-in-supreme-court-93c70ad1d77a#.tkbabrwog Reply ↓ Waldenpond February 1, 2017 at 10:49 pm DAPL was raided today. Over 70 arrested. In a set of pictures it looks as if tipis have been removed. arrests: https://twitter.com/TheYoungTurks/status/826993960740614144 purported before and after: https://twitter.com/Heather28df/status/826998631982981120 Reply ↓ LT February 2, 2017 at 12:34 am Re: Buzzfeed and Bannon’s worldview 2014 It always ends up just with just of veneer of reform of the status quo. Hard to worship a system and reform it at the same time. Belief systems change, deal with it. Reply ↓ Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment Name * Email * Tip Jar Please Donate or Subscribe! Search Search for: Recent Comments Lambert Strether on 2:00PM Water Cooler 2/2/2017It's always good to have primary sources, but... Lambert Strether on 2:00PM Water Cooler 2/2/2017> it’s illegal to bar individuals from entering... Lambert Strether on 2:00PM Water Cooler 2/2/2017> community will miss out on a cheated... Lambert Strether on 2:00PM Water Cooler 2/2/2017Bernie would have won. There's a very good... Clive on 2:00PM Water Cooler 2/2/2017As Lambert said, this isn't like Kremlinology. It... Topics Africa (15) Australia (125) Auto industry (91) Banana republic (2,951) Banking industry (4,608) Brexit (38) Carbon credits (29) CEO compensation (241) China (559) Commodities (449) Corporate governance (318) Credit cards (156) Credit markets (3,612) Curiousities (272) Currencies (902) Derivatives (687) Documents (5) Doomsday scenarios (1,432) Dubious statistics (565) ECONNED (87) Economic fundamentals (2,705) Energy markets (498) Environment (440) Europe (595) Federal Reserve (1,264) Free markets and their discontents (1,353) Garrulous insolence (64) Global warming (311) Globalization (1,067) Guest Post (6,285) Health care (375) Hedge funds (414) Income disparity (905) India (12) Infrastructure (75) Investment banks (744) Investment management (485) Investment outlook (839) Japan (200) Legal (1,860) Links (2,982) Macroeconomic policy (964) Market inefficiencies (222) Media appearances (74) Media watch (849) Middle East (137) Moral hazard (339) New McCarthyism (5) New Zealand (76) Notices (281) OCC (12) Payment system (45) Permaculture (31) Politics (4,913) Private equity (501) Privatization (65) Real estate (1,515) Regulations and regulators (3,531) Ridiculously obvious scams (422) Risk and risk management (713) Russia (232) Science and the scientific method (190) Social policy (990) Social values (1,762) Species loss (52) Student loans (50) Summer rerun (48) Surveillance state (115) Taxes (374) Technology and innovation (425) The destruction of the middle class (1,277) The dismal science (1,442) TPP (83) UK (107) Water Cooler (603) Blogroll Angry Bear Automatic Earth Bill Mitchell – billy blog Credit Slips Econbrowser Economic Populist Ed Harrison Eyes on Trade Health Care Renewal Lambert Strether Macro Business Marginal Revolution mathbabe Matt Stoller Michael Hudson New Economic Perspectives OilPrice Pando Daily Paul Krugman TripleCrisis Warren Mosler Wolf Richter (WolfStreet) Yanis Varoufakis Copyright © 2006 - 2017 Aurora Advisors Incorporated All Rights Reserved
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy   Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance United Natural Foods Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for United Natural Foods Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Metro Ag (MEO3) PT Set at €38.00 by equinet AG Berenberg Bank Analysts Give SAP SE (SAP) a €94.00 Price Target adidas AG (ADS) PT Set at €166.00 by Kepler Capital Markets Graco Inc. (GGG) Expected to Earn Q1 2017 Earnings of $0.78 Per Share HCA Holdings, Inc. to Post Q1 2017 Earnings of $1.81 Per Share, KeyCorp Forecasts (HCA) IDEX Corporation (IEX) Expected to Earn Q1 2017 Earnings of $0.93 Per Share Olin Corporation (OLN) Hits New 12-Month High After Strong Earnings ContraVir Pharmaceuticals Inc (CTRV) Given Consensus Rating of “Strong Buy” by Brokerages Cesca Therapeutics Inc. (KOOL) Given Consensus Recommendation of “Hold” by Brokerages Zacks: BGC Partners, Inc. (BGCP) Given $14.00 Average Target Price by Analysts Zacks: Orchid Island Capital, Inc. (ORC) Given Average Rating of “Strong Buy” by Analysts Zacks: AC Immune SA (ACIU) Given $23.00 Consensus Target Price by Analysts Royal Bank Of Canada Downgrades E.On Se (EONGY) to Underperform Pagegroup PLC (MPI) Price Target Raised to GBX 490 Diageo plc (DGE) Receives Buy Rating from HSBC Holdings plc Metro Ag (MEO3) Given a €38.00 Price Target at Oddo Securities Overstock.com, Inc. (OSTK) Major Shareholder Sells $15,228,861.84 in Stock Voya Prime Rate Trust (PPR) Declares Monthly Dividend of $0.03 Hanesbrands Inc. (HBI) Posts Quarterly Earnings Results, Misses Estimates By $0.05 EPS UNITIL Corporation (UTL) Announces Quarterly Earnings Results, Beats Estimates By $0.01 EPS United Natural Foods, Inc. (UNFI) Now Covered by Analysts at Goldman Sachs Group, Inc. (The) February 1st, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Patrick Bannon Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Finance Tweet Goldman Sachs Group, Inc. (The) assumed coverage on shares of United Natural Foods, Inc. (NASDAQ:UNFI) in a research report released on Tuesday morning. The brokerage issued a neutral rating and a $49.00 price objective on the stock. A number of other equities research analysts have also recently weighed in on the company. Zacks Investment Research raised United Natural Foods from a sell rating to a hold rating in a research note on Friday, November 18th. RBC Capital Markets reiterated a sector perform rating and issued a $34.00 target price on shares of United Natural Foods in a report on Tuesday, December 13th. Northcoast Research reiterated a neutral rating on shares of United Natural Foods in a report on Monday, November 28th. Guggenheim reiterated a buy rating and issued a $52.00 target price (up from $47.00) on shares of United Natural Foods in a report on Friday, December 9th. Finally, BMO Capital Markets set a $45.00 target price on United Natural Foods and gave the company a hold rating in a report on Friday, December 9th. Five analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, fourteen have assigned a hold rating and two have assigned a buy rating to the company. The company presently has a consensus rating of Hold and a consensus price target of $42.66. Shares of United Natural Foods (NASDAQ:UNFI) traded down 0.37% on Tuesday, hitting $45.53. The stock had a trading volume of 466,713 shares. United Natural Foods has a 12-month low of $29.75 and a 12-month high of $52.18. The stock has a 50 day moving average price of $47.46 and a 200-day moving average price of $45.49. The company has a market cap of $2.30 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 18.37 and a beta of 1.28. United Natural Foods (NASDAQ:UNFI) last issued its quarterly earnings data on Wednesday, December 7th. The company reported $0.58 earnings per share for the quarter, missing the Zacks’ consensus estimate of $0.62 by $0.04. United Natural Foods had a net margin of 1.44% and a return on equity of 8.48%. The firm earned $2.28 billion during the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $2.33 billion. During the same period in the previous year, the firm posted $0.63 earnings per share. The company’s quarterly revenue was up 9.7% compared to the same quarter last year. On average, equities analysts expect that United Natural Foods will post $2.56 earnings per share for the current year. WARNING: “United Natural Foods, Inc. (UNFI) Now Covered by Analysts at Goldman Sachs Group, Inc. (The)” was first reported by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are reading this news story on another domain, it was stolen and republished in violation of US and international trademark & copyright legislation. The correct version of this news story can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/02/01/united-natural-foods-inc-unfi-now-covered-by-analysts-at-goldman-sachs-group-inc-the.html. Institutional investors have recently added to or reduced their stakes in the company. JPMorgan Chase & Co. boosted its position in United Natural Foods by 117.5% in the second quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 2,553 shares of the company’s stock valued at $119,000 after buying an additional 1,379 shares during the last quarter. Integrated Investment Consultants LLC boosted its position in United Natural Foods by 11.6% in the third quarter. Integrated Investment Consultants LLC now owns 3,077 shares of the company’s stock valued at $130,000 after buying an additional 321 shares during the last quarter. Advisor Group Inc. acquired a new position in United Natural Foods during the second quarter valued at about $149,000. LS Investment Advisors LLC boosted its position in United Natural Foods by 5.6% in the third quarter. LS Investment Advisors LLC now owns 3,235 shares of the company’s stock valued at $130,000 after buying an additional 173 shares during the last quarter. Finally, Trust Co. of Vermont boosted its position in United Natural Foods by 361.3% in the third quarter. Trust Co. of Vermont now owns 3,575 shares of the company’s stock valued at $143,000 after buying an additional 2,800 shares during the last quarter. Institutional investors own 99.29% of the company’s stock. United Natural Foods Company Profile United Natural Foods, Inc is a distributor and retailer of natural, organic and specialty products. The Company’s segments include Wholesale and Other. The Wholesale segment is engaged in the national distribution of natural, organic and specialty foods, produce and related products in the United States and Canada. Receive News & Ratings for United Natural Foods Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for United Natural Foods Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Trump Cancels Harley-Davidson Trip Due to Possible Protests White House Appears to Pull Back on Part of Policy on Vetting President Trump’s Labor Secretary Choice Outsourced Jobs President Trump Agenda: Border Wall and Sanctuary Cities White House Says President Trump Will Not Release His Tax Returns © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Trending: Juniper heads to the clouds Hackers seek company insiders HPE acquires security startup 2017 will be the worst year for security Resources/White Papers Search network world Sign In | Register Hi! Here are the latest Insider stories. What's next for Azure Site Recovery? AT&T to launch 5G wireless this year in Indy and Austin Prices still climbing for enterprise mobility management software The problem with threat intelligence [Infographic] More Insider Sign Out Search for Suggestions for you Insider email Applications All Applications Big Data/Business Intelligence CRM ERP Linux Windows Careers All Careers Education Salaries Skills and Training Cloud Computing All Cloud Computing Cloud Security Cloud Storage Hybrid Cloud IaaS PaaS Private Cloud Public Cloud SaaS Data Center All Data Center Business Continuity Disaster Recovery Green IT Network Storage PCs Servers Tablets Virtual Desktop Virtualization Home Tech Infrastructure Management All Infrastructure Management Application Performance Management Asset Management Network Management System Management LAN & WAN All LAN & WAN Internet Internet of Things Routers Service Providers Switches WAN Optimization Wi-Fi Wide Area Networking (WAN) Mobile & Wireless All Mobile & Wireless Android BYOD Cellular Networks MDM/MAM Mobile Apps Smartphones iOS Security All Security Application Security Compliance Endpoint Security Malware and Cybercrime Mobile Security Network Security Small Business Software-Defined Networking/NFV Unified Communications/VoIP All Unified Communications/VoIP Collaboration Email Social Networking Videoconferencing VoIP Tech Debates Tech Primers Cisco Subnet Microsoft Subnet Open Source Subnet News Reviews Insider Blogs Resources/White Papers Newsletters Video Network World Events × Close Home Mobile & Wireless PhilAndroid By Steven Max Patterson |Follow About | Steve Patterson's observations and writing are based on his 20 years of experience working in the primordial ooze of start-ups in Boston and the San Francisco Bay Area. iPhone sales get one-time windfall from Samsung Note 7 woes In Q1 of 2017, iPhone shipments drove Apple’s revenue up by 3% year over year. But Apple sets expectations for a decline in Q2. Network World | Feb 1, 2017 7:14 AM PT Email a friend To Use commas to separate multiple email addresses From 
		     Privacy Policy Thank you Your message has been sent. Sorry There was an error emailing this page. Credit: Dado Ruvic/Reuters Related Top Apple stories of 2016 8 most significant tech gadgets of 2016: Winners and losers Samsung Galaxy S8: Leaks, rumors and fake news Video What is Wi-Fi beamforming and MU-MIMO? During Apple’s earnings report last night, CEO Tim Cook did not mention why Apple squeaked by with 3 percent revenue growth. Almost every product category he spoke about was predicated with the words “record setting.” But a closer look reveals, Cook’s praise might be overstated, and Apple’s quest to produce another iPhone-scale new product to reignite growth continues. Radio Free Mobile’s Richard Windsor explained in an early-morning report from London what Cook did not. iPhone shipments at higher prices were driven by the defection of Samsung Galaxy Note customers due to the recall of the Note 7. Windsor has a unique perspective earned from over a decade as a bulge-bracket financial analyst with Nomura Securities. He speaks and writes about financial forecasts, as well as market and company ecosystems that the product-driven tech news streams do not cover because this type of information is very hard to come by. + Also on Network World: Apple’s Q1: iPhone 7 slays in a record-setting $78.4 billion quarter + The nine financial analysts from banks such as Goldman Sachs and JPMorgan who were granted one question during Apple’s quarterly conference calls do not release their reports except to clients who have millions of dollars under management. Reuters and Bloomberg might get a carefully crafted tidbit to avoid security regulators, but unless a reporter has a rich friend who shares the banks’ research, reporters do not have access to this perspective. Windsor reports that the iPhone was the main driver. In particular, the large-screen iPhone Plus saw its biggest contribution to the revenue mix ever. About 78.3 million iPhones shipped at a greater average selling price (ASP) of $695 compared to the 76.3 million units shipped last year at an ASP of $688. Samsung Note 7 users switch to iPhone 7 and Google Pixel Adding two and two together—the increase in large-screen iPhone 7 Plus shipments and the increase in overall revenue mix—Windsor concludes that Apple’s report of a year-over-year quarterly revenue increase was due to the crossover of high-end Android users burned by the fiery Note 7, even though the switch forced them to repurchase iOS versions of all their Android apps. An estimated 2.5 million Note 7 users were affected. Apple won an estimated 2 million with the iPhone, and Google gained about a half million with its Pixel. The Note 7 fiasco was a one-time windfall for Apple unlikely to repeat because Apple was late to the game with its first-generation large-screen iPhone 6 two and a half years ago, long after the large screen phablet form factor left the barn. By having only a 4-inch iPhone for too long, Apple missed the shift of high-end Android users to large-screen devices that began way back in 2007 with the 5-inch HTC Advantage. Galaxy Note users are unique. They are visually thinking, high-end loyal consumers of the Note’s form factor and stylus who withstood the negative connotations of the word phablet when this form factor first emerged. It is unlikely these users will return because of the investment they made learning iOS and buying new iOS versions of their apps, even if Samsung produces a Note 8 so reliable that it could withstand the treads of a Sherman Tank. Though bad for Samsung, the effect is contained because Note users are more loyal to the form factor than the Samsung brand and the volume of Note form factor shipments is tiny compared to Samsung’s flagship Galaxy S7. Note and Galaxy S consumers operate in parallel, not together. Windsor sums up the Note 7 Apple windfall with a note of irony, saying: “Although Google has failed to win those users over to Pixel, it will still benefit as RFM research indicates that iOS users generate far more advertising revenues for Google than Android users in the same demographic groups.” Base on Apple’s guidance in the second quarter, year-over-year revenues and shipments are expected to decline in the second quarter of 2017. Join the Network World communities on Facebook and LinkedIn to comment on topics that are top of mind. Related: Mobile & Wireless iOS Smartphones Apple iPhone 7 Samsung Steven Max Patterson lives in Boston and San Francisco where he follows and writes about trends in software development platforms, mobile, IoT, wearables and next generation television. His writing is influenced by his 20 years' experience covering or working in the primordial ooze of tech startups. Must read: 10 new UI features coming to Windows 10 You Might Like Don't Miss Cops use pacemaker data to charge homeowner with arson, insurance fraud Police called pacemaker data an "excellent investigative tool" that provided "key pieces of evidence"... Game over for Solaris and SPARC? Apple's Mobility Partner Program comes out of hiding Newsletters Sign up and receive the latest news, reviews and trends on your favorite technology topics. Get our Daily News newsletter Go Serverless computing’s future is now – and why you should care Instead of allocating virtual machines in the cloud, you upload functions and let the IaaS service... Why you shouldn't trust Geek Squad ever again The U.S. government reportedly pays Geek Squad technicians to dig through your PC for files to give to... BrandPostsLearn more Sponsored by Sennheiser As Workplace Collaboration Evolves, Wireless Audio Conferencing Plays a Key Resources Business needs are changing rapidly, and legacy datacenter models and processes just can't keep up. It's time for a better solution ECM in the Cloud: Content Made Easier Integrating Logentries with .NET- The How & Why Learn How to Monitor & Analyze your Log Data Troubleshooting Microsoft SQL Server Go Top Stories RSA 2017: The Internet of Things security threat RSA Conference 2017 will take on the threat posed by the internet of things, something that was... 10 IT skills that employers need Here are the IT skills that will be in high demand for 2017. Use virtual containers to isolate ransomware Keeping suspicious files and connections in a separate container – a virtual space isolated from the... Tech companies can no longer avoid politics As President Trump issues executive orders affecting the tech industry, such as the one on immigration,... Sponsored Links INSTANTLY dtSearch® TERABYTES OF FILE+EMAIL+DB+WEB DATA; reviews/evals Shifting threats require a practical approach to security operations.  Network World Follow us Applications Careers Cloud Computing Data Center Home Tech Infrastructure Management LAN & WAN Mobile & Wireless Security Small Business Software-Defined Networking/NFV Unified Communications/VoIP Tech Debates Tech Primers Cisco Subnet Microsoft Subnet Open Source Subnet Features News Blogs Resources Newsletters Network World Events About Us Contact Privacy Policy Advertising Careers at IDG Site Map Ad Choices E-commerce Affiliate Relationships Copyright © 2017 IDG Communications, Inc. Explore the IDG Network descend CIO Computerworld CSO Greenbot IDC IDG IDG Connect IDG Knowledge Hub IDG TechNetwork IDG.TV IDG Ventures Infoworld IT News ITwhitepapers ITworld JavaWorld LinuxWorld Macworld Network World PC World TechConnect TechHive This ad will close in 20 seconds. Continue to site »
Skip to content MilTech pr@satprnews.com HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Main Menu How Five bankers With The Worst Reputation May Help Younger Fintech CEO’s To Succeed 1 February 2017Military News Up left: Mr. Bernard Maddoff; Up right: Mr. Rodrigo Rato. Bottom left: Mr. James Crosby; Bottom middle: Mr. Werner Schmidt, and Bottom right: Mr. Alexander Lebedev Bad reputation of bankers would be a big problem for traditional banks, and a big opportunity for startups with young, trustable CEOs with no reputation issues Once considered heroes, some bankers finally turned to be cynical businessmen, by leveraging their power, money and influence to take bad decisions that affect millions and even using their financial knowledge and contacts to break the law in dubious manners. Octavio Rojas, international communication expert, published author and PhD candidate, while preparing  his next book “Fintech Disruption”, recently conducted  a worldwide poll of the “World’s Worst Bankers” in which close to 12000 people participated. “From my study, I realised that the bad reputation of bankers would be a big problem for traditional banks, and a big opportunity for startups with young, trustable CEOs with no reputation issues. I have to point out that just a few of the traditional bankers have ended in jail or even being prosecuted, while common people have been incarcerated for demonstrating against them or have to face difficult times due to the economic crisis,” says Mr. Rojas. The result of the polls indicate that bad bankers are perceived as people who used their privileges to even break the law. Bernard Madoff – Voted as Worst Banker in America (and with more votes to nominate him as the Worst Banker in the World). Mr. Madoff admitted he had never made any legitimate investments with his clients’ money. Instead, he simply deposited the money into his personal business account at Chase Manhattan Bank (turned JPMorgan Chase). He may have earned as much as $483 million by using the money in his bank account. He finally has been given the maximum prison sentence of 150 years for masterminding a massive fraud that robbed investors of $65bn.  (Source) Rodrigo Rato – Voted as the Worst Banker in Spain Mr. Rato’s was chairman of Bankia, a giant Spanish bank, which collapsed under his stewardship in 2012, aggravating Spain’s financial crisis and pushing the country to seek a bailout for its ailing banks.  In 2015, he was detained by the tax authorities and the police in Madrid as part of an investigation into fraud and money laundering. (Source) Alexander Lebedev – Voted as the Worst Banker in Russia Mr. Lebedev, KGB’s ex-officer and chairman of board of russian National Reserve Corporation, has acted as a fierce opponent of the offshore companies and seemingly fought against corruption, but he recently appeared in the “Panama Papers” related to Barzia Holdings, Inc., and he is also linked to “Immortales International Inc.”, both under the jurisdiction of British Virgin Islands.  There is an open investigation in Russia to clarify if he and his bank have attempted to circumvent the tax requirements by using offshore financial models. (Source) Werner Schmidt – former chief executive of the German bank BayernLB A German court handed former BayernLB Chief Executive Werner Schmidt a suspended prison sentence of 18 months for bribing an Austrian politician when acquiring Hypo Alpe Adria (HGAA). The sentence is one of only a few cases where a German bank manager has faced punishment for actions that led to the near-failure of a business during the financial crisis.  Schmidt, who stepped down in 2008, has admitted to bribing the now-deceased head of government of Austria’s Carinthia state, Joerg Haider, during negotiations to buy the bank. (Source) James Crosby, former CEO Halifax Mr. Crosby had escaped criticism over his role in HBOS’s collapse that triggered a £20bn taxpayer-funded bailout, but questions mounted in 2009 when a whistleblower told the parliament he had warned Crosby about the bank’s dangerous lending.  A subsequent parliamentary inquiry labeled Crosby as the architect of HBOS’s destruction, prompting calls that he should be barred from working in the City.  (Source) The author and the study “Some of these results can be striking for some, because they may miss many other bankers who have been involved recently in scandals throughout the world.  For instance, the massive fraud perpetrated by Wells Fargo in the US or the statements from Kweku Adoboli, a former USB employee in the UK, indicating that the culture of financial institutions is to compel their employees to give results at any price”, said Mr. Rojas, author of several books published in Spain and distributed in Latin America and the United States, as well as researcher and university / business school professor in International Communication, Marketing and Business School and speaker in Spain, Mexico and Ecuador during more than 20 years. Mr. Rojas indicates that “studies on white-collar crimes are not abundant, even after the current global economic crisis, but recently Eugene Soltes, an associate professor at Harvard Business School, wrote “Why They Do It: Inside the Mind of the White-Collar Criminal”, in which he provides ‘insights into why some of these criminals see the immediate effects of misconduct as positive, why executives often don’t feel the emotions most people would expect, and how acceptable norms in the business community can differ from those of the broader society’”. In a similar way, University College London professors, Neil Garrett, Stephanie C Lazzaro, Dan Ariely and Tali Sharot, indicated in the article “The brain adapts to dishonesty”, published recently in Nature, that “many dishonest acts are speculatively traced back to a sequence of smaller transgressions that gradually escalated. From financial fraud to plagiarism, online scams and scientific misconduct, deceivers retrospectively describe how minor dishonest decisions snowballed into significant ones over time”.  “These analyses could explain why bankers act the way they do, but it is not enough to explain why some do wrong and others do right.  Most of them are perfectly aware of what is wrong or even what is a criminal behavior while doing their jobs, and not only keep doing what they are doing, but they also refuse to admit their mistakes and felonies”, explain Mr. Rojas. “What is odd is that there are so few bankers in prison after having committed some of the worst mismanagements in their positions, reaching some of these criminal activities, and causing a lot of pain and economic hardship for millions of people around the world,” says Rojas and concludes “It seems that not only are banks too big to fall, but bankers too powerful to go to the prison“. The study The study was conducted during July and August 2016 through the online application Easypromos published in the Facebook page https://www.facebook.com/WorstbankersintheWorld/ in 4 different languages: English, Spanish, Russian and German. The voting mechanism allowed to identify the IPs from where the vote was aired to have greater control. To promote the vote, a Facebook Ads campaign was launched in the 4 languages and with geographical segments for each country.  Also, to foster voting, participants were offered to enter a draw of Xbox and iTunes cards. Bankers nominated by country:  USA: Bernie Madoff, Hank Paulson, Jimmy Cayne, Sandy Weill, Stan O’Neal, Marion and Herb Sandler, Dick Fuld, Kathleen Corbet, Frank Raines, Joe Cassano, Alan Greenspan and Angelo Mozilo. Spain: Manuel Escribano, José Luis Méndez, Lucas Hernández, Francisco Fernández, Roberto López Abad, Josep Maria Loza, María Dolores Amorós, Ricard Pages, Domingo Parra, José Luis Pego, Juan Salido, Manuel Troyano, Rodrigo Rato, Isidro Fainé, Angel Ron, Francisco González, José Ignacio Goirigolzarri and Ana Patricia Botín United Kingdom: Tracy Garrad, Nathan Bostock, Joe Garner, James Crosby, Niall Booker, Paul Pester, Stephen Hester, Stuart Gulliver, Antonio Horta-Osorio, Ross McEwan, David Duffy and Jes Staley. Russian Federation: Mikail Shishkhanov, Alexander Lebedev, Mikhail Fridman, Dmitryi Ananjev, Oleg Tinkov, Roman Avdeev, Aleksey Ananjev, Rustam Tariko, Mikhail Prochorov, Igor Kim and Arkadyi Rotenberg Germany: Werner Schmidt, Martin Blessing, Michael Kemmer, Constantin von Oesterreich, Gunter Dunkel, Herbert Hans Gruntker, Dr Ulrich Schroder, Hans-Jorg Vetter, Thomas Burkle, John Cryan, Theodor Weimer and Wolfgang Kirsch Media Contact Company Name: ICMB School Contact Person: Octavio Rojas Email: Send Email Phone: 911123481 Country: Spain Website: http://icmbschool.com/ Posted Under Uncategorized Tagged Books Books & Literature Business Companies Culture Finance Law & Legal News & Current Affairs officer World Post navigation Goodway Group Ramps Up Hiring for 2017, Focusing on Women in Tech Airwheel C5 Bluetooth Smart bike Helmet is Like People’s Eyes Search Search for: Partners US Restaurants Copyright © 2017 MilTech. Proudly powered by WordPress. | Theme: Awaken by ThemezHut.
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy   Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance State Street Corporation - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for State Street Corporation with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Metro Ag (MEO3) PT Set at €38.00 by equinet AG Berenberg Bank Analysts Give SAP SE (SAP) a €94.00 Price Target adidas AG (ADS) PT Set at €166.00 by Kepler Capital Markets Graco Inc. (GGG) Expected to Earn Q1 2017 Earnings of $0.78 Per Share HCA Holdings, Inc. to Post Q1 2017 Earnings of $1.81 Per Share, KeyCorp Forecasts (HCA) IDEX Corporation (IEX) Expected to Earn Q1 2017 Earnings of $0.93 Per Share Olin Corporation (OLN) Hits New 12-Month High After Strong Earnings ContraVir Pharmaceuticals Inc (CTRV) Given Consensus Rating of “Strong Buy” by Brokerages Cesca Therapeutics Inc. (KOOL) Given Consensus Recommendation of “Hold” by Brokerages Zacks: BGC Partners, Inc. (BGCP) Given $14.00 Average Target Price by Analysts Zacks: Orchid Island Capital, Inc. (ORC) Given Average Rating of “Strong Buy” by Analysts Zacks: AC Immune SA (ACIU) Given $23.00 Consensus Target Price by Analysts Royal Bank Of Canada Downgrades E.On Se (EONGY) to Underperform Pagegroup PLC (MPI) Price Target Raised to GBX 490 Diageo plc (DGE) Receives Buy Rating from HSBC Holdings plc Metro Ag (MEO3) Given a €38.00 Price Target at Oddo Securities Overstock.com, Inc. (OSTK) Major Shareholder Sells $15,228,861.84 in Stock Voya Prime Rate Trust (PPR) Declares Monthly Dividend of $0.03 Hanesbrands Inc. (HBI) Posts Quarterly Earnings Results, Misses Estimates By $0.05 EPS UNITIL Corporation (UTL) Announces Quarterly Earnings Results, Beats Estimates By $0.01 EPS FY2017 Earnings Forecast for State Street Corporation (STT) Issued By Jefferies Group February 1st, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Patrick Bannon Filed Under: Analyst Articles - Estimates - Finance Tweet State Street Corporation (NYSE:STT) – Research analysts at Jefferies Group cut their FY2017 earnings per share (EPS) estimates for shares of State Street Corporation in a research report issued on Wednesday. Jefferies Group analyst K. Usdin now forecasts that the firm will post earnings of $5.70 per share for the year, down from their previous forecast of $5.95. Jefferies Group currently has a “Buy” rating and a $89.00 target price on the stock. Jefferies Group also issued estimates for State Street Corporation’s FY2018 earnings at $6.30 EPS. A number of other equities research analysts have also weighed in on the stock. Zacks Investment Research lowered shares of State Street Corporation from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating in a report on Monday, January 16th. Argus lowered shares of State Street Corporation from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating in a report on Thursday, January 26th. Keefe, Bruyette & Woods raised shares of State Street Corporation from an “underperform” rating to a “market perform” rating in a report on Wednesday, October 5th. Credit Suisse Group began coverage on shares of State Street Corporation in a report on Tuesday, November 22nd. They set a “neutral” rating and a $74.00 price objective on the stock. Finally, Barclays PLC reissued a “buy” rating and set a $71.00 price objective on shares of State Street Corporation in a report on Tuesday, October 11th. One equities research analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, ten have issued a hold rating and five have given a buy rating to the company’s stock. The stock has an average rating of “Hold” and an average price target of $77.33. TRADEMARK VIOLATION NOTICE: “FY2017 Earnings Forecast for State Street Corporation (STT) Issued By Jefferies Group” was first posted by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are accessing this story on another publication, it was copied illegally and republished in violation of U.S. & international trademark & copyright legislation. The original version of this story can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/02/01/fy2017-earnings-forecast-for-state-street-corporation-stt-issued-by-jefferies-group.html. Shares of State Street Corporation (NYSE:STT) traded up 0.01% during trading on Monday, reaching $76.21. The company had a trading volume of 1,100,649 shares. The company’s 50 day moving average is $79.42 and its 200-day moving average is $72.85. The stock has a market capitalization of $29.40 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 15.59 and a beta of 1.35. State Street Corporation has a 1-year low of $50.60 and a 1-year high of $83.49. State Street Corporation (NYSE:STT) last announced its earnings results on Wednesday, January 25th. The company reported $1.48 EPS for the quarter, topping the Zacks’ consensus estimate of $1.32 by $0.16. State Street Corporation had a return on equity of 12.13% and a net margin of 20.16%. The company had revenue of $2.50 billion for the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $2.78 billion. During the same period last year, the firm earned $1.21 EPS. State Street Corporation’s revenue for the quarter was up 6.2% compared to the same quarter last year. Several hedge funds have recently added to or reduced their stakes in the company. Segment Wealth Management LLC boosted its stake in shares of State Street Corporation by 61.9% in the third quarter. Segment Wealth Management LLC now owns 27,752 shares of the company’s stock valued at $1,932,000 after buying an additional 10,613 shares in the last quarter. Emerald Acquisition Ltd. purchased a new stake in State Street Corporation during the second quarter valued at $223,563,000. BlackRock Inc. boosted its stake in State Street Corporation by 4.4% in the third quarter. BlackRock Inc. now owns 784,984 shares of the company’s stock valued at $54,659,000 after buying an additional 32,972 shares during the period. JPMorgan Chase & Co. boosted its stake in State Street Corporation by 15.8% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 1,926,191 shares of the company’s stock valued at $134,120,000 after buying an additional 262,827 shares during the period. Finally, Brandes Investment Partners LP boosted its stake in State Street Corporation by 2.2% in the second quarter. Brandes Investment Partners LP now owns 2,678,770 shares of the company’s stock valued at $144,439,000 after buying an additional 58,873 shares during the period. 87.07% of the stock is owned by institutional investors and hedge funds. TRADEMARK VIOLATION NOTICE: “FY2017 Earnings Forecast for State Street Corporation (STT) Issued By Jefferies Group” was first posted by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are accessing this story on another publication, it was copied illegally and republished in violation of U.S. & international trademark & copyright legislation. The original version of this story can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/02/01/fy2017-earnings-forecast-for-state-street-corporation-stt-issued-by-jefferies-group.html. In other news, EVP Karen C. Keenan sold 1,000 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction dated Friday, January 20th. The shares were sold at an average price of $79.12, for a total transaction of $79,120.00. Following the completion of the sale, the executive vice president now owns 46,229 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $3,657,638.48. The transaction was disclosed in a filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which can be accessed through the SEC website. Also, EVP Jeffrey N. Carp sold 2,926 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction dated Monday, November 14th. The stock was sold at an average price of $77.38, for a total transaction of $226,413.88. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Insiders have sold 3,980 shares of company stock valued at $309,723 in the last three months. Corporate insiders own 0.64% of the company’s stock. The business also recently announced a quarterly dividend, which was paid on Wednesday, January 18th. Stockholders of record on Tuesday, January 3rd were paid a dividend of $0.38 per share. The ex-dividend date was Thursday, December 29th. This represents a $1.52 dividend on an annualized basis and a dividend yield of 1.99%. State Street Corporation’s dividend payout ratio is currently 30.52%. State Street Corporation Company Profile State Street Corporation, the parent company, is a financial holding company. The parent company provides financial and managerial support to its legal and operating subsidiaries. The Company, through its subsidiary, State Street Bank, provides a range of financial services and products to institutional investors across the world. Receive News & Ratings for State Street Corporation Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for State Street Corporation and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Trump Cancels Harley-Davidson Trip Due to Possible Protests White House Appears to Pull Back on Part of Policy on Vetting President Trump’s Labor Secretary Choice Outsourced Jobs President Trump Agenda: Border Wall and Sanctuary Cities White House Says President Trump Will Not Release His Tax Returns © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
null
X Edition: United States Business Business Home Legal Deals Aerospace & Defense Finance Autos Reuters Summits ADventures Data Dive Markets Markets Home U.S. Markets European Markets Asian Markets Global Market Data Indices Stocks Bonds Currencies Commodities Futures Funds Earnings Dividends World World Home U.S. Special Reports Reuters Investigates Euro Zone Middle East China Japan Mexico Brazil Africa Russia India Politics Politics Home Polling Explorer Live: Trump's First 100 Days What Voters Want Supreme Court Tech Technology Home Science Top 100 Global Innovators Media Environment Innovation Commentary Commentary Home Podcasts Breakingviews Breakingviews Home Breakingviews Video Money Money Home Retirement Lipper Awards Analyst Research Stock Screener Fund Screener Life Health Sports Arts Entertainment Oddly Enough Pictures Pictures Home The Wider Image Photographers Focus 360 Video MOVES-HSBC appoints Doody as global head of leveraged & acquisition financ... Africa América Latina عربي Argentina Brasil Canada 中国 Deutschland España France India Italia 日本 México РОССИЯ United Kingdom United States Private Equity | Wed Feb 1, 2017 | 11:57am EST MOVES-HSBC appoints Doody as global head of leveraged & acquisition finance By Hannah Brenton Feb 1 JP Morgan veteran Ray Doody is leaving the firm to join HSBC as global head of leveraged and acquisition finance, HSBC confirmed on Wednesday. Doody will take up his role within HSBC's global banking and markets unit in May. He will be based in London and report to Matthew Westerman and Robin Phillips, co-heads of global banking. Doody has led JP Morgan's acquisition & leveraged finance business in EMEA since 2008. He has spent 20 years at JP Morgan and led a number of high-profile deals including ChemChina's purchase of Pirelli, Glazer's acquisition of Manchester United and the financing of the Numericables acquisition of SFR. His departure from JP Morgan follows a restructuring of the US bank's EMEA leveraged finance team in October last year. An internal memo at the time said that Doody was exploring other opportunities within the firm. (Editing by Christopher Mangham) Next In Private Equity Swiss stocks - Factors to watch on Feb 3 ZURICH, Feb 3 The Swiss blue-chip SMI was seen opening 0.1 percent easier at 8,268 points on Friday, according to premarket indications by bank Julius Baer . French snowsports firm Rossignol to buy Felt Bicycles PARIS, Feb 3 French snowsports equipment firm Rossignol has agreed to buy Felt Bicycles, a U.S. maker of racing and mountain bikes with annual sales of more than $60 million, the company said on Friday. UPDATE 5-Uber CEO quits Trump's business advisory group SAN FRANCISCO/WASHINGTON Feb 2 Uber Technologies Inc Chief Executive Officer Travis Kalanick quit President Donald Trump's business advisory group on Thursday amid mounting pressure from activists and employees who oppose the administration's immigration policies. MORE FROM REUTERS Sponsored Content From Around the WebPromoted by Revcontent Trending Stories Pictures Pictures of the month Sponsored Topics X Follow Reuters: Follow Us On Twitter Follow Us On Facebook Follow Us On RSS Follow Us On Instagram Follow Us On YouTube Follow Us On LinkedIn Subscribe: Feeds | Newsletters | Podcasts | Apps Reuters News Agency | Brand Attribution Guidelines | Careers Reuters is the news and media division of Thomson Reuters. Thomson Reuters is the world's largest international multimedia news agency, providing investing news, world news, business news, technology news, headline news, small business news, news alerts, personal finance, stock market, and mutual funds information available on Reuters.com, video, mobile, and interactive television platforms. Learn more about Thomson Reuters products: Eikon Information, analytics and exclusive news on financial markets - delivered in an intuitive desktop and mobile interface Elektron Everything you need to empower your workflow and enhance your enterprise data management World-Check Screen for heightened risk individual and entities globally to help uncover hidden risks in business relationships and human networks Westlaw Build the strongest argument relying on authoritative content, attorney-editor expertise, and industry defining technology ONESOURCE The most comprehensive solution to manage all your complex and ever-expanding tax and compliance needs CHECKPOINT The industry leader for online information for tax, accounting and finance professionals All quotes delayed a minimum of 15 minutes. See here for a complete list of exchanges and delays. Site Feedback Corrections Advertising Guidelines Cookies Terms of Use Privacy Policy
Continue to Site » ADVERTISEMENT Sign Up Sign In Insurance Networking News Core Systems Analytics Distribution Channels Security & Risk Innovation Voices     Videos Slideshows Newsletters Current Issue Marketplace Resources Dig|In 2017 White Paper Growing government cyber intelligence See all White Papers eBook Using Digital and Analytics to Reimagine the Underwriting Process See all eBooks Web Seminar Revolutionizing insurance: The new customer experience in an age of predictive analytics See all Web Seminars Event Women in Insurance Leadership 2017 OCT 2, 2017 - Chicago, IL See all Events Innovation Technology VCs Have a $1 Billion Obsession With Car Startups By: Dana Hull February 1, 2017 Twitter LinkedIn Facebook Google + Email Comments Print Reprints (Bloomberg) -- In Silicon Valley’s eagerness to invest in all things automotive, venture capitalists put $100 million into a Boston startup that makes an alternative to shock absorbers. It’s not a particularly sexy part of the industry, but investors were sold on ClearMotion Inc.’s vision for using technology to give your car a smoother ride. Silicon Valley’s New Enterprise Associates, World Innovation Lab, Eileses Capital and Qualcomm Inc.’s VC arm were among those contributing funds. JPMorgan Chase & Co.’s asset management group led the funding round and took a seat on the company’s board of directors. ClearMotion was founded in 2009 by Massachusetts Institute of Technology students seeking to design a better shock absorber. The part is found on the wheels of every car and truck sold today. The startup hopes to set itself apart with software that controls the vehicle’s actuators, helping to quickly identify and react to road conditions like speed bumps and potholes and improve vehicle suspension systems. Shakheel Avadhany, the company’s 29-year-old chief executive officer, somehow manages to pitch shocks like they’re an Apple Inc. product. “We want to do for motion what noise-canceling headphones do for noise,” he said. “Traditional shock absorbers play defense against the road. We’re playing offense.” The auto industry is in the midst of an overhaul thanks to several trends happening simultaneously. Cars are going electric, learning to drive themselves and becoming computers on wheels. Detroit is also grappling with the future of automobile ownership in a world of autonomy and ride-hailing apps. Tech investors are anxious about missing the next turn. Venture funding for auto-tech startups topped $1 billion in 2016, according to research firm CB Insights. The largest deal last year was an investment of at least $200 million in the secretive autonomous-car startup Zoox Inc. “We are just scratching the surface in terms of technology that will enable the automobile,” said Kittu Kolluri, a director and investor in ClearMotion. The latest round of funding was ClearMotion’s third, but the 115-person company still has a long way to go. Its product isn’t being manufactured yet, and it declined to disclose any supplier agreements. Twitter LinkedIn Facebook Google + Email Comments Print Reprints Next in Innovation ► RSA Invests in Connected Pet Company Related Innovation RSA Invests in Connected Pet Company The company insurers more than 1 million pets in the UK and has made its first insurtech investment in that space. Innovation Projections for 2017 IT Spending Revised Down: Gartner Political uncertainty in global markets has been identified as the cause. Innovation Fight Over Tesla’s Self-Driving Pro Shows Talent War Escalating The legal fight involving autonomous-driving hot shots is the latest to show how the war for talent in Silicon Valley is... More in Innovation See All » Innovation Women in Insurance Leadership 2017 Check back for more information. Innovation Digital Insurance 2017 The digital transformation of the Insurance industry continues and Dig|In 2017 will offer a glimpse of the industrys... Innovation Growing government cyber intelligence As traditional network perimeters surrounding data centers dissolve, agencies face enormous difficulties fending off attacks... Comments (0) Be the first to comment on this post using the section below. Add Your Comments: Not Registered? You must be registered to post a comment. Click here to register. Already registered? Log in here Please note you must now log in with your email address and password. E-MAIL ADDRESS PASSWORD Remember me SlideshowsSee All » 10 Burning Insurance Tech Questions for 2017 17 Insurtechs to Watch in 2017 Insurance IT Startups Pitch Carriers at Expo MOST POPULAR MOST EMAILED Nevada to Insurers: We Want to Know About Your Data Models Hamilton Creates Position to Advance Data Science in Underwriting Employers Holdings Hires New CIO RSA Invests in Connected Pet Company Grange Insurance Launches Alexa Skill for Amazon Echo Liberty Mutual Plans Telematics Expansion in Two Programs GEICO Adds Virtual Assistant Tool for Mobile App Users Insurers Seek More Data & Analytics Training VideosSee All » Video: Esurance's Nandini Easwar Talks Developing Women in Insurance IT Video: Unum's Lynda Fleury on Insurance Cybersecurity Video: Lincoln Financial's Heather Milligan on Underwriting Challenges Insurance Networking News About Us Advertising/Media Kit Editorial Calendar Contact Us Content Licensing & Reprints Sign Up Customer Service My Account Privacy Statement sourcemedia corporate site banking American Banker Credit Union Journal mortgages National Mortgage News payments PaymentsSource ISO & Agent municipal finance The Bond Buyer capital markets Mergers & Acquisitions Asset Securitization Report accounting Accounting Today Tax Pro Today healthcare technology Health Data Management Insurance Networking News Information Management employee benefits Employee Benefit News Employee Benefit Adviser investment advisory Financial Planning On Wall Street Bank Investment Consultant Money Management Executive © 2017 SourceMedia. All rights reserved. Mobile Version
Apple has $246 BILLION in cash, nearly all overseas - Erie News Now: News, Weather & Sports | WICU 12 & WSEE Member Center: Create Account| Log In Manage Account| Log Out SITE SEARCHWEB SEARCH BY Video Gallery Social Stream Groundhog Day Social Stream Super Bowl Get Apps Text Alerts LIVE Nat'l News Radar NewsNow MeTV CNN Video Social Stream Money Radar NewsNow NBC LIVE Nat'l News CNN Video CBS National/World The Insider Real Estate Election Get Apps School closings Korea Veterans Radar Web Cams Traffic/Airport Get Apps School closings See It, Shoot It Text Alerts Web Cams - Local Roads Buoy Data Prep Champs Text Alerts Football Super Bowl Pro Football Challenge Win tickets to a Sabres/Penguins Game Nascar Schedule NFL Football Watch NBC Sports LIVE Golf Fashion Friday WICU TV Guide What's On NBC MeTV Watch CBS Food Winey Wednesday Groundhog Day Social Stream Pro Football Challenge WSEE TV Listings NBC Mr. Food Contest Wine Radar Giving You The Business Pump Pricer School closings MeTV See It, Shoot It The Insider Football Text Alerts Across the Country Korea Veterans Local business Real Estate Transfers Wine Real Estate Closings Obituaries Great Deals! FAQ Digital Advertising Get Apps Wine News Team Contact Us Feedback Suggestions Jobs EEO Report Caribbean Main Entertainment Money Home/Family Health Food Pets Tech Travel Beauty & Style Auto VideoBytes Press Releases Apple has $246 BILLION in cash, nearly all overseas Posted: Wednesday, February 1, 2017 11:05 AM EST Updated: Wednesday, February 1, 2017 1:05 PM EST The Apple headquarters at 1 Infinite Loop, Cupertino, California. The Apple headquarters at 1 Infinite Loop, Cupertino, California. The Apple headquarters at 1 Infinite Loop, Cupertino, California. The Apple headquarters at 1 Infinite Loop, Cupertino, California. Tim Cook is the CEO of Apple and serves on its Board of Directors. Before being named CEO in August 2011, Tim was Apple's Chief Operating Officer and was responsible for all of the company's worldwide sales and operations. By Paul R. La Monica NEW YORK (CNNMoney) -- Apple continues to mint money. The maker of iEverything had $246.1 billion in cash and investments on its balance sheet as of the end of its most recent quarter, up nearly $10 billion from the end of September. That's a new record for non-financial companies. (Banks tend to have a lot more cash than most other companies for operational purposes.) To put this into context, if Apple's cash were a separate company, it would be the 13th most valuable in the S&P 500. Apple is the most valuable, of course. The remaining dozen are Google-parent Alphabet, Microsoft, Warren Buffet's Berkshire Hathaway, Amazon, Facebook, ExxonMobil, Johnson & Johnson, JPMorgan Chase, Wells Fargo, GE and AT&T. Apple's cash pile is bigger than the market values of Procter & Gamble, Bank of America, Chevron and Walmart. And if President Trump and congressional leaders get their way, Apple and other cash hoarders may soon be able to put this money to work in the United States instead of having it sitting in foreign bank accounts collecting interest -- not to mention dust. Apple CFO Luca Maestri said during the company's conference call with analysts on Tuesday that $230.2 billion of its cash -- 94% of it -- was being held overseas. President Trump has called for a one-time tax cut to bring back -- or repatriate -- the cash that big businesses have in foreign accounts. Microsoft, Alphabet, Cisco and Oracle also have a significant chunk of their cash overseas. Trump is hoping that Apple and these other tech giants could use this cash to hire more American workers. Skeptics claim that companies will be more likely to boost dividends, buy back more stock and maybe acquire companies. That could be good for investors, but not for average Americans who have little (if any) exposure to the stock market. Apple CEO Tim Cook said during the conference call that he was "optimistic" that there will be "some sort of tax reform this year," adding that there are "people in both parties that would favor repatriation as a part of that." Cook hinted Apple might use the money on deals. In response to a question from Morgan Stanley analyst Katy Huberty about uses for its cash, he said tax reform would be "very good for the country and good for Apple" and added that "we are always looking at acquisitions." So what could Apple buy with all of its cash? If it wanted (and I'm not suggesting at all that it will...this list is meant for the purposes of fun only) Apple could make a bigger move into media. It could buy Disney or NBCUniversal/DreamWorks Animation parent Comcast -- and have more than $65 billion left for a proverbial rainy day. Or Apple could scoop up Fox, CBS, Viacom and CNN owner Time Warner too. And it would still have about $70 billion more in its bank account. Of course, there are obvious antitrust issues with this fanciful scenario, not to mention the fact that Time Warner already has agreed to sell itself to AT&T. But Apple could go another (admittedly monopolistic) route in the world of media. Salesforce chief digital evangelist Vala Ashfar crunched the numbers and tweeted that Apple could buy EVERY team in all four professional U.S sports leagues. I wonder if this includes the new expansion NHL team in Sin City though? The Vegas Golden Knights won't hit the ice until the new hockey season starts in the fall of 2017. Another Twitter user looked at economic statistics and found that Apple would be a pretty large country if it were to become its own iNation. An iPhone in every house and a future Apple Car (if you believe the rumors) from President Cook of the United States of Apple? Probably not. It's also worth noting that Apple has been borrowing a lot in the past few years, despite having all that cash overseas. Apple's long-term debt load did fall slightly in the most recent quarter, but still stands at $73.6 billion. Still, investors love the fact that Apple's sales and earnings are back on track and that the company is increasing its cash levels too. The stock surged more than 5% Wednesday, helping to boost the overall market. Now we just need to see what Cook will do with all that Apple dough -- and how President Trump will respond to those plans. TM & © 2017 Cable News Network, Inc., a Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. 3514 State St. Erie, PA 16508 Newsroom: (814) 454-8812 Business offices: (814) 454-5201 WICU FCC Filing WSEE FCC Filing Sections: Home Weather Sports Video Calendar Finance WICU TV Listings WSEE TV Listings Health Contact Us FAQ Services: Advertise Submit a Story Submit an Event Send Your Feedback Manage Your Account Free Emails    Forecast    Daily Headlines    News    Breaking News Wine Festivals Share: Share Stories Submit your stories to our site! Share Photos Share your photos in our community galleries RSS Feeds Mobile: WICU12/WSEE News App Free Android App Free iPhone App Free iPad App Local Weather App Free Android App Free iPhone App Free iPad App All content © Copyright 2000 - 2017 WICU. All Rights Reserved. For more information on this site, please read our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service.                    WICU/WSEE - 3514 State Street Erie, PA 16508 - (814) 454-5201 - info@wicu12.com
Skip to content MilTech pr@satprnews.com HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Main Menu How Five bankers With The Worst Reputation May Help Younger Fintech CEO’s To Succeed 1 February 2017Military News Up left: Mr. Bernard Maddoff; Up right: Mr. Rodrigo Rato. Bottom left: Mr. James Crosby; Bottom middle: Mr. Werner Schmidt, and Bottom right: Mr. Alexander LebedevBad reputation of bankers would be a big problem for traditional banks, and a big opportunity for startups with young, trustable CEOs with no reputation issues Once considered heroes, some bankers finally turned to be cynical businessmen, by leveraging their power, money and influence to take bad decisions that affect millions and even using their financial knowledge and contacts to break the law in dubious manners. Octavio Rojas, international communication expert, published author and PhD candidate, while preparing  his next book “Fintech Disruption”, recently conducted  a worldwide poll of the “World’s Worst Bankers” in which close to 12000 people participated. “From my study, I realised that the bad reputation of bankers would be a big problem for traditional banks, and a big opportunity for startups with young, trustable CEOs with no reputation issues. I have to point out that just a few of the traditional bankers have ended in jail or even being prosecuted, while common people have been incarcerated for demonstrating against them or have to face difficult times due to the economic crisis,” says Mr. Rojas. The result of the polls indicate that bad bankers are perceived as people who used their privileges to even break the law. Bernard Madoff – Voted as Worst Banker in America (and with more votes to nominate him as the Worst Banker in the World). Mr. Madoff admitted he had never made any legitimate investments with his clients’ money. Instead, he simply deposited the money into his personal business account at Chase Manhattan Bank (turned JPMorgan Chase). He may have earned as much as $483 million by using the money in his bank account. He finally has been given the maximum prison sentence of 150 years for masterminding a massive fraud that robbed investors of $65bn.  (Source) Rodrigo Rato – Voted as the Worst Banker in Spain Mr. Rato’s was chairman of Bankia, a giant Spanish bank, which collapsed under his stewardship in 2012, aggravating Spain’s financial crisis and pushing the country to seek a bailout for its ailing banks.  In 2015, he was detained by the tax authorities and the police in Madrid as part of an investigation into fraud and money laundering. (Source) Alexander Lebedev – Voted as the Worst Banker in Russia Mr. Lebedev, KGB’s ex-officer and chairman of board of russian National Reserve Corporation, has acted as a fierce opponent of the offshore companies and seemingly fought against corruption, but he recently appeared in the “Panama Papers” related to Barzia Holdings, Inc., and he is also linked to “Immortales International Inc.”, both under the jurisdiction of British Virgin Islands.  There is an open investigation in Russia to clarify if he and his bank have attempted to circumvent the tax requirements by using offshore financial models. (Source) Werner Schmidt – former chief executive of the German bank BayernLB A German court handed former BayernLB Chief Executive Werner Schmidt a suspended prison sentence of 18 months for bribing an Austrian politician when acquiring Hypo Alpe Adria (HGAA). The sentence is one of only a few cases where a German bank manager has faced punishment for actions that led to the near-failure of a business during the financial crisis.  Schmidt, who stepped down in 2008, has admitted to bribing the now-deceased head of government of Austria’s Carinthia state, Joerg Haider, during negotiations to buy the bank. (Source) James Crosby, former CEO Halifax Mr. Crosby had escaped criticism over his role in HBOS’s collapse that triggered a £20bn taxpayer-funded bailout, but questions mounted in 2009 when a whistleblower told the parliament he had warned Crosby about the bank’s dangerous lending.  A subsequent parliamentary inquiry labeled Crosby as the architect of HBOS’s destruction, prompting calls that he should be barred from working in the City.  (Source) The author and the study “Some of these results can be striking for some, because they may miss many other bankers who have been involved recently in scandals throughout the world.  For instance, the massive fraud perpetrated by Wells Fargo in the US or the statements from Kweku Adoboli, a former USB employee in the UK, indicating that the culture of financial institutions is to compel their employees to give results at any price”, said Mr. Rojas, author of several books published in Spain and distributed in Latin America and the United States, as well as researcher and university / business school professor in International Communication, Marketing and Business School and speaker in Spain, Mexico and Ecuador during more than 20 years. Mr. Rojas indicates that “studies on white-collar crimes are not abundant, even after the current global economic crisis, but recently Eugene Soltes, an associate professor at Harvard Business School, wrote “Why They Do It: Inside the Mind of the White-Collar Criminal”, in which he provides ‘insights into why some of these criminals see the immediate effects of misconduct as positive, why executives often don’t feel the emotions most people would expect, and how acceptable norms in the business community can differ from those of the broader society’”. In a similar way, University College London professors, Neil Garrett, Stephanie C Lazzaro, Dan Ariely and Tali Sharot, indicated in the article “The brain adapts to dishonesty”, published recently in Nature, that “many dishonest acts are speculatively traced back to a sequence of smaller transgressions that gradually escalated. From financial fraud to plagiarism, online scams and scientific misconduct, deceivers retrospectively describe how minor dishonest decisions snowballed into significant ones over time”.  “These analyses could explain why bankers act the way they do, but it is not enough to explain why some do wrong and others do right.  Most of them are perfectly aware of what is wrong or even what is a criminal behavior while doing their jobs, and not only keep doing what they are doing, but they also refuse to admit their mistakes and felonies”, explain Mr. Rojas. “What is odd is that there are so few bankers in prison after having committed some of the worst mismanagements in their positions, reaching some of these criminal activities, and causing a lot of pain and economic hardship for millions of people around the world,” says Rojas and concludes “It seems that not only are banks too big to fall, but bankers too powerful to go to the prison“. The study The study was conducted during July and August 2016 through the online application Easypromos published in the Facebook page https://www.facebook.com/WorstbankersintheWorld/ in 4 different languages: English, Spanish, Russian and German. The voting mechanism allowed to identify the IPs from where the vote was aired to have greater control. To promote the vote, a Facebook Ads campaign was launched in the 4 languages and with geographical segments for each country.  Also, to foster voting, participants were offered to enter a draw of Xbox and iTunes cards. Bankers nominated by country:  USA: Bernie Madoff, Hank Paulson, Jimmy Cayne, Sandy Weill, Stan O’Neal, Marion and Herb Sandler, Dick Fuld, Kathleen Corbet, Frank Raines, Joe Cassano, Alan Greenspan and Angelo Mozilo. Spain: Manuel Escribano, José Luis Méndez, Lucas Hernández, Francisco Fernández, Roberto López Abad, Josep Maria Loza, María Dolores Amorós, Ricard Pages, Domingo Parra, José Luis Pego, Juan Salido, Manuel Troyano, Rodrigo Rato, Isidro Fainé, Angel Ron, Francisco González, José Ignacio Goirigolzarri and Ana Patricia Botín United Kingdom: Tracy Garrad, Nathan Bostock, Joe Garner, James Crosby, Niall Booker, Paul Pester, Stephen Hester, Stuart Gulliver, Antonio Horta-Osorio, Ross McEwan, David Duffy and Jes Staley. Russian Federation: Mikail Shishkhanov, Alexander Lebedev, Mikhail Fridman, Dmitryi Ananjev, Oleg Tinkov, Roman Avdeev, Aleksey Ananjev, Rustam Tariko, Mikhail Prochorov, Igor Kim and Arkadyi Rotenberg Germany: Werner Schmidt, Martin Blessing, Michael Kemmer, Constantin von Oesterreich, Gunter Dunkel, Herbert Hans Gruntker, Dr Ulrich Schroder, Hans-Jorg Vetter, Thomas Burkle, John Cryan, Theodor Weimer and Wolfgang Kirsch Media Contact Company Name: ICMB School Contact Person: Octavio Rojas Email: Send Email Phone: 911123481 Country: Spain Website: http://icmbschool.com/ Source: www.abnewswire.com Posted Under Uncategorized Tagged Books Business Companies Culture officer Uncategorized World Post navigation Power Equipment Warehouse Snow Blower Safety Tips Fetch Named Agency of Record by Mozilla Search Search for: Partners US Restaurants Copyright © 2017 MilTech. Proudly powered by WordPress. | Theme: Awaken by ThemezHut.
News Stocks Technology Science Tech Space Human Earth Health Politics World Videos The Tape Latest Follow WSP Newsletter RSS Facebook Twitter Google+ Search for: HomeNewsFB Stock: Traders Bet on a Facebook Earnings Spike FB Stock: Traders Bet on a Facebook Earnings Spike February 1, 2017 Ari Haruni All eyes will be on Facebook Inc (NASDAQ:FB) after today’s close. Wall Street analysts are on average expecting the social networking giant to post $8.47 billion in sales for the fiscal quarter ending December 11/02/2016. This would show a 21.00% increase from the Q316 revenue of $7 billion, as well as an increase of 45.03% from the same period a year earlier. EPS in Q416 are expected to come in at $1.31, a growth rate of 65.82% from $0.79 per share year-on-year. In the meantime, EarningsWhisper.com reports a whisper number of $1.37 per share. As a quick reminder, Menlo Park reported Q316 EPS of $1.09, $0.12 better than the Street’s consensus estimate. Revenue increased 55.56% year-over-year (y/y), beating consensus by about $800 million vs. the $6.92 billion consensus. While Facebook Street talk about concerns such as softer ad growth and revenue slowdown continue to persist, JPMorgan’s Doug Anmuth is sticking with his FB recommendation. In fact, he wrote in a recent note to clients that channel checks with marketers and agencies suggest “continued strong demand and no significant change in [Facebook’s growth] trajectory.”  The analyst, who reiterated an ‘overweight’ on the firm, also said that FB remains JPM’s “top large-cap pick.” In addition, RBC Capital Markets analyst Mark Mahaney reiterated an ‘outperform’ rating and $170 price target on Facebook stock ahead Q4 earnings, saying he expects user growth to increase 16 percent to 1.81 billion, with engagement staying steady at 66%. The overall logic of both analysis seems to be based on the fact that Facebook’s multiple avenues of growth are yet to be tapped or fully exploited. Speaking of new stream of revenue, The Wall Street Journal just reported that Facebook is working to develop a video-centric app for TV set-top boxes, giving it a home for video content as well as a new vehicle for video ads. Facebook Share Performance/Valuation The average volume for the $376 billion market cap company has been 18.3 million shares per day over the past 90 days. The equity has a beta of 0.66 and a short float of 0.94%. T-12 gross profit currently prints $15.1 billion. For full FY2015, Facebook raked in $17.93 billion in revenue — a spike of 44% y/y. In the past 52 weeks, shares of Menlo Park, Calif.-based company have traded between a low of $96.82 and a high of $133.50. Ticker, which is currently trading below $132 level, is up 16.4% year-over-year, and 13.27% year-to-date. Profitibility-wise, Facebook has a profit and operating margin of 30.4% and 43%, respectively. Trailing-12 revenue prints around $25 billion while return on equity is at 16%. There are currently 43 analysts covering the company. Of these, 39 have a ‘Buy’ recommendation while 3 rate it a ‘Hold’. Only one analyst rates the co. a ‘Sell’. FB has a median Street price target of $155 with a high target of $180. FB Stock Previous article Next article Related Articles News Is This Social Media App Threatening Facebook’s Popularity? August 18, 2016 Cristina Lee Technology Inequality, Productivity, and WhatsApp February 22, 2014 Robert Reich News Morning Buzz: Facebook (FB), SunEdison (SUNE), Urban Outfitters (URBN), SolarCity (SCTY) March 8, 2016 WSP Be the first to comment Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Comment Name * Email * Website The Latest Amazon (AMZN) Stock Sheds Over 30 Points As Q4 Revenue, Guidance Disappoint February 2, 2017 Scientists Chasing the Dream of Quantum Computing – Technology Just Got Their Biggest Break Yet February 2, 2017 Our Milky Way Galaxy Is Being Pushed Through Space By Vast Empty Space February 2, 2017 The Universe Is A Hologram And We Are All Just Illusions February 1, 2017 FB Stock: Traders Bet on a Facebook Earnings Spike February 1, 2017 Editor’s Picks This Company Has Just Given The Entire World Access To Quantum Computing January 15, 2017 16 Mind Blowing Facts About Billionaire Warren Buffett You Probably Didn’t Know December 31, 2016 Universal Basic Income: Not Just An Idea But A Feasible Solution December 12, 2016 Scientists Take One Giant Step Closer to Free Energy December 9, 2016 Here’s What Oil Did the Last Time OPEC Cut Production December 7, 2016 A Disease Called Aging November 22, 2016 Markets SPY 227.77 +0.15 +0.07% Nikkei 19028.80 +114.22 +0.60% UK 7140.75 +33.10 +0.47% France 4794.29 -0.29 -0.01% Germany 11627.95 -31.55 -0.27% EUR / USD 1.0758 -0.0004 -0.04% GBP / USD 1.2512 -0.0019 -0.15% CAD / USD 0.7673 +0.0001 +0.01% AUD / USD 0.7650 -0.0010 -0.13% Oil Fut 52.33 +0.96 +1.87% Gold Fut 1212.60 -4.10 -0.34% Facebook Twitter Google+ Authors Archive Copyright © 2017 Wall Street Pit | Contact Us | Advertise | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy
Our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy have changed. By continuing to use this site, you are agreeing to the new Privacy Policy and Terms of Service. U.S. + International Business There's one thing missing from the new Trump hotel World Access Companies Car News Interactives Trumponomics CNNMoney Sport Player ROI Who is..? The Feed CNNMoney Investigates American Opportunity 5 Stunning Stats Growing India Markets Trump's first jobs report: 3 things to know Investing Economy Buzz Fed Focus ETF Center Premarkets Market Movers Dow 30 After-Hours World Markets America's Debt & the Economy Before the Bell New Investor Investing Guide Fear & Greed Tech Microsoft unveils new, nicer chat bot Business Culture Gadgets Future Startups Powering Your World Agility in Action Upstarts Innovative Cities Unhackable 15 Questions Media Personal Finance Couples are spending a record amount to get married Save Spend Ahead Wheels Real Estate Careers Millennials & Money Your Money Homes Calculators Money Moves 24 Hours With Money Essentials My Watch List Loan Center Small Biz 'We are entrepreneurs, professors, scientists, artists' Startups Empire Women Entrepreneurs Luxury Glide your way through a Phoenix business trip Style Away Rare Drive Wealth Rich Quiz The Collector A Gentleman's Guide Millionaire Calculator Log In Log Out The Buzz Apple has $246 BILLION in cash, nearly all overseas by Paul R. La Monica   @lamonicabuzz February 1, 2017: 10:39 AM ET The original iPhone almost looked like this Apple continues to mint money. The maker of iEverything had $246.1 billion in cash and investments on its balance sheet as of the end of its most recent quarter, up nearly $10 billion from the end of September. That's a new record for non-financial companies. (Banks tend to have a lot more cash than most other companies for operational purposes.) To put this into context, if Apple's cash were a separate company, it would be the 13th most valuable in the S&P 500. Apple is the most valuable, of course. The remaining eleven are Google-parent Alphabet, Microsoft, Warren Buffett's Berkshire Hathaway, Amazon, Facebook, ExxonMobil, Johnson & Johnson, JPMorgan Chase, Wells Fargo, GE and AT&T. Apple's cash pile is bigger than the market values of Procter & Gamble (PG), Bank of America (BAC), Chevron (CVX) and Walmart (WMT). And if President Trump and congressional leaders get their way, Apple (AAPL, Tech30) and other cash hoarders may soon be able to put this money to work in the United States instead of having it sitting in foreign bank accounts collecting interest -- not to mention dust. Apple CFO Luca Maestri said during the company's conference call with analysts on Tuesday that $230.2 billion of its cash -- 94% of it -- was being held overseas. President Trump has called for a one-time tax cut to bring back -- or repatriate -- the cash that big businesses have in foreign accounts. Microsoft (MSFT, Tech30), Alphabet (GOOGL, Tech30), Cisco (CSCO, Tech30) and Oracle (ORCL, Tech30) also have a significant chunk of their cash overseas. Trump is hoping that Apple and these other tech giants could use this cash to hire more American workers. Skeptics claim that companies will be more likely to boost dividends, buy back more stock and maybe acquire companies. That could be good for investors, but not for average Americans who have little (if any) exposure to the stock market. Related: Apple considering legal action over Trump's travel ban Apple CEO Tim Cook said during the conference call that he was "optimistic" that there will be "some sort of tax reform this year," adding that there are "people in both parties that would favor repatriation as a part of that." Cook hinted Apple might use the money on deals. In response to a question from Morgan Stanley analyst Katy Huberty about uses for its cash, he said tax reform would be "very good for the country and good for Apple" and added that "we are always looking at acquisitions." So what could Apple buy with all of its cash? If it wanted (and I'm not suggesting at all that it will...this list is meant for the purposes of fun only) Apple could make a bigger move into media. It could buy Disney or NBCUniversal/DreamWorks Animation parent Comcast -- and have more than $65 billion left for a proverbial rainy day. Or Apple could scoop up Fox, CBS, Viacom and CNN owner Time Warner too. And it would still have about $70 billion more in its bank account. Related: Apple ends earnings losing streak with solid quarter Of course, there are obvious antitrust issues with this fanciful scenario, not to mention the fact that Time Warner already has agreed to sell itself to AT&T. But Apple could go another (admittedly monopolistic) route in the world of media. Salesforce chief digital evangelist Vala Afshar crunched the numbers and tweeted that Apple could buy EVERY team in all four professional U.S sports leagues. Apple has $246 billion in cash. It could buy all:@NFL teams🏈@NBA teams🏀@MLB teams⚾️@NHL teams🏒 ... and still have $94 billion left.— Vala Afshar (@ValaAfshar) January 31, 2017 I wonder if this includes the new expansion NHL team in Sin City though? The Vegas Golden Knights won't hit the ice until the new hockey season starts in the fall of 2017. Another Twitter user looked at economic statistics and found that Apple would be a pretty large country if it were to become its own iNation. Wow - Apple's $246B cash hoard is more than the GDP of Finland ($239B), Chile ($234B), Bangladesh ($226B) and 145 other countries.— Andy Leaver (@AndyLeaver) February 1, 2017 An iPhone in every house and a future Apple Car (if you believe the rumors) in every garage from President Cook of the United States of Apple? Probably not. It's also worth noting that Apple has been borrowing a lot in the past few years, despite having all that cash overseas. Apple's long-term debt load did fall slightly in the most recent quarter, but still stands at $73.6 billion. Still, investors love the fact that Apple's sales and earnings are back on track and that the company is increasing its cash levels too. The stock surged more than 6% Wednesday, helping to boost the overall market. Now we just need to see what Cook will do with all that Apple dough -- and how President Trump will respond to those plans. CNNMoney (New York) First published February 1, 2017: 10:39 AM ET Social Surge - What's Trending Couples are spending a record amount to get married 20 million Indians just got a 50% tax cut Apple has $246 BILLION in cash, nearly all overseas Mortgage & Savings Powered by LendingTree Terms & Conditions apply NMLS #1136 Newsletter Sponsored by Key market news. In your inbox. Every morning. Start your day right with the latest news driving global markets, from major stock movers and key economic headlines to important events on the calendar. Daily newsletter, Sunday through Friday. Privacy Policy CNNMoney Sponsors Partner Offers Paid Partner NextAdvisor Paid Partner A jaw-dropping 40,000 point bonus has arrived 7 outrageous credit cards if you have excellent credit The best credit cards for 2017 10 cards charging 0% interest until 2018 The highest paying cash back card has arrived Contact Us Advertise with Us User Preferences Closed Captioning Content Business Markets Investing Economy Tech Personal Finance Small Business Luxury Media Video Tools Site Map Interactive Job Search Real Estate Search Loan Center Calculators Corrections Market Data Alerts News Alerts Connect My Account Mobile Site & Apps Facebook Twitter LinkedIn YouTube RSS Feeds Newsletters Google+ Most stock quote data provided by BATS. Market indices are shown in real time, except for the DJIA, which is delayed by two minutes. All times are ET. Disclaimer. Morningstar: © 2016 Morningstar, Inc. All Rights Reserved. Factset: FactSet Research Systems Inc. 2016. All rights reserved. Chicago Mercantile Association: Certain market data is the property of Chicago Mercantile Exchange Inc. and its licensors. All rights reserved. Dow Jones: The Dow Jones branded indices are proprietary to and are calculated, distributed and marketed by DJI Opco, a subsidiary of S&P Dow Jones Indices LLC and have been licensed for use to S&P Opco, LLC and CNN. Standard & Poor's and S&P are registered trademarks of Standard & Poor’s Financial Services LLC and Dow Jones is a registered trademark of Dow Jones Trademark Holdings LLC. All content of the Dow Jones branded indices © S&P Dow Jones Indices LLC 2016 and/or its affiliates. © 2016 Cable News Network. A Time Warner Company. All Rights Reserved. Terms under which this service is provided to you. Privacy Policy. .
Newsroom Advertise News Alerts Weather School Closings (WJAC) My Account Search for: Select Home News Local News Top Stories National News International News Opinions Features Business News Election Marcellus Shale Health News Partner News Sports Local Sports National Sports PSU Sports News Spikes Obituaries Crime A & E Events Taste of Home Contest Classifieds Shop Weekly Circulars Grocery Coupons Gift Cards & More Half Off Deals Celebrations Celebrations Submission Clearfield-Lawrence Consolidation Home / News / Business News / Apple has $246 BILLION in cash, nearly all overseas Apple has $246 BILLION in cash, nearly all overseas Posted on Wednesday, February 1, 2017 by CNN in Business News Apple continues to mint money. The maker of iEverything had $246.1 billion in cash and investments on its balance sheet as of the end of its most recent quarter, up nearly $10 billion from the end of September. That’s a new record for non-financial companies. (Banks tend to have a lot more cash than most other companies for operational purposes.) To put this into context, if Apple’s cash were a separate company, it would be the 13th most valuable in the S&P 500. Apple is the most valuable, of course. The remaining dozen are Google-parent Alphabet, Microsoft, Warren Buffet’s Berkshire Hathaway, Amazon, Facebook, ExxonMobil, Johnson & Johnson, JPMorgan Chase, Wells Fargo, GE and AT&T. Apple’s cash pile is bigger than the market values of Procter & Gamble, Bank of America, Chevron and Walmart. And if President Trump and congressional leaders get their way, Apple and other cash hoarders may soon be able to put this money to work in the United States instead of having it sitting in foreign bank accounts collecting interest — not to mention dust. Apple CFO Luca Maestri said during the company’s conference call with analysts on Tuesday that $230.2 billion of its cash — 94% of it — was being held overseas. President Trump has called for a one-time tax cut to bring back — or repatriate — the cash that big businesses have in foreign accounts. Microsoft, Alphabet, Cisco and Oracle also have a significant chunk of their cash overseas. Trump is hoping that Apple and these other tech giants could use this cash to hire more American workers. Skeptics claim that companies will be more likely to boost dividends, buy back more stock and maybe acquire companies. That could be good for investors, but not for average Americans who have little (if any) exposure to the stock market. Apple CEO Tim Cook said during the conference call that he was “optimistic” that there will be “some sort of tax reform this year,” adding that there are “people in both parties that would favor repatriation as a part of that.” Cook hinted Apple might use the money on deals. In response to a question from Morgan Stanley analyst Katy Huberty about uses for its cash, he said tax reform would be “very good for the country and good for Apple” and added that “we are always looking at acquisitions.” So what could Apple buy with all of its cash? If it wanted (and I’m not suggesting at all that it will…this list is meant for the purposes of fun only) Apple could make a bigger move into media. It could buy Disney or NBCUniversal/DreamWorks Animation parent Comcast — and have more than $65 billion left for a proverbial rainy day. Or Apple could scoop up Fox, CBS, Viacom and CNN owner Time Warner too. And it would still have about $70 billion more in its bank account. Of course, there are obvious antitrust issues with this fanciful scenario, not to mention the fact that Time Warner already has agreed to sell itself to AT&T. But Apple could go another (admittedly monopolistic) route in the world of media. Salesforce chief digital evangelist Vala Ashfar crunched the numbers and tweeted that Apple could buy EVERY team in all four professional U.S sports leagues. I wonder if this includes the new expansion NHL team in Sin City though? The Vegas Golden Knights won’t hit the ice until the new hockey season starts in the fall of 2017. Another Twitter user looked at economic statistics and found that Apple would be a pretty large country if it were to become its own iNation. An iPhone in every house and a future Apple Car (if you believe the rumors) from President Cook of the United States of Apple? Probably not. It’s also worth noting that Apple has been borrowing a lot in the past few years, despite having all that cash overseas. Apple’s long-term debt load did fall slightly in the most recent quarter, but still stands at $73.6 billion. Still, investors love the fact that Apple’s sales and earnings are back on track and that the company is increasing its cash levels too. The stock surged more than 5% Wednesday, helping to boost the overall market. Now we just need to see what Cook will do with all that Apple dough — and how President Trump will respond to those plans. Charter hit with lawsuit for slow internet speeds Tesla Motors changes its name to ... Tesla Related Posts Top 10 consumer complaints T-Mobile is the tech company of the year Onesies have never been so hot Facebook admits it messed up more ad metrics Leave a Reply Cancel reply You must be logged in to post a comment. Jobs from Indeed What: Where: jobs by gantdaily.com Carambola © 2014 GantDaily.com. All rights reserved. About | Contact | Privacy Policy | Terms & Cond Top
HOME EDITION News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance CNBC Explains Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Recode Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows Watch Live CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Full Episodes More Log In | Register Log Out News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Consumer Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Halftime Portfolio Squawk Box Portfolio Take a Tour Subscribe Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance CNBC Explains Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Recode Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Special Reports Global Investing Hot Spots TD Ameritrade Conference Trader Talk ETF Strategist CNBC Fed Survey Modern Medicine Future Opportunities Retail Report Original Series Executive Edge Trading Nation Futures Now Retire Well The Pulse @ 1 Market The Bottom Line CNBC Events Davos Delivering Alpha eMerge Americas iCONIC Conference Cambridge Cyber Summit Sohn Conference Follow CNBC EDITION Register Log In Profile Email Preferences PRO Sign Out Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Halftime Portfolio Squawk Box Portfolio Take a Tour Subscribe LIVE TV Watch CNBC TV Watch CNBC Pro Watchlist X × × × Social Media Technology Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity The Pulse @ 1 Market Facebook earnings: Wall Street expects growth to show no sign of slowing Michelle Castillo | @mishcastillo Wednesday, 1 Feb 2017 | 9:16 AM ETCNBC.com SHARES NurPhoto | Getty Images Wall Street is expecting Facebook to show strong growth when it posts Q4 earnings on Wednesday afternoon, thanks to continued high demand from advertisers. The company is projected to show revenue of $8.51 billion, up 46 percent year over year, according to a Thompson Reuters consensus estimate. Earnings per share are expected to hit $1.31. "Our checks with marketers and agencies also suggest continued strong demand and no significant change in trajectory," JPMorgan analyst Doug Anmuth wrote in a note to clients . "Facebook remains our top large-cap pick." During Facebook's earnings call in July, Chief Financial Officer Dave Wehner said the company would be slowing down its rate of adding advertisements after mid-2017. But the company shows no sign of stopping on that front despite concerns over ad load — the tipping point where too many ads begin to drive users away. For example, the company is developing a video-based app for television sets that will allow it to increase video advertising, according to The Wall Street Journal. Facebook also announced plans to invest in original and licensed video and to add ads in between its livestreamed content. The company added new advertising options on Instagram, especially on its Snapchat-like product. RBC Capital Markets analyst Mark Mahaney said investors should take a closer look at user growth and engagement. He is expecting users to grow 16 percent to 1.81 billion, with engagement staying steady. Michelle CastilloReporter Binge 'Walking Dead' a megahit, thanks in part to white-knuckled binge-watchers By: Marc Gilbert, senior producer, CNBC Walking Dead producer: The phenomenon is no accident    Walking Dead producer: The show isn’t about zombies    Terminator writer sounds alarm on AI    Walking Dead producer: VR makes me nauseous   
Bloomberg the Company & Its ProductsBloomberg Anywhere Remote LoginBloomberg Anywhere LoginBloomberg Terminal Demo Request Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Philanthropy & Engagement Bloomberg London Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Philanthropy & Engagement Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Bloomberg London Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Advertising Bloomberg Media Distribution Bloomberg Live Conferences Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center MENU Homepage Markets Stocks Currencies Commodities Rates + Bonds Economics Magazine Benchmark Watchlist Economic Calendar Tech U.S. Global Startups Cybersecurity Digital Media Bloomberg Technology TV Hello World Studio 1.0 Pursuits Cars & Bikes Style & Grooming Spend Watches & Gadgets Food & Drinks Travel Real Estate Art & Design Politics With All Due Respect Global Risk Briefing How We’ll Know if Trump Is Making America Great Again Tracking Trump’s Web of Conflicts The Inauguration of Donald J. Trump On the March in Trump’s Capital Opinion View Gadfly Businessweek Subscribe Cover Stories Opening Remarks Etc Features 85th Anniversary Issue Behind The Cover More Science + Energy Graphics Game Plan Small Business Personal Finance Inspire GO The David Rubenstein Show Sponsored Content Bloomberg About The Company Sign In Sign In Subscribe Photographer: Jim R. Bounds/Bloomberg Technology VCs Have a $1 Billion Obsession With Car Startups by Dana Hull @danahull More stories by Dana Hull February 1, 2017, 8:00 AM EST February 1, 2017, 12:11 PM EST Latest investment is $100 million for parts maker ClearMotion Venture capitalists’ favorite areas include autonomy, electric In Silicon Valley’s eagerness to invest in all things automotive, venture capitalists put $100 million into a Boston startup that makes an alternative to shock absorbers. It’s not a particularly sexy part of the industry, but investors were sold on ClearMotion Inc.’s vision for using technology to give your car a smoother ride. Silicon Valley’s New Enterprise Associates, World Innovation Lab, Eileses Capital and Qualcomm Inc.’s VC arm were among those contributing funds. JPMorgan Chase & Co.’s asset management group led the funding round and took a seat on the company’s board of directors. Exclusive insights on technology around the world. Get Fully Charged, from Bloomberg Technology. Sign Up ClearMotion was founded in 2009 by Massachusetts Institute of Technology students seeking to design a better shock absorber. The part is found on the wheels of every car and truck sold today. The startup hopes to set itself apart with software that controls the vehicle’s actuators, helping to quickly identify and react to road conditions like speed bumps and potholes and improve vehicle suspension systems. Shakeel Avadhany, the company’s 29-year-old chief executive officer, somehow manages to pitch shocks like they’re an Apple Inc. product. “We want to do for motion what noise-canceling headphones do for noise,” he said. “Traditional shock absorbers play defense against the road. We’re playing offense.” The auto industry is in the midst of an overhaul thanks to several trends happening simultaneously. Cars are going electric, learning to drive themselves and becoming computers on wheels. Detroit is also grappling with the future of automobile ownership in a world of autonomy and ride-hailing apps. Tech investors are anxious about missing the next turn. Venture funding for auto-tech startups topped $1 billion in 2016, according to research firm CB Insights. The largest deal last year was an investment of at least $200 million in the secretive autonomous-car startup Zoox Inc., followed by auto insurance provider Metromile Inc. “We are just scratching the surface in terms of technology that will enable the automobile,” said Kittu Kolluri, a director and investor in ClearMotion. The latest round of funding was ClearMotion’s third, but the 115-person company still has a long way to go. Its product isn’t being manufactured yet, and it declined to disclose any supplier agreements. (A previous version corrected the spelling of the CEO’s first name in the fourth paragraph.) (Updates with market data in the sixth paragraph.) Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal. LEARN MORE Trending Now Trump Twitter Bursts Throw Decades-Old Alliances Into Chaos Who Will Pay for San Francisco's Tilting, Sinking Millennium Tower? America’s Top Prosecutor Defied Trump and Got Fired. Now She Gets Paid Trump Slams ‘Dumb Deal’ With Ally Australia After Testy Call Nordstrom Says It’s Cutting Ivanka Trump Brand Due to Poor Sales Terms of Service Trademarks Privacy Policy ©2017 Bloomberg L.P. All Rights Reserved Careers Made in NYC Advertise Ad Choices Website Feedback Help
For more local news from India, visit Bloombergquint.com Bloomberg the Company & Its ProductsBloomberg Anywhere Remote LoginBloomberg Anywhere LoginBloomberg Terminal Demo Request Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Philanthropy & Engagement Bloomberg London Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Philanthropy & Engagement Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Bloomberg London Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Advertising Bloomberg Media Distribution Bloomberg Live Conferences Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center MENU Homepage Markets Stocks Currencies Commodities Rates + Bonds Economics Magazine Benchmark Watchlist Economic Calendar Tech U.S. Global Startups Cybersecurity Digital Media Bloomberg Technology TV Hello World Studio 1.0 Pursuits Cars & Bikes Style & Grooming Spend Watches & Gadgets Food & Drinks Travel Real Estate Art & Design Politics With All Due Respect Global Risk Briefing How We’ll Know if Trump Is Making America Great Again Tracking Trump’s Web of Conflicts The Inauguration of Donald J. Trump On the March in Trump’s Capital Opinion View Gadfly Businessweek Subscribe Cover Stories Opening Remarks Etc Features 85th Anniversary Issue Behind The Cover More Science + Energy Graphics Game Plan Small Business Personal Finance Inspire GO The David Rubenstein Show Sponsored Content Bloomberg About The Company Sign In Sign In Subscribe GE CEO Immelt's Clash of Capitalism With Trump Trump: Pray for 'The Apprentice' and Schwarzenegger Trump: I Love Australia as a Country Without Immigrants, These Companies Wouldn't Exist Breaking Down Deutsche Bank Earnings Trump Says 'Nothing Is Off the Table' With Russia Bill Gross Says Strong Dollar Is a Threat to Growth Trump’s Plan to Do a ‘Big Number’ on Dodd-Frank Federal Reserve Leaves Interest Rates Unchanged Ralph Lauren CEO Leaves After Clash With Founder Snapchat Maker Snap Files for $3 Billion IPO GE CEO Immelt's Clash of Capitalism With Trump 9:47 AM EST February 1, 2017 Share on FacebookShare on Twitter Share on LinkedInShare on RedditShare on Google+E-mailShare on TwitterShare on WhatsApp Bloomberg Editor-in-Chief John Micklethwait recaps his interview with General Electric Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Jeffrey Immelt, touching upon the trade and immigration policies of President Donald Trump. He speaks on "Bloomberg Daybreak: Americas." (Source: Bloomberg) Most Recent Videos GAM: Trump Will Manage Relationship With Silicon Valley JPMorgan: Markets Are Over Aware of Political Risk JPMorgan's Strategy in Australia's Pension Market Wells Fargo's Wren: Stock Market Is at Fair Value Facebook's Money Machine Targets TV Ad Dollars February 2, 2017 Evercore's Schlosstein on European Risks, Uncertainty 26:27 - Ralph Schlosstein, president and chief executive officer at Evercore, discusses uncertainties and risks in Europe and his looks at his firm's fourth-quarter performance. He speaks on "Bloomberg Daybreak: Americas." (Source: Bloomberg) February 2, 2017 Too Early for Conclusions on Trump Policy: Schlosstein February 2, 2017 Full Show: Bloomberg Daybreak: Americas (02/01) February 2, 2017 Sheets: French Election Poses Downside Risk to Euro Markets General Electric Co Donald John Trump Jeff Immelt Terms of Service Trademarks Privacy Policy ©2017 Bloomberg L.P. All Rights Reserved Careers Made in NYC Advertise Ad Choices Website Feedback Help
Home About/Contact US Privacy Policy Staff Daily Email Updates Headlines Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Investing Graham Corporation - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Graham Corporation with our FREE daily email newsletter: Recent Posts Fresenius Medical Care AG & Co. KGaA (FME) PT Set at €85.00 by Warburg Research J P Morgan Chase & Co Analysts Give Infineon Technologies AG (IFXA) a €18.00 Price Target J P Morgan Chase & Co Analysts Give Infineon Technologies AG (IFXA) a €18.00 Price Target Macquarie Reiterates €150.00 Price Target for Volkswagen AG (VOW3) TransGlobe Energy (TGL) – Investment Analysts’ Recent Ratings Changes Gap, Inc. (The) (GPS) Short Interest Update General Electric Company (GE) Short Interest Update Oppenheimer Holdings Comments on Graco Inc.’s Q1 2017 Earnings (GGG) Equities Analysts Issue Forecasts for Graco Inc.’s Q1 2017 Earnings (GGG) Zacks: Crown Crafts, Inc. (CRWS) Given Average Recommendation of “Strong Buy” by Brokerages CONSOL Energy Inc. (CNX) Stock Rating Lowered by SunTrust Banks, Inc. Booker Group Plc (BOK) Given “Buy” Rating at Goldman Sachs Group, Inc. (The) Hays plc (HAS) Price Target Raised to GBX 170 Jay Shepard Sells 24,211 Shares of Versartis, Inc. (VSAR) Stock Christopher M. Connor Sells 117,458 Shares of Sherwin-Williams Company (The) (SHW) Stock Neil Smit Sells 133,314 Shares of Comcast Corporation (CMCSA) Stock Delphi Automotive PLC (DLPH) Releases FY17 Earnings Guidance Ingredion Incorporated (INGR) Releases FY17 Earnings Guidance Vantiv, Inc. (VNTV) Releases Quarterly Earnings Results, Beats Estimates By $0.03 EPS Aceto Corporation (ACET) Posts Quarterly Earnings Results, Misses Estimates By $0.08 EPS Graham Corporation (GHM) Announces Earnings Results Posted by Jacob Kohn on Feb 1st, 2017 // No Comments Tweet Graham Corporation (NYSE:GHM) posted its quarterly earnings data on Wednesday. The company reported $0.19 EPS for the quarter, topping the consensus estimate of $0.07 by $0.12. Graham Corporation had a net margin of 3.82% and a return on equity of 3.26%. The business had revenue of $22.70 million for the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $21.38 million. During the same quarter in the previous year, the firm posted $0.13 earnings per share. Graham Corporation’s quarterly revenue was up 31.2% on a year-over-year basis. Graham Corporation (NYSE:GHM) opened at 22.22 on Wednesday. The stock has a 50 day moving average of $22.74 and a 200 day moving average of $20.10. The company has a market cap of $216.11 million, a P/E ratio of 70.09 and a beta of 1.05. Graham Corporation has a 52 week low of $16.16 and a 52 week high of $25.00. The company also recently announced a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Tuesday, February 28th. Stockholders of record on Tuesday, February 14th will be paid a $0.09 dividend. This represents a $0.36 annualized dividend and a dividend yield of 1.62%. Graham Corporation’s dividend payout ratio is presently 112.50%. In other Graham Corporation news, Director Gerard T. Mazurkiewicz sold 1,900 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction dated Monday, November 21st. The shares were sold at an average price of $20.30, for a total transaction of $38,570.00. Following the transaction, the director now owns 11,431 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $232,049.30. The transaction was disclosed in a legal filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is available at the SEC website. Also, CFO Jeffrey Glajch sold 7,833 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction dated Tuesday, November 15th. The shares were sold at an average price of $20.53, for a total transaction of $160,811.49. Following the transaction, the chief financial officer now directly owns 52,358 shares in the company, valued at approximately $1,074,909.74. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Company insiders own 3.50% of the company’s stock. A number of hedge funds and other institutional investors have recently bought and sold shares of GHM. Granite Investment Partners LLC increased its position in Graham Corporation by 280.5% in the third quarter. Granite Investment Partners LLC now owns 123,154 shares of the company’s stock worth $2,352,000 after buying an additional 90,789 shares during the period. JPMorgan Chase & Co. increased its position in shares of Graham Corporation by 149.0% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 92,210 shares of the company’s stock worth $1,761,000 after buying an additional 55,179 shares during the last quarter. Russell Investments Group Ltd. purchased a new position in shares of Graham Corporation during the fourth quarter worth about $867,000. American Century Companies Inc. increased its position in shares of Graham Corporation by 4.6% in the second quarter. American Century Companies Inc. now owns 610,363 shares of the company’s stock worth $11,243,000 after buying an additional 26,691 shares during the last quarter. Finally, Price T Rowe Associates Inc. MD increased its position in shares of Graham Corporation by 9.2% in the third quarter. Price T Rowe Associates Inc. MD now owns 312,430 shares of the company’s stock worth $5,967,000 after buying an additional 26,230 shares during the last quarter. 75.84% of the stock is currently owned by institutional investors and hedge funds. Several equities research analysts recently commented on GHM shares. Sidoti raised shares of Graham Corporation from a “neutral” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $30.00 price objective on the stock in a research note on Tuesday, January 3rd. Zacks Investment Research lowered shares of Graham Corporation from a “strong-buy” rating to a “hold” rating in a research note on Friday, November 4th. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION NOTICE: “Graham Corporation (GHM) Announces Earnings Results” was first posted by Web Breaking News and is the property of of Web Breaking News. If you are viewing this report on another website, it was illegally copied and reposted in violation of United States & international copyright & trademark law. The original version of this report can be viewed at http://www.webbreakingnews.com/2017/02/01/graham-corporation-ghm-announces-earnings-results.html. About Graham Corporation Graham Corporation designs, manufactures and sells critical equipment for the energy, defense and chemical/petrochemical industries. The Company designs and manufactures custom-engineered ejectors, vacuum pumping systems, surface condensers and vacuum systems. It is a nuclear code accredited fabrication and specialty machining company. Receive News & Ratings for Graham Corporation Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Graham Corporation and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter. « Previous MidSouth Bancorp (MSL) Releases Earnings Results, Misses Estimates By $0.01 EPS Next » PPL Corporation (PPL) Releases FY17 Earnings Guidance Latest News Nike Suspends Relationship with Maria Sharapova Rob Bironas Ex-Titans Kicker Dies in Car Crash Ron Washington Leaves Texas Rangers Due to an Affair Jonathan Dwyer Falls in Line with Other Banned NFL Players Tony Stewart Case Going to the Grand Jury Oscar Pistorius “Blade Runner” Found Not Guilty of Murder Leave a Reply Click here to cancel reply. Name (Required) Mail (will not be published) (Required) Website   Home Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Headlines Investing © 2006-2017 Web Breaking News.
HOME EDITION News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance CNBC Explains Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Recode Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows Watch Live CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Full Episodes More Log In | Register Log Out News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Consumer Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Halftime Portfolio Squawk Box Portfolio Take a Tour Subscribe Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance CNBC Explains Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Recode Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Special Reports Global Investing Hot Spots TD Ameritrade Conference Trader Talk ETF Strategist CNBC Fed Survey Modern Medicine Future Opportunities Retail Report Original Series Executive Edge Trading Nation Futures Now Retire Well The Pulse @ 1 Market The Bottom Line CNBC Events Davos Delivering Alpha eMerge Americas iCONIC Conference Cambridge Cyber Summit Sohn Conference Follow CNBC EDITION Register Log In Profile Email Preferences PRO Sign Out Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Halftime Portfolio Squawk Box Portfolio Take a Tour Subscribe LIVE TV Watch CNBC TV Watch CNBC Pro Watchlist X × × × Europe News French election scandal and ‘anxieties’ send spreads to a three-year high Silvia Amaro | @Silvia_Amaro Wednesday, 1 Feb 2017 | 7:22 AM ETCNBC.com SHARES ALAIN JOCARD | AFP | Getty Images A 'radical-left winger' and the fading hopes of the center-right are making investors nervous ahead of upcoming French elections sending 10-year French-German spreads to a three-year high. The spread peaked out at 72 basis points at around 9 a.m. London time on Wednesday, a level not seen since January 2014. "The more recent widening of this spread is clearly linked to anxieties over the French Presidential elections in April and the appointment of radical-left winger Benoit Hamon two days ago, together with the possible emerging scandal associated with Francois Fillon's wife as paid-secretary, that together makes the establishment parties chances weaker and the presidential race much more open and uncertain that before," Jan Randolph, director of sovereign risk at IHS Markit, told CNBC via email. Recent polls suggested that the center-right candidate Fillon was on track to fight against the far-right leader Marine Le Pen in the second round of the election. But revelations that he had misused public funds have seen Fillon's popularity decline. A new opinion poll, released Wednesday by the newspaper Les Echo, showed that Fillon would not make it to the second round. Furthermore, the socialist party chose last Sunday the most left-leaning candidate it had in the race. The former education minister Hamon defeated the former Prime Minister Manuel Valls. Vincent Juvyns, global market strategist at JPMorgan Asset Management, told CNBC over the phone that Hamon was "really a left winger", adding that recent developments in French politics have made the outcome of the presidential race less clear. Juvyns, who is based in Paris, added that the recent scandals involving Fillon had an impact on his popularity and he is now less and less likely to win the Presidential seat. show chapters Le Pen retains solid support, but unlikely to be victorious: TSL    Monday, 23 Jan 2017 | 1:33 AM ET | 01:32 Le Pen, the leader of the far-right National Front, has also made headlines because she has not paid back EU funds. The European Parliament claimed that Le Pen missed a deadline to repay more than 300,000 euros ($321,000), which she has apparently used to pay an aide in the Paris office. Le Pen has said she has no intentions in paying back the money. The latest Les Echo poll also showed that Le Pen is set to win the first round with between 26 and 27 percent of the votes. "A win for far right Marine le Pen, though still less likely but closer than any time before, certainly would (provoke any new action from the European Central Bank)," Randolph from IHS Markit said. "(Le Pen's victory) would a be nightmare Europe game-changer scenario, much more than Brexit or Trump combined," he added. However, analysts have told CNBC previously that they expect French voters to unite and support the second candidate in the race against Le Pen in the second round of the elections. France is due to hold two auctions Thursday, with 2026 and 2031 maturities, Norbert Wuthe, senior analyst, government bond strategy at BayernLB, told CNBC. "Spreads should have tightened from the level reached at the end of last week," he said. "But with recent developments spread levels have crossed significant resistance levels. But with news/new risks reflected now we see tightening potential vs. Bunds after tomorrow's auctions of about 5 bps." Follow CNBC International on Twitter and Facebook. Silvia AmaroDigital Reporter, CNBC.com To view this site, you need to have JavaScript enabled in your browser, and either the Flash Plugin or an HTML5-Video enabled browser. Download the latest Flash player and try again. Playing Share this video... × Watch Next...
Friday, February 3, 2017 Login Register Subscribe Welcome Guest Account Settings Register Log out Navigation Editors’ Picks Weather Search Airlines, City Hall are setting a crucial flight plan for O'Hare What Trump, and Rauner, could do for Chicago Big gifts of 2016: Who gave what to where The state just made it easier for marketers to sell high-priced heat Local logistics firms could pay the price for scuttled trade deal Cheers for the economy, but now it's harder to find workers for the graveyard shift × Meet the working non-moms Airlines, City Hall are setting a crucial flight plan for O'Hare What Trump, and Rauner, could do for Chicago Big gifts of 2016: Who gave what to where How Exelon may learn to stop worrying and love natural gas The state just made it easier for marketers to sell high-priced heat Local logistics firms could pay the price for scuttled trade deal When doomsday talk isn't hyperbole Cheers for the economy, but now it's harder to find workers for the graveyard shift How are home values doing where you live? × Weather × Search News Economy Education Finance Health Care Law & Professional Services Manufacturing Media & Marketing Retail & Consumer Goods Small Business Sports Technology Transportation Utilities Politics City and County Government Greg Hinz Rich Miller State and Federal Government Opinion & Columnists Editorial Editorial Cartoon Opinion Cahill on Business Ecker on Sports Hinz on Politics Kapos Takes Names Miller on Springfield Pletz on Tech Lifestyle & Dining Architecture & Style Arts & Culture Dining Gadgets & Tech Society & People Travel Wellness & Fitness Real Estate Special Reports All Lists Book of Lists Privately Held Publicly Held Fast 50 40 Under 40 20 in Their 20s Best Places to Work Who's Who Tech 50 Small Business Guide Coolest Offices This Week's Crain's Academy & Events Crain’s Academy Crain’s Events Advertise People on the Move February 01, 2017 By Steve Daniels Fifth Third prunes local branch network again Fifth Third Bank closed seven Chicago-area locations in January, the latest in a string of cost-cutting moves focused on bricks and mortar for one of Chicago's largest retail banks. The Cincinnati-based bank, which was the area's ninth largest bank by deposits as of June 30, said yesterday that it shuttered suburban branches in Fox Lake, Winfield and Calumet Park, as well as both locations in Hoffman Estates. Closed city branches were in the Wrightwood neighborhood on the Far Southwest Side and Logan Square on the North Side. That brought Fifth Third's local footprint (including Northwest Indiana) to 149 branches. Market leader JPMorgan Chase has 370 branches. Less than two years ago, on June 30, 2015, Fifth Third had 172 local branches. Even after the closings, Fifth Third retains the fifth largest network of Chicago-area branches among banks, trailing Chase, BMO Harris Bank, Bank of America and U.S. Bank. A spokesman said Fifth Third closed locations where customers had access to other nearby branches. He said the bank still believes physical locations are crucial to serving customers despite a world in which ordinary bank transactions take place remotely. Numerous banks have steadily pruned their local networks to save costs, particularly as profits have narrowed in an era of unrelentingly low interest rates. With rates now on the rise, some of that profitability pressure is expected to ease. "The bank is a firm believer in the importance of having physical branches in the community, and we're committed to maintaining such a presence," spokesman Andrew Hayes wrote in an email. "And we know that consumer demand continues to want branches." He said 85 percent of consumers open accounts in a branch, and 70 percent of online customers make decisions on which bank to choose based in part on branch proximity. The Chicago closings amounted to seven of 36 locations that Fifth Third shuttered throughout its multistate footprint.... To see the full article, subscribe or log in. Today's Crain's Get our daily roundup of important business news. Company Contact Us Crain’s Chicago Data Center Order Reprints Connect Subscribe to Crain’s Chicago Business Subscribe to Crain’s Free E-Newsletters Attend Crain’s Events Submit to People on the Move Advertise Advertise with Crain’s Crain’s Custom Media Opportunities Classified Advertising Privacy Policy • Terms of Service Copyright © 2017 Crain Communication, Inc.
Home About/Contact US Privacy Policy Staff Daily Email Updates Headlines Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Investing Conduent - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Conduent with our FREE daily email newsletter: Recent Posts Universal Technical Institute Inc (UTI) Issues Earnings Results Deere & Company (DE) Downgraded to Sell at Vetr Inc. Walt Disney Company (The) (DIS) Stock Rating Upgraded by Vetr Inc. Dr Pepper Snapple Group, Inc (DPS) Shares Sold by Picton Mahoney Asset Management Picton Mahoney Asset Management Sells 650 Shares of NextEra Energy, Inc. (NEE) Marco Investment Management LLC Reduces Position in LKQ Corporation (LKQ) TJX Companies, Inc. (The) (TJX) Stake Maintained by Marco Investment Management LLC Novartis AG (NVS) Shares Sold by Laurel Wealth Advisors Inc. Laurel Wealth Advisors Inc. Has $600,000 Stake in OGE Energy Corporation (OGE) Laurel Wealth Advisors Inc. Increases Position in Express Scripts Holding Company (ESRX) Moody’s Corporation (MCO) Position Maintained by Halsey Associates Inc. CT Marco Investment Management LLC Continues to Hold Position in Thermo Fisher Scientific Inc (TMO) Marco Investment Management LLC Has $8,067,000 Position in Stryker Corporation (SYK) Marco Investment Management LLC Has $1,695,000 Stake in Dr Pepper Snapple Group, Inc (DPS) General Mills, Inc. (GIS) Position Held by Arcus Capital Partners LLC Knowles Corporation (KN) Position Increased by Highlander Capital Management LLC Novartis AG (NVS) Stake Lowered by KCM Investment Advisors LLC KCM Investment Advisors LLC Sells 240 Shares of Caterpillar, Inc. (CAT) KCM Investment Advisors LLC Reduces Stake in D/B/A Chubb Limited New (CB) SVB Financial Group (SIVB) Stake Held by KCM Investment Advisors LLC Citigroup Inc. Begins Coverage on Conduent (CNDT) Posted by Abby Graham on Feb 1st, 2017 // No Comments Tweet Citigroup Inc. assumed coverage on shares of Conduent (NASDAQ:CNDT) in a research note issued to investors on Thursday. The brokerage issued a buy rating and a $17.00 price target on the stock. CNDT has been the topic of several other reports. J P Morgan Chase & Co assumed coverage on Conduent in a research report on Tuesday, January 3rd. They set a neutral rating and a $15.00 price target on the stock. Morgan Stanley started coverage on Conduent in a research report on Thursday, January 12th. They set an equal weight rating and a $16.00 price target on the stock. SunTrust Banks, Inc. started coverage on Conduent in a research report on Wednesday, January 4th. They issued a buy rating and a $16.00 price objective on the stock. BMO Capital Markets started coverage on Conduent in a research report on Friday, January 6th. They issued a market perform rating and a $14.00 price objective on the stock. Finally, Cross Research started coverage on Conduent in a research report on Thursday, January 5th. They issued a hold rating on the stock. Four equities research analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and two have issued a buy rating to the company. The company currently has an average rating of Hold and an average price target of $15.60. Conduent (NASDAQ:CNDT) opened at 14.96 on Thursday. The stock’s 50 day moving average price is $14.54 and its 200-day moving average price is $14.54. Conduent has a 12 month low of $13.10 and a 12 month high of $16.26. TRADEMARK VIOLATION NOTICE: This article was first posted by Web Breaking News and is the property of of Web Breaking News. If you are reading this article on another publication, it was illegally copied and republished in violation of U.S. & international copyright laws. The correct version of this article can be accessed at http://www.webbreakingnews.com/2017/02/01/citigroup-inc-begins-coverage-on-conduent-cndt.html. Receive News & Ratings for Conduent Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Conduent and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter. « Previous Western Digital Corporation’s (WDC) “Positive” Rating Reiterated at BTIG Research Next » Deutsche Lufthansa AG (DLAKY) Receives $15.00 Consensus PT from Analysts Latest News Nike Suspends Relationship with Maria Sharapova Rob Bironas Ex-Titans Kicker Dies in Car Crash Ron Washington Leaves Texas Rangers Due to an Affair Jonathan Dwyer Falls in Line with Other Banned NFL Players Tony Stewart Case Going to the Grand Jury Oscar Pistorius “Blade Runner” Found Not Guilty of Murder Leave a Reply Click here to cancel reply. Name (Required) Mail (will not be published) (Required) Website   Home Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Headlines Investing © 2006-2017 Web Breaking News.
Skip to content MilTech pr@satprnews.com HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Main Menu Chargebacks911 and ACI Worldwide Combat £80 billion in Global Chargebacks 1 February 2017Military News DUBLIN–(BUSINESS WIRE)–Chargebacks911™, a Global Risk Technologies company and an internationally-renowned leader for risk mitigation, has today announced a new collaboration with ACI Worldwide (NASDAQ: ACIW), a leading global provider of real-time electronic payment and banking solutions. This alliance will enable more merchants to access the services they need to successfully fight illegitimate chargebacks. Responding to the needs of its dynamic customer base, ACI Worldwide sought to deliver a solution that would more effectively mitigate chargeback risks. Chargebacks911 will assist these merchants as they take a proactive approach to chargeback management. Recent industry trends reveal this is an opportune time for such a collaboration. According to JP Morgan Chase, the frequency of chargeback issuances is growing at an alarming rate of 20 percent annually, compared to transaction growth of just 7 percent in the same time period. According to industry research, fraud causes £80 billion in losses annually – and chargebacks account for most of that. This is a pivotal moment for merchants that have been searching for a truly effective chargeback management solution. Monica Eaton-Cardone, CIO of Global Risk Technologies, parent company of Chargebacks911, said: “We’re extremely pleased to team up with ACI and bring our unrivalled chargeback solutions to its merchants. Merchants worldwide want a tactical approach to revenue recovery; one that achieves sustainable growth. We’re honoured the company has recognised our strength in this area, and we look forward to helping these merchants better manage their chargeback issues.” “We are excited to work alongside Chargebacks911 to offer ACI ReD Shield customers the best tools and capabilities to prevent fraud,” said Jackie Barwell, director of fraud product management, ACI Worldwide. “Merchants today are aiming to be more proactive with chargeback management, no longer accepting chargebacks, but successfully fighting them to protect their bottom line. We’re pleased to expand our merchant offering through this collaboration with a leader in chargeback mitigation.” Chargebacks911 and ACI Worldwide will bolster stability and growth of traditional, more secure consumer payment methods across Europe and the United States, providing ACI Worldwide merchants and their consumers with a sensible, accountable, and standardised solution that can halt the rising tide of card-not-present chargebacks. # # # About Chargebacks911 and Global Risk Technologies Chargebacks911, a subsidiary of Dublin-based Global Risk Technologies, provides a comprehensive and highly scalable enterprise solution for chargeback compliance, risk mitigation, fraud management and merchant sustainability. The company helps decrease the negative impacts of chargebacks, thereby increasing processing retention and revenues to ensure sustainable, secure growth. https://chargebacks911.com/ / http://globalrisktechnologies.com/ About ACI Worldwide ACI Worldwide, the Universal Payments (UP) company, powers electronic payments for more than 5,100 organizations around the world. More than 1,000 of the largest financial institutions and intermediaries as well as thousands of global merchants rely on ACI to execute $14 trillion each day in payments and securities. In addition, myriad organizations utilize our electronic bill presentment and payment services. Through our comprehensive suite of software and SaaS-based solutions, we deliver real-time, immediate payments capabilities and enable the industry’s most complete omni-channel payments experience. To learn more about ACI, please visit www.aciworldwide.com. You can also find us on Twitter @ACI_Worldwide. Posted Under Uncategorized Tagged base Business combat Companies company fight Industry tactical Technology Uncategorized World Post navigation JMD Achieves 20 Percent Productivity Increase With Alfresco Sky’s the Limit: 10 Day Media Recognized as One of the Best Public Relations Firms in Phoenix Search Search for: Partners US Restaurants Copyright © 2017 MilTech. Proudly powered by WordPress. | Theme: Awaken by ThemezHut.
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy   Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Franklin Covey Company - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Franklin Covey Company with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Metro Ag (MEO3) PT Set at €38.00 by equinet AG Berenberg Bank Analysts Give SAP SE (SAP) a €94.00 Price Target adidas AG (ADS) PT Set at €166.00 by Kepler Capital Markets Graco Inc. (GGG) Expected to Earn Q1 2017 Earnings of $0.78 Per Share HCA Holdings, Inc. to Post Q1 2017 Earnings of $1.81 Per Share, KeyCorp Forecasts (HCA) IDEX Corporation (IEX) Expected to Earn Q1 2017 Earnings of $0.93 Per Share Olin Corporation (OLN) Hits New 12-Month High After Strong Earnings ContraVir Pharmaceuticals Inc (CTRV) Given Consensus Rating of “Strong Buy” by Brokerages Cesca Therapeutics Inc. (KOOL) Given Consensus Recommendation of “Hold” by Brokerages Zacks: BGC Partners, Inc. (BGCP) Given $14.00 Average Target Price by Analysts Zacks: Orchid Island Capital, Inc. (ORC) Given Average Rating of “Strong Buy” by Analysts Zacks: AC Immune SA (ACIU) Given $23.00 Consensus Target Price by Analysts Royal Bank Of Canada Downgrades E.On Se (EONGY) to Underperform Pagegroup PLC (MPI) Price Target Raised to GBX 490 Diageo plc (DGE) Receives Buy Rating from HSBC Holdings plc Metro Ag (MEO3) Given a €38.00 Price Target at Oddo Securities Overstock.com, Inc. (OSTK) Major Shareholder Sells $15,228,861.84 in Stock Voya Prime Rate Trust (PPR) Declares Monthly Dividend of $0.03 Hanesbrands Inc. (HBI) Posts Quarterly Earnings Results, Misses Estimates By $0.05 EPS UNITIL Corporation (UTL) Announces Quarterly Earnings Results, Beats Estimates By $0.01 EPS Zacks: Analysts Set $23.75 Target Price for Franklin Covey Company (FC) February 1st, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Stacy Sanders Filed Under: Finance - Zacks Consensus Ratings Tweet Shares of Franklin Covey Company (NYSE:FC) have earned a consensus broker rating score of 2.00 (Buy) from the four brokers that provide coverage for the stock, Zacks Investment Research reports. Two equities research analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and two have given a strong buy rating to the company. Franklin Covey Company’s rating score has declined by 33.3% from 90 days ago as a result of various analysts’ ratings changes. Brokers have set a 1-year consensus price target of $23.75 for the company and are forecasting that the company will post ($0.22) earnings per share for the current quarter, according to Zacks. Zacks has also given Franklin Covey Company an industry rank of 138 out of 265 based on the ratings given to its competitors. Several research analysts have weighed in on the company. TheStreet raised Franklin Covey Company from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating in a research report on Friday, November 11th. Barrington Research lowered Franklin Covey Company from an “outperform” rating to a “market perform” rating in a research report on Wednesday, December 28th. B. Riley reaffirmed a “buy” rating and set a $24.50 price target on shares of Franklin Covey Company in a research report on Monday, January 9th. Sanford C. Bernstein reaffirmed a “market perform” rating on shares of Franklin Covey Company in a research report on Thursday, December 29th. Finally, Zacks Investment Research lowered Franklin Covey Company from a “hold” rating to a “sell” rating in a research report on Monday, November 14th. TRADEMARK VIOLATION NOTICE: “Zacks: Analysts Set $23.75 Target Price for Franklin Covey Company (FC)” was posted by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are viewing this story on another site, it was illegally stolen and republished in violation of US and international trademark & copyright legislation. The legal version of this story can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/02/01/zacks-analysts-set-23-75-target-price-for-franklin-covey-company-fc.html. In related news, Director Joel Clinton Peterson sold 2,688 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Thursday, December 1st. The stock was sold at an average price of $20.81, for a total transaction of $55,937.28. Following the transaction, the director now directly owns 243,421 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $5,065,591.01. The transaction was disclosed in a legal filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which can be accessed through this hyperlink. Insiders have sold a total of 10,752 shares of company stock worth $213,562 over the last three months. 33.50% of the stock is owned by insiders. Hedge funds have recently added to or reduced their stakes in the stock. California State Teachers Retirement System increased its stake in Franklin Covey Company by 0.5% in the third quarter. California State Teachers Retirement System now owns 21,674 shares of the company’s stock worth $386,000 after buying an additional 100 shares during the last quarter. BlackRock Advisors LLC increased its stake in Franklin Covey Company by 12.1% in the third quarter. BlackRock Advisors LLC now owns 6,540 shares of the company’s stock worth $116,000 after buying an additional 704 shares during the last quarter. Schwab Charles Investment Management Inc. increased its stake in Franklin Covey Company by 1.8% in the second quarter. Schwab Charles Investment Management Inc. now owns 39,694 shares of the company’s stock worth $609,000 after buying an additional 714 shares during the last quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. increased its stake in Franklin Covey Company by 2.8% in the second quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 47,425 shares of the company’s stock worth $727,000 after buying an additional 1,271 shares during the last quarter. Finally, Rice Hall James & Associates LLC increased its stake in Franklin Covey Company by 1.1% in the second quarter. Rice Hall James & Associates LLC now owns 149,011 shares of the company’s stock worth $2,284,000 after buying an additional 1,616 shares during the last quarter. Institutional investors and hedge funds own 56.89% of the company’s stock. Franklin Covey Company (NYSE:FC) opened at 17.50 on Wednesday. Franklin Covey Company has a 12-month low of $13.45 and a 12-month high of $22.45. The stock has a market capitalization of $241.52 million, a P/E ratio of 111.46 and a beta of 0.88. The firm’s 50-day moving average is $19.25 and its 200 day moving average is $18.09. Franklin Covey Company (NYSE:FC) last announced its earnings results on Thursday, January 5th. The company reported ($0.29) earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, missing the Zacks’ consensus estimate of ($0.17) by $0.12. Franklin Covey Company had a net margin of 1.17% and a return on equity of 2.46%. The firm earned $39.80 million during the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $43.48 million. During the same period in the prior year, the business posted $0.05 EPS. The firm’s quarterly revenue was down 11.9% compared to the same quarter last year. Equities research analysts anticipate that Franklin Covey Company will post ($0.15) earnings per share for the current year. About Franklin Covey Company Franklin Covey Co is a global company specializing in performance improvement. The Company’s segments are Direct Offices, Strategic Markets, Education practice and International Licensees. The Direct Offices segment consists of its geographic sales offices that serve the United States and Canada, its international sales offices located in Japan, the United Kingdom and Australia, and its public programs group. Get a free copy of the Zacks research report on Franklin Covey Company (FC) For more information about research offerings from Zacks Investment Research, visit Zacks.com Receive News & Ratings for Franklin Covey Company Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Franklin Covey Company and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Trump Cancels Harley-Davidson Trip Due to Possible Protests White House Appears to Pull Back on Part of Policy on Vetting President Trump’s Labor Secretary Choice Outsourced Jobs President Trump Agenda: Border Wall and Sanctuary Cities White House Says President Trump Will Not Release His Tax Returns © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Breaking News GE, Boeing, Oracle form coalition to support Republican border tax U.S. warns North Korea of 'overwhelming' response if nuclear arms used U.S. job growth seen accelerating in January, wages strong Lawsuit claims Trump travel ban discriminates against Muslims U.S. to issue new Iran sanctions, opening shot in get-tough strategy: sources Snap shoots for the sky, promises little in $3 billion IPO pitch Australian leader faces long-term risk after 'Donald Thump' call on refugees Trump names former 'black site' prison operator CIA deputy chief Japan readies package for Trump to help create 700,000 U.S. jobs Uber CEO quits Trump's business advisory group Fri 3 Feb 2017 - 6 Jumada I 1438 Editor-in-Chief Abdullah Al Shueili Home Head stories Local International Analysis Business Sports Features Magazines Weekend National Day 45 Mazoon Duqm The Vision Oman Logistics Aqar Oman Opal Magazine More Main My Voice Blogs Weekend Health Environment Technology Culture Saturday Entertainment Editor’s choice Gourmet Cartoon Ask your doctor Books Lifestyle People Spotlight WILDLIFE Auto Videos Observer Archive 2016 2015 Home → Business → Asian shares rattled by Trump policy worries, dollar Asian shares rattled by Trump policy worries, dollar Tuesday 31st, January 2017 / 19:03 Written by Oman Observer in Business TOKYO: Asian shares slipped on Tuesday as stringent curbs on travel to the United States ordered by President Donald Trump brought home to investors that he is serious about carrying out his controversial campaign pledges. Global stocks posted their biggest loss in six weeks on Monday after Trump signed an executive order to bar Syrian refugees indefinitely and suspend travel to the United States from seven Muslim-majority countries, sparking widespread protests. European bourse are expected to remain fragile after big losses on Monday, with spread-betters seeing opening losses of as much as 0.1 per cent in major indexes, including Britain’s FTSE Germany’s DAX and France’s CAC. “Investors are becoming worried as it appears as if he was setting fire to geopolitical risks that already exist,” said Yoshinori Shigemi, Global Market Strategist at JPMorgan Asset Management. Trump’s move drew criticism from some US policymakers, and business leaders, with technology companies, which depend on talent from around the world, planning to discuss a legal challenge. “His stance is really inward-looking, making investors nervous about his ‘moderateness’,” said Masahiro Ichikawa, Senior Strategist at Sumitomo Mitsui Asset Management. MSCI’s broadest index of Asia-Pacific shares outside Japan fell 0.5 per cent while Japan’s Nikkei dropped 1.7 per cent, its biggest fall in almost three months. On Monday, the US S&P 500 Index fell 0.6 per cent, its biggest fall in a month, though it remained well above levels seen before the November 8 presidential election. MSCI’s gauge of the world’s 46 stock markets shed 0.6 per cent, its largest loss in a month and a half. The mood soured further when Trump fired the federal government’s top lawyer after she took the extraordinarily rare step of defying the White House. US stock futures shed 0.3 per cent on Tuesday and the dollar extended losses against the yen. Still, most share prices were up on the month, supported by signs of accelerating momentum in the global economy and hopes of large fiscal stimulus from Trump. MSCI’s ex-Japan Asian shares index was up 5.7 per cent this month while its index of world markets was up 2.5 per cent. They were also higher than their levels before the US elections. In the currency market, the dollar was broadly weak and fell 0.3 per cent against the yen to 113.49 yen. It was down 3.1 per cent so far this month, after three straight months of sizable gains. The Japanese currency showed no reaction after the Bank of Japan kept its policy on hold, as expected. A string of recent data has suggested the economy is slowly regaining traction. The euro edged up to $1.0710, consolidating after its rebound this month from its 14-year low of $1.0340 set on Jan 3. In a possible sign of increased anxiety among investors, the safe-haven Swiss franc strengthened to a seven-month high of 1.0637 franc per euro on Monday. Worries are also growing about a political shift to populist leaders in Europe. French bond yields rose to the highest level since September 2015, on rising uncertainty over the Presidential election later this year. Conservative leader Francois Fillon, seen as the front-runner, is now battling to contain a scandal over allegedly unlawful payments to his wife while the Socialists on Sunday picked a hard-left candidate, possibly helping popular far-right leader Marine Le Pen. Italian debt yields climbed to 1 1/2-year highs partly as early elections could be called following a ruling from the country’s constitutional court last week. Italian assets have also been hit by worries over its banking sector after UniCredit, the country’s biggest bank, revealed on Monday it expects to book a net loss of around 11.8 billion euros ($12.6 billion) for 2016 and fall short of European Central Bank capital requirements. By contrast, the yield on German debt fell on Monday even as data showed inflation in Germany hit a 3 1/2-year high in January. News that Germany posted a national inflation rate of 1.9 per cent stoked talk of an unwinding of monetary stimulus by the ECB, even though the inflation outcome was below expectations. Elevated uncertainty about Trump’s policies, including a lack of detail so far on his plans for tax cuts and fiscal spending, offset optimism on the US economy. Data on Monday showed US consumer spending accelerated in December while inflation showed some signs of picking up last month. The core PCE price index, the Federal Reserve’s preferred inflation measure, rose 1.7 per cent on a year-on-year basis after a similar gain in November. “We’ve seen a jump in US economic sentiment after Trump’s victory. But the improvement in hard economic data remains moderate,” said Haruka Kazama, Senior Economist at Mizuho Research Institute. “And if Trump takes more steps to limit permits for immigrants, that would surely boost inflation as the US is now near a full employment,” she added. — Reuters About the author View all articles by Oman Observer ← Deutsche Bank fined $630m over money laundering CMA deregisters audit firm, tells others to adjust situation → ← Previous Next → Search Recent Posts Recent Oman, Russia cement ties Britain lays out Brexit blueprint Tough phone calls needed: Trump Read More ... Facebook Twitter about 1 hour agoRT @observersportz: New #OmanOlympicCommittee board takes charge, calls to to standardise #Sultanate’s sports system @OmanOlympics @mosa_go… about 1 hour agoRT @observersportz: Whistleblower doubts #Russian attitude changed /t.co/6zj6CO2fJ2 @YuliaStepanova /t.co/zQKt0om9Tr about 1 hour agoRT @observersportz: #Olympic champs #Centrowitz, #Stefanidi win in #Boston /t.co/5RbsMPC1p1 /t.co/wxlyoxJfGY Home Archives Sitemap Contact Us LATEST NEWS Editor’s choice Gourmet Entertainment 2016 © All right reserved for Oman Establishment for Press, Publication and Advertising (OEPPA)
Latest News Dow 19,885 -6.03 -0.03% Nasdaq 5,636 -6.45 -0.11% S&P 500 2,281 +1.30 +0.06% 4:26 A.M. ET Mitsubishi UFJ profit slips, hit by negative rates 4:23 A.M. ET Banco Popular shares tumble 5% after reporting massive loss 4:19 A.M. ET Updated FTSE 100 moves higher as bank shares rise on Dodd-Frank hopes 4:02 A.M. ET Eurozone final services PMI at 53.7 in January vs. 53.6 flash reading 2/02 Updated California leads states’ fight to break Trump’s authoritarian wave 3:37 A.M. ET Updated Asian markets close mixed as Trump jitters persist 3:07 A.M. ET Banco Popular drops 8% after wider-than-expected yearly loss of €5.3 bln 3:04 A.M. ET Stoxx Europe 600 up 0.5% in early trade 3:03 A.M. ET Carlos Slim's América Móvil swings to loss 3:03 A.M. ET Germany's DAX opens 0.1% higher at 11,642.77 3:02 A.M. ET Germany takes U.K.'s commercial real-estate crown 3:02 A.M. ET France's CAC 40 opens 0.3% higher at 18,312.09 3:02 A.M. ET U.K.'s FTSE 100 opens 0.1% lower at 7,136.97 3:01 A.M. ET Stoxx Europe 600 opens 0.2% higher at 362.59 2:41 A.M. ET Updated Brexit bill clears key hurdle in parliament— what happens next? 2:16 A.M. ET Updated Metro profit rises despite weak holiday sales 2:11 A.M. ET Updated Trump administration plans to scale back Dodd-Frank law 2:01 A.M. ET China tightens monetary policy via repo-rates rise 1:44 A.M. ET Sharp records first quarterly profit in 2 years 1:43 A.M. ET Updated Global gold investment demand for 2016 hit highest level in 4 years: report Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement Retire Here, Not There Encore Taxes How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate Location Scouts realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Bulletin Snap Inc. files for an initial public offering Home Personal Finance The one scenario where it could make sense to pay your taxes on a credit card By Maria LaMagna Published: Jan 31, 2017 1:32 p.m. ET Share Paying taxes by credit card can be a smart move Getty Images By MariaLaMagna Reporter In recent months, credit card companies have offered some of the most generous rewards points offers ever, from Chase’s popular Sapphire Reserve card to the new Amazon AMZN, +0.91%   Prime Rewards Visa Signature card. For people amassing points from these kinds of offers, does it make sense to put their tax bill on a card? In a few circumstances, this option actually would let you come out ahead. If you want to take advantage, this is what you should know about using a credit card to pay your taxes: The pros The Internal Revenue Service uses third-party processors for taxes paid on credit cards. There are several credit cards, including Chase Freedom Unlimited, American Express EveryDay Preferred, the Discover it Miles, the Starwood Preferred Guest from American Express and the Barclaycard Arrival Plus World Elite MasterCard that offer lucrative rewards, that end up being worth more than the processing fee consumers would pay, according to calculations from The Points Guy, a website that helps consumers take advantage of rewards programs. (The third-party processing websites charge a flat fee and 1.87% or more for the transaction.) For example, on the American Express Everyday Preferred Card, consumers receive one Membership Rewards point per dollar spent, plus a 50% points bonus when the card is used more than 30 times during a statement cycle. The Points Guy’s credit-card rewards advice site has found that Membership Rewards points are worth 1.9 cents each. As a result, with the 50% bonus, consumers would get a value of 2.85 cents per dollar. If those cardholders are only paying a 1.87% processing fee to pay taxes (the rate the cheapest processor charges), they would get a net return of 0.98 cents per dollar. Even cards that offer 2% cash back per dollar would offer the small return of 0.13%, The Points Guy’s guide points out as well. Don’t miss: What to do if you can’t pay your taxes Another possible benefit: Paying taxes on a credit card may help consumers meet minimum spending requirements in order to get a sign-up bonus. If the cardholder has a choice between paying taxes on the card or not receiving a sign-up bonus with a minimum spending requirement, it may be worth it to use the tax-paying services the IRS uses; although they charge just under a 2% fee, generous sign-up bonuses may offset that cost, according to these calculations. For example, the Chase Sapphire Reserve card requires you to charge $4,000 or more in the first three months to receive the 100,000 rewards points. And those points can be redeemed for $1,500 worth of travel, based on the card’s rules. (Chase recently cut that sign-up bonus to 50,000 for new cardholders who apply online, but the 100,000 bonus is available at bank branches until March 12.) Check with your bank or credit-card company to be sure what purchases count toward a sign-up bonus; there’s a chance paying taxes would not count toward the minimum spend, since some cards do not count purchases of “cash equivalents,” such as traveler’s checks, The Points Guy’s article noted. Taxes may or may not count as a “cash equivalent” for each credit card company. The cons Cardholders should really only pay taxes by card if they can do it responsibly. Consider talking to your tax preparer before going through with the transaction, particularly if you are a consumer who might benefit from taking advantage of the IRS’s payment plans instead. If a consumer is unable to pay the taxes on time, and has a high-interest credit card, putting a tax charge on the credit card could be a costly mistake. “It’s best to use another form of payment unless you avoid interest charges by always paying your statement balance in full and on time,” according to The Points Guy’s guide. “If you expect to incur interest charges, then you should be using a card with the lowest possible interest rate and/or a promotional financing offer.” Plus, there are other ways of meeting credit cards’ spending requirements in order to get sign-up bonuses that still don’t require frivolous spending. Buying household items that can be used later throughout the year is one good way of doing so, since those are purchases a consumer would be making anyway. And if consumers use a third-party processing company that charges more than a 1.87% fee, paying by card could still cost them, despite the credit card rewards. “You have to know your own credit card history, your difficulties and any debt problems you may have,” said Jackie Perlman, the principal tax research analyst at tax-preparing company H&R Block’s Tax Institute. “Putting the balance on a credit card may be adding to all that.” See also ‘The Big Short’ author Michael Lewis says this is where you should put your money Here’s exactly what you should say when a potential employer asks about your salary It’s not about the awards: What we can learn from Bob Dylan and his Nobel Prize Quote References AMZN +7.60 +0.91% Most Popular Why the oil market shrugs at Trump’s warning to Iran Snap IPO: Six things we now know about Snapchat parent company Elon Musk distances himself from Donald Trump The path won’t be straight, but gold’s bullish trajectory is set As GoPro drowns, is it begging for Apple to save it? Mortgage Rates Powered by This advertisement is provided by Bankrate, which compiles rate data from more than 4,800 financial institutions. Bankrate is paid by financial institutions whenever users click on display advertisements or on rate table listings enhanced with features like logos, navigation links, and toll free numbers. Dow Jones receives a share of these revenues when users click on a paid placement. Other NewsFrom Our Partners Do You Have the Wrong Financial Advisor? SmartAsset.com Compare Financial Advisors in Your Neighborhood SmartAsset.com Mistakes People Make When Choosing a Financial Advisor SmartAsset.com Exclusive Travel Rewards from Luxury Card SmartAsset.com 1.12% APY - $10,000 Min. Deposit SmartAsset.com Data Provided By Today's Interest Rates Mortgage Equity Savings Auto Credit Cards 30 yr fixed Jumbo 4.48% 30 yr fixed 4.08% 15 yr fixed 3.23% 10 yr fixed 3.1% 30 yr fixed refi 4.11% 15 yr fixed refi 3.25% 5/1 ARM 3.26% 5/1 ARM refi 3.33% National averages from Bankrate.com $30K HELOC 4.64% $50K HELOC 4.63% $75K HELOC 4.63% $100K HELOC 4.33% $30K Home Equity Loan 4.7% $50K Home Equity Loan 4.26% $75K Home Equity Loan 4.23% $100K Home Equity Loan 4.12% National averages from Bankrate.com 5 yr CD 1.22% 2 yr CD 0.76% 1 yr CD 0.59% MMA $10K+ 0.25% MMA $50K+ 0.37% MMA Savings 0.31% MMA Savings Jumbo 0.39% National averages from Bankrate.com 60 Mo Used Car 3.19% 48 Mo Used Car 3.18% 36 Mo Used Car 3.4% 72 Mo New Car 3.48% 60 Mo New Car 3.24% 48 Mo New Car 3.15% 60 Mo Auto Refi 2.84% 36 Mo Auto Refi 2.6% National averages from Bankrate.com Avg. APR Last Week 6 Months Low Interest 12.24% 12.22% 11.98% Business 13.41% 13.41% 13.12% Student 13.67% 13.67% 13.42% Balance Transfer 14.68% 14.67% 14.38% Airline 15.40% 15.40% 15.08% Reward 15.50% 15.48% 15.29% Cash Back 15.60% 15.57% 15.32% Instant Approval 18.07% 18.03% 18.04% Bad Credit 23.01% 22.98% 22.56% Source: CreditCards.com Maria LaMagna Maria LaMagna covers personal finance for MarketWatch in New York. MarketWatch Partner Center Maria LaMagna Maria LaMagna covers personal finance for MarketWatch in New York. We Want to Hear from You Join the conversation Comment Luxury Real Estate Ivanka Trump, Jared Kushner reportedly buy $5.6 million house in D.C. View More Barron's Next Why a deal for Kate Spade looks almost inevitable View More Real Estate The surprising cities where you’ll find America’s newest and oldest homes View More SectorWatch Here's what Trump means for health care View More Sponsored Headlines MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News Online WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2017 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. Intraday data delayed per exchange requirements. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real time last sale data provided by NASDAQ. More information on NASDAQ traded symbols and their current financial status. Intraday data delayed 15 minutes for Nasdaq, and 20 minutes for other exchanges. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. SEHK intraday data is provided by SIX Financial Information and is at least 60-minutes delayed. All quotes are in local exchange time. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found Amazon.com Inc. U.S.: Nasdaq: AMZN $839.95 +7.60 (+0.91%) Volume 5.6M Open $836.59 High $842.49 Low $828.26 P/E Ratio 192.46 Div Yield 0 Market Cap 395.5B LatestNews
Skip to content MilTech pr@satprnews.com HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Main Menu Taylor Morrison Home Corporation Announces Pricing of Public Offering of Common Stock 1 February 2017Military News SCOTTSDALE, Ariz., Jan. 31, 2017 /PRNewswire/ — Taylor Morrison Home Corporation („Taylor Morrison”) (NYSE: TMHC), today announced the pricing of the previously announced underwritten public offering of 10,000,000 shares of its Class A common stock at a public offering price of $19.00 per share.  In connection with the proposed public offering, Taylor Morrison granted the underwriters an option to purchase up to 1,500,000 additional shares of Class A common stock. Taylor Morrison intends to use all of the net proceeds that it receives from the offering to purchase partnership units in its direct subsidiary – TMM Holdings II Limited Partnership – along with shares of Taylor Morrison’s Class B common stock, held by its current equity sponsors that are affiliates of and funds managed by TPG Global LLC, Oaktree Capital Management, L.P. and JH Investments Inc.  The aggregate number of partnership units and corresponding shares of Class B common stock purchased by Taylor Morrison will be equal to the number of shares of Class A common stock sold in the offering. J.P. Morgan Securities LLC, Citigroup and Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC are acting as joint book-running managers for the proposed public offering. Deutsche Bank Securities, BofA Merrill Lynch, Goldman, Sachs & Co., Wells Fargo Securities, LLC and Zelman Partners LLC are acting as joint lead managers and HSBC Securities (USA) Inc., TPG Capital BD, LLC and Comerica Securities, Inc. are acting as co-managers.  An effective shelf registration statement relating to such shares of Class A common stock has been filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission („SEC”). A copy of the preliminary prospectus supplement relating to the offering has been filed with the SEC and may be obtained from the website of the SEC at www.sec.gov, or from J.P. Morgan Securities LLC, c/o Broadridge Financial Solutions, 1155 Long Island Avenue, Edgewater, NY 11717, telephone: 866-803-9204; Citigroup, c/o Broadridge Financial Solutions, 1155 Long Island Avenue, Edgewood, NY 11717, telephone: 800-831-9146; or Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC, Prospectus Department, at One Madison Avenue, New York, New York 10010, telephone: 800-221-1037. This press release shall not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy, nor shall there be any sale of these securities in any state or jurisdiction in which such offer, solicitation or sale would be unlawful prior to registration or qualification under the securities laws of any such state or jurisdiction. The offering may only be made by means of a prospectus supplement and related prospectus. Forward-Looking Statements This press release contains forward-looking statements. You should not place undue reliance on those statements because they are subject to numerous uncertainties and factors relating to the public offering described above, Taylor Morrison’s operations and business environment, market conditions and other factors, all of which are difficult to predict and many of which are beyond Taylor Morrison’s control. About Taylor Morrison Home Corporation: Taylor Morrison Home Corporation (NYSE: TMHC) is a leading national homebuilder and developer that has been recognized as the 2016 and 2017 America’s Most Trusted® Home Builder by Lifestory Research. Based in Scottsdale, Arizona we operate under two well-established brands, Taylor Morrison and Darling Homes. We serve a wide array of consumer groups from coast to coast, including first-time, move-up, luxury, and 55 plus buyers. In Texas, Darling Homes builds communities with a focus on individuality and custom detail while delivering on the Taylor Morrison standard of excellence.   SOURCE Taylor Morrison Posted Under Uncategorized Tagged Books Business commission Environment Home and Garden Markets Stock Offering Post navigation Essential Energy Services Announces 2017 Capital Budget South Texans Against the Refinery (STAR): se creó una coalición para rechazar la propuesta de refinería de Raven Petroleum Search Search for: Partners US Restaurants Copyright © 2017 MilTech. Proudly powered by WordPress. | Theme: Awaken by ThemezHut.
24/7 Wall St. - Insightful Analysis and Commentary for U.S. and Global Equity Investors Search this site Business Aerospace & Defense Autos Banking & Finance Commodities & Metals Consumer Products Energy Healthcare Industrials Infrastructure Media Retail Services Technology Apps & Software Consumer Electronics Telecom & Wireless Apple Inc. Facebook Google Investing Analyst Upgrades Bankruptcy Buffett Corporate Governance Corporate Performance Dividends and Buybacks Earnings ETFs and Mutual Funds International Markets IPOs and Secondaries Mergers and Acquisitions Personal Finance Rumors Value Investing Economy Energy Government Regulation Healthcare Housing Jobs Special Report Brands and Products Cities Countries States Why Analysts Are Chasing Momenta Pharmaceuticals Even Higher By Chris Lange January 31, 2017 1:05 pm EST Print Email Tweet Shares of Momenta Pharmaceuticals Inc. (NASDAQ: MNTA) made a huge gain on Tuesday after the company reported a key legal decision in its favor. Essentially, the U.S. District Court for the District of Delaware found each of the Teva Pharmaceutical Industries Ltd. (NYSE: TEVA) patents numbers 8,232,250, 8,399,413, 8,969,302 and 9,155,776 invalid as obvious over the prior art. With the court invalidating Teva’s fourth method of use patents, Momenta is more apt to provide multiple sclerosis patients with a more affordable generic version of Copaxone following regulatory approval. After this news, Momenta shares hit a new multiyear high in Tuesday’s session, one not been seen since mid-2015. As a result of this incredible development in the courts and the new high, a few analysts took this opportunity to weigh in on Momenta: Barclays has an Overweight rating and raised the price target to $20 from $19. Goldman Sachs has a Neutral rating and raised its target to $16 from $14. JPMorgan raised its price target to $20 from $18. Leerink has an Outperform rating and raised the price target from $19 to $20. Stifel raised its price target to $30 from $20. However, a couple of analysts actually defended Teva despite its shares falling. Merrill Lynch and Credit Suisse came to the aid of Teva, both seeing high value at the firm for long-term investors who are willing to look past the near term. Merrill Lynch’s Sumant Kulkarni and Steve Chen upgraded the company to a Buy rating from Neutral with a price objective of $42. One point the analysts made was that the risk versus reward is actually now more favorable, but they admit that investors are going to need some patience. The plus side is that the patent loss actually removes some of the uncertainty around Teva, and the drug pipeline should help investors. Credit Suisse reiterated its Outperform rating and has a $41 price target. Teva’s loss of Copaxone 40mg/mL patents is another step toward likely generic competition. Credit Suisse’s Vamil Divan already conservatively assumes 2017 generic competition in the base case for Teva, so the firm is not changing estimates. Divan noted that there are still several steps still to go. The report said: We spoke to Teva and expect them to appeal tonight’s decision, while also requesting a preliminary injunction preventing the launch of any generic version until the legal process around all of the outstanding patents has been completed. In addition to the four patents included in this decision, Teva has also filed suit against the potential competitors on a 5th and 6th patent, with court cases expected in the 2018 timeframe. The IPR appeals process is also ongoing, with a decision expected in late 2017/early 2018. Finally, beyond the legal decisions, the competitors all still need to obtain FDA approval prior to being able to launch. Shares of Momenta were trading up 22% at $18.45 on Tuesday, with a consensus analyst price target of $15.10 and a 52-week trading range of $7.86 to $18.50. Teva was down 3% to $33.46, in a 52-week range is $32.11 to $62.31. The consensus price target is $44.70. I'm interested in the Newsletter Get Newsletter terms and conditions   By Chris Lange « Did China Trade Deficit Kill 3.4 Million American Jobs? US Crude Production Up 100,000 Barrels a Day in November » Read more: Investing, Analyst Upgrades, healthcare, pharmaceuticals, Momenta Pharmaceuticals (NASDAQ:MNTA), Teva Pharmaceutical Industries (NYSE:TEVA) Free Daily Newsletter Subscribe Terms & Conditions Sponsors Popular 50 Least Powerful People in the World America's 15 Fastest Growing Companies The Best and Worst States to Grow Old 7 Dirt Cheap S&P 500 Value Stocks for Massive Upside Potential for 2017 and 2018 States With the Highest (and Lowest) Property Taxes Recent Snapchat’s IPO Filing View: Losses Galore and No Shareholder Voting Rights Why FireEye Shares Are at All-Time Lows After Earnings (Hint: It’s Ugly) Why Amgen Earnings Are So Incredible Why Visa Won Big on Q1 Earnings Get Quote for: Symbol Lookup Search 3 Things to Watch When Activision Blizzard Reports Earnings GoPro Drops on a Mixed Holiday Quarter, Disappointing Guidance 4 Reasons To Avoid Under Armour Inc. Stock Banco Popular drops 8% after wider-than-expected yearly loss of €5.3 bln Stoxx Europe 600 up 0.5% in early trade Germany's DAX opens 0.1% higher at 11,642.77 Ralph Lauren (RL) Stock Falls as CEO Announces Leave FireEye Stock Slumps After Q4 Earnings Report Bartosiak: Trading Mallinckrodt's (MNK) Earnings with Options U.S. job growth seen accelerating in January, wages strong Asian stocks tumble most in two weeks after China tightens policy U.S. reversal on transparency could sting Canadian, European oil companies Hong Kong Shares Fall For 4th Session on China Policy Surprise Uber CEO backs out of joining Trump's business council Job Growth Seen Picking Up Speed in January How The Fast-Food Chain Led By Trump's Labor Nominee Stiffed Workers Again And Again Disney CEO Will Miss Meeting With Trump Amid Backlash Over Travel Bans Snap Makes $3 Billion IPO Details Public Home About Us Disclaimer and Terms of Use Privacy Policy Contact Us Advertise AOL-HuffPost Money & Finance ©2017 24/7 Wall St. | Powered by WordPress.com VIP
HOME EDITION News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance CNBC Explains Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Recode Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows Watch Live CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Full Episodes More Log In | Register Log Out News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Consumer Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Halftime Portfolio Squawk Box Portfolio Take a Tour Subscribe Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance CNBC Explains Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Recode Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Special Reports Global Investing Hot Spots TD Ameritrade Conference Trader Talk ETF Strategist CNBC Fed Survey Modern Medicine Future Opportunities Retail Report Original Series Executive Edge Trading Nation Futures Now Retire Well The Pulse @ 1 Market The Bottom Line CNBC Events Davos Delivering Alpha eMerge Americas iCONIC Conference Cambridge Cyber Summit Sohn Conference Follow CNBC EDITION Register Log In Profile Email Preferences PRO Sign Out Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Halftime Portfolio Squawk Box Portfolio Take a Tour Subscribe LIVE TV Watch CNBC TV Watch CNBC Pro Watchlist X × × × The Fed Economy World Economy US Economy The Fed Central Banks Jobs GDP outlook The Federal Reserve has squandered an opportunity, former Dallas Fed advisor says Michelle Fox | @MFoxCNBC Wednesday, 1 Feb 2017 | 4:33 PM ETCNBC.com SHARES show chapters Fed rate hike coming in March?    Wednesday, 1 Feb 2017 | 2:02 PM ET | 05:39 If the Federal Reserve wants to hike rates three times this year, as it has said it wants to do, it needs to get moving soon, a former advisor to the Dallas Federal Reserve told CNBC on Wednesday. In fact, she believes the central bank should have been stronger in its statement on Wednesday to prepare investors for a possible increase during its next meeting in March. "In order for them to really move the needle on expectations for March, Janet Yellen herself is going to have to come out in the next few weeks and be much, much more hawkish," Danielle DiMartino Booth said in an interview with "Power Lunch." "I think they squandered this opportunity." Tom Williams | CQ Roll Call | Getty Images Janet Yellen At the conclusion of its two-day meeting on Wednesday, the Federal Open Market Committee said it is not raising rates, but noted that optimism is growing among the business community and consumers. It also said it expected inflation to rise to 2 percent. To Scott Minerd, global chief investment officer at Guggenheim Partners, the Fed telegraphed on Wednesday that it is not expecting to move in March. And the longer the Fed delays those hikes, the more trouble there may be in the bond market, he told "Power Lunch." "They're setting themselves up that when they start to talk about things like reducing the size of the balance sheet, I don't think the market is ready to absorb a reduction in reinvestments, because at the same time we're taking about a reduction of reinvestments we're talking about an increase in fiscal stimulus, which is going to increase deficits," he said. "So all of a sudden we're going to have a change in supply in the yield curve and I don't think the market is pricing for that right now." David Kelly, chief global strategist at JPMorgan Funds, has a different take on the Fed's statement. He thinks the deliberate mention of higher inflationary pressure means the central bank is raising expectations of a March hike. "What they don't want to do is go into the March meeting with nobody expecting a rate hike and then having to battle expectations," he told "Power Lunch." He anticipates an increase at every meeting where a press conference follows, unless there is a crisis. However, Booth said that doesn't give them much time. "They've already said that they want three rate hikes in 2017. They're going to have to get going because they'll only hike rates when there is a press conference, which only gives them four opportunities," she said. — CNBC's Jeff Cox contributed to this report. show chapters Fed is years behind the curve: Former Fed Gov    Wednesday, 1 Feb 2017 | 5:30 PM ET | 01:31 Michelle FoxProducer To view this site, you need to have JavaScript enabled in your browser, and either the Flash Plugin or an HTML5-Video enabled browser. Download the latest Flash player and try again. Playing Share this video... × Watch Next...
Next: up in PhillyDeals: Blockchain: 'A novel solution to the problem of trust' beyond Bitcoin News Sports Business Health Entertainment Food Opinion Real Estate Obits Search icon | SectionsClose Search Search Search Search icon News Breaking Pennsylvania New Jersey Politics Education Special Reports Sports Eagles Phillies Flyers Sixers Union College High School Entertainment Celebs & Gossip The Arts Things to Do Puzzles Comics Business Cars Jobs Pharma Philly Deals Real Estate Small Business The Street Health Kids' Health Running Nutrition Sports Medicine Food Clean Plates Craig LaBan The Insider Opinion Blogs Columnists Letters Lifestyle Home & Design Sex & Dating Style Travel Marketplace Find a Home Job Listings Print Offers Online All Classifieds People Births Celebrations Engagements Obituaries Death Notices Your Day Event Calendar PMN Events Horoscope Lottery Weather Newsletters Advertise Contact Us Permissions Reprints Powered By Inquirer logo Subscribe Daily News logo Subscribe business — PhillyDeals High-profit Philly investor plans $200M IPO Updated: February 2, 2017 — 9:08 AM EST Facebook icon 1Share Twitter icon Tweet Tumblr icon Tumblr Mail icon Email Comment icon 0 Comment Popular Stories Vanguard apologizes to 17K millionaires Feb 2 - 10:30 PM Chip Kelly in limbo, Day 33: the latest speculation Feb 2 - 11:20 AM by Joseph N. DiStefano , Staff Writer Twitter icon @PhillyJoeD | Mail icon JoeD@phillynews.com Close icon Mail icon Email Twitter icon @PhillyJoeD     Joseph N. DiStefano Staff Writer Joseph N. DiStefano writes about Philadelphia-area enterprise, and the people and money that make it go.  More by Joseph N. DiStefano Philly watchdog pushes for Pa. minority-contracting reform (Update) Feb 2 Vanguard apologizes to 17,000 millionaires Feb 2 CBS Radio, born in Philly 90 years ago, will now be based here Feb 2 More from Joseph N. DiStefano Arrow icon Hamilton Lane Inc., a Bala Cynwyd-based investment-advisory firm that claims major U.S. pension funds among its clients, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission today to raise $200 million by selling shares in an intial public stock offering (IPO) on the Nasdaq stock echange, under the symbol HLNE. Read more here. Hamilton Lane, which employs 280, including 90 investment professionals, in 11 U.S. offices and foreign posts (corrected), manages $40 billion in investment assets, and advises clients on another $274 billion. (By comparison, BlackRock, the largest U.S. money manager, handles around $5 trillion.)  Advising pension funds and other big investors is a highly profitable business: The firm keeps almost 50 cents of every $1 it collects in customer fees -- after paying all taxes and other expenses. Hamilton Lane says it earned $71 million in after-tax profits last year, on sales of $155 million. That's up from $67 million, on sales of $140 million, in 2014. The firm told the SEC it plans to use public shareholders' cash to buy out some of its private owners and "for general corporate purposes." Underwriters are led by investment bankers at JPMorgan and Morgan Stanley, and also include others at Goldman Sachs, Keefe Bruyette & Woods and Wells Fargo Securities.  According to the sale prospectus, Hamilton Lane's top-paid employees include CEO Mario L. Giannini, who collected cash, stock, bonus and investment profits ("carried interest") worth $5.6 million last year; vice chairman Eric Hirsch, who collected $6.1 million; and chairman Hartley R. Rogers, $3.6 million.  Published: February 1, 2017 — 3:15 PM EST | Updated: February 2, 2017 — 9:08 AM EST The Philadelphia Inquirer We encourage respectful comments but reserve the right to delete anything that doesn't contribute to an engaging dialogue Help us moderate this thread by flagging comments that violate our guidelines Commenting policy | Comments FAQ Comment policy: Philly.com comments are intended to be civil, friendly conversations. Please treat other participants with respect and in a way that you would want to be treated. You are responsible for what you say. And please, stay on topic. If you see an objectionable post, please report it to us using the "Report Abuse" option. Please note that comments are monitored by Philly.com staff. We reserve the right at all times to remove any information or materials that are unlawful, threatening, abusive, libelous, defamatory, obscene, vulgar, pornographic, profane, indecent or otherwise objectionable. Personal attacks, especially on other participants, are not permitted. We reserve the right to permanently block any user who violates these terms and conditions. Additionally comments that are long, have multiple paragraph breaks, include code, or include hyperlinks may not be posted. Load comments Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Continue Reading More in business PhillyDeals › Vanguard apologizes to 17K millionaires ComcastNation › Hundreds of Comcast employees protest Trump's immigration policies Business › Hershey Trust's new student campus polarizes small Pa. town Stocks have little movement NEW YORK - Stocks ended Thursday's trading mostly unchanged, as cautious investors focus on a large batch of earnings reports from U.S. companies... Carpenter Tech buys titanium powder producer Carpenter Technology Corp., of Philadelphia, said Thursday that it agreed to pay $35 million for Puris LLC, a West Virginia producer of titanium... Three locally connected law firms make big hiring moves Three law firms with a big Philadelphia footprint are on the move. In recent days, Morgan Lewis & Bockius LLP, Drinker Biddle & Reath... Sale of Memorial Hospital of Salem County approved The New Jersey State Health Planning Board on Thursday approved the sale of Memorial Hospital of Salem County to Prime Healthcare Foundation... Frontier Airlines to add 7 seasonal destinations from PHL in April The Comcast-Roku deal? She ain't so sweet. Boscov's longtime chairman tells employees he has late-stage cancer Teen retailer Wet Seal closing 8 stores in Pa., 3 in N.J. Philly.com logo is powered by Inquirer logo Digital Edition Subscribe Subscriber Services Daily News logo Digital Edition Subscribe Subscriber Services Twitter icon @phillydotcom Facebook icon /phillydotcom News & Info News Sports Entertainment Business Health Food Lifestyle Opinion Event Calendar Archives Marketplace Deals Find a Home Job Listings Print Offers All Classifieds About us About Philly.com Advertise Contact Us Licensing & Permissions Photo Reprints Newspapers In Education Career Opportunities Internships Acel Moore Workshop   Mobile Apps Email Notifications Morning headlines Eagles This Week Things To Do Dining In and Out Sports Business Health Lifestyle PMN Events Show all ▾ Show some ▾ © Copyright 2017 Philadelphia Media Network (Digital), LLC Terms of Use & Privacy Policy
Skip to main content Home News Senate House Campaign Administration Business Regulation Media Briefing Room State Watch Latino Polls 12:30 Report Floor Action In The Know Sunday Talk Shows Policy Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Regulation Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Opinion Contributors Columnists Become a contributor Congress Blog Video Campaign Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Sunday Shows Events Lawmaker Interviews Events Upcoming Events Past Events About Extra Sign-in About People Campaign Follow Us Facebook Twitter Google Plus LinkedIn  TheHill.com © 1996-2017 News Communication Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Top menu News Senate House Administration Campaign Business Regulation Media Briefing Room State Watch Latino Polls 12:30 Report Floor Action In The Know Sunday Talk Shows Policy Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Opinion Contributors Columnists Become a Contributor Congress Blog Video Campaign Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Sunday Shows Events Lawmaker Interviews Events Upcoming Events About Extra Sign-in About Jobs Facebook Twitter Google Plus LinkedIn  Search form Search TRENDING: Confirmation hearings ObamaCare Donald Trump SPONSORED: The Latino Economy Just In... US threatens North Korea with 'overwhelming' retaliation if it uses nuclear arms International — 5h 14m ago Warren drags Tillerson into fight over SEC rule Senate — 6h 19m ago Trump Cabinet picks offer hope for environmental progress Contributors — 6h 21m ago Chris Christie: Attorney general job ‘would have been a hard thing to turn down’ Blog Briefing Room — 6h 58m ago Angelina Jolie: Barring refugees is 'not our way' In The Know — 7h 21m ago Judge dismisses Melania Trump's lawsuit against Daily Mail: report Blog Briefing Room — 7h 31m ago Report: WH blocked State Dept from issuing its own Holocaust statement Blog Briefing Room — 7h 53m ago Grassley wants Trump admin to release 'covert' refugee deal Floor Action — 7h 56m ago view all   Trump set to meet with CEOs on Friday By Vicki Needham - 02/01/17 04:27 PM EST 8   © Getty President Trump will meet with a group of the nation’s top executives on Friday to discuss strategies for creating jobs and growing the economy. Trump is following through on his promise for the advisory group of 16 chief executives, which was created in December, representing a wide array of multinational entertainment, technology and financial firms, to begin meeting in February, The Wall Street Journal reported. ADVERTISEMENT Blackstone CEO Steve Schwarzman is heading up the strategic and policy forum that will provide policy advice to the Trump administration. The group includes Bob Iger, chairman and CEO, The Walt Disney Co,; Larry Fink, chairman and CEO, BlackRock; Doug McMillon, president and CEO, Wal-Mart Stores;  Jim McNerney, former chairman and CEO, Boeing; Jamie Dimon, chairman and CEO, JPMorgan Chase & Co; Ginni Rometty, chairman and CEO of IBM. Since taking office, Trump has held a series of meetings with leaders from the nation's automakers, small business owners, manufacturers and pharmaceutical firms. Trump has warned U.S. companies that move their businesses overseas may face punishment in the form of tariffs on the goods they ship here.  To deter offshoring, the president is vowing to dramatically reduce regulations and significantly lower taxes for American firms. Tags BlackRock, Jamie Dimon, JPMorgan Chase, James McNerney, Stephen A. Schwarzman, Donald Trump, Business, economy, Ginni Rometty, Bob Iger   View the discussion thread. Most Popular Most Popular Discussed Past: 1 day 1 Poll: 4 in 10 support impeaching... More than half of voters prefer former President Barack Obama to Trump. 469 Shares 2 Shouting match over Russia erupts... The fight exposed bitter frustration amongst Democrats. 308 Shares 3 Senate schedules 6:30 am vote on... Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell (R-Ky.) has scheduled a vote at 6:... 300 Shares 4 House votes to overturn Obama gun... Critics said the rule stripped Second Amendment rights from people who are... 258 Shares 5 Schwarzenegger responds to Trump... Arnold Schwarzenegger immediately took to Twitter to respond to President... 228 Shares 6 Questions rise about Trump-ordered... The first military operation ordered by President Trump may have resulted... 181 Shares 7 McCain calls Australian ambassador... Sen. John McCain (R-Ariz.) said Thursday that he spoke to the Australian... 149 Shares 8 Trump taps CIA veteran for agency'... Former officials praised Gina Haspel, a 30-year veteran of the CIA. 142 Shares 9 Pelosi town hall question on... The question House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi faced on capitalism and... 125 Shares 10 Two GOP senators to vote no on... Sens. Collins and Murkowski said they would oppose Betsy DeVos. 110 Shares 11 Judge dismisses Melania Trump's... First lady Melania Trump's $150 million defamation suit against the Daily... 106 Shares 12 Time cover labels Bannon ‘The... Time magazine’s latest edition features President Trump’s senior counselor... 97 Shares 13 GOP talk shifts from replacing... Key Republican lawmakers are shifting their goal on ObamaCare from... 95 Shares 14 US threatens North Korea with '... '[A]ny use of nuclear weapons would be met with a response that would be... 91 Shares 15 DeVos poised to take step toward... The Senate is expected to vote Friday morning to advance the nomination of... 82 Shares 16 GOP lawmaker withdraws bill to... Rep. Jason Chaffetz faced a backlash from conservation and sportsmen’s... 82 Shares 17 GOP pushes back final DeVos vote... Senate Republicans are postponing a final vote on controversial Education... 74 Shares 18 Republicans impatient with anti-... Republican lawmakers are frustrated with mounting dissent from civil... 70 Shares 19 Trump threatens funding cut if UC... President Trump early Thursday threatened to cut federal funding to the... 67 Shares 20 Lawmaker to propose abolishing EPA A House Republican is working to write a bill that, if passed, would... 64 Shares 21 Senate subcommittee to launch... The Subcommittee on Crime and Terrorism announced the investigation into... 64 Shares 22 Sanders, Cruz to face off in... Sen. Bernie Sanders (I-Vt.) and Sen. Ted Cruz (R-Texas) will go to battle... 61 Shares 23 Treasury amends Russian sanctions... The Treasury Department on Thursday amended former President Obama’s most... 61 Shares 24 Warren drags Tillerson into fight... Warren blasted Tillerson for his lobbying efforts as Exxon Mobil CEO. 59 Shares 25 White House warns Israel on... The White House on Thursday warned Israel to stop settlement announcements... 57 Shares 26 Howard Stern: Presidency will be '... 'I don't think it's going to be a healthy experience.' 56 Shares 27 Prominent Putin critic... "Vladimir Putin does not deserve any benefit of the doubt here," Sen.... 54 Shares 28 Trump opens National Prayer... President Trump on Thursday addressed the National Prayer Breakfast,... 54 Shares 29 Second GOP senator phones... Sen. Bob Corker (R-Tenn.) called Australia’s ambassador on Thursday to... 52 Shares Load more More From The Web SPONSORED Don't miss a brief. Sign up for our daily email. Your Email News Senate House Campaign Administration Regulation Media Briefing Room Latino Polls 12:30 Report Floor Action In The Know Sunday Talk Shows More Policy Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology International Transportation Cybersecurity National Security More Video Latest Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Sunday Shows Events More Opinion Columnists Contributors Congress Blog More TheHill.com Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Contact Subscriptions Advertise Resources The Hill Apps Mobile Site People RSS Contributors Become a Contributor Other Areas Special Reports Galleries Classifieds Jobs The Hill 1625 K Street, NW Suite 900 Washington DC 20006 | 202-628-8500 tel | 202-628-8503 fax The contents of this site are ©2017 Capitol Hill Publishing Corp., a subsidiary of News Communications, Inc.
continue to article News All Local News Search Last 36 hours Nation + World Environment Politics Justice Polygamy Health Care Education Weather Utah's Right Elevate Empower Utah Legal Notices Sports Utah Jazz RSL Utah Utes BYU Cougars USU Aggies WSU Wildcats Preps Grizzlies Bees Outdoors Winter Sports College Monson Kragthorpe All-time BYU football stats All-time Utes football stats Blogs The Utah Effect Politics UPIN The Cricket TV Jazz Notes U of U Sports BYU Sports Prep Sports RSL Hiking Outdoors & Travel Sundance More Blogs Opinion Editorials Commentary Letters Bagley Cartoon Gehrke Rolly Cannon Kirby Blog: State of the Debate Submit a Letter Faith Religion news LDS Church Faith Blog Entertainment Calendar Film-Finder Movies Restaurants Lifestyle Arts Food Music TV Sundance Shopping Puzzles & Games Comics Horoscopes Cool Stuff The Legacy of Joe Hill I Love videos Whatever Happened To... Special Reports Videos Photo Galleries Utah Bucket List Mormon Rivals Preparing to play Paul Rolly Roast Money Top Workplaces The Realty Show Home Prices Obituaries Jobs Top Employer Top Educator Top Jobs Employment News Employers Post A Job Contact Us Homes Find a Home Find a Realtor Rentals Cars Find a car Browse Dealers Fuel Stop Top Workplaces Top Workplaces Subscribe    Print New Subscription Register for e-Edition Access your e-Edition Print Registration Print Login    sltrib.com Membership Become a Supporting Member Premium Ad-Free Site Login Account Login Member FAQ Toggle navigation News All Local News Search Last 36 hours Nation + World Environment Politics Justice Polygamy Health Care Education Weather Utah's Right Elevate Empower Utah Legal Notices    SPONSORED BY: Sports Utah Jazz RSL Utah Utes BYU Cougars USU Aggies WSU Wildcats Preps Grizzlies Bees Outdoors Winter Sports College Monson Kragthorpe All-time BYU football stats All-time Utes football stats Blogs The Utah Effect Politics UPIN The Cricket TV Jazz Notes U of U Sports BYU Sports Prep Sports RSL Hiking Outdoors & Travel Sundance More Blogs Opinion Editorials Commentary Letters Bagley Cartoon Gehrke Rolly Cannon Kirby Blog: State of the Debate Submit a Letter Faith Religion news LDS Church Faith Blog Entertainment Sundance Calendar Film-Finder Movies Restaurants Lifestyle Arts Food Music TV Shopping Puzzles & Games Comics Horoscopes    SPONSORED BY: Cool Stuff The Legacy of Joe Hill I Love videos Whatever Happened To... Special Reports Videos Photo Galleries Utah Bucket List Mormon Rivals Preparing to play Paul Rolly Roast Money Top Workplaces The Realty Show Home Prices Obituaries Jobs Top Employer Top Educator Top Jobs Employment News Employers Post A Job Contact Us    SPONSORED BY: Homes Find a Home Find a Realtor Rentals Cars Find a car Browse Dealers Fuel Stop    SPONSORED BY: Top Workplaces Subscribe    Print New Subscription Register for e-Edition Access your e-Edition Print Registration Print Login    sltrib.com Membership Become a Supporting Member Premium Ad-Free Site Login Account Login Member FAQ Home » News Salt Lake City 29 ° Traffic / Ski Report Stories from last 36 hours WWW.SLTRIB.COM FEB 3, 2017 Become a Member | Ad-Free Login Home » News FEB 3, 2017  |  Salt Lake City 29 °  |  Traffic / Ski Report Stories from last 36 hours Become a Member | Ad-Free Login Home » News Become a Member | Ad-Free Login Apple surges on iPhone sales; stocks wobble By MARLEY JAY The Associated Press First Published Feb 01 2017 08:51AM    •    Last Updated Feb 01 2017 01:23 pm Single page Share This Article New York • U.S. stock indexes are hardly moving Wednesday after the Federal Reserve left interest rates unchanged. Investors didn't expect rates to rise, but stocks remained in a holding pattern until after the decision was announced. Apple jumped to its highest price in more than a year after it said iPhone sales improved in its latest quarter. KEEPING SCORE: The Dow Jones industrial average added 33 points, or 0.2 percent, to 19,897 as of 12:33 p.m. Mountain time. The Standard & Poor's 500 remained at 2,279. The Nasdaq composite added 25 points, or 0.5 percent, to 5,640. The Russell 2000 index of smaller company stocks held steady at 1,361. VIDEOS TOP JOBS APPLE'S CORE: Apple is heading toward its biggest daily jump in almost three years after it said consumers snapped up its new iPhone 7 and 7 Plus over the last three months. That ended the first-ever slump in iPhone sales, and Apple's first-quarter results were stronger than analysts expected. Its stock rose $8.62, or 7.1 percent, to $129.97, its highest price in about 18 months. The big gains for Apple, the world's most valuable publicly-traded company, took technology stocks higher. Chipmaker Advanced Micro Devices also climbed $1.56, or 15 percent, to $11.93. AMD reported a profit when analysts expected a loss, and its sales were greater than expected. FED STANDS PAT: The Federal Reserve left its key interest rate unchanged, just as investors expected. The central bank noted that the job market is getting stronger and inflation is gradually rising, but said it wants more time to monitor the economy. THE QUOTE: Investors had assumed rates would stay the same this month. Kate Warne, an investment strategist for Edward Jones, noted that the central bank just increased rates in December and the Trump administration's spending and fiscal plans still haven't been spelled out. "They'll wait until they actually know what's going to happen," she said of the Fed. JOB GAINS: A survey showed private U.S. employers hired new workers at a faster pace in January, a sign that the economy could be getting stronger. The hiring was greater than expected, and the construction, manufacturing, health care and shipping industries all adding jobs at a solid pace. The U.S. government will release its own monthly jobs report Friday. "Economic growth appears to be strengthening even though fourth-quarter growth came in weak," said Warne, of Edward Jones. BONDS: Investors reacted to the hiring report by selling government bonds, which are relatively safe investments that are in greater demand when the economy seems weaker. Bond prices fell. The yield on the 10-year Treasury note jumped to 2.47 percent from 2.44 percent. Financial stocks rose, as higher interest rates allow banks to charge more money for lending. Lincoln National climbed $1.48, or 2.2 percent, to $68.99 and JPMorgan Chase rose 72 cents to $85.35. Stocks that pay large dividends traded lower as bond yields rose. Dominion Resources dropped $4.26, or 5.6 percent, to $72 after a weak quarterly report. ENERGY: Oil prices stayed within a small range. U.S. crude added $1.07, or 2 percent, to close at $53.88 a barrel in New York. Brent crude, the benchmark for international oil prices, gained $1.12, or 2 percent, to $56.70 a barrel in London. U.S. oil has stayed between roughly $52 and $55 a barrel for the last two months. The S&P 500's energy company index is on track to fall for the fifth day in a row. It's down 3 percent over that time and has sunk 7 percent since Dec. 13. ALUMINUM ACTIVISM: Lightweight aluminum products maker Arconic surged after its largest shareholder said the company needs new leadership. Elliott Management nominated five potential directors to Arconic's board. The company said it stands by CEO Klaus Kleinfeld and that Elliott's moves are not in the best interest of all shareholders. » Next page... Single page   Share This Article JOIN THE DISCUSSION     Post a Comment POPULAR STORIES The last refugees Utah couple sentenced to jail in connection with death of baby Berkeley campus chaos over canceled Milo Yiannopoulos appearance spurs free-speech questions Comments: Utah football: In Texas and Hawaii, Utes take a step forward in recruiting Utah football: Utes strike gold with some targets, miss out on some big ones as well ELEVATE H&R Block Announces Two New Offers: Refund Advance of Up to $1,250 and Free Federal 1040EZ   Professional-in-Residence Jim Mortensen Prepares Students to Become Top Advisors   3 Unforgettable Date Night Ideas   Contests and Promotions COMMENTS POST A COMMENT      () News All Local News Search Last 36 hours Nation + World RSS Twitter Environment Politics Justice Polygamy Education Weather Utah's Right Elevate Empower Utah Cool Stuff The Legacy of Joe Hill I Love videos Whatever Happened To... Special Reports Videos Photo Galleries Utah Bucket List Mormon Rivals Preparing to play Sports All Sports Olympics TribPreps Utah Jazz Utah Utes BYU Cougars USU Aggies WSU Wildcats College RSL Grizzlies Bees Winter Sports Outdoors Gordon Monson Kurt Kragthorpe All-time BYU football stats All-time Utes football stats Money All Money Top Workplaces Home Prices Blogs All Blogs Politics The Cricket TV Jazz Notes U of U Sports BYU Sports Prep Sports RSL Hiking Sundance Opinion All Opinion Editorials Commentary Letters Bagley Cartoons Gehrke Rolly Cannon Kirby Submit a Letter Faith All Faith LDS Church Religion news Faith Blog Entertainment All Entertainment Calendar Film-Finder Movies Restaurants Lifestyle Arts Food Music TV Sundance Shopping Puzzles & Games Comics Horoscopes Membership Ad-Free Site Login Become a Member Account Login Member FAQ Obituaries Search Obituaries Place an Obituary Marketplace Search Cars Search Homes Search Jobs Search Marketplace Legal Notices Other Services Advertise With Us Subscribe to the Newspaper Access your e-Edition Frequently Asked Questions Contact a newsroom staff member Access the Trib Archives Privacy Policy Missing your paper? Need to place your paper on vacation hold? For this and any other subscription related needs, click here or call 801.204.6100 Copyright @ 2017, The Salt Lake Tribune
Jump to navigation Listen Live News Talk Sports Traffic  Jitters over Trump keep weigh on global stock markets Previous Article Share Twitter Facebook Google+ Reddit Forward  Next Article By The Canadian Press February 2, 2017 - 7:09am Previous 1 of 7 Next LONDON — Global stock markets were uneven Thursday as investors shied away from riskier assets amid renewed concerns over U.S. President Donald Trump's policies. KEEPING SCORE: In Europe, Germany's DAX was flat at 11,663 while the CAC 40 in France rose 0.2 per cent to 4,805. The FTSE 100 index of leading British shares was 0.6 per cent higher at 7,153. U.S. stocks were heading for a soft open, with Dow futures and the broader S&P 500 futures down 0.2 per cent. TRUMP TURBULENCE: Investors were rattled by the latest news from the Trump administration, including a phone call in which he warned Mexico's president he might send in troops and another about a tense exchange with Australia's leader over refugees. Following the Trump rally in the wake of his election victory last November, stock gains appear to be petering out with investors getting jittery in light of Trump's dramatic policy announcements since taking office. MARKET VIEW: "Trump's presidency comes with greater than normal risks," Shane Oliver, head of investment strategy at AMP Capital Investors in Sydney, said in a report. Eventually, he said "pragmatic pro-growth policies are likely to ultimately dominate populist policies." However, Oliver added that "the Trump honeymoon with investors is likely over with a short term period of correction/volatility likely to continue in shares, bond yields and the U.S. dollar." CENTRAL BANKING: On Wednesday, the Federal Reserve left interest rates on hold after its latest policy meeting — as investors had expected. Policymakers signalled that they still expect to gradually raise rates but gave no clear timeline. Meanwhile, the Bank of England kept its main interest rate on hold at a record low of 0.25 per cent on Thursday but revised up its growth forecasts for the British economy, which has held up better than many forecasters predicted in the aftermath of last June's vote to leave the European Union. DEUTSCHE DOWN AGAIN: Germany's biggest lender, Deutsche Bank, saw its share price fall by around 5 per cent after the company posted another hefty loss in 2016. The bank reported a loss of 1.4 billion euros ($1.5 billion) for all of 2016. Much of that loss was due to a fourth-quarter deficit of 1.89 billion euros largely related to the sale of its Abbey Life unit and costs associated with legal fines and penalties. ASIA'S DAY: Japan's benchmark Nikkei 225 index slipped 1.2 per cent to 18,914.58 as the stronger yen weighed on exporters, while South Korea's Kospi dipped 0.5 per cent to 2,071.01. Hong Kong's Hang Seng lost 0.6 per cent to 23,184.52 and Australia's S&P/ASX 200 edged 0.1 per cent lower to 5,645.40. Markets in mainland China were closed for the final day of a weeklong holiday. CURRENCIES: The euro rose 0.3 per cent to $1.0810 while the dollar fell 0.6 per cent to 112.36 yen. ENERGY: Benchmark U.S. crude rose 15 cents to $54.03 a barrel on the New York Mercantile Exchange, while Brent crude, the benchmark for international oil prices, advanced 38 cents to $57.18 a barrel in London. The Associated Press ©2017 The Canadian Press Share Twitter Facebook Google+ Reddit Forward Topics:  International Join the Discussion 650 CKOM is happy to provide a forum for commenting and discussion. Please respect and abide by the house rules: Keep it clean, keep it civil, keep it truthful, stay on topic, be responsible, share your knowledge, and please suggest removal of comments that violate these standards. See full commenting rules. View the discussion thread. Listen live News Talk Sports Traffic Weather Search Local Provincial National International All Topics RSS Feeds The Brent Loucks Show 6:00am 8:30am Gormley 8:30am 12:30pm Saskatchewan Afternoon 1:00pm 3:00pm The Green Zone 3:00pm 6:00pm All Shows Schedule Podcasts On Demand Contests Events Adopt A Family Auction Insider The Green Zone Game Day with Wray Prime Time Sports Riders Local Provincial National Traffic Updates Highway Hotline Report a Pothole Latest Traffic Feb 02 Road Work For Thursday Feb 01 Road Work For Wednesday Jan 31 Road Work For Tuesday loading weather... © 650 CKOM . All Rights Reserved. Contact  //  Rss  //  Rules  //  ToS  //  Privacy
Home About/Contact US Privacy Policy Staff Daily Email Updates Headlines Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Investing Costamare Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Costamare Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Recent Posts Fresenius Medical Care AG & Co. KGaA (FME) PT Set at €85.00 by Warburg Research J P Morgan Chase & Co Analysts Give Infineon Technologies AG (IFXA) a €18.00 Price Target J P Morgan Chase & Co Analysts Give Infineon Technologies AG (IFXA) a €18.00 Price Target Macquarie Reiterates €150.00 Price Target for Volkswagen AG (VOW3) TransGlobe Energy (TGL) – Investment Analysts’ Recent Ratings Changes Gap, Inc. (The) (GPS) Short Interest Update General Electric Company (GE) Short Interest Update Oppenheimer Holdings Comments on Graco Inc.’s Q1 2017 Earnings (GGG) Equities Analysts Issue Forecasts for Graco Inc.’s Q1 2017 Earnings (GGG) Zacks: Crown Crafts, Inc. (CRWS) Given Average Recommendation of “Strong Buy” by Brokerages CONSOL Energy Inc. (CNX) Stock Rating Lowered by SunTrust Banks, Inc. Booker Group Plc (BOK) Given “Buy” Rating at Goldman Sachs Group, Inc. (The) Hays plc (HAS) Price Target Raised to GBX 170 Jay Shepard Sells 24,211 Shares of Versartis, Inc. (VSAR) Stock Christopher M. Connor Sells 117,458 Shares of Sherwin-Williams Company (The) (SHW) Stock Neil Smit Sells 133,314 Shares of Comcast Corporation (CMCSA) Stock Delphi Automotive PLC (DLPH) Releases FY17 Earnings Guidance Ingredion Incorporated (INGR) Releases FY17 Earnings Guidance Vantiv, Inc. (VNTV) Releases Quarterly Earnings Results, Beats Estimates By $0.03 EPS Aceto Corporation (ACET) Posts Quarterly Earnings Results, Misses Estimates By $0.08 EPS Costamare Inc. (CMRE) Lowered to “D+” at TheStreet Posted by Dave Schultz on Feb 1st, 2017 // No Comments Tweet Costamare Inc. (NYSE:CMRE) was downgraded by equities research analysts at TheStreet from a “c” rating to a “d+” rating in a research note issued on Friday. Several other analysts have also recently commented on CMRE. Zacks Investment Research cut Costamare from a “hold” rating to a “sell” rating in a report on Tuesday. Morgan Stanley raised Costamare from an “equal weight” rating to an “overweight” rating and set a $7.00 price target for the company in a report on Wednesday. Barclays PLC reduced their price target on Costamare from $11.00 to $10.00 and set an “equal weight” rating for the company in a report on Monday, October 3rd. Credit Suisse Group cut Costamare from a “neutral” rating to an “underperform” rating and set a $5.00 price objective for the company. in a report on Monday. Finally, Stifel Nicolaus cut Costamare from a “hold” rating to a “sell” rating and reduced their price objective for the stock from $10.00 to $5.00 in a report on Tuesday, October 4th. Three research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, two have given a hold rating and three have assigned a buy rating to the company. The stock has an average rating of “Hold” and a consensus target price of $8.90. Shares of Costamare (NYSE:CMRE) traded up 3.672% during mid-day trading on Friday, reaching $5.505. The company’s stock had a trading volume of 897,795 shares. The company’s 50-day moving average is $5.88 and its 200 day moving average is $7.53. Costamare has a 1-year low of $5.07 and a 1-year high of $11.00. The firm has a market capitalization of $448.65 million, a P/E ratio of 7.013 and a beta of 1.95. Costamare (NYSE:CMRE) last posted its quarterly earnings results on Thursday, January 26th. The company reported $0.28 EPS for the quarter, beating the consensus estimate of $0.26 by $0.02. The business earned $110.13 million during the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $110.51 million. Costamare had a return on equity of 12.74% and a net margin of 17.45%. The company’s quarterly revenue was down 9.9% compared to the same quarter last year. During the same period last year, the firm earned $0.44 EPS. On average, analysts expect that Costamare will post $0.99 earnings per share for the current year. The business also recently declared a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Monday, February 6th. Stockholders of record on Monday, January 23rd will be issued a $0.10 dividend. The ex-dividend date is Thursday, January 19th. This represents a $0.40 dividend on an annualized basis and a dividend yield of 7.53%. Costamare’s dividend payout ratio (DPR) is 48.78%. TRADEMARK VIOLATION NOTICE: This story was posted by Web Breaking News and is the sole property of of Web Breaking News. If you are reading this story on another site, it was illegally copied and republished in violation of U.S. & international trademark and copyright legislation. The legal version of this story can be viewed at http://www.webbreakingnews.com/2017/02/01/costamare-inc-cmre-lowered-to-d-at-thestreet.html. Institutional investors have recently added to or reduced their stakes in the company. Quantitative Systematic Strategies LLC boosted its position in Costamare by 60.0% in the second quarter. Quantitative Systematic Strategies LLC now owns 17,563 shares of the company’s stock worth $156,000 after buying an additional 6,584 shares during the period. Bank of New York Mellon Corp bought a new position in Costamare during the second quarter worth $368,000. California State Teachers Retirement System bought a new position in Costamare during the second quarter worth $426,000. California Public Employees Retirement System boosted its position in Costamare by 33.4% in the second quarter. California Public Employees Retirement System now owns 83,800 shares of the company’s stock worth $643,000 after buying an additional 21,000 shares during the period. Finally, JPMorgan Chase & Co. boosted its position in Costamare by 18.1% in the second quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 143,122 shares of the company’s stock worth $1,098,000 after buying an additional 21,965 shares during the period. 12.56% of the stock is owned by institutional investors. About Costamare Costamare Inc (Costamare) is an international owner of containerships. The Company provides marine transportation services by chartering its container vessels to liner operators under long, medium and short-term time charters. The Company has a fleet of approximately 70 containerships with a total capacity of over 467,000 20-foot equivalent unit (TEU), including approximately 10 newbuilds on order. Receive News & Ratings for Costamare Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Costamare Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter. « Previous Steven Madden, Ltd. (SHOO) Given a $33.00 Price Target at Piper Jaffray Companies Next » Royal Bank Of Canada (RY) Stock Rating Upgraded by TheStreet Latest News Nike Suspends Relationship with Maria Sharapova Rob Bironas Ex-Titans Kicker Dies in Car Crash Ron Washington Leaves Texas Rangers Due to an Affair Jonathan Dwyer Falls in Line with Other Banned NFL Players Tony Stewart Case Going to the Grand Jury Oscar Pistorius “Blade Runner” Found Not Guilty of Murder Leave a Reply Click here to cancel reply. Name (Required) Mail (will not be published) (Required) Website   Home Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Headlines Investing © 2006-2017 Web Breaking News.
e-Edition Obituaries Special Sections Special Occasions Subscribe Paywall Login Login to Comment Register February 3rd, 2017 Menu Home News Sports Business Entertainment Classifieds Commentary Contact Local News Provincial News National News World News Apple surges on iPhone sales; stock indexes wobble Poll Does the Alberta Energy Regulator need to do a better job monitoring oil spills? Yes No View Results  Loading ... Follow @LethHerald on twitter By Marley Jay, The Associated Press on February 1, 2017. FILE - In this Oct. 2, 2014, file photo, the statue of George Washington on the steps of Federal Hall faces the facade of the New York Stock Exchange. U.S. stocks are moving higher early Wednesday, Feb. 1, 2017, after a survey showed U.S. employers hired new workers at a faster pace in January, a sign that the economy could be getting stronger. Technology stocks are climbing after Apple said iPhone sales improved in its last quarter, which sent its stock to its highest price in more than a year. Stocks are building on a late surge from a day earlier. (AP Photo/Richard Drew, File) NEW YORK – U.S. stock indexes are hardly moving Wednesday after the Federal Reserve left interest rates unchanged. Investors didn’t expect rates to rise, but stocks remained in a holding pattern until after the decision was announced. Apple jumped to its highest price in more than a year after it said iPhone sales improved in its latest quarter. KEEPING SCORE: The Dow Jones industrial average added 33 points, or 0.2 per cent, to 19,897 as of 2:33 p.m. Eastern time. The Standard & Poor’s 500 remained at 2,279. The Nasdaq composite added 25 points, or 0.5 per cent, to 5,640. The Russell 2000 index of smaller company stocks held steady at 1,361. APPLE’S CORE: Apple is heading toward its biggest daily jump in almost three years after it said consumers snapped up its new iPhone 7 and 7 Plus over the last three months. That ended the first-ever slump in iPhone sales, and Apple’s first-quarter results were stronger than analysts expected. Its stock rose $8.62, or 7.1 per cent, to $129.97, its highest price in about 18 months. The big gains for Apple, the world’s most valuable publicly-traded company, took technology stocks higher. Chipmaker Advanced Micro Devices also climbed $1.56, or 15 per cent, to $11.93. AMD reported a profit when analysts expected a loss, and its sales were greater than expected. FED STANDS PAT: The Federal Reserve left its key interest rate unchanged, just as investors expected. The central bank noted that the job market is getting stronger and inflation is gradually rising, but said it wants more time to monitor the economy. THE QUOTE: Investors had assumed rates would stay the same this month. Kate Warne, an investment strategist for Edward Jones, noted that the central bank just increased rates in December and the Trump administration’s spending and fiscal plans still haven’t been spelled out. “They’ll wait until they actually know what’s going to happen,” she said of the Fed. JOB GAINS: A survey showed private U.S. employers hired new workers at a faster pace in January, a sign that the economy could be getting stronger. The hiring was greater than expected, and the construction, manufacturing, health care and shipping industries all adding jobs at a solid pace. The U.S. government will release its own monthly jobs report Friday. “Economic growth appears to be strengthening even though fourth-quarter growth came in weak,” said Warne, of Edward Jones. BONDS: Investors reacted to the hiring report by selling government bonds, which are relatively safe investments that are in greater demand when the economy seems weaker. Bond prices fell. The yield on the 10-year Treasury note jumped to 2.47 per cent from 2.44 per cent. Financial stocks rose, as higher interest rates allow banks to charge more money for lending. Lincoln National climbed $1.48, or 2.2 per cent, to $68.99 and JPMorgan Chase rose 72 cents to $85.35. Stocks that pay large dividends traded lower as bond yields rose. Dominion Resources dropped $4.26, or 5.6 per cent, to $72 after a weak quarterly report. ENERGY: Oil prices stayed within a small range. U.S. crude added $1.07, or 2 per cent, to close at $53.88 a barrel in New York. Brent crude, the benchmark for international oil prices, gained $1.12, or 2 per cent, to $56.70 a barrel in London. U.S. oil has stayed between roughly $52 and $55 a barrel for the last two months. The S&P 500’s energy company index is on track to fall for the fifth day in a row. It’s down 3 per cent over that time and has sunk 7 per cent since Dec. 13. ALUMINUM ACTIVISM: Lightweight aluminum products maker Arconic surged after its largest shareholder said the company needs new leadership. Elliott Management nominated five potential directors to Arconic’s board. The company said it stands by CEO Klaus Kleinfeld and that Elliott’s moves are not in the best interest of all shareholders. Since Arconic split from Alcoa on Nov. 1, Arconic stock is almost flat and Alcoa has jumped more than 60 per cent. Arconic gained $2.48, or 10.9 per cent, to $25.22. CURRENCIES: The dollar gained strength after the jobs survey. It rose to 113.30 yen from 112.76 yen. The euro fell to $1.0755 from $1.0803. METALS: The price of gold slipped $3.10 to $1,208.30 an ounce. Silver lost 9 cents to $17.45 an ounce. Copper fell 2 cents to $2.71 1 pound. OVERSEAS: Stocks in Europe got a boost from the ADP survey and a report that said manufacturing in China grew at its fastest pace in two years in January. Heavy government spending and more lending by banks helped keep the economy steady. Germany’s DAX added 1.1 per cent while the CAC 40 of France rose 1 per cent. The FTSE 100 index in Britain picked up 0.1 per cent. Japan’s Nikkei 225 rose 0.6 per cent after a skid on Tuesday. The Kospi in South Korea jumped 0.6 per cent. Hong Kong’s Hang Seng fell 0.2 per cent. ___ AP Markets Writer Marley Jay can be reached at http://twitter.com/MarleyJayAP His work can be found at http://bigstory.ap.org/journalist/marley-jay 000000 000000 Leave a Reply Click here to cancel reply. You must be logged in to post a comment. More ways to get to us Facebook Twitter YouTube ePaper Login Subscribe Subscription Services Archive About Us The Lethbridge Herald Other Publications Food For Thought Contact Careers Contact the Lethbridge Herald 504 - 7th Street South Lethbridge, AB T1J 3Z7 [P] (403) 328-4411 [F] (403)328-4536 Print Advertising: (403) 328-4410 National Advertising: (403) 380-7585 Online Advertising: (403) 380-7585 Classifieds: (403) 328-4433 © 1996-2017 The Lethbridge Herald, A Division of Continental Newspapers Canada Ltd. Advertising Terms and Conditions & Privacy Policy
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy   Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Seres Therapeutics Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Seres Therapeutics Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Metro Ag (MEO3) PT Set at €38.00 by equinet AG Berenberg Bank Analysts Give SAP SE (SAP) a €94.00 Price Target adidas AG (ADS) PT Set at €166.00 by Kepler Capital Markets Graco Inc. (GGG) Expected to Earn Q1 2017 Earnings of $0.78 Per Share HCA Holdings, Inc. to Post Q1 2017 Earnings of $1.81 Per Share, KeyCorp Forecasts (HCA) IDEX Corporation (IEX) Expected to Earn Q1 2017 Earnings of $0.93 Per Share Olin Corporation (OLN) Hits New 12-Month High After Strong Earnings ContraVir Pharmaceuticals Inc (CTRV) Given Consensus Rating of “Strong Buy” by Brokerages Cesca Therapeutics Inc. (KOOL) Given Consensus Recommendation of “Hold” by Brokerages Zacks: BGC Partners, Inc. (BGCP) Given $14.00 Average Target Price by Analysts Zacks: Orchid Island Capital, Inc. (ORC) Given Average Rating of “Strong Buy” by Analysts Zacks: AC Immune SA (ACIU) Given $23.00 Consensus Target Price by Analysts Royal Bank Of Canada Downgrades E.On Se (EONGY) to Underperform Pagegroup PLC (MPI) Price Target Raised to GBX 490 Diageo plc (DGE) Receives Buy Rating from HSBC Holdings plc Metro Ag (MEO3) Given a €38.00 Price Target at Oddo Securities Overstock.com, Inc. (OSTK) Major Shareholder Sells $15,228,861.84 in Stock Voya Prime Rate Trust (PPR) Declares Monthly Dividend of $0.03 Hanesbrands Inc. (HBI) Posts Quarterly Earnings Results, Misses Estimates By $0.05 EPS UNITIL Corporation (UTL) Announces Quarterly Earnings Results, Beats Estimates By $0.01 EPS Seres Therapeutics, Inc. (MCRB) Given a $16.00 Price Target at Cantor Fitzgerald February 1st, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Latisha Jones Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Finance Tweet Seres Therapeutics, Inc. (NASDAQ:MCRB) has been assigned a $16.00 price target by equities researchers at Cantor Fitzgerald in a research report issued on Tuesday. The brokerage currently has a “buy” rating on the stock. Cantor Fitzgerald’s target price would indicate a potential upside of 61.78% from the company’s previous close. A number of other research firms have also recently weighed in on MCRB. Canaccord Genuity restated a “buy” rating and issued a $20.00 price target on shares of Seres Therapeutics in a report on Tuesday. FBR & Co reduced their target price on Seres Therapeutics from $23.00 to $18.00 and set an “outperform” rating for the company in a research note on Wednesday. Finally, Zacks Investment Research upgraded Seres Therapeutics from a “sell” rating to a “hold” rating in a research note on Thursday, October 20th. Two analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and seven have assigned a buy rating to the company’s stock. The stock presently has a consensus rating of “Buy” and an average target price of $27.29. Shares of Seres Therapeutics (NASDAQ:MCRB) traded down 5.06% during trading on Tuesday, hitting $9.39. 203,655 shares of the stock were exchanged. The company’s market cap is $378.93 million. Seres Therapeutics has a 12-month low of $8.05 and a 12-month high of $35.98. The firm has a 50 day moving average of $10.13 and a 200-day moving average of $12.48. Seres Therapeutics (NASDAQ:MCRB) last released its quarterly earnings results on Thursday, November 10th. The company reported ($0.46) earnings per share for the quarter, topping the Zacks’ consensus estimate of ($0.50) by $0.04. The company earned $13.02 million during the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $10.38 million. The firm’s revenue was up NaN% compared to the same quarter last year. During the same quarter in the prior year, the company earned ($0.38) EPS. On average, analysts forecast that Seres Therapeutics will post ($2.40) earnings per share for the current year. TRADEMARK VIOLATION NOTICE: “Seres Therapeutics, Inc. (MCRB) Given a $16.00 Price Target at Cantor Fitzgerald” was first published by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are accessing this report on another website, it was stolen and republished in violation of U.S. & international copyright & trademark law. The legal version of this report can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/02/01/seres-therapeutics-inc-mcrb-given-a-16-00-price-target-at-cantor-fitzgerald.html. Several large investors have recently bought and sold shares of the stock. Columbus Circle Investors purchased a new stake in Seres Therapeutics during the second quarter valued at about $10,676,000. JPMorgan Chase & Co. raised its stake in Seres Therapeutics by 2.8% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 218,589 shares of the company’s stock valued at $2,687,000 after buying an additional 5,972 shares in the last quarter. Baker BROS. Advisors LP purchased a new stake in Seres Therapeutics during the third quarter valued at about $1,536,000. Bank of New York Mellon Corp raised its stake in Seres Therapeutics by 45.7% in the second quarter. Bank of New York Mellon Corp now owns 57,270 shares of the company’s stock valued at $1,664,000 after buying an additional 17,971 shares in the last quarter. Finally, Swiss National Bank raised its stake in Seres Therapeutics by 76.9% in the second quarter. Swiss National Bank now owns 23,700 shares of the company’s stock valued at $688,000 after buying an additional 10,300 shares in the last quarter. 77.24% of the stock is currently owned by institutional investors and hedge funds. About Seres Therapeutics Seres Therapeutics, Inc is a microbiome therapeutics platform company. The Company is engaged in developing a class of biological drugs, which is referred as Ecobiotic microbiome therapeutics. The Company is focused on implementing its microbiome therapeutics platform to develop Ecobiotic microbiome therapeutics that treats dysbiosis in the colonic microbiome. Receive News & Ratings for Seres Therapeutics Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Seres Therapeutics Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Trump Cancels Harley-Davidson Trip Due to Possible Protests White House Appears to Pull Back on Part of Policy on Vetting President Trump’s Labor Secretary Choice Outsourced Jobs President Trump Agenda: Border Wall and Sanctuary Cities White House Says President Trump Will Not Release His Tax Returns © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy   Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Jacobs Engineering Group Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Jacobs Engineering Group Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Analysts Set Gol Linhas Aereas Inteligentes S.A. (GOL) Price Target at $15.58 Brokerages Set D/B/A Chubb Limited New (CB) Price Target at $134.09 Imperial Tobacco Group PLC (IMB) Receives GBX 4,083.07 Consensus Target Price from Analysts MFA Financial, Inc. (MFA) Rating Increased to Hold at Zacks Investment Research Zacks Investment Research Upgrades MercadoLibre, Inc. (MELI) to Buy Live Nation Entertainment, Inc. (LYV) Stock Rating Lowered by Zacks Investment Research Comstock Resources, Inc. (CRK) Rating Reiterated by Barclays PLC Morgan Stanley Upgrades CDK Global, Inc. (CDK) to “Equal Weight” Gartner, Inc. (IT) Announces Earnings Results Gigamon Inc (GIMO) Releases Earnings Results, Beats Expectations By $0.01 EPS Ryder System, Inc. (R) Stock Price Down 7.7% Following Weak Earnings Autoliv, Inc. (ALV) Trading Down 8.2% on Disappointing Earnings Caseys General Stores, Inc. (CASY) Rating Lowered to Top Pick at Wells Fargo & Co Rambus, Inc. (RMBS) Stock Rating Lowered by TheStreet J P Morgan Chase & Co Analysts Give AMAG Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (AMAG) a $24.00 Price Target Alliance Holdings GP, L.P. (AHGP) to Issue Quarterly Dividend of $0.55 on February 17th KeyCorp Comments on Cooper Tire & Rubber Company’s Q4 2016 Earnings (CTB) Britvic Plc (BTVCY) Given Average Recommendation of “Buy” by Analysts NEXT (NXGPF) Given Consensus Recommendation of “Hold” by Brokerages Tahoe Resources Inc (THO) Receives C$19.43 Consensus Price Target from Brokerages Jacobs Engineering Group Inc. (JEC) Given New $71.00 Price Target at Credit Suisse Group February 1st, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Jeff Wilder Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Finance Tweet Jacobs Engineering Group Inc. (NYSE:JEC) had its price target hoisted by Credit Suisse Group to $71.00 in a report issued on Tuesday. A number of other equities analysts also recently issued reports on the stock. Zacks Investment Research raised shares of Jacobs Engineering Group from a hold rating to a buy rating and set a $64.00 price target for the company in a research note on Tuesday, January 24th. Jefferies Group LLC cut shares of Jacobs Engineering Group from a buy rating to a hold rating and upped their price objective for the stock from $54.00 to $64.00 in a report on Tuesday, December 13th. They noted that the move was a valuation call. MKM Partners set a $57.00 price objective on shares of Jacobs Engineering Group and gave the stock a hold rating in a report on Thursday, November 24th. Deutsche Bank AG upped their price objective on shares of Jacobs Engineering Group from $50.00 to $60.00 and gave the stock a hold rating in a report on Wednesday, November 23rd. Finally, TheStreet upgraded shares of Jacobs Engineering Group from a hold rating to a buy rating in a report on Monday, November 21st. One analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, ten have assigned a hold rating and six have issued a buy rating to the company’s stock. Jacobs Engineering Group currently has an average rating of Hold and a consensus target price of $52.84. Jacobs Engineering Group (NYSE:JEC) traded down 0.07% during midday trading on Tuesday, hitting $58.51. 432,963 shares of the company were exchanged. Jacobs Engineering Group has a 1-year low of $34.76 and a 1-year high of $63.42. The stock has a market capitalization of $7.07 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 33.82 and a beta of 1.69. The stock has a 50 day moving average of $58.52 and a 200-day moving average of $54.88. Jacobs Engineering Group (NYSE:JEC) last released its quarterly earnings results on Tuesday, November 22nd. The company reported $0.77 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, hitting the Zacks’ consensus estimate of $0.77. Jacobs Engineering Group had a net margin of 1.92% and a return on equity of 8.48%. The company earned $2.64 billion during the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $2.78 billion. During the same period in the prior year, the firm earned $0.80 earnings per share. Jacobs Engineering Group’s revenue was down 15.3% on a year-over-year basis. Equities analysts expect that Jacobs Engineering Group will post $3.13 earnings per share for the current year. TRADEMARK VIOLATION WARNING: “Jacobs Engineering Group Inc. (JEC) Given New $71.00 Price Target at Credit Suisse Group” was posted by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are viewing this article on another domain, it was copied illegally and reposted in violation of United States and international copyright legislation. The correct version of this article can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/02/01/jacobs-engineering-group-inc-jec-given-new-71-00-price-target-at-credit-suisse-group.html. The firm also recently declared a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Friday, March 17th. Shareholders of record on Friday, February 17th will be given a $0.15 dividend. The ex-dividend date is Wednesday, February 15th. This represents a $0.60 annualized dividend and a yield of 1.02%. In other Jacobs Engineering Group news, Director Joseph R. Bronson sold 14,500 shares of the stock in a transaction that occurred on Tuesday, December 6th. The shares were sold at an average price of $60.23, for a total value of $873,335.00. Following the transaction, the director now directly owns 28,149 shares in the company, valued at $1,695,414.27. The transaction was disclosed in a legal filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which can be accessed through this hyperlink. 1.49% of the stock is currently owned by company insiders. Hedge funds and other institutional investors have recently added to or reduced their stakes in the company. JPMorgan Chase & Co. increased its stake in shares of Jacobs Engineering Group by 57.1% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 1,254,902 shares of the company’s stock valued at $64,904,000 after buying an additional 456,154 shares during the last quarter. Ngam Advisors L.P. increased its stake in shares of Jacobs Engineering Group by 4.9% in the third quarter. Ngam Advisors L.P. now owns 34,265 shares of the company’s stock valued at $1,772,000 after buying an additional 1,590 shares during the last quarter. BlackRock Japan Co. Ltd increased its stake in shares of Jacobs Engineering Group by 1.0% in the third quarter. BlackRock Japan Co. Ltd now owns 138,512 shares of the company’s stock valued at $7,164,000 after buying an additional 1,339 shares during the last quarter. Moody Lynn & Lieberson LLC purchased a new stake in shares of Jacobs Engineering Group during the third quarter valued at approximately $3,975,000. Finally, First Quadrant L P CA increased its stake in shares of Jacobs Engineering Group by 21.0% in the third quarter. First Quadrant L P CA now owns 269,550 shares of the company’s stock valued at $13,941,000 after buying an additional 46,850 shares during the last quarter. Institutional investors and hedge funds own 87.95% of the company’s stock. About Jacobs Engineering Group Jacobs Engineering Group Inc is a technical professional services company. The Company provides a range of technical, professional and construction services to industrial, commercial and governmental clients. The Company’s services include Project Services; Process, Scientific, and Systems Consulting Services; Construction Services, and Operations and Maintenance Services. Receive News & Ratings for Jacobs Engineering Group Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Jacobs Engineering Group Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Trump Cancels Harley-Davidson Trip Due to Possible Protests White House Appears to Pull Back on Part of Policy on Vetting President Trump’s Labor Secretary Choice Outsourced Jobs President Trump Agenda: Border Wall and Sanctuary Cities White House Says President Trump Will Not Release His Tax Returns © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy   Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Summit Midstream Partners LP - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Summit Midstream Partners LP with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Metro Ag (MEO3) PT Set at €38.00 by equinet AG Berenberg Bank Analysts Give SAP SE (SAP) a €94.00 Price Target adidas AG (ADS) PT Set at €166.00 by Kepler Capital Markets Graco Inc. (GGG) Expected to Earn Q1 2017 Earnings of $0.78 Per Share HCA Holdings, Inc. to Post Q1 2017 Earnings of $1.81 Per Share, KeyCorp Forecasts (HCA) IDEX Corporation (IEX) Expected to Earn Q1 2017 Earnings of $0.93 Per Share Olin Corporation (OLN) Hits New 12-Month High After Strong Earnings ContraVir Pharmaceuticals Inc (CTRV) Given Consensus Rating of “Strong Buy” by Brokerages Cesca Therapeutics Inc. (KOOL) Given Consensus Recommendation of “Hold” by Brokerages Zacks: BGC Partners, Inc. (BGCP) Given $14.00 Average Target Price by Analysts Zacks: Orchid Island Capital, Inc. (ORC) Given Average Rating of “Strong Buy” by Analysts Zacks: AC Immune SA (ACIU) Given $23.00 Consensus Target Price by Analysts Royal Bank Of Canada Downgrades E.On Se (EONGY) to Underperform Pagegroup PLC (MPI) Price Target Raised to GBX 490 Diageo plc (DGE) Receives Buy Rating from HSBC Holdings plc Metro Ag (MEO3) Given a €38.00 Price Target at Oddo Securities Overstock.com, Inc. (OSTK) Major Shareholder Sells $15,228,861.84 in Stock Voya Prime Rate Trust (PPR) Declares Monthly Dividend of $0.03 Hanesbrands Inc. (HBI) Posts Quarterly Earnings Results, Misses Estimates By $0.05 EPS UNITIL Corporation (UTL) Announces Quarterly Earnings Results, Beats Estimates By $0.01 EPS Summit Midstream Partners, LP (SMLP) Cut to “Neutral” at Credit Suisse Group February 1st, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Tyrone Williams Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Finance Tweet Credit Suisse Group downgraded shares of Summit Midstream Partners, LP (NYSE:SMLP) from an outperform rating to a neutral rating in a report published on Friday morning. The firm currently has $28.00 price objective on the stock, down from their prior price objective of $30.00. A number of other equities research analysts have also weighed in on the company. Zacks Investment Research lowered Summit Midstream Partners, from a buy rating to a hold rating in a report on Wednesday, January 18th. Wells Fargo & Company raised Summit Midstream Partners, from a market perform rating to a buy rating in a report on Wednesday, January 11th. RBC Capital Markets reaffirmed a buy rating and issued a $28.00 price objective on shares of Summit Midstream Partners, in a report on Friday, January 6th. Finally, Barclays PLC reiterated a hold rating and set a $27.00 price target on shares of Summit Midstream Partners, in a research report on Monday, November 7th. One research analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, six have issued a hold rating and five have assigned a buy rating to the company. The company presently has a consensus rating of Hold and an average price target of $25.50. Shares of Summit Midstream Partners, (NYSE:SMLP) opened at 23.95 on Friday. The stock’s market capitalization is $1.73 billion. The stock has a 50 day moving average price of $25.02 and a 200-day moving average price of $23.33. Summit Midstream Partners, has a 52-week low of $11.06 and a 52-week high of $26.50. WARNING: “Summit Midstream Partners, LP (SMLP) Cut to “Neutral” at Credit Suisse Group” was first reported by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are viewing this piece of content on another publication, it was illegally stolen and reposted in violation of international copyright and trademark law. The legal version of this piece of content can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/02/01/summit-midstream-partners-lp-smlp-cut-to-neutral-at-credit-suisse-group.html. The business also recently disclosed a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Tuesday, February 14th. Investors of record on Tuesday, February 7th will be given a dividend of $0.575 per share. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Friday, February 3rd. This represents a $2.30 annualized dividend and a dividend yield of 9.60%. Summit Midstream Partners,’s dividend payout ratio is currently -55.16%. A number of hedge funds have recently added to or reduced their stakes in the company. Advisory Research Inc. boosted its stake in Summit Midstream Partners, by 2.8% in the second quarter. Advisory Research Inc. now owns 2,709,753 shares of the company’s stock valued at $61,918,000 after buying an additional 72,590 shares during the last quarter. Harvest Fund Advisors LLC boosted its stake in Summit Midstream Partners, by 5.4% in the second quarter. Harvest Fund Advisors LLC now owns 2,271,783 shares of the company’s stock valued at $51,910,000 after buying an additional 116,795 shares during the last quarter. Center Coast Capital Advisors LP boosted its stake in Summit Midstream Partners, by 1.5% in the third quarter. Center Coast Capital Advisors LP now owns 1,287,179 shares of the company’s stock valued at $29,528,000 after buying an additional 19,012 shares during the last quarter. Kayne Anderson Capital Advisors LP boosted its stake in Summit Midstream Partners, by 883.1% in the third quarter. Kayne Anderson Capital Advisors LP now owns 699,000 shares of the company’s stock valued at $16,034,000 after buying an additional 627,900 shares during the last quarter. Finally, JPMorgan Chase & Co. boosted its stake in Summit Midstream Partners, by 1.5% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 557,140 shares of the company’s stock valued at $12,781,000 after buying an additional 8,089 shares during the last quarter. 41.98% of the stock is owned by hedge funds and other institutional investors. About Summit Midstream Partners, Summit Midstream Partners, LP is a limited partnership focused on developing, owning and operating midstream energy infrastructure assets. The Company’s segments include the Marcellus Shale, which is served by Mountaineer Midstream; the Williston Basin, which is served by Bison Midstream; the Barnett Shale, which is served by DFW Midstream; the Piceance Basin, which is served by Grand River, and Corporate. Receive News & Ratings for Summit Midstream Partners LP Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Summit Midstream Partners LP and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Trump Cancels Harley-Davidson Trip Due to Possible Protests White House Appears to Pull Back on Part of Policy on Vetting President Trump’s Labor Secretary Choice Outsourced Jobs President Trump Agenda: Border Wall and Sanctuary Cities White House Says President Trump Will Not Release His Tax Returns © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Bloomberg the Company & Its ProductsBloomberg Anywhere Remote LoginBloomberg Anywhere LoginBloomberg Terminal Demo Request Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Philanthropy & Engagement Bloomberg London Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Philanthropy & Engagement Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Bloomberg London Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Advertising Bloomberg Media Distribution Bloomberg Live Conferences Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center MENU Homepage Markets Stocks Currencies Commodities Rates + Bonds Economics Magazine Benchmark Watchlist Economic Calendar Tech U.S. Global Startups Cybersecurity Digital Media Bloomberg Technology TV Hello World Studio 1.0 Pursuits Cars & Bikes Style & Grooming Spend Watches & Gadgets Food & Drinks Travel Real Estate Art & Design Politics With All Due Respect Global Risk Briefing How We’ll Know if Trump Is Making America Great Again Tracking Trump’s Web of Conflicts The Inauguration of Donald J. Trump On the March in Trump’s Capital Opinion View Gadfly Businessweek Subscribe Cover Stories Opening Remarks Etc Features 85th Anniversary Issue Behind The Cover More Science + Energy Graphics Game Plan Small Business Personal Finance Inspire GO The David Rubenstein Show Sponsored Content Bloomberg About The Company Sign In Sign In Subscribe Retailer-Backed Coalition Launches Campaign Against Border Tax by Matthew Townsend @matt_townsend More stories by Matthew Townsend and Lindsey Rupp @lcrupp More stories by Lindsey Rupp February 1, 2017, 1:39 PM EST Groups aim to show how much legislation would cost consumers Tax proposal has created rift between importers and exporters A broad coalition of lobbyists for retailers like Wal-Mart Stores Inc., energy companies and the auto industry is launching a battle against a proposed U.S. tax on imports, aiming to sway both federal lawmakers and American consumers. The Retail Industry Leaders Association and more than 120 other trade groups are backing the campaign, called “Americans for Affordable Products,” which will center on how a border-adjusted tax could increase prices for consumers. Part of the message: that export-focused companies may get their federal taxes drastically cut, maybe even to zero. Behind the scenes, the campaign will rely in part on lobbying by industry executives. The fight is drawing battle lines across corporate America, with net importers on one side and exporters on the other. And there are billions of dollars at stake: The proposed overhaul of the corporate tax code, supported by House Speaker Paul Ryan, would reward companies that sell products outside the U.S. while punishing ones that rely on low-cost overseas suppliers. The idea is to put a levy on U.S. businesses’ domestic sales and imported goods, while exempting exports from their taxable income. “This corporate tax reform is supposed to help all companies, but this particular provision would make it much more regressive on industries like retail, oil and gas, and apparel,” said Caitlin Webber, a trade analyst for Bloomberg Intelligence. “It’s going to be an absolutely huge fight.” T-Shirt Tax? Supporters say the 20 percent border-adjusted tax would encourage domestic production. But opponents complain that it would just force companies to pass the increases to consumers -- potentially boosting prices for everything from food and clothing to gasoline and auto parts -- without spurring a revival of domestic manufacturing. “You’re a consumer: Are you ready to pay 20 to 25 percent more for everything you buy?” said Steve Lamar, executive vice president of the American Apparel & Footwear Association. “Because almost everything you buy is imported.” The message to consumers: If you’re used to paying $10 for a T-shirt, it’s going to be $12 or $13. Those $80 pair of sneakers? They’re suddenly going to be closer to $100. Since the proposed tax change is coming from the House of Representatives, garnering support from the Republican-controlled Senate and the White House will be key. President Donald Trump is warming to the idea after previously criticizing it, a senior administration official told Bloomberg News last week. The border-adjusted tax is key to the Republicans’ proposal because it would help pay for a reduction in the corporate income tax rate. Mainstream Impact Opponents say their goal is making the issue more mainstream by showing the effect on U.S. households. The thinking is that House Republicans have underestimated how this idea could resonate with the American public. The most important business stories of the day. Get Bloomberg's daily newsletter. Sign Up Retailers are already on edge after the Trump administration floated the idea of a 20 percent temporary tariff on Mexican imports to pay for a wall on the southern border. The potential changes also come at a time when apparel chains and other brick-and-mortar retailers are struggling: About 5,000 stores have been shuttered in the past 18 months, according to Clarion Partners. Department stores such as Sears Holdings Corp. and Macy’s Inc. have been particularly hard-hit by consumers shifting their spending online. The industry won a major victory in 2011 when it pushed through the passage of financial reform that cut the fees that retailers pay when a shopper uses a debit card. In that “swipe-fee” standoff, the companies defeated some of the world’s financial institutions, including JPMorgan Chase & Co. and payment networks such as Visa Inc. Talk of Town Now retailers are taking on giants like General Electric Co., Boeing Co. and Dow Chemical Co. in a showdown that may dwarf the swipe-fee feud. The issue has galvanized much of the industry. At last month’s National Retail Federation convention in New York, the border-adjusted tax dominated conversations. Andrew Burns, a retail analyst at DA Davidson & Co., said 90 percent of the companies he covers are focused on tax reform and trade right now. The big debate is whether the tax proposals are “rhetoric” or a real threat, he said. Last week, lobbyists for retail, car dealers, apparel and footwear companies had a briefing for congressional staffers, and about 130 showed up -- squeezing into a room that would normally fit 75 people. This battle could cause a schism among Republicans. A handful of them in the Senate, which the party controls 52-48, have already raised doubts, including Georgia Republican David Perdue and Mike Lee, a Republican from Utah, who said in an editorial in the Federalist magazine that it “could ravage huge swaths of our economy.” Democrats on the Senate finance committee have already hammered the proposal, saying in a December memo that it was “risky, untested and especially vulnerable to unforeseen consequences” like causing consumer prices to skyrocket. “People don’t want to pay more at the grocery store or the gas station,” Bloomberg Intelligence’s Webber said. “If they are able to make that case effectively, they could be successful.” Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal. LEARN MORE Trending Now Trump Twitter Bursts Throw Decades-Old Alliances Into Chaos Who Will Pay for San Francisco's Tilting, Sinking Millennium Tower? America’s Top Prosecutor Defied Trump and Got Fired. Now She Gets Paid Trump Slams ‘Dumb Deal’ With Ally Australia After Testy Call Nordstrom Says It’s Cutting Ivanka Trump Brand Due to Poor Sales Terms of Service Trademarks Privacy Policy ©2017 Bloomberg L.P. All Rights Reserved Careers Made in NYC Advertise Ad Choices Website Feedback Help
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy   Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Guaranty Bancorp - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Guaranty Bancorp with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Metro Ag (MEO3) PT Set at €38.00 by equinet AG Berenberg Bank Analysts Give SAP SE (SAP) a €94.00 Price Target adidas AG (ADS) PT Set at €166.00 by Kepler Capital Markets Graco Inc. (GGG) Expected to Earn Q1 2017 Earnings of $0.78 Per Share HCA Holdings, Inc. to Post Q1 2017 Earnings of $1.81 Per Share, KeyCorp Forecasts (HCA) IDEX Corporation (IEX) Expected to Earn Q1 2017 Earnings of $0.93 Per Share Olin Corporation (OLN) Hits New 12-Month High After Strong Earnings ContraVir Pharmaceuticals Inc (CTRV) Given Consensus Rating of “Strong Buy” by Brokerages Cesca Therapeutics Inc. (KOOL) Given Consensus Recommendation of “Hold” by Brokerages Zacks: BGC Partners, Inc. (BGCP) Given $14.00 Average Target Price by Analysts Zacks: Orchid Island Capital, Inc. (ORC) Given Average Rating of “Strong Buy” by Analysts Zacks: AC Immune SA (ACIU) Given $23.00 Consensus Target Price by Analysts Royal Bank Of Canada Downgrades E.On Se (EONGY) to Underperform Pagegroup PLC (MPI) Price Target Raised to GBX 490 Diageo plc (DGE) Receives Buy Rating from HSBC Holdings plc Metro Ag (MEO3) Given a €38.00 Price Target at Oddo Securities Overstock.com, Inc. (OSTK) Major Shareholder Sells $15,228,861.84 in Stock Voya Prime Rate Trust (PPR) Declares Monthly Dividend of $0.03 Hanesbrands Inc. (HBI) Posts Quarterly Earnings Results, Misses Estimates By $0.05 EPS UNITIL Corporation (UTL) Announces Quarterly Earnings Results, Beats Estimates By $0.01 EPS Guaranty Bancorp (GBNK) Downgraded by Zacks Investment Research to “Sell” February 1st, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Latisha Jones Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Finance Tweet Zacks Investment Research downgraded shares of Guaranty Bancorp (NASDAQ:GBNK) from a hold rating to a sell rating in a report published on Tuesday. According to Zacks, “GUARANTY BANCORP is a bank holding company with one wholly owned bank subsidiary, Guaranty Bank and Trust Company. Guaranty Bank and Trust Company provides banking and other financial services, including real estate, construction, commercial and industrial, energy, consumer and agriculture loans, to consumers and small and medium-sized businesses, including the owners and employees of those businesses, through 36 community banking branches in the Colorado Front Range. Guaranty Bank also provides trust services, including personal trust administration, estate settlement, investment management accounts and self-directed IRAs. “ A number of other equities research analysts have also issued reports on GBNK. Sandler O’Neill raised shares of Guaranty Bancorp from a hold rating to a buy rating in a report on Thursday, October 27th. FIG Partners lowered shares of Guaranty Bancorp from an outperform rating to a market perform rating in a report on Wednesday, December 28th. One investment analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, one has given a hold rating and three have given a buy rating to the company’s stock. Guaranty Bancorp has an average rating of Hold and a consensus price target of $18.50. Guaranty Bancorp (NASDAQ:GBNK) remained flat at $24.20 during midday trading on Tuesday. 67,480 shares of the company’s stock were exchanged. The company has a market cap of $673.24 million, a price-to-earnings ratio of 23.05 and a beta of 1.10. Guaranty Bancorp has a 12 month low of $13.92 and a 12 month high of $25.00. The firm’s 50 day moving average price is $23.96 and its 200-day moving average price is $19.84. TRADEMARK VIOLATION NOTICE: “Guaranty Bancorp (GBNK) Downgraded by Zacks Investment Research to “Sell”” was posted by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are accessing this story on another site, it was stolen and reposted in violation of U.S. & international trademark and copyright legislation. The correct version of this story can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/02/01/guaranty-bancorp-gbnk-downgraded-by-zacks-investment-research-to-sell.html. In related news, EVP Christopher E. Erickson sold 1,875 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction on Monday, January 30th. The stock was sold at an average price of $24.00, for a total value of $45,000.00. Following the completion of the sale, the executive vice president now directly owns 22,435 shares in the company, valued at $538,440. The sale was disclosed in a filing with the SEC, which can be accessed through this link. Also, Director W Kirk Wycoff sold 5,500 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction on Monday, December 12th. The stock was sold at an average price of $22.50, for a total value of $123,750.00. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Over the last 90 days, insiders sold 2,123,418 shares of company stock valued at $44,091,288. 31.93% of the stock is owned by corporate insiders. Hedge funds have recently added to or reduced their stakes in the company. BlackRock Group LTD acquired a new stake in Guaranty Bancorp during the third quarter valued at $6,908,000. JPMorgan Chase & Co. increased its stake in Guaranty Bancorp by 37.7% in the second quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 120,025 shares of the financial services provider’s stock valued at $2,004,000 after buying an additional 32,875 shares during the period. Castle Creek Capital Partners IV LP increased its stake in Guaranty Bancorp by 1.3% in the fourth quarter. Castle Creek Capital Partners IV LP now owns 1,448,849 shares of the financial services provider’s stock valued at $35,062,000 after buying an additional 19,000 shares during the period. Bank of New York Mellon Corp increased its stake in Guaranty Bancorp by 6.5% in the second quarter. Bank of New York Mellon Corp now owns 84,212 shares of the financial services provider’s stock valued at $1,407,000 after buying an additional 5,113 shares during the period. Finally, RMB Capital Management LLC acquired a new stake in Guaranty Bancorp during the third quarter valued at $1,710,000. Institutional investors and hedge funds own 63.46% of the company’s stock. About Guaranty Bancorp Guaranty Bancorp is the bank holding for Guaranty Bank and Trust Company (the Bank). The Company’s segment is banking. The Company operates approximately 30 branches and over two investment management firms, including Private Capital Management LLC (PCM) and Cherry Hills Investment Advisors Inc (CHIA), in Colorado through the Bank. Get a free copy of the Zacks research report on Guaranty Bancorp (GBNK) For more information about research offerings from Zacks Investment Research, visit Zacks.com Receive News & Ratings for Guaranty Bancorp Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Guaranty Bancorp and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Trump Cancels Harley-Davidson Trip Due to Possible Protests White House Appears to Pull Back on Part of Policy on Vetting President Trump’s Labor Secretary Choice Outsourced Jobs President Trump Agenda: Border Wall and Sanctuary Cities White House Says President Trump Will Not Release His Tax Returns © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
News Sports Living Obits Item Banner Cars Jobs E-Edition Subscriber Services log in Site Archive Dow closes up 27 points on Apple's surge Wednesday Feb 1, 2017 at 12:41 PM Feb 1, 2017 at 4:34 PM The Associated Press NEW YORK — Investors didn't react much to a strong hiring survey or the Federal Reserve's decision to leave interest rates unchanged Wednesday, and U.S. stocks finished little changed Wednesday. Apple soared after it said iPhone sales improved in its latest quarter. Stocks jumped in morning trading after payroll provider ADP said hiring by private employers grew stronger in January. Bond prices climbed. But the market's gains thinned, partly because investors sold shares of companies that pay big dividends as bond yields rose. Stocks briefly turned higher after the Fed's announcement, but that also faded. The only constant was the big gain for Apple, which pushed technology companies higher. The Federal Reserve left its key interest rate unchanged, just as investors expected. The central bank noted that the job market is getting stronger and inflation is gradually rising, but said it wants more time to monitor the economy. That's what investors expected. Kate Warne, an investment strategist for Edward Jones, noted that the central bank just increased rates in December and the Trump administration's spending and fiscal plans still haven't been spelled out. "They'll wait until they actually know what's going to happen," she said of the Fed. The Dow Jones industrial average rose 26.85 points, or 0.1 percent, to 19,890.94. The Standard & Poor's 500 inched up 0.68 points to 2,279.55. The Nasdaq composite, which has a high concentration of technology companies, gained 27.86 points, or 0.5 percent, to 5,642.65. The Russell 2000 index of smaller company stocks dipped 0.60 points to 1,361.23. Most stocks listed on the New York Stock Exchange fell. Apple made its biggest one-day jump six months after its first-quarter profit and sales were better than analysts expected. The company said consumers snapped up its new iPhone 7 and 7 Plus, and that ended the first-ever slump in iPhone sales. Apple stock rose $7.44, or 6.1 percent, to $128.79. Apple was singlehandledly responsible for the Dow gain and it helped take technology stocks higher. Investors haven't focused on company earnings recently because of the flood of political news and other factors, but Warne said results like Apple's will help the market. "The fact that we're seeing solid earnings and they're coming in better than expected ... will help sustain stocks over time," she said. Chipmaker Advanced Micro Devices reported a profit when analysts expected a loss, and its sales were greater than expected. Its stock climbed $1.69, or 16.3 percent, to $12.06. The ADP jobs survey was better than expected, and the construction, manufacturing, health care and shipping industries all added jobs at a solid pace. The U.S. government will release its own monthly jobs report Friday. Investors reacted to the hiring report by selling bonds, which are relatively safe investments that are in greater demand when the economy seems weaker. The yield on the 10-year Treasury note rose to 2.48 percent from 2.44 percent. Stocks that pay large dividends traded lower as bond yields rose. Dominion Resources dropped $4.43, or 5.8 percent, to $71.85. Dominion also released a weak quarterly report. Oil prices stayed within a small range. U.S. crude added $1.07, or 2 percent, to close at $53.88 a barrel in New York. Brent crude, the benchmark for international oil prices, gained $1.22, or 2.2 percent, to $56.80 a barrel in London. U.S. oil has stayed between roughly $52 and $55 a barrel for the last two months.  The S&P 500's energy company index fell for the fifth day in a row. It's down almost 3.5 percent over that time and has sunk 7 percent since Dec. 13. Lightweight aluminum products maker Arconic surged after its largest shareholder said the company needs new leadership. Elliott Management nominated five potential directors to Arconic's board. The company said it stands by CEO Klaus Kleinfeld and that Elliott's moves are not in the best interest of all shareholders. Since Arconic split from Alcoa on Nov. 1, Arconic stock was almost flat and Alcoa has jumped almost 70 percent. Arconic gained $2.55, or 11.2 percent, to $25.28. The dollar rose to 113.09 yen from 112.76 yen. The euro fell to $1.0744 from $1.0803. In other energy trading, wholesale gasoline rose 3 cents, or 1.9 percent, to $1.58 a gallon. Heating oil added 4 cents, or 2.6 percent, to $1.67 a gallon. Natural gas rose 5 cents, or 1.6 percent, to $3.17 per 1,000 cubic feet. The price of gold slipped $3.10 to $1,208.30 an ounce. Silver lost 9 cents to $17.45 an ounce. Copper fell 2 cents to $2.71 1 pound. Stocks in Europe got a boost from the hiring survey and a report that said manufacturing in China grew at its fastest pace in two years in January. Heavy government spending and more lending by banks helped keep the economy steady. Germany's DAX added 1.1 percent while the CAC 40 of France rose 1 percent. The FTSE 100 index in Britain picked up 0.1 percent. Japan's Nikkei 225 rose 0.6 percent after a skid on Tuesday. The Kospi in South Korea jumped 0.6 percent. Hong Kong's Hang Seng fell 0.2 percent. About Us Sign up for daily e-mail Subscribe Reader Services Register/Subscribe Subscriber Services T&G E-Edition Worcester Living E-Edition NIE Business Matters Coupon Values FAQ Photo reprints (non-commercial use) Commercial photo licenses Advertising Advertising Contacts Propel Marketing - Digital Marketplace Media Kit Place an Ad Jobs Real Estate Pets Legal Notices News Contact Us Letters to the Editor Submit a Press Release Events Copyright/Terms of Use Marketing About Us Visions Contact Us The Item The Banner Reprints & Licensing Propel Marketing © Copyright 2006-2017 GateHouse Media, LLC. Some rights reserved  •  GateHouse News Original content available for non-commercial use under a Creative Commons license, except where noted. telegram.com ~ 100 Front St., Floor 5, Worcester MA 01608 ~ Privacy Policy ~ Terms Of Service Close Home News Worcester Police & Fire Courts Government Education New England Nation & World Shareable Databases Region North South/West East/Valley Columnists Local Photos Local Video Sports Hometeam Red Sox Patriots Bruins Celtics Columnists Auto Racing Opinion Editorials Columnists As I See It Letters Cartoons Blogs Living Things to do Movie showtimes Entertainment Food Lifestyle Columnists Calendar Business Local Business Business Matters Business People Markets Columnists Obituaries Submit Obituary Obituary FAQ More Photos Videos TV Listings Movies Then & Now Worcester Worcester Living Hometeam Traffic Lottery The Item The Banner Services Merchants Dining Contests Branded Content Celebrations Classifieds Propel T&G Santa Subscriber E-Edition Subscriber Services Register/Subscribe Market Place Classifieds Marketplace Cars Jobs Homes Place an Ad Propel Marketing Services Feedback Terms of Use Privacy Policy GateHouse Media Publications
Benzinga Benzinga Pro Marketfy Financial Data & APIs Fintech Awards Premarket Prep Membership is Free What are you waiting for? Sign up now! Username: Username available! Username taken! Email: Email available! Email taken! Password: Leave blank: OR Free Account Login Click here to access your premium account Username or email: Password: OR Forgot password?' Looking for ? CLICK HERE Contribute Login Sign up Benzinga - Feed Your Mind. Home Best of Benzinga Careers About Contact Us Partners Benzinga Fintech Awards News Earnings Guidance Dividends M&A Buybacks Legal Interviews Management Retail Sales Offerings IPOs Insider Trades Biotech/FDA Markets Pre-Market After Hours Movers Forex Commodities Options Binary Options Bonds Futures Global Economics Previews Reviews Small-Cap Ratings Analyst Color Downgrades Upgrades Initiations Price Target Ideas Long Ideas Short Ideas Technicals From The Press Jim Cramer Rumors ETFs Tech Start-Ups Fintech Personal Finance Premium Products My Watchlist Long Ideas Short Ideas Technicals From The Press Jim Cramer Rumors ETFs Market Overview Tickers Articles Keywords Search by keyword...googlecse Why The Most Shorted U.S. Bank Might Be A Buy Jayson Derrick , Benzinga Staff Writer   {{following ? "Following" : "Follow"}} February 01, 2017 12:55pm   Comments Share: Related BOFI Earnings Scheduled For January 30, 2017 Watch These 7 Huge Put Purchases In Thursday Trade Finance Sector On The Cusp; Online Brokers Hit Hard On Fee Reductions (Investor's Business Daily) BofI Holding, Inc. (NASDAQ: BOFI), short for Bank of Internet USA, claims in its own words to be the "oldest and most trusted internet bank." The stock is the most shorted U.S. bank, according to Gadfly's Gillian Tan. Tan noted that short sellers have been pilling into the bank since it targets clients that are riskier than the typical lender. Moreover, past approved borrowers include clients who have received prison sentences for operating a Ponzi scheme and Medicare and Medicaid fraud. Needless to say, the not-so-attractive profile has led to the short interest as a percentage of free float nearing 40 percent and is a higher short profile compared to Banc of California Inc (NYSE: BANC) whose business has been allegedly linked with known fraudsters. However, Tan stated that BofI's earnings report (released on Monday) was highlighted by figures that "larger commercial banks can only dream of." In addition, the bank's ratio of non-performing assets to total assets read 0.4 percent which is lower than "industry stalwarts" including JPMorgan Chase & Co. (NYSE: JPM). Overhang Removed In addition, a major overhang surrounding the stock may have eased. Back in October 2015, a former internal auditor of the bank filed a lawsuit which alleged regulatory violations including false and misleading financial statements although the company denied any wrongdoing. However, Tan pointed out that the company's president and CEO Gregory Garrabrants told investors in conjunction with the earnings report the bank mains a "strong regulatory standing" with no enforcement actions, fines or recommendations for modifying business practices. "Now seems to be a good as time as any for shorts to reconsider," Tan concluded. Posted-In: Bank Of Internet Bank Of Internet USA Bloomberg Gadfly GadflyLong Ideas Short Ideas Media Trading Ideas © 2017 Benzinga.com. Benzinga does not provide investment advice. All rights reserved.   Related Articles (BOFI + BANC) 15 Biggest Mid-Day Gainers For Monday 25 Stocks Moving In Monday's Pre-Market Session Earnings Scheduled For January 30, 2017 Benzinga's Top Upgrades, Downgrades For January 26, 2017 Benzinga's Option Alert Recap From January 25 Jim Cramer Gives His Opinion On Banc Of California And Amgen View Comments and Join the Discussion! View the discussion thread. News from idealmedia.com Sign up for email alerts on BOFI Trending Recent 1 PBI, AAPL: 22 Stocks Moving In Wednesday's Pre-Market Session 2 RACE, XGTI: 22 Stocks Moving In Thursday's Pre-Market Session 3 UA, NKE: 2 Convincing Reasons Baird Thinks You Should Stick Wit... 4 AMZN: Amazon Higher Ahead Of Q4 Report 5 WBA, DPLO: CVS' Exposure To Drug Pricing And PB... 6 MJN, GPI: Benzinga's Top Upgrades, Dow... 7 UAA, UA: Under Armour Short Sellers... 1 AUD/USD Little Changed, Australian Services Index Slips 2 USD/JPY Little Higher, Japan's Services PMI Edges Down 3 FB: Everything You Need To Know About Snap's $3 Billion IPO Filing 4 TRUE, WTW: Benzinga's Option Alert Recap From February 2 5 TXT, FDX: Amid Threats Of Swamp Draining, Boom Times Loom For Lobby-Hea... 6 GPRO: GoPro Crushed After Missing Q4 Sales Estimates 7 FB, TWTR: Gasparino: Bankers Talk Twitter Sale, But Price W... View upcoming Earnings, Ratings, Dividend and Economic Calendars. Benzinga Benzinga is a fast-growing, dynamic and innovative financial media outlet that empowers investors with high-quality, unique content. Popular Channels Analyst Ratings Be Your Own Boss ETFs Economics Forex Hot News Options Press Releases Start-ups Tech Tools & Features Affiliate Program PreMarket Prep Feeds News Widget Real Time Feed Sitemap Submit News Tips About Benzinga About Us Licensing and APIs Apps (iOS and Android) Fintech Awards Blog In the News Careers Contact Us Disclaimer Privacy Policy Syndication Terms and Conditions Benzinga Partners 1 (877) 440-9464 (ZING) © Copyright Benzinga Benzinga - Feed Your Mind News Markets Ratings Ideas Tech Small-Cap Personal Finance Premium Products 15 Biggest Mid-Day Gainers For Wednesday Social Reality Wins A Buy Rating, $9 Price Target From Chardan
Jump to navigation Listen Live News Talk Sports Traffic  Jitters over Trump keep weigh on global stock markets Previous Article Share Twitter Facebook Google+ Reddit Forward  Next Article By The Canadian Press February 2, 2017 - 7:09am Previous 1 of 7 Next LONDON — Global stock markets were uneven Thursday as investors shied away from riskier assets amid renewed concerns over U.S. President Donald Trump's policies. KEEPING SCORE: In Europe, Germany's DAX was flat at 11,663 while the CAC 40 in France rose 0.2 per cent to 4,805. The FTSE 100 index of leading British shares was 0.6 per cent higher at 7,153. U.S. stocks were heading for a soft open, with Dow futures and the broader S&P 500 futures down 0.2 per cent. TRUMP TURBULENCE: Investors were rattled by the latest news from the Trump administration, including a phone call in which he warned Mexico's president he might send in troops and another about a tense exchange with Australia's leader over refugees. Following the Trump rally in the wake of his election victory last November, stock gains appear to be petering out with investors getting jittery in light of Trump's dramatic policy announcements since taking office. MARKET VIEW: "Trump's presidency comes with greater than normal risks," Shane Oliver, head of investment strategy at AMP Capital Investors in Sydney, said in a report. Eventually, he said "pragmatic pro-growth policies are likely to ultimately dominate populist policies." However, Oliver added that "the Trump honeymoon with investors is likely over with a short term period of correction/volatility likely to continue in shares, bond yields and the U.S. dollar." CENTRAL BANKING: On Wednesday, the Federal Reserve left interest rates on hold after its latest policy meeting — as investors had expected. Policymakers signalled that they still expect to gradually raise rates but gave no clear timeline. Meanwhile, the Bank of England kept its main interest rate on hold at a record low of 0.25 per cent on Thursday but revised up its growth forecasts for the British economy, which has held up better than many forecasters predicted in the aftermath of last June's vote to leave the European Union. DEUTSCHE DOWN AGAIN: Germany's biggest lender, Deutsche Bank, saw its share price fall by around 5 per cent after the company posted another hefty loss in 2016. The bank reported a loss of 1.4 billion euros ($1.5 billion) for all of 2016. Much of that loss was due to a fourth-quarter deficit of 1.89 billion euros largely related to the sale of its Abbey Life unit and costs associated with legal fines and penalties. ASIA'S DAY: Japan's benchmark Nikkei 225 index slipped 1.2 per cent to 18,914.58 as the stronger yen weighed on exporters, while South Korea's Kospi dipped 0.5 per cent to 2,071.01. Hong Kong's Hang Seng lost 0.6 per cent to 23,184.52 and Australia's S&P/ASX 200 edged 0.1 per cent lower to 5,645.40. Markets in mainland China were closed for the final day of a weeklong holiday. CURRENCIES: The euro rose 0.3 per cent to $1.0810 while the dollar fell 0.6 per cent to 112.36 yen. ENERGY: Benchmark U.S. crude rose 15 cents to $54.03 a barrel on the New York Mercantile Exchange, while Brent crude, the benchmark for international oil prices, advanced 38 cents to $57.18 a barrel in London. The Associated Press ©2017 The Canadian Press Share Twitter Facebook Google+ Reddit Forward Topics:  International Join the Discussion 650 CKOM is happy to provide a forum for commenting and discussion. Please respect and abide by the house rules: Keep it clean, keep it civil, keep it truthful, stay on topic, be responsible, share your knowledge, and please suggest removal of comments that violate these standards. See full commenting rules. View the discussion thread. Listen live News Talk Sports Traffic Weather Search Local Provincial National International All Topics RSS Feeds The Brent Loucks Show 6:00am 8:30am Gormley 8:30am 12:30pm Saskatchewan Afternoon 1:00pm 3:00pm The Green Zone 3:00pm 6:00pm All Shows Schedule Podcasts On Demand Contests Events Adopt A Family Auction Insider The Green Zone Game Day with Wray Prime Time Sports Riders Local Provincial National Traffic Updates Highway Hotline Report a Pothole Latest Traffic Feb 02 Road Work For Thursday Feb 01 Road Work For Wednesday Jan 31 Road Work For Tuesday loading weather... © 650 CKOM . All Rights Reserved. Contact  //  Rss  //  Rules  //  ToS  //  Privacy
Latest News Dow 19,885 -6.03 -0.03% Nasdaq 5,636 -6.45 -0.11% S&P 500 2,281 +1.30 +0.06% 4:26 A.M. ET Mitsubishi UFJ profit slips, hit by negative rates 4:23 A.M. ET Banco Popular shares tumble 5% after reporting massive loss 4:19 A.M. ET Updated FTSE 100 moves higher as bank shares rise on Dodd-Frank hopes 4:02 A.M. ET Eurozone final services PMI at 53.7 in January vs. 53.6 flash reading 2/02 Updated California leads states’ fight to break Trump’s authoritarian wave 3:37 A.M. ET Updated Asian markets close mixed as Trump jitters persist 3:07 A.M. ET Banco Popular drops 8% after wider-than-expected yearly loss of €5.3 bln 3:04 A.M. ET Stoxx Europe 600 up 0.5% in early trade 3:03 A.M. ET Carlos Slim's América Móvil swings to loss 3:03 A.M. ET Germany's DAX opens 0.1% higher at 11,642.77 3:02 A.M. ET Germany takes U.K.'s commercial real-estate crown 3:02 A.M. ET France's CAC 40 opens 0.3% higher at 18,312.09 3:02 A.M. ET U.K.'s FTSE 100 opens 0.1% lower at 7,136.97 3:01 A.M. ET Stoxx Europe 600 opens 0.2% higher at 362.59 2:41 A.M. ET Updated Brexit bill clears key hurdle in parliament— what happens next? 2:16 A.M. ET Updated Metro profit rises despite weak holiday sales 2:11 A.M. ET Updated Trump administration plans to scale back Dodd-Frank law 2:01 A.M. ET China tightens monetary policy via repo-rates rise 1:44 A.M. ET Sharp records first quarterly profit in 2 years 1:43 A.M. ET Updated Global gold investment demand for 2016 hit highest level in 4 years: report Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement Retire Here, Not There Encore Taxes How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate Location Scouts realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Bulletin Snap Inc. files for an initial public offering Home Press Release Junior Achievement Honors 64 Organizations With U.S. President's Volunteer Service Award By Published: Feb 1, 2017 12:30 p.m. ET Share Feb 01, 2017 (Marketwired via COMTEX) -- Volunteers at these organizations provided students with critical mentoring and positive role models COLORADO SPRINGS, CO--(Marketwired - February 01, 2017) - Junior Achievement USA® (JA) announced today that it will honor 64 organizations with the 2015-2016 U.S. President's Volunteer Service Awards. The organizations receiving the awards provided Junior Achievement with significant volunteer resources during the 2015-2016 school year. The recipients will be recognized at an evening awards ceremony as part of the JA Volunteer Summit, presented by American Express, on March 7, 2017 in New York, NY. This awards ceremony takes place in conjunction with JA USA's quarterly national board of directors' meeting. In 2003, President George W. Bush established the President's Council on Service and Civic Participation (the Council) to recognize the valuable contributions volunteers make in communities and to encourage more people to serve. The Council created the President's Volunteer Service Award program as a way to thank and honor individuals who, by their demonstrated commitment and example, inspire others to engage in volunteer service. In 2006, Junior Achievement became an official certifying organization for this award, which recognizes corporations with a U.S. presence that provide volunteers to teach JA programs anywhere in the world. "Junior Achievement volunteers are important mentors for young people, bringing our programs to life. Each year, more than 237,000 JA volunteers share their experiences and skills with students while delivering our programs, teaching them how to manage their money, succeed in the workforce, or start a business that creates jobs and grows the economy," said Jack Kosakowski, President and CEO of Junior Achievement USA. "The recipients of the President's Volunteer Service Awards are leaders in this effort and critical to helping JA inspire and prepare young people to succeed in a global economy." The following organizations are recipients of the 2015-2016 U.S. President's Volunteer Service Awards, as determined by Junior Achievement USA: Gold Award Recipients (15,000 Volunteer Hours or More)                                                             
                                                                                                                   
Accenture                                                  Ernst & Young LLP                                      PwC
AT&T                                                       ExxonMobil                                             Starbucks
Bank of America                                     Financial Services Roundtable                   SunTrust Banks, Inc.
Barclays                                                   GE                                                     U.S. Bancorp
Capital One                                         HSBC Bank USA, N.A. and HSBC Holdings plc       Walt Disney World
Citi                                                       KPMG LLP                                        Wells Fargo
Deloitte                                                   MetLife                                                 
Destination & Travel Foundation                            National Credit Union Foundation                        
                                                                                                     
Silver Award Recipients (10,000 Volunteer Hours or More)                                                           
                                                                                                     
AXA Group                                           Huntington Bancshares                           Woodforest National Bank
BBVA Compass                                        Regions Bank                                     
Broward College                                     University of Central Florida
Caterpillar Inc.                                    UPS                                                     
                                                                                                     
Bronze Award Recipients (5,000 Volunteer Hours or More)                                                            
                                                                                                     
ADP                                                        Fifth Third Bank                                Robert Morris University-Illinois
AIG                                                        General Motors                                  Santander Bank, N.A.
Allstate Insurance Company                          Goldman Sachs                                   SAP America
American Express                                    HP Inc.                                         Schlumberger
Boys & Girls Clubs of America                              JPMorgan Chase & Co.                            Target Corporation
BP                                                         LyondellBasell Industries                       Technip USA
Centerpoint Energy                                  ManpowerGroup Inc.                              Texas A&M University-Corpus Christi
Chevron Phillips Chemical Company LP                MasterCard Worldwide                            UBS AG
Deere & Company                                            Microsoft                                              YMCA of the USA
The Dow Chemical Company                            MUFG                                                    
FedEx                                                      PepsiCo                                                 
Fidelity Investments                                       Quicken Loans Inc.                               

 About Junior Achievement USA® (JA) Junior Achievement is the world's largest organization dedicated to giving young people the knowledge and skills they need to own their economic success, plan for their future, and make smart academic and economic choices. JA programs are delivered by corporate and community volunteers, and provide relevant, hands-on experiences that give students from kindergarten through high school knowledge and skills in financial literacy, work readiness, and entrepreneurship. Today, JA reaches 4.8 million students per year in more than 100 markets across the United States, with an additional 5.6 million students served by operations over 100 other countries worldwide. Visit www.ja.org for more information. Contact: Ed Grocholski Junior Achievement USA 719-540-6165 ed.grocholski@ja.org @JA_USA © 2017 Nasdaq, Inc. All rights reserved. Most Popular Why the oil market shrugs at Trump’s warning to Iran Snap IPO: Six things we now know about Snapchat parent company Elon Musk distances himself from Donald Trump The path won’t be straight, but gold’s bullish trajectory is set As GoPro drowns, is it begging for Apple to save it? MarketWatch Partner Center Luxury Real Estate Ivanka Trump, Jared Kushner reportedly buy $5.6 million house in D.C. View More Barron's Next Why a deal for Kate Spade looks almost inevitable View More Real Estate The surprising cities where you’ll find America’s newest and oldest homes View More SectorWatch Here's what Trump means for health care View More Sponsored Headlines MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News Online WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2017 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. Intraday data delayed per exchange requirements. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real time last sale data provided by NASDAQ. More information on NASDAQ traded symbols and their current financial status. Intraday data delayed 15 minutes for Nasdaq, and 20 minutes for other exchanges. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. SEHK intraday data is provided by SIX Financial Information and is at least 60-minutes delayed. All quotes are in local exchange time. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found LatestNews
Subscribe Manage Account LOG IN Don't Miss A mixed close for stocks on Wall Street Manager named for $19.5M community health fund Officials forming ‘ad hoc’ drag-racing committee Northwell opens heart hospital LI sales rep sentenced in vending machine scam Priciest home sales in Sea Cliff New York AG joins lawsuit challenging Trump’s immigrant ban Priciest home sales in Manhasset Stocks open modestly lower Thursday Productivity slows to 1.2 percent rate in Q4 Long Island Business News The premier source of Long Island news and data on business, economic trends and the region’s robust entrepreneurial sector. News Economy Education Energy Finance Government Healthcare Law Nonprofit Opinion Real Estate Small Business Technology Transportation Video Events Events Directory Events Calendar Events Photo Gallery Lists Lists Back Issues Advertising Rates Digital Marketing Reprints Classifieds Calendar Networking Events Editorial Calendar E-edition Digital Edition Digital Edition Archives Special Publications Public Notice E-alerts Home / Stocks Scroller / Stocks dip after an early gain Wednesday Get our free LIBN e-alerts & breaking news notifications! AP Photo Stocks dip after an early gain Wednesday By: The Associated Press February 1, 2017 0 Stocks are down slightly Wednesday after an early rally ran out of steam. Technology stocks are up after Apple said iPhone sales improved in its last quarter, which sent its stock to its highest price in more than a year. Most other stocks are trading lower. Companies that pay big dividends, like utilities, are taking some of the biggest losses. KEEPING SCORE: The Dow Jones industrial average lost 2 points to 19,861 as of 12:20 p.m. Eastern time. The Standard & Poor’s 500 index lost 4 points, or 0.2 percent, to 2,274. The Nasdaq composite added 12 points, or 0.2 percent, to 5,626. The Russell 2000 index of smaller company stocks declined 3 points, or 0.2 percent, to $1,359. The market has made only small moves in recent days as investors wait for the Federal Reserve to wrap up its latest policy meeting later Wednesday. APPLE POLISHED: Apple jumped to its highest price in a year and a half after it said consumers snapped up its new iPhone 7 and 7 Plus over the last three months. That ended the first-ever slump in iPhone sales, and Apple’s first-quarter results were stronger than analysts expected. Its stock rose $7.32, or 6 percent, to $128.67. The big gains for Apple, the world’s most valuable publicly-traded company, took technology stocks higher. Chipmaker Advanced Micro Devices also climbed $1.42, or 13.6 percent, to $11.79. AMD reported a profit when analysts expected a loss, and its sales were greater than expected. JOB GAINS: A survey showed private U.S. employers hired new workers at a faster pace in January, a sign that the economy could be getting stronger. The hiring was greater than expected, and the construction, manufacturing, health care and shipping industries all adding jobs at a solid pace. The U.S. government will release its own monthly jobs report Friday. BONDS: Investors reacted to the hiring report by selling government bonds, which are relatively safe investments that are in greater demand when the economy seems weaker. Bond prices fell. The yield on the 10-year Treasury note jumped to 2.50 percent from 2.44 percent. Financial stocks rose, as higher interest rates allow banks to charge more money for lending. Lincoln National climbed $1.53, or 2.3 percent, to $69.04 and JPMorgan Chase rose 66 cents to $85.29. Stocks that pay large dividends traded lower as bond yields rose. Dominion Resources dropped $4.26, or 5.6 percent, to $72 after a weak quarterly report. THE PITS: Mailing equipment and software company Pitney Bownes slid $2.71, or 17.1 percent, to $13.21 after its quarterly sales fell short of expectations and its profit forecast disappointed Wall Street. ENERGY: Oil prices stayed within a small range. U.S. crude added 19 cents to $53 a barrel in New York. Brent crude, the benchmark for international oil prices, gained 32 cents to $55.90 a barrel in London. U.S. oil has stayed between roughly $52 and $55 a barrel for the last two months. The S&P 500’s energy company index is on track to fall for the fifth day in a row. It’s down 4 percent over that time and has sunk 7 percent since Dec. 13. ALUMINUM ACTIVISM: Lightweight aluminum products maker Arconic surged after its largest shareholder said the company needs new leadership. Elliott Management nominated five potential directors to Arconic’s board. The company said it stands by CEO Klaus Kleinfeld and that Elliott’s moves are not in the best interest of all shareholders. Arconic makes lightweight engineered products for aerospace and autos, which some investors saw as more promising than Alcoa’s mining and smelting business. But since the companies split on Nov. 1, Arconic stock is almost flat and Alcoa has jumped more than 60 percent. Arconic gained $2.11, or 9.3 percent, to $24.84. CURRENCIES: The dollar gained strength after the jobs survey. It rose to 113.43 yen from 112.76 yen. The euro fell to $1.0752 from $1.0803. OVERSEAS: Stocks in Europe got a boost from the ADP survey and a report that said manufacturing in China grew at its fastest pace in two years in January. Heavy government spending and more lending by banks helped keep the economy steady. Germany’s DAX added 1 percent while the CAC 40 of France rose 0.9 percent. The FTSE 100 index in Britain picked up 0.1 percent. Japan’s Nikkei 225 rose 0.6 percent after a skid on Tuesday. The Kospi in South Korea jumped 0.6 percent. Hong Kong’s Hang Seng fell 0.2 percent. Share this: Email Print LinkedIn Facebook Twitter Google 12:34 pm Wed, February 1, 2017 The Associated Press A mixed close for stocks on Wall Street February 2, 2017 Manager named for $19.5M community health fund February 2, 2017 Officials forming ‘ad hoc’ drag-racing committee February 2, 2017 Northwell opens heart hospital February 2, 2017 LI sales rep sentenced in vending machine scam February 2, 2017 Priciest home sales in Sea Cliff February 2, 2017 Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment Name * Email * Website   Notify me of follow-up comments by email. Notify me of new posts by email. Editor’s Picks Our best, right now. Manager named for $19.5M community health fund by Claude Solnik | Feb. 2 Officials forming ‘ad hoc’ drag-racing committee by Adina Genn | Feb. 2 Northwell opens heart hospital by Claude Solnik | Feb. 2 LI sales rep sentenced in vending machine scam by Adina Genn | Feb. 2 Priciest home sales in Sea Cliff by David Winzelberg | Feb. 2 Movers & Shakers Sheehan & Co. promotes one Grassi adds partner Mather Hospital taps three African American Chamber of Commerce taps one Digital Edition The look and feel of print, on your screen. Current edition Subscribe now Special Publications Access the latest Special Publication Subscribe now LIBN on Flickr Follow Us Subscribe To RSS Feed 16,717 Followers 2,660 Fans The Poll Do you place bets on the Super Bowl? Yes - I buy into every Super Bowl box I can! Yes - I bet more than $50 Yes - I bet between $1 - $50 No - I don't gamble No - I hate the Super Bowl! View Results  Loading ... Tweets by LIBN My Account LOG IN SUBSCRIBE MANAGE ACCOUNT PRIVACY POLICY SUBSCRIBER AGREEMENT Recent Posts A mixed close for stocks on Wall Street Manager named for $19.5M community health fund Officials forming ‘ad hoc’ drag-racing committee Northwell opens heart hospital LI sales rep sentenced in vending machine scam Priciest home sales in Sea Cliff LIBN ABOUT CONTACT US EVENTS REPRINTS ADVERTISE Copyright © 2017 Long Island Business News | 2150 Smithtown Avenue, Suite 7, Ronkonkoma, NY 11779 a mile south of the Long Island Expressway at exit 60 x Check Also New York AG joins lawsuit challenging Trump’s immigrant ban Says ban violates federal laws, harms NY schools, businesses  Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
OBITUARIES VIEW OBITUARIES PLACE AN OBITUARY Classifieds Autos Homes For Sale For Rent Jobs CELEBRATIONS VIEW CELEBRATIONS PLACE A CELEBRATION Place An Ad Self-Serve Contact & Deadlines Newspaper Ads Classifieds VIEW OBITUARIES PLACE AN OBITUARY Classifieds Autos For Sale For Rent Jobs VIEW CELEBRATIONS PLACE A CELEBRATION Self-Serve Contact & Deadlines Newspaper Ads Subscribe Manage Subscriptions Home News B.C. National World Opinion Blogs Letters Business Sports Entertainment Go! Life Islander Horoscope | Crossword Travel Homes Driving Magazines Flyers E-edition WEB EDITION SIGN-IN LATEST NEWS: Fire guts Oak Bay house; man escapes, dog saved $60,000 universal change room approved for Crystal Pool Victoria wants authority to impose taxes on vacant, derelict properties Horgan promises new targets to cut greenhouse gas emissions Heron Cove bridge for harbour pathway gets OK Lindsay Buziak murder: father holds annual walk to ensure she’s not forgotten Jitters over Trump keep weigh on global stock markets Marley Jay / The Associated Press February 1, 2017 07:10 AM A man looks at an electronic stock indicator of a securities firm in Tokyo, Thursday, Feb. 2, 2017. Asian markets wavered and the dollar lost some steam Thursday after the Fed kept its key lending rate on hold as expected at its latest policy meeting. (AP Photo/Shizuo Kambayashi) Previous Next A man looks at an electronic stock indicator of a securities firm in Tokyo, Thursday, Feb. 2, 2017. Asian markets wavered and the dollar lost some steam Thursday after the Fed kept its key lending rate on hold as expected at its latest policy meeting. (AP Photo/Shizuo Kambayashi) LONDON - Global stock markets were uneven Thursday as investors shied away from riskier assets amid renewed concerns over U.S. President Donald Trump's policies. KEEPING SCORE: In Europe, Germany's DAX was flat at 11,663 while the CAC 40 in France rose 0.2 per cent to 4,805. The FTSE 100 index of leading British shares was 0.6 per cent higher at 7,153. U.S. stocks were heading for a soft open, with Dow futures and the broader S&P 500 futures down 0.2 per cent. TRUMP TURBULENCE: Investors were rattled by the latest news from the Trump administration, including a phone call in which he warned Mexico's president he might send in troops and another about a tense exchange with Australia's leader over refugees. Following the Trump rally in the wake of his election victory last November, stock gains appear to be petering out with investors getting jittery in light of Trump's dramatic policy announcements since taking office. MARKET VIEW: "Trump's presidency comes with greater than normal risks," Shane Oliver, head of investment strategy at AMP Capital Investors in Sydney, said in a report. Eventually, he said "pragmatic pro-growth policies are likely to ultimately dominate populist policies." However, Oliver added that "the Trump honeymoon with investors is likely over with a short term period of correction/volatility likely to continue in shares, bond yields and the U.S. dollar." CENTRAL BANKING: On Wednesday, the Federal Reserve left interest rates on hold after its latest policy meeting — as investors had expected. Policymakers signalled that they still expect to gradually raise rates but gave no clear timeline. Meanwhile, the Bank of England kept its main interest rate on hold at a record low of 0.25 per cent on Thursday but revised up its growth forecasts for the British economy, which has held up better than many forecasters predicted in the aftermath of last June's vote to leave the European Union. DEUTSCHE DOWN AGAIN: Germany's biggest lender, Deutsche Bank, saw its share price fall by around 5 per cent after the company posted another hefty loss in 2016. The bank reported a loss of 1.4 billion euros ($1.5 billion) for all of 2016. Much of that loss was due to a fourth-quarter deficit of 1.89 billion euros largely related to the sale of its Abbey Life unit and costs associated with legal fines and penalties. ASIA'S DAY: Japan's benchmark Nikkei 225 index slipped 1.2 per cent to 18,914.58 as the stronger yen weighed on exporters, while South Korea's Kospi dipped 0.5 per cent to 2,071.01. Hong Kong's Hang Seng lost 0.6 per cent to 23,184.52 and Australia's S&P/ASX 200 edged 0.1 per cent lower to 5,645.40. Markets in mainland China were closed for the final day of a weeklong holiday. CURRENCIES: The euro rose 0.3 per cent to $1.0810 while the dollar fell 0.6 per cent to 112.36 yen. ENERGY: Benchmark U.S. crude rose 15 cents to $54.03 a barrel on the New York Mercantile Exchange, while Brent crude, the benchmark for international oil prices, advanced 38 cents to $57.18 a barrel in London. © Copyright Times Colonist Email to a Friend Your Email Address: * Your Name: * To Email Address: * Message: * * Please separate multiple email addresses with the semi-colon character. Close next Fire guts Oak Bay house; man escapes, dog saved › next Pumped for Dublin! Click for contest rules Capital Home Winter 2016 The Luxury Edition Your Museum at 130 Royal B.C. Museum celebrates a birthday On the Front Lines of Fentanyl Inside the drug-overdose crisis Most Popular Top News Top Business Top Sports Officer might be charged in connection with crash that killed Sarah Beckett Fire guts Oak Bay house; man escapes, dog saved Fake-name man who worked as Victoria nurse pleads guilty in child-porn case One person dead after workplace accident in Parksville Lindsay Buziak murder: father holds annual walk to ensure she’s not forgotten Victoria police surround house in hunt for domestic-violence suspect NewLeaf erases its flights from YYJ summer schedule Victoria man killed in attack in Norway Canada advances to Sydney Sevens quarters with wins over Papua New Guinea, France Duvernay-Tardif follows in Darche's footsteps as future doctor playing football NewLeaf erases its flights from YYJ summer schedule For-sale inventory at record low, region’s home prices rise 21% Demand for bigger taxi vehicles launches city’s new cab company Downtown developer plans 21-storey towers After 56 years, last call at Tally Ho Film industry in Greater Victoria on hunt for workers Duvernay-Tardif follows in Darche's footsteps as future doctor playing football Vancouver online shoe-seller declares bankruptcy Six stories in the news today, Dec. 8 Canada advances to Sydney Sevens quarters with wins over Papua New Guinea, France Victoria Royals are not alone in attendance woes Young Argentina up first for Canada at Americas Rugby Championship Canada advances to Sydney Sevens quarters with wins over Papua New Guinea, France UK envoy who quit top EU post resigns from civil service Six stories in the news today, Dec. 8 Read ends drought, lifts Flyers to 3-1 win over Canadiens Sales soar for Milo book 'Dangerous'; publisher mum on tour Duvernay-Tardif follows in Darche's footsteps as future doctor playing football Goodale assails O'Leary for posting gun range video on day of mosque funeral No Bull: Belmont lineman ready for NCAA career at Fresno State Your timescolonist.com More News Iconic Motoring Click here for the first issue Spiritually Speaking  Standing together on our shared journey strengthens community Making a positive difference by acting together The power of rituals to mark important moments in our lives Don’t Miss ›› daily ›› Your daily horoscope ›› Today’s obituaries ›› Daily crossword online ›› E-edition of today’s newspaper ›› Sign up for the free newsletter Times Colonist on Twitter Times Colonist on Twitter Community Event Calendar Find out what's happening in your community and submit your own local events. Add an event See all community events GET THE TIMES COLONIST DAILY NEWSLETTER Get the day's top Times Colonist headlines emailed to you every day at 9 a.m. GET A JOB DELIVERING TC FLYERS The Times Colonist is looking for people to deliver flyers every Thursday ... News And Tools Life News Obituaries Newspaper Ads Job Listings Car Listings Properties For Sale Place An Ad Infomart Other myLOCALFLYERS.ca About Us Subscribe Victoria Early Years Contact Us Advertise With Us Terms and Conditions Sponsorship Information Connect Back to top Glacier Community Media © Copyright 2013-2017 TC Publication Limited Partnership. All rights reserved. Unauthorized distribution, transmission or republication strictly prohibited. Sponsored content is content which is paid for and has been written by or on behalf of an advertiser. For more information on sponsored content, contact us at tshoults@glaciermedia.ca.
Most Popular News News Latest Headlines Opinion California News Environment & Science Nation & World Education Crime & Courts Health Politics Transportation Traffic Map Weather Local Bay Area San Jose Santa Clara County Peninsula San Mateo County Alameda County Santa Cruz County Sports Sports San Francisco 49ers San Francisco Giants Golden State Warriors Oakland Raiders Oakland Athletics San Jose Sharks San Jose Earthquakes College Sports High School Sports High School Scores Sports Scoreboard Sports Columnists Sports Blogs Business Business Technology Personal Technology Economy Startups Real Estate SiliconValley.com SiliconBeat Entertainment Entertainment Lifestyle Celebrities Television Movies Music Theater & Arts Event Listings Movie Listings Comics Horoscopes Puzzles and Games Obituaries Obituaries Local Obituaries Place an Obituary The Cannifornian The Mercury News Weather Today’s E Edition Subscribe Newsletter Most Popular News News Latest Headlines Opinion California News Environment & Science Nation & World Education Crime & Courts Health Politics Transportation Traffic Map Weather Local Bay Area San Jose Santa Clara County Peninsula San Mateo County Alameda County Santa Cruz County Sports Sports San Francisco 49ers San Francisco Giants Golden State Warriors Oakland Raiders Oakland Athletics San Jose Sharks San Jose Earthquakes College Sports High School Sports High School Scores Sports Scoreboard Sports Columnists Sports Blogs Business Business Technology Personal Technology Economy Startups Real Estate SiliconValley.com SiliconBeat Entertainment Entertainment Lifestyle Celebrities Television Movies Music Theater & Arts Event Listings Movie Listings Comics Horoscopes Puzzles and Games Obituaries Obituaries Local Obituaries Place an Obituary The Cannifornian Stocks wobble after early gain; Apple climbs on… Share this: Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Trending: 9 Super Bowl beers Ask Amy Racially targeted robberies? 49ers’ QB options Berkeley riots & free speech Sierra Nevada snowpack Business Stocks wobble after early gain; Apple climbs on better sales Share this: Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) AP Photo/Richard Drew In this Oct. 2, 2014, file photo, the statue of George Washington on the steps of Federal Hall faces the facade of the New York Stock Exchange. U.S. stocks moved higher early Wednesday, after a survey showed U.S. employers hired new workers at a faster pace in January, a sign that the economy could be getting stronger. Technology stocks climbed after Apple said iPhone sales improved in its last quarter, which sent its stock to its highest price in more than a year. By Marley Jay, Associated Press | PUBLISHED: February 1, 2017 at 8:39 am | UPDATED: February 1, 2017 at 11:35 am NEW YORK — Stocks are little changed Wednesday after an early rally ran out of steam. Technology stocks are up after Apple said iPhone sales improved in its last quarter, which sent its stock to its highest price in more than a year. Most other stocks are trading lower and utilities are falling the most. A survey showed private U.S. employers hired new workers at a faster pace in January, a sign that the economy could be getting stronger. KEEPING SCORE: The Dow Jones industrial average gained 15 points, or 0.1 percent, to 19,878 as of 11:05 a.m. Eastern time. The Standard & Poor’s 500 index lost 2 points, or 0.1 percent, to 2,276. The Nasdaq composite added 15 points, or 0.3 percent, to 5,629. The Russell 2000 index of smaller company stocks picked up 3 points, or 0.2 percent, to 1,364. Related Articles UK Brexit plan seeks close EU ties, but details still short U.S. factories posted fastest growth last month in 2 years U.S. consumer confidence slips in January from 15-year high Mexico earmarks $50 million to back migrants in US New flights to Oakland airport boost passenger growth More stocks fell than rose on the New York Stock Exchange. The market has made only small moves in recent days as investors wait for the Federal Reserve to wrap up its latest policy meeting later Wednesday. JOB GAINS: A survey by payroll services provider ADP said private U.S. employers added far more jobs than expected in January. The gain of 246,000 jobs was the most in a single month since June. The hiring was widespread, with the construction, manufacturing, health care and shipping industries all adding jobs at a solid pace. That was a positive sign for the economy. Investors sold government bonds, which are relatively safe investments that are in greater demand when the economy seems weaker. The U.S. government will release its own monthly jobs report Friday. APPLE POLISHED: Apple jumped to its highest price in a year and a half after it said consumers snapped up its new iPhone 7 and 7 Plus over the last three months. That ended the first-ever slump in iPhone sales, and Apple’s first-quarter results were stronger than analysts expected. Its stock rose $6.83, or 5.6 percent, to $128.18. The big gains for Apple, the world’s most valuable publicly-traded company, took technology stocks higher. Chipmaker Advanced Micro Devices also climbed $1.22, or 11.8 percent, to $11.59. AMD reported a profit when analysts expected a loss, and its sales were greater than expected. BONDS: U.S. government bond prices fell. The yield on the 10-year Treasury note jumped to 2.50 percent from 2.44 percent. Financial stocks rose, as higher interest rates allow banks to charge more money for lending. Lincoln National climbed $1.07, or 1.6 percent, to $68.58 and JPMorgan Chase rose 92 cents, or 1.1 percent, to $85.55. THE PITS: Mailing equipment and software company Pitney Bownes slid $3.02, or 19 percent, to $12.90 after its quarterly sales fell short of expectations and its profit forecast disappointed Wall Street. ENERGY: Oil prices continued to trade in a small range. U.S. crude added 44 cents to $53.25 a barrel in New York. Brent crude, the benchmark for international oil prices, gained 59 cents, or 1.1 percent, to $56.17 a barrel in London. U.S. oil has stayed between roughly $52 and $55 a barrel for the last two months. The S&P 500’s energy company index is on track to fall for the fifth day in a row. It’s down 3 percent over that time and has sunk 7 percent since Dec. 13. ALUMINUM ACTIVISM: Lightweight aluminum products maker Arconic surged after its largest shareholder said the company needs new leadership. Elliott Management nominated five potential directors to Arconic’s board. The company said it stands by CEO Klaus Kleinfeld and that Elliott’s moves are not in the best interest of all shareholders. Arconic makes lightweight engineered products for aerospace and autos, which some investors saw as more promising than Alcoa’s mining and smelting business. But since the companies split on Nov. 1, Arconic stock is almost flat and Alcoa has jumped more than 60 percent. Arconic gained $2.03, or 8.9 percent, to $24.76. CURRENCIES: The dollar gained strength after the jobs survey. It rose to 113.62 yen from 112.76 yen. The euro fell to $1.0753 from $1.0803. OVERSEAS: Stocks in Europe got a boost from the ADP survey and a report that said manufacturing in China grew at its fastest pace in two years in January. Heavy government spending and more lending by banks helped keep the economy steady. Germany’s DAX added 1 percent while the CAC 40 of France rose 0.9 percent. The FTSE 100 index in Britain picked up 0.1 percent. Japan’s Nikkei 225 rose 0.6 percent after a skid on Tuesday. The Kospi in South Korea jumped 0.6 percent. Hong Kong’s Hang Seng fell 0.2 percent. Tags:  Economy Marley Jay, Associated Press Subscribe Today! All Access Digital offer for just 99 cents! blog comments powered by Disqus Sign up for our newsletters! Subscribe Follow Us Facebook Twitter Instagram RSS Most Popular San Jose: Arrests in drive-by purse-snatchings of Asian women Ask Amy: They’re now ‘polyamorous,’ and they want this favor Warriors pound Clippers on the interior, beat them for a ninth straight time 49ers QB options: Shanahan likes Garoppolo, Cousins Police ID man shot to death in East San Jose Officials not yet saying California drought is over UC Berkeley riots raise questions about free speech San Jose State MLK Library shut down after apparent suicide More in Business Foster City seniors explore virtual reality, dine like royalty at new community February 02, 2017, 8:21 pm A new senior living community anchors a developing town center in Foster City, helping to fill a major demand for senior housing on the Peninsula. Biz Break: AMD stock soars as it preps new products February 02, 2017, 4:22 pm Advanced Micro Devices continues to climb amid upbeat reactions to the semiconductor company’s most-recent quarterly results. Snap files for IPO, seeks to raise $3 billion February 02, 2017, 2:47 pm Snap, the owner of the popular disappearing-messages service Snapchat, seeks to raise up to $3 billion in an initial public offering. The Book Shop to move out of Hayward’s Green Shutter Hotel February 02, 2017, 4:15 pm By the end of next month, the owners of the popular bookstore on B Street will turn the page by retiring and moving out of the shop’s longtime location in the Green Shutter Hotel. Member Services News Alerts Facebook Twitter Instagram RSS Subscribe Manage Your Subscription All Access Subscriptions Today’s e-Edition Newsletter Sign-Up Mobile Apps Contact Us Corrections Reprints Archive Search Lottery Classifieds Autos Jobs Real Estate Place an Obituary Place a Legal Ad Advertise With Us Today’s Ads Weekly Ads Local Guide Fry’s Ad Public Notices © 2017 Digital First Media Site Map Copyright Privacy Policy Arbitration Powered by WordPress.com VIP Bay Area News Group Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy   Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Tahoe Resources Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Tahoe Resources Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Ryder System, Inc. (R) Stock Price Down 7.7% Following Weak Earnings Autoliv, Inc. (ALV) Trading Down 8.2% on Disappointing Earnings Caseys General Stores, Inc. (CASY) Rating Lowered to Top Pick at Wells Fargo & Co Rambus, Inc. (RMBS) Stock Rating Lowered by TheStreet J P Morgan Chase & Co Analysts Give AMAG Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (AMAG) a $24.00 Price Target Alliance Holdings GP, L.P. (AHGP) to Issue Quarterly Dividend of $0.55 on February 17th KeyCorp Comments on Cooper Tire & Rubber Company’s Q4 2016 Earnings (CTB) Britvic Plc (BTVCY) Given Average Recommendation of “Buy” by Analysts NEXT (NXGPF) Given Consensus Recommendation of “Hold” by Brokerages Tahoe Resources Inc (THO) Receives C$19.43 Consensus Price Target from Brokerages Burford Capital Limited (BUR) Coverage Initiated by Analysts at Liberum Capital Barclays PLC (BARC) Downgraded by Berenberg Bank to Sell Mercury General Corporation (MCY) Scheduled to Post Quarterly Earnings on Monday Mercury General Corporation (MCY) Scheduled to Post Quarterly Earnings on Monday Kirby Corporation (KEX) Updates Q1 Earnings Guidance DA Davidson Reaffirms Buy Rating for Acme United Co. (ACU) Ascena Retail Group, Inc. (ASNA) Short Interest Update Avery Dennison Corporation (AVY) Shares Up 0.5% After Better-Than-Expected Earnings Manhattan Associates, Inc. (MANH) Shares Gap Down Following Analyst Downgrade Barfresh Food Group Inc. (BRFH) Lifted to Hold at Zacks Investment Research Tahoe Resources Inc (TAHO) Shares Bought by Global X Management Co. LLC February 1st, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Latisha Jones Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Global X Management Co. LLC raised its stake in shares of Tahoe Resources Inc (NASDAQ:TAHO) (TSE:THO) by 14.9% during the third quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The institutional investor owned 2,949,914 shares of the company’s stock after buying an additional 381,883 shares during the period. Tahoe Resources accounts for approximately 1.7% of Global X Management Co. LLC’s portfolio, making the stock its 4th largest position. Global X Management Co. LLC owned approximately 0.95% of Tahoe Resources worth $37,754,000 at the end of the most recent quarter. Several other hedge funds have also added to or reduced their stakes in TAHO. Sei Investments Co. raised its stake in Tahoe Resources by 753.6% in the third quarter. Sei Investments Co. now owns 7,810 shares of the company’s stock valued at $101,000 after buying an additional 6,895 shares in the last quarter. Cidel Asset Management Inc. acquired a new stake in Tahoe Resources during the third quarter valued at approximately $15,359,000. Bank of New York Mellon Corp raised its stake in Tahoe Resources by 70.6% in the third quarter. Bank of New York Mellon Corp now owns 843,763 shares of the company’s stock valued at $10,825,000 after buying an additional 349,057 shares in the last quarter. TD Asset Management Inc. raised its stake in Tahoe Resources by 3.9% in the third quarter. TD Asset Management Inc. now owns 5,087,776 shares of the company’s stock valued at $65,114,000 after buying an additional 190,449 shares in the last quarter. Finally, Alps Advisors Inc. acquired a new stake in Tahoe Resources during the third quarter valued at approximately $393,000. Tahoe Resources Inc (NASDAQ:TAHO) traded down 3.446% during trading on Wednesday, reaching $8.825. 1,223,644 shares of the company’s stock were exchanged. The stock has a market capitalization of $2.75 billion and a price-to-earnings ratio of 245.139. The company’s 50 day moving average price is $9.22 and its 200-day moving average price is $11.90. Tahoe Resources Inc has a 52 week low of $7.12 and a 52 week high of $17.01. The firm also recently announced a monthly dividend, which was paid on Thursday, January 26th. Investors of record on Thursday, January 19th were issued a $0.02 dividend. The ex-dividend date was Tuesday, January 17th. This represents a $0.24 dividend on an annualized basis and a dividend yield of 2.63%. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY NOTICE: This article was first published by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are accessing this article on another domain, it was copied illegally and reposted in violation of U.S. & international copyright law. The correct version of this article can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/02/01/tahoe-resources-inc-taho-shares-bought-by-global-x-management-co-llc.html. Several research firms have recently commented on TAHO. Zacks Investment Research lowered shares of Tahoe Resources from a “hold” rating to a “sell” rating in a research report on Friday, January 13th. J P Morgan Chase & Co lowered shares of Tahoe Resources from an “overweight” rating to a “neutral” rating and set a $11.00 price target on the stock. in a research report on Tuesday, January 10th. RBC Capital Markets upgraded shares of Tahoe Resources from a “sector perform” rating to an “outperform” rating and lowered their price target for the company from $27.00 to $19.00 in a research report on Monday, December 12th. Royal Bank Of Canada upgraded shares of Tahoe Resources from a “sector perform” rating to an “outperform” rating and lowered their price target for the company from $27.00 to $19.00 in a research report on Monday, December 12th. Finally, National Bank Financial upgraded shares of Tahoe Resources from a “sector perform” rating to an “outperform” rating in a research report on Friday, November 11th. One equities research analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, one has given a hold rating and six have assigned a buy rating to the stock. The company has a consensus rating of “Buy” and an average target price of $19.00. About Tahoe Resources Tahoe Resources Inc is a mine operating, mineral exploration and development company. The Company’s principal business activities are to operate the Escobal mine, a silver mining operation in southeastern Guatemala; the La Arena mine, a gold mining operation located in northwestern Peru, and the Shahuindo gold mine, located in northwestern Peru. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding TAHO? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Tahoe Resources Inc (NASDAQ:TAHO) (TSE:THO). Receive News & Ratings for Tahoe Resources Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Tahoe Resources Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Trump Cancels Harley-Davidson Trip Due to Possible Protests White House Appears to Pull Back on Part of Policy on Vetting President Trump’s Labor Secretary Choice Outsourced Jobs President Trump Agenda: Border Wall and Sanctuary Cities White House Says President Trump Will Not Release His Tax Returns © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
e-Edition Obituaries Special Sections Special Occasions Subscribe Paywall Login Login to Comment Register February 3rd, 2017 Menu Home News Sports Business Entertainment Classifieds Commentary Contact Local News Provincial News National News World News Stocks wobble after early gain; Apple climbs on better sales Poll Does the Alberta Energy Regulator need to do a better job monitoring oil spills? Yes No View Results  Loading ... Follow @LethHerald on twitter By Marley Jay, The Associated Press on February 1, 2017. FILE - In this Oct. 2, 2014, file photo, the statue of George Washington on the steps of Federal Hall faces the facade of the New York Stock Exchange. U.S. stocks are moving higher early Wednesday, Feb. 1, 2017, after a survey showed U.S. employers hired new workers at a faster pace in January, a sign that the economy could be getting stronger. Technology stocks are climbing after Apple said iPhone sales improved in its last quarter, which sent its stock to its highest price in more than a year. Stocks are building on a late surge from a day earlier. (AP Photo/Richard Drew, File) NEW YORK – Stocks are little changed Wednesday after an early rally ran out of steam. Technology stocks are up after Apple said iPhone sales improved in its last quarter, which sent its stock to its highest price in more than a year. Most other stocks are trading lower and utilities are falling the most. A survey showed private U.S. employers hired new workers at a faster pace in January, a sign that the economy could be getting stronger. KEEPING SCORE: The Dow Jones industrial average gained 15 points, or 0.1 per cent, to 19,878 as of 11:05 a.m. Eastern time. The Standard & Poor’s 500 index lost 2 points, or 0.1 per cent, to 2,276. The Nasdaq composite added 15 points, or 0.3 per cent, to 5,629. The Russell 2000 index of smaller company stocks picked up 3 points, or 0.2 per cent, to 1,364. More stocks fell than rose on the New York Stock Exchange. The market has made only small moves in recent days as investors wait for the Federal Reserve to wrap up its latest policy meeting later Wednesday. JOB GAINS: A survey by payroll services provider ADP said private U.S. employers added far more jobs than expected in January. The gain of 246,000 jobs was the most in a single month since June. The hiring was widespread, with the construction, manufacturing, health care and shipping industries all adding jobs at a solid pace. That was a positive sign for the economy. Investors sold government bonds, which are relatively safe investments that are in greater demand when the economy seems weaker. The U.S. government will release its own monthly jobs report Friday. APPLE POLISHED: Apple jumped to its highest price in a year and a half after it said consumers snapped up its new iPhone 7 and 7 Plus over the last three months. That ended the first-ever slump in iPhone sales, and Apple’s first-quarter results were stronger than analysts expected. Its stock rose $6.83, or 5.6 per cent, to $128.18. The big gains for Apple, the world’s most valuable publicly-traded company, took technology stocks higher. Chipmaker Advanced Micro Devices also climbed $1.22, or 11.8 per cent, to $11.59. AMD reported a profit when analysts expected a loss, and its sales were greater than expected. BONDS: U.S. government bond prices fell. The yield on the 10-year Treasury note jumped to 2.50 per cent from 2.44 per cent. Financial stocks rose, as higher interest rates allow banks to charge more money for lending. Lincoln National climbed $1.07, or 1.6 per cent, to $68.58 and JPMorgan Chase rose 92 cents, or 1.1 per cent, to $85.55. THE PITS: Mailing equipment and software company Pitney Bownes slid $3.02, or 19 per cent, to $12.90 after its quarterly sales fell short of expectations and its profit forecast disappointed Wall Street. ENERGY: Oil prices continued to trade in a small range. U.S. crude added 44 cents to $53.25 a barrel in New York. Brent crude, the benchmark for international oil prices, gained 59 cents, or 1.1 per cent, to $56.17 a barrel in London. U.S. oil has stayed between roughly $52 and $55 a barrel for the last two months. The S&P 500’s energy company index is on track to fall for the fifth day in a row. It’s down 3 per cent over that time and has sunk 7 per cent since Dec. 13. ALUMINUM ACTIVISM: Lightweight aluminum products maker Arconic surged after its largest shareholder said the company needs new leadership. Elliott Management nominated five potential directors to Arconic’s board. The company said it stands by CEO Klaus Kleinfeld and that Elliott’s moves are not in the best interest of all shareholders. Arconic makes lightweight engineered products for aerospace and autos, which some investors saw as more promising than Alcoa’s mining and smelting business. But since the companies split on Nov. 1, Arconic stock is almost flat and Alcoa has jumped more than 60 per cent. Arconic gained $2.03, or 8.9 per cent, to $24.76. CURRENCIES: The dollar gained strength after the jobs survey. It rose to 113.62 yen from 112.76 yen. The euro fell to $1.0753 from $1.0803. OVERSEAS: Stocks in Europe got a boost from the ADP survey and a report that said manufacturing in China grew at its fastest pace in two years in January. Heavy government spending and more lending by banks helped keep the economy steady. Germany’s DAX added 1 per cent while the CAC 40 of France rose 0.9 per cent. The FTSE 100 index in Britain picked up 0.1 per cent. Japan’s Nikkei 225 rose 0.6 per cent after a skid on Tuesday. The Kospi in South Korea jumped 0.6 per cent. Hong Kong’s Hang Seng fell 0.2 per cent. ___ AP Markets Writer Marley Jay can be reached at http://twitter.com/MarleyJayAP His work can be found at http://bigstory.ap.org/journalist/marley-jay 000000 000000 Leave a Reply Click here to cancel reply. You must be logged in to post a comment. More ways to get to us Facebook Twitter YouTube ePaper Login Subscribe Subscription Services Archive About Us The Lethbridge Herald Other Publications Food For Thought Contact Careers Contact the Lethbridge Herald 504 - 7th Street South Lethbridge, AB T1J 3Z7 [P] (403) 328-4411 [F] (403)328-4536 Print Advertising: (403) 328-4410 National Advertising: (403) 380-7585 Online Advertising: (403) 380-7585 Classifieds: (403) 328-4433 © 1996-2017 The Lethbridge Herald, A Division of Continental Newspapers Canada Ltd. Advertising Terms and Conditions & Privacy Policy
WSJ WSJ LIVE WSJ Live on Facebook WSJ Live on Twitter MARKETWATCH MarketWatch on Facebook MarketWatch on Twitter BARRON'S <h4>Barrons on Facebook</h4><div style="border: none; padding: 2px 3px;" class="fb-like" data-href="http://www.facebook.com/barronsonline" data-send="false" data-layout="button_count" data-width="250" data-show-faces="false" data-action="recommend"></div> <h4>Barrons on Twitter</h4><a href="https://twitter.com/barronsonline" class="twitter-follow-button" data-show-count="true">Follow @barronsonline</a> DJX Product X on Facebook Product X on Twitter RT F R&C PE&VC WSJ B MORE Mansion Global WSJ Secure BigCharts Financial News Professor Journal Realtor.com Student Journal Virtual Stock Exchange WSJ Classifieds WSJ Classrooms WSJ Wine Search Asia Edition U.S. Edition   Subscribe Log In Home Magazine This Week's Edition Past Editions New: Cartoons Daily All Coverage Barron's Take Weekday Trader Up & Down Wall St. Daily Getting Technical Striking Price Daily Wall Street's Best Minds Read This, Spike That Stocks to Watch Today Asia Stocks to Watch Income Investing Tech Trader Daily Focus on Funds Emerging Markets Q&A Video Center Investing Ideas Overview Barron's Picks & Pans Mutual Funds / ETFs Hedge Funds Stocks Center Commodities Center Bonds Center Options Center Barron's Take Weekday Trader Stock Alert Inside Scoop Ahead of the Crowd Focus on Funds Stocks to Watch Today Barron's Roundtable Advisor Center Overview Top 100 Advisors Top 100 Women Advisors Top 100 Independent Advisors Top 1,200 Advisors Advisor Profiles Market Data Market Data Center Market Lab Economic Calendar Watchlist Stock Grader Stock & Fund Tables Barron's 400 PENTA Penta Magazine Penta Daily Penta Archives Barron's NEXT Q&A Finding Value in Apple, Nike, Allergan, Wal-Mart Top-performing Becker Value Equity fund is loading up on beaten-down big names and shunning utilities. By Teresa Rivas Biography Jan. 31, 2017 5:53 a.m. ET Value investing fell out of favor for many years before it finally recaptured the spotlight in 2016, bringing the focus back to fundamentals. Marian... Get The Full Story Subscribe   or   Log In Want to participate in the discussion? Already a subscriber? Log in for complete access. Powered by Livefyre Most Popular 1. The Personal-Finance App That Saved Me $1,448 Subscriber Content Read Preview 2. Steve Jobs’ Family Cuts Disney Stake in Half Subscriber Content Read Preview 3. Breaking Down the Apple Watch’s ‘Best Quarter Ever’ Subscriber Content Read Preview 4. The Best ‘America First’ Trades to Make Today Subscriber Content Read Preview See Full List Latest Market Videos 1 Watch Out for Disney on Hulu and YouTube 2 Bringing Banking to Would-Be Entrepreneurs in Poverty 3 Apple Loses Ground to Rivals in China Barron's Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn YouTube RSS Feed AppStore Google Play Return to Top« Customer Service Customer Center Contact Us Live Help Refer Your Friends to Barron's and Get Rewarded. Learn More Create an Account Subscribe to Barron's Magazine Subscribers: Activate Your Digital Access About Barrons.com Advertising Masthead Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Data Policy Copyright Policy Subscriber Agreement & Terms of Use Your Ad Choices Community Guidelines Also From Barron's Conferences Reprints Classifieds College Program Find a Broker Barron's in Japanese Tools & Services Mobile Site Email Newsletters Barron's on iPad/iPhone Barron's on Android Watchlist Video Annual Reports StockGrader Barron's 400 Economic Calendar Stock & Mutual Fund Listings Commodities, Options & Annuities Listings Fund Prospectuses ACAP Enabled Copyright ©2017 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
You are the owner of this article. Edit Article Add New Article Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout Subscribe Customer service Subscriber services Contact us E-edition Contests Apps Newsletters Obits Post-Dispatch Archives News Columnists Law and order Education Databases Obits Political Fix National politics Nation Illinois Metro St. Charles Weather 100 Neediest Cases Sports Cardinals Blues Mizzou Slu NFL Golf Forums Columnists Chats Opinion Letters to the editor Columnists Business Top Workplaces Press releases Columnists High schools Schedules Schools Sports Stats Go! Entertainment Books Calendar Comics & games Dining Music Movies Television Theater & arts Columnists Lifestyles Advice Automotive Fashion Food and cooking Drink Health Home and Garden Parenting Religion Travel St. Louis Post-Dispatch columnists Feast Magazine St. Louis' Best Bridal Ladue News Multimedia Photos Videos Chats Forums Buy/Sell Classifieds Real estate Business Directory Print ads Newspaper ads Page reprints Weekly Ads Autos Jobs Homes Toggle navigation Menu Search Search Log In Using Your Account Log In Don't have an account? Sign Up Today My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout 26° Saint Louis, MO (63101) Today Some clouds in the morning will give way to mainly sunny skies for the afternoon. High 34F. Winds NNW at 10 to 15 mph.. Tonight Mainly clear skies. Low 22F. Winds light and variable. Updated: February 3, 2017 @ 2:53 am Full Forecast News Sports Business Go! Life Buy/Sell Business Close The Associated Press In this Friday, Nov. 13, 2015, file photo, the American flag flies above the Wall Street entrance to the New York Stock Exchange. (AP Photo/Richard Drew, File) Stocks wobble after early gain; Apple climbs on better sales By Marley Jay • Associated Press Feb 1, 2017 (…) In this Friday, Nov. 13, 2015, file photo, the American flag flies above the Wall Street entrance to the New York Stock Exchange. (AP Photo/Richard Drew, File) The Associated Press Updated at 10:34 a.m. NEW YORK • Stocks are little changed Wednesday after an early rally ran out of steam. Technology stocks are up after Apple said iPhone sales improved in its last quarter, which sent its stock to its highest price in more than a year. Most other stocks are trading lower and utilities are falling the most. A survey showed private U.S. employers hired new workers at a faster pace in January, a sign that the economy could be getting stronger. KEEPING SCORE: The Dow Jones industrial average gained 15 points, or 0.1 percent, to 19,878 as of 11:05 a.m. Eastern time. The Standard & Poor's 500 index lost 2 points, or 0.1 percent, to 2,276. The Nasdaq composite added 15 points, or 0.3 percent, to 5,629. The Russell 2000 index of smaller company stocks picked up 3 points, or 0.2 percent, to 1,364. More stocks fell than rose on the New York Stock Exchange. The market has made only small moves in recent days as investors wait for the Federal Reserve to wrap up its latest policy meeting later Wednesday. JOB GAINS: A survey by payroll services provider ADP said private U.S. employers added far more jobs than expected in January. The gain of 246,000 jobs was the most in a single month since June. The hiring was widespread, with the construction, manufacturing, health care and shipping industries all adding jobs at a solid pace. That was a positive sign for the economy. Investors sold government bonds, which are relatively safe investments that are in greater demand when the economy seems weaker. The U.S. government will release its own monthly jobs report Friday. APPLE POLISHED: Apple jumped to its highest price in a year and a half after it said consumers snapped up its new iPhone 7 and 7 Plus over the last three months. That ended the first-ever slump in iPhone sales, and Apple's first-quarter results were stronger than analysts expected. Its stock rose $6.83, or 5.6 percent, to $128.18. The big gains for Apple, the world's most valuable publicly-traded company, took technology stocks higher. Chipmaker Advanced Micro Devices also climbed $1.22, or 11.8 percent, to $11.59. AMD reported a profit when analysts expected a loss, and its sales were greater than expected. BONDS: U.S. government bond prices fell. The yield on the 10-year Treasury note jumped to 2.50 percent from 2.44 percent. Financial stocks rose, as higher interest rates allow banks to charge more money for lending. Lincoln National climbed $1.07, or 1.6 percent, to $68.58 and JPMorgan Chase rose 92 cents, or 1.1 percent, to $85.55. THE PITS: Mailing equipment and software company Pitney Bownes slid $3.02, or 19 percent, to $12.90 after its quarterly sales fell short of expectations and its profit forecast disappointed Wall Street. ENERGY: Oil prices continued to trade in a small range. U.S. crude added 44 cents to $53.25 a barrel in New York. Brent crude, the benchmark for international oil prices, gained 59 cents, or 1.1 percent, to $56.17 a barrel in London. U.S. oil has stayed between roughly $52 and $55 a barrel for the last two months. See how much St. Louis CEOs were paid Get the Bottom Line from Nicklaus and Gallagher Public pay: Compare government and teacher salaries for St. Louis area Here are the best large places to work in St. Louis The S&P 500's energy company index is on track to fall for the fifth day in a row. It's down 3 percent over that time and has sunk 7 percent since Dec. 13. ALUMINUM ACTIVISM: Lightweight aluminum products maker Arconic surged after its largest shareholder said the company needs new leadership. Elliott Management nominated five potential directors to Arconic's board. The company said it stands by CEO Klaus Kleinfeld and that Elliott's moves are not in the best interest of all shareholders. Arconic makes lightweight engineered products for aerospace and autos, which some investors saw as more promising than Alcoa's mining and smelting business. But since the companies split on Nov. 1, Arconic stock is almost flat and Alcoa has jumped more than 60 percent. Arconic gained $2.03, or 8.9 percent, to $24.76. CURRENCIES: The dollar gained strength after the jobs survey. It rose to 113.62 yen from 112.76 yen. The euro fell to $1.0753 from $1.0803. OVERSEAS: Stocks in Europe got a boost from the ADP survey and a report that said manufacturing in China grew at its fastest pace in two years in January. Heavy government spending and more lending by banks helped keep the economy steady. Germany's DAX added 1 percent while the CAC 40 of France rose 0.9 percent. The FTSE 100 index in Britain picked up 0.1 percent. Japan's Nikkei 225 rose 0.6 percent after a skid on Tuesday. The Kospi in South Korea jumped 0.6 percent. Hong Kong's Hang Seng fell 0.2 percent. Business Briefing from St. Louis Post-Dispatch Make it your business. Get twice-daily updates on what the St. Louis business community is talking about. This field is required. Sign Up! leave this blank I understand that registration constitutes agreement to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. In this Friday, Nov. 13, 2015, file photo, the American flag flies above the Wall Street entrance to the New York Stock Exchange. (AP Photo/Richard Drew, File) The Associated Press Tags Business General News Stock Prices Leading Economic Indicators Economy Stock Indices And Averages Stock Markets Financial Markets Job Trends Careers Index Finance Stock Exchange Commerce Nikkei 225 Industry Economics View (…) comments Most popular 'Welcome to St. Louis, son' — Budweiser releases Super Bowl ad Operator of Alton Square prepares for loss of Macy's — one of its biggest stores Brown and Crouppen says crime in downtown St. Louis may lead to firm moving St. Louis gaining 300 jobs as part of Nestlé USA's HQ move to Virginia Schnucks expanding delivery as Instacart enters St. Louis Follow us Business columnists Jim Gallagher - Finance David Nicklaus - Economy Building Blocks Latest in section Two plans to redo the former St. Luke's hospital on Delmar Business Bulletin Board People in Business Integrated Facility Services names Busch as CFO St. Charles County taps Brinkmann to build new emergency operations center Quick links David Nicklaus Gas prices Press releases St. Louis CEO pay Stock markets Top workplaces Looking for your next home? Test your knowledge of all things St. Louis! Manage your services See ads from today's newspaper Feast Magazine Ladue News St. Louis' Best Bridal STL High School Sports Products and features Apps Archives Calendar Chats Comics & games Contests E-edition Forums Newsletters Our events Press releases Online Features Tools and services Advertise with us Autos Classifieds Contact us Homes Jobs Newspapers in Education Page reprints Post-Dispatch store Site help Subscriber services Today's Deal © Copyright 2017 STLtoday.com, 900 N. Tucker Blvd. St. Louis, MO | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy Powered by BLOX Content Management System from TownNews.com.
X Edition: United States Business Business Home Legal Deals Aerospace & Defense Finance Autos Reuters Summits ADventures Data Dive Markets Markets Home U.S. Markets European Markets Asian Markets Global Market Data Indices Stocks Bonds Currencies Commodities Futures Funds Earnings Dividends World World Home U.S. Special Reports Reuters Investigates Euro Zone Middle East China Japan Mexico Brazil Africa Russia India Politics Politics Home Polling Explorer Live: Trump's First 100 Days What Voters Want Supreme Court Tech Technology Home Science Top 100 Global Innovators Media Environment Innovation Commentary Commentary Home Podcasts Breakingviews Breakingviews Home Breakingviews Video Money Money Home Retirement Lipper Awards Analyst Research Stock Screener Fund Screener Life Health Sports Arts Entertainment Oddly Enough Pictures Pictures Home The Wider Image Photographers Focus 360 Video GRAPHIC-Turkish lira's multi-year fall may not be over yet Africa América Latina عربي Argentina Brasil Canada 中国 Deutschland España France India Italia 日本 México РОССИЯ United Kingdom United States Funds News | Wed Feb 1, 2017 | 11:03am EST GRAPHIC-Turkish lira's multi-year fall may not be over yet By Karin Strohecker | LONDON LONDON Feb 1 After weakening for four years in a row and suffering its worst January in almost quarter of a century, Turkey's lira currrency looks cheap on a historical basis. But the trough may not have been hit. The currency fell 18 percent last year against the dollar, and in real effective exchange rate (REER) terms - adjusted for inflation and against a range of currencies of its main trade partners - it weakened almost 10 percent. On a REER basis, the lira currently trades some 22 percent below its own 10-year average: tmsnrt.rs/2fHdpx5 And on a 20-year basis, it is 17 percent below its average: reut.rs/2jniKsD Only the Egyptian pound, devalued last year, and the Mexican peso, pummelled by U.S. President Donald Trump's trade threats, look cheaper on an REER basis versus historic averages. "On our broad overview of emerging market FX, Argentina and Mexico are cheaper, but Turkey is right towards the cheap end of the range, so the answer to the question (on whether it is undervalued) is 'yes'," said Robert Minikin, head of Asia FX strategy at Standard Chartered. But investors continue to flee, fearing more weakness ahead. "We are not convinced that the currency is undervalued ... and the simple reason for that is that almost all of the lira depreciation over the last five years has been offset by higher unit labour cost growth than its trading partners," UBS strategist Manik Narain said. Calculating the lira's "real" exchange rate on the basis of unit labour costs (ULC) - taking changes in productivity into account - the lira's depreciation looks less pronounced: bit.ly/2kUthuU Steep wage increases have boosted Turkey's unit labour costs more aggressively than those of its trade partners, Narain said, which is why exports and foreign direct investment have not responded as strongly to the depreciation as one might expect: bit.ly/2kg73nZ Investors are also disappointed with piecemeal policy tightening by the central bank, which is widely believed to be under political pressure to avoid raising rates too much. The other worry is Turkey's balance of payments deficit of roughly 4 percent of annual economic output. Jonathan Cavenagh at JPMorgan Chase calculates the lira at 7 percent below fair value but sees current valuations as "still not sufficient to compensate for the lack of monetary policy credibility, political risks and potential funding pressure". Another gauge is the fundamental equilibrium exchange rate (FEER) - the currency value consistent with full employment and a sustainable current account gap of around 3 percent. On this basis, the lira is around 9 percent overvalued, economists who pioneered FEER at the Washington DC-based Peterson Institute for International Economics calculated last November in a paper. Finally, currencies often continue depreciating well past what could be considered fair value if background noise is strong enough. The lira itself weakened for 12 consecutive years from 1992, before and after Turkey's 1994 financial crisis. "The thing to remember is that currency trends last a very long time and are rarely reversed by valuations, so there is no elastic-band effect," said Koon Chow, EM macro and FX strategist at UBP. "In Turkey, I don't know what the (turnaround) catalyst would be." (Additional reporting by Sujata Rao; Editing by Catherine Evans) Next In Funds News French snowsports firm Rossignol to buy Felt Bicycles PARIS, Feb 3 French snowsports equipment firm Rossignol has agreed to buy Felt Bicycles, a U.S. maker of racing and mountain bikes with annual sales of more than $60 million, the company said on Friday. PRESS DIGEST- New York Times business news - Feb 3 Feb 3 The following are the top stories on the New York Times business pages. Reuters has not verified these stories and does not vouch for their accuracy. UPDATE 1-Fizz comes back to U.S. stock fund flows, despite performance (Adds details on mutual funds and ETFs, analyst and investor quotes, table, byline) By Trevor Hunnicutt NEW YORK, Feb 2 Investors hurled the most cash at U.S.-based stock funds since the U.S. presidential election during the latest week, Lipper data showed on Thursday, restoring bets on a continuing rally even as it seemed to fade. U.S.-based equity funds took in $13.8 billion during the week through Feb. 1, the biggest haul since the week immediately following Donald MORE FROM REUTERS Sponsored Content From Around the WebPromoted by Revcontent Trending Stories Pictures Pictures of the month Sponsored Topics X Follow Reuters: Follow Us On Twitter Follow Us On Facebook Follow Us On RSS Follow Us On Instagram Follow Us On YouTube Follow Us On LinkedIn Subscribe: Feeds | Newsletters | Podcasts | Apps Reuters News Agency | Brand Attribution Guidelines | Careers Reuters is the news and media division of Thomson Reuters. Thomson Reuters is the world's largest international multimedia news agency, providing investing news, world news, business news, technology news, headline news, small business news, news alerts, personal finance, stock market, and mutual funds information available on Reuters.com, video, mobile, and interactive television platforms. Learn more about Thomson Reuters products: Eikon Information, analytics and exclusive news on financial markets - delivered in an intuitive desktop and mobile interface Elektron Everything you need to empower your workflow and enhance your enterprise data management World-Check Screen for heightened risk individual and entities globally to help uncover hidden risks in business relationships and human networks Westlaw Build the strongest argument relying on authoritative content, attorney-editor expertise, and industry defining technology ONESOURCE The most comprehensive solution to manage all your complex and ever-expanding tax and compliance needs CHECKPOINT The industry leader for online information for tax, accounting and finance professionals All quotes delayed a minimum of 15 minutes. See here for a complete list of exchanges and delays. Site Feedback Corrections Advertising Guidelines Cookies Terms of Use Privacy Policy
OBITUARIES VIEW OBITUARIES PLACE AN OBITUARY Classifieds Autos Homes For Sale For Rent Jobs CELEBRATIONS VIEW CELEBRATIONS PLACE A CELEBRATION Place An Ad Self-Serve Contact & Deadlines Newspaper Ads Classifieds VIEW OBITUARIES PLACE AN OBITUARY Classifieds Autos For Sale For Rent Jobs VIEW CELEBRATIONS PLACE A CELEBRATION Self-Serve Contact & Deadlines Newspaper Ads Subscribe Manage Subscriptions Home News B.C. National World Opinion Blogs Letters Business Sports Entertainment Go! Life Islander Horoscope | Crossword Travel Homes Driving Magazines Flyers E-edition WEB EDITION SIGN-IN LATEST NEWS: Fire guts Oak Bay house; man escapes, dog saved $60,000 universal change room approved for Crystal Pool Victoria wants authority to impose taxes on vacant, derelict properties Horgan promises new targets to cut greenhouse gas emissions Heron Cove bridge for harbour pathway gets OK Lindsay Buziak murder: father holds annual walk to ensure she’s not forgotten Jitters over Trump keep weigh on global stock markets Marley Jay / The Associated Press February 1, 2017 07:10 AM A man looks at an electronic stock indicator of a securities firm in Tokyo, Thursday, Feb. 2, 2017. Asian markets wavered and the dollar lost some steam Thursday after the Fed kept its key lending rate on hold as expected at its latest policy meeting. (AP Photo/Shizuo Kambayashi) Previous Next A man looks at an electronic stock indicator of a securities firm in Tokyo, Thursday, Feb. 2, 2017. Asian markets wavered and the dollar lost some steam Thursday after the Fed kept its key lending rate on hold as expected at its latest policy meeting. (AP Photo/Shizuo Kambayashi) LONDON - Global stock markets were uneven Thursday as investors shied away from riskier assets amid renewed concerns over U.S. President Donald Trump's policies. KEEPING SCORE: In Europe, Germany's DAX was flat at 11,663 while the CAC 40 in France rose 0.2 per cent to 4,805. The FTSE 100 index of leading British shares was 0.6 per cent higher at 7,153. U.S. stocks were heading for a soft open, with Dow futures and the broader S&P 500 futures down 0.2 per cent. TRUMP TURBULENCE: Investors were rattled by the latest news from the Trump administration, including a phone call in which he warned Mexico's president he might send in troops and another about a tense exchange with Australia's leader over refugees. Following the Trump rally in the wake of his election victory last November, stock gains appear to be petering out with investors getting jittery in light of Trump's dramatic policy announcements since taking office. MARKET VIEW: "Trump's presidency comes with greater than normal risks," Shane Oliver, head of investment strategy at AMP Capital Investors in Sydney, said in a report. Eventually, he said "pragmatic pro-growth policies are likely to ultimately dominate populist policies." However, Oliver added that "the Trump honeymoon with investors is likely over with a short term period of correction/volatility likely to continue in shares, bond yields and the U.S. dollar." CENTRAL BANKING: On Wednesday, the Federal Reserve left interest rates on hold after its latest policy meeting — as investors had expected. Policymakers signalled that they still expect to gradually raise rates but gave no clear timeline. Meanwhile, the Bank of England kept its main interest rate on hold at a record low of 0.25 per cent on Thursday but revised up its growth forecasts for the British economy, which has held up better than many forecasters predicted in the aftermath of last June's vote to leave the European Union. DEUTSCHE DOWN AGAIN: Germany's biggest lender, Deutsche Bank, saw its share price fall by around 5 per cent after the company posted another hefty loss in 2016. The bank reported a loss of 1.4 billion euros ($1.5 billion) for all of 2016. Much of that loss was due to a fourth-quarter deficit of 1.89 billion euros largely related to the sale of its Abbey Life unit and costs associated with legal fines and penalties. ASIA'S DAY: Japan's benchmark Nikkei 225 index slipped 1.2 per cent to 18,914.58 as the stronger yen weighed on exporters, while South Korea's Kospi dipped 0.5 per cent to 2,071.01. Hong Kong's Hang Seng lost 0.6 per cent to 23,184.52 and Australia's S&P/ASX 200 edged 0.1 per cent lower to 5,645.40. Markets in mainland China were closed for the final day of a weeklong holiday. CURRENCIES: The euro rose 0.3 per cent to $1.0810 while the dollar fell 0.6 per cent to 112.36 yen. ENERGY: Benchmark U.S. crude rose 15 cents to $54.03 a barrel on the New York Mercantile Exchange, while Brent crude, the benchmark for international oil prices, advanced 38 cents to $57.18 a barrel in London. © Copyright Times Colonist Email to a Friend Your Email Address: * Your Name: * To Email Address: * Message: * * Please separate multiple email addresses with the semi-colon character. Close next Fire guts Oak Bay house; man escapes, dog saved › next Pumped for Dublin! Click for contest rules Capital Home Winter 2016 The Luxury Edition Your Museum at 130 Royal B.C. Museum celebrates a birthday On the Front Lines of Fentanyl Inside the drug-overdose crisis Most Popular Top News Top Business Top Sports Officer might be charged in connection with crash that killed Sarah Beckett Fire guts Oak Bay house; man escapes, dog saved Fake-name man who worked as Victoria nurse pleads guilty in child-porn case One person dead after workplace accident in Parksville Lindsay Buziak murder: father holds annual walk to ensure she’s not forgotten Victoria police surround house in hunt for domestic-violence suspect NewLeaf erases its flights from YYJ summer schedule Victoria man killed in attack in Norway Canada advances to Sydney Sevens quarters with wins over Papua New Guinea, France Duvernay-Tardif follows in Darche's footsteps as future doctor playing football NewLeaf erases its flights from YYJ summer schedule For-sale inventory at record low, region’s home prices rise 21% Demand for bigger taxi vehicles launches city’s new cab company Downtown developer plans 21-storey towers After 56 years, last call at Tally Ho Film industry in Greater Victoria on hunt for workers Duvernay-Tardif follows in Darche's footsteps as future doctor playing football Vancouver online shoe-seller declares bankruptcy Six stories in the news today, Dec. 8 Canada advances to Sydney Sevens quarters with wins over Papua New Guinea, France Victoria Royals are not alone in attendance woes Young Argentina up first for Canada at Americas Rugby Championship Canada advances to Sydney Sevens quarters with wins over Papua New Guinea, France UK envoy who quit top EU post resigns from civil service Six stories in the news today, Dec. 8 Read ends drought, lifts Flyers to 3-1 win over Canadiens Sales soar for Milo book 'Dangerous'; publisher mum on tour Duvernay-Tardif follows in Darche's footsteps as future doctor playing football Goodale assails O'Leary for posting gun range video on day of mosque funeral No Bull: Belmont lineman ready for NCAA career at Fresno State Your timescolonist.com More News Iconic Motoring Click here for the first issue Spiritually Speaking  Standing together on our shared journey strengthens community Making a positive difference by acting together The power of rituals to mark important moments in our lives Don’t Miss ›› daily ›› Your daily horoscope ›› Today’s obituaries ›› Daily crossword online ›› E-edition of today’s newspaper ›› Sign up for the free newsletter Times Colonist on Twitter Times Colonist on Twitter Community Event Calendar Find out what's happening in your community and submit your own local events. Add an event See all community events GET THE TIMES COLONIST DAILY NEWSLETTER Get the day's top Times Colonist headlines emailed to you every day at 9 a.m. GET A JOB DELIVERING TC FLYERS The Times Colonist is looking for people to deliver flyers every Thursday ... News And Tools Life News Obituaries Newspaper Ads Job Listings Car Listings Properties For Sale Place An Ad Infomart Other myLOCALFLYERS.ca About Us Subscribe Victoria Early Years Contact Us Advertise With Us Terms and Conditions Sponsorship Information Connect Back to top Glacier Community Media © Copyright 2013-2017 TC Publication Limited Partnership. All rights reserved. Unauthorized distribution, transmission or republication strictly prohibited. Sponsored content is content which is paid for and has been written by or on behalf of an advertiser. For more information on sponsored content, contact us at tshoults@glaciermedia.ca.
Skip to content Home Business Science Health Technology About – Staff Privacy Policy Contact The State of Wisconsin Investment Board Acquires 2,010 Shares of Tesla Motors Inc. (TSLA) February 1, 2017 Robert V. Boyd State of Wisconsin Investment Board boosted its stake in Tesla Motors Inc. (NASDAQ:TSLA) by 2.7% during the third quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The firm owned 75,424 shares of the electric vehicle producer’s stock after buying an additional 2,010 shares during the period. State of Wisconsin Investment Board’s holdings in Tesla Motors were worth $15,389,000 as of its most recent SEC filing. A number of other hedge funds and other institutional investors have also recently bought and sold shares of TSLA. Public Employees Retirement Association of Colorado boosted its position in Tesla Motors by 0.7% in the second quarter. Public Employees Retirement Association of Colorado now owns 22,258 shares of the electric vehicle producer’s stock valued at $4,725,000 after buying an additional 164 shares during the period. Essex Financial Services Inc. boosted its position in Tesla Motors by 21.8% in the second quarter. Essex Financial Services Inc. now owns 1,535 shares of the electric vehicle producer’s stock valued at $326,000 after buying an additional 275 shares during the period. LMR Partners LLP purchased a new position in Tesla Motors during the second quarter valued at approximately $2,182,000. Goodwin Daniel L purchased a new position in Tesla Motors during the second quarter valued at approximately $318,000. Finally, ING Groep NV boosted its position in Tesla Motors by 245.5% in the second quarter. ING Groep NV now owns 6,416 shares of the electric vehicle producer’s stock valued at $1,362,000 after buying an additional 4,559 shares during the period. Institutional investors own 56.73% of the company’s stock. Tesla Motors Inc. (NASDAQ:TSLA) opened at 248.92 on Tuesday. Tesla Motors Inc. has a one year low of $141.05 and a one year high of $269.34. The stock’s market capitalization is $37.31 billion. The stock’s 50 day moving average is $213.64 and its 200 day moving average is $209.24. Tesla Motors (NASDAQ:TSLA) last announced its quarterly earnings results on Wednesday, October 26th. The electric vehicle producer reported $0.71 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, beating the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of ($0.54) by $1.25. The business earned $2.30 billion during the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $2.33 billion. Tesla Motors had a negative return on equity of 29.17% and a negative net margin of 14.74%. The firm’s revenue was up 145.3% on a year-over-year basis. During the same period in the previous year, the company earned ($0.58) EPS. On average, equities analysts forecast that Tesla Motors Inc. will post ($2.23) EPS for the current year. Several research firms have commented on TSLA. JPMorgan Chase & Co. reiterated an “underweight” rating on shares of Tesla Motors in a report on Saturday. Morgan Stanley upgraded shares of Tesla Motors from an “equal weight” rating to an “overweight” rating and boosted their price objective for the stock from $242.00 to $305.00 in a research report on Thursday, January 19th. Berenberg Bank set a $193.00 price objective on shares of Tesla Motors and gave the stock a “hold” rating in a research report on Wednesday, January 11th. FBN Securities set a $260.00 price objective on shares of Tesla Motors and gave the stock a “buy” rating in a research report on Wednesday, January 4th. Finally, Vetr downgraded shares of Tesla Motors from a “hold” rating to a “sell” rating and set a $214.00 price objective for the company. in a research report on Wednesday, January 4th. Nine research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, eleven have given a hold rating and twelve have issued a buy rating to the company’s stock. Tesla Motors currently has a consensus rating of “Hold” and an average target price of $250.57. In other news, VP John Douglas Field sold 1,000 shares of Tesla Motors stock in a transaction dated Tuesday, January 10th. The stock was sold at an average price of $228.61, for a total transaction of $228,610.00. Following the completion of the sale, the vice president now directly owns 15,433 shares in the company, valued at approximately $3,528,138.13. The sale was disclosed in a filing with the SEC, which can be accessed through this link. Also, insider Jeffrey B. Straubel sold 33,430 shares of Tesla Motors stock in a transaction dated Tuesday, November 22nd. The shares were sold at an average price of $190.82, for a total value of $6,379,112.60. Following the sale, the insider now owns 359,655 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $68,629,367.10. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Over the last quarter, insiders have sold 39,709 shares of company stock valued at $7,689,103. 27.70% of the stock is owned by corporate insiders. Tesla Motors Company Profile Tesla Motors, Inc designs, develops, manufactures and sells electric vehicles and energy storage products. The Company produces and sells two electric vehicles: the Model S sedan and the Model X sport utility vehicle (SUV). The Company has delivered over 107,000 Model S vehicles across the world. In addition to developing its own vehicles, it sells energy storage products. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding TSLA? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Tesla Motors Inc. (NASDAQ:TSLA). Business Post navigation The Post Holdings Inc. (POST) Lifted to “Buy” at Zacks Investment Research The State of Wisconsin Investment Board Lowers Stake in General Growth Properties Inc. (GGP) Related posts February 03, 2017 Jamie Williams 0 The Shoe Carnival, Inc. (SCVL) PT Lowered to $24.00 Shoe Carnival, Inc. (NASDAQ:SCVL) had its price objective lowered by analysts at Mizuho from $28.00 to... February 03, 2017 Jamie Williams 0 The Zacks: Universal Stainless & Alloy Products, Inc. (USAP) Receives Consensus Rating of “Hold” from Analysts Shares of Universal Stainless & Alloy Products, Inc. (NASDAQ:USAP) have been given an average broker rating... February 03, 2017 Jamie Williams 0 The Zacks: Novozymes A/S – (NVZMY) Receives Consensus Recommendation of “Hold” from Brokerages Shares of Novozymes A/S – (NASDAQ:NVZMY) have been given a consensus broker rating score of 3.00... Leave a Comment Cancel reply Latest The Shoe Carnival, Inc. (SCVL) PT Lowered to $24.00 The Zacks: Universal Stainless & Alloy Products, Inc. (USAP) Receives Consensus Rating of “Hold” from Analysts The Zacks: Novozymes A/S – (NVZMY) Receives Consensus Recommendation of “Hold” from Brokerages The Capital City Bank Group (CCBG) Receives Average Recommendation of “Sell” from Brokerages The RTL Group S.A. (RTL) Given a €76.00 Price Target at Warburg Research The Input Capital Corp (INP) Given New C$2.30 Price Target at Acumen Capital The Achaogen, Inc. (AKAO) Lifted to “Buy” at Zacks Investment Research The Zacks Investment Research Lowers ConforMIS, Inc. (CFMS) to Hold The Comstock Resources, Inc. (CRK) Stock Rating Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research The Equity Commonwealth (EQC) Lowered to “Sell” at Zacks Investment Research The Realty Income Corporation (O) Stake Lowered by American International Group Inc. The Xylem Inc. (XYL) Given “Outperform” Rating at Oppenheimer Holdings, Inc. The Cineworld Group plc (CINE) Given New GBX 650 Price Target at N+1 Singer The AptarGroup, Inc. (ATR) Downgraded to “Sell” at Zacks Investment Research The TRIVAGO NV ADS (TRVG) Coverage Initiated at Morgan Stanley The Grifols, S.A. (GRFS) Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research to Hold The Gildan Activewear, Inc. (GIL) Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research to Hold The Collegium Pharmaceutical, Inc. (COLL) Downgraded to “Sell” at Zacks Investment Research The Cerulean Pharma Inc. (CERU) Lowered to “Hold” at Zacks Investment Research The Bio-Path Holdings, Inc. (BPTH) Upgraded to “Hold” by Zacks Investment Research © DailyQuint.
HOME EDITION News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance CNBC Explains Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Recode Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows Watch Live CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Full Episodes More Log In | Register Log Out News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Consumer Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Halftime Portfolio Squawk Box Portfolio Take a Tour Subscribe Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance CNBC Explains Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Recode Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Special Reports Global Investing Hot Spots TD Ameritrade Conference Trader Talk ETF Strategist CNBC Fed Survey Modern Medicine Future Opportunities Retail Report Original Series Executive Edge Trading Nation Futures Now Retire Well The Pulse @ 1 Market The Bottom Line CNBC Events Davos Delivering Alpha eMerge Americas iCONIC Conference Cambridge Cyber Summit Sohn Conference Follow CNBC EDITION Register Log In Profile Email Preferences PRO Sign Out Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Halftime Portfolio Squawk Box Portfolio Take a Tour Subscribe LIVE TV Watch CNBC TV Watch CNBC Pro Watchlist X × × × Technology Technology Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity The Pulse @ 1 Market Apple's doing well — here's how it could do even better Anita Balakrishnan | @MsABalakrishnan Wednesday, 1 Feb 2017 | 12:44 PM ETCNBC.com SHARES show chapters Morris Mark: Apple's doing fine but it can do better    Wednesday, 1 Feb 2017 | 10:08 AM ET | 03:03 Apple is already doing better than Wall Street expected — and the possibility for more economic growth could drive it even higher, analysts told CNBC on Wednesday. The potential for President Donald Trump to enact tax reform, including the chance to bring back overseas cash at a lower tax rate, could provide as much as 10 percent upside to earnings for Apple, said Jim Suva, director and senior analyst at Citigroup. Ginnette Riquelme | Reuters Customers take a selfie as they enter the first Apple Store in Mexico City, Mexico, on September 24, 2016. Another analyst, Morris Mark, founder of Mark Asset Management, also sees more potential for Apple "to do so much better." "The economy is doing well, but it obviously has the potential to do much better," Mark told CNBC's "Squawk Alley" on Wednesday. "If we get intelligent [tax] reform, then the economy's pace will pick up, and that's a win-win." Apple shares climbed 6.7 percent on Wednesday to their highest level in a year and a half, on the back of a better-than-expected earnings report. Apple also reported a record $246.09 billion in cash during the December quarter, up $8.49 billion from the previous quarter. Most of that cash is held overseas for tax reasons, but President Donald Trump and congressional Republicans might change the tax code to let Apple bring that money back into the U.S. with less of a tax hit, paving the way for more domestic acquisitions. When asked about repatriation on the earnings conference call, Apple CEO Tim Cook said that iPhone maker is "always looking at acquisitions" and that it has acquired 15 to 20 companies each year for the past four years. "There's not a size that [Apple] would not do," he added. "It's a fantastic problem that Apple has — of too much cash," Suva said on CNBC's "Squawk on the Street." Sales of its new iPhones — promoted heavily by U.S. telecom carriers — and especially the high prices of the iPhone 7 Plus helped Apple boost its revenue. JPMorgan noted in a research note that Apple managed to maintain resilient demand despite "tougher than expected consumer backdrop." "People are paying up for these premium devices," Suva said. Citi increased its target price on Apple on Wednesday, noting the long term potential of its push into India and its software ambitions. "To me, the real question in regard to Apple is how they strengthen their ecosystem," Mark said. "When you got the first iPhone, if you had iTunes, that was the only place that you could listen to it on a mobile [smartphone] device. Now you want greater content that's proprietary the same way. That's where Apple should be pointing and I thought that Tim Cook alluded to that in the call." Disclosure: Citi owns a more than 1 percent stake in Apple shares, and Apple is a Citi investment banking client. Anita BalakrishnanNews Associate Related Securities Symbol Price   Change %Change AAPL --- Binge 'Walking Dead' a megahit, thanks in part to white-knuckled binge-watchers By: Marc Gilbert, senior producer, CNBC Walking Dead producer: The phenomenon is no accident    Walking Dead producer: The show isn’t about zombies    Terminator writer sounds alarm on AI    Walking Dead producer: VR makes me nauseous    To view this site, you need to have JavaScript enabled in your browser, and either the Flash Plugin or an HTML5-Video enabled browser. Download the latest Flash player and try again. Playing Share this video... × Watch Next...
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad GRAPHIC-Turkish lira's multi-year fall may not be over yet By Reuters Published: 11:11 EST, 1 February 2017 | Updated: 11:11 EST, 1 February 2017 e-mail By Karin Strohecker LONDON, Feb 1 (Reuters) - After weakening for four years in a row and suffering its worst January in almost quarter of a century, Turkey's lira currrency looks cheap on a historical basis. But the trough may not have been hit. The currency fell 18 percent last year against the dollar, and in real effective exchange rate (REER) terms - adjusted for inflation and against a range of currencies of its main trade partners - it weakened almost 10 percent. On a REER basis, the lira currently trades some 22 percent below its own 10-year average: http://tmsnrt.rs/2fHdpx5 And on a 20-year basis, it is 17 percent below its average: http://reut.rs/2jniKsD Only the Egyptian pound, devalued last year, and the Mexican peso, pummelled by U.S. President Donald Trump's trade threats, look cheaper on an REER basis versus historic averages. "On our broad overview of emerging market FX, Argentina and Mexico are cheaper, but Turkey is right towards the cheap end of the range, so the answer to the question (on whether it is undervalued) is 'yes'," said Robert Minikin, head of Asia FX strategy at Standard Chartered. But investors continue to flee, fearing more weakness ahead. "We are not convinced that the currency is undervalued ... and the simple reason for that is that almost all of the lira depreciation over the last five years has been offset by higher unit labour cost growth than its trading partners," UBS strategist Manik Narain said. Calculating the lira's "real" exchange rate on the basis of unit labour costs (ULC) - taking changes in productivity into account - the lira's depreciation looks less pronounced: http://bit.ly/2kUthuU Steep wage increases have boosted Turkey's unit labour costs more aggressively than those of its trade partners, Narain said, which is why exports and foreign direct investment have not responded as strongly to the depreciation as one might expect: http://bit.ly/2kg73nZ Investors are also disappointed with piecemeal policy tightening by the central bank, which is widely believed to be under political pressure to avoid raising rates too much. The other worry is Turkey's balance of payments deficit of roughly 4 percent of annual economic output. Jonathan Cavenagh at JPMorgan Chase calculates the lira at 7 percent below fair value but sees current valuations as "still not sufficient to compensate for the lack of monetary policy credibility, political risks and potential funding pressure". Another gauge is the fundamental equilibrium exchange rate (FEER) - the currency value consistent with full employment and a sustainable current account gap of around 3 percent. On this basis, the lira is around 9 percent overvalued, economists who pioneered FEER at the Washington DC-based Peterson Institute for International Economics calculated last November in a paper. Finally, currencies often continue depreciating well past what could be considered fair value if background noise is strong enough. The lira itself weakened for 12 consecutive years from 1992, before and after Turkey's 1994 financial crisis. "The thing to remember is that currency trends last a very long time and are rarely reversed by valuations, so there is no elastic-band effect," said Koon Chow, EM macro and FX strategist at UBP. "In Turkey, I don't know what the (turnaround) catalyst would be." (Additional reporting by Sujata Rao; Editing by Catherine Evans) Share or comment on this article e-mail Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS 'She is devastated': Kylie Minogue 'ends engagement to Joshua Sasse following suspicions about his relationship with an actress' George and Amal Clooney step out for a romantic dinner in Spain amid pregnancy rumours Ocean's Eleven star, 55, took his wife on a date Emily Ratajkowski flaunts her incredible curves and enviable abs in boho floral bikini as she smoulders in stunning new beach shoot PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Worse for wear David Beckham gallantly holds car door for Poppy Delevingne as they party together on her husband's birthday eve 'The cancer has gone, we are very happy': Michael Bublé's son Noah, 3, 'is recovering' from liver cancer after heartbreaking battle  Good news for singer Guest biogs, drones photographing from above and banquet feasting: 2017's HOTTEST wedding trends SPONSORED Swimming with turtles, lounging on the beach and catch ups over wine with the girls: Meet the jet setting, yoga loving beauty getting close to Kylie's man 'Miss this face every day': Wayne Rooney posts heartfelt Instagram tribute to Coleen's late sister Rosie on her birthday... five years after death That's a slippery slope! The Jump's Spencer Matthews 'caught up in love triangle with co-stars Vogue Williams and Jade Jones' On thin ice PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Amber Rose showcases her famous buxom curves in orange bikini as she chills out in Honolulu Beach babe  Nicola McLean's husband Tom Williams brands Kim Woodburn and Jedward the C-word in expletive filled rant after comments on CBB about wife's 'knockers' Angelina Jolie shares teaser of Netflix passion project she directed based on Cambodian genocide memoir Her Netflix passion project  Janet Jackson, 50, joins newborn son Eissa as he gets a visit from grandma Katherine, aunt Rebbie and uncle Randy Family fun She's got some front! Braless Dakota Johnson stuns in VERY plunging dress at Fifty Shades Darker premiere Exquisite No supporting act! Rita Ora steals the show at Fifty Shades Darker premiere in revealing dress...after being mocked for cameo role Dubbed her big break Where's the rest of it? Singer Halsey risks wardrobe malfunction with VERY revealing dress at Fifty Shades Darker premiere Left her cleavage bare Keeping mum! Rosie Huntington-Whiteley continues to spark pregnancy rumours as she protectively covers her tummy in LA Covered up What a drag! Scott Disick shares a suspicious-looking cigarette on his hotel balcony with a female friend  Smokin' (hot) women Kim Kardashian puts on eye-popping display in sheer tank as she steps out with sister Kourtney for dinner in Costa Rica Turning heads Getting hearts pumping! Mariah Carey hits the gym in cleavage-baring lingerie and HEELS She also needed her fishnet stockings  'I've not had a bum enlargement!' Comedian Katherine Ryan reveals shocking photo of her bare bottom covered in bruises is a FAKE Cheeky Red hot! Ashley James sizzles in flesh-flaunting mini dress as she showcases her ample cleavage and toned pins out in London Scarlet siren 'THICK!': Kylie Jenner shows off voluptuous figure in her own brand's yellow tracksuit Looking to make big inroads in the apparel market Christine Bleakley reveals retired footballer husband Frank Lampard has been 'in talks' to embark on acting career in Hollywood Scott Disick cosies up to a gaggle of women during trip to Miami after he professes love for on-off girlfriend Kourtney Kardashian Ladies man Make-up free Charlotte McKinney ditches the glamour as she steps out in sweats for casual day of shopping in West Hollywood Casual yet chic  Priorities in order! Heidi Klum reveals her panties as she pulls trousers down to her knees for a quick sunbathing session She's a cheeky one David Beckham opts for sunglasses and a low-key ensemble as he jets out of LAX... hours after partying with Poppy Delevingne Good night Love Island's Olivia Buckland looks effortlessly chic in a white leather jacket as she cuddles up to fiancé Alex Bowen That's a Lottie leg! Model Moss flashes her toned pins in thigh-skimming skirt as she makes an entrance at friend's birthday party Kate's little sister  Solange Knowles performs at free Super Bowl concert in Houston... just one day after sister Beyonce revealed she's pregnant with twins Meghan Markle has 'virtually moved in' with Prince Harry reveal friends of the actress as the pair enjoy a dinner date in London  'To the next level' 'Stop reaching!' Kylie Jenner, 19, calls fans 'f***** idiots' for claiming she wanted to make her waxwork's skin color darker than it really is Lambasted fans Handsome model David Gandy cuts a dapper figure in a dark camel coat as he steps out for lavish cocktail party Looking dapper  After the dramatic bus crash, life in Walford was (unfortunately) back to 'normal' in EastEnders, by Jim Shelley Anti-climatic Great guns! Chris Hemsworth's MASSIVE bulging bicep once again takes centre stage as fan tries to get in a selfie with star Australian actor 'I love you too dude': Kristen Stewart hypes Saturday Night Live hosting debut with Leslie Jones In a series of promotional clips for the NBC comedy PICTURE EXCLUSIVE Home sweet home! Neighbours welcome the Obamas back to their $4.3 million new D.C. home after their luxury break Kim Kardashian shows some leg in thigh-high lace-up boots as she steps out in NYC after meeting with French authorities for a second day in a row Blonde bombshell! Kim Basinger is back and how... as she wows on the red carpet in low-cut black gown at premiere of Fifty Shades Darker A part in erotic trilogy Miley Cyrus' sister Noah wears sheer dress to Fifty Shades Darker premiere in Los Angeles Make Me (Cry) songstress decided to show off her own flair Ferne McCann flashes her abs in a crop top as she films herself having non-surgical liposuction on her stomach after bum lift Back at it  'Not sure if I have the same confidence': Coco Austin shares throwback pic from racy car calendar shoot The 37-year-old shared a racy throwback pic Juliette Lewis shows off her svelte frame in skinny jeans with a khaki coat and hat while catching flight at LAX The actress cut a casual figure in skintight denim Blue jean baby! Paris Jackson wears crop top and denims with frayed cuffs as she enjoys a concert night out in LA Spotted leaving James Arthur's LA concert  Keri Russell wears minimal makeup as she steps out in skinny jeans and ankle boots while on the move in New York city Natural beauty Bundled up beauty! Zoe Kravitz dons blue duster coat with trousers and a heavy navy scarf while holding hands with boyfriend Karl Glusman She doesn't look a day older! Elle Macpherson, 52, shares a sweet throwback bikini photo of herself at the beach with her two sons in 2005 She's ripped! Kourtney Kardashian wears torn jeans and biker jacket as she takes daughter Penelope to Beverly Hills gallery Just back from holiday America's Next Top Model judge Tyson Beckford pulls GUN on process server outside his Miami apartment  A look back at Minogue's ill-fated relationships including her failed 'engagement' to Olivier Martinez as she 'splits from fiancé Joshua Sasse' ' 'She always wanted kids and I never did': Dannii Minogue spoke about her sister Kylie's, 48, hopes for a baby earlier this year Ended engagement Beyonce the work of art: Queen Bey's pregnancy photo series echoes famous paintings featuring Venus and the Virgin Mary Lena Dunham sports aggressive pink eyeshadow as she teams up with Girls cast at premiere of final season Heavy make-up Can't make up your mind? Allison Williams wears trousers AND a dress at premiere of Girls final season That's how you make an entrance... and an exit Leslie Mann looks smitten with Judd Apatow at Girls premiere... after revealing argument with daughters over 'inappropriate' snaps Leggy display! Erin McNaught flaunts her trim pins and flashes white lace bra in a thigh-skimming denim frock as she enjoys a pamper session 'She's the vilest woman I've ever met in my life': CBB's Coleen Nolan rants about Kim Woodburn as Nicola McLean vows to 'never to see her again'  'Prep with my man': Ellen Pompeo brings newborn son Eli to work as she gets ready for directorial debut on Grey's Anatomy Behind the scenes SEBASTIAN SHAKESPEARE: Georgia May Jagger and Grumpy Cat make it a date: Party team up for party in Germany to celebrate calendars  Is she fur real? Selma Blair wears red coat reminiscent of bath robe with animal hair trim around Los Angeles Looked like a very cosy cover up Part of the squad! Kelsea Ballerini says pal Taylor Swift taught her how to deal with fame as she covers Billboard magazine 'I'm really disappointed to be out!' Vogue Williams forced to QUIT The Jump just days before anticipated launch after suffering serious knee injury Babies, let's get in Formation! Beyonce 'set to perform at this year's Grammy Awards' after revealing she's pregnant with twins No slowing down That's quite the pregnancy album! Beyonce displays her baby bump in underwater video after announcing she's having twins Red hot! Emma Roberts shows off her new fiery colored hair as she leaves the salon in Hollywood Sporting freshly coloured tresses 'Call your senator': Amy Schumer continues anti-Trump activism by urging fans to oppose 'unqualified' Education Secretary pick Betsy DeVos 'I'm a sex goddess!' Teen Holly Willoughby, 18, grabs her assets as she makes saucy profession in sizzling throwback lingerie ad 'You have to bite the bullet': Kristen Stewart admits she is dreading her SNL hosting debut on Saturday Even if vampires don't make her flinch Khloe Kardashian helps Lauren lose 50 pounds and reconnect with her dead father on E! reality show Revenge Body With a celebrity trainer Making waves! Karlie Kloss sports curly locks and monochrome mini dress  during high fashion Vogue photo shoot at Sydney's Bondi Beach Lena Dunham admits she crossed 'boundaries of professionalism' as she reveals she once 'made out' with a Girls guest star  James Corden jokes about being the lowest paid late night talk show host on television... ahead of Grammys hosting gig But he's hit the big time... 'I've had some really bad hairstyles': Shane Warne reveals style disasters as ex-cricketer celebrates 10 years as an Advanced Hair Studio ambassador Borne this way! Lady Gaga gets police escort to NRG Stadium in Houston as she rehearses for Super Bowl Halftime Show  She's all fired up 'Yo I made it!' Rihanna steps out in biker chic ensemble... after celebrating Mariah Carey wearing her Fenty heels to the GYM Dressed in all black In bed with Hilary Duff! Star shows off her legs while wearing only panties and a T-shirt on Instagram A long way from being a self-conscious teen Is this the end of underwear? Why stars are forgoing bras and pants on the red carpet (and why they believe it makes them look more CLASSY) Victoria's Secret stars Jasmine Tookes, Martha Hunt and Taylor Hill bring the heat to Miami with sizzling bikini photo shoot Trio of Angels  Lily-Rose Depp goes on spending spree at Chanel in Beverly Hills... amid reports of dad Johnny's ongoing financial woes Karl Lagerfeld's muse Make-up free Julia Roberts, 49, looks bright as she goes shopping for interior decor with daughter Hazel in Malibu Had a stylish wintry get-up Just like mom! Rumer Willis stars in Gap campaign paying homage to mother Demi Moore and her 1990 ad Just like her famous mother Demi Kate Moss, 43, goes completely naked for W magazine as she joins Jennifer Lopez, Jessica Chastain, Taraji P Henson and Donatella Versace Quite the treat! Sara Gilbert has mother-son date with Rhodes at Jessica's Biel's pricey Au Fudge restaurant in Los Angeles Spoiling her little boy  A look at Shanina Shaik and fiancé DJ Ruckus' $100,000-a-month Miami rental property with incredible waterfront views and a heated swimming pool  Miranda gets her dream role in Annie: Actress in final negotiations to play Miss Hannigan when musical moves into the Piccadilly Theatre  'F*** you Price is Right!': Aaron Paul aims for game show redemption with the help of James Corden 17 years after walking away a loser A gloomy affair is saved by the belle: The Glass Menagerie is glum but Cherry Jones gives a fine turn, writes QUENTIN LETTS   SEBASTIAN SHAKESPEARE: Who silenced royal rebel Lady Amelia? Duke of Kent's granddaughter deletes her Instagram account  Upbeat Elbow go out on a limb: Little Fictions is a slow-burning blockbuster, writes ADRIAN THRILLS  JAN MOIR: Apple Tree Yard and a brutally real portrait of a wife in crisis  It caused controversy and divided opinion Coco Austin puts on a busty display as she steps out with baby Chanel... as Ice T proudly reveals his daughter has inherited his 'mean mug' Focused on family: Bethenny Frankel spends some quality time time with daughter Bryn after nasty drama with her ex Family first Making a dog's dinner of it! CBB's Jedward and Bianca Gascoigne try not to gag as they're forced to eat unsavoury 'mystery can' Not good enough to eat Tallia Storm flaunts her tanned and toned legs in a sequinned silver mini dress and chunky black ankle boots at fashion party Leggy lady Making them green with envy! Camilla dazzles in a velvet gown as she brings some glamour to the British Asian Trust dinner in London  'If there's anyone designed to deal with it, it's her': Meghan Markle's on-screen Suits fiancé Patrick J. Adams approves of her royal romance 'She's the love of my life': Scott Disick declares Kourtney Kardashian is the one in KUWTK trailer...before getting cuddly with beauties in Miami 'The shoot is not soft porn, it is actual fashion': Victoria's Secret model Bridget Malcolm defends posing naked for Playboy Make-up free Cindy Crawford shows off her svelte figure in skintight jeans and plunging white top ahead of 51st birthday Fit at 50 Enjoying a bit too much Pillowtalk? Pop heartthrob Zayn Malik sports a serious case of bed head as he enjoys shopping trip in Beverly Hills Going solo! Taylor Swift releases filmed acoustic rehearsal of I Don't Wanna Live Forever... without singing partner Zayn When two become one 'I didn't want to play a crack addict': Naomie Harris reveals she initially turned down Moonlight because of 'negative portrayals of women' in film That's one way to go viral! Mariah Carey poses in racy lingerie as she streams Facebook Live video...and hits one million views in first hour Busty Preeya Kalidas flashes her legs in a glamorous baby blue gown with dramatic ruffles at British Asian Trust dinner Blue-tiful Master and Apprentice! Arnold Schwarzenegger lunches with Mickey Rourke... after hitting back at Trump over ratings  Celebrity yearbook photos including Jimmy Kimmel in a tacky prom shirt, Tina Fey clutching a rose and a baby-faced Amy Adams are brought to life for Super Bowl ad Keke Palmer reveals truce with Trey Songz after claims he filmed her without her consent as she puts on another fashion show in New York You're fired! Gloomy Ivanka is pictured leaving DC home after Nordstrom drops her fashion brand amid angry boycott by thousands of women 'I can't wait to share our journey': New mum Stephanie Davis dotes over baby son Caben-Albi in adorable video  Preparing to raise her newborn alone 'I have three hearts': Pregnant Beyoncé strips NAKED to show off her baby bump in intimate snaps after announcing she is expecting twins  'Having twins is the most incredible experience ever!' Mariah Carey congratulates pal Beyonce after baby news   'Targeting the weakest does not show strength,' Angelina Jolie pens op-ed for the New York Times about refugee policy  Scarlett Johansson flaunts her famous curves in nude-looking suit in a sneak peek of her new movie Ghost In The Shell ahead of trailer  Naked tummy! Gigi Hadid models crop top that exposes her belly button and adds leather jacket to help keep out chill in NYC Tum's the word 'You made a reputation by showing your knockers!' CBB's Kim Woodburn takes aim at 'vile little creature' Nicola McLean as she's branded 'scum' Wigged out! Oprah Winfrey looks virtually unrecognisable in crimped blonde hairpiece on Los Angeles set of A Wrinkle In Time EXCLUSIVE Tequila shots, karaoke and a VERY A-list crowd: Behind-the-scenes at Harry Styles' 23rd birthday bash with Adele and Cindy Crawford Forgotten something? Lisa Appleton struggles to contain her ample assets as she dons a pair of tiny bikini briefs in Spain She always turns heads EXCLUSIVE: Timbaland's divorce lawyer slaps a lien on the music producer's $5 million Miami mansion for unpaid bills Pricey The apple of his (Beady) Eye! Liam Gallagher's son Gene sports similar haircut and same distinctive eyebrows as rocker dad on shopping spree 'It's time for us to embrace': Matthew McConaughey says celebrities should accept Trump is president and 'be constructive' 'This performance is for everyone': Lady Gaga talks up 'athletic' halftime show at Super Bowl after dancing in her underwear backstage Bikini-clad Kim Zolciak calls her husband Kroy Biermann 'sexy' as she posts photo of him in a very tight Speedo during beach getaway Fun in the sun J.C. Penney defends Beyonce using her own lyrics after critics snidely suggest that her 'awkward' pregnancy photo was taken at the retailer's portrait studio Fans accuse Beyoncé of copying M.I.A.'s music video for her maternity shoot - just months after the Sri Lankan rapper said Bey stole her sound What controversy? Mel Gibson smiles as his upcoming police brutality film Dragged Across Concrete sparks a social media backlash 'I get paid quite well to not be biased!': Rylan Clark-Neal hits out at claims CBB BOTS is unfair to housemates... as he confirms he'll still host the spin-off show  Drew Barrymore wanted 'ultra-traditional' upbringing for her two daughters as she calls split from husband her 'worst nightmare'  Back to basics Jamie Dornan flaunts his muscular physique as he showcases impressive pommel horse trick on Conan O'Brien Impressive Looking extra pouty! Rumer Willis shows off bigger lips as she attends opening of new basement bar in New York Getting lippy Selena Gomez is nominated for Kids' Choice Award as her current beau The Weeknd goes up against ex Bieber in 2017 nominations Oops, she did it again! Britney Spears suffers an EPIC wardrobe malfunction as she exposes her bare breast during Las Vegas show Kanye West is reprimanded by CFDA for his 'bad behavior' after failing to liaise with NYFW organizers about his Yeezy Season Five show Kim Kardashian looks slimmer than ever as she flaunts her gym-honed figure in black bikini alongside sister Kourtney during family getaway in Costa Rica Nicki Minaj invests in huge security upgrade for mansion following brazen thieves steal $200K worth of property and trash her home  Taking no chances 'I started doing hard drugs at age 12': Khloe Kardashian listens as latest Revenge Body contestant reveals she turned to meth to get thin 'We need a security guard 24-7': Kim Kardashian amps up protection for family in KUWTK sneak peek following armed heist Harrowing news Jennifer Connelly opts for a low-key look in a navy coat and beanie as she enjoys a stroll with husband Paul Bettany in New York Feeling the chill Oscar-winning Leonardo DiCaprio gets his meat seasoned by viral meme sensation Salt Bae at the chef's Dubai steakhouse  Just a sprinkle  Feeling Ferry saucy! Geordie Shore's Chloe leaves little to the imagination as she flaunts her ample assets and tiny waist in skimpy lingerie Ola Jordan and Heidi Montag look worse for wear as they twerk up a storm during wild night out with husbands James and Spencer Justin brings Bieber Fever to the Super Bowl with wacky dance moves as he honours the history of touchdown celebrations in new advert 'Things just didn't work out': Singer Ella Eyre 'amicably' ends her two-year relationship with Rixton drummer Lewi Morgan Sad news  Kim Kardashian relives horror of Paris jewel heist by testifying in New York after a judge flew to meet her to identify armed men who robbed her at gunpoint CBB's Bianca Gascoigne puts on an eye-popping display as she poses provocatively in lingerie for racy pre-show photo shoot EXCLUSIVE 'I love to mix it up!': Ellie Goulding reveals the secrets behind her stunning athletic shape She's a fitness enthusiast  Alesha Dixon dares to be different in sexy leather mesh dress with sheer skirt as she joins glam Amanda Holden at Britain's Got Talent auditions in Birmingham Victoria Beckham shows off slim figure in chic trousers and polo-neck for shopping trip ... but STILL keeps her favourite sunglasses on in drizzly London Don't let mum and dad see! Brooklyn Beckham tucks into HUGE baguette during London day out without health fanatic parents David and Victoria  'I've got my priorities really in order!': Rob Lowe laughs as Jimmy Kimmel ribs him over job ad for assistant who can turn on his jacuzzi and arrange massages 'I really fell in love': Iskra Lawrence posts lingerie selfie as she reveals she's learned to accept her curves while inspiring women to celebrate their bodies 'Everybody's looking': New Fifty Shades Darker trailer reveals glamorous Masquerade Ball sequence A new promo has debuted  'I'm more nervous on runways now' than when I was 21': Naomi Campbell, 46, admits she feels 'vulnerable' on the catwalk alongside younger models 'I'd love to be with Kate Middleton!': Drew Barrymore reveals she fancies the Duchess of Cambridge... as she jokes about being 'naughty in my forties' 'Breakouts have made me stay in my house all day': Ashley Benson opens up about her struggle with acne at the launch of a spot-reducing gel product Johnny Depp brands former business managers 'reprehensible' after details of his spendthrift $2million-a-month lifestyle emerge  McQueen Bey! Hollyoaks' pregnant matriarch Myra recreates THAT Beyonce baby pic... yet swaps designer lingerie for sports top and cardi Lottie Moss cuts a demure figure in lace-up jeans and fur coat as she hits the town for casual night out Certainly looked the part of a fashion model  It's Patsy TANsit! Actress overdoes the bronzer as she dons workout gear for energetic jog in the rain Not exactly tanning weather in London 'It left me bereft': Kris Marshall quits Death In Paradise after Caribbean filming separated him from his family... as fans mourn 'heartbreaking' news No dramas! Danielle Lloyd steps out in double denim after furiously denying Nicola McLean's claims she attended her wedding to Jamie O'Hara CBB's Nicola McLean flaunts her ample assets in racy lace lingerie as she poses for saucy pre-show shoot WAG and glamour model, 35 'It's a disaster!': Make-up free Dakota Johnson dons fur coat at LAX airport after revealing everything she says turns sexual Only the best for the Lord! Scott Disick stayed in $12,500 a night suite in Miami after fleeing Kardashian Costa Rican getaway 'I've never met a hater whose life I wish I had': Gabrielle Union bites back at mean girls as she flaunts her fabulous figure at 44 in Women's Health Trump requests prayers for Arnold Schwarzenegger and his Apprentice ratings... as his replacement suggest they switch jobs  'WAKE UP & JOIN THE RESISTANCE': Sarah Silverman calls for a military coup to overthrow President Trump Controversial statement Twinning! Cindy Crawford's son Presley Gerber steps out with girlfriend Lily - whose model good looks will fit right in Strictly's rumoured new head judge Gary Edwards suffers 'TV fail' when he continuously refers to Len Goodman as a 'matriarch' rather than a patriarch Imogen Thomas displays her curves in colourful swimwear at the launch of her new collection... as she reveals her relationship has lost its spark Gaz Beadle transforms into a naughty pensioner as he hits the gym and chats girls up in hilarious prank ahead of Spring Break with Grandad launch Just like Linda! Lusardi's daughter Lucy Kane shows an uncanny resemblance to her mum... as she 'blows judges away on The Voice End of an era! Designer Riccardo Tisci leaves Givenchy after 12 YEARS with the French fashion house - as rumors suggest he is heading to Versace Move over George! Adorable Prince of Bhutan proves himself a contender for world's cutest royal baby as he poses for his first birthday portrait Nick Gordon steps out on second anniversary of the day girlfriend Bobbi Kristina was tragically found unresponsive in bathtub 'I love having her around again': Brooke Vincent reveals she was instrumental in her on-screen sister Helen Flanagan's return to Coronation Street Drinking problems! Coronation Street viewers spot a major props blunder when Kate serves Toyah a glass of wine from an EMPTY bottle Who said acting was easy? Joanne Froggatt shelters from the rain as she braves freezing conditions while filming Liar in Kent Alice Eve oozes classic Hollywood glamour in a sophisticated all-black ensemble as she enjoys a low-key dinner in LA British beauty Gigi Hadid wears nothing but a tiny miniskirt as she goes braless for tasteful LOVE magazine shoot Stunning black and white snap  That's a butt rude! Rita Ora is cheeky in see-through gym pants ... as she steps out in LA after congratulating Beyonce on her pregnancy news What a view! Will pregnant Beyonce still perform at Coachella? Singer's April headline slot is uncertain after announcement she's expecting twins The adorable moment Prince Harry pranks an unimpressed school boy with the 'wrong shoulder' trick (and acts surprised when the joke's turned on him) Bella Thorne flaunts her taut tummy as she works up a sweat with her wild moves while leading a dance class Energetic night! Heidi Klum steals the spotlight in a quirky black Victoriana-style ensemble and heavy jewels as she shoots Germany's Next Top Model 'We do get a bit delirious': Rebel Wilson and Anna Kendrick share behind-the-scenes Pitch Perfect 3 video after filming for 15 hours Geordie Shore's Holly Hagan shows off her toned curves as she shares an eye-popping bikini shot from her holiday in Thailand 'I absolutely hate my natural look': Katie Price shares rare 'make-up free' selfie as she takes a break from her hair extensions Ed Sheeran fans hit out at touts after tickets to the British pop star's UK tour were being sold online for up to £1,000 just minutes after going on sale  Racy in red! Lucy Mecklenburgh shows off her stunningly slim figure in chic bikini as she posts yet ANOTHER swimsuit snap from Dubai trip 'Let me come in your changing room!' Trinny Woodall accidentally propositions Phillip Schofield live on This Morning leaving Holly Willoughby in hysterics What a bikini body! Justin Bieber's 'ex' Sahara Ray almost busts out of her skimpy swimwear in racy Instagram snap after THAT lingerie shot Lorraine Kelly can't contain her giggles as she recreates the famous pottery scene from the movie Ghost with Dr Hilary Jones as Patrick Swayze  Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
Subscribe Manage Account LOG IN Don't Miss A mixed close for stocks on Wall Street Manager named for $19.5M community health fund Officials forming ‘ad hoc’ drag-racing committee Northwell opens heart hospital LI sales rep sentenced in vending machine scam Priciest home sales in Sea Cliff New York AG joins lawsuit challenging Trump’s immigrant ban Priciest home sales in Manhasset Stocks open modestly lower Thursday Productivity slows to 1.2 percent rate in Q4 Long Island Business News The premier source of Long Island news and data on business, economic trends and the region’s robust entrepreneurial sector. News Economy Education Energy Finance Government Healthcare Law Nonprofit Opinion Real Estate Small Business Technology Transportation Video Events Events Directory Events Calendar Events Photo Gallery Lists Lists Back Issues Advertising Rates Digital Marketing Reprints Classifieds Calendar Networking Events Editorial Calendar E-edition Digital Edition Digital Edition Archives Special Publications Public Notice E-alerts Home / Stocks Scroller / Stocks rise on hiring survey Wednesday Get our free LIBN e-alerts & breaking news notifications! AP Photo Stocks rise on hiring survey Wednesday By: The Associated Press February 1, 2017 0 Stocks are moving higher Wednesday morning after a survey showed private U.S. employers hired new workers at a faster pace in January, a sign that the economy could be getting stronger. Technology stocks are climbing after Apple said iPhone sales improved in its last quarter, which sent its stock to its highest price in more than a year. The market is building on a late surge a day earlier. KEEPING SCORE: The Dow Jones industrial average gained 81 points, or 0.4 percent, to 19,945 as of 10 a.m. Eastern time. The Standard & Poor’s 500 index rose 7 points, or 0.3 percent, to 2,285. The Nasdaq composite jumped 36 points, or 0.6 percent, to 5,650. The Russell 2000 index of smaller company stocks picked up 10 points, or 0.8 percent, to 1,372. Stocks rallied over the final two hours of trading Tuesday, and while that wasn’t enough to prevent the S&P 500 from falling for the fourth day in a row, it showed investors believed the market was not going to fall much further. JOB GAINS: A survey by payroll services provider ADP said private employers added far more jobs than expected in January. The gain of 246,000 jobs was the most in a single month since June. The hiring was widespread, with the construction, manufacturing, health care and shipping industries all adding jobs at a solid pace. That was a positive sign for the health of the economy. Investors sold government bonds, which are fairly safe investments that are more in demand when the economy seems weaker. They also sold shares of companies that pay large dividends, which are considered similar to bonds. The U.S. government will release its own monthly jobs report Friday. APPLE POLISHED: Apple jumped to its highest price in a year and a half after it said consumers snapped up its new iPhone 7 and 7 Plus over the last three months. That ended the first-ever slump in iPhone sales, and Apple’s first-quarter results were stronger than analysts expected. Its stock rose $6.51, or 5.4 percent, to $127.86. The big gains for Apple, the world’s most valuable publicly-traded company, took technology stocks higher. THE PITS: Mailing equipment and software company Pitney Bownes slid $2.19, or 13.8 percent, to $13.73 after its quarterly sales fell short of expectations and its profit forecast disappointed Wall Street. BONDS: U.S. government bond prices fell. The yield on the 10-year Treasury note jumped to 2.49 percent from 2.44 percent. Financial stocks rose, as higher interest rates allow banks to charge more money for lending. Lincoln National climbed $1.52, or 2.3 percent, to $69.03 and JPMorgan Chase rose $1.06, or 1.3 percent, to $85.69. CURRENCIES: The dollar gained strength after the jobs survey. It rose to 113.65 yen from 112.76 yen. The euro fell to $1.0759 from $1.0803. ENERGY: U.S. crude oil added 44 cents to $53.25 a barrel in New York. Brent crude, the benchmark for international oil prices, gained 54 cents, or 1 percent, to $56.12 a barrel in London. OVERSEAS: Stocks in Europe got a boost from the ADP survey and a report that said manufacturing in China grew at its fastest pace in two years in January. Heavy government spending and more lending by banks helped keep economic activity steady. Germany’s DAX was up 1.6 percent while the CAC 40 of France rose 1.5 percent. The FTSE 100 index in Britain was 0.6 percent higher. Japan’s Nikkei 225 rose 0.6 percent after a skid on Tuesday. The Kospi in South Korea jumped 0.6 percent. Hong Kong’s Hang Seng fell 0.2 percent. Share this: Email Print LinkedIn Facebook Twitter Google 10:57 am Wed, February 1, 2017 The Associated Press A mixed close for stocks on Wall Street February 2, 2017 Manager named for $19.5M community health fund February 2, 2017 Officials forming ‘ad hoc’ drag-racing committee February 2, 2017 Northwell opens heart hospital February 2, 2017 LI sales rep sentenced in vending machine scam February 2, 2017 Priciest home sales in Sea Cliff February 2, 2017 Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment Name * Email * Website   Notify me of follow-up comments by email. Notify me of new posts by email. Editor’s Picks Our best, right now. Manager named for $19.5M community health fund by Claude Solnik | Feb. 2 Officials forming ‘ad hoc’ drag-racing committee by Adina Genn | Feb. 2 Northwell opens heart hospital by Claude Solnik | Feb. 2 LI sales rep sentenced in vending machine scam by Adina Genn | Feb. 2 Priciest home sales in Sea Cliff by David Winzelberg | Feb. 2 Movers & Shakers Sheehan & Co. promotes one Grassi adds partner Mather Hospital taps three African American Chamber of Commerce taps one Digital Edition The look and feel of print, on your screen. Current edition Subscribe now Special Publications Access the latest Special Publication Subscribe now LIBN on Flickr Follow Us Subscribe To RSS Feed 16,717 Followers 2,660 Fans The Poll Do you place bets on the Super Bowl? Yes - I buy into every Super Bowl box I can! Yes - I bet more than $50 Yes - I bet between $1 - $50 No - I don't gamble No - I hate the Super Bowl! View Results  Loading ... Tweets by LIBN My Account LOG IN SUBSCRIBE MANAGE ACCOUNT PRIVACY POLICY SUBSCRIBER AGREEMENT Recent Posts A mixed close for stocks on Wall Street Manager named for $19.5M community health fund Officials forming ‘ad hoc’ drag-racing committee Northwell opens heart hospital LI sales rep sentenced in vending machine scam Priciest home sales in Sea Cliff LIBN ABOUT CONTACT US EVENTS REPRINTS ADVERTISE Copyright © 2017 Long Island Business News | 2150 Smithtown Avenue, Suite 7, Ronkonkoma, NY 11779 a mile south of the Long Island Expressway at exit 60 x Check Also New York AG joins lawsuit challenging Trump’s immigrant ban Says ban violates federal laws, harms NY schools, businesses  Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
continue to article News All Local News Search Last 36 hours Nation + World Environment Politics Justice Polygamy Health Care Education Weather Utah's Right Elevate Empower Utah Legal Notices Sports Utah Jazz RSL Utah Utes BYU Cougars USU Aggies WSU Wildcats Preps Grizzlies Bees Outdoors Winter Sports College Monson Kragthorpe All-time BYU football stats All-time Utes football stats Blogs The Utah Effect Politics UPIN The Cricket TV Jazz Notes U of U Sports BYU Sports Prep Sports RSL Hiking Outdoors & Travel Sundance More Blogs Opinion Editorials Commentary Letters Bagley Cartoon Gehrke Rolly Cannon Kirby Blog: State of the Debate Submit a Letter Faith Religion news LDS Church Faith Blog Entertainment Calendar Film-Finder Movies Restaurants Lifestyle Arts Food Music TV Sundance Shopping Puzzles & Games Comics Horoscopes Cool Stuff The Legacy of Joe Hill I Love videos Whatever Happened To... Special Reports Videos Photo Galleries Utah Bucket List Mormon Rivals Preparing to play Paul Rolly Roast Money Top Workplaces The Realty Show Home Prices Obituaries Jobs Top Employer Top Educator Top Jobs Employment News Employers Post A Job Contact Us Homes Find a Home Find a Realtor Rentals Cars Find a car Browse Dealers Fuel Stop Top Workplaces Top Workplaces Subscribe    Print New Subscription Register for e-Edition Access your e-Edition Print Registration Print Login    sltrib.com Membership Become a Supporting Member Premium Ad-Free Site Login Account Login Member FAQ Toggle navigation News All Local News Search Last 36 hours Nation + World Environment Politics Justice Polygamy Health Care Education Weather Utah's Right Elevate Empower Utah Legal Notices    SPONSORED BY: Sports Utah Jazz RSL Utah Utes BYU Cougars USU Aggies WSU Wildcats Preps Grizzlies Bees Outdoors Winter Sports College Monson Kragthorpe All-time BYU football stats All-time Utes football stats Blogs The Utah Effect Politics UPIN The Cricket TV Jazz Notes U of U Sports BYU Sports Prep Sports RSL Hiking Outdoors & Travel Sundance More Blogs Opinion Editorials Commentary Letters Bagley Cartoon Gehrke Rolly Cannon Kirby Blog: State of the Debate Submit a Letter Faith Religion news LDS Church Faith Blog Entertainment Sundance Calendar Film-Finder Movies Restaurants Lifestyle Arts Food Music TV Shopping Puzzles & Games Comics Horoscopes    SPONSORED BY: Cool Stuff The Legacy of Joe Hill I Love videos Whatever Happened To... Special Reports Videos Photo Galleries Utah Bucket List Mormon Rivals Preparing to play Paul Rolly Roast Money Top Workplaces The Realty Show Home Prices Obituaries Jobs Top Employer Top Educator Top Jobs Employment News Employers Post A Job Contact Us    SPONSORED BY: Homes Find a Home Find a Realtor Rentals Cars Find a car Browse Dealers Fuel Stop    SPONSORED BY: Top Workplaces Subscribe    Print New Subscription Register for e-Edition Access your e-Edition Print Registration Print Login    sltrib.com Membership Become a Supporting Member Premium Ad-Free Site Login Account Login Member FAQ Home » News Salt Lake City 29 ° Traffic / Ski Report Stories from last 36 hours WWW.SLTRIB.COM FEB 3, 2017 Become a Member | Ad-Free Login Home » News FEB 3, 2017  |  Salt Lake City 29 °  |  Traffic / Ski Report Stories from last 36 hours Become a Member | Ad-Free Login Home » News Become a Member | Ad-Free Login Apple surges on iPhone sales; stocks wobble By MARLEY JAY The Associated Press First Published Feb 01 2017 08:51AM    •    Last Updated Feb 01 2017 01:23 pm Single page Share This Article New York • U.S. stock indexes are hardly moving Wednesday after the Federal Reserve left interest rates unchanged. Investors didn't expect rates to rise, but stocks remained in a holding pattern until after the decision was announced. Apple jumped to its highest price in more than a year after it said iPhone sales improved in its latest quarter. KEEPING SCORE: The Dow Jones industrial average added 33 points, or 0.2 percent, to 19,897 as of 12:33 p.m. Mountain time. The Standard & Poor's 500 remained at 2,279. The Nasdaq composite added 25 points, or 0.5 percent, to 5,640. The Russell 2000 index of smaller company stocks held steady at 1,361. VIDEOS TOP JOBS APPLE'S CORE: Apple is heading toward its biggest daily jump in almost three years after it said consumers snapped up its new iPhone 7 and 7 Plus over the last three months. That ended the first-ever slump in iPhone sales, and Apple's first-quarter results were stronger than analysts expected. Its stock rose $8.62, or 7.1 percent, to $129.97, its highest price in about 18 months. The big gains for Apple, the world's most valuable publicly-traded company, took technology stocks higher. Chipmaker Advanced Micro Devices also climbed $1.56, or 15 percent, to $11.93. AMD reported a profit when analysts expected a loss, and its sales were greater than expected. FED STANDS PAT: The Federal Reserve left its key interest rate unchanged, just as investors expected. The central bank noted that the job market is getting stronger and inflation is gradually rising, but said it wants more time to monitor the economy. THE QUOTE: Investors had assumed rates would stay the same this month. Kate Warne, an investment strategist for Edward Jones, noted that the central bank just increased rates in December and the Trump administration's spending and fiscal plans still haven't been spelled out. "They'll wait until they actually know what's going to happen," she said of the Fed. JOB GAINS: A survey showed private U.S. employers hired new workers at a faster pace in January, a sign that the economy could be getting stronger. The hiring was greater than expected, and the construction, manufacturing, health care and shipping industries all adding jobs at a solid pace. The U.S. government will release its own monthly jobs report Friday. "Economic growth appears to be strengthening even though fourth-quarter growth came in weak," said Warne, of Edward Jones. BONDS: Investors reacted to the hiring report by selling government bonds, which are relatively safe investments that are in greater demand when the economy seems weaker. Bond prices fell. The yield on the 10-year Treasury note jumped to 2.47 percent from 2.44 percent. Financial stocks rose, as higher interest rates allow banks to charge more money for lending. Lincoln National climbed $1.48, or 2.2 percent, to $68.99 and JPMorgan Chase rose 72 cents to $85.35. Stocks that pay large dividends traded lower as bond yields rose. Dominion Resources dropped $4.26, or 5.6 percent, to $72 after a weak quarterly report. ENERGY: Oil prices stayed within a small range. U.S. crude added $1.07, or 2 percent, to close at $53.88 a barrel in New York. Brent crude, the benchmark for international oil prices, gained $1.12, or 2 percent, to $56.70 a barrel in London. U.S. oil has stayed between roughly $52 and $55 a barrel for the last two months. The S&P 500's energy company index is on track to fall for the fifth day in a row. It's down 3 percent over that time and has sunk 7 percent since Dec. 13. ALUMINUM ACTIVISM: Lightweight aluminum products maker Arconic surged after its largest shareholder said the company needs new leadership. Elliott Management nominated five potential directors to Arconic's board. The company said it stands by CEO Klaus Kleinfeld and that Elliott's moves are not in the best interest of all shareholders. » Next page... Single page   Share This Article JOIN THE DISCUSSION     Post a Comment POPULAR STORIES The last refugees Utah couple sentenced to jail in connection with death of baby Berkeley campus chaos over canceled Milo Yiannopoulos appearance spurs free-speech questions Comments: Utah football: In Texas and Hawaii, Utes take a step forward in recruiting Utah football: Utes strike gold with some targets, miss out on some big ones as well ELEVATE H&R Block Announces Two New Offers: Refund Advance of Up to $1,250 and Free Federal 1040EZ   Professional-in-Residence Jim Mortensen Prepares Students to Become Top Advisors   3 Unforgettable Date Night Ideas   Contests and Promotions COMMENTS POST A COMMENT      () News All Local News Search Last 36 hours Nation + World RSS Twitter Environment Politics Justice Polygamy Education Weather Utah's Right Elevate Empower Utah Cool Stuff The Legacy of Joe Hill I Love videos Whatever Happened To... Special Reports Videos Photo Galleries Utah Bucket List Mormon Rivals Preparing to play Sports All Sports Olympics TribPreps Utah Jazz Utah Utes BYU Cougars USU Aggies WSU Wildcats College RSL Grizzlies Bees Winter Sports Outdoors Gordon Monson Kurt Kragthorpe All-time BYU football stats All-time Utes football stats Money All Money Top Workplaces Home Prices Blogs All Blogs Politics The Cricket TV Jazz Notes U of U Sports BYU Sports Prep Sports RSL Hiking Sundance Opinion All Opinion Editorials Commentary Letters Bagley Cartoons Gehrke Rolly Cannon Kirby Submit a Letter Faith All Faith LDS Church Religion news Faith Blog Entertainment All Entertainment Calendar Film-Finder Movies Restaurants Lifestyle Arts Food Music TV Sundance Shopping Puzzles & Games Comics Horoscopes Membership Ad-Free Site Login Become a Member Account Login Member FAQ Obituaries Search Obituaries Place an Obituary Marketplace Search Cars Search Homes Search Jobs Search Marketplace Legal Notices Other Services Advertise With Us Subscribe to the Newspaper Access your e-Edition Frequently Asked Questions Contact a newsroom staff member Access the Trib Archives Privacy Policy Missing your paper? Need to place your paper on vacation hold? For this and any other subscription related needs, click here or call 801.204.6100 Copyright @ 2017, The Salt Lake Tribune
Home About/Contact US Privacy Policy Staff Daily Email Updates Headlines Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Investing LHC Group - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for LHC Group with our FREE daily email newsletter: Recent Posts Fresenius Medical Care AG & Co. KGaA (FME) PT Set at €85.00 by Warburg Research J P Morgan Chase & Co Analysts Give Infineon Technologies AG (IFXA) a €18.00 Price Target J P Morgan Chase & Co Analysts Give Infineon Technologies AG (IFXA) a €18.00 Price Target Macquarie Reiterates €150.00 Price Target for Volkswagen AG (VOW3) TransGlobe Energy (TGL) – Investment Analysts’ Recent Ratings Changes Gap, Inc. (The) (GPS) Short Interest Update General Electric Company (GE) Short Interest Update Oppenheimer Holdings Comments on Graco Inc.’s Q1 2017 Earnings (GGG) Equities Analysts Issue Forecasts for Graco Inc.’s Q1 2017 Earnings (GGG) Zacks: Crown Crafts, Inc. (CRWS) Given Average Recommendation of “Strong Buy” by Brokerages CONSOL Energy Inc. (CNX) Stock Rating Lowered by SunTrust Banks, Inc. Booker Group Plc (BOK) Given “Buy” Rating at Goldman Sachs Group, Inc. (The) Hays plc (HAS) Price Target Raised to GBX 170 Jay Shepard Sells 24,211 Shares of Versartis, Inc. (VSAR) Stock Christopher M. Connor Sells 117,458 Shares of Sherwin-Williams Company (The) (SHW) Stock Neil Smit Sells 133,314 Shares of Comcast Corporation (CMCSA) Stock Delphi Automotive PLC (DLPH) Releases FY17 Earnings Guidance Ingredion Incorporated (INGR) Releases FY17 Earnings Guidance Vantiv, Inc. (VNTV) Releases Quarterly Earnings Results, Beats Estimates By $0.03 EPS Aceto Corporation (ACET) Posts Quarterly Earnings Results, Misses Estimates By $0.08 EPS Benchmark Co. Begins Coverage on LHC Group (LHCG) Posted by Tony Sherman on Feb 1st, 2017 // No Comments Tweet Benchmark Co. began coverage on shares of LHC Group (NASDAQ:LHCG) in a report released on Friday. The brokerage issued a buy rating and a $55.00 price target on the stock. A number of other equities research analysts have also weighed in on the company. Zacks Investment Research lowered LHC Group from a buy rating to a sell rating in a research report on Wednesday, January 4th. Craig Hallum assumed coverage on LHC Group in a research report on Friday, December 16th. They set a buy rating and a $50.00 target price for the company. One equities research analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, two have given a hold rating and six have issued a buy rating to the stock. The stock currently has a consensus rating of Buy and a consensus target price of $49.25. LHC Group (NASDAQ:LHCG) traded up 0.48% during midday trading on Friday, hitting $50.37. The company had a trading volume of 13,166 shares. The stock has a market capitalization of $915.53 million, a PE ratio of 25.70 and a beta of 1.04. The stock has a 50 day moving average price of $45.63 and a 200-day moving average price of $40.89. LHC Group has a 52 week low of $32.04 and a 52 week high of $50.63. LHC Group (NASDAQ:LHCG) last issued its earnings results on Wednesday, November 2nd. The company reported $0.54 earnings per share for the quarter, beating the Zacks’ consensus estimate of $0.50 by $0.04. The business earned $230 million during the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $224.60 million. LHC Group had a return on equity of 9.59% and a net margin of 3.84%. LHC Group’s revenue was up 13.1% on a year-over-year basis. During the same period in the previous year, the company posted $0.50 EPS. On average, equities analysts predict that LHC Group will post $2.07 EPS for the current year. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY WARNING: “Benchmark Co. Begins Coverage on LHC Group (LHCG)” was first reported by Web Breaking News and is owned by of Web Breaking News. If you are reading this news story on another website, it was stolen and republished in violation of international copyright and trademark law. The correct version of this news story can be read at http://www.webbreakingnews.com/2017/02/01/benchmark-co-begins-coverage-on-lhc-group-lhcg.html. In other news, CEO Keith G. Myers sold 2,203 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction dated Friday, November 18th. The stock was sold at an average price of $43.53, for a total value of $95,896.59. Following the sale, the chief executive officer now owns 144,615 shares in the company, valued at $6,295,090.95. The sale was disclosed in a document filed with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which can be accessed through this link. Also, CEO Keith G. Myers sold 37,848 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction dated Wednesday, November 16th. The stock was sold at an average price of $43.69, for a total value of $1,653,579.12. Following the completion of the sale, the chief executive officer now owns 144,615 shares in the company, valued at approximately $6,318,229.35. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. In the last quarter, insiders have sold 335,490 shares of company stock worth $14,569,351. Company insiders own 18.30% of the company’s stock. A number of institutional investors have recently modified their holdings of the company. Hood River Capital Management LLC increased its position in shares of LHC Group by 17.2% in the second quarter. Hood River Capital Management LLC now owns 171,516 shares of the company’s stock worth $7,423,000 after buying an additional 25,207 shares in the last quarter. Kornitzer Capital Management Inc. KS acquired a new position in shares of LHC Group during the second quarter worth about $1,259,000. Swiss National Bank increased its position in shares of LHC Group by 14.3% in the second quarter. Swiss National Bank now owns 24,835 shares of the company’s stock worth $1,075,000 after buying an additional 3,100 shares in the last quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. acquired a new position in shares of LHC Group during the second quarter worth about $221,000. Finally, Nationwide Fund Advisors increased its position in shares of LHC Group by 5.3% in the second quarter. Nationwide Fund Advisors now owns 24,509 shares of the company’s stock worth $1,061,000 after buying an additional 1,239 shares in the last quarter. Institutional investors own 82.25% of the company’s stock. About LHC Group LHC Group, Inc is a holding company. The Company provides post-acute healthcare services to patients through its home nursing agencies, community-based services agencies and long-term acute care hospitals (LTACHs). The Company operates through four segments: home health services, hospice services, community-based services and facility-based services. Receive News & Ratings for LHC Group Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for LHC Group and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter. « Previous Jefferies Group LLC Boosts Microsoft Corporation (MSFT) Price Target to $45.00 Next » Parsons Capital Management Inc. RI Decreases Stake in Torchmark Corporation (TMK) Latest News Nike Suspends Relationship with Maria Sharapova Rob Bironas Ex-Titans Kicker Dies in Car Crash Ron Washington Leaves Texas Rangers Due to an Affair Jonathan Dwyer Falls in Line with Other Banned NFL Players Tony Stewart Case Going to the Grand Jury Oscar Pistorius “Blade Runner” Found Not Guilty of Murder Leave a Reply Click here to cancel reply. Name (Required) Mail (will not be published) (Required) Website   Home Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Headlines Investing © 2006-2017 Web Breaking News.
You are the owner of this article. Edit Article Add New Article Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout Home Subscribe Manage My Account Advertise PB Inner Circle Sign up for Morning Mail e-Edition Today's Sales Inserts About Us Contact Us Submission Forms Log In News Local News Columns Minnesota Nation World History Special report: ‘Fight for the Union’ Webcams Submit a News Tip Sports High School Sports Local Sports P-B Playbook Minnesota Sports National Sports Outdoors Life Lifestyles Food Wellness Travel Entertainment Celebrations Kid Scoop Opinion Our Views Letters Columnists Cartoons Obituaries Death Notices Submit Information Events Live RochMN 507 Magazine Rochester Magazine Radish Magazine At Home Magazine Business Directory AgriNews Blogs Furst Draft Kiger's Notebook Political Party Jobs Find a job Post a job Recruitment Advertising Buy & Sell Classifieds Autos Homes Sales & Specials Deals 7° Clear Toggle navigation Search Log In Using Your Account Log In Don't have an account? Sign Up Today My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout Subscribe Manage My Account Advertise PB Inner Circle Sign up for Morning Mail e-Edition Today's Sales Inserts About Us Contact Us Submission Forms Log In News Local News Crime and Courts Education Business Politics Elections Destination Medical Center Columns Answer Man Heard on the Street Minnesota Nation World History Special report: ‘Fight for the Union’ Webcams Submit a News Tip Sports High School Sports Century Panthers John Marshall Rockets Lourdes Eagles Mayo Spartans Local Sports P-B Playbook Minnesota Sports National Sports Outdoors Life Lifestyles Food Wellness Travel Entertainment 507 Magazine Sudoku TV listings Total TV Celebrations Kid Scoop Opinion Our Views Letters Submit a Letter Commentary Guidelines Columnists Cartoons Obituaries Death Notices Submit Information Events Live RochMN 507 Magazine Rochester Magazine Radish Magazine At Home Magazine Business Directory AgriNews Blogs Furst Draft Kiger's Notebook Political Party Jobs Find a job Post a job Recruitment Advertising Buy & Sell Classifieds Marketplace Community Housing Personals Sale Service Vehicle Place your ad Autos Homes Brokers Builders Agents Open Houses Real Estate Classifieds Advertise Sales & Specials HyVee Deals Breaking Small plane crashes near Ellendale 7° Rochester, MN (55903) Today Sunny skies. High near 20F. Winds W at 10 to 20 mph.. Tonight A few clouds overnight. Low 9F. Winds SSW at 10 to 20 mph. Updated: February 2, 2017 @ 10:54 pm Full Forecast top right promo - flex2 Home News Nation AP Stocks rise on hiring survey; Apple climbs on better sales By MARLEY JAY AP Markets Writer Feb 1, 2017 (…) NEW YORK (AP) — Stocks are moving higher Wednesday morning after a survey showed private U.S. employers hired new workers at a faster pace in January, a sign that the economy could be getting stronger. Technology stocks are climbing after Apple said iPhone sales improved in its last quarter, which sent its stock to its highest price in more than a year. The market is building on a late surge a day earlier. KEEPING SCORE: The Dow Jones industrial average gained 81 points, or 0.4 percent, to 19,945 as of 10 a.m. Eastern time. The Standard & Poor's 500 index rose 7 points, or 0.3 percent, to 2,285. The Nasdaq composite jumped 36 points, or 0.6 percent, to 5,650. The Russell 2000 index of smaller company stocks picked up 10 points, or 0.8 percent, to 1,372. Stocks rallied over the final two hours of trading Tuesday, and while that wasn't enough to prevent the S&P 500 from falling for the fourth day in a row, it showed investors believed the market was not going to fall much further. JOB GAINS: A survey by payroll services provider ADP said private employers added far more jobs than expected in January. The gain of 246,000 jobs was the most in a single month since June. The hiring was widespread, with the construction, manufacturing, health care and shipping industries all adding jobs at a solid pace. That was a positive sign for the health of the economy. Investors sold government bonds, which are fairly safe investments that are more in demand when the economy seems weaker. They also sold shares of companies that pay large dividends, which are considered similar to bonds. The U.S. government will release its own monthly jobs report Friday. APPLE POLISHED: Apple jumped to its highest price in a year and a half after it said consumers snapped up its new iPhone 7 and 7 Plus over the last three months. That ended the first-ever slump in iPhone sales, and Apple's first-quarter results were stronger than analysts expected. Its stock rose $6.51, or 5.4 percent, to $127.86. The big gains for Apple, the world's most valuable publicly-traded company, took technology stocks higher. THE PITS: Mailing equipment and software company Pitney Bownes slid $2.19, or 13.8 percent, to $13.73 after its quarterly sales fell short of expectations and its profit forecast disappointed Wall Street. BONDS: U.S. government bond prices fell. The yield on the 10-year Treasury note jumped to 2.49 percent from 2.44 percent. Financial stocks rose, as higher interest rates allow banks to charge more money for lending. Lincoln National climbed $1.52, or 2.3 percent, to $69.03 and JPMorgan Chase rose $1.06, or 1.3 percent, to $85.69. CURRENCIES: The dollar gained strength after the jobs survey. It rose to 113.65 yen from 112.76 yen. The euro fell to $1.0759 from $1.0803. ENERGY: U.S. crude oil added 44 cents to $53.25 a barrel in New York. Brent crude, the benchmark for international oil prices, gained 54 cents, or 1 percent, to $56.12 a barrel in London. OVERSEAS: Stocks in Europe got a boost from the ADP survey and a report that said manufacturing in China grew at its fastest pace in two years in January. Heavy government spending and more lending by banks helped keep economic activity steady. Germany's DAX was up 1.6 percent while the CAC 40 of France rose 1.5 percent. The FTSE 100 index in Britain was 0.6 percent higher. Japan's Nikkei 225 rose 0.6 percent after a skid on Tuesday. The Kospi in South Korea jumped 0.6 percent. Hong Kong's Hang Seng fell 0.2 percent. ___ AP Markets Writer Marley Jay contributed to this report. He can be reached at http://twitter.com/MarleyJayAP His work can be found at http://bigstory.ap.org/journalist/marley-jay Flex2 - Morning Mail - Horizontal for Articles Tags Business General News Crude Oil Markets Energy Markets Commodity Markets Financial Markets Labor Economy Economy Brent Crude Markets Currency Markets Japanese Yen Government Securities Government Debt Government Finance Government Business And Finance Government And Politics Stock Prices Leading Economic Indicators Oil And Gas Industry Energy Industry Commercial Equipment Manufacturing Office And Commercial Furniture And Equipment Industrial Products And Services Stock Indices And Averages Stock Markets Technology Locations United States North America East Asia Asia More Headlines Trump taps conservative Gorsuch for Supreme Court Supreme Court nominee known to be government regulation skeptic Fact check: Trump starts on familiar note … exaggeration Trump's huge day Multimedia Photos: Lourdes, Byron boys basketball Photos: John Marshall/Lourdes, Owatonna girls hockey Photos: Punxsutawney Phil predicts six more weeks of winter Photos: Century, Albert Lea boys basketball What do you think? Event Calendar Submit an Event View All Events top right promo - flex2 What do you think? Most Viewed Articles Collections Articles Charles Krauthammer: Trump's foreign policy revolution is troubling A 'tragic loss' for Lourdes Two die in crash near Miesville State health department investigating Ellingson's death Rochester rallies against immigrant ban Rochester woman who died in icy Saturday crash named Byron man dies in snowmobile crash Hitting the jackpot MDH: Ellingson's unexpected death not a public health concern Shortage of youth sports officials becoming a trend Collections Photos: HVL Dance Team Championships Photos: Rally against President Trump's immigration and refugee ban Photos: Gymnastics, Rochester Winter Invitational Photos: Wrestling, Swalla Duals Photos: Med City Foundation Blizzard Bash Week in Photos: 1-28-17 Photos: Century, Albert Lea boys basketball Photos: Century, Faribault boys hockey Photos: Lourdes, Kenyon-Wanamingo girls basketball Photos: Schaeffer Academy, Randolph girls basketball Today's Paper PostBulletin.com FEATURED ADS Shop Speical at HyVee Featured Businesses Post-Bulletin Company 507-285-7676 Events Coupons News Sports Life Opinion Multimedia Obituaries Blogs Weather RochesterMN AgriNews Log In Services About Us Contact Us Careers Advertise Subscription Services Purchase Photo Reprints Submission Forms Contact us PostBulletin.com 18 First Ave. S.E. Rochester, MN 55903 Phone: 800-562-1758 or 507-285-7600 Email: webmaster@postbulletin.com © Copyright 2017 Post-Bulletin Company, LLC, 18 First Ave. S.E. Rochester, MN | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy Powered by BLOX Content Management System from TownNews.com.
WHBQ Memphis LIVE http://www.fox13memphis.com/cmg-main-theme/css WHBQ Memphis SIGN IN REGISTER MEMBER CENTER SIGN OUT SIGN IN Sign in using your whbq profile Need a profile? Register now. {* #userInformationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} Remember Me Forgot password? {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} OR Sign in using you account with: {* loginWidget *} Sign Up / Sign In Welcome Back {* welcomeName *} {* loginWidget *} Use another account Sign Up / Sign In Welcome back. Please sign in {* #userInformationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} Use another account You're Almost Done! Please confirm the information below before signing in. {* #socialRegistrationForm *} {* socialRegistration_displayName *} {* socialRegistration_emailAddress *} *Indicates Required Field {* socialRegistration_signInButton *} {* /socialRegistrationForm *} REGISTER Already have an account? Sign In * Required fields {* #registrationForm *} {* traditionalRegistration_emailAddress *} {* traditionalRegistration_password *} {* traditionalRegistration_passwordConfirm *} {* traditionalRegistration_displayName *} {* registration_firstName *} {* registration_lastName *} {* registration_birthday *} {* registration_postalZip *} By submitting your registration information, you agree to our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. {* createAccountButton *} {* /registrationForm *} Why are we asking this? We collect zip code so that we may deliver news, weather, special offers and other content related to your specific geographic area. Thank you for registering! We have sent a confirmation email to {* data_emailAddress *}. Please check your email and click on the link to activate your account. Thank you for registering! We look forward to seeing you on [website] frequently. Visit us and sign in to update your profile, receive the latest news and keep up to date with mobile alerts. Click here to return to the page you were visiting. Reset your password Don't worry, it happens. We'll send you a link to create a new password. {* #forgotPasswordForm *} {* forgotPassword_emailAddress *} {* forgotPassword_sendButton *} {* /forgotPasswordForm *} Email sent We have sent you an email with a link to change your password. {* mergeAccounts *} Sign in to complete account merge {* #tradAuthenticateMergeForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* mergePassword *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /tradAuthenticateMergeForm *} Thanks for verifying your email address Edit your profile Resend Email Verification Sorry we could not verify that email address. Enter your email below and we'll send you another email. {* #resendVerificationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* submitButton *} {* /resendVerificationForm *} Resend Email Verification Click submit to receive another verification email {* #resendVerificationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* submitButton *} {* /resendVerificationForm *} Your Verification Email Has Been Sent Check your email for a verification link Close Live 7249941 Home 7249947 Weather FOX13 Radar 7 Day Forecast Hour by Hour Video Forecast Accuweather FOX13 Weather App 7249989 News Black History Month Politics News Videos Zika Virus Recalls 230989619 Family Focus Speaker Request Partners Resources Calendar Request Initiatives 7250109 Traffic 8435464 Investigates Crime/Most Wanted Submit a tip Missing Children 7250151 Sports Super Bowl Memphis Tigers Memphis Grizzlies Tennessee Titans High School Football 7250313 Video FOX13 Video Forecast 7250361 Watch Live News and Replay Live Breaking News 7250265 About Us FOX13 News Staff Contests What's on FOX13 Get Social Cox Careers Advertise with FOX13 Contact Us Newsletters Sign Up More Breaking News FOX13 Newsletter Sign Up Delivered To Your Inbox Newsletter: Sign Up Please Wait Thank You for Subscribing! Your newsletters will be arriving soon. Asian shares waver, dollar soft after Fed keeps rates steady by: KELVIN CHAN, AP Business Writer Updated: Feb 1, 2017 - 9:56 PM Twtter HONG KONG (AP) - Asian markets wavered and the dollar lost some steam Thursday after the Fed kept its key lending rate on hold as expected at its latest policy meeting. KEEPING SCORE: Japan's benchmark Nikkei 225 index slipped 0.7 percent to 19,008.00 while South Korea's added 0.1 percent to 2,080.61. Hong Kong's Hang Seng lost 0.6 percent to 23,188.86 and Australia's S&P/ASX 200 edged 0.1 percent lower to 5,647.60. Markets in mainland China were closed for the final day of a weeklong holiday. CENTRAL BANKING: The Federal Reserve left a key interest rate on hold after its latest policy meeting, as investors had expected. Policymakers signaled that they still expect to gradually raise rates but gave no clear timeline. Markets are keeping an eye on the outcome of the Bank of England's policy meeting expected later in the day, though no change is expected. U.S. DATA: Factory activity expanded at the fastest rate in more than two years in January, according to a monthly survey by the Institute for Supply Management. Meanwhile, employment strengthened at U.S. companies for the same month, according to a survey by ADP. The reports add further evidence that the world's biggest economy continues to improve but investors may be growing wary of risky investments in light of U.S. President Donald Trump's unexpected policy announcements since taking office. MARKET VIEW: "Donald Trump's presidency comes with greater than normal risks," Shane Oliver, head of investment strategy at AMP Capital Investors in Sydney, said in a report. Eventually, "pragmatic pro-growth policies are likely to ultimately dominate populist policies. However, the Trump honeymoon with investors is likely over with a short term period of correction/volatility likely to continue in shares, bond yields and the U.S. dollar." WALL STREET: Major U.S. benchmarks were little changed. The Dow Jones industrial average rose 0.1 percent to close at 19,890.94. The Standard & Poor's 500 eked out a tiny gain to end at 2,279.55. The Nasdaq composite added 0.5 percent to 5,642.65. CURRENCIES: The dollar eased to 112.72 yen from 112.98 yen in late trading Wednesday. The euro crept up to $1.0789 from $1.0778. ENERGY: U.S. crude oil futures slipped 30 cents to $53.58 a barrel in electronic trading on the New York Mercantile Exchange. The contract added $1.07, or 2 percent, to close at $53.88 a barrel on Wednesday. Brent crude, the benchmark for international oil prices, lost 22 cents to $56.58 a barrel in London. Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. Twtter Asian shares waver, dollar soft after Fed keeps rates steady European markets get a boost from run of solid data Asian shares rise in thin trade as markets watch Trump Higher wages push stocks to records, but Dow misses 20,000 Asia shares falter as investors watch dollar, await job data News Local News National/World News Video Traffic FOX13 Weather Weather Download the FOX13 Weather App Advertisers & Sponsors Cars at Autotrader Local Services at Kudzu About Us About FOX13 What's on FOX13 FCC EEO Report FOX13 Public File © 2017 Cox Media Group. By using this website, you accept the terms of our Visitor Agreement and Privacy Policy, and understand your options regarding Ad Choices. This station is part of Cox Media Group Television. Learn about careers at Cox Media Group.
Jump to navigation Listen Live News Talk Sports Traffic  Jitters over Trump keep weigh on global stock markets Previous Article Share Twitter Facebook Google+ Reddit Forward  Next Article By The Canadian Press February 2, 2017 - 7:09am Previous 1 of 7 Next LONDON — Global stock markets were uneven Thursday as investors shied away from riskier assets amid renewed concerns over U.S. President Donald Trump's policies. KEEPING SCORE: In Europe, Germany's DAX was flat at 11,663 while the CAC 40 in France rose 0.2 per cent to 4,805. The FTSE 100 index of leading British shares was 0.6 per cent higher at 7,153. U.S. stocks were heading for a soft open, with Dow futures and the broader S&P 500 futures down 0.2 per cent. TRUMP TURBULENCE: Investors were rattled by the latest news from the Trump administration, including a phone call in which he warned Mexico's president he might send in troops and another about a tense exchange with Australia's leader over refugees. Following the Trump rally in the wake of his election victory last November, stock gains appear to be petering out with investors getting jittery in light of Trump's dramatic policy announcements since taking office. MARKET VIEW: "Trump's presidency comes with greater than normal risks," Shane Oliver, head of investment strategy at AMP Capital Investors in Sydney, said in a report. Eventually, he said "pragmatic pro-growth policies are likely to ultimately dominate populist policies." However, Oliver added that "the Trump honeymoon with investors is likely over with a short term period of correction/volatility likely to continue in shares, bond yields and the U.S. dollar." CENTRAL BANKING: On Wednesday, the Federal Reserve left interest rates on hold after its latest policy meeting — as investors had expected. Policymakers signalled that they still expect to gradually raise rates but gave no clear timeline. Meanwhile, the Bank of England kept its main interest rate on hold at a record low of 0.25 per cent on Thursday but revised up its growth forecasts for the British economy, which has held up better than many forecasters predicted in the aftermath of last June's vote to leave the European Union. DEUTSCHE DOWN AGAIN: Germany's biggest lender, Deutsche Bank, saw its share price fall by around 5 per cent after the company posted another hefty loss in 2016. The bank reported a loss of 1.4 billion euros ($1.5 billion) for all of 2016. Much of that loss was due to a fourth-quarter deficit of 1.89 billion euros largely related to the sale of its Abbey Life unit and costs associated with legal fines and penalties. ASIA'S DAY: Japan's benchmark Nikkei 225 index slipped 1.2 per cent to 18,914.58 as the stronger yen weighed on exporters, while South Korea's Kospi dipped 0.5 per cent to 2,071.01. Hong Kong's Hang Seng lost 0.6 per cent to 23,184.52 and Australia's S&P/ASX 200 edged 0.1 per cent lower to 5,645.40. Markets in mainland China were closed for the final day of a weeklong holiday. CURRENCIES: The euro rose 0.3 per cent to $1.0810 while the dollar fell 0.6 per cent to 112.36 yen. ENERGY: Benchmark U.S. crude rose 15 cents to $54.03 a barrel on the New York Mercantile Exchange, while Brent crude, the benchmark for international oil prices, advanced 38 cents to $57.18 a barrel in London. The Associated Press ©2017 The Canadian Press Share Twitter Facebook Google+ Reddit Forward Topics:  International Join the Discussion 650 CKOM is happy to provide a forum for commenting and discussion. Please respect and abide by the house rules: Keep it clean, keep it civil, keep it truthful, stay on topic, be responsible, share your knowledge, and please suggest removal of comments that violate these standards. See full commenting rules. View the discussion thread. Listen live News Talk Sports Traffic Weather Search Local Provincial National International All Topics RSS Feeds The Brent Loucks Show 6:00am 8:30am Gormley 8:30am 12:30pm Saskatchewan Afternoon 1:00pm 3:00pm The Green Zone 3:00pm 6:00pm All Shows Schedule Podcasts On Demand Contests Events Adopt A Family Auction Insider The Green Zone Game Day with Wray Prime Time Sports Riders Local Provincial National Traffic Updates Highway Hotline Report a Pothole Latest Traffic Feb 02 Road Work For Thursday Feb 01 Road Work For Wednesday Jan 31 Road Work For Tuesday loading weather... © 650 CKOM . All Rights Reserved. Contact  //  Rss  //  Rules  //  ToS  //  Privacy
This website requires Javascript to run correctly. Click here for help enabling it The New Zealand Herald 10:27pm Fri 3 February Network   ° 0 / ° 0   Loading… Help & Support The New Zealand Herald Bay of Plenty Times Hawke's Bay Today The Rotorua Daily Post The Northern Advocate Wanganui Chronicle Manawatu Guardian Kapiti News Hamilton News The Aucklander The Northland Age Stratford Press Herald Rugby Viva Dream Team Bite True Commercial Newspix Driven The Country Chinese NZ Herald nzherald.co.nz submit Navigation Home National National Insights NZ Herald Focus Education Crime Environment Politics Weather Opinion Maori Employment Quizzes Health Local Focus Opinion Opinion Financial Your Views Media Blogs Cartoons Living in NZ Editorial Travel Political Business Business Personal Finance Small Business Work Life Around NZ Our Experts Economy Deloitte 200 Industries Toolbox Property Tech Tech ICT News Internet Science Computers Wired Mobile Space Gadgets Innovation World World South America Videos Europe Climate Middle East Australia Africa Pacific Disasters Asia Strange but True USA Photos Sport Sport Golf Rugby Boxing Cricket Motorsport League Racing Football More Sport Basketball Live Scores Tennis Dream Team Entertainment Entertainment Music Spy Games Celebrity Culture Reviews What's on Video Sideswipe TV Puzzles Movies Horoscope Lifestyle Lifestyle Parenting Health & Wellbeing Design & Garden Food & Drink Viva Fashion & Beauty Canvas Relationships Pets & Animals Travel Travel International New Zealand Cruises NZ Walks Tips Australia Accommodation Pacific Discover America Rural Motoring Motoring Driven Property Property Residential Property Herald Homes True Commercial Classifieds Classifieds Public Notices True Commercial Businesses for Sale Motoring Sub Navigation Business Small Business Around NZ Economy Global Trade Retail Trade Industries Property Property News Businesses for Sale Herald Commercial Property Personal Finance Work Life Our Experts Deloitte 200 Toolbox Asian shares waver, dollar soft after Fed keeps rates steady 5:05 PM Thursday Feb 2, 2017 SHARE: Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Not saved Email Print World HONG KONG (AP) " Asian markets wavered and the dollar lost some steam Thursday after the Fed kept its key lending rate on hold as expected at its latest policy meeting. KEEPING SCORE: Japan's benchmark Nikkei 225 index slipped 0.7 percent to 19,008.00 while South Korea's added 0.1 percent to 2,080.61. Hong Kong's Hang Seng lost 0.6 percent to 23,188.86 and Australia's S&P/ASX 200 edged 0.1 percent lower to 5,647.60. Markets in mainland China were closed for the final day of a weeklong holiday. CENTRAL BANKING: The Federal Reserve left a key interest rate on hold after its latest policy meeting, as investors had expected. Policymakers signaled that they still expect to gradually raise rates but gave no clear timeline. Markets are keeping an eye on the outcome of the Bank of England's policy meeting expected later in the day, though no change is expected. U.S. DATA: Factory activity expanded at the fastest rate in more than two years in January, according to a monthly survey by the Institute for Supply Management. Meanwhile, employment strengthened at U.S. companies for the same month, according to a survey by ADP. The reports add further evidence that the world's biggest economy continues to improve but investors may be growing wary of risky investments in light of U.S. President Donald Trump's unexpected policy announcements since taking office. MARKET VIEW: "Donald Trump's presidency comes with greater than normal risks," Shane Oliver, head of investment strategy at AMP Capital Investors in Sydney, said in a report. Eventually, "pragmatic pro-growth policies are likely to ultimately dominate populist policies. However, the Trump honeymoon with investors is likely over with a short term period of correction/volatility likely to continue in shares, bond yields and the U.S. dollar." WALL STREET: Major U.S. benchmarks were little changed. The Dow Jones industrial average rose 0.1 percent to close at 19,890.94. The Standard & Poor's 500 eked out a tiny gain to end at 2,279.55. The Nasdaq composite added 0.5 percent to 5,642.65. CURRENCIES: The dollar eased to 112.72 yen from 112.98 yen in late trading Wednesday. The euro crept up to $1.0789 from $1.0778. ENERGY: U.S. crude oil futures slipped 30 cents to $53.58 a barrel in electronic trading on the New York Mercantile Exchange. The contract added $1.07, or 2 percent, to close at $53.88 a barrel on Wednesday. Brent crude, the benchmark for international oil prices, lost 22 cents to $56.58 a barrel in London. AP This story has been automatically published from the Associated Press wire which uses US spellings Email Print Get the news delivered straight to your inbox Receive the day’s news, sport and entertainment in our daily email newsletter SIGN UP NOW Loading Currency Compare and convert world currencies. Discover more Loading Loading Herald Services Book your ad Driven Photos for sale True Commercial Death Notices Public Notices Our Regional News Stories The Northern Advocate Vintage machinery rolls out Machinery enthusiasts and families are invited to enjoy the sights and sounds of the… Hawke's Bay Today Fatal crash in Hastings Police have confirmed one person has died tonight in a fatal crash on Te Aute Rd in Havelock… Bay of Plenty Times Opinion: Election set to be tight The battle can begin now as Prime Minister Bill English has announced this year's general… Our Features' Top Stories Driven Kiwi up and comers enjoy opening Bathurst laps Driven talks to Simon Evans, Andrew Waite, and Dominic Storey following their first GT… Viva Best dressed celebrities of the week Alexa Chung, Karlie Kloss and more of the coolest looks True Commercial High profile Ellerslie development site A large and strategically-located development site, with resource consent in place for… More from us Social and Platforms Facebook Twitter Google+ Youtube Instagram RSS Email Mobile Contact the site Contact the newsroom - newspaper Contact the newsroom - digital Send pics, video and tips Help & Support Feedback Advertising Advertise with NZME. Print advertising Online Classified advertising Other Photo sales Subscriber services Promotions Sponsorship About us Our publications Search Legal Privacy Policy Terms of Use Competition Terms & Conditions View on our: Mobile Site © Copyright 2017, NZME. Publishing Limited Assembled by: (static) on production bpcf04 at 03 Feb 2017 22:27:23 Processing Time: 448ms
E-ALERTS | SUBSCRIBE | LOGIN  Mississippi's Must Reads $33.6 million aquatic center at Ridgeland proposed Greensboro, N.C. center a success for area but operates at a loss Seminary potter recognized as state’s top visual artist Petal businesses on the path to recovery from EF3 tornado FOCUS ON ECONOMIC DEVELOPMENT — Snipes optimistic about future of Greenwood Catfish industry sees Trump veto of TPP as victory Mississippi Business Journal Mississippi Business News NEWS Agribusiness Arts & Entertainment Banking & Finance Dining Economic Development Education Energy Environmental Business Gaming Govt/Politics MORE TOPICS Health Insurance Law & Accounting Manufacturing Money Nonprofit Public/Private Companies Small Business Technology Tourism Transportation Women & Minorities OPINION Cartoons Columns Editorials Letters to Editor Events Best Place to Work BPTW Current winners BPTW digital magazine CEO Awards of Mississippi CEO Awards of Mississippi current winners CEO Awards digital magazine Construction & Architecture C&A Awards Current Winners 50 Leading Business Women 50 Women current winners 50 Women digital magazine Health Care Heroes HCH current winners HCH digital magazine Healthiest Workplaces in Mississippi HWP current winners HWP digital magazine Leaders in Finance LIF current winners LIF digital magazine Leadership in Law Leadership in Law current winners Leadership in Law digital magazine Mississippi’s Administrative Stars Top 50 Under 40 Top 50 current winners Top 50 digital magazine Past Event Winners Lists Book of Lists Business Lists Advertise Digital Checklist Editorial Calendar 2016 Editorial Calendar 2017 Internet Directory Media Kit Store Article Requests Back Issues Special Publications People Submit Form Newsmakers Digital Editions Current Weekly Edition Magazines and Special Pubs Associated sites Hattiesburg Business Today Home » NEWS » Banking & Finance » Stocks rise on hiring survey; Apple climbs on better sales Stocks rise on hiring survey; Apple climbs on better sales Posted by: Associated Press in Banking & Finance, Money, NEWS February 1, 2017 Stocks are moving higher Wednesday morning after a survey showed private U.S. employers hired new workers at a faster pace in January, a sign that the economy could be getting stronger. Technology stocks are climbing after Apple said iPhone sales improved in its last quarter, which sent its stock to its highest price in more than a year. The market is building on a late surge a day earlier. KEEPING SCORE: The Dow Jones industrial average gained 81 points, or 0.4 percent, to 19,945 as of 10 a.m. Eastern time. The Standard & Poor’s 500 index rose 7 points, or 0.3 percent, to 2,285. The Nasdaq composite jumped 36 points, or 0.6 percent, to 5,650. The Russell 2000 index of smaller company stocks picked up 10 points, or 0.8 percent, to 1,372. Stocks rallied over the final two hours of trading Tuesday, and while that wasn’t enough to prevent the S&P 500 from falling for the fourth day in a row, it showed investors believed the market was not going to fall much further. JOB GAINS: A survey by payroll services provider ADP said private employers added far more jobs than expected in January. The gain of 246,000 jobs was the most in a single month since June. The hiring was widespread, with the construction, manufacturing, health care and shipping industries all adding jobs at a solid pace. That was a positive sign for the health of the economy. Investors sold government bonds, which are fairly safe investments that are more in demand when the economy seems weaker. They also sold shares of companies that pay large dividends, which are considered similar to bonds. The U.S. government will release its own monthly jobs report Friday. APPLE POLISHED: Apple jumped to its highest price in a year and a half after it said consumers snapped up its new iPhone 7 and 7 Plus over the last three months. That ended the first-ever slump in iPhone sales, and Apple’s first-quarter results were stronger than analysts expected. Its stock rose $6.51, or 5.4 percent, to $127.86. The big gains for Apple, the world’s most valuable publicly-traded company, took technology stocks higher. THE PITS: Mailing equipment and software company Pitney Bownes slid $2.19, or 13.8 percent, to $13.73 after its quarterly sales fell short of expectations and its profit forecast disappointed Wall Street. BONDS: U.S. government bond prices fell. The yield on the 10-year Treasury note jumped to 2.49 percent from 2.44 percent. Financial stocks rose, as higher interest rates allow banks to charge more money for lending. Lincoln National climbed $1.52, or 2.3 percent, to $69.03 and JPMorgan Chase rose $1.06, or 1.3 percent, to $85.69. CURRENCIES: The dollar gained strength after the jobs survey. It rose to 113.65 yen from 112.76 yen. The euro fell to $1.0759 from $1.0803. ENERGY: U.S. crude oil added 44 cents to $53.25 a barrel in New York. Brent crude, the benchmark for international oil prices, gained 54 cents, or 1 percent, to $56.12 a barrel in London. OVERSEAS: Stocks in Europe got a boost from the ADP survey and a report that said manufacturing in China grew at its fastest pace in two years in January. Heavy government spending and more lending by banks helped keep economic activity steady. Germany’s DAX was up 1.6 percent while the CAC 40 of France rose 1.5 percent. The FTSE 100 index in Britain was 0.6 percent higher. Japan’s Nikkei 225 rose 0.6 percent after a skid on Tuesday. The Kospi in South Korea jumped 0.6 percent. Hong Kong’s Hang Seng fell 0.2 percent. banking Business dow jones finance Mississippi NASDAQ New York Stock Exchange NEWS stocks Wall Street 2017-02-01 Associated Press tweet Tagged with: banking Business dow jones finance Mississippi NASDAQ New York Stock Exchange NEWS stocks Wall Street Previous: Portofino owners: plans for old hotel in mid-February Next: House passes bill to help pay for Jackson infrastructure About Associated Press More Stories Like This Miss. could lift civil-service protection for most agencies February 2, 2017 Internet tax legislation passes House February 2, 2017 $33.6 million aquatic center at Ridgeland proposed February 2, 2017 Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment Name * Email * Website Notify me of follow-up comments by email. Notify me of new posts by email. Government/Politics Miss. could lift civil-service protection for most agencies February 2, 2017 Internet tax legislation passes House February 2, 2017 Term-limited Mississippi governor moves campaign cash to PAC February 2, 2017 Mississippi House earmarks internet sales tax for roads February 1, 2017 House passes bill to help pay for Jackson infrastructure February 1, 2017 Book Biz JACK WEATHERLY — Mississippi Book Festival spills over in its second year August 25, 2016 BOOK BIZ: Jessica Chambers slaying inspires newest Ace Atkins novel July 21, 2016 JACK WEATHERLY: A British writer cottons to Mississippi, and vice versa June 9, 2016 BOOK BIZ — An arresting memoir about childhood, illness and loneliness March 24, 2016 Book Biz: An Irish story, coming of age in America March 18, 2016 Money Stocks rise on hiring survey; Apple climbs on better sales February 1, 2017 Weak quarterly reports push stocks lower for a second day January 31, 2017 Study concludes state losing up to $122 million by not taxing remote sales January 31, 2017 US stock indexes edge higher in early trading; oil rising January 26, 2017 (WITH VIDEO) Dow hits 20,000 following solid open for US stocks January 25, 2017 Leaders in Finance 2016 magazine Independent Insurance Agencies List 2016 list of largest independent insurance agencies operating in Mississippi. Agencies are ranked by number of licensed agents in Mississippi. Stroke Care Centers List 2016 directory of Stroke Care Centers, ranked by Level 1, 2 or 3. Mississippi Foundations List 2016 list of the 60 largest foundations in Mississippi, according to data from 2011-2014, the latest figures available as gathered by the Mississippi Association of Grantmakers. Mississippi Business Journal Staff | About MBJ Privacy Policy | Subscriber Agreement Get Reprints & Article Rights Advertise Online & in Print Manage Your Account Manage subscriptions Reset a lost or forgotten password Subscribe to the MBJ now! Subscribe Me Topics Agribusiness Architecture & Engineering Arts & Entertainment Banking & Finance Dining Economic Development Education Energy Environmental Business Gaming Govt/Politics Health Insurance Law & Accounting Manufacturing Money Nonprofit Public/Private Companies Real Estate & Construction Small Business Sports Technology Tourism Transportation Women & Minorities Contact Us Mississippi Business Journal 200 N. Congress Street, Suite 400 Jackson, MS 39201 Main line: (601) 364-1000 Copyright 2017 Mississippi Business Journal            
Sections Sections Top Stories Watch U.S. World Politics Lifestyle Entertainment Health Tech Investigative Sports Weather Shows Shows Good Morning America World News Tonight Nightline 20/20 This Week Live Live Live View of NRG Stadium, Site of Super Bowl LI Skiers Hit the Slopes in Copper Mountain, Colo. View of the Sydney Opera House in Sydney Harbor Alpacas Graze at the Stargazer Ranch Bald Eagle Tends to Her Chick in Fort Myers, Fla. Local Local New York City Los Angeles Chicago Philadelphia San Francisco - Oakland - San Jose Houston Durham - Raleigh - Fayetteville Fresno More abc.com espn.com fivethirtyeight.com disney.com theundefeated.com Privacy Policy Your CA Privacy Rights Children's Online Privacy Policy Interest-Based Ads Terms of Use Contact Us Yahoo!-ABC News Network | © 2017 ABC News Internet Ventures. All rights reserved. Search Menu ABC News Log In U.S. World Politics Lifestyle Entertainment Health … … Entertainment Health Tech Investigative Sports Weather More ABCNews Cities Cities New York City New York City Los Angeles Los Angeles Chicago Chicago Philadelphia Philadelphia San Francisco - Oakland - San Jose San Francisco - Oakland - San Jose Houston Houston Durham - Raleigh - Fayetteville Durham - Raleigh - Fayetteville Fresno Fresno Partner Sites Partner Sites abc.com abc.com espn.com espn.com fivethirtyeight.com fivethirtyeight.com disney.com disney.com theundefeated.com theundefeated.com Privacy PolicyPrivacy Policy Your CA Privacy RightsYour CA Privacy Rights Children's Online Privacy PolicyChildren's Online Privacy Policy Interest-Based AdsInterest-Based Ads Terms of UseTerms of Use Contact UsContact Us Yahoo!-ABC News Network | © 2017 ABC News Internet Ventures. All rights reserved. Shows Good Morning America Good Morning America World News Tonight World News Tonight Nightline Nightline 20/20 20/20 This Week This Week Live Watch Asian Shares Waver, Dollar Soft After Fed Keeps Rates Steady By kelvin chan, ap business writer HONG KONG  Feb 1, 2017, 10:56 PM ET 0 Shares Email Star 0 Shares Email Asian markets wavered and the dollar lost some steam Thursday after the Fed kept its key lending rate on hold as expected at its latest policy meeting. KEEPING SCORE: Japan's benchmark Nikkei 225 index slipped 0.7 percent to 19,008.00 while South Korea's added 0.1 percent to 2,080.61. Hong Kong's Hang Seng lost 0.6 percent to 23,188.86 and Australia's S&P/ASX 200 edged 0.1 percent lower to 5,647.60. Markets in mainland China were closed for the final day of a weeklong holiday. CENTRAL BANKING: The Federal Reserve left a key interest rate on hold after its latest policy meeting, as investors had expected. Policymakers signaled that they still expect to gradually raise rates but gave no clear timeline. Markets are keeping an eye on the outcome of the Bank of England's policy meeting expected later in the day, though no change is expected. U.S. DATA: Factory activity expanded at the fastest rate in more than two years in January, according to a monthly survey by the Institute for Supply Management. Meanwhile, employment strengthened at U.S. companies for the same month, according to a survey by ADP. The reports add further evidence that the world's biggest economy continues to improve but investors may be growing wary of risky investments in light of U.S. President Donald Trump's unexpected policy announcements since taking office. MARKET VIEW: "Donald Trump's presidency comes with greater than normal risks," Shane Oliver, head of investment strategy at AMP Capital Investors in Sydney, said in a report. Eventually, "pragmatic pro-growth policies are likely to ultimately dominate populist policies. However, the Trump honeymoon with investors is likely over with a short term period of correction/volatility likely to continue in shares, bond yields and the U.S. dollar." WALL STREET: Major U.S. benchmarks were little changed. The Dow Jones industrial average rose 0.1 percent to close at 19,890.94. The Standard & Poor's 500 eked out a tiny gain to end at 2,279.55. The Nasdaq composite added 0.5 percent to 5,642.65. CURRENCIES: The dollar eased to 112.72 yen from 112.98 yen in late trading Wednesday. The euro crept up to $1.0789 from $1.0778. ENERGY: U.S. crude oil futures slipped 30 cents to $53.58 a barrel in electronic trading on the New York Mercantile Exchange. The contract added $1.07, or 2 percent, to close at $53.88 a barrel on Wednesday. Brent crude, the benchmark for international oil prices, lost 22 cents to $56.58 a barrel in London. 0 Shares Email Star Comments Asian Shares Waver, Dollar Soft After Fed Keeps Rates Steady " 'Actionable Intelligence' in Qaeda Material Captured by U.S. Commandos in Yemen: Official " Hello? People Swamp Congress With Calls in Era of Trump " Congress Scraps Obama Rules on Coal Mining, Guns " How Trump's SCOTUS Nominee's Past Opinions Could Affect Future Cases " What's at Stake for Berkeley After Trump Warns University Over Canceled Speech " Denver Mosque Warned Feds About Murder Suspect's Alleged Radicalization " Raid That Likely Killed Civilians Was 'Well Thought Out': White House " AMA, Other Medical Groups Say Trump's Order Could Significantly Affect System " White House: Trump Comments on Mexico 'Lighthearted' " Mattis Warns NKorea Against Any Attack on US or Its Allies " Leader of Syrian White Helmets Featured in Nominated Documentary Can't Attend Oscars " Punxsutawney Phil Predicts More Winter " Trump's 'Sanctuary City' Order Splits Red and Blue States " Dems in Trump States Face Pressure on Supreme Court Pick " Speech by Breitbart Editor Canceled as Berkeley Protesters Start Fires, Break Windows " Drought-Easing California Snow Heaviest in 22 Years " States Differ in Response to Trump Immigration Plans " Metal Objects in Some Cans Prompt Skoal Tobacco Recall " 76 'Rogue' Dakota Access Pipeline Protesters Arrested After Refusing to Vacate Camp " Dakota Access Seeks to Shield 'Sensitive' Info to Protect Pipeline From Possible Terrorists: Court Docs " What It Was Like to Interview Rescued Boater Whose Mother Presumably Died at Sea " Insurers Won't Pay Boat Owner's Claim in Lost-at-Sea Case " 'Sharkwater' Director Missing, Last Seen Near Florida Keys " Former Bachelor Ben Higgins Slams Rumors of Split From Lauren Bushnell " Senate on Track to Confirm Trump's VA Pick " What We Know About the Refugee Deal Obama Forged With Australia " Will Lady Gaga Get Political at the Super Bowl? " Angelina Jolie Says Travel Policy 'Should Be Based on Facts, Not Fear' " Teenage Street Performer Surprised With 1st Real Drum Set
News Local Oil & Gas National Sports World Entertainment Business Breaking News Alerts News Tips About Us Contact Us Advertise with Us Local Sports Entertainment Oil & Gas National Loading articles... Jitters over Trump keep weigh on global stock markets Business by The Associated Press Posted Feb 1, 2017 8:10 am MST Last Updated Feb 2, 2017 at 6:40 am MST A man looks at an electronic stock indicator of a securities firm in Tokyo, Thursday, Feb. 2, 2017. Asian markets wavered and the dollar lost some steam Thursday after the Fed kept its key lending rate on hold as expected at its latest policy meeting. (AP Photo/Shizuo Kambayashi) LONDON – Global stock markets were uneven Thursday as investors shied away from riskier assets amid renewed concerns over U.S. President Donald Trump’s policies. KEEPING SCORE: In Europe, Germany’s DAX was flat at 11,663 while the CAC 40 in France rose 0.2 per cent to 4,805. The FTSE 100 index of leading British shares was 0.6 per cent higher at 7,153. U.S. stocks were heading for a soft open, with Dow futures and the broader S&P 500 futures down 0.2 per cent. TRUMP TURBULENCE: Investors were rattled by the latest news from the Trump administration, including a phone call in which he warned Mexico’s president he might send in troops and another about a tense exchange with Australia’s leader over refugees. Following the Trump rally in the wake of his election victory last November, stock gains appear to be petering out with investors getting jittery in light of Trump’s dramatic policy announcements since taking office. MARKET VIEW: “Trump’s presidency comes with greater than normal risks,” Shane Oliver, head of investment strategy at AMP Capital Investors in Sydney, said in a report. Eventually, he said “pragmatic pro-growth policies are likely to ultimately dominate populist policies.” However, Oliver added that “the Trump honeymoon with investors is likely over with a short term period of correction/volatility likely to continue in shares, bond yields and the U.S. dollar.” CENTRAL BANKING: On Wednesday, the Federal Reserve left interest rates on hold after its latest policy meeting — as investors had expected. Policymakers signalled that they still expect to gradually raise rates but gave no clear timeline. Meanwhile, the Bank of England kept its main interest rate on hold at a record low of 0.25 per cent on Thursday but revised up its growth forecasts for the British economy, which has held up better than many forecasters predicted in the aftermath of last June’s vote to leave the European Union. DEUTSCHE DOWN AGAIN: Germany’s biggest lender, Deutsche Bank, saw its share price fall by around 5 per cent after the company posted another hefty loss in 2016. The bank reported a loss of 1.4 billion euros ($1.5 billion) for all of 2016. Much of that loss was due to a fourth-quarter deficit of 1.89 billion euros largely related to the sale of its Abbey Life unit and costs associated with legal fines and penalties. ASIA’S DAY: Japan’s benchmark Nikkei 225 index slipped 1.2 per cent to 18,914.58 as the stronger yen weighed on exporters, while South Korea’s Kospi dipped 0.5 per cent to 2,071.01. Hong Kong’s Hang Seng lost 0.6 per cent to 23,184.52 and Australia’s S&P/ASX 200 edged 0.1 per cent lower to 5,645.40. Markets in mainland China were closed for the final day of a weeklong holiday. CURRENCIES: The euro rose 0.3 per cent to $1.0810 while the dollar fell 0.6 per cent to 112.36 yen. ENERGY: Benchmark U.S. crude rose 15 cents to $54.03 a barrel on the New York Mercantile Exchange, while Brent crude, the benchmark for international oil prices, advanced 38 cents to $57.18 a barrel in London. Next Story Movie Trailers February 3, 2017 to February 9, 2017 Landmark 6, 10015 Manning Ave. PH:791-6610 Landmark Cinemas Landmark Cinemas Fort McMurray   Resident Evil: The Final Chapter (14A) 3D 7:00pm 3:30pm / 9:45pm A Dog’s Purpose (PG) 3:00pm / 6:15pm / 9:00pm La La Land (PG) 2:50pm / 6:00pm / 9:10pm Split (14A) 3:10pm / 6:30pm / 9:25pm XXX: Return of Xander Cage 3D 9:35pm 3:50pm / 6:45pm   Monster Trucks (PG) 3D 10:10pm     660 NEWS CALGARY NATIONAL Mexican drug lord ‘El Chapo’ to appear in US court Just moments ago ‘Deadpool’ star Ryan Reynolds being honoured at Harvard Just moments ago Nordstrom to drop Ivanka Trump’s clothing, accessories line 28 minutes ago Uber chief quits Trump business council amid boycott calls Feb 02, 2017, 11:54 PM Angelina Jolie takes on travel ban in New York Times op-ed Feb 02, 2017, 11:53 PM Alaska pot conference call interrupted by flushing toilet Feb 02, 2017, 11:51 PM New Brunswick farmer vows to appeal in massive-pile-of-manure case Feb 02, 2017, 3:13 PM Halifax shipyard says warship 'gap' could result in layoffs without federal help Feb 02, 2017, 3:01 PM British Columbia oysters may be making Ontarians ill, health official warns Feb 02, 2017, 2:50 PM Accused denies counselling her distraught husband to kill himself Feb 02, 2017, 2:39 PM Insurer must cover Nova Scotia man's medical marijuana: human rights board Feb 02, 2017, 1:24 PM Nova Scotia freezes judges' salaries, says it can't afford hefty hike Feb 02, 2017, 1:16 PM BUSINESS SPORTSNET OIL & GAS ENTERTAINMENT Most actively traded companies on the TSX Feb 02, 2017, 2:42 PM NDP promises climate rebate cheques for families in British Columbia Feb 02, 2017, 2:21 PM NAFTA: Trump calls for quick negotiation, says he's open to different deal types Feb 02, 2017, 12:41 PM 'Estimates of convenience': Researcher says Alberta spills data too positive Feb 02, 2017, 11:37 AM Home sales plummet in previously red-hot Vancouver as market softens Feb 02, 2017, 11:26 AM Takeaways: Heavy work load could be getting to Auston Matthews Just moments ago Takeaways: Oilers run into defensively strong Predators in loss 23 minutes ago First period the decisive blow in Canucks’ loss to Sharks Just moments ago Patrick Marleau scores 500th career goal as Sharks down Canucks Just moments ago Mike Yeo wins first game as Blues hand Maple Leafs third straight loss Just moments ago Environmental groups concerned pipeline project will increase tanker traffic Jul 26, 2016, 8:20 AM Oil prices poised to slide, crude glut continues Jul 26, 2016, 7:33 AM "Distasteful" ad prompts Canada Action to further distance itself from former volunteer Jul 25, 2016, 2:35 PM Oil spill forces Prince Albert to shutdown water intake Jul 25, 2016, 10:11 AM ConocoPhillips Canada plans to cut upwards of 300 staff, mostly in Calgary Jul 22, 2016, 1:01 PM PUBLISHERS WEEKLY Bestsellers Feb 02, 2017, 2:59 PM Sales soar for Milo book 'Dangerous'; publisher mum on tour Feb 02, 2017, 2:11 PM Beyoncé breaks record on Instagram with baby bump picture Feb 02, 2017, 12:41 PM Lady Gaga says Super Bowl halftime show is 'for everyone' Feb 02, 2017, 12:03 PM Lauryn Hill sorry about late Pittsburgh show, plans another Feb 02, 2017, 10:51 AM Home About Us Contact Us Breaking News Alerts Advertise with us Advertise with us Privacy Policy Ad Choices Terms of Service 9912 Franklin Ave, Fort McMurray, Alberta T9H 2K5 © 2016-2017 Rogers Media. All rights reserved. Create a new password We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password. Your existing password has not been changed. Close Create a new password We'll send you a link to create a new password. {* #forgotPasswordForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* backButton *} {* forgotPassword_sendButton *} {* /forgotPasswordForm *} {* mergeAccounts *} My profile {* profilePhotoCustom *} {* public_profileBlurb *} Display Name: {* public_displayName *} {* public_name *} {* public_gender *} {* public_birthdate *} {* public_emailAddress *} {* public_address *} {* public_phoneNumber *} Close Thank you for signing up! We have sent a confirmation email to {* emailAddressData *}. Please check your email and click on the link to activate your account. Close Sign In Welcome back, {* welcomeName *}! {* loginWidget *} Or Use another account Sign In Welcome back, ! {* #userInformationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} Forgot your password? {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} Or Use another account Sign In / Sign Up With your existing account from {* loginWidget *} Or With an email account {* #userInformationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} Forgot your password? {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* traditionalSignIn_createButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} Almost Done! Please confirm the information below before signing up. {* #socialRegistrationForm *} {* socialRegistration_firstName *} {* socialRegistration_lastName *} {* socialRegistration_emailAddress *} {* socialRegistration_displayName *} By clicking "Create Account", I confirm that I have read and understood each of the website terms of service and privacy policy and that I agree to be bound by them. {* backButton *} {* /socialRegistrationForm *} Sign in to complete account merge {* #tradAuthenticateMergeForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* mergePassword *} {* backButton *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /tradAuthenticateMergeForm *} Almost Done! Please confirm the information below before signing up. {* #registrationForm *} {* traditionalRegistration_firstName *} {* traditionalRegistration_lastName *} {* traditionalRegistration_emailAddress *} {* traditionalRegistration_displayName *} {* traditionalRegistration_password *} {* traditionalRegistration_passwordConfirm *} By clicking "Create Account", I confirm that I have read and understood each of the website terms of service and privacy policy and that I agree to be bound by them. {* backButton *} {* createAccountButton *} {* /registrationForm *} Your Verification Email Has Been Sent Check your email for a link to reset your password. Sign in Create a new password We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password. Your existing password has not been changed. Close Create a new password We didn't recognize that password reset code. Enter your email address to get a new one. {* #resetPasswordForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* forgotPassword_sendButton *} {* /resetPasswordForm *} Your password has been changed Password has been successfully updated. OK Change password {* newPasswordForm *} {* newpassword *} {* newpasswordConfirm *} {* submitButton *} {* /newPasswordForm *} You did it! Thank you for verifiying your email address. OK Resend Email Verification Sorry we could not verify that email address. Enter your email below and we'll send you another email. {* #resendVerificationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* submitButton *} {* /resendVerificationForm *}
Skip to content Menu Local News Traffic Lab Crime Local Politics Education Education Lab Eastside Health Data Northwest Times Watchdog Business & Tech Boeing & Aerospace Amazon Microsoft Technology Economy Nation & World Nation & World Politics Oddities Photos of the Day Sports Seahawks Huskies Cougars Mariners Sounders Storm High School Sports Forums On TV/Radio Entertainment Movies Books Music Theater Classical Music Television Comics Games & Puzzles Horoscopes Life Food & Drink Travel & Outdoors Wellness Pets Rant & Rave Pacific NW Magazine Homes & Real Estate Opinion Editorials Letters to the Editor Video Photography Obituaries News Obituaries Paid Obituaries Jobs Shop Autos Log In Subscribe Search Business Local Biz/Tech Sports Entertainment Life Travel Homes Opinion | Jobs Autos Shop Boeing & Aerospace Amazon Microsoft Technology Economy Real Estate All Sections Local Traffic Lab Crime Local Politics Education Education Lab Eastside Northwest Data Health Times Watchdog News Obituaries Photo & Video Nation & World Politics Oddities Photos of the Day Business Boeing Amazon Microsoft Technology Economy Real Estate Sports Seahawks Huskies Cougars High Schools Mariners Sounders Snow Sports Geoff Baker Matt Calkins Larry Stone Bob Condotta Forums On TV/Radio Entertainment Movies Books Music Theater Classical Music Television Comics Games & Puzzles Horoscopes Life Pacific NW Magazine Food & Drink Happy Hour Wellness Home & Decor Pets Rant & Rave Bethany Jean Clement Travel Outdoors Northwest Hikes Washington Oregon B.C. Hawaii Opinion Editorials Letters Op-Eds Kate Riley Mark Higgins Brier Dudley Jonathan Martin Thanh Tan Blanca Torres Columnists Nicole Brodeur FYI Guy Mary Ann Gwinn Ron Judd Jerry Large Seattle Sketcher Jon Talton Danny Westneat Jobs Autos Homes Listings Classifieds Paid Obituaries NWshowcase Sponsored Posts ShopNW Seattle Times Store Contact FAQs Subscriber Services Print Replica iOS App Android App Business Boeing & Aerospace Amazon Microsoft Technology Economy Real Estate All Sections Local Traffic Lab Crime Local Politics Education Education Lab Eastside Northwest Data Health Times Watchdog News Obituaries Photo & Video Nation & World Politics Oddities Photos of the Day Business Boeing Amazon Microsoft Technology Economy Real Estate Sports Seahawks Huskies Cougars High Schools Mariners Sounders Snow Sports Geoff Baker Matt Calkins Larry Stone Bob Condotta Forums On TV/Radio Entertainment Movies Books Music Theater Classical Music Television Comics Games & Puzzles Horoscopes Life Pacific NW Magazine Food & Drink Happy Hour Wellness Home & Decor Pets Rant & Rave Bethany Jean Clement Travel Outdoors Northwest Hikes Washington Oregon B.C. Hawaii Opinion Editorials Letters Op-Eds Kate Riley Mark Higgins Brier Dudley Jonathan Martin Thanh Tan Blanca Torres Columnists Nicole Brodeur FYI Guy Mary Ann Gwinn Ron Judd Jerry Large Seattle Sketcher Jon Talton Danny Westneat Jobs Autos Homes Listings Classifieds Paid Obituaries NWshowcase Sponsored Posts ShopNW Seattle Times Store Contact FAQs Subscriber Services Print Replica iOS App Android App Business Login Subscribe Business Markets Nation & World Asian shares waver, dollar soft after Fed keeps rates steady Originally published February 1, 2017 at 7:10 am Updated February 1, 2017 at 7:58 pm Share story By KELVIN CHAN The Associated Press HONG KONG (AP) — Asian markets wavered and the dollar lost some steam Thursday after the Fed kept its key lending rate on hold as expected at its latest policy meeting. KEEPING SCORE: Japan’s benchmark Nikkei 225 index slipped 0.7 percent to 19,008.00 while South Korea’s added 0.1 percent to 2,080.61. Hong Kong’s Hang Seng lost 0.6 percent to 23,188.86 and Australia’s S&P/ASX 200 edged 0.1 percent lower to 5,647.60. Markets in mainland China were closed for the final day of a weeklong holiday. CENTRAL BANKING: The Federal Reserve left a key interest rate on hold after its latest policy meeting, as investors had expected. Policymakers signaled that they still expect to gradually raise rates but gave no clear timeline. Markets are keeping an eye on the outcome of the Bank of England’s policy meeting expected later in the day, though no change is expected. U.S. DATA: Factory activity expanded at the fastest rate in more than two years in January, according to a monthly survey by the Institute for Supply Management. Meanwhile, employment strengthened at U.S. companies for the same month, according to a survey by ADP. The reports add further evidence that the world’s biggest economy continues to improve but investors may be growing wary of risky investments in light of U.S. President Donald Trump’s unexpected policy announcements since taking office. Most Read Stories Bremerton councilwoman arrested at D.C. hearing for Trump's AG pick Jeff Sessions Should California, Oregon and Washington join Canada? #Calexit talk envelops West Coast Veterans at Starbucks respond to call for boycott over hiring refugees Police: Edmonds woman declares, ‘I am a serial killer!’ and stabs date in the chest ‘Divestment is our goal’: Seattle City Council to vote on pulling $3 billion from Wells Fargo over Dakota Access Pipeline  WATCHUnlimited Digital Access. $1 for 4 weeks. MARKET VIEW: “Donald Trump’s presidency comes with greater than normal risks,” Shane Oliver, head of investment strategy at AMP Capital Investors in Sydney, said in a report. Eventually, “pragmatic pro-growth policies are likely to ultimately dominate populist policies. However, the Trump honeymoon with investors is likely over with a short term period of correction/volatility likely to continue in shares, bond yields and the U.S. dollar.” WALL STREET: Major U.S. benchmarks were little changed. The Dow Jones industrial average rose 0.1 percent to close at 19,890.94. The Standard & Poor’s 500 eked out a tiny gain to end at 2,279.55. The Nasdaq composite added 0.5 percent to 5,642.65. CURRENCIES: The dollar eased to 112.72 yen from 112.98 yen in late trading Wednesday. The euro crept up to $1.0789 from $1.0778. ENERGY: U.S. crude oil futures slipped 30 cents to $53.58 a barrel in electronic trading on the New York Mercantile Exchange. The contract added $1.07, or 2 percent, to close at $53.88 a barrel on Wednesday. Brent crude, the benchmark for international oil prices, lost 22 cents to $56.58 a barrel in London. KELVIN CHAN Email Newsletter Sign-up Custom-curated news highlights, delivered weekday mornings. Email address By signing up you are agreeing to our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service. Thanks for signing up! View Comments No personal attacks or insults, no hate speech, no profanity. Please keep the conversation civil and help us moderate this thread by reporting any abuse. See our Commenting FAQ. Powered by Livefyre The opinions expressed in reader comments are those of the author only, and do not reflect the opinions of The Seattle Times. Next Story US factories posted fastest growth last month in 2 years Previous Story US construction activity slips in December Contact Newsroom staff list FAQ Contact form About the company Seattle Restaurant Week Newspapers in Education Fund for the Needy Employment Historical Archives Pulitzers Company information Permissions Seattle Times Store Advertise Classifieds Autos Homes Obituary Jobs Media Kit Advertise with Us Subscriber Services Subscribe Activate Account Manage Subscription Place Temporary Hold Report Delivery Issue Make a Payment Print Replica Today’s Front Page Facebook Twitter RSS Feeds Newsletters Mobile Apps Subscribe Copyright © 2017 The Seattle Times Company | Privacy statement | Terms of service Get our Morning Brief delivered to your inbox. Custom-curated news highlights, delivered weekday mornings. Email address By signing up you are agreeing to our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service. Thanks for signing up! Back to the story
Don't Miss: Pat McGovern and the birth of Computerworld IT Resume Makeover: A new perspective Newsletters Resources/White Papers Search computerworld Sign In | Register Hi! Here are the latest Insider stories. Prices still climbing for enterprise mobility management software What's next for Azure Site Recovery? IT turns to employee resource groups to attract, retain tech talent What IT security pros are earning in 2017 More Insider Sign Out Search for Suggestions for you Insider email Cloud Computing All Cloud Computing Cloud Security Cloud Storage Hybrid Cloud Private Cloud Public Cloud Computer Hardware All Computer Hardware Apple Mac Chromebooks Computer Peripherals Computer Processors Solid State Drives Windows PCs Consumerization of IT All Consumerization of IT Bring Your Own Device (BYOD) Home Tech Personal Technology Data Center All Data Center Data Storage Disaster Recovery High-Performance Computing (HPC) Infrastructure Management Sustainable IT Virtualization Emerging Technology All Emerging Technology 3D Printing Artificial Intelligence Car Tech Environment Internet of Things Robotics Space Technology Wearables Enterprise Applications All Enterprise Applications Application Development Big Data Business Intelligence (BI) CRM Collaboration Data Analytics Database Management Desktop Apps Enterprise Architecture Enterprise Resource Planning (ERP) Java Development Open Source Social Business Software as a Service (SaaS) Unified Communications (UC) IT Management All IT Management Digital Transformation H-1B IT Careers IT Industry IT Outsourcing IT Project Management IT Skills & Training Technology Law & Regulation Internet All Internet E-commerce Search Social Media Web Apps Web Browsers Mobile & Wireless All Mobile & Wireless Android Apple iOS Mobile Apps Mobile Device Management Mobile Payments Mobile Security Smartphones Tablets Windows 10 Mobile Wireless Carriers Networking All Networking Network Security Servers Wireless Networking Operating Systems All Operating Systems Chrome OS Linux MacOS Windows 10 Security All Security Application Security Cyberattacks Cybercrime & Hacking Data Privacy Data Security Encryption Endpoint Security Malware & Vulnerabilities Vertical IT All Vertical IT Financial Services IT Government IT Healthcare IT Retail IT Small Enterprise IT All Topics News Features Reviews Blogs Opinions Insider Shark Tank Slideshows Video Digital Magazine Digital Downloads Newsletters Computerworld Events Resources/White Papers × Close Home Mobile & Wireless Apple iOS Apple Holic By Jonny Evans |Follow About | Appleholic, (noun), æp·əl-hɑl·ɪk: An imaginative person who thinks about what Apple is doing, why and where it is going. Delivering popular Apple-related news, advice and entertainment since 1999. News Apple considers legal action against Trump’s plans If unity is strength then Silicon Valley has never looked more unified Computerworld | Feb 1, 2017 5:53 AM PT Email a friend To Use commas to separate multiple email addresses From 
		     Privacy Policy Thank you Your message has been sent. Sorry There was an error emailing this page. Credit: Apple More like this Tim Cook responds to US presidential vote Apple’s Tim Cook speaks on Apple’s A.I. plans Tech companies come out swinging against immigration ban Video Mingis on Tech: The iPhone 7, Apple Watch 2 -- and the gadget guy! If unity is strength then Silicon Valley has never looked more unified as execs from across the sector and beyond come together in opposition to what many in world now call Donald Trump’s "Muslim ban." ‘Heart-wrenching’ Apple CEO, Tim Cook, told the Wall Street Journal that “hundreds” of Apple employees have been impacted by the ban, forcing the company to consider legal action. Cook explained that in one case an Apple employee who is expecting a child learned that the grandparents of that child will be unable to visit the infant when it is born because they hold Canadian and Iranian citizenship. Cook says he is in contact with “very, very senior people in the White House,” to urge a repeal of the ban. “More than any country in the world, this country is strong because of our immigrant background and our capacity and ability as people to welcome people from all kinds of backgrounds. That’s what makes us special,” Cook said. “We ought to pause and really think deeply through that.” Opposition Apple does not live in isolation. Google, Salesforce, Microsoft, Facebook, every major technology company opposes these restrictions. Google is putting together a huge crisis fund to help people impacted by these rules, while Netflix CEO Reed Hasting called the order "so un-American it pains us all." Silicon Valley is and always has been patriotic. Apple co-founder Jobs always aimed to introduce products in the U.S. first, and worked incredibly hard to bring opportunity to the country. His father was Syrian born, but Jobs showed his national pride and gratitude through his actions. While the economics of manufacturing have changed, Apple has created almost two million U.S. jobs as of 2015 (including direct hires, third party suppliers and independent developers). Apple is already one of the country’s biggest employers. “Apple would not exist without immigration, let alone thrive and innovate the way we do,” wrote Cook in an email to Apple staff. Expert help Technology firms are also concerned at other restrictions being mooted by the White House, including major H-1B reforms. The latter will have a hugely negative impact on the Valley, meaning that even while traditional manufacturing jobs are automated, tech firms will be restricted in their operations, which will limit the number of new employments they can create. After all, if a company can work with 1,000 experts from abroad on H-1B visas, but that work can then create 10,000 jobs in the host nation, who wins if the experts required to create that opportunity cannot be hired? Beyond tech Resistance to the measures extends far beyond tech firms. Ford CEO Mark Fields and Executive Chairman Bill Ford have voiced their opposition, saying, “We have to live by our values.” Citigroup, Goldman Sachs, JP Morgan Chase, MasterCard, Nike and Procter & Gamble have also expressed concerns. Opposition is being felt worldwide. In the U.K. almost 1.8 million people have argued against a Royal Visit for Trump. There is also concern that if he does receive that honor, the U.S. President apparently doesn’t wish to meet Prince Charles, because he does not want to discuss climate change with the U.K.’s future king. While it is a fact that U.S. history demonstrates determined disinterest in being ruled by royalty, it is not normal for visiting dignitaries to select which royal family members they meet, particularly if doing so means snubbing the next King of England. A U.K. patriot may see such lack of tact as an insult against the nation. Opposition to the ban now extends across an A-Z of corporate, national, and international people and entities. What makes the whole thing so sad is that the ban itself is ineffective in policing the very problem it claims to address: any determined, well-resourced criminal will avoid it by using a fake identity to enter the country. It is the innocent who will suffer it most. Google+? If you use social media and happen to be a Google+ user, why not join AppleHolic's Kool Aid Corner community and join the conversation as we pursue the spirit of the New Model Apple? Got a story? Drop me a line via Twitter. I'd like it if you chose to follow me there so I can let you know when fresh items are published here first on Computerworld. To express your thoughts on Computerworld content, visit Computerworld's Facebook page, LinkedIn page and Twitter stream. Related: Apple iOS Apple Tim Cook Jonny is a freelance writer who has been writing (mainly about Apple and technology) since 1999. Learn R programming basics with our PDF You Might Like Shop Tech Products at Amazon What Readers Like China reminds Trump that supercomputing is a race China said it plans to develop a prototype of an exascale supercomputer by the end of this year,... Cortana: The spy in Windows 10 Project Fi has a powerful bonus feature hidden in plain sight Newsletters Sign up and receive the latest news, reviews and trends on your favorite technology topics. Get our daily newsletter Go Why you should start using Google Keep right away Services like Keep, Evernote and Microsoft OneNote are often called "note-taking apps." But they've... Say goodbye to the MS-DOS command prompt It had a good 36-year run, but its day is done. Popular Resources Video/Webcast Sponsored Business needs are changing rapidly, and legacy datacenter models and processes just can't keep up. It's time for a better solution White Paper ECM in the Cloud: Content Made Easier White Paper Integrating Logentries with .NET- The How & Why Video/Webcast Sponsored Learn How to Monitor & Analyze your Log Data White Paper Troubleshooting Microsoft SQL Server Go Top Stories AWS quarterly revenue continues to rise, but at a slower pace The rocketship of cloud growth continued at the end of 2016 for Amazon Web Services. The public cloud... Prices still climbing for enterprise mobility management software Vendors are consolidating their market power in the field of mobile device and app management software,... Review: 3 services for managing all your cloud storage accounts Do you often find yourself playing 'find the file' among all your cloud storage services? One of these... Mac ends sales slump with record revenue of $7.2B The uptick in sales was a departure from the recent past: For the four quarters preceding December's,... Sponsored Links Online Master of Science in Information Systems at Northwestern University INSTANTLY dtSearch® TERABYTES OF FILE+EMAIL+DB+WEB DATA; reviews/evals Use integration, automation, & intelligence to outsmart cybercriminals. Computerworld The Voice of Business Technology Follow us Cloud Computing Computer Hardware Consumerization of IT Data Center Emerging Technology Enterprise Applications IT Management Internet Mobile & Wireless Networking Operating Systems Security Vertical IT All Topics News Features Reviews Blogs Opinions Insider Shark Tank Slideshows Video Newsletters Computerworld Events Resources/White Papers About Us Contact Privacy Policies Editorial Calendar Advertising Careers at IDG Site Map Ad Choices E-commerce Affiliate Relationships Copyright © 2017 IDG Communications, Inc. Explore the IDG Network descend CIO Computerworld CSO Greenbot IDC IDG IDG Connect IDG Knowledge Hub IDG TechNetwork IDG.TV IDG Ventures Infoworld IT News ITwhitepapers ITworld JavaWorld LinuxWorld Macworld Network World PC World TechConnect TechHive This ad will close in 20 seconds. Continue to site »
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad Asian shares waver, dollar soft after Fed keeps rates steady By Associated Press Published: 22:58 EST, 1 February 2017 | Updated: 22:58 EST, 1 February 2017 e-mail HONG KONG (AP) — Asian markets wavered and the dollar lost some steam Thursday after the Fed kept its key lending rate on hold as expected at its latest policy meeting. KEEPING SCORE: Japan's benchmark Nikkei 225 index slipped 0.7 percent to 19,008.00 while South Korea's added 0.1 percent to 2,080.61. Hong Kong's Hang Seng lost 0.6 percent to 23,188.86 and Australia's S&P/ASX 200 edged 0.1 percent lower to 5,647.60. Markets in mainland China were closed for the final day of a weeklong holiday. CENTRAL BANKING: The Federal Reserve left a key interest rate on hold after its latest policy meeting, as investors had expected. Policymakers signaled that they still expect to gradually raise rates but gave no clear timeline. Markets are keeping an eye on the outcome of the Bank of England's policy meeting expected later in the day, though no change is expected. People are reflected on an electronic stock indicator of a securities firm in Tokyo, Thursday, Feb. 2, 2017. Asian markets wavered and the dollar lost some steam Thursday after the Fed kept its key lending rate on hold as expected at its latest policy meeting. (AP Photo/Shizuo Kambayashi) U.S. DATA: Factory activity expanded at the fastest rate in more than two years in January, according to a monthly survey by the Institute for Supply Management. Meanwhile, employment strengthened at U.S. companies for the same month, according to a survey by ADP. The reports add further evidence that the world's biggest economy continues to improve but investors may be growing wary of risky investments in light of U.S. President Donald Trump's unexpected policy announcements since taking office. MARKET VIEW: "Donald Trump's presidency comes with greater than normal risks," Shane Oliver, head of investment strategy at AMP Capital Investors in Sydney, said in a report. Eventually, "pragmatic pro-growth policies are likely to ultimately dominate populist policies. However, the Trump honeymoon with investors is likely over with a short term period of correction/volatility likely to continue in shares, bond yields and the U.S. dollar." WALL STREET: Major U.S. benchmarks were little changed. The Dow Jones industrial average rose 0.1 percent to close at 19,890.94. The Standard & Poor's 500 eked out a tiny gain to end at 2,279.55. The Nasdaq composite added 0.5 percent to 5,642.65. CURRENCIES: The dollar eased to 112.72 yen from 112.98 yen in late trading Wednesday. The euro crept up to $1.0789 from $1.0778. ENERGY: U.S. crude oil futures slipped 30 cents to $53.58 a barrel in electronic trading on the New York Mercantile Exchange. The contract added $1.07, or 2 percent, to close at $53.88 a barrel on Wednesday. Brent crude, the benchmark for international oil prices, lost 22 cents to $56.58 a barrel in London. A woman looks at an electronic stock indicator of a securities firm in Tokyo, Thursday, Feb. 2, 2017. Asian markets wavered and the dollar lost some steam Thursday after the Fed kept its key lending rate on hold as expected at its latest policy meeting. (AP Photo/Shizuo Kambayashi) A man looks at an electronic stock indicator of a securities firm in Tokyo, Thursday, Feb. 2, 2017. Asian markets wavered and the dollar lost some steam Thursday after the Fed kept its key lending rate on hold as expected at its latest policy meeting. (AP Photo/Shizuo Kambayashi) People are reflected on an electronic stock indicator of a securities firm in Tokyo, Thursday, Feb. 2, 2017. Asian markets wavered and the dollar lost some steam Thursday after the Fed kept its key lending rate on hold as expected at its latest policy meeting. (AP Photo/Shizuo Kambayashi) Share or comment on this article e-mail Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS 'She is devastated': Kylie Minogue 'ends engagement to Joshua Sasse following suspicions about his relationship with an actress' George and Amal Clooney step out for a romantic dinner in Spain amid pregnancy rumours Ocean's Eleven star, 55, took his wife on a date Emily Ratajkowski flaunts her incredible curves and enviable abs in boho floral bikini as she smoulders in stunning new beach shoot PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Worse for wear David Beckham gallantly holds car door for Poppy Delevingne as they party together on her husband's birthday eve 'The cancer has gone, we are very happy': Michael Bublé's son Noah, 3, 'is recovering' from liver cancer after heartbreaking battle  Good news for singer Guest biogs, drones photographing from above and banquet feasting: 2017's HOTTEST wedding trends SPONSORED Swimming with turtles, lounging on the beach and catch ups over wine with the girls: Meet the jet setting, yoga loving beauty getting close to Kylie's man 'Miss this face every day': Wayne Rooney posts heartfelt Instagram tribute to Coleen's late sister Rosie on her birthday... five years after death That's a slippery slope! The Jump's Spencer Matthews 'caught up in love triangle with co-stars Vogue Williams and Jade Jones' On thin ice PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Amber Rose showcases her famous buxom curves in orange bikini as she chills out in Honolulu Beach babe  Nicola McLean's husband Tom Williams brands Kim Woodburn and Jedward the C-word in expletive filled rant after comments on CBB about wife's 'knockers' Angelina Jolie shares teaser of Netflix passion project she directed based on Cambodian genocide memoir Her Netflix passion project  Janet Jackson, 50, joins newborn son Eissa as he gets a visit from grandma Katherine, aunt Rebbie and uncle Randy Family fun She's got some front! Braless Dakota Johnson stuns in VERY plunging dress at Fifty Shades Darker premiere Exquisite No supporting act! Rita Ora steals the show at Fifty Shades Darker premiere in revealing dress...after being mocked for cameo role Dubbed her big break Where's the rest of it? Singer Halsey risks wardrobe malfunction with VERY revealing dress at Fifty Shades Darker premiere Left her cleavage bare Keeping mum! Rosie Huntington-Whiteley continues to spark pregnancy rumours as she protectively covers her tummy in LA Covered up What a drag! Scott Disick shares a suspicious-looking cigarette on his hotel balcony with a female friend  Smokin' (hot) women Kim Kardashian puts on eye-popping display in sheer tank as she steps out with sister Kourtney for dinner in Costa Rica Turning heads Getting hearts pumping! Mariah Carey hits the gym in cleavage-baring lingerie and HEELS She also needed her fishnet stockings  'I've not had a bum enlargement!' Comedian Katherine Ryan reveals shocking photo of her bare bottom covered in bruises is a FAKE Cheeky Red hot! Ashley James sizzles in flesh-flaunting mini dress as she showcases her ample cleavage and toned pins out in London Scarlet siren 'THICK!': Kylie Jenner shows off voluptuous figure in her own brand's yellow tracksuit Looking to make big inroads in the apparel market Christine Bleakley reveals retired footballer husband Frank Lampard has been 'in talks' to embark on acting career in Hollywood Scott Disick cosies up to a gaggle of women during trip to Miami after he professes love for on-off girlfriend Kourtney Kardashian Ladies man Make-up free Charlotte McKinney ditches the glamour as she steps out in sweats for casual day of shopping in West Hollywood Casual yet chic  Priorities in order! Heidi Klum reveals her panties as she pulls trousers down to her knees for a quick sunbathing session She's a cheeky one David Beckham opts for sunglasses and a low-key ensemble as he jets out of LAX... hours after partying with Poppy Delevingne Good night Love Island's Olivia Buckland looks effortlessly chic in a white leather jacket as she cuddles up to fiancé Alex Bowen That's a Lottie leg! Model Moss flashes her toned pins in thigh-skimming skirt as she makes an entrance at friend's birthday party Kate's little sister  Solange Knowles performs at free Super Bowl concert in Houston... just one day after sister Beyonce revealed she's pregnant with twins Meghan Markle has 'virtually moved in' with Prince Harry reveal friends of the actress as the pair enjoy a dinner date in London  'To the next level' 'Stop reaching!' Kylie Jenner, 19, calls fans 'f***** idiots' for claiming she wanted to make her waxwork's skin color darker than it really is Lambasted fans Handsome model David Gandy cuts a dapper figure in a dark camel coat as he steps out for lavish cocktail party Looking dapper  After the dramatic bus crash, life in Walford was (unfortunately) back to 'normal' in EastEnders, by Jim Shelley Anti-climatic Great guns! Chris Hemsworth's MASSIVE bulging bicep once again takes centre stage as fan tries to get in a selfie with star Australian actor 'I love you too dude': Kristen Stewart hypes Saturday Night Live hosting debut with Leslie Jones In a series of promotional clips for the NBC comedy PICTURE EXCLUSIVE Home sweet home! Neighbours welcome the Obamas back to their $4.3 million new D.C. home after their luxury break Kim Kardashian shows some leg in thigh-high lace-up boots as she steps out in NYC after meeting with French authorities for a second day in a row Blonde bombshell! Kim Basinger is back and how... as she wows on the red carpet in low-cut black gown at premiere of Fifty Shades Darker A part in erotic trilogy Miley Cyrus' sister Noah wears sheer dress to Fifty Shades Darker premiere in Los Angeles Make Me (Cry) songstress decided to show off her own flair Ferne McCann flashes her abs in a crop top as she films herself having non-surgical liposuction on her stomach after bum lift Back at it  'Not sure if I have the same confidence': Coco Austin shares throwback pic from racy car calendar shoot The 37-year-old shared a racy throwback pic Juliette Lewis shows off her svelte frame in skinny jeans with a khaki coat and hat while catching flight at LAX The actress cut a casual figure in skintight denim Blue jean baby! Paris Jackson wears crop top and denims with frayed cuffs as she enjoys a concert night out in LA Spotted leaving James Arthur's LA concert  Keri Russell wears minimal makeup as she steps out in skinny jeans and ankle boots while on the move in New York city Natural beauty Bundled up beauty! Zoe Kravitz dons blue duster coat with trousers and a heavy navy scarf while holding hands with boyfriend Karl Glusman She doesn't look a day older! Elle Macpherson, 52, shares a sweet throwback bikini photo of herself at the beach with her two sons in 2005 She's ripped! Kourtney Kardashian wears torn jeans and biker jacket as she takes daughter Penelope to Beverly Hills gallery Just back from holiday America's Next Top Model judge Tyson Beckford pulls GUN on process server outside his Miami apartment  A look back at Minogue's ill-fated relationships including her failed 'engagement' to Olivier Martinez as she 'splits from fiancé Joshua Sasse' ' 'She always wanted kids and I never did': Dannii Minogue spoke about her sister Kylie's, 48, hopes for a baby earlier this year Ended engagement Beyonce the work of art: Queen Bey's pregnancy photo series echoes famous paintings featuring Venus and the Virgin Mary Lena Dunham sports aggressive pink eyeshadow as she teams up with Girls cast at premiere of final season Heavy make-up Can't make up your mind? Allison Williams wears trousers AND a dress at premiere of Girls final season That's how you make an entrance... and an exit Leslie Mann looks smitten with Judd Apatow at Girls premiere... after revealing argument with daughters over 'inappropriate' snaps Leggy display! Erin McNaught flaunts her trim pins and flashes white lace bra in a thigh-skimming denim frock as she enjoys a pamper session 'She's the vilest woman I've ever met in my life': CBB's Coleen Nolan rants about Kim Woodburn as Nicola McLean vows to 'never to see her again'  'Prep with my man': Ellen Pompeo brings newborn son Eli to work as she gets ready for directorial debut on Grey's Anatomy Behind the scenes SEBASTIAN SHAKESPEARE: Georgia May Jagger and Grumpy Cat make it a date: Party team up for party in Germany to celebrate calendars  Is she fur real? Selma Blair wears red coat reminiscent of bath robe with animal hair trim around Los Angeles Looked like a very cosy cover up Part of the squad! Kelsea Ballerini says pal Taylor Swift taught her how to deal with fame as she covers Billboard magazine 'I'm really disappointed to be out!' Vogue Williams forced to QUIT The Jump just days before anticipated launch after suffering serious knee injury Babies, let's get in Formation! Beyonce 'set to perform at this year's Grammy Awards' after revealing she's pregnant with twins No slowing down That's quite the pregnancy album! Beyonce displays her baby bump in underwater video after announcing she's having twins Red hot! Emma Roberts shows off her new fiery colored hair as she leaves the salon in Hollywood Sporting freshly coloured tresses 'Call your senator': Amy Schumer continues anti-Trump activism by urging fans to oppose 'unqualified' Education Secretary pick Betsy DeVos 'I'm a sex goddess!' Teen Holly Willoughby, 18, grabs her assets as she makes saucy profession in sizzling throwback lingerie ad 'You have to bite the bullet': Kristen Stewart admits she is dreading her SNL hosting debut on Saturday Even if vampires don't make her flinch Khloe Kardashian helps Lauren lose 50 pounds and reconnect with her dead father on E! reality show Revenge Body With a celebrity trainer Making waves! Karlie Kloss sports curly locks and monochrome mini dress  during high fashion Vogue photo shoot at Sydney's Bondi Beach Lena Dunham admits she crossed 'boundaries of professionalism' as she reveals she once 'made out' with a Girls guest star  James Corden jokes about being the lowest paid late night talk show host on television... ahead of Grammys hosting gig But he's hit the big time... 'I've had some really bad hairstyles': Shane Warne reveals style disasters as ex-cricketer celebrates 10 years as an Advanced Hair Studio ambassador Borne this way! Lady Gaga gets police escort to NRG Stadium in Houston as she rehearses for Super Bowl Halftime Show  She's all fired up 'Yo I made it!' Rihanna steps out in biker chic ensemble... after celebrating Mariah Carey wearing her Fenty heels to the GYM Dressed in all black In bed with Hilary Duff! Star shows off her legs while wearing only panties and a T-shirt on Instagram A long way from being a self-conscious teen Is this the end of underwear? Why stars are forgoing bras and pants on the red carpet (and why they believe it makes them look more CLASSY) Victoria's Secret stars Jasmine Tookes, Martha Hunt and Taylor Hill bring the heat to Miami with sizzling bikini photo shoot Trio of Angels  Lily-Rose Depp goes on spending spree at Chanel in Beverly Hills... amid reports of dad Johnny's ongoing financial woes Karl Lagerfeld's muse Make-up free Julia Roberts, 49, looks bright as she goes shopping for interior decor with daughter Hazel in Malibu Had a stylish wintry get-up Just like mom! Rumer Willis stars in Gap campaign paying homage to mother Demi Moore and her 1990 ad Just like her famous mother Demi Kate Moss, 43, goes completely naked for W magazine as she joins Jennifer Lopez, Jessica Chastain, Taraji P Henson and Donatella Versace Quite the treat! Sara Gilbert has mother-son date with Rhodes at Jessica's Biel's pricey Au Fudge restaurant in Los Angeles Spoiling her little boy  A look at Shanina Shaik and fiancé DJ Ruckus' $100,000-a-month Miami rental property with incredible waterfront views and a heated swimming pool  Miranda gets her dream role in Annie: Actress in final negotiations to play Miss Hannigan when musical moves into the Piccadilly Theatre  'F*** you Price is Right!': Aaron Paul aims for game show redemption with the help of James Corden 17 years after walking away a loser A gloomy affair is saved by the belle: The Glass Menagerie is glum but Cherry Jones gives a fine turn, writes QUENTIN LETTS   SEBASTIAN SHAKESPEARE: Who silenced royal rebel Lady Amelia? Duke of Kent's granddaughter deletes her Instagram account  Upbeat Elbow go out on a limb: Little Fictions is a slow-burning blockbuster, writes ADRIAN THRILLS  JAN MOIR: Apple Tree Yard and a brutally real portrait of a wife in crisis  It caused controversy and divided opinion Coco Austin puts on a busty display as she steps out with baby Chanel... as Ice T proudly reveals his daughter has inherited his 'mean mug' Focused on family: Bethenny Frankel spends some quality time time with daughter Bryn after nasty drama with her ex Family first Making a dog's dinner of it! CBB's Jedward and Bianca Gascoigne try not to gag as they're forced to eat unsavoury 'mystery can' Not good enough to eat Tallia Storm flaunts her tanned and toned legs in a sequinned silver mini dress and chunky black ankle boots at fashion party Leggy lady Making them green with envy! Camilla dazzles in a velvet gown as she brings some glamour to the British Asian Trust dinner in London  'If there's anyone designed to deal with it, it's her': Meghan Markle's on-screen Suits fiancé Patrick J. Adams approves of her royal romance 'She's the love of my life': Scott Disick declares Kourtney Kardashian is the one in KUWTK trailer...before getting cuddly with beauties in Miami 'The shoot is not soft porn, it is actual fashion': Victoria's Secret model Bridget Malcolm defends posing naked for Playboy Make-up free Cindy Crawford shows off her svelte figure in skintight jeans and plunging white top ahead of 51st birthday Fit at 50 Enjoying a bit too much Pillowtalk? Pop heartthrob Zayn Malik sports a serious case of bed head as he enjoys shopping trip in Beverly Hills Going solo! Taylor Swift releases filmed acoustic rehearsal of I Don't Wanna Live Forever... without singing partner Zayn When two become one 'I didn't want to play a crack addict': Naomie Harris reveals she initially turned down Moonlight because of 'negative portrayals of women' in film That's one way to go viral! Mariah Carey poses in racy lingerie as she streams Facebook Live video...and hits one million views in first hour Busty Preeya Kalidas flashes her legs in a glamorous baby blue gown with dramatic ruffles at British Asian Trust dinner Blue-tiful Master and Apprentice! Arnold Schwarzenegger lunches with Mickey Rourke... after hitting back at Trump over ratings  Celebrity yearbook photos including Jimmy Kimmel in a tacky prom shirt, Tina Fey clutching a rose and a baby-faced Amy Adams are brought to life for Super Bowl ad Keke Palmer reveals truce with Trey Songz after claims he filmed her without her consent as she puts on another fashion show in New York You're fired! Gloomy Ivanka is pictured leaving DC home after Nordstrom drops her fashion brand amid angry boycott by thousands of women 'I can't wait to share our journey': New mum Stephanie Davis dotes over baby son Caben-Albi in adorable video  Preparing to raise her newborn alone 'I have three hearts': Pregnant Beyoncé strips NAKED to show off her baby bump in intimate snaps after announcing she is expecting twins  'Having twins is the most incredible experience ever!' Mariah Carey congratulates pal Beyonce after baby news   'Targeting the weakest does not show strength,' Angelina Jolie pens op-ed for the New York Times about refugee policy  Scarlett Johansson flaunts her famous curves in nude-looking suit in a sneak peek of her new movie Ghost In The Shell ahead of trailer  Naked tummy! Gigi Hadid models crop top that exposes her belly button and adds leather jacket to help keep out chill in NYC Tum's the word 'You made a reputation by showing your knockers!' CBB's Kim Woodburn takes aim at 'vile little creature' Nicola McLean as she's branded 'scum' Wigged out! Oprah Winfrey looks virtually unrecognisable in crimped blonde hairpiece on Los Angeles set of A Wrinkle In Time EXCLUSIVE Tequila shots, karaoke and a VERY A-list crowd: Behind-the-scenes at Harry Styles' 23rd birthday bash with Adele and Cindy Crawford Forgotten something? Lisa Appleton struggles to contain her ample assets as she dons a pair of tiny bikini briefs in Spain She always turns heads EXCLUSIVE: Timbaland's divorce lawyer slaps a lien on the music producer's $5 million Miami mansion for unpaid bills Pricey The apple of his (Beady) Eye! Liam Gallagher's son Gene sports similar haircut and same distinctive eyebrows as rocker dad on shopping spree 'It's time for us to embrace': Matthew McConaughey says celebrities should accept Trump is president and 'be constructive' 'This performance is for everyone': Lady Gaga talks up 'athletic' halftime show at Super Bowl after dancing in her underwear backstage Bikini-clad Kim Zolciak calls her husband Kroy Biermann 'sexy' as she posts photo of him in a very tight Speedo during beach getaway Fun in the sun J.C. Penney defends Beyonce using her own lyrics after critics snidely suggest that her 'awkward' pregnancy photo was taken at the retailer's portrait studio Fans accuse Beyoncé of copying M.I.A.'s music video for her maternity shoot - just months after the Sri Lankan rapper said Bey stole her sound What controversy? Mel Gibson smiles as his upcoming police brutality film Dragged Across Concrete sparks a social media backlash 'I get paid quite well to not be biased!': Rylan Clark-Neal hits out at claims CBB BOTS is unfair to housemates... as he confirms he'll still host the spin-off show  Drew Barrymore wanted 'ultra-traditional' upbringing for her two daughters as she calls split from husband her 'worst nightmare'  Back to basics Jamie Dornan flaunts his muscular physique as he showcases impressive pommel horse trick on Conan O'Brien Impressive Looking extra pouty! Rumer Willis shows off bigger lips as she attends opening of new basement bar in New York Getting lippy Selena Gomez is nominated for Kids' Choice Award as her current beau The Weeknd goes up against ex Bieber in 2017 nominations Oops, she did it again! Britney Spears suffers an EPIC wardrobe malfunction as she exposes her bare breast during Las Vegas show Kanye West is reprimanded by CFDA for his 'bad behavior' after failing to liaise with NYFW organizers about his Yeezy Season Five show Kim Kardashian looks slimmer than ever as she flaunts her gym-honed figure in black bikini alongside sister Kourtney during family getaway in Costa Rica Nicki Minaj invests in huge security upgrade for mansion following brazen thieves steal $200K worth of property and trash her home  Taking no chances 'I started doing hard drugs at age 12': Khloe Kardashian listens as latest Revenge Body contestant reveals she turned to meth to get thin 'We need a security guard 24-7': Kim Kardashian amps up protection for family in KUWTK sneak peek following armed heist Harrowing news Jennifer Connelly opts for a low-key look in a navy coat and beanie as she enjoys a stroll with husband Paul Bettany in New York Feeling the chill Oscar-winning Leonardo DiCaprio gets his meat seasoned by viral meme sensation Salt Bae at the chef's Dubai steakhouse  Just a sprinkle  Feeling Ferry saucy! Geordie Shore's Chloe leaves little to the imagination as she flaunts her ample assets and tiny waist in skimpy lingerie Ola Jordan and Heidi Montag look worse for wear as they twerk up a storm during wild night out with husbands James and Spencer Justin brings Bieber Fever to the Super Bowl with wacky dance moves as he honours the history of touchdown celebrations in new advert 'Things just didn't work out': Singer Ella Eyre 'amicably' ends her two-year relationship with Rixton drummer Lewi Morgan Sad news  Kim Kardashian relives horror of Paris jewel heist by testifying in New York after a judge flew to meet her to identify armed men who robbed her at gunpoint CBB's Bianca Gascoigne puts on an eye-popping display as she poses provocatively in lingerie for racy pre-show photo shoot EXCLUSIVE 'I love to mix it up!': Ellie Goulding reveals the secrets behind her stunning athletic shape She's a fitness enthusiast  Alesha Dixon dares to be different in sexy leather mesh dress with sheer skirt as she joins glam Amanda Holden at Britain's Got Talent auditions in Birmingham Victoria Beckham shows off slim figure in chic trousers and polo-neck for shopping trip ... but STILL keeps her favourite sunglasses on in drizzly London Don't let mum and dad see! Brooklyn Beckham tucks into HUGE baguette during London day out without health fanatic parents David and Victoria  'I've got my priorities really in order!': Rob Lowe laughs as Jimmy Kimmel ribs him over job ad for assistant who can turn on his jacuzzi and arrange massages 'I really fell in love': Iskra Lawrence posts lingerie selfie as she reveals she's learned to accept her curves while inspiring women to celebrate their bodies 'Everybody's looking': New Fifty Shades Darker trailer reveals glamorous Masquerade Ball sequence A new promo has debuted  'I'm more nervous on runways now' than when I was 21': Naomi Campbell, 46, admits she feels 'vulnerable' on the catwalk alongside younger models 'I'd love to be with Kate Middleton!': Drew Barrymore reveals she fancies the Duchess of Cambridge... as she jokes about being 'naughty in my forties' 'Breakouts have made me stay in my house all day': Ashley Benson opens up about her struggle with acne at the launch of a spot-reducing gel product Johnny Depp brands former business managers 'reprehensible' after details of his spendthrift $2million-a-month lifestyle emerge  McQueen Bey! Hollyoaks' pregnant matriarch Myra recreates THAT Beyonce baby pic... yet swaps designer lingerie for sports top and cardi Lottie Moss cuts a demure figure in lace-up jeans and fur coat as she hits the town for casual night out Certainly looked the part of a fashion model  It's Patsy TANsit! Actress overdoes the bronzer as she dons workout gear for energetic jog in the rain Not exactly tanning weather in London 'It left me bereft': Kris Marshall quits Death In Paradise after Caribbean filming separated him from his family... as fans mourn 'heartbreaking' news No dramas! Danielle Lloyd steps out in double denim after furiously denying Nicola McLean's claims she attended her wedding to Jamie O'Hara CBB's Nicola McLean flaunts her ample assets in racy lace lingerie as she poses for saucy pre-show shoot WAG and glamour model, 35 'It's a disaster!': Make-up free Dakota Johnson dons fur coat at LAX airport after revealing everything she says turns sexual Only the best for the Lord! Scott Disick stayed in $12,500 a night suite in Miami after fleeing Kardashian Costa Rican getaway 'I've never met a hater whose life I wish I had': Gabrielle Union bites back at mean girls as she flaunts her fabulous figure at 44 in Women's Health Trump requests prayers for Arnold Schwarzenegger and his Apprentice ratings... as his replacement suggest they switch jobs  'WAKE UP & JOIN THE RESISTANCE': Sarah Silverman calls for a military coup to overthrow President Trump Controversial statement Twinning! Cindy Crawford's son Presley Gerber steps out with girlfriend Lily - whose model good looks will fit right in Strictly's rumoured new head judge Gary Edwards suffers 'TV fail' when he continuously refers to Len Goodman as a 'matriarch' rather than a patriarch Imogen Thomas displays her curves in colourful swimwear at the launch of her new collection... as she reveals her relationship has lost its spark Gaz Beadle transforms into a naughty pensioner as he hits the gym and chats girls up in hilarious prank ahead of Spring Break with Grandad launch Just like Linda! Lusardi's daughter Lucy Kane shows an uncanny resemblance to her mum... as she 'blows judges away on The Voice End of an era! Designer Riccardo Tisci leaves Givenchy after 12 YEARS with the French fashion house - as rumors suggest he is heading to Versace Move over George! Adorable Prince of Bhutan proves himself a contender for world's cutest royal baby as he poses for his first birthday portrait Nick Gordon steps out on second anniversary of the day girlfriend Bobbi Kristina was tragically found unresponsive in bathtub 'I love having her around again': Brooke Vincent reveals she was instrumental in her on-screen sister Helen Flanagan's return to Coronation Street Drinking problems! Coronation Street viewers spot a major props blunder when Kate serves Toyah a glass of wine from an EMPTY bottle Who said acting was easy? Joanne Froggatt shelters from the rain as she braves freezing conditions while filming Liar in Kent Alice Eve oozes classic Hollywood glamour in a sophisticated all-black ensemble as she enjoys a low-key dinner in LA British beauty Gigi Hadid wears nothing but a tiny miniskirt as she goes braless for tasteful LOVE magazine shoot Stunning black and white snap  That's a butt rude! Rita Ora is cheeky in see-through gym pants ... as she steps out in LA after congratulating Beyonce on her pregnancy news What a view! Will pregnant Beyonce still perform at Coachella? Singer's April headline slot is uncertain after announcement she's expecting twins The adorable moment Prince Harry pranks an unimpressed school boy with the 'wrong shoulder' trick (and acts surprised when the joke's turned on him) Bella Thorne flaunts her taut tummy as she works up a sweat with her wild moves while leading a dance class Energetic night! Heidi Klum steals the spotlight in a quirky black Victoriana-style ensemble and heavy jewels as she shoots Germany's Next Top Model 'We do get a bit delirious': Rebel Wilson and Anna Kendrick share behind-the-scenes Pitch Perfect 3 video after filming for 15 hours Geordie Shore's Holly Hagan shows off her toned curves as she shares an eye-popping bikini shot from her holiday in Thailand 'I absolutely hate my natural look': Katie Price shares rare 'make-up free' selfie as she takes a break from her hair extensions Ed Sheeran fans hit out at touts after tickets to the British pop star's UK tour were being sold online for up to £1,000 just minutes after going on sale  Racy in red! Lucy Mecklenburgh shows off her stunningly slim figure in chic bikini as she posts yet ANOTHER swimsuit snap from Dubai trip 'Let me come in your changing room!' Trinny Woodall accidentally propositions Phillip Schofield live on This Morning leaving Holly Willoughby in hysterics What a bikini body! Justin Bieber's 'ex' Sahara Ray almost busts out of her skimpy swimwear in racy Instagram snap after THAT lingerie shot Lorraine Kelly can't contain her giggles as she recreates the famous pottery scene from the movie Ghost with Dr Hilary Jones as Patrick Swayze  Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad Pipeline company Oneok to buy rest of Oneok Partners for $9.3 bln By Reuters Published: 08:18 EST, 1 February 2017 | Updated: 08:18 EST, 1 February 2017 e-mail Feb 1 (Reuters) - Pipeline company Oneok Partners LP's biggest shareholder Oneok Inc said it would buy the rest of the company for $9.3 billion, the latest master limited partnership (MLP) deal aimed at simplifying structures and increasing returns. MLPs do not pay corporate taxes and must pay out most of their profits to investors in dividend-style distributions that attract yield-seeking investors. But these shareholders tend to flee if a company is considering cutting or suspending dividends as was the case when the oil rout began in mid-2014, causing a slowdown in oil production and subsequently pipeline volumes. This led to wave of consolidation among MLPs. Sunoco Logistics Partners LP and Energy Transfer Partners, both of which are controlled by general partner Energy Transfer Equity LP, said in November they would combine. In September, TransCanada Corp said its unit, Columbia Pipeline Group, offered to buy Columbia Pipeline Partners LP for about $848 million in cash. Oneok said on Wednesday the deal would result in a dividend increase of 21 percent to 74.5 cents per share, or $2.98 annually. Oneok's deal comes at time when U.S. pipeline companies are back in focus after U.S. President Donald Trump signed orders last month smoothing the path for the controversial Keystone XL and Dakota Access oil pipelines. Oneok said it would pay 0.985 shares for each Oneok Partners unit it does not already own. Based on both the stocks' closing price on Tuesday, that works out to $54.28 per share, representing a premium of 26 percent for shareholders of Oneok Partners. Oneok Partners' units, which will not be publicly traded after the deal closes in the second quarter, were at $54.15 in premarket trade. Oneok's shares were up 1.9 percent at $56.15. Oneok said it would issue 168.9 million shares for the deal, representing about 44.5 percent of the total outstanding shares of the combined company, on a pro forma basis. The company will have an integrated 37,000 mile network of natural gas liquids, pipelines and processing plants in the Williston Basin, U.S. Mid-Continent, Permian Basin, Midwest and Gulf Coast. J.P. Morgan Securities LLC is acting as Oneok's lead financial adviser and Skadden Arps, Slate, Meagher & Flom LLP will provide legal advice. Barclays is providing financial advice to Oneok Partners Conflicts Committee and Andrews Kurth Kenyon LLP is its legal adviser. (Reporting by Vishaka George and Swetha Gopinath in Bengaluru; Editing by Martina D'Couto) Share or comment on this article e-mail Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS 'She is devastated': Kylie Minogue 'ends engagement to Joshua Sasse following suspicions about his relationship with an actress' George and Amal Clooney step out for a romantic dinner in Spain amid pregnancy rumours Ocean's Eleven star, 55, took his wife on a date Emily Ratajkowski flaunts her incredible curves and enviable abs in boho floral bikini as she smoulders in stunning new beach shoot PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Worse for wear David Beckham gallantly holds car door for Poppy Delevingne as they party together on her husband's birthday eve 'The cancer has gone, we are very happy': Michael Bublé's son Noah, 3, 'is recovering' from liver cancer after heartbreaking battle  Good news for singer Guest biogs, drones photographing from above and banquet feasting: 2017's HOTTEST wedding trends SPONSORED Swimming with turtles, lounging on the beach and catch ups over wine with the girls: Meet the jet setting, yoga loving beauty getting close to Kylie's man 'Miss this face every day': Wayne Rooney posts heartfelt Instagram tribute to Coleen's late sister Rosie on her birthday... five years after death That's a slippery slope! The Jump's Spencer Matthews 'caught up in love triangle with co-stars Vogue Williams and Jade Jones' On thin ice PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Amber Rose showcases her famous buxom curves in orange bikini as she chills out in Honolulu Beach babe  Nicola McLean's husband Tom Williams brands Kim Woodburn and Jedward the C-word in expletive filled rant after comments on CBB about wife's 'knockers' Angelina Jolie shares teaser of Netflix passion project she directed based on Cambodian genocide memoir Her Netflix passion project  Janet Jackson, 50, joins newborn son Eissa as he gets a visit from grandma Katherine, aunt Rebbie and uncle Randy Family fun She's got some front! Braless Dakota Johnson stuns in VERY plunging dress at Fifty Shades Darker premiere Exquisite No supporting act! Rita Ora steals the show at Fifty Shades Darker premiere in revealing dress...after being mocked for cameo role Dubbed her big break Where's the rest of it? Singer Halsey risks wardrobe malfunction with VERY revealing dress at Fifty Shades Darker premiere Left her cleavage bare Keeping mum! Rosie Huntington-Whiteley continues to spark pregnancy rumours as she protectively covers her tummy in LA Covered up What a drag! Scott Disick shares a suspicious-looking cigarette on his hotel balcony with a female friend  Smokin' (hot) women Kim Kardashian puts on eye-popping display in sheer tank as she steps out with sister Kourtney for dinner in Costa Rica Turning heads Getting hearts pumping! Mariah Carey hits the gym in cleavage-baring lingerie and HEELS She also needed her fishnet stockings  'I've not had a bum enlargement!' Comedian Katherine Ryan reveals shocking photo of her bare bottom covered in bruises is a FAKE Cheeky Red hot! Ashley James sizzles in flesh-flaunting mini dress as she showcases her ample cleavage and toned pins out in London Scarlet siren 'THICK!': Kylie Jenner shows off voluptuous figure in her own brand's yellow tracksuit Looking to make big inroads in the apparel market Christine Bleakley reveals retired footballer husband Frank Lampard has been 'in talks' to embark on acting career in Hollywood Scott Disick cosies up to a gaggle of women during trip to Miami after he professes love for on-off girlfriend Kourtney Kardashian Ladies man Make-up free Charlotte McKinney ditches the glamour as she steps out in sweats for casual day of shopping in West Hollywood Casual yet chic  Priorities in order! Heidi Klum reveals her panties as she pulls trousers down to her knees for a quick sunbathing session She's a cheeky one David Beckham opts for sunglasses and a low-key ensemble as he jets out of LAX... hours after partying with Poppy Delevingne Good night Love Island's Olivia Buckland looks effortlessly chic in a white leather jacket as she cuddles up to fiancé Alex Bowen That's a Lottie leg! Model Moss flashes her toned pins in thigh-skimming skirt as she makes an entrance at friend's birthday party Kate's little sister  Solange Knowles performs at free Super Bowl concert in Houston... just one day after sister Beyonce revealed she's pregnant with twins Meghan Markle has 'virtually moved in' with Prince Harry reveal friends of the actress as the pair enjoy a dinner date in London  'To the next level' 'Stop reaching!' Kylie Jenner, 19, calls fans 'f***** idiots' for claiming she wanted to make her waxwork's skin color darker than it really is Lambasted fans Handsome model David Gandy cuts a dapper figure in a dark camel coat as he steps out for lavish cocktail party Looking dapper  After the dramatic bus crash, life in Walford was (unfortunately) back to 'normal' in EastEnders, by Jim Shelley Anti-climatic Great guns! Chris Hemsworth's MASSIVE bulging bicep once again takes centre stage as fan tries to get in a selfie with star Australian actor 'I love you too dude': Kristen Stewart hypes Saturday Night Live hosting debut with Leslie Jones In a series of promotional clips for the NBC comedy PICTURE EXCLUSIVE Home sweet home! Neighbours welcome the Obamas back to their $4.3 million new D.C. home after their luxury break Kim Kardashian shows some leg in thigh-high lace-up boots as she steps out in NYC after meeting with French authorities for a second day in a row Blonde bombshell! Kim Basinger is back and how... as she wows on the red carpet in low-cut black gown at premiere of Fifty Shades Darker A part in erotic trilogy Miley Cyrus' sister Noah wears sheer dress to Fifty Shades Darker premiere in Los Angeles Make Me (Cry) songstress decided to show off her own flair Ferne McCann flashes her abs in a crop top as she films herself having non-surgical liposuction on her stomach after bum lift Back at it  'Not sure if I have the same confidence': Coco Austin shares throwback pic from racy car calendar shoot The 37-year-old shared a racy throwback pic Juliette Lewis shows off her svelte frame in skinny jeans with a khaki coat and hat while catching flight at LAX The actress cut a casual figure in skintight denim Blue jean baby! Paris Jackson wears crop top and denims with frayed cuffs as she enjoys a concert night out in LA Spotted leaving James Arthur's LA concert  Keri Russell wears minimal makeup as she steps out in skinny jeans and ankle boots while on the move in New York city Natural beauty Bundled up beauty! Zoe Kravitz dons blue duster coat with trousers and a heavy navy scarf while holding hands with boyfriend Karl Glusman She doesn't look a day older! Elle Macpherson, 52, shares a sweet throwback bikini photo of herself at the beach with her two sons in 2005 She's ripped! Kourtney Kardashian wears torn jeans and biker jacket as she takes daughter Penelope to Beverly Hills gallery Just back from holiday America's Next Top Model judge Tyson Beckford pulls GUN on process server outside his Miami apartment  A look back at Minogue's ill-fated relationships including her failed 'engagement' to Olivier Martinez as she 'splits from fiancé Joshua Sasse' ' 'She always wanted kids and I never did': Dannii Minogue spoke about her sister Kylie's, 48, hopes for a baby earlier this year Ended engagement Beyonce the work of art: Queen Bey's pregnancy photo series echoes famous paintings featuring Venus and the Virgin Mary Lena Dunham sports aggressive pink eyeshadow as she teams up with Girls cast at premiere of final season Heavy make-up Can't make up your mind? Allison Williams wears trousers AND a dress at premiere of Girls final season That's how you make an entrance... and an exit Leslie Mann looks smitten with Judd Apatow at Girls premiere... after revealing argument with daughters over 'inappropriate' snaps Leggy display! Erin McNaught flaunts her trim pins and flashes white lace bra in a thigh-skimming denim frock as she enjoys a pamper session 'She's the vilest woman I've ever met in my life': CBB's Coleen Nolan rants about Kim Woodburn as Nicola McLean vows to 'never to see her again'  'Prep with my man': Ellen Pompeo brings newborn son Eli to work as she gets ready for directorial debut on Grey's Anatomy Behind the scenes SEBASTIAN SHAKESPEARE: Georgia May Jagger and Grumpy Cat make it a date: Party team up for party in Germany to celebrate calendars  Is she fur real? Selma Blair wears red coat reminiscent of bath robe with animal hair trim around Los Angeles Looked like a very cosy cover up Part of the squad! Kelsea Ballerini says pal Taylor Swift taught her how to deal with fame as she covers Billboard magazine 'I'm really disappointed to be out!' Vogue Williams forced to QUIT The Jump just days before anticipated launch after suffering serious knee injury Babies, let's get in Formation! Beyonce 'set to perform at this year's Grammy Awards' after revealing she's pregnant with twins No slowing down That's quite the pregnancy album! Beyonce displays her baby bump in underwater video after announcing she's having twins Red hot! Emma Roberts shows off her new fiery colored hair as she leaves the salon in Hollywood Sporting freshly coloured tresses 'Call your senator': Amy Schumer continues anti-Trump activism by urging fans to oppose 'unqualified' Education Secretary pick Betsy DeVos 'I'm a sex goddess!' Teen Holly Willoughby, 18, grabs her assets as she makes saucy profession in sizzling throwback lingerie ad 'You have to bite the bullet': Kristen Stewart admits she is dreading her SNL hosting debut on Saturday Even if vampires don't make her flinch Khloe Kardashian helps Lauren lose 50 pounds and reconnect with her dead father on E! reality show Revenge Body With a celebrity trainer Making waves! Karlie Kloss sports curly locks and monochrome mini dress  during high fashion Vogue photo shoot at Sydney's Bondi Beach Lena Dunham admits she crossed 'boundaries of professionalism' as she reveals she once 'made out' with a Girls guest star  James Corden jokes about being the lowest paid late night talk show host on television... ahead of Grammys hosting gig But he's hit the big time... 'I've had some really bad hairstyles': Shane Warne reveals style disasters as ex-cricketer celebrates 10 years as an Advanced Hair Studio ambassador Borne this way! Lady Gaga gets police escort to NRG Stadium in Houston as she rehearses for Super Bowl Halftime Show  She's all fired up 'Yo I made it!' Rihanna steps out in biker chic ensemble... after celebrating Mariah Carey wearing her Fenty heels to the GYM Dressed in all black In bed with Hilary Duff! Star shows off her legs while wearing only panties and a T-shirt on Instagram A long way from being a self-conscious teen Is this the end of underwear? Why stars are forgoing bras and pants on the red carpet (and why they believe it makes them look more CLASSY) Victoria's Secret stars Jasmine Tookes, Martha Hunt and Taylor Hill bring the heat to Miami with sizzling bikini photo shoot Trio of Angels  Lily-Rose Depp goes on spending spree at Chanel in Beverly Hills... amid reports of dad Johnny's ongoing financial woes Karl Lagerfeld's muse Make-up free Julia Roberts, 49, looks bright as she goes shopping for interior decor with daughter Hazel in Malibu Had a stylish wintry get-up Just like mom! Rumer Willis stars in Gap campaign paying homage to mother Demi Moore and her 1990 ad Just like her famous mother Demi Kate Moss, 43, goes completely naked for W magazine as she joins Jennifer Lopez, Jessica Chastain, Taraji P Henson and Donatella Versace Quite the treat! Sara Gilbert has mother-son date with Rhodes at Jessica's Biel's pricey Au Fudge restaurant in Los Angeles Spoiling her little boy  A look at Shanina Shaik and fiancé DJ Ruckus' $100,000-a-month Miami rental property with incredible waterfront views and a heated swimming pool  Miranda gets her dream role in Annie: Actress in final negotiations to play Miss Hannigan when musical moves into the Piccadilly Theatre  'F*** you Price is Right!': Aaron Paul aims for game show redemption with the help of James Corden 17 years after walking away a loser A gloomy affair is saved by the belle: The Glass Menagerie is glum but Cherry Jones gives a fine turn, writes QUENTIN LETTS   SEBASTIAN SHAKESPEARE: Who silenced royal rebel Lady Amelia? Duke of Kent's granddaughter deletes her Instagram account  Upbeat Elbow go out on a limb: Little Fictions is a slow-burning blockbuster, writes ADRIAN THRILLS  JAN MOIR: Apple Tree Yard and a brutally real portrait of a wife in crisis  It caused controversy and divided opinion Coco Austin puts on a busty display as she steps out with baby Chanel... as Ice T proudly reveals his daughter has inherited his 'mean mug' Focused on family: Bethenny Frankel spends some quality time time with daughter Bryn after nasty drama with her ex Family first Making a dog's dinner of it! CBB's Jedward and Bianca Gascoigne try not to gag as they're forced to eat unsavoury 'mystery can' Not good enough to eat Tallia Storm flaunts her tanned and toned legs in a sequinned silver mini dress and chunky black ankle boots at fashion party Leggy lady Making them green with envy! Camilla dazzles in a velvet gown as she brings some glamour to the British Asian Trust dinner in London  'If there's anyone designed to deal with it, it's her': Meghan Markle's on-screen Suits fiancé Patrick J. Adams approves of her royal romance 'She's the love of my life': Scott Disick declares Kourtney Kardashian is the one in KUWTK trailer...before getting cuddly with beauties in Miami 'The shoot is not soft porn, it is actual fashion': Victoria's Secret model Bridget Malcolm defends posing naked for Playboy Make-up free Cindy Crawford shows off her svelte figure in skintight jeans and plunging white top ahead of 51st birthday Fit at 50 Enjoying a bit too much Pillowtalk? Pop heartthrob Zayn Malik sports a serious case of bed head as he enjoys shopping trip in Beverly Hills Going solo! Taylor Swift releases filmed acoustic rehearsal of I Don't Wanna Live Forever... without singing partner Zayn When two become one 'I didn't want to play a crack addict': Naomie Harris reveals she initially turned down Moonlight because of 'negative portrayals of women' in film That's one way to go viral! Mariah Carey poses in racy lingerie as she streams Facebook Live video...and hits one million views in first hour Busty Preeya Kalidas flashes her legs in a glamorous baby blue gown with dramatic ruffles at British Asian Trust dinner Blue-tiful Master and Apprentice! Arnold Schwarzenegger lunches with Mickey Rourke... after hitting back at Trump over ratings  Celebrity yearbook photos including Jimmy Kimmel in a tacky prom shirt, Tina Fey clutching a rose and a baby-faced Amy Adams are brought to life for Super Bowl ad Keke Palmer reveals truce with Trey Songz after claims he filmed her without her consent as she puts on another fashion show in New York You're fired! Gloomy Ivanka is pictured leaving DC home after Nordstrom drops her fashion brand amid angry boycott by thousands of women 'I can't wait to share our journey': New mum Stephanie Davis dotes over baby son Caben-Albi in adorable video  Preparing to raise her newborn alone 'I have three hearts': Pregnant Beyoncé strips NAKED to show off her baby bump in intimate snaps after announcing she is expecting twins  'Having twins is the most incredible experience ever!' Mariah Carey congratulates pal Beyonce after baby news   'Targeting the weakest does not show strength,' Angelina Jolie pens op-ed for the New York Times about refugee policy  Scarlett Johansson flaunts her famous curves in nude-looking suit in a sneak peek of her new movie Ghost In The Shell ahead of trailer  Naked tummy! Gigi Hadid models crop top that exposes her belly button and adds leather jacket to help keep out chill in NYC Tum's the word 'You made a reputation by showing your knockers!' CBB's Kim Woodburn takes aim at 'vile little creature' Nicola McLean as she's branded 'scum' Wigged out! Oprah Winfrey looks virtually unrecognisable in crimped blonde hairpiece on Los Angeles set of A Wrinkle In Time EXCLUSIVE Tequila shots, karaoke and a VERY A-list crowd: Behind-the-scenes at Harry Styles' 23rd birthday bash with Adele and Cindy Crawford Forgotten something? Lisa Appleton struggles to contain her ample assets as she dons a pair of tiny bikini briefs in Spain She always turns heads EXCLUSIVE: Timbaland's divorce lawyer slaps a lien on the music producer's $5 million Miami mansion for unpaid bills Pricey The apple of his (Beady) Eye! Liam Gallagher's son Gene sports similar haircut and same distinctive eyebrows as rocker dad on shopping spree 'It's time for us to embrace': Matthew McConaughey says celebrities should accept Trump is president and 'be constructive' 'This performance is for everyone': Lady Gaga talks up 'athletic' halftime show at Super Bowl after dancing in her underwear backstage Bikini-clad Kim Zolciak calls her husband Kroy Biermann 'sexy' as she posts photo of him in a very tight Speedo during beach getaway Fun in the sun J.C. Penney defends Beyonce using her own lyrics after critics snidely suggest that her 'awkward' pregnancy photo was taken at the retailer's portrait studio Fans accuse Beyoncé of copying M.I.A.'s music video for her maternity shoot - just months after the Sri Lankan rapper said Bey stole her sound What controversy? Mel Gibson smiles as his upcoming police brutality film Dragged Across Concrete sparks a social media backlash 'I get paid quite well to not be biased!': Rylan Clark-Neal hits out at claims CBB BOTS is unfair to housemates... as he confirms he'll still host the spin-off show  Drew Barrymore wanted 'ultra-traditional' upbringing for her two daughters as she calls split from husband her 'worst nightmare'  Back to basics Jamie Dornan flaunts his muscular physique as he showcases impressive pommel horse trick on Conan O'Brien Impressive Looking extra pouty! Rumer Willis shows off bigger lips as she attends opening of new basement bar in New York Getting lippy Selena Gomez is nominated for Kids' Choice Award as her current beau The Weeknd goes up against ex Bieber in 2017 nominations Oops, she did it again! Britney Spears suffers an EPIC wardrobe malfunction as she exposes her bare breast during Las Vegas show Kanye West is reprimanded by CFDA for his 'bad behavior' after failing to liaise with NYFW organizers about his Yeezy Season Five show Kim Kardashian looks slimmer than ever as she flaunts her gym-honed figure in black bikini alongside sister Kourtney during family getaway in Costa Rica Nicki Minaj invests in huge security upgrade for mansion following brazen thieves steal $200K worth of property and trash her home  Taking no chances 'I started doing hard drugs at age 12': Khloe Kardashian listens as latest Revenge Body contestant reveals she turned to meth to get thin 'We need a security guard 24-7': Kim Kardashian amps up protection for family in KUWTK sneak peek following armed heist Harrowing news Jennifer Connelly opts for a low-key look in a navy coat and beanie as she enjoys a stroll with husband Paul Bettany in New York Feeling the chill Oscar-winning Leonardo DiCaprio gets his meat seasoned by viral meme sensation Salt Bae at the chef's Dubai steakhouse  Just a sprinkle  Feeling Ferry saucy! Geordie Shore's Chloe leaves little to the imagination as she flaunts her ample assets and tiny waist in skimpy lingerie Ola Jordan and Heidi Montag look worse for wear as they twerk up a storm during wild night out with husbands James and Spencer Justin brings Bieber Fever to the Super Bowl with wacky dance moves as he honours the history of touchdown celebrations in new advert 'Things just didn't work out': Singer Ella Eyre 'amicably' ends her two-year relationship with Rixton drummer Lewi Morgan Sad news  Kim Kardashian relives horror of Paris jewel heist by testifying in New York after a judge flew to meet her to identify armed men who robbed her at gunpoint CBB's Bianca Gascoigne puts on an eye-popping display as she poses provocatively in lingerie for racy pre-show photo shoot EXCLUSIVE 'I love to mix it up!': Ellie Goulding reveals the secrets behind her stunning athletic shape She's a fitness enthusiast  Alesha Dixon dares to be different in sexy leather mesh dress with sheer skirt as she joins glam Amanda Holden at Britain's Got Talent auditions in Birmingham Victoria Beckham shows off slim figure in chic trousers and polo-neck for shopping trip ... but STILL keeps her favourite sunglasses on in drizzly London Don't let mum and dad see! Brooklyn Beckham tucks into HUGE baguette during London day out without health fanatic parents David and Victoria  'I've got my priorities really in order!': Rob Lowe laughs as Jimmy Kimmel ribs him over job ad for assistant who can turn on his jacuzzi and arrange massages 'I really fell in love': Iskra Lawrence posts lingerie selfie as she reveals she's learned to accept her curves while inspiring women to celebrate their bodies 'Everybody's looking': New Fifty Shades Darker trailer reveals glamorous Masquerade Ball sequence A new promo has debuted  'I'm more nervous on runways now' than when I was 21': Naomi Campbell, 46, admits she feels 'vulnerable' on the catwalk alongside younger models 'I'd love to be with Kate Middleton!': Drew Barrymore reveals she fancies the Duchess of Cambridge... as she jokes about being 'naughty in my forties' 'Breakouts have made me stay in my house all day': Ashley Benson opens up about her struggle with acne at the launch of a spot-reducing gel product Johnny Depp brands former business managers 'reprehensible' after details of his spendthrift $2million-a-month lifestyle emerge  McQueen Bey! Hollyoaks' pregnant matriarch Myra recreates THAT Beyonce baby pic... yet swaps designer lingerie for sports top and cardi Lottie Moss cuts a demure figure in lace-up jeans and fur coat as she hits the town for casual night out Certainly looked the part of a fashion model  It's Patsy TANsit! Actress overdoes the bronzer as she dons workout gear for energetic jog in the rain Not exactly tanning weather in London 'It left me bereft': Kris Marshall quits Death In Paradise after Caribbean filming separated him from his family... as fans mourn 'heartbreaking' news No dramas! Danielle Lloyd steps out in double denim after furiously denying Nicola McLean's claims she attended her wedding to Jamie O'Hara CBB's Nicola McLean flaunts her ample assets in racy lace lingerie as she poses for saucy pre-show shoot WAG and glamour model, 35 'It's a disaster!': Make-up free Dakota Johnson dons fur coat at LAX airport after revealing everything she says turns sexual Only the best for the Lord! Scott Disick stayed in $12,500 a night suite in Miami after fleeing Kardashian Costa Rican getaway 'I've never met a hater whose life I wish I had': Gabrielle Union bites back at mean girls as she flaunts her fabulous figure at 44 in Women's Health Trump requests prayers for Arnold Schwarzenegger and his Apprentice ratings... as his replacement suggest they switch jobs  'WAKE UP & JOIN THE RESISTANCE': Sarah Silverman calls for a military coup to overthrow President Trump Controversial statement Twinning! Cindy Crawford's son Presley Gerber steps out with girlfriend Lily - whose model good looks will fit right in Strictly's rumoured new head judge Gary Edwards suffers 'TV fail' when he continuously refers to Len Goodman as a 'matriarch' rather than a patriarch Imogen Thomas displays her curves in colourful swimwear at the launch of her new collection... as she reveals her relationship has lost its spark Gaz Beadle transforms into a naughty pensioner as he hits the gym and chats girls up in hilarious prank ahead of Spring Break with Grandad launch Just like Linda! Lusardi's daughter Lucy Kane shows an uncanny resemblance to her mum... as she 'blows judges away on The Voice End of an era! Designer Riccardo Tisci leaves Givenchy after 12 YEARS with the French fashion house - as rumors suggest he is heading to Versace Move over George! Adorable Prince of Bhutan proves himself a contender for world's cutest royal baby as he poses for his first birthday portrait Nick Gordon steps out on second anniversary of the day girlfriend Bobbi Kristina was tragically found unresponsive in bathtub 'I love having her around again': Brooke Vincent reveals she was instrumental in her on-screen sister Helen Flanagan's return to Coronation Street Drinking problems! Coronation Street viewers spot a major props blunder when Kate serves Toyah a glass of wine from an EMPTY bottle Who said acting was easy? Joanne Froggatt shelters from the rain as she braves freezing conditions while filming Liar in Kent Alice Eve oozes classic Hollywood glamour in a sophisticated all-black ensemble as she enjoys a low-key dinner in LA British beauty Gigi Hadid wears nothing but a tiny miniskirt as she goes braless for tasteful LOVE magazine shoot Stunning black and white snap  That's a butt rude! Rita Ora is cheeky in see-through gym pants ... as she steps out in LA after congratulating Beyonce on her pregnancy news What a view! Will pregnant Beyonce still perform at Coachella? Singer's April headline slot is uncertain after announcement she's expecting twins The adorable moment Prince Harry pranks an unimpressed school boy with the 'wrong shoulder' trick (and acts surprised when the joke's turned on him) Bella Thorne flaunts her taut tummy as she works up a sweat with her wild moves while leading a dance class Energetic night! Heidi Klum steals the spotlight in a quirky black Victoriana-style ensemble and heavy jewels as she shoots Germany's Next Top Model 'We do get a bit delirious': Rebel Wilson and Anna Kendrick share behind-the-scenes Pitch Perfect 3 video after filming for 15 hours Geordie Shore's Holly Hagan shows off her toned curves as she shares an eye-popping bikini shot from her holiday in Thailand 'I absolutely hate my natural look': Katie Price shares rare 'make-up free' selfie as she takes a break from her hair extensions Ed Sheeran fans hit out at touts after tickets to the British pop star's UK tour were being sold online for up to £1,000 just minutes after going on sale  Racy in red! Lucy Mecklenburgh shows off her stunningly slim figure in chic bikini as she posts yet ANOTHER swimsuit snap from Dubai trip 'Let me come in your changing room!' Trinny Woodall accidentally propositions Phillip Schofield live on This Morning leaving Holly Willoughby in hysterics What a bikini body! Justin Bieber's 'ex' Sahara Ray almost busts out of her skimpy swimwear in racy Instagram snap after THAT lingerie shot Lorraine Kelly can't contain her giggles as she recreates the famous pottery scene from the movie Ghost with Dr Hilary Jones as Patrick Swayze  Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy   Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance MetLife Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for MetLife Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Motley Fool Wealth Management LLC Has $7,007,000 Position in Markel Corporation (MKL) Eli Lilly and Company (LLY) Rating Lowered to Sell at Vetr Inc. Saputo Inc. Plans Quarterly Dividend of C$0.15 (SAP) Motley Fool Wealth Management LLC Has $4,052,000 Position in Watsco, Inc. (WSO) Itau Unibanco Banco Holding SA (ITUB) Stake Boosted by Bp Plc Banco Bradesco SA (BBD) Stake Reduced by Bp Plc Independent Bank Corporation (IBCP) Rating Increased to Strong-Buy at Zacks Investment Research Hornbeck Offshore Services (HOS) Stock Rating Lowered by Zacks Investment Research Q2 2017 EPS Estimates for DHT Holdings, Inc. (DHT) Lifted by Jefferies Group Fibria Celulose S.A. (FBR) Position Cut by Bp Plc Pioneer Natural Resources Company (PXD) Stake Maintained by Bp Plc Dominion Resources, Inc. (D) Shares Gap Down After Earnings Miss Alley Co LLC Has $2,883,000 Position in Xcel Energy Inc. (XEL) Aduro Biotech, Inc. (ADRO) Shares Bought by BlackRock Advisors LLC BlackRock Advisors LLC Acquires 9,757 Shares of Central Garden & Pet Company (CENT) Smith Moore & CO. Has $427,000 Stake in Rentech, Inc. (RTK) Celanese Corporation (CE) Hits New 1-Year High After Better-Than-Expected Earnings Lawrence Baldini Buys 4,000 Shares of Meridian Bioscience Inc. (VIVO) Stock Kemet Corporation (KEM) Reaches New 12-Month High Following Better-Than-Expected Earnings Guggenheim Reiterates Neutral Rating for Walt Disney Company (The) (DIS) Point View Wealth Management Inc. Increases Stake in MetLife, Inc. (MET) February 1st, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Trevor Kearing Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Point View Wealth Management Inc. increased its stake in shares of MetLife, Inc. (NYSE:MET) by 5.3% during the third quarter, according to its most recent 13F filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission. The institutional investor owned 44,052 shares of the company’s stock after buying an additional 2,206 shares during the period. MetLife makes up 1.2% of Point View Wealth Management Inc.’s holdings, making the stock its 13th largest position. Point View Wealth Management Inc.’s holdings in MetLife were worth $1,957,000 as of its most recent filing with the SEC. Several other institutional investors also recently bought and sold shares of the stock. Livingston Group Asset Management CO operating as Southport Capital Management bought a new position in MetLife during the second quarter valued at about $110,000. ClariVest Asset Management LLC increased its position in MetLife by 0.3% in the second quarter. ClariVest Asset Management LLC now owns 2,806 shares of the company’s stock valued at $112,000 after buying an additional 8 shares during the period. Carroll Financial Associates Inc. increased its position in MetLife by 51.5% in the third quarter. Carroll Financial Associates Inc. now owns 2,625 shares of the company’s stock valued at $116,000 after buying an additional 892 shares during the period. Edge Wealth Management LLC increased its position in MetLife by 631.7% in the third quarter. Edge Wealth Management LLC now owns 3,000 shares of the company’s stock valued at $133,000 after buying an additional 2,590 shares during the period. Finally, Alpha Windward LLC increased its position in MetLife by 2.5% in the third quarter. Alpha Windward LLC now owns 3,192 shares of the company’s stock valued at $142,000 after buying an additional 79 shares during the period. Hedge funds and other institutional investors own 75.40% of the company’s stock. Shares of MetLife, Inc. (NYSE:MET) opened at 54.41 on Wednesday. The firm has a market capitalization of $59.80 billion, a P/E ratio of 16.72 and a beta of 1.69. The firm has a 50 day moving average price of $54.60 and a 200-day moving average price of $48.41. MetLife, Inc. has a 52 week low of $35.00 and a 52 week high of $58.09. MetLife (NYSE:MET) last posted its quarterly earnings results on Wednesday, November 2nd. The company reported $1.28 earnings per share for the quarter, beating the Zacks’ consensus estimate of $1.24 by $0.04. MetLife had a return on equity of 6.99% and a net margin of 5.58%. The firm had revenue of $17.70 billion for the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $17.03 billion. During the same period in the previous year, the business earned $0.62 earnings per share. The company’s revenue for the quarter was down 99.9% compared to the same quarter last year. Equities research analysts predict that MetLife, Inc. will post $4.66 EPS for the current fiscal year. The company also recently announced a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Monday, March 13th. Shareholders of record on Monday, February 6th will be given a dividend of $0.40 per share. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Thursday, February 2nd. This represents a $1.60 dividend on an annualized basis and a yield of 2.94%. MetLife’s payout ratio is 49.23%. TRADEMARK VIOLATION WARNING: “Point View Wealth Management Inc. Increases Stake in MetLife, Inc. (MET)” was reported by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are reading this piece of content on another website, it was illegally stolen and reposted in violation of international copyright and trademark legislation. The correct version of this piece of content can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/02/01/point-view-wealth-management-inc-increases-stake-in-metlife-inc-met.html. A number of brokerages recently commented on MET. Citigroup Inc. began coverage on MetLife in a research report on Thursday, January 26th. They issued a “sell” rating and a $51.00 target price on the stock. J P Morgan Chase & Co reiterated a “buy” rating and issued a $51.00 target price on shares of MetLife in a research report on Friday, November 4th. Zacks Investment Research lowered MetLife from a “hold” rating to a “sell” rating in a research report on Tuesday, January 3rd. Argus set a $54.00 target price on MetLife and gave the company a “buy” rating in a research report on Friday, October 7th. Finally, Deutsche Bank AG reiterated a “hold” rating and issued a $44.00 target price on shares of MetLife in a research report on Saturday, October 8th. Two equities research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, three have assigned a hold rating, eleven have issued a buy rating and one has assigned a strong buy rating to the stock. The company presently has a consensus rating of “Buy” and an average target price of $54.00. In other MetLife news, EVP Frans Hijkoop sold 14,997 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction on Thursday, December 1st. The stock was sold at an average price of $56.18, for a total transaction of $842,531.46. Following the sale, the executive vice president now directly owns 70,560 shares in the company, valued at $3,964,060.80. The transaction was disclosed in a document filed with the SEC, which can be accessed through the SEC website. Also, EVP Peter M. Carlson sold 23,636 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction on Friday, December 23rd. The stock was sold at an average price of $54.32, for a total value of $1,283,907.52. Following the sale, the executive vice president now owns 39,914 shares in the company, valued at $2,168,128.48. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Over the last quarter, insiders have sold 94,883 shares of company stock worth $5,022,189. 0.27% of the stock is owned by company insiders. MetLife Company Profile MetLife, Inc (MetLife) is a provider of life insurance, annuities, employee benefits and asset management. The Company’s segments include Retail; Group, Voluntary & Worksite Benefits; Corporate Benefit Funding; Latin America (collectively, the Americas); Asia, and Europe, the Middle East and Africa (EMEA). Want to see what other hedge funds are holding MET? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for MetLife, Inc. (NYSE:MET). Receive News & Ratings for MetLife Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for MetLife Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Trump Cancels Harley-Davidson Trip Due to Possible Protests White House Appears to Pull Back on Part of Policy on Vetting President Trump’s Labor Secretary Choice Outsourced Jobs President Trump Agenda: Border Wall and Sanctuary Cities White House Says President Trump Will Not Release His Tax Returns © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Tech News Home > Tech > Tech News < Back to SMG 45 Wednesday, 1 February 2017 | MYT 5:00 PM Trump travel ban stirs faint corporate outcry beyond Silicon Valley Walking on eggshells: A file photo of Trump with PayPal co-founder and Facebook board member Peter Thiel, Cook, Oracle CEO Safra Catz and Musk during a meeting with technology leaders at Trump Tower in New York on Dec 14, 2016. While many tech leaders have openly denounced Trump's ban, many of their counterparts in other industries either declined comment or responded with company statements reiterating their commitment to diversity. — Reuters NEW YORK/BOSTON: Most US corporate bosses have stayed silent on President Donald Trump's immigration curbs, underscoring the sensitivities around opposing policies that could provoke a backlash from the White House.  While the leaders of Apple Inc, Google and Facebook Inc e-mailed their staff to denounce the suspension of the US refugee programme and the halting of arrivals from seven Muslim-majority countries, many of their counterparts in other industries either declined comment or responded with company statements reiterating their commitment to diversity.  The difference in response shows the pressure large swathes of corporate America faces to avoid tussling publicly with the new administration.  Companies such as aircraft maker Boeing Co and automakers Ford Motor Co and General Motors Co have already had run-ins with Trump over other issues, and they have much at stake in policy decisions that the administration will make on tax, trade and regulatory matters.  Before office, Trump attacked Boeing over the cost of the future Air Force One programme. Boeing chief executive officer Dennis Muilenburg met with him earlier this month and said he and Trump had made progress on the Air Force One issue and the potential sale of fighter aircraft.  Representatives from Boeing, General Motors and Ford declined to comment on Trump's immigration curbs.  Wall Street, meanwhile, is hoping the new administration will ease some of the regulations introduced in the wake of the 2007-08 financial crisis and adopt a lighter touch in their enforcement.  Industries including banking, healthcare and auto manufacturing “see themselves on the cusp of a new era of deregulation, and they do not want to do anything that would offend the new emperor,” said Cornelius Hurley, director of Boston University’s Centre for Finance, Law & Policy.  So far, Lloyd Blankfein, the chief executive of Goldman Sachs, is the only major US bank boss to speak out directly against the executive order.  "This is not a policy we support," Blankfein said in a message sent to staff on Sunday evening. "Being diverse is not optional; it is what we must be."  Representatives of Citigroup Inc, Bank of America Corp and Morgan Stanley declined to comment on Trump's immigration order.  Wells Fargo & Co said in a statement that it was reviewing the executive order and its implications for staff and its business.  JPMorgan Chase & Co's Operating Committee, which includes CEO Jamie Dimon, sent a note to staff saying it was reaching out to all employees affected and noted that the country was, “strengthened by the rich diversity of the world around us.”  To be sure, some CEOs were more outspoken.  Nike Inc CEO Mark Parker said the company did not support the executive order.  "Nike believes in a world where everyone celebrates the power of diversity," he said in a statement. "Those values are being threatened by the recent executive order in the US banning refugees, as well as visitors, from seven Muslim-majority countries."  Brent Saunders, CEO of US drugmaker Allergan Plc, tweeted: "Oppose any policy that puts limitations on our ability to attract the best & diverse talent."  But many boardrooms kept quiet. Representatives for some energy companies, including Exxon Mobil Corp, for example, declined to comment.  Good corporate citizens  As the idea of corporate social responsibility has taken root, so companies have increasingly championed a range of causes, including gay rights, diverse workplaces and a global view.  Many in corporate America are still trying to work out how to deal with a new government that takes a more conservative stance on some social issues and has an anti-globalisation platform.  Those non-tech companies that did issue statements over the weekend tended to emphasise their role as good corporate citizens rather than openly criticise Trump's policies.  Starbucks Corp CEO Howard Schultz has put the coffee chain in the national spotlight before, asking customers not to bring guns into stores and urging conversations on race relations.  In a letter to employees, he said Starbucks was developing plans to hire 10,000 refugees over five years across dozens of countries, but he did not directly criticise Trump's order.  “I am hearing the alarm you all are sounding that the civility and human rights we have all taken for granted for so long are under attack,” he wrote.  In his statement, General Electric Co CEO Jeff Immelt told staff that the company would engage with the US government.  "We will continue to make our voice heard with the new administration and Congress, and reiterate the importance of this issue to GE and to the business community overall," he wrote.  One of the most immediate ways for corporate bosses to communicate with Trump about the immigration order will be the first meeting of his advisory panel of business leaders next week.  Of the 19 leaders on that panel, only two, Elon Musk, who founded Tesla Motors Inc and SpaceX, and Travis Kalanick, CEO of Uber Technologies Inc, have spoken out against Trump's immigration curbs.  A spokeswoman for Stephen Schwarzman, the billionaire chief executive of Blackstone Group LP whom Trump tasked to set up and chair the panel, declined to comment. — Reuters You May Be Interested Here’s Apple’s challenge in India Under attack from hackers, UK isn’t hiring staff fast enough ‘The Elder Scrolls Online’ welcomes return of Morrowind Apple to expand iconic NYC ‘Cube’ store in lift for Fifth Avenue Uber CEO quits Trump’s business advisory group Scotiabank to invest US$1bil in digital technology Others Also Read Australia take command over Czechs Traders arrive as early as 5am to register for Thaipusam bazaar lots Amber passionate about work and family advertisement Latest News Apple to build iPhone in India this year: official Amazon projects spending that concerns investors watching profit Snap signed five-year, US$2bil deal to use Google’s Cloud Nintendo plays with fire as new mobile game takes ‘gacha’ global Under attack from hackers, UK isn’t hiring staff fast enough Most Viewed in Tech Apple to build iPhone in India this year: official Is it time to say ‘goodbye’ to Google Allo? Nintendo plays with fire as new mobile game takes ‘gacha’ global Snap signed five-year, US$2bil deal to use Google’s Cloud Samsung in talks with Japan’s Murata for S8 batteries: Nikkei Apple moves closer to iPhone assembly in India Amazon projects spending that concerns investors watching profit Under attack from hackers, UK isn’t hiring staff fast enough Credit card thieves move online as chips cut in-store fraud Irish calculation similar to EU on Apple tax estimate: minister Powered by advertisement advertisement site map Home Videos News Business Sport Metro Lifestyle Tech Opinion subscriptions The Star newspaper Other Publications RSS Feeds other editions ePaper Mobile SMS Services Magazines Kuntum company info About Us Contact Us Job Opportunities Investor Relations FAQs Advertising View Our Rate Card Policies Privacy Statement Terms of Use our sites Star2.com myStarjob.com Carsifu StarProperty.my Propwall iBilik R.AGE mStar Kuali Leaderonomics TheStarTV.com StarCherish.com Search The Star Online Connect with us Content Partner Our Radio Stations site map Home Videos News Business Sport Metro Tech Lifestyle Travel Opinion subscriptions The Star newspaper Other Publications RSS Feeds other editions ePaper Mobile SMS Services magazines Kuntum company info About Us Contact Us Job Opportunities Investor Relations FAQs advertising View Our Rate Card policies Privacy Statement Terms of Use our sites Star2.com myStarjob.com Carsifu starproperty.my Propwall iBilik R.AGE mStar Kuali Leaderonomics TheStarTV.com StarCherish.com social media Facebook Twitter Copyright © 1995- Star Media Group Berhad (ROC 10894D)
WSJ WSJ LIVE WSJ Live on Facebook WSJ Live on Twitter MARKETWATCH MarketWatch on Facebook MarketWatch on Twitter BARRON'S <h4>Barrons on Facebook</h4><div style="border: none; padding: 2px 3px;" class="fb-like" data-href="http://www.facebook.com/barronsonline" data-send="false" data-layout="button_count" data-width="250" data-show-faces="false" data-action="recommend"></div> <h4>Barrons on Twitter</h4><a href="https://twitter.com/barronsonline" class="twitter-follow-button" data-show-count="true">Follow @barronsonline</a> DJX Product X on Facebook Product X on Twitter RT F R&C PE&VC WSJ B MORE Mansion Global WSJ Secure BigCharts Financial News Professor Journal Realtor.com Student Journal Virtual Stock Exchange WSJ Classifieds WSJ Classrooms WSJ Wine Search Asia Edition U.S. Edition   Subscribe Log In Home Magazine This Week's Edition Past Editions New: Cartoons Daily All Coverage Barron's Take Weekday Trader Up & Down Wall St. Daily Getting Technical Striking Price Daily Wall Street's Best Minds Read This, Spike That Stocks to Watch Today Asia Stocks to Watch Income Investing Tech Trader Daily Focus on Funds Emerging Markets Q&A Video Center Investing Ideas Overview Barron's Picks & Pans Mutual Funds / ETFs Hedge Funds Stocks Center Commodities Center Bonds Center Options Center Barron's Take Weekday Trader Stock Alert Inside Scoop Ahead of the Crowd Focus on Funds Stocks to Watch Today Barron's Roundtable Advisor Center Overview Top 100 Advisors Top 100 Women Advisors Top 100 Independent Advisors Top 1,200 Advisors Advisor Profiles Market Data Market Data Center Market Lab Economic Calendar Watchlist Stock Grader Stock & Fund Tables Barron's 400 PENTA Penta Magazine Penta Daily Penta Archives Barron's NEXT Q&A Finding Value in Apple, Nike, Allergan, Wal-Mart Top-performing Becker Value Equity fund is loading up on beaten-down big names and shunning utilities. By Teresa Rivas Biography Jan. 31, 2017 5:53 a.m. ET Value investing fell out of favor for many years before it finally recaptured the spotlight in 2016, bringing the focus back to fundamentals. Marian... Get The Full Story Subscribe   or   Log In Want to participate in the discussion? Already a subscriber? Log in for complete access. Powered by Livefyre Most Popular 1. The Personal-Finance App That Saved Me $1,448 Subscriber Content Read Preview 2. Steve Jobs’ Family Cuts Disney Stake in Half Subscriber Content Read Preview 3. Breaking Down the Apple Watch’s ‘Best Quarter Ever’ Subscriber Content Read Preview 4. The Best ‘America First’ Trades to Make Today Subscriber Content Read Preview 5. Tax Reform Bogs Down, Iran Tensions Heat Up Subscriber Content Read Preview See Full List Latest Market Videos 1 Watch Out for Disney on Hulu and YouTube 2 Bringing Banking to Would-Be Entrepreneurs in Poverty 3 Apple Loses Ground to Rivals in China Barron's Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn YouTube RSS Feed AppStore Google Play Return to Top« Customer Service Customer Center Contact Us Live Help Refer Your Friends to Barron's and Get Rewarded. Learn More Create an Account Subscribe to Barron's Magazine Subscribers: Activate Your Digital Access About Barrons.com Advertising Masthead Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Data Policy Copyright Policy Subscriber Agreement & Terms of Use Your Ad Choices Community Guidelines Also From Barron's Conferences Reprints Classifieds College Program Find a Broker Barron's in Japanese Tools & Services Mobile Site Email Newsletters Barron's on iPad/iPhone Barron's on Android Watchlist Video Annual Reports StockGrader Barron's 400 Economic Calendar Stock & Mutual Fund Listings Commodities, Options & Annuities Listings Fund Prospectuses ACAP Enabled Copyright ©2017 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy   Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Bank Of New York Mellon Corporation (The) - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Bank Of New York Mellon Corporation (The) with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Metro Ag (MEO3) PT Set at €38.00 by equinet AG Berenberg Bank Analysts Give SAP SE (SAP) a €94.00 Price Target adidas AG (ADS) PT Set at €166.00 by Kepler Capital Markets Graco Inc. (GGG) Expected to Earn Q1 2017 Earnings of $0.78 Per Share HCA Holdings, Inc. to Post Q1 2017 Earnings of $1.81 Per Share, KeyCorp Forecasts (HCA) IDEX Corporation (IEX) Expected to Earn Q1 2017 Earnings of $0.93 Per Share Olin Corporation (OLN) Hits New 12-Month High After Strong Earnings ContraVir Pharmaceuticals Inc (CTRV) Given Consensus Rating of “Strong Buy” by Brokerages Cesca Therapeutics Inc. (KOOL) Given Consensus Recommendation of “Hold” by Brokerages Zacks: BGC Partners, Inc. (BGCP) Given $14.00 Average Target Price by Analysts Zacks: Orchid Island Capital, Inc. (ORC) Given Average Rating of “Strong Buy” by Analysts Zacks: AC Immune SA (ACIU) Given $23.00 Consensus Target Price by Analysts Royal Bank Of Canada Downgrades E.On Se (EONGY) to Underperform Pagegroup PLC (MPI) Price Target Raised to GBX 490 Diageo plc (DGE) Receives Buy Rating from HSBC Holdings plc Metro Ag (MEO3) Given a €38.00 Price Target at Oddo Securities Overstock.com, Inc. (OSTK) Major Shareholder Sells $15,228,861.84 in Stock Voya Prime Rate Trust (PPR) Declares Monthly Dividend of $0.03 Hanesbrands Inc. (HBI) Posts Quarterly Earnings Results, Misses Estimates By $0.05 EPS UNITIL Corporation (UTL) Announces Quarterly Earnings Results, Beats Estimates By $0.01 EPS Bank Of New York Mellon Corporation (The) (BK) Shares Sold by United States Steel & Carnegie Pension Fund February 1st, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Tyrone Williams Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet United States Steel & Carnegie Pension Fund lowered its stake in shares of Bank Of New York Mellon Corporation (The) (NYSE:BK) by 18.3% during the third quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The fund owned 707,994 shares of the company’s stock after selling 158,755 shares during the period. United States Steel & Carnegie Pension Fund’s holdings in Bank Of New York Mellon Corporation (The) were worth $28,235,000 at the end of the most recent reporting period. Other institutional investors also recently modified their holdings of the company. Dodge & Cox boosted its stake in Bank Of New York Mellon Corporation (The) by 3.5% in the second quarter. Dodge & Cox now owns 55,928,092 shares of the company’s stock valued at $2,172,806,000 after buying an additional 1,880,245 shares during the period. Trian Fund Management L.P. boosted its stake in Bank Of New York Mellon Corporation (The) by 1.2% in the second quarter. Trian Fund Management L.P. now owns 32,220,599 shares of the company’s stock valued at $1,251,770,000 after buying an additional 393,866 shares during the period. Macquarie Group Ltd. boosted its stake in Bank Of New York Mellon Corporation (The) by 6.1% in the second quarter. Macquarie Group Ltd. now owns 18,211,029 shares of the company’s stock valued at $707,499,000 after buying an additional 1,052,871 shares during the period. Artisan Partners Limited Partnership boosted its position in shares of Bank Of New York Mellon Corporation (The) by 2.0% in the second quarter. Artisan Partners Limited Partnership now owns 14,819,489 shares of the company’s stock valued at $575,737,000 after buying an additional 294,042 shares during the last quarter. Finally, Magellan Asset Management Ltd boosted its position in shares of Bank Of New York Mellon Corporation (The) by 1.4% in the second quarter. Magellan Asset Management Ltd now owns 12,703,867 shares of the company’s stock valued at $493,545,000 after buying an additional 177,255 shares during the last quarter. Hedge funds and other institutional investors own 81.59% of the company’s stock. Shares of Bank Of New York Mellon Corporation (NYSE:BK) opened at 44.73 on Wednesday. The company’s 50-day moving average price is $46.85 and its 200 day moving average price is $43.34. Bank Of New York Mellon Corporation has a 52 week low of $32.20 and a 52 week high of $49.54. The company has a market cap of $46.85 billion, a P/E ratio of 14.20 and a beta of 1.30. Bank Of New York Mellon Corporation (The) (NYSE:BK) last announced its quarterly earnings data on Thursday, January 19th. The company reported $0.77 earnings per share for the quarter, meeting analysts’ consensus estimates of $0.77. The business had revenue of $3.79 billion for the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $3.85 billion. Bank Of New York Mellon Corporation (The) had a return on equity of 9.74% and a net margin of 22.64%. The company’s revenue was up 1.7% on a year-over-year basis. During the same period in the prior year, the company earned $0.68 earnings per share. Equities research analysts anticipate that Bank Of New York Mellon Corporation will post $3.46 earnings per share for the current fiscal year. The company also recently disclosed a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Friday, February 10th. Stockholders of record on Tuesday, January 31st will be issued a $0.19 dividend. This represents a $0.76 dividend on an annualized basis and a dividend yield of 1.70%. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Friday, January 27th. Bank Of New York Mellon Corporation (The)’s dividend payout ratio is presently 24.05%. WARNING: This story was originally posted by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are accessing this story on another website, it was illegally stolen and reposted in violation of United States & international trademark & copyright laws. The correct version of this story can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/02/01/bank-of-new-york-mellon-corporation-the-bk-shares-sold-by-united-states-steel-carnegie-pension-fund.html. Several research analysts have issued reports on the company. J P Morgan Chase & Co cut Bank Of New York Mellon Corporation (The) from an “overweight” rating to a “neutral” rating and raised their target price for the stock from $47.50 to $49.00 in a research report on Friday, January 6th. Raymond James Financial, Inc. raised Bank Of New York Mellon Corporation (The) from an “outperform” rating to a “strong-buy” rating and raised their target price for the stock from $50.00 to $57.00 in a research report on Wednesday, December 28th. Citigroup Inc. raised Bank Of New York Mellon Corporation (The) from an “outperform” rating to a “strong-buy” rating and raised their target price for the stock from $50.00 to $57.00 in a research report on Wednesday, December 28th. They noted that the move was a valuation call. Buckingham Research cut Bank Of New York Mellon Corporation (The) from a “buy” rating to a “neutral” rating and set a $52.00 target price on the stock. in a research report on Monday, November 21st. Finally, Credit Suisse Group assumed coverage on Bank Of New York Mellon Corporation (The) in a research report on Tuesday, November 22nd. They issued a “neutral” rating and a $46.00 target price on the stock. Nine research analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating, four have assigned a buy rating and two have issued a strong buy rating to the company. The company has an average rating of “Buy” and a consensus price target of $49.00. Bank Of New York Mellon Corporation (The) Company Profile The Bank of New York Mellon Corporation (BNY Mellon) is an investments company. The Company operates businesses through two segments: Investment Management and Investment Services. The Company also has an Other segment, which includes credit-related services; the leasing portfolio; corporate treasury activities, including its investment securities portfolio; its equity interest in ConvergEx Group; business exits, and corporate overhead. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding BK? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Bank Of New York Mellon Corporation (The) (NYSE:BK). Receive News & Ratings for Bank Of New York Mellon Corporation (The) Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Bank Of New York Mellon Corporation (The) and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Trump Cancels Harley-Davidson Trip Due to Possible Protests White House Appears to Pull Back on Part of Policy on Vetting President Trump’s Labor Secretary Choice Outsourced Jobs President Trump Agenda: Border Wall and Sanctuary Cities White House Says President Trump Will Not Release His Tax Returns © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy   Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance e.l.f. Beauty Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for e.l.f. Beauty Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Nuance Communications Inc. (NUAN) Set to Announce Quarterly Earnings on Tuesday Shutterfly, Inc. (SFLY) Releases Q1 Earnings Guidance Seacoast Banking Corporation of Florida (SBCF) Issues Quarterly Earnings Results SkyWest, Inc. (SKYW) Posts Quarterly Earnings Results, Beats Expectations By $0.02 EPS Flex Ltd (FLEX) Rating Increased to Hold at Zacks Investment Research FY2016 Earnings Estimate for Chemtrade Logistics Income Fund (CHE) Issued By National Bank Financial FY2016 EPS Estimates for New Gold Inc. Boosted by Cormark (NGD) Alphabet Inc. (GOOG) PT Set at $970.00 by Goldman Sachs Group, Inc. (The) Archer-Daniels-Midland Company (ADM) Stock Rating Upgraded by Vetr Inc. Silicon Laboratories, Inc. (SLAB) Sets New 52-Week High Following Strong Earnings Ralph Lauren Corporation (RL) Hits New 12-Month Low After Analyst Downgrade Encana Corporation (ECA) Sees Large Increase in Short Interest Encana Corporation (ECA) Sees Large Increase in Short Interest Danone SA (BN) Receives €68.95 Average PT from Analysts Brokerages Set Hess Corporation (HES) PT at $64.82 Smith & Nephew SNATS, Inc. (SNN) Given Consensus Recommendation of “Hold” by Brokerages HSBC Holdings plc Upgrades Software AG (STWRY) to Buy Raymond James Financial, Inc. Reaffirms “Market Perform” Rating for Imperial Oil Limited (IMO) Methanex’s (MX) “Sector Perform” Rating Reiterated at Scotiabank Crius Energy Trust (KWH.UN) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Royal Bank Of Canada e.l.f. Beauty Inc. (ELF) Short Interest Update February 1st, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Latisha Jones Filed Under: Finance - Options Articles Tweet e.l.f. Beauty Inc. (NYSE:ELF) was the target of a significant increase in short interest during the month of January. As of January 13th, there was short interest totalling 1,839,559 shares, an increase of 39.4% from the December 30th total of 1,319,762 shares. Approximately 15.4% of the company’s stock are short sold. Based on an average daily trading volume, of 418,861 shares, the short-interest ratio is presently 4.4 days. A hedge fund recently bought a new stake in e.l.f. Beauty stock. Hodges Capital Management Inc. bought a new position in e.l.f. Beauty Inc. (NYSE:ELF) during the fourth quarter, according to its most recent disclosure with the SEC. The institutional investor bought 243,492 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $7,047,000. Hodges Capital Management Inc. owned approximately 0.54% of e.l.f. Beauty as of its most recent SEC filing. 60.74% of the stock is currently owned by institutional investors. e.l.f. Beauty (NYSE:ELF) opened at 24.96 on Wednesday. The firm has a 50-day moving average of $28.28 and a 200-day moving average of $27.99. e.l.f. Beauty has a 12-month low of $23.73 and a 12-month high of $32.54. The firm’s market cap is $1.13 billion. e.l.f. Beauty (NYSE:ELF) last announced its quarterly earnings results on Thursday, November 10th. The company reported $0.09 EPS for the quarter, beating the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of $0.01 by $0.08. The firm earned $56.30 million during the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $53.95 million. e.l.f. Beauty’s revenue for the quarter was up 10.8% on a year-over-year basis. On average, analysts expect that e.l.f. Beauty will post $0.31 EPS for the current year. ELF has been the subject of a number of research analyst reports. J P Morgan Chase & Co initiated coverage on shares of e.l.f. Beauty in a research note on Monday, October 17th. They issued a “neutral” rating and a $28.00 price target for the company. Stifel Nicolaus initiated coverage on shares of e.l.f. Beauty in a research note on Monday, October 17th. They issued a “hold” rating and a $25.00 price target for the company. Piper Jaffray Companies initiated coverage on shares of e.l.f. Beauty in a research note on Monday, October 17th. They issued an “overweight” rating and a $30.00 price target for the company. Wells Fargo & Company initiated coverage on shares of e.l.f. Beauty in a research note on Monday, October 17th. They issued a “market perform” rating for the company. Finally, William Blair restated an “outperform” rating on shares of e.l.f. Beauty in a research note on Monday, October 17th. Five analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and five have given a buy rating to the stock. The company currently has an average rating of “Buy” and an average target price of $30.63. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION NOTICE: This news story was first reported by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are viewing this news story on another publication, it was illegally copied and reposted in violation of US and international copyright and trademark law. The correct version of this news story can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/02/01/e-l-f-beauty-inc-elf-short-interest-update.html. About e.l.f. Beauty e.l.f. Beauty, Inc, formerly J.A. Cosmetics Holdings, Inc, is a cosmetic company. The Company conducts its business under the name e.l.f. Cosmetics, and offers products for eyes, lips and face to consumers through its retail customers, e.l.f. stores and e-commerce channels. The Company offers a range of products for eyes, such as eyeshadow, eyeliner, mascara and eyelashes, eyebrows, concealer and primer, brushes and tools, and sets and palettes. Receive News & Ratings for e.l.f. Beauty Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for e.l.f. Beauty Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Trump Cancels Harley-Davidson Trip Due to Possible Protests White House Appears to Pull Back on Part of Policy on Vetting President Trump’s Labor Secretary Choice Outsourced Jobs President Trump Agenda: Border Wall and Sanctuary Cities White House Says President Trump Will Not Release His Tax Returns © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy   Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Arc Logistic Partners LP - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Arc Logistic Partners LP with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News MarketAxess Holdings, Inc. (MKTX) Position Maintained by Capital World Investors Kirby Corporation (KEX) Stake Raised by Capital World Investors Capital World Investors Maintains Position in Apollo Global Management, LLC (APO) Moors & Cabot Inc. Acquires 566 Shares of Xylem Inc. (XYL) Moors & Cabot Inc. Has $459,000 Position in Eastman Chemical Company (EMN) Highbridge Capital Management LLC Takes Position in Liberty Interactive Corporation (QVCA) RBC Capital Markets Reiterates “Buy” Rating for Marsh & McLennan Companies, Inc. (MMC) MiX Telematics Limited (MIXT) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Canaccord Genuity RBF Capital LLC Has $168,000 Stake in Enable Midstream Partners, LP (ENBL) RBF Capital LLC Has $162,000 Stake in Luxfer Holdings PLC (LXFR) Capital Research Global Investors Continues to Hold Position in Air Lease Corporation (AL) Capital Research Global Investors Sells 2,033,798 Shares of Yahoo! Inc. (YHOO) Ford Motor Company (F) Stake Cut by Capital World Investors Capital World Investors Boosts Stake in Square, Inc. (SQ) Capital World Investors Has $122,447,000 Stake in ZELTIQ Aesthetics, Inc. (ZLTQ) BioCryst Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (BCRX) Shares Bought by D. E. Shaw & Co. Inc. D. E. Shaw & Co. Inc. Sells 9,035 Shares of Kate Spade & Company (KATE) D. E. Shaw & Co. Inc. Has $15,172,000 Position in Estee Lauder Companies, Inc. (The) (EL) Nuveen Preferred Income Opportunities Fd (JPC) Declares Monthly Dividend of $0.06 Nuveen Fund Advisors LLC Raises Stake in Wpp Plc (WPPGY) Brokerages Set Arc Logistic Partners LP (ARCX) Target Price at $16.00 February 1st, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Patrick Bannon Filed Under: Consensus Rating Articles - Finance Tweet Shares of Arc Logistic Partners LP (NYSE:ARCX) have been given an average rating of “Hold” by the eight brokerages that are currently covering the stock. Six research analysts have rated the stock with a hold recommendation and two have issued a buy recommendation on the company. The average twelve-month target price among brokers that have issued a report on the stock in the last year is $16.00. Several research firms have recently issued reports on ARCX. TheStreet upgraded Arc Logistic Partners from a “sell” rating to a “hold” rating in a research report on Monday, November 7th. Citigroup Inc. lowered Arc Logistic Partners from a “buy” rating to a “neutral” rating in a research report on Thursday, December 8th. Zacks Investment Research lowered Arc Logistic Partners from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating in a research report on Tuesday, October 11th. Stifel Nicolaus upgraded Arc Logistic Partners from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $15.00 target price for the company in a research report on Monday, November 7th. They noted that the move was a valuation call. Finally, DA Davidson restated a “buy” rating and set a $22.00 target price on shares of Arc Logistic Partners in a research report on Tuesday, November 8th. Arc Logistic Partners (NYSE:ARCX) opened at 15.73 on Friday. The company’s 50-day moving average is $15.98 and its 200 day moving average is $15.21. The company has a market cap of $303.62 million, a price-to-earnings ratio of 23.44 and a beta of 0.89. Arc Logistic Partners has a 12 month low of $9.50 and a 12 month high of $17.40. The firm also recently disclosed a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Wednesday, February 15th. Investors of record on Wednesday, February 8th will be given a $0.44 dividend. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Monday, February 6th. This represents a $1.76 annualized dividend and a dividend yield of 11.19%. Arc Logistic Partners’s dividend payout ratio is presently 258.82%. In related news, insider United Energy Trading, Llc sold 1,035,000 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Thursday, January 26th. The stock was sold at an average price of $15.93, for a total value of $16,487,550.00. Following the completion of the transaction, the insider now directly owns 659,247 shares in the company, valued at approximately $10,501,804.71. The sale was disclosed in a legal filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is available through the SEC website. Also, major shareholder Lightfoot Capital Partners, Lp purchased 27,894 shares of Arc Logistic Partners stock in a transaction on Wednesday, December 28th. The shares were purchased at an average cost of $14.50 per share, with a total value of $404,463.00. The disclosure for this purchase can be found here. Institutional investors have recently added to or reduced their stakes in the company. Cohen & Steers Inc. increased its position in Arc Logistic Partners by 326.1% in the second quarter. Cohen & Steers Inc. now owns 642,090 shares of the company’s stock worth $17,336,000 after buying an additional 491,397 shares during the period. Advisory Research Inc. increased its position in Arc Logistic Partners by 0.9% in the second quarter. Advisory Research Inc. now owns 542,595 shares of the company’s stock worth $7,054,000 after buying an additional 5,000 shares during the period. Finally, JPMorgan Chase & Co. purchased a new position in Arc Logistic Partners during the second quarter worth $111,000. 44.46% of the stock is owned by hedge funds and other institutional investors. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION NOTICE: “Brokerages Set Arc Logistic Partners LP (ARCX) Target Price at $16.00” was first reported by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are viewing this piece on another publication, it was illegally copied and republished in violation of international trademark & copyright law. The legal version of this piece can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/02/01/brokerages-set-arc-logistic-partners-lp-arcx-target-price-at-16-00.html. About Arc Logistic Partners Arc Logistics Partners LP owns, operates, develops and acquires a portfolio of complementary energy logistics assets. The Company is engaged in the terminaling, storage, throughput and transloading of crude oil and petroleum products. It is focused on growing its business through the optimization, organic development and acquisition of terminaling, storage, rail, pipeline and other energy logistics assets. Receive News & Ratings for Arc Logistic Partners LP Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Arc Logistic Partners LP and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Trump Cancels Harley-Davidson Trip Due to Possible Protests White House Appears to Pull Back on Part of Policy on Vetting President Trump’s Labor Secretary Choice Outsourced Jobs President Trump Agenda: Border Wall and Sanctuary Cities White House Says President Trump Will Not Release His Tax Returns © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy   Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance BT Group PLC - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for BT Group PLC with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Abbott Laboratories (ABT) Stake Boosted by Zurcher Kantonalbank Zurich Cantonalbank Whole Foods Market, Inc. (WFM) Shares Sold by AMP Capital Investors Ltd ANSYS, Inc. (ANSS) Shares Sold by AMP Capital Investors Ltd AMP Capital Investors Ltd Has $23,356,000 Stake in Abbott Laboratories (ABT) KCG Holdings Inc. Purchases New Stake in Deluxe Corporation (DLX) Regal Entertainment Group (RGC) Position Boosted by KCG Holdings Inc. Antero Resources Corporation (AR) Stake Boosted by KCG Holdings Inc. Education Realty Trust Inc. (EDR) Position Boosted by KCG Holdings Inc. Wabash National Corporation (WNC) Stake Boosted by KCG Holdings Inc. Robert W. Baird Upgrades Plains All American Pipeline, L.P. (PAA) to Outperform Citadel Advisors LLC Takes Position in RLI Corp. (RLI) E.On Se (EOAN) Given a €8.50 Price Target by Barclays PLC Analysts Packaging Corporation of America (PKG) Stake Increased by Nomura Asset Management Co. Ltd. QUALCOMM Incorporated (QCOM) Shares Bought by Nomura Asset Management Co. Ltd. Celadon Group, Inc. (CGI) Announces $0.02 Quarterly Dividend USD Partners LP (USDP) Announces Quarterly Dividend of $0.33 FY2017 EPS Estimates for ArcelorMittal Increased by Jefferies Group (MT) SM Energy Company (SM) Price Target Lowered to $44.00 at Piper Jaffray Companies XOMA Corporation’s (XOMA) “Hold” Rating Reaffirmed at Cowen and Company Camden Property Trust (CPT) Lowered to Sell at Zacks Investment Research BT Group PLC (BT) Price Target Lowered to GBX 425 at Citigroup Inc. January 31st, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Latisha Jones Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Finance Tweet BT Group PLC (NYSE:BT) had its price target lowered by Citigroup Inc. from GBX 460 ($5.74) to GBX 425 ($5.30) in a research report report published on Thursday, StockTargetPrices.com reports. Citigroup Inc. currently has a buy rating on the stock. Several other equities research analysts have also commented on BT. Credit Suisse Group reiterated a neutral rating and issued a GBX 400 ($4.99) price objective on shares of BT Group PLC in a research report on Thursday, December 8th. Beaufort Securities decreased their price objective on shares of BT Group PLC from GBX 440 ($5.49) to GBX 360 ($4.49) and set a buy rating on the stock in a research report on Wednesday, January 25th. Haitong Bank reiterated a buy rating and issued a GBX 560 ($6.99) price objective on shares of BT Group PLC in a research report on Thursday, January 5th. Morgan Stanley decreased their price objective on shares of BT Group PLC from GBX 490 ($6.12) to GBX 400 ($4.99) and set an overweight rating on the stock in a research report on Wednesday, January 25th. Finally, J P Morgan Chase & Co reiterated a neutral rating and issued a GBX 440 ($5.49) price objective on shares of BT Group PLC in a research report on Friday, October 28th. Two analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, eight have assigned a hold rating, seven have issued a buy rating and one has given a strong buy rating to the stock. BT Group PLC presently has a consensus rating of Hold and a consensus target price of $411.72. BT Group PLC (NYSE:BT) opened at 19.36 on Thursday. BT Group PLC has a 52 week low of $19.14 and a 52 week high of $36.00. The firm’s 50-day moving average is $22.84 and its 200 day moving average is $24.23. The stock has a market cap of $38.50 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 12.91 and a beta of 1.12. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY NOTICE: “BT Group PLC (BT) Price Target Lowered to GBX 425 at Citigroup Inc.” was reported by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are viewing this piece on another website, it was copied illegally and reposted in violation of US and international copyright and trademark laws. The original version of this piece can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/01/31/bt-group-plc-bt-price-target-lowered-to-gbx-425-at-citigroup-inc.html. Several large investors have recently bought and sold shares of the stock. Miller Howard Investments Inc. NY raised its stake in BT Group PLC by 95.7% in the third quarter. Miller Howard Investments Inc. NY now owns 523,622 shares of the company’s stock valued at $13,316,000 after buying an additional 256,025 shares in the last quarter. Thornburg Investment Management Inc. purchased a new stake in BT Group PLC during the second quarter valued at about $6,736,000. JPMorgan Chase & Co. raised its stake in shares of BT Group PLC by 198.6% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 342,739 shares of the company’s stock valued at $8,716,000 after buying an additional 227,938 shares in the last quarter. Grimes & Company Inc. bought a new stake in shares of BT Group PLC during the third quarter valued at $1,957,000. Finally, First Mercantile Trust Co. bought a new stake in shares of BT Group PLC during the third quarter valued at $1,195,000. 1.08% of the stock is currently owned by institutional investors and hedge funds. BT Group PLC Company Profile Receive News & Ratings for BT Group PLC Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for BT Group PLC and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Trump Cancels Harley-Davidson Trip Due to Possible Protests White House Appears to Pull Back on Part of Policy on Vetting President Trump’s Labor Secretary Choice Outsourced Jobs President Trump Agenda: Border Wall and Sanctuary Cities White House Says President Trump Will Not Release His Tax Returns © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy   Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance TFS Financial Corporation - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for TFS Financial Corporation with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Metro Ag (MEO3) PT Set at €38.00 by equinet AG Berenberg Bank Analysts Give SAP SE (SAP) a €94.00 Price Target adidas AG (ADS) PT Set at €166.00 by Kepler Capital Markets Graco Inc. (GGG) Expected to Earn Q1 2017 Earnings of $0.78 Per Share HCA Holdings, Inc. to Post Q1 2017 Earnings of $1.81 Per Share, KeyCorp Forecasts (HCA) IDEX Corporation (IEX) Expected to Earn Q1 2017 Earnings of $0.93 Per Share Olin Corporation (OLN) Hits New 12-Month High After Strong Earnings ContraVir Pharmaceuticals Inc (CTRV) Given Consensus Rating of “Strong Buy” by Brokerages Cesca Therapeutics Inc. (KOOL) Given Consensus Recommendation of “Hold” by Brokerages Zacks: BGC Partners, Inc. (BGCP) Given $14.00 Average Target Price by Analysts Zacks: Orchid Island Capital, Inc. (ORC) Given Average Rating of “Strong Buy” by Analysts Zacks: AC Immune SA (ACIU) Given $23.00 Consensus Target Price by Analysts Royal Bank Of Canada Downgrades E.On Se (EONGY) to Underperform Pagegroup PLC (MPI) Price Target Raised to GBX 490 Diageo plc (DGE) Receives Buy Rating from HSBC Holdings plc Metro Ag (MEO3) Given a €38.00 Price Target at Oddo Securities Overstock.com, Inc. (OSTK) Major Shareholder Sells $15,228,861.84 in Stock Voya Prime Rate Trust (PPR) Declares Monthly Dividend of $0.03 Hanesbrands Inc. (HBI) Posts Quarterly Earnings Results, Misses Estimates By $0.05 EPS UNITIL Corporation (UTL) Announces Quarterly Earnings Results, Beats Estimates By $0.01 EPS TFS Financial Corporation (TFSL) Posts Quarterly Earnings Results, Hits Estimates January 31st, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Jeff Wilder Filed Under: Earnings Articles - Single - Finance Tweet TFS Financial Corporation (NASDAQ:TFSL) posted its quarterly earnings data on Monday. The company reported $0.07 EPS for the quarter, meeting the Zacks’ consensus estimate of $0.07. TFS Financial Corporation had a net margin of 19.49% and a return on equity of 4.79%. During the same quarter in the prior year, the company posted $0.06 earnings per share. TFS Financial Corporation (NASDAQ:TFSL) opened at 17.49 on Wednesday. The firm has a market cap of $4.87 billion, a P/E ratio of 62.46 and a beta of 0.55. TFS Financial Corporation has a 1-year low of $15.58 and a 1-year high of $19.89. The stock’s 50 day moving average is $18.82 and its 200-day moving average is $18.31. TRADEMARK VIOLATION NOTICE: This piece was originally published by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are accessing this piece on another site, it was illegally copied and republished in violation of United States and international copyright and trademark law. The original version of this piece can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/01/31/tfs-financial-corporation-tfsl-posts-quarterly-earnings-results-hits-estimates.html. In related news, Chairman Marc A. Stefanski sold 7,600 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction dated Wednesday, December 14th. The stock was sold at an average price of $19.31, for a total transaction of $146,756.00. Following the completion of the transaction, the chairman now owns 120,511 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $2,327,067.41. The sale was disclosed in a document filed with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is available at this link. Also, Director Robert A. Fiala sold 20,000 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction dated Friday, November 11th. The shares were sold at an average price of $18.30, for a total value of $366,000.00. Following the transaction, the director now directly owns 56,300 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $1,030,290. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Insiders have sold 32,916 shares of company stock worth $615,357 over the last three months. Corporate insiders own 1.39% of the company’s stock. A number of hedge funds and other institutional investors have recently made changes to their positions in TFSL. Pacer Advisors Inc. boosted its position in shares of TFS Financial Corporation by 502.4% in the second quarter. Pacer Advisors Inc. now owns 7,283 shares of the company’s stock valued at $126,000 after buying an additional 6,074 shares in the last quarter. The Manufacturers Life Insurance Company purchased a new position in shares of TFS Financial Corporation during the third quarter valued at $144,000. Trexquant Investment LP purchased a new position in shares of TFS Financial Corporation during the second quarter valued at $274,000. Paloma Partners Management Co purchased a new position in shares of TFS Financial Corporation during the second quarter valued at $330,000. Finally, JPMorgan Chase & Co. boosted its position in shares of TFS Financial Corporation by 17,606.3% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 19,654 shares of the company’s stock valued at $350,000 after buying an additional 19,543 shares in the last quarter. 11.61% of the stock is owned by institutional investors and hedge funds. TFS Financial Corporation Company Profile TFS Financial Corporation is the holding company of Third Federal Savings and Loan Association of Cleveland (Association). The Association is a savings and loan association. The Association’s principal business consists of originating and servicing residential real estate mortgage loans and attracting retail savings deposits. Receive News & Ratings for TFS Financial Corporation Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for TFS Financial Corporation and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Trump Cancels Harley-Davidson Trip Due to Possible Protests White House Appears to Pull Back on Part of Policy on Vetting President Trump’s Labor Secretary Choice Outsourced Jobs President Trump Agenda: Border Wall and Sanctuary Cities White House Says President Trump Will Not Release His Tax Returns © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Jump to main navigationJump to main content News Search News by eluta.ca Search Jobs at eluta.ca Jobs Login Register 18  Toronto Subscribe Help AdChoices Home News Opinion Business Investing Sports Life Arts Tech Drive Real Estate Streetwise Economy International Industry News Small Business Commentary Careers Magazine U.S. Europe Asia Pacific Latin America Africa & Mideast Home» Report on Business» International Business» U.S. Business A 'Wall St' sign is seen above two 'One Way' signs in New York in this file photo. (LUCAS JACKSON/REUTERS) A 'Wall St' sign is seen above two 'One Way' signs in New York in this file photo. (LUCAS JACKSON/REUTERS) Trump travel ban stirs faint corporate outcry beyond Silicon Valley Add to ... Devika Krishna Kumar and Ross Kerber NEW YORK/BOSTON — Reuters Published Monday, Jan. 30, 2017 5:04AM EST Last updated Monday, Jan. 30, 2017 12:08PM EST Comments Share via email Share on facebook Share on twitter Share on LinkedIn Print Most U.S. corporate bosses have stayed silent on President Donald Trump’s immigration curbs, underscoring the sensitivities around opposing policies that could provoke a backlash from the White House. While the leaders of Apple Inc, Google and Facebook Inc e-mailed their staff to denounce the suspension of the U.S. refugee program and the halting of arrivals from seven Muslim-majority countries, many of their counterparts in other industries either declined comment or responded with company statements reiterating their commitment to diversity. The difference in response shows the pressure large swathes of corporate America faces to avoid tussling publicly with the new administration. Related: How does Trump’s immigration ban affect you? A Canadian guide Read more: Would-be Americans have dreams dashed by Trump’s executive orders on immigration Read more: Trump immigration ban 'a boon' for Canadian tech industry, say executives Companies such as aircraft maker Boeing Co and auto makers Ford Motor Co and General Motors Co have already had run-ins with Trump over other issues, and they have much at stake in policy decisions that the administration will make on tax, trade and regulatory matters. Before office, Trump attacked Boeing over the cost of the future Air Force One program. Boeing Chief Executive Officer Dennis Muilenburg met with him earlier this month and said he and Trump had made progress on the Air Force One issue and the potential sale of fighter aircraft. Representatives from Boeing, General Motors and Ford declined to comment on Trump’s immigration curbs. Wall Street, meanwhile, is hoping the new administration will ease some of the regulations introduced in the wake of the 2007-08 financial crisis and adopt a lighter touch in their enforcement. Industries including banking, health care and auto manufacturing “see themselves on the cusp of a new era of deregulation, and they do not want to do anything that would offend the new emperor,” said Cornelius Hurley, director of Boston University’s Center for Finance, Law & Policy. Trump had targeted both the tech industry and Wall Street during his presidential campaign, but once elected, he tapped former investment bankers, hedge fund managers and private equity investors to join his administration. With friends in high places, Wall Street may have less reason to be as outspoken about the new restrictions. “Bankers have direct access to this White House,” said Erik Gordon, who teaches at the University of Michigan’s Ross School of Business. “They don’t have to protest publicly.” Representatives of Goldman Sachs Group Inc, Citigroup Inc, Bank of America Corp and Morgan Stanley declined to comment on Trump’s immigration order. Wells Fargo & Co said in a statement that it was reviewing the executive order and its implications for staff and its business. JPMorgan Chase & Co’s Operating Committee, which includes CEO Jamie Dimon, sent a note to staff saying it was reaching out to all employees affected and noted that the country was, “strengthened by the rich diversity of the world around us.” To be sure, some CEOs were more outspoken. Nike Inc CEO Mark Parker said the company did not support the executive order. “Nike believes in a world where everyone celebrates the power of diversity,” he said in a statement. “Those values are being threatened by the recent executive order in the U.S. banning refugees, as well as visitors, from seven Muslim-majority countries.” Brent Saunders, CEO of U.S. drug maker Allergan Plc, tweeted: “Oppose any policy that puts limitations on our ability to attract the best & diverse talent.” But many boardrooms kept quiet. Representatives for some energy companies, including Exxon Mobil Corp, for example, declined to comment. GOOD CORPORATE CITIZENS As the idea of corporate social responsibility has taken root, so companies have increasingly championed a range of causes, including gay rights, diverse workplaces and a global view. Many in corporate America are still trying to work out how to deal with a new government that takes a more conservative stance on some social issues and has an anti-globalization platform. Those non-tech companies that did issue statements over the weekend tended to emphasize their role as good corporate citizens rather than openly criticize Trump’s policies. Starbucks Corp CEO Howard Schultz has put the coffee chain in the national spotlight before, asking customers not to bring guns into stores and urging conversations on race relations. In a letter to employees, he said Starbucks was developing plans to hire 10,000 refugees over five years across dozens of countries, but he did not directly criticize Trump’s order. “I am hearing the alarm you all are sounding that the civility and human rights we have all taken for granted for so long are under attack,” he wrote. In his statement, General Electric Co CEO Jeff Immelt told staff that the company would engage with the U.S. government. “We will continue to make our voice heard with the new administration and Congress, and reiterate the importance of this issue to GE and to the business community overall,” he wrote. One of the most immediate ways for corporate bosses to communicate with Trump about the immigration order will be the first meeting of his advisory panel of business leaders next week. Of the 19 leaders on that panel, only two, Elon Musk, who founded Tesla Motors Inc and SpaceX, and Travis Kalanick, CEO of Uber Technologies Inc, have spoken out against Trump’s immigration curbs. A spokeswoman for Stephen Schwarzman, the billionaire chief executive of Blackstone Group LP whom Trump tasked to set up and chair the panel, declined to comment. Report Typo/Error Also on The Globe and Mail Markets fall after Trump travel curbs (Reuters)   NKE-NNike Inc Latest Price$52.80 0.00 (0.00%) BA-NBoeing Co Latest Price$162.26 0.00 (0.00%) F-NFord Motor Co Latest Price$12.28 0.00 (0.00%) AAPL-QApple Inc Latest Price$128.53 0.00 (0.00%) Updated February 2 4:00 PM EST. Delayed by at least 15 minutes. More Related to this Story Tech leaders press Ottawa for temporary visas after Trump order Trump immigration order ‘a boon' for Canadian tech industry, say executives Travellers barred from flights, detained at airports as Trump ban takes effect Topics Nike, Inc. Ford Motor Company America United States of America The Boeing Company General Motors Company Donald Trump Apple Inc. Silicon Valley Comments Share via email Share on facebook Share on twitter Share on LinkedIn Print Next story | Learn More Discover content from The Globe and Mail that you might otherwise not have come across. Here we’ll provide you with fresh suggestions where we will continue to make even better ones as we get to know you better. You can let us know if a suggestion is not to your liking by hitting the ‘’ close button to the right of the headline. {{article_sprite}} {{title}} {{published_at}} In the know Globe Investor How to make the most of your RRSP this year Life My friend calls my fur-wearing ‘disgusting’: How should I respond? Life Five reasons to never do crunches again Globe Investor Looking for your best mortgage rate? Here’s 20 questions to ask globe drive Chasing Zen in an Aston Martin The Globe Recommends {{title}} Most popular videos » News What you need to know about Stephen Bannon, the heart of Trump's inner circle Report on Business Trump wants an extra 'F' in NAFTA News White House defends detaining 5-year-old boy News Trump reviews 'dumb' refugee deal with Australia after 'worst' call Report on Business Carrick Talks Money: How do I keep myself safe from online scammers? News Kenneth Irving opens up about his battle with depression and the path to wellness News Quebec mosque says it's keen to return to normal in wake of shooting Report on Business Uber CEO quits Trump's business advisory group Globe Drive The three stand-out cars at the Detroit auto show Life No more 'Mr Tough Guy': Endurance race run for last time after thirty years News Quebec City mosque allows media inside to view aftermath of shooting News Fitted with bionic feet, a Bulgarian cat seeks a new home ◀ ● ● ● ▶ Highlights Globe Investor Where high-net-worth investors are putting their money right now Globe Investor Can’t make heads or tails of your finances? Learn with your kids More from The Globe and Mail Report on Business New agency aims to attract foreign investment to Greater Toronto Area Arts Christine Goerke on Wagner, endurance and the drive to perform Most popular ‘Cuck’: a modern swear word that’s as dirty as the old ones Greater Vancouver housing sales see January slump as slide continues Trump’s call to speed up NAFTA talks puts Canada on guard Kellie Leitch’s controversial campaign manager Nick Kouvalis resigns Feb. 3: Your daily horoscope X connect with us Products The Globe and Mail Newspaper Newspaper delivered to your doorstep. Subscribe to the newspaper Globe Unlimited Digital all access pass across devices. Subscribe to Globe Unlimited Globe2Go The digital replica of our newspaper. Subscribe to Globe2Go Globe Email Newsletters Get top Globe stories sent to your inbox. Subscribe to email newsletters Globe eBooks A collection of articles by the Globe. View the library Advertise with us GlobeLink.ca Your number one partner for reaching Canada's Influential Achievers. Or go directly to: Newspaper Magazine Digital Globe Alliance: extend your reach Globe Edge: custom content Classifieds The Globe at your Workplace Globe Corporate Sales Globe Unlimited digital edition and Globe2Go e-paper group discounts available. Learn more Corporate financial data and content licensing for your organization. Learn more Or go directly to: Report On Business Top 1000 DataStore essential business intelligence Our Company About us Work at The Globe Staff Secure Services Secure Drop Staff PGP Directory Customer Service Contact Us Customer Preference Center FAQs Customer Care website Digital subscription services Print subscription services Change your delivery address Vacation Stops Mobile Apps News NEWS APP Available for download on the following devices iPhone iPad Android Blackberry Other Sections Appointments Art Store Births & Announcements Corrections Classifieds Classroom Edition Deaths Newspaper Ads Real Estate Special Reports Site Map Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Disclaimer Accessibility Policy Community Guidelines Globe sustainability Editorial Code of Conduct Restrictions © Thomson Reuters 2012. All rights reserved. Republication or redistribution of Thomson Reuters content, including by framing or similar means, is prohibited without the prior written consent of Thomson Reuters. Thomson Reuters is not liable for any errors or delays in Thomson Reuters content, or for any actions taken in reliance on such content. ‘Thomson Reuters’ and the Thomson Reuters logo are trademarks of Thomson Reuters and its affiliated companies. Selected data supplied by Thomson Reuters.© Thomson Reuters Limited. Click for Restrictions . Copyright 2017 The Globe and Mail Inc. All Rights Reserved. 351 King Street East, Suite 1600,  Toronto,  ON  Canada  M5A 0N1 Phillip Crawley, Publisher Add to Watchlist Add to Watchlist We've run into a glitch. Please try again later. We've run into a glitch. Please try again later.
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy   Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Bank Of New York Mellon Corporation (The) - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Bank Of New York Mellon Corporation (The) with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Metro Ag (MEO3) PT Set at €38.00 by equinet AG Berenberg Bank Analysts Give SAP SE (SAP) a €94.00 Price Target adidas AG (ADS) PT Set at €166.00 by Kepler Capital Markets Graco Inc. (GGG) Expected to Earn Q1 2017 Earnings of $0.78 Per Share HCA Holdings, Inc. to Post Q1 2017 Earnings of $1.81 Per Share, KeyCorp Forecasts (HCA) IDEX Corporation (IEX) Expected to Earn Q1 2017 Earnings of $0.93 Per Share Olin Corporation (OLN) Hits New 12-Month High After Strong Earnings ContraVir Pharmaceuticals Inc (CTRV) Given Consensus Rating of “Strong Buy” by Brokerages Cesca Therapeutics Inc. (KOOL) Given Consensus Recommendation of “Hold” by Brokerages Zacks: BGC Partners, Inc. (BGCP) Given $14.00 Average Target Price by Analysts Zacks: Orchid Island Capital, Inc. (ORC) Given Average Rating of “Strong Buy” by Analysts Zacks: AC Immune SA (ACIU) Given $23.00 Consensus Target Price by Analysts Royal Bank Of Canada Downgrades E.On Se (EONGY) to Underperform Pagegroup PLC (MPI) Price Target Raised to GBX 490 Diageo plc (DGE) Receives Buy Rating from HSBC Holdings plc Metro Ag (MEO3) Given a €38.00 Price Target at Oddo Securities Overstock.com, Inc. (OSTK) Major Shareholder Sells $15,228,861.84 in Stock Voya Prime Rate Trust (PPR) Declares Monthly Dividend of $0.03 Hanesbrands Inc. (HBI) Posts Quarterly Earnings Results, Misses Estimates By $0.05 EPS UNITIL Corporation (UTL) Announces Quarterly Earnings Results, Beats Estimates By $0.01 EPS Bank Of New York Mellon Corporation (The) (BK) Position Maintained by Fairfield Bush & CO. January 31st, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Stacy Sanders Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Fairfield Bush & CO. continued to hold its position in shares of Bank Of New York Mellon Corporation (The) (NYSE:BK) during the third quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The institutional investor owned 6,553 shares of the company’s stock at the end of the third quarter. Fairfield Bush & CO.’s holdings in Bank Of New York Mellon Corporation (The) were worth $261,000 at the end of the most recent quarter. A number of other institutional investors have also modified their holdings of the company. Jarislowsky Fraser Ltd increased its position in Bank Of New York Mellon Corporation (The) by 1,000.6% in the second quarter. Jarislowsky Fraser Ltd now owns 10,322,439 shares of the company’s stock valued at $257,964,000 after buying an additional 9,384,511 shares during the period. Morgan Stanley boosted its stake in Bank Of New York Mellon Corporation (The) by 63.4% in the third quarter. Morgan Stanley now owns 5,645,931 shares of the company’s stock valued at $225,161,000 after buying an additional 2,191,286 shares in the last quarter. Dodge & Cox boosted its stake in Bank Of New York Mellon Corporation (The) by 3.5% in the second quarter. Dodge & Cox now owns 55,928,092 shares of the company’s stock valued at $2,172,806,000 after buying an additional 1,880,245 shares in the last quarter. D. E. Shaw & Co. Inc. boosted its stake in Bank Of New York Mellon Corporation (The) by 93.6% in the third quarter. D. E. Shaw & Co. Inc. now owns 2,926,436 shares of the company’s stock valued at $116,707,000 after buying an additional 1,415,024 shares in the last quarter. Finally, Capital International Investors boosted its stake in Bank Of New York Mellon Corporation (The) by 29.0% in the second quarter. Capital International Investors now owns 5,738,000 shares of the company’s stock valued at $222,921,000 after buying an additional 1,290,000 shares in the last quarter. Institutional investors own 81.59% of the company’s stock. Bank Of New York Mellon Corporation (NYSE:BK) traded up 0.13% on Tuesday, reaching $44.73. The company had a trading volume of 6,420,601 shares. The firm has a market capitalization of $46.85 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 14.20 and a beta of 1.30. Bank Of New York Mellon Corporation has a 52-week low of $32.20 and a 52-week high of $49.54. The stock’s 50-day moving average price is $46.85 and its 200 day moving average price is $43.34. Bank Of New York Mellon Corporation (The) (NYSE:BK) last posted its earnings results on Thursday, January 19th. The company reported $0.77 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, meeting analysts’ consensus estimates of $0.77. Bank Of New York Mellon Corporation (The) had a return on equity of 9.74% and a net margin of 22.64%. The firm had revenue of $3.79 billion for the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $3.85 billion. During the same quarter in the prior year, the company earned $0.68 EPS. Bank Of New York Mellon Corporation (The)’s revenue was up 1.7% on a year-over-year basis. On average, equities analysts anticipate that Bank Of New York Mellon Corporation will post $3.46 earnings per share for the current fiscal year. The business also recently announced a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Friday, February 10th. Investors of record on Tuesday, January 31st will be paid a $0.19 dividend. This represents a $0.76 dividend on an annualized basis and a yield of 1.70%. The ex-dividend date is Friday, January 27th. Bank Of New York Mellon Corporation (The)’s payout ratio is currently 24.05%. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY NOTICE: “Bank Of New York Mellon Corporation (The) (BK) Position Maintained by Fairfield Bush & CO.” was reported by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are reading this piece on another publication, it was illegally stolen and republished in violation of international trademark and copyright laws. The legal version of this piece can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/01/31/bank-of-new-york-mellon-corporation-the-bk-position-maintained-by-fairfield-bush-co.html. Several equities research analysts recently commented on BK shares. Barclays PLC reaffirmed a “buy” rating and issued a $48.00 price target on shares of Bank Of New York Mellon Corporation (The) in a report on Wednesday, November 9th. Keefe, Bruyette & Woods cut Bank Of New York Mellon Corporation (The) from an “outperform” rating to a “market perform” rating and cut their price target for the company from $54.00 to $48.00 in a report on Friday, January 20th. Deutsche Bank AG reaffirmed a “buy” rating on shares of Bank Of New York Mellon Corporation (The) in a report on Friday, October 21st. J P Morgan Chase & Co cut Bank Of New York Mellon Corporation (The) from an “overweight” rating to a “neutral” rating and increased their price target for the company from $47.50 to $49.00 in a report on Friday, January 6th. Finally, Buckingham Research cut Bank Of New York Mellon Corporation (The) from a “buy” rating to a “neutral” rating and set a $52.00 price target for the company. in a report on Monday, November 21st. Nine equities research analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating, four have assigned a buy rating and two have issued a strong buy rating to the company’s stock. Bank Of New York Mellon Corporation (The) currently has a consensus rating of “Buy” and a consensus price target of $49.00. About Bank Of New York Mellon Corporation (The) The Bank of New York Mellon Corporation (BNY Mellon) is an investments company. The Company operates businesses through two segments: Investment Management and Investment Services. The Company also has an Other segment, which includes credit-related services; the leasing portfolio; corporate treasury activities, including its investment securities portfolio; its equity interest in ConvergEx Group; business exits, and corporate overhead. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding BK? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Bank Of New York Mellon Corporation (The) (NYSE:BK). Receive News & Ratings for Bank Of New York Mellon Corporation (The) Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Bank Of New York Mellon Corporation (The) and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Trump Cancels Harley-Davidson Trip Due to Possible Protests White House Appears to Pull Back on Part of Policy on Vetting President Trump’s Labor Secretary Choice Outsourced Jobs President Trump Agenda: Border Wall and Sanctuary Cities White House Says President Trump Will Not Release His Tax Returns © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
2 Desktop notifications are on   | Turn off Get breaking news alerts from The Washington Post Turn on desktop notifications? Yes Not now It looks like you've previously blocked notifications. Please update your browser permissions to allow them. Sections Sign In Username Accessibility for screenreader Home Page U.S. & World | Regional Politics PowerPost The Fix White House Courts and Law Polling Monkey Cage Fact Checker Post Politics Blog Opinions The Post's View Toles Cartoons Telnaes Animations Local Opinions Global Opinions Letters to the Editor Act Four All Opinions Are Local Book Party Compost Erik Wemple Five Myths In Theory The Plum Line PostEverything PostPartisan Rampage Right Turn The Watch Volokh Conspiracy Sports Redskins NFL MLB NBA NHL AllMetSports Soccer Boxing/MMA College Sports College Football College Basketball D.C. Sports Bog Early Lead Fancy Stats Golf Tennis Fantasy Sports Local D.C. Maryland Virginia Public Safety Education Obituaries Transportation Weather National Acts of Faith Health and Science National Security Investigations Morning Mix Post Nation True Crime Obituaries World Africa The Americas Asia and Pacific Europe Middle East National Security WorldViews Checkpoint Business Wonkblog On Leadership Personal Finance Digger Energy and Environment Markets On Small Business World Business Capital Business Tech Innovations The Switch Lifestyle Arts and Entertainment Advice Carolyn Hax Food Travel Wellness Magazine Home and Garden Inspired Life Fashion KidsPost On Parenting Reliable Source The Intersect Solo-ish Entertainment Books Comics Comic Riffs Going Out Guide Horoscopes Movies Museums Music Puzzles and Games Theater and Dance TV Restaurants Bars & Clubs Crosswords Video World Top News Entertainment Local Popular Video Politics Live Sports Opinions National Business Technology Style Photography In Sight Washington Post Live Events Live Chats Real Estate Rentals Where We Live Recently Sold Homes Cars Jobs Classifieds Partners Express Parade WP BrandStudio washingtonpost.com 1996-2017 The Washington Post Terms of Service Privacy Policy Submissions and Discussion Policy RSS Terms of Service Ad Choices Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on Google Plus Share via Email Share on LinkedIn Share on Pinterest Share on Tumblr Resize Text Print Article Comments200+ The inside track on Washington politics. Be the first to know about new stories from PowerPost. Sign up to follow, and we’ll e-mail you free updates as they’re published. You’ll receive free e-mail news updates each time a new story is published. You’re all set! Sign up *Invalid email address Got it Got it PostEverything Where’s the best place to resist Trump? At work. From solidarity strikes to slowdowns and sit-ins, workplace revolt is a key strategy in opposing the new administration. The inside track on Washington politics. Be the first to know about new stories from PowerPost. Sign up to follow, and we’ll e-mail you free updates as they’re published. You’ll receive free e-mail news updates each time a new story is published. You’re all set! Sign up *Invalid email address Got it Got it From solidarity strikes to slowdowns and sit-ins, workplace revolt is a key strategy in opposing the new administration. By Moshe Marvit and Leo Gertner By Moshe Marvit and Leo Gertner January 31 Follow @MosheMarvit Follow @leogertner About the authors Moshe Marvit is a labor and employment lawyer and a fellow at the Century Foundation. He is the co-author of “Why Labor Organizing Should be a Civil Right.” Leo Gertner is a labor lawyer in Washington, D.C. who previously worked as a grievance representative for janitors in Boston. American workers have the power to disrupt Trump’s agenda and resist his vision for our country. (Anthony Behar/Pool photo via Bloomberg) As thousands of protesters descended on John F. Kennedy International Airport in New York Saturday to protest Friday’s executive order blocking citizens from seven Muslim-majority countries from entering the United States, the AFL-CIO affiliated, 19,000-member Taxi Workers Alliance called for a solidarity strike. In response, Uber, the controversial “ride-sharing” service whose chief executive sits on Trump’s business advisory board, suspended its surge pricing and continued operation, effectively attempting to break the strike. Reaction was swift: #deleteuber quickly became a trending topic on Twitter as users posted screenshots deleting their accounts. There has been an explosion of direct political action and protest since the election. Groups such as Planned Parenthood and the ACLU have experienced a “deluge” of donations. Initiatives such as the Indivisible Guide (2,520 local groups) and Swing Left (shared 217,000 times on Facebook) have sought to give shape to people’s outrage and help them deal effectively with their elected representatives. The Women’s March in D.C. and in cities across the country brought millions into the streets to declare support for an unabashedly feminist — and progressive — agenda and to oppose President Trump’s attacks on women’s rights, immigrants, the environment, the Affordable Care Act and more. These actions are indispensable, and may form the seeds of a new movement, but people should not ignore one of the most powerful means of resistance and protest that they have: their roles as workers. Hundreds of protesters gathered at the arrivals gate of Washington Dulles International Airport to push back against President Trump's executive order that targeted citizens from seven predominantly Muslim countries. A federal judge in New York blocked deportations nationwide late Saturday of those detained on entry to the United States. (McKenna Ewen/The Washington Post) [Democrats escalate their attacks on Trump, while Republicans accuse him of leaving them in the dark] Though often overlooked in America, the workplace can be as much a focal point of resistance and protest as the streets, the ballot box or the halls of Congress. Our standard workplace regime of at-will employment — where one can be fired for good cause, bad cause or no cause — combined with weak baseline workplace rights leaves many vulnerable at the workplace. But since jobs and trade were the policy centerpieces of his campaign, Trump has brought the fight to the workplace, and workers need to respond in kind. Workplace resistance can take many forms. The most obvious one could come from within the federal government itself. Just after last weekend’s protests, for example, career Foreign Service officers and diplomats began drafting a dissent memo against Trump’s executive order on refugees, in a “major bureaucratic uprising” against the president. Writing for Politico about Trump’s attack on federal employees, Nancy Cook and Andrew Restuccia explained that “disgruntled employees can leak information to Capitol Hill and the press, and prod inspectors general to probe political appointees. They can also use the tools of bureaucracy to slow or sandbag policy proposals — moves that can overtly, or passive aggressively, unravel a White House’s best-laid plans.” But members of the federal bureaucracy aren’t the only employees with the tools to resist Trump from their workplaces. Workers of all kinds can use these slowdown strategies to great effect. In an article for the Nation titled “Throw Sand in the Gears of Everything,” Frances Fox Piven called for strategies of disruption and described how the “repercussions of such mass refusals can be far-reaching, simply because social life depends on systems of intricate cooperation. So does our system of governance.” Slowdowns and “work-to-rule” campaigns can sap the productivity of employers pushing anti-worker (and anti-social) policies. In the 1970s, two years after a strike that won female workers’ wage parity, the workers in the Ford plant in Dagenham, England, introduced a successful slowdown in response to management repeatedly speeding up production. Plant occupations and sit-down strikes have also helped workers fight back against major financial institutions. In 2008, 200 workers at Republic Windows and Doors in Chicago engaged in a sit-down strike that brought the Bank of America and JPMorgan Chase to the table and kept the plant open. Though such workplace protest doesn’t occur often in America, the country does have a long tradition of such actions fueling social movements. After the black-owned Chicago Defender was banned from mail distribution in several Southern states, black members of the Brotherhood of Sleeping Car Porters union smuggled the newspapers through work over the railways. Initially shut out from the country’s largest labor federation, the AFL, the predominantly black union became a powerhouse of civil rights organizing. Within 15 years, the union’s pioneering leader, A. Philip Randolph, had bargained a nationwide contract and persuaded FDR to sign the executive order that banned racial discrimination in defense industries. Later on, Randolph headed the 1963 March on Washington, where Martin Luther King Jr. delivered his “I Have A Dream” speech. Unorganized workers, too, can reclaim the workplace as a site of political resistance by starting discussions with co-workers on the effect of Trump’s actions on their employment conditions or communities. Individual employees can also leverage relationships with sympathetic managers and companies to encourage them to take public stands to influence local or national stakeholders who might have the prominence to place pressure on Trump and his administration. And workers should be especially vigilant when it comes to Trump’s administration. Trump has promised to roll back regulations and block new ones, many of which provide essential health and safety protections for workers. Under President Barack Obama, new respirable coal dust rules and increased enforcement led to 2016 being “the safest year in mining history.” Similarly, a new National Employment Law Project report comparing 2006-2008 of the Bush years with 2013-2015 of the Obama years found that 1,000 fewer workers died per year largely because of new OSHA regulations in areas such as those concerning excavation, blood-handling and grain-handling. In addition to the promise to reduce regulations, Trump and his Cabinet appointees have come out against Obama’s overtime rule that would have raised wages for 4 million Americans, as well as any state or local attempts to raise the minimum wage. Trump has said that his “position on right-to-work is one-hundred percent,” meaning that he supports allowing free-riders to enjoy the benefits of a union without having to pay for the costs of representation. Trump’s assault on workers just makes the act of workplace resistance that much more appropriate, and that much more vital. Such actions pressuring the Trump administration will be crucial to holding it accountable by keeping its empty promises to workers in the news. They will also provide the collective action needed to oppose the implementation of some of Trump’s most dangerous plans. And yet ultimately, effective resistance will require more than sporadic actions. It will require the kind of sustained, repeated and strategic type of organizing that the labor movement has specialized in for decades. 200+ Comments  Share on FacebookShare   Share on TwitterTweet Share via Email Moshe Marvit is a labor and employment lawyer and a fellow at the Century Foundation. He is the co-author of “Why Labor Organizing Should be a Civil Right.” Follow @MosheMarvit Leo Gertner is a labor lawyer in Washington, D.C. who previously worked as a grievance representative for janitors in Boston. Follow @leogertner 298 Show Comments Discussion Policy 0 Comments SuperFan Badge SuperFan badge holders consistently post smart, timely comments about Washington area sports and teams. More about badges | Request a badge Culture Connoisseur Badge Culture Connoisseurs consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on the arts, lifestyle and entertainment. More about badges | Request a badge Fact Checker Badge Fact Checkers contribute questions, information and facts to The Fact Checker. More about badges | Request a badge Washingtologist Badge Washingtologists consistently post thought-provoking, timely comments on events, communities, and trends in the Washington area. More about badges | Request a badge Post Writer Badge This commenter is a Washington Post editor, reporter or producer. Post Forum Badge Post Forum members consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on politics, national and international affairs. More about badges | Request a badge Weather Watcher Badge Weather Watchers consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on climates and forecasts. More about badges | Request a badge World Watcher Badge World Watchers consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on international affairs. More about badges | Request a badge Post Contributor Badge This commenter is a Washington Post contributor. Post contributors aren’t staff, but may write articles or columns. In some cases, contributors are sources or experts quoted in a story. More about badges | Request a badge Post Recommended Washington Post reporters or editors recommend this comment or reader post. You must be logged in to report a comment. Sign in here You must be logged in to recommend a comment. Sign in here Comments our editors find particularly useful or relevant are displayed in Top Comments, as are comments by users with these badges: . Replies to those posts appear here, as well as posts by staff writers. All comments are posted in the All Comments tab. More about badges Get a badge To pause and restart automatic updates, click "Live" or "Paused". If paused, you'll be notified of the number of additional comments that have come in. Comments our editors find particularly useful or relevant are displayed in Top Comments, as are comments by users with these badges: . Replies to those posts appear here, as well as posts by staff writers. Spam Offensive Disagree Off-Topic Among the criteria for featured comments: likes by users, replies by users, previous history of valuable commenting, and selection by moderators. Facebook Twitter Reddit StumbleUpon Digg Delicious Most Read 1 ‘This was the worst call by far’: Trump badgered, bragged and abruptly ended phone call with Australian leader 2 Donald Trump gave a doozy of a speech at the National Prayer Breakfast 3 Trump asks for prayers for Arnold Schwarzenegger’s ratings at National Prayer Breakfast 4 Opinion Steve Bannon’s first major play is shaping up as a full-blown fiasco 5 Groundhog Day 2017: Phil says ‘long winter,’ but he was wrong before he even woke up washingtonpost.com © 1996-2017 The Washington Post   Help and Contact Us Terms of Service Privacy Policy Print Products Terms of Sale Digital Products Terms of Sale Submissions and Discussion Policy RSS Terms of Service Ad Choices
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy   Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Brown & Brown Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Brown & Brown Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Kemet Corporation (KEM) Reaches New 12-Month High Following Better-Than-Expected Earnings Guggenheim Reiterates Neutral Rating for Walt Disney Company (The) (DIS) Semafo Inc. (SMF) Downgraded to “Sector Perform” at Scotiabank AT&T Inc. (T) Shares Sold by Meridian Management Co. Argus Lowers E.I. du Pont de Nemours and Company (DD) to Hold Pepsico, Inc. (PEP) Shares Bought by Intrust Bank NA General Electric Company (GE) Shares Bought by Pegasus Partners Ltd. Oppenheimer & Co. Inc. Has $19,608,000 Position in Pepsico, Inc. (PEP) Cisco Systems, Inc. (CSCO) Shares Sold by Private Harbour Investment Management & Counsel LLC General Electric Company (GE) Position Decreased by Birmingham Capital Management Co. Inc. AL NCM Capital Management Group Inc. Has $386,000 Stake in J P Morgan Chase & Co (JPM) First National Bank Sioux Falls Maintains Stake in Apple Inc. (AAPL) Microsoft Corporation (MSFT) Shares Sold by Peoples Bank OH Alphabet Inc. (GOOGL) Shares Sold by BlackRock Advisors LLC Ryder System, Inc. (R) Given Average Recommendation of “Hold” by Brokerages Accuray Incorporated (ARAY) Given Consensus Recommendation of “Buy” by Brokerages Yamana Gold Inc. (AUY) Given Consensus Rating of “Hold” by Analysts The Hain Celestial Group, Inc. (HAIN) Receives Consensus Recommendation of “Hold” from Analysts Sony Corp Ord (SNE) Announces Quarterly Earnings Results, Misses Expectations By $0.25 EPS Swiss National Bank Sells 2,000 Shares of AeroVironment, Inc. (AVAV) Clinton Group Inc. Purchases New Position in Brown & Brown, Inc. (BRO) January 31st, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Tyrone Williams Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Clinton Group Inc. purchased a new stake in shares of Brown & Brown, Inc. (NYSE:BRO) during the third quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The institutional investor purchased 77,120 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $2,908,000. Clinton Group Inc. owned approximately 0.05% of Brown & Brown at the end of the most recent reporting period. Other hedge funds also recently made changes to their positions in the company. The Manufacturers Life Insurance Company acquired a new stake in shares of Brown & Brown during the third quarter valued at $5,947,000. TLP Group LLC acquired a new stake in shares of Brown & Brown during the third quarter valued at $113,000. Two Sigma Advisers LP acquired a new stake in shares of Brown & Brown during the third quarter valued at $234,000. Dynamic Capital Management Ltd acquired a new stake in shares of Brown & Brown during the third quarter valued at $1,902,000. Finally, Zurcher Kantonalbank Zurich Cantonalbank increased its stake in shares of Brown & Brown by 13.4% in the third quarter. Zurcher Kantonalbank Zurich Cantonalbank now owns 3,917 shares of the company’s stock valued at $148,000 after buying an additional 464 shares in the last quarter. Hedge funds and other institutional investors own 72.43% of the company’s stock. Shares of Brown & Brown, Inc. (NYSE:BRO) traded down 0.61% during midday trading on Tuesday, reaching $42.13. The company had a trading volume of 1,730,894 shares. Brown & Brown, Inc. has a 12 month low of $30.05 and a 12 month high of $45.77. The firm’s 50 day moving average price is $44.30 and its 200-day moving average price is $39.71. The company has a market capitalization of $5.90 billion, a P/E ratio of 23.15 and a beta of 0.73. Brown & Brown (NYSE:BRO) last posted its quarterly earnings data on Monday, January 23rd. The company reported $0.42 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, topping the consensus estimate of $0.41 by $0.01. Brown & Brown had a net margin of 14.57% and a return on equity of 11.57%. The company had revenue of $433.60 million for the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $431.30 million. During the same quarter in the previous year, the firm posted $0.38 EPS. The business’s revenue was up 7.1% compared to the same quarter last year. Analysts anticipate that Brown & Brown, Inc. will post $1.89 earnings per share for the current fiscal year. The firm also recently announced a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Wednesday, February 15th. Investors of record on Friday, February 3rd will be paid a $0.135 dividend. The ex-dividend date is Wednesday, February 1st. This represents a $0.54 dividend on an annualized basis and a yield of 1.28%. Brown & Brown’s payout ratio is currently 29.67%. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION WARNING: This piece was originally published by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are accessing this piece on another website, it was illegally copied and republished in violation of US & international copyright and trademark law. The legal version of this piece can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/01/31/clinton-group-inc-purchases-new-position-in-brown-brown-inc-bro.html. BRO has been the subject of several recent analyst reports. Citigroup Inc. raised their target price on Brown & Brown from $38.00 to $41.00 and gave the company a “neutral” rating in a research note on Tuesday, October 11th. Deutsche Bank AG downgraded Brown & Brown from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating and set a $40.00 target price for the company. in a research note on Monday, October 24th. BMO Capital Markets downgraded Brown & Brown from a “market perform” rating to an “underperform” rating and decreased their price target for the stock from $39.00 to $37.00 in a research note on Friday, November 4th. Zacks Investment Research downgraded Brown & Brown from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating in a research note on Monday, December 5th. Finally, J P Morgan Chase & Co upgraded Brown & Brown from an “underweight” rating to a “neutral” rating in a research note on Friday, December 16th. Two research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, nine have assigned a hold rating and one has issued a buy rating to the company. The stock presently has an average rating of “Hold” and a consensus target price of $37.80. In related news, EVP Jerome Scott Penny sold 10,000 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction dated Thursday, December 1st. The shares were sold at an average price of $43.56, for a total value of $435,600.00. The transaction was disclosed in a legal filing with the SEC, which is available at this hyperlink. Also, EVP Richard Freebourn sold 25,000 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction dated Wednesday, November 23rd. The shares were sold at an average price of $42.90, for a total transaction of $1,072,500.00. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Insiders own 17.49% of the company’s stock. About Brown & Brown Brown & Brown, Inc is a diversified insurance agency, wholesale brokerage, insurance programs and service company. The Company markets and sells insurance products and services in the property, casualty and employee benefits areas. It provides customers with non-investment insurance contracts, as well as other targeted, customized risk management products and services. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding BRO? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Brown & Brown, Inc. (NYSE:BRO). Receive News & Ratings for Brown & Brown Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Brown & Brown Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Trump Cancels Harley-Davidson Trip Due to Possible Protests White House Appears to Pull Back on Part of Policy on Vetting President Trump’s Labor Secretary Choice Outsourced Jobs President Trump Agenda: Border Wall and Sanctuary Cities White House Says President Trump Will Not Release His Tax Returns © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy   Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance CVR Partners LP - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for CVR Partners LP with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Lawrence Baldini Buys 4,000 Shares of Meridian Bioscience Inc. (VIVO) Stock Kemet Corporation (KEM) Reaches New 12-Month High Following Better-Than-Expected Earnings Guggenheim Reiterates Neutral Rating for Walt Disney Company (The) (DIS) Semafo Inc. (SMF) Downgraded to “Sector Perform” at Scotiabank AT&T Inc. (T) Shares Sold by Meridian Management Co. Argus Lowers E.I. du Pont de Nemours and Company (DD) to Hold Pepsico, Inc. (PEP) Shares Bought by Intrust Bank NA General Electric Company (GE) Shares Bought by Pegasus Partners Ltd. Oppenheimer & Co. Inc. Has $19,608,000 Position in Pepsico, Inc. (PEP) Cisco Systems, Inc. (CSCO) Shares Sold by Private Harbour Investment Management & Counsel LLC General Electric Company (GE) Position Decreased by Birmingham Capital Management Co. Inc. AL NCM Capital Management Group Inc. Has $386,000 Stake in J P Morgan Chase & Co (JPM) First National Bank Sioux Falls Maintains Stake in Apple Inc. (AAPL) Microsoft Corporation (MSFT) Shares Sold by Peoples Bank OH Alphabet Inc. (GOOGL) Shares Sold by BlackRock Advisors LLC Ryder System, Inc. (R) Given Average Recommendation of “Hold” by Brokerages Accuray Incorporated (ARAY) Given Consensus Recommendation of “Buy” by Brokerages Yamana Gold Inc. (AUY) Given Consensus Rating of “Hold” by Analysts The Hain Celestial Group, Inc. (HAIN) Receives Consensus Recommendation of “Hold” from Analysts Sony Corp Ord (SNE) Announces Quarterly Earnings Results, Misses Expectations By $0.25 EPS CVR Partners, LP (UAN) Major Shareholder Sells $105,165.65 in Stock January 31st, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Tyrone Williams Filed Under: Finance - Insider Trades Tweet CVR Partners, LP (NYSE:UAN) major shareholder Special Situations Fund Lp Gso sold 16,105 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction dated Friday, January 27th. The shares were sold at an average price of $6.53, for a total value of $105,165.65. The sale was disclosed in a filing with the SEC, which is accessible through the SEC website. Major shareholders that own more than 10% of a company’s shares are required to disclose their sales and purchases with the SEC. Special Situations Fund Lp Gso also recently made the following trade(s): On Friday, January 20th, Special Situations Fund Lp Gso sold 200,000 shares of CVR Partners, stock. The shares were sold at an average price of $6.37, for a total value of $1,274,000.00. Shares of CVR Partners, LP (NYSE:UAN) traded down 2.46% on Tuesday, reaching $6.35. The company’s stock had a trading volume of 180,706 shares. The company’s 50 day moving average price is $6.24 and its 200 day moving average price is $5.84. CVR Partners, LP has a 12-month low of $4.05 and a 12-month high of $9.75. The company has a market cap of $719.34 million, a P/E ratio of 93.38 and a beta of 1.70. WARNING: “CVR Partners, LP (UAN) Major Shareholder Sells $105,165.65 in Stock” was originally posted by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are viewing this article on another website, it was stolen and reposted in violation of US and international copyright & trademark law. The original version of this article can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/01/31/cvr-partners-lp-uan-major-shareholder-sells-105165-65-in-stock.html. Separately, Zacks Investment Research upgraded CVR Partners, from a “sell” rating to a “hold” rating in a research report on Wednesday, December 28th. Four investment analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and one has assigned a strong buy rating to the stock. CVR Partners, currently has a consensus rating of “Hold” and a consensus target price of $8.93. A number of large investors have recently added to or reduced their stakes in the stock. ING Groep NV bought a new position in CVR Partners, during the second quarter valued at approximately $169,000. Homrich & Berg increased its position in CVR Partners, by 2.4% in the third quarter. Homrich & Berg now owns 34,494 shares of the company’s stock valued at $183,000 after buying an additional 812 shares in the last quarter. California Public Employees Retirement System increased its position in CVR Partners, by 20.4% in the second quarter. California Public Employees Retirement System now owns 247,552 shares of the company’s stock valued at $2,022,000 after buying an additional 41,952 shares in the last quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. increased its position in CVR Partners, by 1,813.3% in the second quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 96,639 shares of the company’s stock valued at $789,000 after buying an additional 91,588 shares in the last quarter. Finally, Groesbeck Investment Management Corp NJ bought a new position in CVR Partners, during the second quarter valued at approximately $899,000. Institutional investors and hedge funds own 19.73% of the company’s stock. CVR Partners, Company Profile CVR Partners, LP owns and operates nitrogen fertilizer business. The Company produces and distributes nitrogen fertilizer products. The Company operates through the United States segment. Its principal products are urea-ammonium nitrate (UAN) and ammonia. The Company’s products are manufactured at its nitrogen fertilizer manufacturing facility in Coffeyville, Kansas, that utilizes a petroleum coke, or pet coke, gasification process to produce nitrogen fertilizer. Receive News & Ratings for CVR Partners LP Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for CVR Partners LP and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Trump Cancels Harley-Davidson Trip Due to Possible Protests White House Appears to Pull Back on Part of Policy on Vetting President Trump’s Labor Secretary Choice Outsourced Jobs President Trump Agenda: Border Wall and Sanctuary Cities White House Says President Trump Will Not Release His Tax Returns © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy   Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance YY Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for YY Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Aduro Biotech, Inc. (ADRO) Shares Bought by BlackRock Advisors LLC BlackRock Advisors LLC Acquires 9,757 Shares of Central Garden & Pet Company (CENT) Smith Moore & CO. Has $427,000 Stake in Rentech, Inc. (RTK) Celanese Corporation (CE) Hits New 1-Year High After Better-Than-Expected Earnings Lawrence Baldini Buys 4,000 Shares of Meridian Bioscience Inc. (VIVO) Stock Kemet Corporation (KEM) Reaches New 12-Month High Following Better-Than-Expected Earnings Guggenheim Reiterates Neutral Rating for Walt Disney Company (The) (DIS) Semafo Inc. (SMF) Downgraded to “Sector Perform” at Scotiabank AT&T Inc. (T) Shares Sold by Meridian Management Co. Argus Lowers E.I. du Pont de Nemours and Company (DD) to Hold Pepsico, Inc. (PEP) Shares Bought by Intrust Bank NA General Electric Company (GE) Shares Bought by Pegasus Partners Ltd. Oppenheimer & Co. Inc. Has $19,608,000 Position in Pepsico, Inc. (PEP) Cisco Systems, Inc. (CSCO) Shares Sold by Private Harbour Investment Management & Counsel LLC General Electric Company (GE) Position Decreased by Birmingham Capital Management Co. Inc. AL NCM Capital Management Group Inc. Has $386,000 Stake in J P Morgan Chase & Co (JPM) First National Bank Sioux Falls Maintains Stake in Apple Inc. (AAPL) Microsoft Corporation (MSFT) Shares Sold by Peoples Bank OH Alphabet Inc. (GOOGL) Shares Sold by BlackRock Advisors LLC Ryder System, Inc. (R) Given Average Recommendation of “Hold” by Brokerages HighTower Advisors LLC Takes Position in YY Inc. (YY) January 31st, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Stacy Sanders Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet HighTower Advisors LLC acquired a new stake in shares of YY Inc. (NASDAQ:YY) during the third quarter, according to its most recent Form 13F filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). The firm acquired 21,056 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $1,119,000. Other institutional investors have also recently added to or reduced their stakes in the company. Skandinaviska Enskilda Banken AB publ bought a new stake in shares of YY during the third quarter valued at approximately $13,395,000. Tiger Pacific Capital LP bought a new stake in shares of YY during the third quarter valued at approximately $7,235,000. BlackRock Japan Co. Ltd increased its stake in shares of YY by 21.2% in the third quarter. BlackRock Japan Co. Ltd now owns 59,982 shares of the company’s stock valued at $3,196,000 after buying an additional 10,494 shares during the last quarter. TIAA CREF Investment Management LLC increased its stake in shares of YY by 20.4% in the third quarter. TIAA CREF Investment Management LLC now owns 37,700 shares of the company’s stock valued at $37,700,000 after buying an additional 6,400 shares during the last quarter. Finally, Mitsubishi UFJ Trust & Banking Corp increased its stake in shares of YY by 0.5% in the third quarter. Mitsubishi UFJ Trust & Banking Corp now owns 50,179 shares of the company’s stock valued at $2,674,000 after buying an additional 227 shares during the last quarter. 43.65% of the stock is currently owned by institutional investors and hedge funds. Shares of YY Inc. (NASDAQ:YY) traded up 1.23% during midday trading on Tuesday, hitting $41.08. The stock had a trading volume of 365,398 shares. The firm has a 50-day moving average of $41.62 and a 200 day moving average of $46.40. YY Inc. has a 12-month low of $31.07 and a 12-month high of $63.96. The firm has a market cap of $2.27 billion, a PE ratio of 12.83 and a beta of 1.11. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION NOTICE: This report was originally posted by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are reading this report on another site, it was illegally stolen and republished in violation of U.S. and international copyright & trademark laws. The legal version of this report can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/01/31/hightower-advisors-llc-takes-position-in-yy-inc-yy.html. Several equities research analysts have issued reports on the company. CLSA assumed coverage on YY in a report on Monday, December 12th. They set an “outperform” rating and a $48.00 price objective on the stock. Bank of America Corporation assumed coverage on YY in a report on Monday, November 28th. They set a “buy” rating and a $60.00 price objective on the stock. J P Morgan Chase & Co restated an “overweight” rating on shares of YY in a report on Wednesday, October 26th. Deutsche Bank AG restated a “buy” rating and set a $60.00 price objective on shares of YY in a report on Friday, December 16th. Finally, HSBC Holdings plc assumed coverage on YY in a report on Monday, October 31st. They set a “buy” rating and a $61.00 price objective on the stock. Two research analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and six have given a buy rating to the company’s stock. The stock has an average rating of “Buy” and a consensus target price of $59.17. About YY YY Inc (YY) is a social platform that engages users in real-time online group activities through voice, video and text on personal computers and mobile devices. The Company’s segments include YY IVAS and others, Huya broadcasting, and 100 Education. YY enables users to create and organize groups of varying sizes to discover and participate in a range of online activities, including music shows, online games, dating shows, live game broadcasting and e-learning. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding YY? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for YY Inc. (NASDAQ:YY). Receive News & Ratings for YY Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for YY Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Trump Cancels Harley-Davidson Trip Due to Possible Protests White House Appears to Pull Back on Part of Policy on Vetting President Trump’s Labor Secretary Choice Outsourced Jobs President Trump Agenda: Border Wall and Sanctuary Cities White House Says President Trump Will Not Release His Tax Returns © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Finance BI Intelligence Events Trending Tech Insider Finance Politics Strategy Life Sports Video All × From To You have successfully emailed the post. × 
     

 'This is not a policy we support': Here's what Goldman's CEO told staff about Trump's immigration ban Portia Crowe Jan. 30, 2017, 7:54 AM 14,648 facebook linkedin twitter email print Lloyd Blankfein.Mark Lennihan/AP Goldman Sachs CEO Lloyd Blankfein on Sunday night sent a voicemail message to all Goldman employees in response to President Donald Trump's travel ban. Trump on Friday signed an executive order barring people from seven majority-Muslim countries — Iraq, Iran, Libya, Somalia, Sudan, Syria, and Yemen — from entering the US. The order originally included US green-card holders, but the White House later exempted them from the ban. "This is not a policy we support," Blankfein said in the message. "[We] are focused on supporting our colleagues and their families who may be affected." Here is the full text of the message: "This is Lloyd. The president has issued an executive order that, generally, bans individuals from seven different countries from entering the United States and freezes the broader refugee program. This is not a policy we support, and I would note that it has already been challenged in federal court, and some of the order has been enjoined at least temporarily. "If the order were to become or remain effective, I recognize that there is potential for disruption to the firm, and especially to some of our people and their families. I want to assure all of you that we will work to minimize such disruption to the extent we can within the law and are focused on supporting our colleagues and their families who may be affected. "Let me close by quoting from our business principles: 'For us to be successful, our men and women must reflect the diversity of the communities and cultures in which we operate. That means we must attract, retain and motivate people from many backgrounds and perspectives. Being diverse is not optional; it is what we must be.' Now is a fitting time to reflect on those words and the principles that underlie them." Blankfein supported Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton during the election campaign. His former No. 2 deputy, Gary Cohn, recently stepped down as president and chief operating officer to join Trump's administration as head of the National Economic Council. Two other Trump hires, Treasury Secretary Steve Mnuchin and chief strategist Steve Bannon, are also former Goldman Sachs employees. In a recent interview with CNBC, Blankfein said Trump could not take full credit for the stock market rally over the past few months. JPMorgan's operating committee, which includes CEO Jamie Dimon, on Sunday sent a memo to employees expressing an "unwavering commitment" to employees. Numerous business leaders from the tech world also spoke out against the immigration ban over the weekend, including Mark Zuckerberg, Sergey Brin, and Tim Cook. SEE ALSO: JPMORGAN ON TRUMP'S TRAVEL BAN: We have an 'unwavering commitment' to our staff NOW WATCH: Harvard economist Rogoff explains why he is so optimistic about the economy under President Trump Loading video... More: Wall Street Goldman Sachs Lloyd Blankfein Donald Trump Muslim ban Travel Ban Immigration ban facebook linkedin twitter email print × Recommended For You Powered by Sailthru 'This is not a policy we support': Here's what Goldman's CEO told staff about Trump's immigration ban 'This is not a policy we support': Here's what Goldman's CEO told staff about Trump's immigration ban Goldman Sachs CEO Lloyd Blankfein on Sunday... JOBS REPORT LIVE 4:49:11 Recommended For You Disclaimer Featured How this astronaut overcame failure and rejection to land his dream job More "Idea Factory" » We just created the best Google Chrome extension on the market for latest news headlines More "BI Innovations" » Finance Emails & Alerts Get the best of Business Insider delivered to your inbox every day. Sign-Up Letter to My Younger Self Hockey great 'King Henrik' Lundqvist on growing up in a tiny Swedish town and his dad's advice to 'dream big' Read Lundqvist's letter to his teenage self » Read Business Insider On The Go Available on iOS or Android Find A Job Tech Jobs C-Level Jobs Media Jobs Design Jobs Finance Jobs Sales Jobs See All Jobs » Thanks to our partners Follow us on: Also check out: * Copyright © 2017 Business Insider Inc. All rights reserved. Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. Disclaimer Commerce Policy Made in NYC Stock quotes by finanzen.net International Editions: UK DE AUS ID IN MY SG PL SE NL FR IT JP
Bloomberg the Company & Its ProductsBloomberg Anywhere Remote LoginBloomberg Anywhere LoginBloomberg Terminal Demo Request Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Philanthropy & Engagement Bloomberg London Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Philanthropy & Engagement Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Bloomberg London Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Advertising Bloomberg Media Distribution Bloomberg Live Conferences Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center MENU Homepage Markets Stocks Currencies Commodities Rates + Bonds Economics Magazine Benchmark Watchlist Economic Calendar Tech U.S. Global Startups Cybersecurity Digital Media Bloomberg Technology TV Hello World Studio 1.0 Pursuits Cars & Bikes Style & Grooming Spend Watches & Gadgets Food & Drinks Travel Real Estate Art & Design Politics With All Due Respect Global Risk Briefing How We’ll Know if Trump Is Making America Great Again Tracking Trump’s Web of Conflicts The Inauguration of Donald J. Trump On the March in Trump’s Capital Opinion View Gadfly Businessweek Subscribe Cover Stories Opening Remarks Etc Features 85th Anniversary Issue Behind The Cover More Science + Energy Graphics Game Plan Small Business Personal Finance Inspire GO The David Rubenstein Show Sponsored Content Bloomberg About The Company Sign In Sign In Subscribe Fear of Trump Move Drives Cash Transfers to Mexico to Record by Eric Martin @EMPosts More stories by Eric Martin February 1, 2017, 11:03 AM EST February 1, 2017, 12:13 PM EST President proposed stopping flow to make Mexico pay for wall Dollars sent home are a lifeline for some of Mexico’s poorest Trump: Had 'Very Good Call' With Mexican President Money transfers to Mexico from workers living abroad climbed to a record last year as Donald Trump’s election raised the prospect of the U.S. blocking the flow of cash to make its southern neighbor pay for a border wall. Remittances rose 6 percent in December from a year earlier to $2.34 billion, the most ever for the holiday season, according to data released by Mexico’s central bank on Wednesday. The increase brings 2016 transfers to $27 billion, exceeding the previous high from 2007, before the financial crisis and U.S. recession. The December increase was less than the 11 percent median forecast of economists in a Bloomberg survey and compared with the surge of 25 percent in November, the immediate aftermath of Trump’s win. During the 2016 campaign, Trump floated the idea of blocking remittances to make Mexico pay for a $10 billion border wall that he said would stop undocumented immigration. The transfers provide a lifeline for some of Mexico’s poorest households and communities, who depend on relatives working in kitchens and construction sites from California to Maine. Overwhelmingly coming from the U.S., the remittances were equivalent to about 2 percent of Mexico’s gross domestic product in recent years, exceeding oil revenue and rivaling foreign direct investment. "Without a doubt there has been an impact from Trump’s rhetoric about a possible tax or restriction on remittances," said Rogelio Ramirez de la O, an independent economist who runs Ecanal, which advises multinational companies about Mexico. "If there’s a threat against remittances, workers are going to send more to try to get ahead of it." Weakness in Mexico’s peso and the strength of the U.S. economy probably are also helping. The peso tumbled to a record low beyond 22 per dollar on Jan. 11 after Trump’s pledges to end or renegotiate the North American Free Trade Agreement and impose tariffs on automakers rattled investors. Economists on average expect Mexico to grow 1.7 percent this year, the least since 2013 and compared with 2.3 percent for the U.S. Many Mexicans work in the U.S. housing industry, which has recovered from the depths of the global financial crisis. Mexican Finance Minister Jose Antonio Meade said on Tuesday that ensuring the free flow of remittances is a priority for his government and laid out ideas to make greater use of technology and the nation’s development bank structure to facilitate them. Keep up with the best of Bloomberg Politics. Get our newsletter daily. Sign Up Disrupting remittances would hurt people like Jaime Paredes, 51, an unemployed former valet parking attendant and bank teller. His younger brother, Carlos, who works as a cook in Reno, Nevada, sends him about 1,500 pesos ($72) monthly to pay for his medicine after he suffered a stroke and stopped working a year ago, he said, standing on a sidewalk in downtown Mexico City. Paredes was among about 200 people who participated in a protest outside the U.S. Embassy on Jan. 20, hours after Trump took the oath of office in Washington. "When my brother is able to, he helps me due to my disability," said Paredes, who walks with the help of a cane. The transfers are "something that’s important for me, and I’m worried that it will get harder for him to do them.” Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal. LEARN MORE Trending Now Trump Twitter Bursts Throw Decades-Old Alliances Into Chaos Who Will Pay for San Francisco's Tilting, Sinking Millennium Tower? America’s Top Prosecutor Defied Trump and Got Fired. Now She Gets Paid Trump Slams ‘Dumb Deal’ With Ally Australia After Testy Call Nordstrom Says It’s Cutting Ivanka Trump Brand Due to Poor Sales Terms of Service Trademarks Privacy Policy ©2017 Bloomberg L.P. All Rights Reserved Careers Made in NYC Advertise Ad Choices Website Feedback Help
